Chapter 1

Trey Soren believed nothing could ruin his day.

With his finance team's Congratulations! still ringing in his ears, he strode across the main floor's pale Travertine tile. His confident footfalls echoed in the expanse.

Today, especially, it pleased him to take in the six-story view from the center of his headquarters. This building housed a future filled with opportunity, and was well worth the investment, sweat equity, and patience. Rich redwood contrasted with chrome. Features like frosted glass and white leather offered a tranquil environment for guests entering the lobby. Trey had the contractors install two-story vertical fountains on opposite ends of the room. A series of drop-lights hung at varying heights from the skylight ceiling, creating an asymmetrical chandelier.

Modern luxury with sleek lines boasting calm strength-impressions Trey expected his company, Soren Security Bodyguards, to give to its high-end clientele.

A commotion in the lobby caught his attention. He spied two camera crews mounting the steps. The elevator dinged and the doors opened. Literally saved by the bell, he ducked inside out of habit, though he didn't have to. The elevator's tall dimensions accommodated his Nordic ancestry, a benefit of having helped design the building.

He wanted to make his exit before a reporter cornered him. Not that he had any problem with public speaking or putting on the dog-and-pony show. It just didn't make his Top Ten list. Besides, his brother, Cade, had not only become the face of Soren Security, but with his electric-blue eyes, dusty blonde hair and easy smile, the cameras, not to mention the women, loved him.

"Mr. Soren, wait," a familiar voice called.

Trey's hand shot out to stop the elevator doors from closing. Mindy's straight blonde ponytail swished as she darted in, juggling a stack of binders.

"Thanks." She craned her neck to look up at him and smiled. "I need to go over talking points one last time before Cade and I meet with the press."

Trey nodded to the petite PR guru. "Did Cade mention we're holding off on releasing a statement this morning about our initial public offering?"

"I figured that when CNBC called me to confirm your brother's flight to New York for the in-studio interview. Congratulations, by the way." She beamed at him. "The four of you worked really hard for this."

A proud grin tugged his lips. Their company consisted of a collaboration between him, Cade, and their two cousins, Adam and Liam. "That happens when you have a support team like we do. Everybody did their part. Making Soren Security into a company worth people's investment is an achievement that belongs to all of us."

She whipped a pencil from behind her ear and scribbled sideways on a sheet of paper. "Nice quote. I'm using it."

Trey adjusted his cufflinks. "Have at it."

Mindy rattled off her talking-points itinerary. Sounds and details faded to the background. Trey fixated on the buttons lighting up overhead as they floated up floor by floor. Intrigued by the latest physical phenomenon, he wondered if his response would happen again-the tingle at the base of his scalp when he approached the fourth floor.

Devon Leigh's floor.

Instantly, Devon's you-know-you-want-to-kiss-me red lips came to mind. A hot ember of attraction sparked low in his gut.

Aside from being gorgeous, the woman was Mensa smart, quick with comebacks, and had a dry wit that always made him laugh. Plus, he was pretty sure she could hack the Pentagon's uber-secure network in less than five minutes. Not that they'd ever need that particular ability, but he liked knowing her impressive skill put her in an elite class, and she worked for him. Though she was serious and hardworking ninety-percent of the time, when she smiled, his world stopped spinning to hold on to the moment.

Trey wanted one thing: more of that smile. He wouldn't mind tasting it either, feeling the soft texture of her lips against his, the slick curl of her tongue when he slid inside her mouth-

"Mr. Soren?"

Trey snapped his attention to Mindy. "Yes."

"If you see Cade, will you tell him we need to meet before the press conference? I can't seem to get a hold of him."

"Sure. Good luck with the press."

Mindy scribbled another note on her paper as she exited and the doors closed. Then his phone vibrated in his suit pants pocket. He pulled up a text from Cade.

Problem. Conference room. Now.

Trey frowned. He wasn't giving up on his perfect day yet, or the chance of seeing Devon. Cade possessed a tendency toward the dramatic. Although, he rarely demanded a meeting without good reason.

The elevator dropped him off on the sixth floor. He strode toward the conference room centrally located between his and Cade's offices. A wall of windows framed a picturesque view of the Rocky Mountains surrounding the Denver skyline. Opposite the oval conference table, they'd decked out the space with a bar and pool table, things they used to blow off steam during eighteen-hour days. Plus the most comfortable couch in existence and a sixty-inch flat screen TV for times when they had to pull an all-nighter. Trey thought of the stocked bar again, and wondered if he'd need support from it by the end of this conversation.

He pushed through the double-doors and saw his brother's face. His stomach dropped. Tension pinched Cade's blue eyes, and a muscle ticked in his jaw.

Without one word exchanged, Trey suspected his perfect day now dangled by a thread. "What happened?"

Cade's shoulders formed rigid lines beneath his merino wool suit. "We've been hacked."

"What?"

Cade responded with a dismal nod. "Our routers are down. If the press try to access Wi-Fi in the building and can't connect, they may suspect a problem."

Trey's heart pounded. "What about Devon?"

"I just talked with her. Apparently this infiltration is eroding our main systems and shutting us down floor by floor. All of our sixth floor computers have already crashed."

The lights flickered and dimmed. Trey glanced up in horror. "What the hell?"

"Everything from our lights to our security cameras to our laptops is under siege."

"Has Devon found the source?"

Cade shrugged. "I assume she would've told me if she had."

"If anyone can fix this it's her."

"This has to be mitigated before it reaches the second floor. After all we've gone through in the past year getting this company cogent, it'll be career suicide if I have to explain to the press why our security company can't secure its own computer network."

Trey rubbed the back of his neck where ropes of tension knotted. "If any of our bodyguards' locations or clients' information leaks, we'll have more than the press and shareholders jumping down our throats. The litigation would bury us in days."

"I'm well aware." Cade's grim expression hit Trey hard.

Trey was the one who'd convinced his brother and two cousins to ditch the dangerous underworld as bounty hunters, including back-alley brawls, dodging bullets, and dragging in criminals. They'd sold their lucrative but life-threatening Las Vegas business for this posh, tame, corner-office gig. The transition hadn't been smooth, especially for Adam and Liam. He could take the boys out of the brawl, but couldn't take the brawl out of the boys. Trey needed his company to thrive, so there were no reasons or excuses for any of them to return to that old life. His brother sighed. "My immediate concern is keeping the lights on during the press conference I have to give in five minutes."

"Go," Trey said. "I'll handle this."

"I can cancel."

"That'll look more suspicious. The press corps is here, and Mindy's waiting for you. Devon and I will figure this out."

"Yeah, well, don't get in Devon's way, or she'll flatten you. That woman is fierce."

One of the many attributes that made her so valuable to him. "I'll handle her, too."

With a curious look, Cade gave him a two-finger salute. He straightened his tie, smoothed a hand down the front of his well-tailored suit, and left to face the press.

Trey went in search of Devon.

As he neared her fourth floor office, his steps slowed. The prickle at the base of his scalp returned. He found her door shut, but heard the constant click-clack speed-typing within. He raised two knuckles and knocked.

The click-clacking didn't pause a beat. "Go away. I'm fending off Armageddon."

"Good. That's why I hired you," Trey said as he entered despite her instruction.

Devon stopped typing and flicked him a glance. "I can't believe the bastard slipped past my firewalls."

Her frustration mirrored his. "You couldn't have predicted this."

"Do you know how many years of education and trial and error it took me to be able to construct the impenetrable?"

From everything he'd seen while working with her the past year, he knew she possessed a rare talent in her field. "Enlighten me."

"Thirteen. This guy is good. Damn good. I have to figure out where he's coming from. Why he's doing this."

"How do you know it's a he?"

Devon spread her arms. "I'm a woman in a man's field, Trey, I've been outnumbered from day one. Trust me, it's a guy. One who has something to prove, considering I haven't cracked his code yet. It's like he's expecting applause for beating me at my own game."

"The lights are out on the sixth floor."

"Are you serious?" She huffed. "Now he's really pissing me off." She stepped out from behind her desk carrying a pile of sticky notes covered with short nonsensical phrases couched between parentheses. "Hold these."

She dumped the stack on him and went to her wall of whiteboards. He was Devon's CEO and one of the owners of a billion dollar company. Apparently, his status didn't matter to her. She'd reduced him to her glorified assistant. Fortunately for her, she was the only person in the building who could counteract the looming disaster that threatened to shut his company's doors. He'd shine her shoes if she asked. She probably knew it, too.

"He obviously scoped out my barricades in advance," she said, using an eraser to wipe a section of the whiteboard clean. "This doesn't have the feel of a corporate hacker fishing for intel. What is he after?"

Trey didn't respond. He didn't have the answer and he figured she just needed a sounding board to think out loud. She did that often with him. Often enough to make him wonder if maybe he wasn't imagining this connection between them. The ember in his gut burned hotter.

While she made hieroglyphic marks on the whiteboard, he took the unguarded opportunity to let his gaze roam over her body, from her sleek dark hair that fell to her shoulders to her slim waist and down to her gorgeous legs.

Thank God for skirt suits. That's all she wore to the office, usually in bland colors like black, brown or beige, nothing to detract from those bright red lips. The lace fringe of a white camisole usually peeked out from the V of her lapels. Probably not an attention-grabber for most, but that hint of lace taunted Trey like a while flag of surrender just out of reach. Damn but he wanted to play capture the flag with her.

The knot of lust pulled tighter. He gave his head a quick shake and blew out a controlled breath. His company was in serious trouble and he needed to remain focused on that, not Devon's sexy mouth and body.

Trey's phone buzzed. Grateful for the distraction, he retrieved it from his pocket. A text message flashed from Isaac Atlas, Director of International Sales, a long-time family friend and newest recruit from their hometown of Vegas. He skimmed the text.

Fifth floor computers down. Losing power. Something I should know about?

Trey shoved Devon's sticky notes into his suit coat pocket so he could use both thumbs to reply quickly. Keep your people calm. Tell them routine maintenance. Will fill you in asap.

He received Issac's swift reply. Cool. Time for another round of Office Olympics. Gotta keep my chair race high score. Ignore thumps and crashes.

Done, Trey texted back. What he'd told Mindy in the elevator was true . Guys like Isaac, who'd brought his sales experience here after selling his motorcycle dealership in Vegas, reinforced how fortunate the four of them were. He and Cade and their cousins couldn't have stepped into his new, safer, cleaner world of corporate America without these people. Trey owed them all a huge debt of gratitude and the promise that their jobs and careers were locked in stone. Some obnoxious hacker was not going to destroy his achievement with the click of a mouse.

Slipping the cell phone into his pocket, he said, "Devon, we've lost the fifth floor."

She whirled around, her eyes wide. "It's picking up momentum, moving through the network faster."

"If this thing compromises the third floor, I'm pulling the plug."

"Only as a last resort." Her eyes pleaded with him.

"This needs to stop before it reaches the second floor. We go dark during the press conference, and we can kiss our flawless reputation goodbye."

"I won't let that happen," she vowed, her determination as unwavering as his. "But if all the servers go down, it'll take me at least a week to restore data from the past few days to everyone in-house. It's bad enough all work from today has been wiped."

"Isn't there some kind of back-up device?"

She bristled. "You think I'm a rookie?"

"I know you run a tight ship, but I'm not familiar with the ins and outs of IT protocol."

"Hang around with the nerds for a few days and I'll give you the whole geek-ified tour." Her tone implied he hadn't invested time or resources in her department. They may not have passed the budget proposal she submitted months ago, but he'd sat in several times when she gave presentations to her team, which always impressed him. Then again, he should be more informed to give her better assistance in a situation like the one they faced. Nothing like hindsight, he thought scowling. "Never mind, we'll be swamped for days," she added with a touch of misery. "You can get your geek on after I handle this meltdown."

He planned to take her up on that offer, but right now he needed firm assurance. "So there is a backup."

She rolled her eyes. "Yes, we have an off-site server housed a few blocks from here. But it's a huge pain to reset everything when our servers go down."

A muscle ticked in his jaw. He gave Devon a lot of leeway because he trusted and believed in her. But if she rolled her eyes at him again, they were going to have words. This was his business and his family's future on the line. His voice came out harsh. "I don't care what you have to do. Just make it work."

"That's what I've been doing-before you barged in here and pestered me to death."

He crossed his arms, more amused than irritated. "Within an inch of your life, I see."

She exhaled. "I tend to exaggerate when I'm stressed."

"Where are your minions?" Typically they flocked around her, hanging on her every word, following her around like enamored puppies.

"In their cubicles working their fingers to nubs helping me locate the source code for this beast."

"Hacking the hacker?"

She sent him a saucy grin. "That's how we roll."

The tingle at his scalp zipped down his spine and intensified below his belt. Despite the urgency surrounding them, he wanted to tilt her head up and seal his mouth over those gorgeous red lips.

Another buzz on his phone interrupted his unprofessional thoughts. The text came via his marketing director-on the third floor. My computer 's blank. Can't get my screen up. Tried IT. No answer.

Trey launched into action. He stole the dry-erase marker out of Devon's hand, pitched it toward her desk and grabbed her waist. "We're shutting this down."

"Wait-"

"Now." He scooped her up and out the door before she protested further. She moved toward the elevator. He veered her in the opposite direction. "We're taking the stairs. I'm not gambling the operational status of the elevator with the fate of our company."

Her demeanor became resolute. "Got it."

Kicking off her heels, she picked them up and flew down the steps ahead of him. Hastening his strides, he caught up to her. Resting his hand solidly on her back, he flung open the basement door followed by the door to the server room, and ushered her inside with him.

The first thing he noticed about this unfamiliar room was the loud drone of equipment fans. Air-conditioning pumped constantly, cooling the temperature-the vibration hum of static electricity and the stale chill scent of free-on cooling the space at a constant set temperature.

The sounds quickly became white noise. Then he noticed rainbow splashes of color running like rivers from the server cables. Blue, purple and green. Then yellow, orange and red.

He scanned the loud, crowded space, completely out of his element, though he berated himself for not paying more attention to all the things that functioned under his watch. "Where do we start?"

"Third floor. This row." She dropped her shoes and trailed her fingertips along the metal mesh backs of the server racks. "We have to contain the virus here before it creeps through and attains second-floor access."

With a quick, thorough scan, he took in the room and its components stacked floor-to-ceiling. On the way, he noticed a section of the wall where plugs fused with huge sockets meant to handle massive flows of electricity. "Is that the ultimate off switch?"

"If I say yes, do you promise not to use it?"

"Nope."

"I was afraid of that." She let out a distressed sigh. "Please, Trey. That is our absolute last resort. You have no idea how long it takes-"

"I'll make that call. Fix what you can before I have to."

"I will, but I need your height."

His height? "Why?"

"We need to investigate the condition of the servers. The racks down this aisle cover the top three floors."

"What am I looking for?"

"Green lights are good. Flashing yellow or red lights and we have problems. You take the top, I'll take the bottom."

If only they were in his bed right now and not fending off a pending disaster. Smart, sassy and incredibly sexy, he'd love to have her under him any day, any time, any place.

Thirty seconds later, he paused as a series of red lights flashed in his face. "Devon."

She came to his side. "Did you find something?"

He pointed to the highest server on the rack. "You tell me."

She stood on tiptoe and craned her neck. "I don't see-"

Without stopping to think, he slid his arms around her waist and hoisted her so she was eye-level with the top server. If the situation wasn't so dire, he'd revel in the feel of her in his arms, her slim body pressed against him.

"Now?" he asked.

With an audible gulp, she stated, "Pull the plug, Trey."

He slid her down his height until her toes touched the floor, and then darted to the knot of plugs at the end of the row. Wrapping them in his fist, he gave a hard yank. The servers went dead, their loud hum silenced.

He breathed a sigh of relief, and the tension tightening his chest eased a fraction. He glanced at Devon who rubbed her temples. She looked close to tears, although her tough-as-nails persona would probably never allow her to admit it.

The corners of her eyes pinched with a strain he could almost feel. "Now there's no way I'll meet the deadline for the software update release this week." She dropped her hands. "This is why I need better equipment and more staff."

He nodded in total agreement. He opened his mouth to tell her that he and Cade intended to pass her budget.

Before he could, she launched into a verbal tirade. "You know, you people want to snap your fingers and poof. Presto. IT perfection."

He frowned and shook his head. "That's not-"

"Well it doesn't work like that. Without the budget increase I asked from you and your chiefs months ago, I can't pull miracles out of thin air."

He wished she'd let him finish a sentence. "Actually, I don't expect-"

She took a step closer and pressed a finger against the front of his chest. "I refuse to take blame for sloppy work when my team and I are stretched so thin we have to water down the coffee. Have you ever seen an entire tech department on caffeine withdrawal? Not pretty."

Her eyes had grown impossibly dark as her temper heated. Her chest rose and fell, and that tempting scrap of lace between the lapels of her jacket drew his attention to her breasts. Struggling to remain focused, he said, "Devon, we-"

"I've waited six months!" she interrupted again, punctuating her point with another jab to his chest.

He swore if she didn't calm down and let him speak, he'd put her sexy mouth to better use. "We plan to pass your-"

She took another step forward. "I'm so stressed out I could-"

His patience snapped. Without thinking, without worry about the consequences, he slid his fingers into her hair and captured her lips.

Chapter 2

Pure shock radiated through Devon's limbs.

Frozen in place, her hands opened and closed on air. The attraction that always sparked to life around Trey quickly burst into flames of desire.

A compulsive thrill scattered across her nerve-endings. She hadn't seen this coming, but she liked what she saw-and felt.

Swept away by the suddenness and the instant chemistry sizzling between them, she leaned in and kissed him back.

His lips were warm, soft, searching. They parted slightly, then closed on hers again. A tiny moan escaped her throat. He angled her face, his mouth firmer, more insistent. His breathing turned choppy. When he exhaled through his nose, she felt his hot breath against her cheek.

Too hot.

Too close.

Too much.

Breaking the kiss, she turned her face away. This was insanity. A catastrophic mistake. One she couldn't let happen again, even if she'd loved every second. Business and pleasure didn't mix, and she had the track record to prove it.

He released her and drew back, but not far.

She stared at him. Her words evaporated like raindrops in the desert.

Trey was tall, dark, and beyond gorgeous. He was also distracting and tempting. She glanced at his mouth. He might be her boss, but she'd fantasized about having his lips on hers, and the reality had been way better than she'd imagined. God, the man could kiss, and she wondered how well he'd deliver on her other fantasies...

"I-" She pulled her desire-intoxicated thoughts out of the gutter. "Why did you do that?"

"You wouldn't stop talking long enough for me to tell you Cade and I agreed to pass your IT budget. Adam and Liam won't be far behind."

"Oh. That's good." She licked her lips. "Kind of an unconventional way to shut someone up."

"I like to think outside the box." An insanely sexy grin tugged at the corner of his mouth.

She had no idea what to say. Kiss me again crossed her mind. The flames of desire he'd stoked still licked inside her.

"I probably shouldn't have done that," he murmured without a trace of apology in his tone or expression.

"I probably shouldn't have liked it." Her cheeks heated. "Did I say that out loud?"

Dark eyes glittering, he cupped her chin. "I appreciate spontaneity in a woman."

His head lowered and he pressed his lips to hers again. She put her hands against his chest, knowing she should stop this, but ended up curling her fingers around his lapels. It had been so long since she'd felt wanted, desired. The sensation wrapped around her along with his arms, and she melted into his strength, ceding to this powerful attraction and undeniable chemistry.

This time he sought entrance beyond the barrier of her teeth. Thoughts of refusal turned to ash. He licked her upper lip. Hesitantly, she parted for him. The silken touch of his tongue sent sparks of lust shooting through her veins.

"Miss Leigh?" someone called from the doorway.

Devon sprang away from Trey. She grabbed her heels and hopped as she slid them on her feet. Using the back of her hand to blot her lips, she stepped out from the row of servers. "I'm here," she said unsteadily.

"I think I've found the hacker's source code, and I'm running a search." Zander Atkins tugged at the sleeves of his oversized shirt that made his thin body look concave. He pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose. "Are you all right, Miss Leigh?" he asked with a slight lisp.

"Fine." She raked a hand through her hair. "No, actually, I'm not fine." She admitted defeat. "We had to pull the plug on the servers to stop the virus from spreading."

"Unavoidable," Trey said, stepping out from the row of servers to stand beside her.

"Oh. Hi, Mr. Soren." He scratched his ear, where his hair hung in untrimmed layers. "Looks like the team has some long hours ahead."

"I'm not happy with this outcome, either," she assured. "I'll be making plenty of Starbucks runs, I promise."

She'd mentioned her team's caffeine withdrawal to Trey earlier just to get his attention. She would never let anyone who worked for her suffer, in any way.

Zander nodded and sent her a shy smile. "Sounds okay to me."

Her team was extraordinary. She realized she hadn't told them that enough lately. She had nothing without their effort and dedication. Is that how Trey felt now, knowing she was all that stood between his reputation and a shallow hacker?

Their kiss was probably his response to a shocking situation. She shouldn't read into it. Besides, more important things loomed.

She offered the young, dedicated man on her team a grateful look. "I appreciate all your help, Zander."

"Anything for you, Miss Leigh." He blinked twice, flushed, and left her in the server room. Alone with Trey.

As far as bosses went, she liked Trey immensely. He gave her equal amounts of freedom and support, and that was rare. Unlike Logan Stone, who'd needed to know and control every detail before he approved her management decisions, Trey gave her his blessing and let her results speak for themselves. While he left no doubt that he was the ringmaster, the one in ultimate control, he gave her a wide circle to perform whatever technological acrobatics she believed best benefited the company.

But with one incredible kiss, he'd knocked her equilibrium off-balance. Not that she was complaining...she just had no idea where she stood on the line between personal and professional interaction. She didn't know what to think. And this was not the time to have her thoughts scattered to the wind.

"Devon-"

She held up a hand to stop him from speaking. About their kiss. About the server catastrophe. About how unsteady she felt even as she savored the remnants of his taste. About anything she had no solid answers to give. She needed to gather herself and deal with this very serious breach. "Later, Trey. Right now there are four back-up servers calling my name. They're cranky about this whole thing and so am I."

"Sure. Do what you have to do. We'll set up a meeting for tomorrow. I want to know your thoughts on all of this."

Them or the hacker? The hacker, she'd figure out-years of experience would see to it. But them? There couldn't be a "them," even if her body ached for more of his touch. She worked for him and his family, and besides, she had plans that didn't involve a relationship or staying in Denver. She glanced at his lips. Oh, but she'd love another taste of his skillful mouth.

"I'll keep you posted," she said, then exited in a rush, lost as to how he'd unplugged the rational part of her brain along with three floors of servers.

*

The next day, Trey stood at the head of the oval table in their sixth floor conference room. Fortunately, the press conference had gone well. But things were far from back to normal.

"Our business is security," he stated. "If we promise that to our customers physically, with bodyguards, we'd better provide that same level of protection to their confidential information as well as to our own assets. I vote we give Devon's IT department the five hundred thousand she requested months ago. A small price to pay, considering the alternative."

Cade nodded. Trey couldn't read Adam or Liam's expressions. His cousins hadn't been there to suffer the nerve-racking stress.

"We can't afford technical breaches damaging what we've worked so hard for. The cost is nothing compared to what we'll lose if we don't take enhanced security measures."

"Agreed," Cade said, still looking weary from yesterday's near-meltdown.

Liam lifted a shoulder. "I guess."

Adam gave Trey the stink-eye and crossed his arms. "No."

Suppressing the urge to shake sense into his obstinate, cynical cousin, Trey forced himself to stay calm. They weren't badass bounty hunters anymore who used their fists to solve disputes. "Why's that?"

"We've been bleeding money left and right since we bought this thing last year. It's stupid. We never dealt with overhead bullshit in the bounty hunter business."

"And we haven't sent anyone working for us to the hospital or the morgue, either," Trey replied coolly. He refused to bury another family member or employee.

Adam's biceps tightened beneath his leather jacket. "Our guys knew the risks-part of the deal in our line of work."

Trey looked at him levelly. "Not anymore."

"I noticed," Adam grumbled. "Now we stuff ourselves into suits and sit on our asses all day."

The only one in a suit was Trey. Cade wore tailored gray pinstripe pants and a matching vest over his button-down. Liam wore holey jeans a t-shirt that said Save a Horse, Ride a Cowboy. Adam had on his usual black jeans, black shirt and black leather coat despite the eighty-degree July weather. And none of them had been sitting on their asses for the past twenty-four hours. "I never enforced a dress code, though to look at you maybe I should. I've also never heard you whine about your limitless credit card or the balance in your bank account."

"I don't care about the money," Adam snapped.

"Isn't that why you're voting no?"

Adam set his fists on the conference table. "If Devon couldn't prevent this shit-storm in the first place, why should we give her half-a-mil?"

"Adam has a point." Liam nodded, infuriating Trey. Didn't his cousins understand that five hundred thousand was nothing compared to the billions they had on the line?

"Why aren't you guys getting it?" Cade exploded. "This is now a publically traded company. We not only have customers and employees we're responsible for, we also have shareholders with financial expectations tied to our success."

Trey stepped in to support Cade's defense, addressing his cousins. "Do you two have any idea how much we're worth?"

Liam shrugged. Adam yawned.

"By the end of this year, the Wall Street Journal has estimated our net worth at a billion dollars."

"Christ." Liam's eyes bulged. "How many zeroes is that?"

"More than we ever would've seen in three lifetimes as bounty hunters," Cade retorted.

"It puts us in league with the big boys," Trey stated. "We're not a mom-and-pop shop in a strip mall. This is serious business, and we need to get serious about our security. We start by giving Devon's IT proposal the green light."

Adam tilted his head at a cocky angle. "I still say no."

Trey weighed his options and came to a decision. "I'll arm wrestle you. I win, Devon gets her money."

"Deal," Adam said with a gleam in his eye.

"Seriously? Honest to God." Cade threw up his hands. "You have my vote, Trey. I'm out of here." He shoved his chair back from the conference table and strode from the room.

Liam sat forward and grinned. "I'm staying."

Like Cade, Trey was over the need to equate brute force with success. When he pulled his family out of Las Vegas and the reckless lifestyle of bounty hunting, he knew Adam would require the longest adjustment period.

Adam needed a physical challenge. Trey was giving him that.

"Not here." Trey motioned across the room to the square cafe table with four high-backed chairs beside the pool table.

Removing his suit jacket on the way, he tossed it on the back of one chair. He propped his elbow on the table, positioning his arm at a forty-five degree angle. Adam clasped his hand.

The ridiculous battle began. Trey held firm instead of accelerating his strength when Adam's bicep bulged. They were well matched, Trey's height and strength competing against Adam's weight-lifter physique and aggression. However, Trey held one advantage. The key to winning an arm-wrestling match wasn't brute force but persistence. Although Adam had stubbornness down to a science, he lacked the patience.

After two minutes, they were still dead even at the center of the table. Adam glared at him. "I should kick your ass for sending me and Liam to that stupid class."

"It's good for business."

"Making me die of boredom is an asset?"

"I consider that an improvement."

Adam's nostrils flared. "The leader went into all kinds of touchy-feely garbage. How to bring out the best in your employees," he said in a mocking voice. "Identifying your B.S.F.U. personality traits."

Liam interpreted Adam's acronym aloud. "Bull Shit Fuck You. I like it."

"D.I.S.C. is a highly respected management tool." Trey tightened his jaw. "Better than being on the streets risking your L.I.F.E."

Adam rolled his eyes. "Whatever. I'd rather rip my fingernails out with rusty pliers than do that crap for an entire week. Or make a living at it."

A surge of power went through Trey's forearm, angling Adam's hand downward. "Tell me you learned something, so I can say the ten grand was worth it."

Adam scoffed. "You're an idiot. I could've gone to a Vegas whorehouse and learned more about business smarts, team work, and how to handle people's personality differences. At least I would've gotten laid."

Trey spoke through clenched teeth. "That was the only professional development seminar that didn't require books or reading and writing."

"I haven't sat behind a desk since high school. There's a reason I dropped out at fifteen," Adam warned.

"I know." Trey channeled his frustration with Adam into overcoming his cousin's resistance. Their locked hands swayed back and forth over the table's centerline.

"Then what the hell am I doing here, Trey?" Angry red streaks crested Adam's cheeks. "I've never worked in a damn office building. I don't care about this place. I don't want to be here."

"I know that, too," Trey muttered. "But this is where you are. Get used to it."

"Don't think so."

"You'll find your place."

"Not going to happen."

"Maybe not today." Trey ended the match by slamming the back of Adam's hand onto the hard surface of the table.

Adam leaped off the chair and cursed, massaging his knuckles. "You're a dick."

"Devon gets her money."

He glared at Trey. "This isn't over."

"We'll talk later."

Stone-faced and silent, Adam stalked out of the conference room. Sorens were notoriously bad losers. Their Viking blood refused to tolerate failure.

Trey nodded at Liam. "Go do some damage control."

"You got it." Liam followed after his brother.

The two brothers were tight, closer than Adam and Trey had ever been, or ever would be, for a lot of reasons. Although Trey was only six months older than Adam, they were worlds apart in personality and attitude. Trey needed calm and balance and consistent planning to stay grounded, unlike Adam who thrived in conflict and aggression and chaos. Adam had used those things as outlets to ignore the deeper issues that stemmed from his struggle since childhood with dyslexia.

The death of Adam and Liam's father when they were in their teens had cemented Adam's heart in a block of concrete. Trey, instead, took his own father's more recent death five years ago as a catalyst for change.

Adam didn't buy into change as a positive thing. In fact, his idea of settling into a new city was befriending the local motorcycle gangs. Not the type of people Trey wanted associated with their new aboveboard reputation. Adam had deep ties and attachments to the old way of doing things. He'd fought Trey on this move from the start, as though if he accepted this new business he was betraying the legacy of his father and their family's bounty hunter roots.

Regardless of their personal differences, Trey believed Adam would eventually settle in and discover his niche at the company-kicking and screaming all the way, but he would find it. They weren't going back to their old lives. The sooner Adam accepted that fact, the better off they'd all be.

Within two hours, the whole building seemed to know what went down in the conference room. Isaac and his fifth-floor sales team already started a bidding war on who'd win the next match. Not exactly the morale-boosting, team-building exercises Trey had envisioned for his company. Though the win earned him a few hearty slaps on the back from his managers. No doubt they wanted their proposals passed, too.

Employees he recognized but never spoke to directly started coming up to him in the hall or cafeteria, smiling or making small talk. As the gossip mill continued churning all afternoon, he noticed the incident had suddenly made him more approachable, something he'd tried to prompt in the past, but never achieved to the extent he'd wanted.

Meanwhile, Adam stewed and sulked behind his closed office door. Trey wondered if he'd heard about the attention their stunt received. He didn't want this to be about who won or lost. Somehow, he had to explain that to his hot-headed cousin.

At the end of the day, Trey knocked on Adam's door. After the third knock, he tried the handle. The door was unlocked. He walked in to find the office empty. The disappearing act didn't bode well for future dealings when he needed his cousin on his side. Adam was family, and Trey genuinely wanted his cousin to do well and build a good life here. It would devastate Trey if Adam picked up, headed back to Las Vegas, and rejoined the treacherous underworld that would eventually get him killed.

Early the next morning, Trey looked up from his desk to see Devon breezing through his doorway.

She came to his desk and fanned her face with one hand, batting her eyelashes. "Well, I do declare, what's this I hear about you redeeming my fragile reputation in a mighty duel?" she asked with a southern belle accent.

Trey failed to staunch a grin. "Ma'am, it was my duty to defend your honor at all costs. A man does what he has to for the sake of a lady."

She dropped the act, setting her hands on her hips. "When I submit a budget proposal in the future, should I expect boulder tossing and pissing contests? Or was this a one-time thing?"

"Remains to be seen. Adam is...Adam." He sighed.

"He needs six weeks of boot camp. That'll get his attention. It worked for me and my smart mouth." Her teeth tugged at her glossy lower lip. "Well, mostly."

"Considering Adam's issues with authority, he'd get kicked out on day one."

"What's his problem?"

"Do you have three hours?"

"No, and neither do you. I want to show you something." She paused, staring past his shoulder at the floor. "Is that your girlfriend's yoga mat?"

He noticed the frosty nip in her voice and experienced a wave of satisfaction. Especially since she'd shown zero sign of being affected by his kiss the day before, which had bothered him. He wanted some sort of response. He wanted her affected. Damn it, he wanted her period. Her kisses, her throaty moans, her smile and humor. He didn't care that she worked for him. He wanted to explore a relationship with her, and taste more of her kisses. "No girlfriend. The mat's mine."

Her expression relaxed. "Really?"

"Yoga is an intense workout for the mind and body." Not that he'd had much time to devote to the practice lately. Another reason he'd stooped to arm wrestling Adam. Trey needed intense physical outlets, too. He just didn't resort to the ones Adam preferred. Except maybe sex. That hadn't happened lately either.

He could remedy that with one phone call to his willing ex-fiance, but he had severed those addictive ties to Jenna geographically and emotionally when he'd moved away from the life he'd purposely left behind. Jenna was as unhealthy to his peace of mind as bounty hunting. Manipulative and conniving, she'd steered him in the wrong direction one too many times. Six months ago, he'd called her anyway and chartered a private jet to Vegas. That night, she'd tried to rope him into another one of her schemes. The next day, he'd fiercely regretted his lapse of judgment. He'd left her bed less satisfied than if he'd maintained his celibacy. He hadn't told anyone about his secret excursion, not even Cade. His brother had always accused him of being self-destructive when it came to the women he chose, and he hadn't wanted to see the accusation in Cade's eyes.

Devon glanced at the yoga mat again. "I'm not into stretching and contortion. If I'm going to sweat, I'd rather be active and moving around."

He glanced at her gorgeous legs and imagined ways they could move around together on his bed.

"Anyway, when you see what I have to show you, I think you'll find it interesting," she said.

"Okay." His gaze strayed to her lips.

"Are you coming or not?" she asked.

I'd love to, what are you doing for the next forty-five minutes? Instead, he answered, "Right behind you."

They rode the elevator to the fourth floor and Devon led him to her office. The marker scrawls covering her whiteboards looked like a roadmap of hell.

For a minute, he almost felt guilty for pulling the plug. But he definitely didn't regret what happened after. Kissing Devon had awakened his lust, and he knew his intense attraction to her wasn't going to fade anytime soon. Devon was brilliant, classy, and completely different from any woman he'd ever dated. Which made him want her even more. He wanted something positive and permanent in his life for a change. An amazing woman to share his success with, who understood and appreciated how hard he worked to make a better life for his family. Something beyond mere lust.

"Hey, eyes up here, pal."

Slowly, he lifted his gaze to lock with hers. "Sorry. Your mouth is distracting."

"Thank you." She shot him a grin that quickly turned into a frown. "But we're not here to talk about that kiss."

"Which one?"

"Both. Neither." She threw up her arms. "Stop distracting me."

"Now you understand my predicament."

Devon grew serious. "We do have a predicament. Or...I do."

That gave him pause. "Explain."

She gestured for him to stand beside her at her keyboard. "Better if I show you than try to explain it without context."

He slid in behind her, leaving less than an inch of space separating their bodies. She smelled delicious, and he loved when she wore her hair swept up in a tight twist. The slender arc of her neck tempted him. New jewelry blocked his view or would bar him from lifting his hand and tracing the delicate curve from her neck to her shoulder.

She bent over her keyboard and entered several keystrokes. "One of my guys isolated a bizarre string of sequences in the hacker's code."

A window popped up on her screen, white text against a black background. "Bizarre, how?"

"It forms a riddle, sort of a code within a code. It's something I've rarely seen. This guy has mad skill."

If she meant "mad" as in "talented psycho," he was inclined to agree.

When she pressed the Enter key, an image flooded the screen. A pixilated picture of a black flag with a skull-and-crossbones motif.

She explained, "There was a guy I met a few years back at a tech convention called DEFCON. Ground zero for the best, elite hackers and programmers in the world. Well, I didn't meet him, exactly. He hooked up with our group remotely, and together we executed a brilliant hacking strategy that won our team a lucrative military contract." She swallowed. "He went by the name of Captain Jack."

He blinked. "I don't get it."

"Captain Jack Sparrow, from the Pirates of the Caribbean movies."

"A pirate. Great." He scowled. "What does this pirate want with you?"

"That's the thing. I don't know." She hugged her waist. "I'm not sure I want to know. Except he went to a whole lot of trouble to track me down and get my attention."

"So it's is personal." Trey's hackles rose and his jaw clenched. Some super nerd had invaded his company, turned his tech department into a war zone, and put Devon in a vulnerable position at the center of his raid. Trey needed to know one thing. "Is this guy dangerous?"

She shrugged. "Do I think he'll come after me with an oozie? No, not likely. But that doesn't mean he isn't capable of inflicting serious damage." She paused then gave a decisive nod. "I know what I need to do."

Waves of tension traveled over his tight muscles. "I'm listening."

"I need to redirect his attention away from the company. I'm planning to set up an interaction with him on my own, at my house, to put his attention on me, not Soren Security."

"A sting."

"Basically, yes."

"I don't like this," Trey said darkly. He slashed his hand through the air. "No. Forget it."

She stared at him as if "no" was a foul word. "Excuse me?"

"I won't let you take unnecessary risks."

Her eyes snapped with challenge. "Who are you to forbid me to do anything?"

"I'm your boss. The guy who signs your paychecks. The man responsible for your safety."

"My safety? Since when?"

Since I started falling for you the day we met. "This is a work-related issue ," he insisted. "If this guy wants to mess with me and my company, I'll bring the fight to him. Right beside you."

"Trey, I can handle this."

"I'm sure you can. But you're not doing it alone."

She crossed her arms. "Okay, I'll have one of my guys sit in on the exchange."

"No. It's my company. I want to be there."

She blinked. "The whole time?"

"As long as it takes."

Suspicion clouded her eyes as she peered at him. "This is way beneath your pay grade and job description."

"As an owner of the company, my job description is whatever I make it. I'm overseeing your sting. Don't fight me on this. You won't win." But he would. And while he had her alone, he'd find a way to convince her that the two of them had something between them. Something that deserved exploring.

"Fine. God, you're stubborn." The icy glare she sent him could freeze lava.

He didn't care.

What she'd proposed could go from innocent to dangerous within a few lines of code. This hacker-stalker had crossed a serious line. If the guy went this far to get Devon's attention, no telling what other ethical or moral lines he'd cross if he caught Devon alone and defenseless.

Trey operated a bodyguard business-he could sure as hell protect her himself. He'd failed to save his dad. He wouldn't fail a second time to defend someone who needed him.

He glanced at his watch. "When should I be at your place?"

"Whoa, easy there tiger. This kind of thing takes time."

"The sooner we drag him out of his geek hole and into the open, the better."

She rubbed her temples. "I guess I could have my home system ready to trace him by tomorrow night."

"Do you need tomorrow off? Consider it done."

She set her hands on her hips. "I'm up to my eyeballs in support tickets that need to be addressed before the weekend. A Friday off isn't happening anytime soon."

"Let me know if you need my help." Protective concern clenched in his gut. "I mean it. Anything." He stroked her cheek with his thumb.

"I can handle myself," she murmured, her gaze softening at his touch. When she leaned in, he couldn't resist tracing the edge of her lower lip with his thumb. Her breath quickened. Her lips parted. He edged closer, needing to taste her, needing to-

She froze, blinked, and retreated. With regret, Trey let his hand fall to his side. "I'll see you tomorrow night, then."

"Sure." She lifted a shoulder as if she didn't care one way or another.

He wondered why she pretended their mutual attraction didn't ping-pong in the air between them whenever they were in a room together. The way she couldn't meet his eyes was a dead giveaway. For a woman so in control, she wore her emotions surprisingly close to the surface. At least around him. From the looks of it, maybe he had affected her. The notion gave him a shot of encouragement. Being in close quarters at her house all evening on a Friday night resembled a date. Maybe the closest he'd get to one without asking her and giving her the chance refuse him.

When it came to Devon, he wouldn't be denied.

*

Devon cringed as sticky little hands clung to her skirt.

"Up! Up!" Sammy hollered with a popsicle-stained grin.

Devon scooped up her friend Allison's baby boy, who patted her cheeks and blew her a kiss. She melted under his innocent charm. "If you're trying to win me over, kiddo, you already succeeded. The day you were born."

"Hang on, Devon. I'll be right there," Allison promised from across the kitchen, then continued her distracted phone call with a caterer.

Devon carried Sammy from the kitchen to the sprawling great room. She glanced at the toys scattered on the floor, wondering what to do with him. She'd been an only child and had few interactions with small children. She was terrified that if she accidentally dropped him, he'd break.

Bouncing Sammy against her hip, she went to the two-story windows that overlooked the Stone family's beautifully manicured acreage. Their new in-ground pool was nearly complete, just in time for the hottest days of summer. She pointed at the birds winging from branch to branch in the Japanese maple tree. "Can you say Blue Jay?"

"Boo. Boo-da. Boo-day," he mimicked.

"Not bad." She tapped his nose and smiled. She couldn't believe he'd turned a year old already. He was getting big, she realized, shifting his weight to her other hip. "Who said you could grow up so fast?"

He babbled and squirmed, so she took a seat on the large wrap-around couch at the center of the room. She perched him on her knee.

That lasted about three seconds.

Sammy squirmed and squealed. Devon gave up her attempt to hold him still. The second his toes touched the floor he was off and running like a miniature daredevil.

Allison ended her call and intercepted Sammy before he reached Devon's purse in the foyer. "Sorry about that. Next weekend is Logan's birthday, and I've been trying to work out the menu and delivery time with the caterer."

"You could always bake a pie." Devon grinned, recalling her friend's Thanksgiving blunder that nearly ended in a call to the fire department. "Just make sure Sammy's out of the house first."

"Thanks." Allison narrowed her eyes. "You're all heart."

"Just trying to help."

"Yeah, right." Allison cracked a smile. She plopped Sammy down on the floor, sat cross-legged beside him, and handed him plastic shapes to fit into a box with matching holes. "I haven't seen you in ages, I'm glad you came by. You said you have news."

"So did you."

"You go first," Allison insisted. "I need a few minutes to collect my scattered brain cells. Maybe then I can have a coherent adult conversation."

When Sammy tossed several plastic shapes across the room and then crawled around to retrieve them, Devon snorted. "Never a dull moment."

"Not a single one. Though I do miss them occasionally." Allison gave her a verbal nudge. "So?"

"Well, the opportunity came out of the blue," Devon admitted. "A recruiter called me several months ago, wondering if I'd be interested in a position at ActionNet. It's a well-respected company that produces some of the most popular online PvP games in the industry."

"Explain in non-tech speak, please." Allison followed Sammy to another spot on the floor and helped him stack alphabet blocks.

"Player versus player, involving elaborate gaming scenarios. They have a position open for Director of Development. It's a little out of my realm of experience, but they said they've been interested in my career and skill set for some time. They want me to join their company."

"That's exciting." Allison sat forward. "What did you tell them?"

"I had an initial interview three weeks ago, and it went well." Maybe well was an understatement. She'd nailed the interview, had great rapport with both owners, and the opportunity seemed too good to pass up. They'd all but offered her the position, and she believed they would make the offer concrete when she met with them again. "They called me to set up a second interview sometime in the next week or so, but I've been so crazy with the servers going down, I didn't have a chance to check my schedule and set a firm date to meet with them."

"Does Trey Soren know about this?"

Devon shook her head. "No, I didn't mention anything to him, and I realize Soren Security needs me." More than ever since the hacker struck. "Lately, though, I've had this itch to leave the corporate world. I'm thirty-three. I've busted my butt for ten years, living and breathing my work. Part of me is desperate to slow down, to reconsider where I see myself in the future."

Allison cocked her head. "Your version of slowing down is multitasking ten things instead of twenty. You thrive when things are hectic."

"I know," Devon admitted. "But it would be nice to infuse more creativity into my work. To have a say in products that go directly to consumers who have the same interests as I do. Compare that to the work I do now, completely behind the scenes where nobody understands or realizes how I impact their world."

"Makes sense. I can see the appeal."

"I want to be part of something people actually enjoy. Sure, I love the challenge of this job, but it gets tedious after a while. I want a little more fun and a little less stress."

Allison grinned. "You could try dating. That'll give you more excitement."

Devon crossed her arms. "Considering what happened last time, I think I'll pass."

"You deserve to find happiness in a good relationship," Allison encouraged gently. "One recent bad experience can't take you off the market forever."

"Not forever. Just for now."

"You've been saying that for over a year."

Devon retreated behind defensiveness. "It's amazing how going on an innocent date with a man who tells you everything you want to hear-then drugs you and ties you up in the back of a van-shatters your faith."

"I'm so sorry, Devon." Allison's expression of guilt and pain struck Devon through the heart. Allison didn't deserve any blame. She couldn't have known her psychotic ex-husband would use Devon to get to her. Trevor had blindsided them both with his cruelty and obsession with Allison. "I guess I feel responsible for what happened. I'm also your friend, and I want so much for you to find what I've found with Logan."

"Talking about me again?" Logan asked as he strolled from the hallway into the cavernous room. His light brown eyes glinted with amusement. Droplets from his damp hair dripped onto his white t-shirt. A towel draped around his hips.

Devon shook her head, amused rather than embarrassed, because Logan was like a big brother to her. "You left your modesty in the shower."

He scratched his head. "Yeah, well, I seem to have misplaced my-"

Sammy howled with abandon as he took an uncoordinated swan-dive off the back of the couch onto the cushions. Caught up in conversation, she hadn't even realized Sammy had disappeared. Then Sammy wiggled off the couch and ran pell-mell toward Logan with a suspicious garment attached to his head.

Allison gasped. "Logan, is that your underwear?"

Devon let out a burst of laughter.

Logan shrugged. "Well, that answers my question. I've found what I was looking for. Come here, little man."

Allison covered her face with her hands. "This is so embarrassing. At least they're just boxers."

"Yeah, my Speedo was in the wash." Logan winked at his wife. He scooped up his son and held him like a football. Sammy squealed with laughter. "You think that's funny, huh, bud?" Logan plucked the underwear off his kid's head. He said to Devon, "We're hoping therapy will prevent him from riding the short bus later in life."

Allison rolled her eyes. "Charming, Logan."

"C'mon, buddy, we'll let the ladies finish their conversation in peace." Logan carted Sammy off down the hallway, blowing raspberries against his son's bare belly. The boy's joyous giggles echoed through the house. Such a happy child. So completely loved.

Devon's heart gave a tiny flutter of longing. Dampness pricked her eyes, and she blinked it away.

Strange how the desire she'd let go of so long ago seeped back in to her soul when she least expected it. Years ago, she'd set aside the traditional image of a husband and children as though putting a nostalgic picture facedown in a drawer and shutting it away. At twenty-three, she had emergency abdominal surgery that saved her life-and left her without a hope in hell of ever conceiving a child. She'd absorbed that, grieved, made her peace with reality, and promptly dove into her professional life. Now her projects were her babies. Most days that was enough.

But for most men, it wasn't.

"What about Trey?"

Devon froze. Then she forced herself to act nonchalant, though she couldn't look Allison in the eye. "What about him?"

"Are you really going to sit here and pretend your boss isn't hot?"

Devon lifted her eyebrows. "Good thing Logan's not in the room."

Allison flipped her blonde hair over her shoulder and came to sit beside Devon on the couch. "A fact's a fact. Trey is a good friend of Logan's. He's a great person. A genuinely decent guy."

Exactly the type Devon didn't believe existed. Her experiences with men hadn't been stellar, her choices and judgment clearly flawed.

"I know him well enough to say, without hesitation, he's safe."

Devon sighed. "That would be nice for a change."

Then again, while she agreed he was trustworthy, he was not safe for her deprived libido. The way he'd kissed her in the server room, and the way he'd stared at her lips ever since, had prompted some ultra sexy late-night fantasies. While she was tired of fantasizing, and of her vibrator for that matter, becoming involved with Trey could be a hazardous mistake. He was her boss, and besides, she might not be in Denver much longer if her upcoming second interview went as well as the first.

Allison gave her shoulder a squeeze, then returned to the carpet and started picking up Sammy's toys, tossing them into a red bin. "Like I said, Trey's a good guy, solid. Logan met him ten years ago. During one of Logan's last covert-ops missions, a man on his team was killed in the crossfire."

Devon winced. "I'm sorry to hear that. Logan rarely talked about his time in the Army Rangers, before Stone Security."

Allison nodded, but said nothing further about the incident. She picked up several more of Sammy's toys and continued, "Logan traveled back to the states with the casket to contact the man's family. The only address he had led him to a group of bounty hunters in Las Vegas."

"Makes sense," Devon said. Since it had never come up in conversation, she made a mental note to ask Trey how in the world he went from running a bounty hunter operation to owning a billion dollar bodyguard business. He was a fascinating man, and she'd barely scratched his surface.

"The Sorens were the closest thing to family that Logan's guy had. Trey worked hard, with Logan's help, to create a memorial to honor their fallen brother. Trey bought the cemetery plot and basically paid for everything, no expense spared. Logan even teared up a little telling me the story." The wistfulness on Allison's face showed her respect and reverence for her husband. "If I'm not mistaken," she added thoughtfully, "Trey's bounty hunter business inspired Logan to hire his former military friends and begin his security system and bodyguard businesses."

"Then Trey bought the bodyguard business from Logan. It all comes full circle." Devon appreciated stories like this, reminders that there just might be a greater plan for people's lives. And maybe fate actually knew what it was doing. A comforting thought.

"Yes, and when Logan sold the business, he added one proviso. He made sure you came with the package."

"What? Me?"

Allison grinned. "If you hadn't noticed, the Sorens aren't your typical captains of industry."

Flattered by the news and amused by Allison's observation, Devon thought of the two sets of brothers, as well as Trey and Adam's...unconventional approach to solving business disputes. "Oh, I noticed. But what does that have to do with me?"

"You know what you're doing. You can walk into a room and take charge. People respect you, and Logan knew the guys needed someone with your expertise in the security field."

Devon's shoulders slumped. "I wish you'd told me this before I agreed to an interview somewhere else. Now I'll feel like I'm abandoning them."

Allison glanced at her wryly. "The company went public this week. Logan loaded his portfolio with IPO shares. Their projected profits, along with stockholder investments, ensure they'll have a long, healthy, rich future. I wouldn't worry."

Devon tapped her chin in consideration. "How rich?"

"You work for a team of billionaires." Allison narrowed her eyes. "Oh, now you're suddenly interested in Trey?"

"Who said I wasn't before?"

Allison snapped her fingers. "I knew it! Logan said you'd be into him, and I agreed. Trey is the perfect guy for you."

Annoyed, Devon crossed her arms. "Attraction doesn't equal a relationship. Besides, it's pointless to get involved with someone now, if I take the job in Phoenix."

"Phoenix?" Allison's face fell. "Then you'll be leaving?"

"If I take the job. I haven't completely made up my mind." Though if they presented her an offer, she would probably take it.

The disappointment in Allison's expression touched a chord of distress in Devon, because the fact that she'd have of leave all her friends, and the place she'd come to think of as home, hadn't sunk in yet.

"Keep me posted, okay?" Allison asked.

"I will." Devon stood and hugged her friend. "I get an invitation to Logan's birthday party next weekend, right?"

Allison smiled. "Of course. I'll drop it at the front desk of Soren Security. In the same envelope with Trey's," she added with a conspiratorial glint in her eye.

"You aren't going to leave this alone, are you?"

"Not a chance. I have a good feeling about you and Trey."

"We'll see," Devon replied vaguely.

Allison walked her to the door. "Yes, we'll see you next Saturday-with your date."

Devon chose not to mention that Trey was coming over to her house Friday. And they'd be alone. Together. All night.

The thought was both troubling and arousing. As she traveled down their long driveway toward the main road, she considered her options for Friday night. She might have to organize a distraction to take her mind off his tall gorgeousness and heaving testosterone, or she'd invite him inside and lead him straight to her bedroom.

Then again, so what if she did?

Trey was obviously interested in more than a professional relationship. His kisses held the unspoken promise of steamy pleasure. She couldn't stop thinking about him, and her body came alive in his presence, ached for his touch.

Should I...or shouldn't I?

It wasn't as if they'd have time to take a relationship deeper than quenching their desires. Normally, if she both liked a man and was attracted to him, she ran in the opposite direction. She'd learned to keep men at a distance emotionally. No strings meant no disappointment when the guy learned she couldn't have kids, the ultimate relationship deal breaker.

But in this situation, she was pretty sure she'd nail her upcoming interview, and ActionNet would offer her the position in Phoenix. What could it hurt to enjoy a sexy fling until then?

The thought of his big muscled body tangled with hers made her inhale a sharp breath. Yes.

Anticipation tugged at her core.

She knew what-and who-she'd be doing Friday night.

Chapter 3

When Trey rang Devon's doorbell Friday after work, he had his hands full. A dozen roses, a hand-selected bottle of pinot noir, and Chinese takeout.

A flurry of commotion came from within. The sound of four paws scampering across hardwood floors and the incessant barking of a pint-sized dog surprised him. Devon never mentioned she had a dog. Then he frowned. Unless her dog had the teeth and bite strength of a great white shark, it wasn't going to defend against burglars or evil genius hackers, but Trey gave him high marks for enthusiasm.

Hopefully, Logan had hooked Devon up with a stellar security device when she'd worked at Stone Security. While she lived in a nice neighborhood with newer townhouses, a single woman couldn't be too careful, and he'd make it a point to investigate the extent of her alarm system.

Her miniature guard dog approached the screen door, baring its equally miniature teeth.

"Peanut, knock it off." Devon opened the screen door with one hand, while holding her dog back with the other. "Come on in, Trey. Don't mind Peanut. He likes to assert his authority for a few minutes, but eventually he'll calm down."

Trey entered, and the scent of vanilla and peaches greeted him. He stared down at the barking white furball. When the dog reared onto its hind legs to get a better sniff, it barely reached Trey's knees. "Hey there, killer."

"Yeah," Devon snorted. "In his dreams."

"At least he has high aspirations. About knee-high."

"Hey, don't knock his manhood with short jokes. He gets testy."

"I'll keep that in mind." Trey stared at the little dog with bemusement. As a bounty hunter, he'd encountered plenty of pit bulls and junkyard dogs out for blood. A stab of phantom pain shot through his forearm, where a scar remained from a wicked dog bite. He was used to ferocious, but he had no idea what to do with this small bouncy thing. Except try not to step on it. "My ankles won't know what bit them."

"Clever," Devon remarked on his pun. His breath caught in his chest when she smiled at him and her eyes sparkled like a deep lake in the moonlight. Then her smile molded into an "o" of surprise when she took in the extent of his gifts. "What's all this?"

"A few things I picked up along the way." He raked a long, slow gaze over her.

Devon looked ready for a night on the town. She'd straightened her shiny dark hair, the ends brushing her bare shoulders. Her black slinky tank top clung to her slender curves, highlighting her small pert breasts-and the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her jeans hugged her ass perfectly, and he followed the long lines of her legs to her high heels showing a hint of her red polished toes.

He swallowed, his mouth going dry. My God, she's gorgeous. There was no way he could keep his hands to himself tonight. If she was going for that effect, she'd succeeded.

"You look insanely hot." He paused, realizing how crass that sounded. "Sorry. I seem to lose my mental filter around you."

"Do you hear me complaining?" Her teasing smile sent his blood rushing south, and he had to shift to ease the sudden tightness in his pants. When she touched the soft tips of one rose, her expression melted into pleasure. Trey experienced a sense of victory. Then she shifted her focus to the wine, and a sultry look stole into her eyes. "You had me at the roses. But Martinelli Pinot Noir? Now you've earned bragging rights."

Trey needed to distract himself, or he'd blow his chance of seducing her by slinging her over his shoulder and hauling her to the nearest bed. Or couch. Or horizontal surface. "Do you have a vase and a wine opener?"

She nodded. "Why don't you wait in the living room? I'll put the flowers in water and pour two glasses of wine for us."

She disappeared into her bright, white-on-white kitchen. On his way to her living room, he wandered through her first floor. Her home appeared well-kept and stylish, with cream walls, pastel contemporary art, and warm hardwood floors. A stark contrast to his 1970s, outdated ranch-style house. He hadn't bought it for the decor, but for the view, and he'd already met with several contractors to redesign the floor plan and build an addition.

On first impression, he found her home spacious and welcoming. He wondered if her heart held similar attributes. From the moment he met her, he'd been attracted to her sexy legs and beautiful smile. When he'd come to know her, that attraction had morphed into something beyond lust. Something that screamed permanence. Something that scared the hell out of him, but for whatever reason, he refused to walk away from. He wanted Devon. Not just in bed, but in his life.

He passed her front room office, almost as decked out as her workspace at his company, then entered the dining room. An assortment of antique-looking spoons hung on racks on the wall. He wondered about their history, if she'd inherited them or collected them. He also noticed a display of sepia-toned prints showing women dressed in outfits from the '20s or '30s. A smile touched his lips.

Maybe for Halloween he'd buy her a real vintage flapper dress, hand-sewn beads and all. He enjoyed being generous and missed purchasing gifts for the woman on his mind. Now he had Devon. Once he'd bought the dress for her, he'd find himself a pinstripe Zoot suit, slick his hair back, and wear a classic fedora. Considering his past, the gangster persona would feel right at home.

Memories of his old life surfaced.

The daredevil danger. Car chases. Dodging sprays of bullets. Renegade justice. An eye for an eye. All that crap. Mercenary glory hadn't worked out so well for his dad-gunned down and murdered in cold blood, a case the police had never solved.

No life for a man who wanted a secure future. Especially one that included the smart, sophisticated woman a few rooms away. The type of woman Trey had hoped, believed, one day he'd meet. Now that he had, he intended to protect the future he envisioned. Separate and safe from the garbage heap he'd left behind.

With the exception of a lone, obsessed hacker, Trey was so close to everything he wanted, he could taste it. And he planned to taste Devon's lips again by the end of the night.

An ear-piercing yip startled him.

"Jesus!" Trey leaped back, praying he hadn't flattened her dog. He bent to investigate, and, to his relief, Peanut appeared intact. "Dude. You can't sneak up on me like that."

Peanut's tongue lolled out the side of his mouth and he rapidly pawed at Trey's calves.

Trey sighed. He lifted the ten-pound fluffball and held the dog against his palm and forearm. "I'm doing this so I don't squish you."

Peanut seemed fine with that arrangement. He blinked behind bangs of white fur, then settled his tiny jaw against the tips of Trey's fingers. His pink tongue stuck out slightly as though making fun of Trey. He heaved a big sigh for a little dog and closed his eyes. Instant snooze.

Trey took a seat on her white leather sofa, resting his occupied arm in his lap. A minute later, Devon stood beside him and handed him a glass of red wine.

Her eyes glittered with amusement. "You and Peanut look cozy."

He glanced at his lap, then back at her, and arched an eyebrow. "Jealous?"

"Not as long as I get to sit in your lap later." She winked.

Hell, yes. Trey considered pitching the dog, grabbing Devon's waist and pulling her down onto him. But he'd probably offend her and spill wine all over her nice white couch. Later, he promised himself, talking down his erection. "For you," he said, "there's an open invitation."

"Good to know." A wicked little smile tugged her lips as she reached for her dog. "Let me take Peanut off your hands."

Peanut gave a disgruntled snort, followed by a pitiful whine. "Ooh, I know, poor baby. Your life is so hard." She sat beside Trey, and her dog pawed in a circle then collapsed on her thighs. "He likes to snuggle, and we haven't had guests in a while, so you're a novelty."

His glance wandered over her, pausing at her breasts before he met her eyes. "That's surprising. I figured men would be lined up outside your door."

She rolled her eyes. "Yeah, it must be a slow week."

He moved closer to her on the couch. "I don't mind competition, as long as they know I have first dibs."

"First and only."

He clung to a few threads of etiquette, forcing himself not to jump her bones right here. "Lucky me."

"So I was thinking," she said, changing the subject. "This hacker isn't likely to respond to the Hacker Forum posts I planted until later. My favorite band, Voyager, is playing tonight. We should go, get out for a while."

"You're sure he won't be trolling for you now?"

She shook her head. "These online hotspots don't gain traction until late. Imagine a bunch of nerds gearing up for the weekend, hopped up on Redbull and settling in for an all-nighter. Besides, we won't be gone that long. It'll be fun."

The invitation sounded like a date, like she was asking him out. "You want to leave now?" he replied without a second thought. He'd wanted to ask her out for months.

"We can finish our wine." She gestured at his full glass. "Oh, and I put the take-out in the fridge for later, if that's okay."

The only thing he was hungry for was sitting next to him. "Fine by me."

"Thanks for bringing dinner."

"Figured we were in for a long night, though I like the idea of going out someplace. But only if you agree upfront that I'm paying."

She nodded, glancing at him with a hint of shyness he'd never seen before. "You're quite the gentleman, aren't you?"

"That's the way I was raised." He thought fondly of his dad and the cracks to the back of his head when Trey missed the opportunity to put a lady first. "My father would roll over in his grave if I ever forgot to open a door for a woman."

Intrigue glowed in her eyes. "Can I ask you a question?"

"Sure. Anything."

"What made you leave your bounty hunter business in Las Vegas to come here and buy Logan's bodyguard company?"

Caught off guard, he ran a hand through his hair. She was the first person to ask that since he'd arrived in Denver. "To be honest-necessity."

She tilted her head. "How so?"

He liked that she wanted to know more about him, that maybe it meant her attraction to him went beyond the physical.

Thinking about how to phrase it, he slid his palm down his thigh, smoothing the center crease of his suit pants. "Things were getting dark." He stopped and realized how lame that sounded. He tried again. "You have to understand, we grew up in the environment. Adam and Liam's dad was my father's brother. At twenty and twenty-two, they went from blue-collar mechanics to owning their own business. They had young wives and small mouths to feed, and they wanted a better life for us than what they had growing up."

"I respect that a lot," Devon said, running her finger along the rim of her wineglass. "My single mom worked in a sewing factory, then came home and started her second job as a seamstress on the side for extra money. It isn't easy to raise a child on minimum wage, and somehow my mom managed to save enough for me to go to college for two years and supplement my ROTC financial aid." With the hint of a smile, she held up her hand. "Before you ask, I can't sew to save my life."

He shrugged. "Neither can I."

She threw her head back and laughed. "Well, I won't hold it against you. Okay, go on. You grew up in that world..."

"Starting their own business was a huge leap for them. We all walked around with that badge of honor."

"I take it you inherited the family business."

He nodded. "Dad gave me my first job the day I got my driver's license. I became a repo man."

Devon swallowed the sip of wine she'd taken. "Wait. You repossessed somebody's car at sixteen?"

"That's not the best part." He grinned at the memory. "Keep in mind my dad dropped me off at the site then waited for me down the street. So I sneaked onto the property of the guy who'd defaulted on his payments. He had one of those wide-open yards in the desert littered with half-stripped cars on cinderblocks, engines and mufflers and spare parts scattered everywhere. I spent an hour moving scrap out of the way so I could make a clean break with his car."

Her eyes gleamed. "You were out there in the desert at night? Did you even have a flashlight?"

"Hell, no. I wasn't about to give myself away. People go crazy when you try to take something they think belongs to them. Anyway, I finally tiptoed up to the car, picked the lock-you could do that back then-and managed to hotwire the engine. When the beater roared to life, this guy bursts out his front door wearing boots and a robe and ran toward me. I slammed the car in reverse and punched the gas. Then he opened fire."

Her hand flew to her mouth. "He shot at you?"

"Pumped about six shells into the trunk before I peeled out onto the highway. My dad could barely keep up with me on the drive home."

"Were you scared?"

"Shitless." He chuckled. "But when we dropped the car off to the authorities the next day, he slapped me on the back, told me I'd done a great job and he was proud. And that my second repo was waiting for me that night."

"That's crazy. Did the family business start out doing repossessions and move into bounty-hunting?"

"Uncle Joey, Adam and Liam's dad, steered the business in that direction. More lucrative, but also more dangerous. Took a long time to convince my dad, but when the profits started rolling in, he finally got on board. He took over when Uncle Joey died of a heart attack, at thirty-nine. I won't swear by it, but I think he was so worried about the times when bounty hunting affected his personal life and family, it sent him to an early grave."

"That's so sad." She shook her head. "I can't imagine doing that every day, constantly looking over your shoulder, waiting for someone to take aim at you."

He frowned. "It gets old, trust me."

Devon gazed at Trey with a whole new level of admiration. The courage it must've taken for him to earn his father's approval by joining such a dangerous line of work floored her.

After he swallowed a large gulp of wine, two faint red stains marked his chiseled upper lip like tiny parentheses. She wanted to smooth them away with her thumb, lean over and kiss him, but curled her fingers against her palm instead. She doubted his strong sense of pride would appreciate the gesture, and she didn't want to distract him from telling the rest of his story.

She asked, "Why did you come to Denver?"

"The God's honest truth?" He released a heavy sigh and wiped his lips with the back of his hand. "I did it for Cade and Liam. Adam may be too far gone. I haven't figured that out yet, but I'm sure he'll let me know. In no uncertain terms." He huffed a humorless laugh. "Cade has a frigging MBA in business management. His loyalty brought him back to the family business after Dad died, but he deserves the chance to run a real company. And Liam..."

The pained expression on Trey's face wrung her heart.

"Liam deserves the chance to live out his life in some resemblance of normalcy. He's only twenty-eight, you know? I won't let him take a knife to the chest or a bullet to the head in the name of family tradition. And he would, all of us would have, if I hadn't changed things. From the day Dad died-because he was at the wrong place at the wrong time without backup-I took over the books. I took over everything. I kept the family business running at a huge profit, even though I hated having to bury some of our guys along the way, so I could save up and approach Logan with an offer he couldn't refuse for his bodyguard business." Trey tipped his glass back and drank his wine to the last drop. "There's the long answer to your short question. In all its ugly glory."

"It's not ugly, Trey." She rested her hand on his forearm and squeezed gently, wishing she knew how to reassure him. "That's true honor. That's real family loyalty. Creating a new legacy in a safer place can't be easy, but it seems so worth it in the end."

His eyes held hers, revealing his personal torment in their dark depths.

Peanut chose that moment to howl. Sprawled on his back in her lap, his little front legs pawed at the air, his muscles twitching. Devon sighed, disappointed but slightly relieved that the spell of their intimate moment had been broken. "Isn't it so bizarre that dogs can dream?"

Trey revealed a wide grin. "He must be chasing after a buffalo." Peanut kicked Trey's thigh. "You get 'em, tiger. Show them who's boss in Peanut dreamland."

Devon snorted. She finished her wine and slid to her feet, resting her dog on the couch to continue chasing bison in his dreams. "Ready to head out?"

"Sure." He looked relieved, and the mood lightened. "I'll drive."

Ten minutes later, as he drove them toward the city limits, she relaxed against the luxury of his convertible Audi's buttery leather seats. "So where is this place?" he asked.

The warm night wind raced around them, snatching his words and making it difficult to have a conversation. "Turn left at the next light."

She guided him down a dark side street, and they parked next to the curb outside Jake's Bar. Trey insisted he get her door, so she waited until he helped her out of his low-riding car.

Pleasure swirled in her belly. The unexpected gesture made her feel special, and she hadn't experienced that with a man in a long time.

Trey stood with his hands in his pockets, peering at the bar's disheveled roof and slightly dilapidated entrance. "This is your idea of a big night out?"

"Hey, don't knock it. This is one of my favorite dive bars."

"I'd hate to see the others," he muttered. He scanned her up and down, a territorial gleam settling in his eyes. "You're dressed for deluxe, not dive."

"They cater to all kinds. Even uptight guys in suits," she teased. He was still dressed to the nines in his work attire.

"I'll leave my jacket in the car." He shrugged out of his suit coat, removed his tie, and tossed both into the small backseat. Then he released the top two buttons of his shirt, revealing the hollow in his tanned throat surrounded by cords of muscle.

She licked her lips, unable to look away from the intimate glimpse of skin. She wondered if the rest of him was equally tanned and toned. He leaned into the car, offering a stellar view of his backside, and pressed a button on the dashboard. While the convertible top glided up to seal with the windows, he rolled his white shirtsleeves back on his forearms. His sexy look could've been printed in GQ magazine, one of those spreads where a gorgeous man in a thousand dollar suit was attempting to look casual and effortless. Only, Trey succeeded.

When the convertible roof slid into place, he locked his car and spread his arms. "This is as dressed-down as I can get on short notice."

She entertained several descriptions-hot, delicious, and drool-worthy-but kept those to herself. "You look fine."

He held the door open for her and they walked inside.

The muted lights, tobacco-stained ceiling, tacky wood paneling, familiar faces, and the jukebox waiting in the corner, filled her with fondness. A stab of nostalgia reminded her how much she loved coming here most Fridays after work to relax and unwind. No computers or keyboards, no deadlines, no one to impress or answer to. Just a fun group of low-key regulars who worked hard and played harder. She'd miss this place when she took the job offer and moved to Phoenix. Along with so many other things that made Denver home.

She scanned the bartenders, hoping to recognize one. When she recognized both, she smiled and waved.

Mo, wearing his signature flannel shirt with hacked-off sleeves, paused while wiping a glass. He elbowed Mitch, who dressed like he'd time-warped out of the 1980s hair band era. "Hey, she's here."

Mitch turned away from a cooler where he was stocking bottles. When his eyes met hers, she broke into a smile. "Hey, Snow. You abandoned us for three weeks in a row."

"Snow?" Trey repeated with a blank look.

"They call me Snow White. The whole pale skin, dark hair thing, I guess."

"I like it," he said in a low voice that sent a quiver down her spine. "Where are your seven dwarves?"

"Pick one," she said, gesturing to the row of regulars lining the bar. She tapped them each good-naturedly on the shoulder as she passed. "Happy. Sleepy. Slumpy. Wheezy. Drunky. They're all here."

The older men waved in succession and then proceeded to bicker over which name belonged to whom.

A strained look crossed Trey's face. "Another legion of fans I have to contend with. Great."

"What do you mean?"

He sent her a wry smile as they approached an open space at the bar. "Don't tell me you haven't noticed the way your minions hang on your every golden word."

A laugh caught in her throat at his misguided but entertaining observation. "Cheer up." She patted his shoulder. "You can be my Prince Charming for the night."

"Now that's a job description I can handle."

With a dazzling grin that made her knees weak and rivaled any Walt Disney prince, he pulled out her chair and waited until she was seated before he slid onto the bar stool next to hers.

Mo moseyed on over to them. "The usual?"

She turned to Trey. "Care for a shot of whiskey?"

"I'm in." He reached for his wallet and handed Mo a red American Express card. "Whatever Devon orders, it's on me."

Mo regarded him with a sour expression. "We don't take American Express."

"Then here." Trey tossed a shiny platinum card on the counter. "Again, whatever she wants."

"Again. We don't take Discover."

Sensing Trey's growing agitation, Devon interjected. "I've got it, Mo."

Trey grabbed her wrist to stop her from reaching into her purse. He proceeded to slide a hundred dollar bill from his wallet and slap it on the counter. "Is this acceptable?"

Mo's eyes bugged for a moment then narrowed on Trey. "Yup." The bartender turned away and shouted to Mitch. "Grab me two Millers from the cooler."

Devon glanced at Trey, who was in the process of sizing up Mo and Mitch. With his history of locating and confronting scumbags, he probably did that instinctively.

"Trey." She rested her hand on his arm and felt the livewire tension that turned his muscles into granite. While his expression remained neutral, his posture was anything but. If the situation required it, he was poised to strike. "Trey," she repeated, "ignore them. It's nothing personal."

"Sure as hell feels personal."

"They're just a couple of guys who own a bar that's been in the family for three generations. They cater to blue-collar people who cash their checks on Friday and come straight here."

Trey visibly relaxed. "Right. I get that." When Mo returned with two shots and two beers, Trey added another hundred to the one resting on the counter and leaned over the bar. "Get everyone here a shot or whatever they're drinking. Say it's on the house."

For a second Mo looked guarded, but slowly his face brightened. "Yes, sir." He turned to the crowd and bellowed, "Everybody! Drinks on the house!"

A collective cheer rose up, people rushed the bar, and Trey settled back into his seat. He shook his head. "One year, and I've forgotten where I came from."

She squeezed his forearm. "Thanks for coming out with me tonight."

The look of reverence in his eyes stopped her heart for two beats. "I wouldn't want to be anywhere else." They shared a smile. He lifted his shot glass. "To old roads that lead to new horizons."

"Cheers." She clinked his glass and tossed back her shot.

With a twinge of guilt, she thought of her new horizon. Of the sun that would set on Denver and rise in Phoenix. While part of her wanted a new start, a fresh perspective, this is where she'd earned her professional stripes, found a sense of belonging-and she knew she would always have the roots of her foundation here.

Again, the word circled her mind like a hawk on a cloudless day. Home.

"You asked me a personal question, now it's my turn."

Extracting herself from her thoughts, she glanced at Trey. "Okay."

"Every time I look around, your regulars are glaring at me. Why do I feel like some red-headed step-child?"

She glanced around the bar and realized he was right. Maybe coming here with Trey had been a mistake. She hadn't brought a date here since the night... A chill ran through her. "Don't worry about it," she said and reached for her beer.

"I'm not worried." He lifted her chin until she met his eyes. "I'm curious."

Her chest tightened because she hadn't discussed that night with anyone outside the bar besides Allison and Logan in nearly a year. "You were honest with me. I guess I owe you the same."

"You don't owe me anything." He clasped her shoulder with a gentle, reaffirming touch. "I just want to understand what's going on."

A swirl of apprehension snaked through her gut. She didn't want to talk about Trevor. Not tonight. But Trey deserved to know the truth, the same respect he'd given her when he'd bared his soul about his past. "It's a long story."

He set his elbow on the bar and propped his chin in his hand. "I've got nothing but time."

His powerful presence and total attentiveness overwhelmed her. She scraped her beer label with her thumbnail. "It'll sound stupid."

"Nothing you say could ever sound stupid." The sincerity on his handsome face soothed her nerves.

"Okay." She exhaled a slow breath. "The majority of the guys I dated I'd met in the military or, later, men with similar careers in IT. Around the time Allison started working at Stone Security, I decided to try online dating."

Trey straightened. "I would've expected you to go that route first. Being a technology pioneer and all."

She shrugged. "I'd heard mixed reviews. Other women's bad experiences left me leery. Finally, I decided what the heck, I'll give it a shot. I viewed plenty of profiles, but no one really stood out or clicked. When Allison and Logan got together, and I saw the amazing connection they shared. While I wasn't looking for forever, I missed spending time with someone."

"They're a great couple," he agreed. "Those two were definitely meant for each other."

She nodded. "The same week Allison found out she was pregnant with Logan's baby, I received a message from the online dating service, from a man who struck me as unique and fascinating. He had military experience like me, and had gone on to pursue espionage tracking, cryptography, and he'd traveled all over the world."

"Sounds like the whole package," Trey muttered, taking a long pull from his beer.

"Sounded like that to me, too. We chatted through emails and texts, and the more we talked, the more I fell for him. When he asked to meet me for our first date, I suggested Jake's."

"Here?"

"I know everyone and thought it would be a safe, neutral place. If he turned out to be a cretin or the hunchback of Notre Dame, I knew my regulars here would have my back."

"Did they?" Trey asked, shooting dark looks at Mo and Mitch.

"I never got through the door." Terror and humiliation welled up in her throat at the memory, as if the incident happened yesterday. "I parked my car, got out, locked my doors, and when I turned around this guy was in my face." She swallowed. "Without a word, he hit me, tied me up, and threw me in the back of his van."

"Jesus." Trey's jaw clenched. His dark eyes were pools of compassion and anger. "I'm sorry, Devon."

She focused on the beer label half-mauled by her fingernail. "I woke up to find myself bound and dumped on my couch." Her eyes stung. "Like last week's garbage."

"Who the hell was this guy?"

"Trevor Hurtz, Allison's psychotic, stalker ex-husband. He used me to get to her."

Trey gritted his teeth. "You got the shit end of that stick all the way around."

Nodding, she drained the bottom-third of her beer. "I wasn't going to let him beat me. I came back to Jake's a week after the incident, faced my fears, and told them what happened. Now they're a little protective of me."

"I can see why." He glanced at Mo and Mitch again, this time with a newfound understanding weighting his gaze.

"Really, it's no big deal. I got over it." She really wished she hadn't finished the last of her beer. She could use a little more liquid courage.

Trey motioned to Mitch and held up two fingers. Two more shots arrived. Trey slid the empty beer out of her grasp and supplied her with a fresh one. She took several swallows, the whisky-and-beer combination making her head swim, a blessed relief from that horrible memory.

"It's kind of amazing you didn't let that trap you or stop you from living your life."

Although, according to Allison, she was limiting herself by not accepting new opportunities to date. Well, she thought, notching up her chin. I'm sitting next to one fine opportunity right now.

She snapped out of her dismal circumspection. "Anyway, sorry you had to endure the guys' concerns about you. But if I brought you in here, they have to know I trust you."

Trey lifted his second shot glass. "Here's to starting over, and to finding the right man who'll treat you like the treasure you are."

She blinked away the sudden spring of tears and laughed, surprised how much lighter she felt telling him the dark truth that had haunted her for a year. "To waiting until a good one comes along."

They drank to the toast and set their empty shot glasses on the bar. His broad hand brushed the back of her neck, sending a welcome chill across her shoulders.

He took a swig of his beer and sucked the foam off his upper lip. Then he ran his warm palm down her back. "Want to shoot some pool?"

Immensely relieved he'd changed the subject, she nodded. "I admit it's been a while since I played. You'll probably be embarrassed by my lack of skill."

His eyes hooded seductively. "We'll take it slow. Ease you back into the game."

She wondered if he was talking about billiards or sex. Desire tightened in her abdomen. "Let's hit the jukebox first. This place is too quiet. We need some tunes."

With his hand planted firmly on her lower back, he steered her through the crowd of regulars. A few waved and smiled as she passed, asking how she'd been. She greeted them distractedly, her attention focused on how good it felt to be touched. Treated with care. Protected. Claimed.

She grabbed a bill from her purse and fed it into the jukebox. "Mind if I select a few?"

"By all means." He spread his arms on either side of her, curving his hands around the sides of the machine.

She punched in the code of the album and song she knew by heart. Lime Light blared over the speakers.

He leaned forward. "You played a Rush song?"

"Yeah. Neil Peart is the best drummer and lyricist who ever lived," she defended. After unburdening her soul, her feisty edge returned.

"Seriously. You like Rush."

"Do you have a problem with my taste in music?"

"God, no." He laughed. "They're the greatest band on earth. I've just never met a woman who was into them."

She lifted her chin. "I'm not your average woman."

"I agree," he murmured. His lips brushed her ear, creating a hot tingle that spread through her.

They selected as many songs as her five dollars afforded. The entire time Trey towered over her, their bodies sealed together, clothes offering a thin barrier. She wanted to turn in his arms and lock lips in front of everyone. She typically hated public displays of affection, but Trey was quickly changing her mind. She'd never wanted a man's touch so badly.

After choosing their songs, they headed to the back room that was home to four pool tables. A server passed by to take their drink order.

Trey arched his eyebrow. "Another shot?"

She held up her hands. "Oh, no. I've reached my limit." She ordered a beer, but he declined. She chalked the tip of her cue stick and slid him a teasing glance. "Are you trying to get me drunk and take advantage of me?"

He half-sat on the edge of the pool table beside her hip, folded his arms, and let his gaze travel slowly from her lips to her breasts and back again. "Is it working?"

"Guess you'll have to wait and see." She tossed her hair, indulging his flirtation with her own.

He sighed and shook his head, a spark of challenge in his dark eyes. "You're going to wish you hadn't tempted me."

She threw her shoulders back. "You think I can't handle you?"

He leaned in and murmured against her temple. "Like you said. We'll have to wait and see."

For such a big man, he moved with surprising grace. Like a huge, predatory panther circling the pool table, calculating his next move until he sank every ball except the eight.

Then he missed.

She rolled her eyes. "You're being too obvious, letting me win. But I appreciate the gentlemanly gesture."

He grinned. "I do what I can." He lifted a shoulder casually. "It's just a game."

"So this is just a game to you?" she questioned.

He sent her a hard, heated look. "I only play the game when I plan to win."

She leaned over the pool table suggestively and sank the eight ball. Then she approached him and patted his shoulder. "Sorry for your luck."

He snaked his arm around her waist. "In this case, even when I lose, I win."

"I like the way you play," she said.

Desire crackled in the air like an electric current. "Good, because I'm just getting started."

Slipping from his grasp, she returned her pool stick to the wall-mounted rack and he did the same. When the last song they'd chosen ended, the sound of guitar chords echoed through the small bar. She nodded toward the stage. "Let's go watch the band."

Without thinking, she took his hand. His fingers instantly locked with hers. A firm, unyielding grip that advertised exactly who she belonged to tonight.

They resumed their seats at the bar, and he braced his feet on the rungs of her stool. His thigh slid against hers. She swiveled to face the stage, and he draped his arm across the back of her seat.

Closing his eyes, Trey inhaled her scent of peppermint and peaches. It was all he could do not to lower his head and caress her bare shoulder with his mouth, then glide the back of his hand along her delicate collar bone where the thin strap of her top taunted him.

How easy it would be to twine his finger around that strap and lower it down her arm, baring the tight curve of her breast to him. But then, he'd bare her to everyone else, and the thought struck the territorial instinct deep inside him.

He needed to possess her. Completely.

As the band played, she sang to most of the songs. Slightly off-key and adorable.

He couldn't stop staring at her, enjoying her pleasure, thrilled by her ease with him, her trust in him in spite of what had happened to her last year. His fists clenched involuntarily. If only he'd been here then. He would've knocked that bastard's teeth into his throat. But, as he recalled, Logan had stepped up to that task.

When the band started a new song, she leaped up from her barstool. "I have to dance to this one."

She joined four other women on the dance floor and stole the show, shaking her tight ass in those glued-on jeans.

Every man in the bar watched her, absorbed by her beauty and her red-lipped smile. Possessive resentment raged hotly inside him. They had no idea how incredible she was beyond the physical. He couldn't take much more of these letches staring at his girl. Usually, he wasn't like this, but Devon had a hold on him he couldn't shake.

When a scruffy guy approached the dance floor, Trey's blood pressure surged. He needed to get out of here and she was damn sure coming with him. He shot off of his barstool before the man came close enough to touch Devon.

Trey reached her in a few determined strides and grabbed her hand. "We're out of here."

"But the song's not over," she protested.

"I'll buy you the album."

He dragged her off the dance floor, threw another hundred on the counter, told the bartender to keep the change, and shoved her through the exit.

Outside in the warm summer night, Devon dug in her heels and slowed him down. "What was that about?"

"Nothing."

"You're scowling."

"No, I'm not."

"Now you're arguing with me."

"No, I'm-" He exhaled and ran a hand through his hair. "I saw the time and decided we needed to go."

"Oh." She folded her arms as they approached his car. "Why didn't you say so, instead of dragging me off like a caveman?"

He unlocked the doors and opened the passenger side for her. "I'll try to refrain myself next time."

"I hope so."

He shut her door, walked around and slid into the driver's side. Immediately, he lowered the convertible's top. He needed wind in his hair, something to cool him off, or he'd go caveman on her again the second they walked through her door. After fifteen minutes of listening to the radio instead of hearing her moans filling his ears, he finally pulled into her driveway. His restraint hung by a thread. She reached for the keys to her place, and he lost the battle of keeping his hands to himself. To hell with not crossing the line. He'd handle the consequences later.

The moment she opened her door and stepped inside, he yanked her against him. Then he kicked the door shut with his heel.

Locking his arms around her, he lifted her off the ground and seized her mouth with his. Her lips yielded, and he swept inside. Searching. Claiming. Conquering.

Unlike her former hesitant responses, this time Devon let go. Her mouth turned soft and pliant beneath him, and her tongue curved around his.

Heat snaked through his gut. He lifted her legs up around his waist, held her tight, and moved toward her couch. She combed her fingers through his hair and nearly brought him to his knees. He'd get there eventually, but not yet. He had plenty of exploring to do before his mouth settled between her thighs.

He focused on the incredible way their tongues danced in a rhythm of give and take. Hers was the kiss of a woman who knew exactly who she was and exactly what she wanted. He loved that about her.

When she exhaled, he inhaled. He wanted to own her breath, her taste, her heart. She belonged with him, whether she knew it yet or not.

When his shins hit the couch, he lowered her to the cushions. Kneeling before her, he cupped her backside and yanked her against him. The juncture of her thighs pressed against his erection. He throbbed with the contact, his lower half begging him to strip her naked and sink into her moist heat.

Again, he forced himself to go slow, even though he burned with the desire to take her nonstop, all night.

"God, I want you," he growled low.

"I want you, too," she whispered and started unbuttoning his shirt.

Immediately, he took that as an invitation to undress her. He slid the straps off her shoulders. Pulse pounding, he dragged his mouth along her jaw and caught her earlobe with his teeth. She inhaled sharply.

As he moved his lips down the slender curve of her neck, his breath misted on her skin in a hot trail. Her chest rose and fell rapidly. Unable to help himself, he swept his tongue between the shallow cleavage of her pert breasts.

Not enough. Needing her naked, needing to taste her, memorize every nuance of her sexy body, he slid his palms over her shoulders. In one swift move, he brought the straps of her tank stop down her arms, baring her tempting breasts.

The perfect curves sent an arrow of lust straight to his cock. He descended on one breast, cupping the creamy mound and drawing it into his mouth. When he grazed his teeth along her firm nipple, she whimpered and tossed her head back.

Leaving his shirt half-unbuttoned, she raked her hands through his hair, eroding his thin restraint. His muscles hardened, resisting the primal urge to tear off her jeans and panties and drive himself into her heat. All too ready to comply, his cock thickened and lengthened painfully.

When he moved to her other breast, teasing her nipple, Devon's arms circled his waist. Her fingertips dipped below his belt and her hands fisted in his shirt. She pulled the material until it gave free, then slipped her hands beneath and ran her palms along his bare back.

Her touch sent him soaring into erotic overload. He'd imagined this moment, fantasized about being with Devon for nearly a year. The reality beat the hell out of any fantasy and he fought to hold back the force of his need. Her pleasure came before his.

Damn. He had to taste her. Make her come. Hear her scream his name.

Now.

His shirt still half-unbuttoned, he hauled it over his head, tossed it to the floor, then captured her nipple between his lips. She released a velvety moan and smoothed her hands over his biceps and shoulders as he released her nipple then traveled lower.

After swirling his tongue against her navel, he unfastened her jeans and slid down the zipper. The black lace of her panties came into view. Fixated on the spot, he smoothed his thumbs over the silky undergarment.

"Trey," she urged him, lightly scratching her nails along his forearms.

"I won't rush this," he warned. His gaze leveled with hers. "I'm going to take my time, and there's not a damn thing you can do about it."

Her eyes glittered over-bright, cheeks stained hot pink. "I guess not."

He peeled her jeans over her hipbones, and eased the lace edge of her panties down with his thumbs. He bent and kissed her abdomen, flicking her skin with his tongue, lower, lower, until his tongue traced the line of lace that separated him from her intimate taste. Her scent filled his senses and made him light-headed with need.

He couldn't wait to press his mouth against her-

A sudden ringing came from over his shoulder, like the resonant drone of Tibetan bells.

Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding.

He straightened and turned at the waist toward the sound. "What the hell?"

"Crap." Devon jerked upright. "It's him. It's the hacker. He took my bait."

Extricating herself from his arms, she stood and pulled up her jeans. Then she raced to her office.

Trey took a full minute to gather himself. Arms braced on the couch, he looked down at the bulge straining his pants and released a growl of frustration. Cursing, he dragged himself to his feet, then followed after Devon.

When he caught the consternation on her face, he reached her with quick strides. "What is it?"

"I don't know," she said as she stared at the screen and fixed her tank top. "I think he's taken over my computer."

"That's possible?"

"It's called remoting in. Basically, he somehow found my private IP address and my encryption-locked password, and he's using both to take over."

Trey frowned. "That doesn't sound good."

She shook her head. "This doesn't make sense. I programmed my operating system so I'm the only one who should be able to do this."

He watched the mouse arrow maneuver eerily around her screen. Like a ghost in the machine.

He gripped the back of her chair with one hand, planted his other palm on her desk, and leaned in for a closer look. Devon's fingers shook slightly as she jiggled her mouse. The arrow continued to glide around, unaffected by her manipulation, then opened a folder containing pictures.

Photos of Devon at Allison and Logan's wedding filled the screen. She looked beautiful, smiling, laughing, posing for the camera with other people, or holding up a glass of champagne.

A disturbing effect started to happen in every photo. The background suddenly faded to white, leaving Devon alone in each picture. As though the hacker was erasing everything and everyone in her life. Except her.

Stunned and worried as hell, he felt a block ice form in the pit of his stomach. "This is messed up."

Devon stared wide-eyed, her features strained. "He knew exactly where to find my pictures. He's been in my computer before. He's a hacker, a PhotoShop expert, and a thief. And he's really creeping me out."

"You and me both," Trey muttered.

Without warning, her computer went dark.

Trey tensed.

Gradually, an image began to surface. An image of a pirate flag stamped with a skull-and-crossbones. Alarm speared through Trey when a cursor appeared at the bottom of the monitor. One by one, as if someone were typing right this second, bold, blocky red letters filled the screen.

He shouldn't be there. I should.

Chapter 4

Dread swept through Devon's veins like fast-acting poison. Her body went numb and her brain slid into denial.

"Impossible," she whispered.

How could this happen? To her, of all people?

She stared at the screen. This hacker had infiltrated her personal life and the files within her computer. Including special photographs from her best friend's wedding. Somehow he'd also violated her home, her innermost sanctum.

She blinked back tears of hurt and bitterness and fear. She refused to let the jerk get away with this.

"Devon."

Lost in a whirl of shock and vengeful emotion, she'd momentarily forgotten about Trey, who stood beside her with his gorgeous torso looking warm and inviting. Except, the hacker had stolen their intimate moment from her, too.

Her hands trembled. "I can't believe the balls on this bastard."

"If he had those, he'd step out from behind his computer screen and face me like a man," Trey gritted out.

"That's one of the reasons guys like this delve into IT. So they can counter the jocks that bullied them by taking over the world one byte at a time." Devon released a pained sigh at the irony.

"We're not on the playground anymore." Trey's eyes flashed with a dangerous gleam. "This is the real world. And he's really going to wish he hadn't trespassed on you or my company."

Although she'd desperately wanted to have sex with Trey-still did-this invasion deserved retaliation. Fury trumped her useless sense of betrayal. The hacker had made this personal.

"I'm going to nail this prick to his motherboard. I'm going to melt his system until it's a worthless heap of dead weight." Revenge pumped through her. She raced to a cabinet against the wall, dug through the lower drawers, and hauled out her hacker equipment. A little old-school, but she'd make it work. "I'm going to fry his circuits."

"Devon, wait," Trey said, his tone was composed and reasonable.

"No, I need to get a trace on him, before he erases his breadcrumb trail and access points."

"Do that, and you're giving this guy exactly what he wants."

Insulted, she stiffened. What did Trey know about hackers? "What do you mean?"

"He did this to get your attention. To make you angry and vulnerable. Your reaction is feeding into his delusions of power."

That sounded entirely too rational. "I don't care. I can't just sit here and do nothing. Or he wins." Her voice cracked on the last word, betraying her fear and reckless need to act in the face of confrontation. "Trey, he can see me. He knows where I am and what I'm doing." Her chin wobbled, and she shivered. "It's disgusting."

Trey slid his arm around her shoulders and drew her against his hard, solid chest. She didn't want his comfort, she wanted to go after the hacker, but his embrace soothed her and she couldn't find the resolve to push him away. He pressed a kiss against her hair. "That's why you need to leave everything exactly as it is. We'll call a team of security technicians in here and find out the extent of the invasion."

She scoffed. "At ten o'clock at night?"

"You underestimate me." Keeping one arm securely around her, he reached in his pocket for his phone and dialed. "Hey, Logan, it's Trey. Devon's in trouble. We need your help."

"Stop!" she told him. Maybe Logan was the right man for the job, but he had his own life. She wasn't Logan's problem, and she wanted to handle this herself. "Give me the phone."

Turning away, Trey raised his elbow just out of reach. He went on to explain the gist of what had happened. Despite her efforts, she couldn't budge his rock-hard bicep. She might've had better luck trying to separate a large branch from the trunk of a tree.

"Yeah, it's serious," Trey said. "We need a team of your best guys to do a sweep of her house, her security system, and her computer. That's your company's expertise. My bodyguard business won't do much good in those departments."

"I don't need all that," she insisted, though as her adrenaline wore off, vulnerability set in. She might be able to handle this herself, but Logan could do so much more with his team.

"Okay." He nodded at something Logan said. "Yeah, that's great. See you soon." He ended the conversation. "Help is on the way."

She pulled out of his grasp, stepped several feet away from him and crossed her arms. She didn't like this authoritarian side of Trey at all. Maybe he did do the right thing, but she wanted to do things her way, and then come to the right conclusion herself. "That was not your decision to make."

Although calm and focused, his eyes narrowed as they met hers. "My company. My girl. My call."

A slippery sensation sloshed in her belly when he referred to her as his girl. If she wasn't so upset by the whole situation, she might have melted into his arms. But she had enough anger and pride roaring through her veins to keep her soft, gushy side at bay. She paced and refused to look at Trey while he slid into his shirt and made himself presentable.

Thirty minutes later, Logan arrived. When she met him at the door, she said, "Logan, you have a baby at home. You shouldn't have come here in the middle of the night."

"Allison is just as worried as I am. She practically shoved me out the door." Logan eyed her with brotherly disapproval. "Why didn't you tell me there'd been a breach of your network?"

She pasted on a fake smile. "Because, as I keep explaining to Trey, I can handle it."

Logan set his hands at his waist. "Are you going to make me stand out here all night?"

"Maybe."

"Devon." Logan stared at her beneath the stern shelf of his eyebrows.

"Oh, fine." She unlocked her screen door.

Logan entered and immediately approached Trey. "When did this start?"

When Trey listed the details of the hacker's infiltration of his company and her house, she exhaled loudly and stormed off to find Peanut. At least her dog would let her gripe about hard-headed men who didn't listen to her and took charge without asking. If only their macho stubbornness could be resolved with a simple string of code.

After another half-hour, a team of four men showed up on her doorstep. For an eleventh-hour request on a Saturday night, they all looked professionally dressed as though they'd been on-call and ready to leap into action for one of Logan's million dollar clients. However, she was far below that echelon.

"Sorry you had to come all the way out here tonight," she apologized to the men as she let them inside and closed the door behind them. When they gathered inside, next to Trey and Logan, relief engulfed her. Despite her initial reaction, she didn't want to face this hacker alone. She sent a silent glance of thanks to Trey, who dipped his chin in recognition.

The first man touched the brim of his baseball cap with the Stone Security logo emblazoned on the front. "No trouble at all, Miss Leigh."

The team set up quickly on her dining room table, which offered plenty of surface space for the half-a-dozen metal cases that housed all their equipment. They pulled out gadgets she'd never seen before. She poured a glass of wine from the bottle Trey brought, sipped slowly, and leaned against the archway between the kitchen and dining room, watching them. They worked in silence like four efficient components in a finely-tuned machine.

One guy walked around her first floor with a gadget that looked similar to a hand-held metal detector. The device crackled like a Ham Radio, and he followed a strong frequency into her living room. She followed, too.

The sounds led them to the center of the room. To her ceiling fan. He set the machine down and felt around the base, then the wiring. "Do you have a step stool, ma'am?" he asked her.

Swallowing, she nodded. She set her glass down and retrieved a stepstool from her coat closet. He stood on it, drew a screwdriver from his tool belt, and proceeded to take apart her ceiling fan.

A few minutes later, he froze. "Got it."

"What?" Logan asked, striding into the room. Trey was one step behind him.

"Definitely a wire that shouldn't be here, sir. A camera wire."

Devon's hand flew to her throat. "Oh, my God."

"That's how he knew," Trey muttered. "His timing was too damned convenient."

Logan turned to Trey. "Knew what?"

Trey shook his head. "Nothing. Just a hunch." His fists clenched. "The sick fuck." His gaze shot to Devon. "Excuse my language."

Logan exhaled. "You said what we were all thinking."

Her throat started to close. Before she threw up, she raced from the room. Trey had almost made love to her there on the couch. Right under this hacker's eagle eye.

"Here," Trey said.

Startled, she glanced to her left and found Trey holding out her leather jacket. She took the light summer coat he handed her because she needed something to hold on to, desperate to regain her bearings in a world that had tilted off its safe axis.

"I need some air. Let's go for a ride," Trey said.

"Where?" she asked, numb, sickened.

He extended his hand to her. "Anywhere."

When she placed her hand in his strong, warm palm, he wrapped his fingers around hers. "Logan, we're taking a drive," he said. "Call when your crew is finished."

Logan gave a single nod.

No explanation required.

Once Trey had navigated beyond town traffic, he veered onto a highway road and shifted into fifth gear. Then he reclaimed her hand, resting their joined fingers on her thigh. The comforting gesture radiated warmth up her arm, through her bloodstream, and settled like a tender glow against her heart. She didn't have the energy to balk at her heart's fluttering response. Maybe because she wanted, needed, his solid and reassuring touch.

With the convertible top down, wind whisking across her skin, they drove for forty-five minutes before Trey hit an unpaved road. To her surprise, he kept driving.

Gratitude welled in her chest. The man was genius. She hadn't wanted to stand there, helpless, while strangers tore her home apart.

Somehow he'd seen through her fortified walls of self-reliance, and knew what she'd needed. She rested her head against the seat and let the wind coast through her fingers. So freeing. Like the time her mom had saved up a few extra dollars to take her on a train ride through an old mining town. She'd stuck her arm out the open window and hadn't cared when the train spewed black dust that coated her arm. She'd rarely had opportunities to venture beyond their two-bedroom apartment in the city near the factory where her mom worked. Each new vista, even a one-hour train ride, was a big adventure. As Trey maneuvered up a steep incline to God-knew-where, a similar sense of anticipation cascaded through her.

The destination didn't matter. The glimpse of remembered peace did. Those memories settled her down a little, helping to distance her from the horrifying idea that someone had planted cameras in her house, and he'd been watching her.

Eventually, Trey slowed his convertible, released her hand to downshift, and pulled off the road. He parked on a gravel strip, cut the engine and sighed. The relief etching his handsome face mirrored her own. Being in the mountains, away from the city, away from everything that was happening beyond her control, calmed her.

So quiet. So peaceful.

Just the song of crickets and the soothing drone of spring peepers. She sighed. "I love it here."

He unbuckled his seatbelt and turned to her. "I know. It's a kind of oasis, hidden away from the rest of the world."

"Is it part of a park?"

Shrugging his big shoulders, he said, "I'm not sure. I don't live far from here and found the place by accident." He reached for the door handle. "Join me?"

After Trey swung his long legs out of the car, then shut the door softly, he moved toward the hood. Anxious to enjoy the peaceful, beautiful starry night, and even more anxious to be near Trey, she quickly joined him.

With a grin, he leaned against the hood, his legs outstretched, crossed at the ankles. "The first time I saw the stars up here, I was blown away. There are more points of light than black space, and they seem so close you could reach out and touch them. I've never seen anything like it, even in the desert."

Their heads tilted back simultaneously.

She stared at the sky, absorbing a renewed sense of wonder. "Out here, it really is incredible." She inhaled and exhaled a calming breath. "It reminds me of Presto."

"As in 'magic presto chango?'"

She elbowed him. "No, it's a Rush song, on the Presto album."

A laugh caught in his throat. "You really are a die-hard Rush fan."

"Shame on you for doubting my fan girl status."

"I'll never doubt again," he vowed, holding his hand over his heart. "Why does it remind you of that song?"

"The song compares being in an airplane looking down on houses to constellations. Like when I flew to visit my dad for the first time. When the plane descended into Tampa, Florida, I marveled at the effect. Rather novel to a ten-year-old."

He glanced at her sideways. "You took a plane ride by yourself at ten?"

She waved off his observation. "No big deal. I was pretty independent. They say only children are adults by the age of eight, and I agree. I was already getting myself ready for school, doing my own laundry and cooking dinners. Riding on a plane was just a fun adventure."

Then she lost herself to the memory of visiting her father. "I'll never forget that image, so many tiny yellow lights spreading out below the plane like a map of the stars on the ground. My dad was late picking me up from the airport. A stewardess waited with me and taught me how to use a yo-yo. Dad eventually came and got me. The stewardess handed me off, and my dad took me home. If you could call it that."

Trey leaned back on his elbows against the hood of his car. "Not the castle you were expecting?"

"Hardly. He lived in a trailer park, in a single-wide, stuffed to the gills with electronics equipment. He fixed TVs and VCRs as a side job. At the time, you could make reasonable money doing that."

"What was his regular job?"

"He didn't have one." Sad acceptance welled up inside her. "His hobby was his passion, and he never bothered to develop people-skills to make him hirable to anyplace that would pay him."

Trey looked slightly stunned. "What did you do there?"

"It was awesome, actually." She brightened, recalling how a whole new world had opened up to her that week. "He taught me how to fix tube televisions, rewire a stereo, and create a computer from component parts alone."

Awareness sparked in Trey's eyes. "He gave you the foundation that led you to the path you've walked ever since."

"Exactly." She nodded. "I'm definitely my father's daughter. I kept in touch with him afterward through letters we sent each other every week. I invited him to my fourth grade science fair, where I was a finalist."

"Not surprising." Trey glanced at her with admiration. "Did he show?"

She shook her head. "Six months after that I received a batch of letters from the post office, letters marked Return to Sender. My mom helped me call around until we learned the trailer park where he lived had been sold to a condominium developer." A prick of sadness nicked her. "I never heard from him again."

He pulled her close to him, resting her back against his hard chest. Wrapping his arms around her, he said, "That's insane. You're his daughter, his family. How could he hang you out to dry like that?"

"Family comes in all shapes and sizes, Trey." She tucked her hand into the crook of his elbow and rested her head against his shoulder. "Some are better than others. We don't get to choose."

His fingers covered hers. "I guess. That still sucks. To me, family is everything."

"I know." A sigh lifted her chest, and a distant yearning squeezed her heart. "That's one of my favorite things about you."

Silence descended. They remained pressed together, side by side, staring up at the night sky.

Then his biceps stiffened against her arms. "Did you see that?"

She lifted her head. "What?"

"A shooting star. Look, there's another."

"Where?" She looked toward his pointed finger but saw nothing. Then a flash caught the corner of her eye. She glanced in the opposite direction. "I see one, too, over there!"

Within two minutes, they counted eleven shooting stars between them.

"You know what this means," he said.

"I give up."

"You have to make a wish, on a shooting star."

She decided not to mention it was likely a small, random meteor shower, not a wondrous event worthy of hanging hopes upon.

Because, in this moment, she absolutely adored him. There was something boyishly appealing about this big, sexy, former bounty hunter telling her she needed to wish on a star. "Um, okay..."

Closing tighter around her, his arms stacked like two-by-fours across her stomach. "What would you wish for, if you could have anything in the world?"

"Right this very second?" She turned in his arms to face him. "He's already here."

Capturing her in his low-lidded gaze, he whispered, "Wish granted."

His lips sealed against hers. His tongue swept inside her mouth, slick and inviting. She answered his searching probes, swirling her tongue around his. He demanded surrender, and she gave in to him willingly. She wanted him, needed him. Despite her plan to leave Denver, despite that she had a crazy hacker after her, this moment with Trey blurred her boundaries, driving her to distraction. She willingly went along for the ride.

He angled his mouth over hers and clutched the back of her head, pressing deeper, consuming her in fiery lust. He unleashed his passion, and she took what he gave. Looping her arms around his neck, she released her own desires. Met each thrust of his tongue. Arched her body against his.

Without warning, he lifted her easily and, with a quick flip, her back met the hood of his car. He ground against her, his tongue thrusting deeply, promising what the hard ridge in his pants would deliver.

He broke their kiss to set his mouth on a hot trail along her neck. She threw her head back, her hips meeting his urgent thrusts despite the clothing that separated them.

"Yes," she whispered.

"I want you." His hot breath puffed against her cleavage. "I need to taste you."

"Yes," she murmured again, wishing he'd relieve the ache building between her thighs.

He unbuttoned her jeans, slid down the zipper, and with a swift yank sent them to the ground. The wind whispered over her bare legs. He slid off her shoes, kissed her toes, then kissed his way up one leg. He licked the back of her knee, tingles spreading all over her body. Then he switched to her other leg, kissing up her thigh, his mouth achingly close to where she yearned for his touch.

And he gave it to her. Circling her opening with his middle finger, he tested her dampness, then slid inside. She felt the breach of one knuckle then two, and she drenched his fingers.

So intense. So good.

She arched against the hood of his car, throwing her arms above her head.

"That's it, let go. Let me give this to you," he murmured, his voice husky and sexy as hell.

A cry escaped her as he slid his tongue through her folds and licked her aching peak. As ecstasy and sheer pleasure coursed through her, she opened her thighs to him, loving the way his tongue caressed her. Slow. Steamy. Succulent. He took his time, like he had all night to taste her.

At the first flicker of an orgasm, she sent her hands into his hair, urging him on. Then her fingers curled into fists as the sensations intensified, filling her with pounding, aching need. Her blood rushed hotly through her veins. His tongue set a powerful rhythm. Her hips bucked. A burst of sensation lit fireworks behind her eyes. She clenched and then released her passion against his mouth.

"Oh, my God." She quaked in his hands.

He pressed a lingering kiss to each thigh. Then he edged his mouth upward, swirled his tongue around her belly button, and reignited her internal fire.

A sudden buzz in his pocket made him still. He lifted onto his forearms and sent her a look of intense regret. "I should probably get that."

She responded with a shaky nod. "Probably."

"Damn." He pushed up from the car hood with one hand and answered his phone. "Yeah? Okay. On our way."

Hastily, she slid off the hood of his car and dragged her panties and jeans on. "News?"

"Yep." He sighed, running a hand over his mouth. "I'm sorry. I didn't want this to stop."

The absence of his warmth in the abrupt separation created a depth of need. She didn't want to be without his warmth, leaving her with a horrible vacant sensation, even though she'd spent years guarding against this. "Duty calls."

"Right." He nodded. "You okay?"

"Sure."

Did that sound sarcastic?

After the roller coaster of an emotional ride she'd been on tonight, she couldn't summon the effort to retract her sarcasm.

"Devon-"

"I'm good." She held up her palms. "Just...let's just go."

During the drive back, he took her hand again, like he had on the way there. She squeezed his fingers, grateful for the unspoken support.

The darkness and starlight was soon overcome by the glare of street lights. She cared about Trey. A lot. Eventually, she'd have to shed some light on the reality of her situation. Her plans to leave. A part of her withered inside.

When they returned to her house, the news was worse than she imagined. They'd found four frigging cameras in her house.

The heinous, spying bastard.

Sick to her stomach, she sank into the office chair in front of her computer, staring at the screen as if it were an alien that might attack without warning. The one thing that had always provided a safe haven now had the potential to damage her. To the point she might not recover.

And she wasn't thinking about her files or data.

From the kitchen, Logan and Trey's voices carried to her. They spoke in low tones about problem solving methods. None would do any good. They weren't part of her world. They didn't understand how to deal with this threat or how to keep her safe.

Safe.

What a joke.

Sliding her arms over her stomach, she wanted to laugh or vomit. Whichever came first. At this point in the night, either one was probable.

Then, like a death knell, her warning alert dinged. Right in front of her. Her lips parted. My God. Again?

She barely heard Trey, Logan, and the team rush to her side.

The pirate flag waved again on her screen. Mocking. Taunting. Invading her soul, and damaging any scrap of resilience she had left.

The cursor flashed on the screen like an illuminated omen. "I can still hear you. I told you, he shouldn't be there. None of them should. Get them out. Before I take this to the next level."

Devon pressed a hand against her mouth. Tears splashed her fingers. "Why won't this end?" she whispered. "Hasn't he done enough?"

Trey instantly knelt at her side, wrapping his arm around her waist. "We'll get this guy. I swear it."

"His days are numbered," Logan agreed vehemently.

Empty threats.

They didn't get it. They didn't get hackers. And they didn't understand the full damage this man had inflicted on any sense of autonomy or safety she'd ever believed in.

"I can't stay here," she said in a shaky voice.

"You can stay with me," Trey offered.

She shook her head. She needed room to breathe and vent and cry. She couldn't do that with Trey. Not yet. "I can't."

Logan glanced between them and then placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder. "Looks like Allison and I will finally get some use out of our guest room."

Chapter 5

Devon woke to the sound of a child wailing.

Her head hurt. Her mouth tasted like cotton.

She cracked one eye open and found Peanut's tail tucked against her face. She spat out his fur, sat up in bed, and tried to orient herself. The surroundings were familiar. She'd crashed here before, the night of Thanksgiving last year, in one of Allison and Logan's spare bedrooms.

Then she remembered...

After learning that the hacker was not only a video-stalker but an audio-stalker, too, her world had crumbled into a state of appalling misery.

That dread crawled across her skin again.

Last night, Trey had offered his place as an alternative to hers, since Logan's team needed to revisit her house again Saturday morning to sweep for more hidden equipment. But that offer had seemed too intimate, too soon. She didn't want to open that door. She wasn't ready to give a man, let alone a whole team, full reign over her life. She'd deal with any issues herself, damn it.

Besides, look what had happened to Allison? She'd moved in with Logan for protection from her ex-husband, and they ended up married. Of course, Devon believed they would've gotten married anyway. And it wasn't like she thought she and Trey would end up that way. But still, the principle was the thing. She wasn't going to foist herself on a guy she planned to have a short fling with. It was too easy to fall into a habit of convenience by staying with him. Not her style.

So her only other alternative had been to crash at Logan and Allison's. She'd be safe under their roof, protected by their Fort Knox security system.

Sammy's high-pitched scream assaulted her eardrums. Peanut whined and looked at her with pitiful eyes. Devon grabbed a pillow and shoved it over her ears. She glanced at the clock. Six-thirty on a Saturday morning. Ugh.

So much for sleeping in. She winced as a stab of pain pricked behind her eyes. Why do I feel like crap?

With a heavy sigh, she recalled the glasses of wine Logan kept pouring for her last night, and her headache made sense. Allison had tried to stay awake and be the stalwart friend. But she'd dragged herself to bed at one a.m. looking pale and exhausted. When Logan had revealed that Allison was pregnant with baby number two, and Sammy was teething, Devon felt like more of a leech then she already did for intruding on their family time.

Tossing back the covers, she threw her legs over the side of the bed and rubbed her eyes with the heels of her hands. She couldn't stay here, but she didn't want to go home, either. How could she? Her house, her sanctuary, had been invaded by a sick, sadistic hacker.

An alternate plan was in order. She reached into the overnight bag she'd thrown together last night and changed into a pair of leggings, a sports bra, and an oversized t-shirt. If she wasn't at home, at least she could still be comfortable. She slid into her sandal flats and went to the guest bathroom to brush her teeth, drag a comb through her hair, and wipe off two smudges of mascara under her eyes.

Good enough, she thought with a shrug. Then she swiped Peanut up under her arm, slung the handle of her overnight bag onto her shoulder, and planned to make a silent get away. Halfway down the steps, she saw Allison walking back and forth through the great room carrying Sammy on her hip, her eyes half-closed like a sleepwalker moving on autopilot.

"Hey," Allison said in a cracked whisper, looking up at Devon. She struggled to produce a smile. "Sleep okay last night?"

"You have a very comfortable guest bed." Sending her friend a look of compassion, Devon dropped her bag in the foyer and went to the kitchen to make coffee. Allison could probably use some, and Devon needed a jolt of caffeine. She found a pot already made, removed two mugs from the cupboard and poured them to the brim. She returned to the great room and offered one to Allison.

"No, thanks." Allison shook her head then rubbed a circle over her stomach. "I'm far enough along that I've switched to Chai tea. Logan said he let the news slip last night. I wanted to be the one to tell you I'm pregnant again, but I didn't want to take away from the excitement of your job interviews."

"It's okay," Devon assured. "I'm not fragile. I don't need special care and handling when it comes to learning other women are pregnant. Especially my best friend." She smiled warmly. "I'm so happy for you."

"I waited to say anything until I made it to the eight-week mark."

Devon held up her hand to stall further explanation. "I understand."

Several months ago, Allison had miscarried at six weeks. She'd called Devon sobbing, and the depth of her loss had affected Devon like a dagger through the heart. For once, she found herself grateful she couldn't have kids. She'd had plenty of years to accept it and be pleased for other people when it happened to them. But to learn she was pregnant only to lose the baby? She honestly couldn't imagine how devastating that must've been for Allison. Now, instead of sharing pain, they'd share the excitement of a new addition to their family.

Their family. It amazed her how she automatically considered herself a member of the Stone family. As if Allison was her best friend and sister-in-law rolled into one. And Sammy was her godson.

The thought of packing up and leaving all this carved a gash across Devon's conscience. Sure, she'd return for holidays and birthdays, but how much of Sammy's milestone years would she lose while she created a separate life and career two states away? And how could she miss the birth of Allison's new baby?

Regret gripped her chest. She forced those thoughts aside for now. She'd cross that emotional bridge once she had the job offer in hand.

Logan ambled into the room, eyeing the second mug of coffee as if Devon held a cup of salvation. He reached for it. "I'll take that off your hands."

"Sorry I intruded last night-"

"You are always welcome here," Logan replied with a firm glance. He sipped the coffee and went to his wife's side. He kissed Allison's temple, gave her shoulder a squeeze, and whispered something that made her smile. "Give me a few hours, Devon. I'll be in my office with my team going over the clues."

A sickening wave of dizziness almost knocked Devon off her feet. "No, I've had enough of my privacy stolen. You are not allowed to invade my personal life, Logan. I love you and all, but forget it. Whatever those cameras caught is off-limits."

"I don't mean that literally. Whatever was caught, it was done on live feed. There's no actual footage."

Relief swamped her. "At least that's one ray of sunshine through this steaming pile of crap."

Logan took Sammy with his free arm and said to Allison, "Go get some sleep, baby. I'll take him for a few hours before I head into work."

Allison sent him a look filled with so much love and devotion, Devon felt like she was trespassing on their moment. "Thanks," Allison said with a grateful sigh. She gave Devon a hug. "I hope this works out, and you get rid of this guy before he causes anymore damage."

Devon hugged her back. "If anyone can help solve this mystery, it's Logan and Trey." Allison nodded and drifted down the hallway toward their master bedroom. Devon stared after her. "Poor thing, she's beyond beat."

"She's a champ, for sure," Logan agreed. His expression filled with loving concern, and his gaze lingered on his wife until she disappeared from sight. Then he shifted Sammy on his hip while gesturing after Allison with his coffee mug. "We need to give your mama a break, buddy. She's growing your little brother or sister inside her, and that's a lot of work."

It warmed Devon to her soul to see Logan enjoying his role as a family man. His caring responsiveness toward Allison, and his dedication to fatherhood, renewed her faith that there really were men who put family before anything else.

An image snapped into her mind like the click of a camera, of Trey holding a child in his arms, looking over at her and smiling.

A swell of emotion seized her throat. Palms clammy, she felt faint.

"You okay?" Logan asked, taking a step toward her.

"Sure," she said in a rushed exhale, gripping the back of their couch. "I'm fine." She gathered her composure. That was an image she never wanted to see again. Because it would never be hers. "If there's no video, then what are you and your team looking at today?"

"By footage, I meant we'll go over your security system's data. There's a bio-feed that's part of your system, plus the material and leads we've gathered so far. First, we'll track where the devices were purchased. They're very specific and high-end. Your hacker has expensive taste in surveillance equipment."

Acidic disgust filled her mouth. "Lucky me." She took a swig of hot coffee that burned her tongue. She swallowed hard. "Do you think you can learn whether someone besides me disarmed my system and came into my home?"

"That and any other anomalies we find along the way. Trust me," he said with a purposeful glance. "We'll get this guy any way we can."

"You never should've been involved. I wish Trey hadn't called you."

"He did exactly what I would've done if our roles were reversed," Logan insisted. "He obviously cares about you. He made the right decision."

Devon rolled her eyes. "I disagree. But since I can't do anything about it now, I'm really glad you're helping me."

He nodded. "Keeping people safe is what I do."

She supposed Logan and Trey shared a similar mind in that regard. They did everything in their power to keep safe the people who counted on them. Even though technically she didn't count on Trey for anything more than a paycheck.

When Logan shifted Sammy against his side, the boy started crying again. "I know it hurts, bud. This teething thing is no fun for any of us."

At the same time, Peanut scraped his paws against Devon's knees. "Looks like we're both in demand. Thanks for everything, Logan." She hoped the look she sent him encompassed her gratitude, despite her stubborn pride wanting to handle everything by herself. "Will you call me if you find anything new?"

"You bet."

Devon emptied the last of her coffee into the sink and set the mug in the dishwasher. She picked up Peanut, grabbed her overnight bag, and walked out into the warm summer morning.

Since Logan's team would return to her house shortly, and she wasn't up for a rerun of last night, she decided to head to the office. There was no shortage of work since the servers went down, and there would be no one there to interrupt or distract her on a Saturday morning. She stopped on the way to grab Peanut a few packs of Caesar's wet dog food and replenish her stash of nicotine gum, then pulled into the empty parking lot at Soren Security.

When she entered, the building was mausoleum silent and unnerving at first. As she headed for her office, she reminded herself how much she looked forward to the solitude and privacy. Elusive luxuries of late. Especially after learning the most intimate details of her life had been caught on camera.

Anger clawed through her. That bastard had done enough damage. She refused to give him free rent in her head. Instead, she'd focus on restoring the company's lost data and retooling her network's security.

Peanut gobbled his breakfast, then curled up under her desk and went to sleep. She settled in and absorbed herself in the blissfully uncomplicated world of ones and zeroes that provided the digital foundation for the work she loved.

The next time she glanced at the clock, it was eleven thirty. Her stomach growled. She yearned to inhale the puff of smoke from a cigarette. She reached for nicotine gum instead, rather proud of herself for not caving in to her former addiction, even with multiple layers of stress piling onto her life.

A few minutes later, she heard a knock. Startled, she glanced up and found Zander in her doorway, standing there with his usual reluctant awkwardness.

"Zander. What are you doing here on a Saturday?"

"Same thing you are, I guess." He tugged at the cuffs of his oversized shirtsleeves. "Catching up on work. We've had a crazy week."

"Amen to that." She waved him inside. "Something on your mind?"

"Yeah. I did some research on the guy who calls himself 'Captain Jack.'"

Devon sat straighter. "Please divulge."

"Did you know he was kicked out of DEFCON two years ago?"

"No way. Seriously?" This was the most interesting news she'd had in two years. She leaned forward setting her elbows on her desk. "For what?"

He scratched his ear. "It doesn't say, exactly. He might've done something invasive, even by hacker standards."

"Obviously, to get kicked out of DEFCON-I mean, that's the one place each year that programmers like us go to find acceptance." She let out a snort. "He must've really pissed someone off to get booted."

"From what I've learned, he was determined to crack a code that was actually up for an award that year."

Devon went still . "Two years ago...I was given the Signet Award for the facial recognition software I created for Stone Security."

"Oh. Oh, wow. I mean, I knew that." Zander raked a hand through his disheveled hair. "But I didn't connect the two situations until now."

"Me either." Devon felt familiar claws of repulsion scrape along her spine.

"If you don't mind me saying, Miss Leigh..." Zander blushed, then dragged a chair beside hers. "That award deserved to go to you. You overlaid facial recognition software over live streaming feed. The security system you created blew my mind. Everyone's. You made something no one thought existed. The forums sang your praises."

Devon grew uncomfortable under his unabashed admiration. "It worked. That's all I cared about, honestly."

Zander touched her shoulder. "There was nothing like it on the market. I-all of us-found our guru in security."

"Oh, please." Devon rolled her eyes. Sure, she'd created a great network security system, and, yes, she'd submitted it for Signet consideration, but she hadn't expected to receive the honor, much less gain national attention for it. "Anyone could've done what I did. It wasn't that remarkable."

"Miss Leigh," Zander said almost breathlessly, "I disagree. You proved that you're a hardhitter and trendsetter in the field. You set the bar."

She hid a wince. "Yeah, and then Captain Jack decided to take that bar and crack it in two."

"He has nothing on you," Zander assured. "He couldn't dream of being in your league."

"I agree," said a low, sexy voice from across the room. Devon looked up to see Trey, leaning against her doorframe with his arms folded.

Something strange happened in her chest when Trey entered and strode toward her. A sensation that fluctuated between reflexive tightness and then blossoming awareness. She'd never felt this before. With any man.

And he was already walking toward her. "Who invited you here?" she asked in a teasing voice.

"No one. But considering I'm your boss, I hope I'm allowed into your sacred inner circle."

Maybe it was his smile, calm and reassuring. Or his presence, so strong and inviting. Or the look he gave her, possessive and sizzling. Whatever it was that encompassed the essence of Trey, she found herself desiring him with a powerful and undeniable attraction.

Fierce longing swept through her, and she pulled in an unsteady breath. It was totally unfair that he affected her this way. So easily, without even trying. She swallowed. That couldn't be a good sign for her well-fortified detachment when it came to starting a relationship, even a purely sexual relationship. But at the moment, her fast-beating heart didn't care what her brain thought.

Devon's previous disturbing thoughts about Captain Jack dissipated. She smiled at Trey, as tingles of pleasure spilled down her back. But she disguised her elated response by throwing up her hands. "Why are so many people here on a Saturday? Honestly, can't a girl get a minute of peace?"

Trey sent her a potent look from beneath his eyebrows that had her heart skipping a beat. "Not when that girl hasn't touched base with me in twelve hours."

"I've been busy," she retorted, feeling no need to explain herself or her whereabouts to him. Although, it was, maybe, a little...nice to know he was checking in on her. That he cared about where she was and who she was with. Except, there was no need for Trey to throw Zander a get-the-hell-out-of-here look. "Zander and I were just discussing our job...and what to do with the wonderful big new budget we have to work within our department."

Zander gave her a double take. "What? They passed your budget?"

"Hell, yeah, they did." In camaraderie, she nudged Zander with her elbow. "You can't let upper management run roughshod over you. No matter what, stick to your guns. Demand the best. The least they can do is tell you no."

Trey shrugged. "She's right." He uncrossed his arms and came behind her desk, where she and Zander had been staring at her screen discussing her nemesis. Trey planted a hand on her desk, his chest conveniently brushing her shoulder, as though he were staking his claim. "There's a lot to be said for a little pressure. Some enticing. A smooth touch."

Devon coughed. Trey was doing one of two things: either being intimidating or being territorial. Regardless, neither one was appropriate.

"What he means," she explained, sending a quick, sharp glance at Trey over her shoulder, "is it's important to make your superiors recognize the value of their IT department."

"I think I get it." Zander scooted his chair far away from her and then stood. "It's a pleasure discussing work with you. I'll let you know if I find anything else."

She sent him an encouraging nod. "Please do."

When Zander closed the door, the latch clicked. And in under a second Trey's lips covered hers.

He slid his arm around her waist and hoisted her out of her chair, flattening her against him. His hand scraped up her scalp and tangled in her hair, the pressure holding her captive to his ravenous mouth.

Unsure where he would take this and not willing to break her personal code of no sex with her boss at the office, she crunched her hands in his shirt then let him go. Licking her lips, half-wishing she'd let him continue his oral exploration, she dropped into her chair and rolled in front of her keyboard. "I actually did come here to work."

Peanut perked up and pawed at her until she picked him up and set him on her lap. Her fingertips tapped at the keys until his hands came over her shoulders and began massaging. Her head fell back, her whole body melting under his touch.

"You know, I have a great cure for stress," he murmured against her ear.

She glanced up at him. "Is that right?"

"Is Peanut okay by himself?"

"I don't know. I've never brought him into the office before." She scratched behind Peanut's ear. "Zander could watch him. He and Peanut have interacted a few times."

"When?" Trey's demanded.

She threw her shoulders back. "Not that it's your business, but I've invited my team over to my house a few times for pizza and brainstorming sessions."

"Oh." He seemed to find that acceptable. Then he grabbed the phone on her desk and pressed the intercom button. His voice rang out over every phone speaker in the building, requesting Zander's presence in her office.

She stared at him. "A little over the top, don't you think?"

Trey shrugged. "I don't know his extension."

Zander arrived slightly out of breath. "Everything okay?"

"Fine," Trey stated. "We need you to watch Peanut for an hour. Think you can handle that?"

"Um, sure. Yeah. Heading out for lunch?"

"Something like that," Trey replied, sounding purposely vague.

When Zander approached her dog, Peanut curled his lip and snarled. Devon scoffed. "Peanut, shame on you. You remember Zander. He's been at our house with the rest of the team. He fed you his pizza crusts."

Peanut's lip-snarl quivered then relaxed.

"See? You're just fine." She set her hand on Zander's shoulder. "Thanks for the help. I haven't taken time off in the middle of the day in ages."

"I get it." Zander nodded. "Enjoy."

Ten minutes later, Trey led her through the doors of a swanky gym. She frowned. This was not at all what she'd hand in mind, when he told her he had a cure for her stress. She'd rather be lying on a janitor's cart with her heels in the air while Trey had his way with her.

Apparently, the man had other ideas.

And she wasn't sure what she'd agreed to, by coming here with him.

He'd promised that her wardrobe was fine-sports bra, t-shirt, and leggings were acceptable attire for a yoga class. But one look at the other women who entered along with them and Devon felt completely overdressed, in the frumpiest way possible.

Thanks a lot, Trey.

In fact, as the lights dimmed and the women rolled out their mats, she noticed a distinct triangle surrounding her. The yoga teacher at the room's head, then Trey and an annoyingly pretty woman beside him made up the second tier, and everyone else made rows behind them. Devon set up her mat at the very back of the room. No need to make an ass of herself in front of an audience.

Moments later, flute music started playing, and she attempted a "downward dog" on the mat Trey had let her borrow. Her ankles made a funny sound. Not natural. She was sure of that.

"Up on tiptoes, everyone," the uber-perky blonde instructor droned. "Then one heel to the mat, one heel flexed. That's good. Toes spread."

Devon wasn't sure what spread toes meant, but she was really glad she'd painted her toenails the other night. If she had to stare at her feet and see chipped polish, she might've walked out. A small reason to leave compared to this woman's instructor's insistence she make these bizarre poses.

Sure, she knew the gist of yoga. She'd even considered taking a Pilates class. Now? Hell, no. This was crazy, subjecting her body to the gymnastics this instructor described as they moved through the "Sun Salutation" and on to other contortionist positions.

This was supposed to be relaxing?

She'd rather go have a cigarette. Or even better, have sex with Trey.

Panting, she lifted her head from the downward dog position. She stole a glance at Trey who formed a triangle over his mat at the epicenter of the room. He looked like he was zoned out in a supernatural trance. But he was the hottest guy she'd ever laid eyes on.

The instructor continued naming poses. But the idea of bending her left leg over her elbow seemed trivial and unnatural to Devon. She'd rather enjoy the view.

Collapsing, she sat cross-legged on her borrowed mat, glad she'd chosen the back row. Was awakening kundalini energy a side effect of yoga? Because sexual awareness sizzled throughout her entire being.

She licked her lips, watching Trey's body move. He wore a sleeveless Under Armour tank, and the chiseled muscles in his arms were on full display. The fabric molded to every ripple his abs created, contracting as he shifted from pose to pose. She wanted to run her tongue along the center groove that traveled from the middle of his chest, down his six-pack, and below the waist of his workout pants.

The instructor's jargon about flowing through poses with a tight core activated Devon's sweat glands. She felt very grounded in the moment, as though seeing a bronze statue of physical male perfection come to life.

As instructed, she focused on her breathing, inhaling slowly. Exhaling slowly. Envisioning Trey in the upward dog position between her thighs. Hot. She wished they were alone, so he could give her a private performance. She shivered, recalling how he'd held her firmly against his face while his mouth brought her to orgasm on the hood of his car. She couldn't stop picturing him in her bed, making a memorable dent in the wall with her headboard.

The scent of perspiration and incense heightened her arousal. Her heart rate accelerated. She wanted all those big hard muscles flexing around her, above her, inside her.

At the tantalizing image, she inhaled sharply. The woman beside her looked at her askance.

"Sorry," she whispered. She couldn't control the desire flooding her veins. She'd never been so attracted to a man.

Apparently, she wasn't alone.

As she glanced at the five rows of females in front of her, Devon realized every woman in the room was drooling over Trey. A flash of jealousy sent an uncomfortable flush crawling over her skin. Any glimpse of relaxation fled, replaced by restlessness and the urge to announce that the gorgeous guy in the front of the room was hers. So back off, ladies.

Maybe if he satiated her between the sheets, she'd get him out of her system. Everything would go back to normal. But she had the sobering suspicion this man would alter her expectations of normal...and once she had him, she'd want more of him. She hadn't expected herself to fall all over a man after one yoga session. But damn, she couldn't blame the women in his class for drooling over him.

It was probably best that she'd leave Denver soon. She hated the thought of seeing Trey with another woman, possibly one in this room, once their fling ended and he moved on to fertile pastures.

A part of her withered inside. She couldn't give this devoted family man what he wanted most-a family of his own.

"Return to cobbler's pose," the instructor said. "Now, lie on your back, knees together, and feel the balanced energy renew your spirit."

The only thing Devon felt renewed was her decision to take the job in Phoenix. She promptly crossed yoga off her list of relaxing activities. She'd stick to wine and online gaming. And sweaty sex with Trey, as soon as the opportunity presented itself.

"Namaste," the instructor cooed, "and be well."

Everyone in the room stood and rolled up their yoga mats. She did the same, but it took a few tries because it kept going cockeyed.

Several women approached Trey before Devon had the chance. They fawned all over him under the lame pretext of asking his opinion on various poses. Devon crossed her arms and glared at them.

"Was this your first class?"

Devon dragged her gaze from Trey to find the instructor staring at her expectantly. She shrugged. "I guess it's pretty obvious. Sorry if I ruined anyone's flow."

"I'm glad you joined us." The petite blonde gave a warm smile. "Everyone is welcome, no matter what their level of experience. Yoga is a personal practice, so don't worry about anyone else's flow except your own." She patted Devon's arm. "It's fortunate you came just in time. This class is always full, and sometimes we have to turn people away."

"I'm sure," Devon replied dryly. And she guessed Trey had a lot to do with that exorbitant turnout. Hell, even she'd endure an hour of contortionism to ogle Trey if she didn't already get to see him on a daily basis.

"Well, I hope you'll come back."

I'd rather eat glass. "Thanks."

A broad hand rested on her lower back and sent electric tingles up her spine. "Great session, Melody," Trey said in his deep, resonant voice.

"Nice to see you, Trey. As always." The instructor turned her attention to another attendee.

Swallowing the sour taste in her mouth, she said to Trey, "I take it this is a Saturday ritual for you."

He nodded. "So what did you think?"

"I think next time we should try kick-boxing."

He gave a short laugh. "Not your thing, huh?"

"No, it wasn't relaxing. Sorry."

Leaning down, he whispered in her ear. "Then I'll have to give you a massage later."

Desire ignited and burned away her jealousy. "That sounds tempting." With a flirtatious tone, she added, "But I only go for full-body messages."

He smiled against her temple. "That can be arranged."

"And I want the full hour."

The sexy stubble on his jaw scraped her cheek. "What if I feel like going longer?"

Sexual anticipation ignited her veins. "I'll try to endure."

"Once I get my hands you, you might not have a choice." He squeezed her waist. "I'll come by your house around seven."

"I'll write you into my appointment book," she said with a coy smile.

His gaze turned smoky. "While you're at it, cancel any other plans you have."

"Oh, really?"

"I like to take my time." His thumb slid beneath the waist of her leggings and traced her panty line. "I'm very thorough."

Oh, my God, take me now. "I look forward to testing that theory."

"Then I suggest you stop working for the day. Go home, get some rest."

"Why?"

His eyes glittered with heated promise. "Because you won't be getting much sleep tonight."

Chapter 6

As much as Trey had wanted to take Devon back to work, lead her up to his office, and defy several ethical codes of conduct with her on his desk, he'd forced himself to wait. Even though he suspected the anticipation just might kill him. Their sexual innuendos in the yoga studio had sent desire soaring through his veins, and his blood still hadn't cooled.

After nodding to the nighttime security guard and stowing two sets of blueprints in his trunk, he drove out of the Soren Security parking lot and headed to the construction site of his contractor. He'd had revisions drawn up by his architect, stamped and approved by the city, and he wanted his contractor renovating his house as soon as possible.

Cranking the top down on his car, he passed Confluence Park, where joggers and cyclists made colorful crisscrossing patterns as they passed each other. Two young families were setting up picnics alongside dozens of dog-walkers and some coeds playing Frisbee. Then he stopped at a red light and absently watched a troop of little kids cross the street with three chaperones herding them along the crosswalk. He smiled as they marched single-file into the Children's Museum.

Trey looked forward to his own kids enjoying the benefits of living in Denver. The green parks and wilderness trails. The great schools. The museums and rich cultural heritage. So opposite to the dusty haze and crowded neon lights of Vegas. And he'd totally be the dad who chaperoned every field trip. A perk of owning his business. He set his schedule, and he could take whatever flex-time he wanted.

When the light changed, he shifted gears and his mind drifted to Devon. He hoped she took his advice and got some sleep. He'd hated seeing the tension still stamped on her face and the hint of dark circles under her eyes. Too worried about her, he honestly hadn't slept well last night, either. He wished she'd stayed with him instead of Logan and Allison. He would've held her all night. Nothing else, just held her. Assuring her that she was safe. That he wouldn't let anything happen to her. Ever.

But that might've come across as kind of intense, he thought with a troubled sigh. He ran a hand through his hair when rushing wind flicked it into his eyes. Devon was as self-sufficient and independent as they came. Somehow, he needed to find a way to convince her that relying on someone didn't mean surrendering her autonomy or sacrificing everything.

And that being together twenty-four/seven wouldn't conflict with her life goals. He'd found the woman he wanted to achieve life's goals with, someone who had his back while he had hers. He loved Devon's spark. Her energy and spontaneity balanced well with his grounded steadiness and constancy. She made him feel alive inside, and he intended to hold onto that, hold onto her, as long as possible.

If it were up to him, he'd never let her go.

He turned into John Paxton's construction site and pulled up beside a familiar Harley-Davidson. The collection of skulls spray painted on the tank trailed by red and yellow flames was hard to forget. Then a man who looked suspiciously like his cousin and the motorcycle's owner stepped out of the construction trailer and strode his way.

He squinted against the bright sunlight. "Adam?"

"Yo." He wore his typical black jeans, tight black t-shirt, and biker boots, with a pair of mirrored sunglasses tucked into a button hole on his leather vest.

"Considering a career change?" Trey asked dryly.

Adam gave a brief laugh. "Nah. I was checking out the database of our bodyguards' assignments."

"And that led you to John Paxton?"

Adam scratched his ear where his American Flag bandana smoothed his chin-length hair back from his face. "One of the guys I ride with in our Denver motorcycle club does construction for Paxton. Since the job just ended, I asked Paxton if Bruno could moonlight for us."

"Sure." Trey shrugged. "You came all the way here to ask him in person?"

"Didn't want to step on any toes, man. I found a sweet assignment for Bruno. A request for a bodyguard came in from a builder who's getting the shakedown from someone he fired from his crew. He wants presence when he goes to his job sites. You know, so I figured since Bruno gets the lay of the land in construction, he'd be a good fit for the gig."

"Nice." Trey tried to keep his astonishment from showing on his face. Maybe Adam was actually finding his niche. Though, if Trey made a big deal out of it, Adam would probably deny this sudden interest in the placement of their bodyguards and detach again. So Trey gestured to the plans stacked under his arm. "John said he'd handle the renovation on my place."

When Adam grinned, his dark three-day-old beard scruff deepened the brackets around his mouth. "What? You don't dig your yellow flowered wall paper and orange shag carpet?"

"Not so much." Trey shook his head. "I wanted the demo started yesterday."

"How long will it take?"

"John's estimate is six weeks."

"In construction terms, you're looking at twelve weeks."

Adam was probably right. "Most likely. It's an older place. There's no telling what they'll find when they start taking down walls."

Adam plucked his mirrored shades from his vest and slid them onto his face. "You need a place to crash, just give me a heads up."

"Will do. Thanks, Adam."

"Yup." His cousin straddled the Harley, revved the v-twin engine and kicked up a few stones as he veered toward the highway.

Trey couldn't be happier about Adam's show of investment in their bodyguard business. Maybe Adam would buy a home, too. Put down roots. Instead of squatting in a rental downtown, in a less than stellar neighborhood. But Trey appreciated the small sign of progress Adam showed today.

He knocked on the door of John Paxton's construction trailer. When John invited him in, they went over the blueprints and Trey wrote out a check for half the cost of the job. He told himself this was a good investment, because a newly renovated house on his incredible property doubled its value. Even though he could afford it, writing all those zeroes for a non-business-related expense made his hand clench briefly.

After spending years scraping by on bare bones for years to funnel ninety percent of their bounty hunter income into savings, Trey now enjoyed financial freedom. While he'd endured yellow flowered wallpaper and the country '70s vibe in his place long enough, the frugal side of him balked at the ghastly amount for the renovations. Even as the billionaire inside reminded him that money was no longer a problem.

As he handed John the check, he wondered what Devon's opinion would be on the new vision for his home. Would she think he was extravagant? Maybe she wouldn't like his taste in decor.

With a parting handshake, and Devon on his mind, he left John's trailer and slid his phone from his pocket. He searched the Internet for the restaurant he had in mind and dialed the number. "Yeah, I'd like to make reservations for two, at eight o'clock."

Devon deserved to be wined and dined. No matter how much the thought tempted him, he refused to just show up at her house and carry her off to bed. If he didn't respect and admire Devon so much-and if he didn't care if what they had shared between them lasted-he might've done that.

But Devon wasn't a cheap thrill or a quick fling to him. He wanted a whole lot more than that. So, like he'd told himself from the start, he'd take this slow. That included taking her out to dinner, treating her like the prize she was, draping her in jewels. Making it clear she was the center of his world. A thought occurred to him, and he made an unplanned stop at the jewelry store, where he'd gotten his grandfather's watch fixed a few months ago.

Once having conducted the transaction with the jeweler, he went home, and spread his copy of the blueprints out on his dining room table. He spent a half-hour reviewing the renovation plans. Hours slipped past, and when he realized the time he went to clean up for his date.

Freshly showered, his gut coiling with anticipation, with the need to be near her, he rang Devon's doorbell.

While Peanut went crazy, Trey felt compassion for the animal. For two straight days it had been uprooted from its routine. He liked routine, too, unless the diversion included Devon.

From behind the door, he heard her subduing her dog. At least this time, the screen wasn't open to any nut-job who attempted to approach her house.

"I'll be right there."

"It's me," he assured. "Take your time."

When she unlocked her door, he stepped inside. He took one look at her and nearly lost his self-control. She wore a form-fitting, little black dress that hugged her tight curves. He'd rather see that dress on the floor as he spread her out across his bed.

He stiffened everywhere as appreciation warred with his territorial streak. "You look phenomenal."

"Thanks," she said with a bright red-lipped smile. An image flashed in his mind of those red lips traveling down his stomach, feeling her hair glide across his waist as she reached down to grab his-

Shit. Keep it together, Trey.

He gave his head a quick shake. He'd promised himself he would act like a gentleman, even if his thoughts kept veering into the sexual gutter. "I made reservations for eight."

"Reservations? I was under the impression we'd stay in tonight." The inviting sensual look on her face battered his self-composure.

"We have all night. I want to make the most of my time with you, and Luca D'Italia's pasta is calling my name."

"Italian sounds great." Her voice softened. "I haven't been out to dinner in ages."

He noted that she wore no jewelry except silver pendant earrings. He smiled privately. "Close your eyes and turn around."

She sent him a curious glance. "Okay..." Her eyes slid shut and she turned a half-circle in her sexy red high heels, which would also look good on the floor next to her dress. His erection throbbed.

Instead of sweeping her into his arms and carrying her upstairs, he reached into his suit coat pocket and removed the necklace he'd purchased. Gliding her hair to the side, he draped the piece over her collarbones. Unable to help himself, he pressed a kiss to her exposed neck, then fastened the clasp and slid her hair back into place.

"Turn around," he murmured against her ear.

Her hand went to her throat. "What's this for?"

"For being you."

She moved to the mirror over a small table beside the front door. Her eyes flew wide. "Holy crap. Are these real diamonds?"

He crossed his arms. "Do you even have to ask?"

"It's gorgeous." Lips slightly parted, she traced the obsidian stones encrusted with diamonds. Her eyes sparkled with appreciation then dimmed. "I can't accept this, Trey."

He frowned. "Yes, you can."

"It's too much."

He came to stand behind her, resting a hand on her shoulder. Their gazes met in the mirror. "No, it's just right."

They stood there together for a long moment. He saw her conflicted emotions play out on her features. He wished she'd relax, let go and stop wondering if he had ulterior motives. Hadn't he proven that by now?

"It's a gift, sweetheart." He kissed the top of her head. "Someone needs to spoil you. I want it to be me."

"I don't mean to sound ungrateful," she added in a rush. "The necklace is stunning." A blush crested her cheeks. "I guess I'm not used to receiving extravagant gifts."

"Then get used to it." He slid his hand down her arm and twined his fingers with hers. "You're an amazing woman who deserves the best." He couldn't wait to see her wearing this necklace and nothing else. Later, he reminded himself and tugged her toward the door. "Let's drive around and see what we can find to keep us entertained until dinner."

As he headed downtown, he caught her touching the necklace several times, and the wistful smile on her lips warmed him. It stroked his pride to know he'd outdone her former lovers, though he found it hard to believe those men hadn't set her on a pedestal and worshipped her. Hey, at least they'd made it easy for him to show how much he appreciated all the intriguing facets of this special woman.

"Want to grab a martini somewhere?" he asked.

"Actually, we could..." She stopped and shook her head. "Never mind."

"What?"

She picked at the black sequins on her wristlet purse. "Maybe another time."

He reached for her hand and smoothed his thumb across the points of her knuckles. "Devon, what were you going to say?"

She shrugged. "It's silly and juvenile."

"So?"

A smile tugged her lips. "I don't suppose you'd want to waste an hour at the new arcade that just opened up downtown?"

He grinned. "Absolutely."

After the stress at work over the last week, not to mention the emotional strain of the past twenty-four hours, playing a few arcade games would offer a fun distraction. He wished he'd thought of it.

When they walked into the crowded two-story space, bright lights, the smell of stale beer, digitized musical sounds, and shouts of success or loss assaulted his senses. The carnival-like atmosphere reminded him of places along the Vegas Strip.

He curved his arm around her waist. "Where do we start?"

"I've been dying to shoot some zombies."

The fiendish gleam in her eyes took him by surprise, and he laughed. He swept his arm in front of her. "Lead the way, slayer."

Trey fondly recalled weekends as a kid when his cousins came over to play marathon sessions of Mario Brothers with him and Cade on their Nintendo. But he barely remembered the last time he'd played arcade games or even a video game. He'd invested some effort in Star Craft, but lost interest when the sequel took forever to launch. Cade had immersed himself in World of Warcraft for a few years then gave it up because the quests were too intensive and time-consuming. Adam continued his obsession with Call of Duty, and Liam had become a champ at Assassin's Creed.

The four of them needed to hang out together again, instead of leading parallel lives that only converged at the office. Meeting up with his brother and cousins at the arcade jumped to the top of his to-do list.

Even though he and Devon were way overdressed and glaringly out of place in the jeans-and-t-shirt crowd, he didn't care and she didn't seem to either. He was glad she'd suggested this entertaining pit stop.

They approached a promising game with bright red pistols waiting to unleash invisible bullets on zombies.

"Ready to roll?" he asked.

"You know it." She grinned. "Try and keep up."

Devon realized the game had been upgraded a version or two since she'd last played it in an arcade. Better graphics made the undead super creepy and gory, and her trigger finger got a workout. She jerked the gun down to reload every few seconds, before taking aim and continuing the slaughter. She led the way around the maze, but Trey held his own.

When the zombies led a sneak attack, they couldn't keep up with the creatures. Their reincarnations were up, and the clock started counting down to the end of the game. Trey dug in his pocket for the gaming card and swiped it with two seconds to spare.

The game resumed. She explained a strategy to avoid another takedown, and they succeeded against the zombie attack this time. She grinned, laughed, and had a blast.

This is why she wanted to work for ActionNet, a company that created games people loved to play. She adored games requiring strategy, and she wanted to build her own post-apocalyptic zombie world. Video games offered hours of fun and enjoyment, but they also brought people together and united like minds in fascinating ways.

She lived for this kind of mental and visual stimulation and the chance to unleash her competitive streak. She so looked forward to her new career.

The two of them made it to level four before the game threw a stampede of zombies at them, ending their successful reign over the undead.

Depositing the plastic gun in its perch, he slid his arm around her and stole a quick kiss. "Not bad. I'd have you on my team any day."

She grinned. "When the apocalypse hits, you'll be the first one I call."

"I'd better be." He led her outside and he drove toward the restaurant where he'd made reservations.

AC/DC's You Shook Me All Night Long played on his satellite radio. He turned it up then let his hand drift back to her thigh. His thumb traced the hem of her short dress.

Devon bit her lip. She wished his thumb would caress the ache that had been building between her thighs since the yoga class. She pictured his muscles sweat-soaked and gleaming.

Moisture saturated her black thong panties.

Uncrossing her legs, she shifted in the passenger seat. His wrist stiffened when his palm met her inner thigh.

She stole a quick glance at him. He stared straight ahead, a lock of dark hair curved over his eyebrow. His profile was chiseled perfection. Expressionless, except for the hint of tension gathering at the corner of his eye.

The pad of his thumb traced a faint circle, scattering pleasure over her sensitized skin. His palm grew hot against her thigh. She made no move to close her legs. Instead, she slumped lower in the seat, causing his hand to settle closer to her juncture.

A small muscle flexed in his jaw. Then his thumb made a purposeful sweep beneath the fabric. His long fingers curved around her inner thigh. She parted her legs another fraction, an invitation she prayed he'd take.

And he did.

The tips of his fingers strummed against her inner thigh, and his knuckles grazed her other thigh, a leisurely caress. Like he had all the time in the world.

A flush of anticipation tingled over her skin. She'd never needed a man's touch so badly.

Taking his free hand off the wheel for a second, he pressed a button on his dash and the top came up on his convertible, sealing them in shadows. Without a word, he reclaimed the wheel and recommitted to his exploration. He massaged her left inner thigh, the edge of his hand drawing closer and closer to where she ached for his touch.

Using the back of his hand he nudged her right leg, parting her legs further. His fingertips inched toward their destination. Then the tip of his middle finger traced the small triangle of lace covering her intimate parts.

The music barely covered her gasp when his hand cupped her mound. Through the lace, he caught her flesh between two fingers, squeezing with just the right pressure to make her throb. Her thighs gave a quiver of approval, but then he removed his hand, making her want to weep with disappointment. She didn't mind being teased, but knowing what he could do with his mouth and imagining what he could do with his hands and hard erection, wound her tight.

Then he swiftly reached across her lap, unbuckled her seatbelt, and thankfully returned to the spot warm and eager for his touch. Without the confining strap, she had room to spread her legs wider.

His hand disappeared under her dress. This time his talented fingers pulled aside the damp crotch of her panties, leaving her slick skin exposed and eager for his touch. He began with one fingertip, a slow up and down motion against her slit.

Then he spread her folds. Her nails bit into the leather seat as his middle finger slid the entire length of her crease. Lust caught her nerve endings on fire.

"You're so wet." His gruff murmur sent a shiver up her spine.

She was glad he'd put the top up on his car. Because she didn't want him to stop and didn't want to wait until they were somewhere more private than the streets of downtown.

The man knew how to please a woman's body-as if the oral sex on his car hood wasn't the first indication. She sighed, his fingers working magic against her heat, gliding with steady, sure strokes. Like he knew exactly what she wanted, needed.

Her hips hitched when the knot of lust pulled tight in her clit. She ached and strained, riding his touch. "Oh, my God."

"Is that good? You like that?" he asked, his voice a rasp in his throat.

"Yes..."

Cupping her mound, he pressed his callused palm against her clit. His fingertip traced her opening, then slid deep inside.

"Oh! Mmm...yes. Yes."

He hissed a curse. "I want to pull over and watch you come for me."

"Too late." Her thighs trembled. She took a sharp breath. "Don't you dare stop."

Slapping her hand over his, she held him against her. Heat spiraled downward. Her flesh puckered, swelled and an orgasm burst through her body.

"Yes!" She drew rapid breaths. "Ahhh...yes..."

Her peak throbbed against his touch. He made slow, gentle strokes, prolonging the intoxicating sensations ebbing and flowing as she jerked and shivered against his palm. His finger flicked inside her, and renewed sexual need gathered deep in her core.

He continued stroking her for several minutes, before he withdrew his finger, then his hand. He lifted it to his mouth and sucked his middle finger. "You have no idea how many naughty things I want to do to you right now."

"You know," she said, leaning toward him. She cupped the hard ridge straining his pants. The large, hard ridge. "We don't have to go out. I still have Chinese in my fridge from last night."

Relief swamped his features. "I love the way you think."

Immediately, he turned in the direction of her house. She ran her hand up and down his stiff length while he gripped the steering wheel.

Then he seized her wrist and jerked her hand away. "You can't keep doing that, or I'll embarrass myself."

She slid him a wicked grin. "There's nothing wrong with being turned on."

Arching an eyebrow, he released her wrist and shifted into fourth gear, tearing through the streets. The muscle in his jaw flexed. "I'm too turned on. You have no idea what you do to me. Or what I plan to do to you."

Her inner thighs ached with renewed lust.

In record time, Trey pulled the Audi into her driveway. They'd barely made it inside when his lips were on hers, his tongue swirling and searching.

Upstairs, he tore his mouth from hers and asked, "Which door?"

"Second on the right," she said just before he captured her lips again.

He picked her up and walked into her bedroom, kissing frantically, pulling at her clothes. She felt the edge of the bed behind her knees. Breaking their kiss, he sent her to the mattress with enough force to make her head bounce. "You are mine. All night," he growled.

He crawled up her body, dropping heated kisses along the way. He toed off his shoes.

After he toed off his shoes, he kneeled, sat back on his heels and pulled her hips up to meet his. Back arched, her ass rested on the tops of his thighs. Sliding his hands down her legs, then under her dress, he grabbed the thin straps of her thong. He urged her heels into the air as he dragged the thong up over her knees, her calves, her toes, and sent it to the floor.

The backs of her calves rested against his chest. He took the heel of one red shoe in his hand, but paused. Smoky desire swirled in his eyes. "We're keeping these on."

Breathless, she nodded. He wrapped her legs around his waist then scrunched the hem of her dress in his fists. She sat up to make undressing her easier. With a rough tug, he whipped her dress up over her head then flung it to the floor beside her thong.

His gaze drank her in with a thorough exploration. Slowing his seduction, his palms whispered over her skin as she lay exposed to him. "Your body is incredible. Like you were made for me."

She hitched her hips, aching to be claimed by him, wanting to fulfill her secret fantasies with his potent, physical reality. "Then make me yours."

"Hell, yes." Eyes locked on her, he swiftly unbuttoned his shirt and tore it off.

She reached toward him, undid his belt buckle and unzipped his pants. She reached into his boxers and wrapped her fingers around the smooth tight skin of his erection.

God, he was huge. Just like the rest of him. And just as hot. And hard.

The naked expanse of his chest rose and fell rapidly as she stroked him. His lips parted slightly as he watched her hand move on him. He closed his eyes and groaned.

"Damn," he said in a strangled voice.

Then his eyes flew open, their fierce possessiveness trapping her in the midnight depths. He shoved his pants and boxers down. Then he caught her wrists and pinned them above her head as he came over her.

Then he plunged into her heat.

She sucked in a gasp. His girth stretched her to the limit. Thick and heavy inside her. Warm and muscular around her. He felt so good.

Then he froze. "Shit. Condom."

She crossed her ankles behind his back, holding him in place. "Don't worry. I'm covered."

"Good." He sent a long stroke into her. "Because I don't think I can stop."

"Then don't," she breathed.

His mouth captured her lips, a searing brand of ownership.

Then his body claimed her with hard, powerful drives.

Secretly, she loved when a man took charge in bed. She wanted control in all other aspects of her life. But behind the bedroom door, she wanted to be controlled and dominated. Taken for his pleasure. As he met her needs in return.

And Trey proved oh so good at meeting her needs. It tantalized her to be surrounded by his large body, one of his hands imprisoning her wrists, the other gliding behind her back, tucking under her tailbone, holding her captive to his forceful thrusts. His chest grazed her nipples as he rode her toward the summit of bliss they both sought.

As much as she wanted to keep her eyes closed and lose herself in the full-body sensations he delivered, she lifted her lashes. She caught the darkened silhouette of his shoulders as he rocked above her and met his gaze. He stared at her with raw intensity, making her feel as if she were the center of his world. Cherished. Desired.

"Is this what you wanted?" he murmured gruffly.

"Yes." Enamored by the sight of him, the sensations of him stroking inside her, she knew no spoken words could adequately describe the potency of his sexual prowess, let alone the emotions he provided.

Huge and thickly muscled, his incredible body made her cave to the feminine desire to be owned and consumed. "I love the way you take me," she whispered.

After some tugging, she pried one wrist free to coast her hand along the chiseled musculature of his arm. His skin was hot to the touch as she wrapped her hand around his bicep, a huge bulge of granite beneath her palm. When she caressed his chest and stomach, his muscles contracted and rippled under her fingertips.

The effects of his sexual exertion formed a mist over his body. His skin grew slick. She reached around his muscular torso, scraping her nails up his back.

"You don't know how long I've wanted you." The intensity in his gaze sharpened until it almost hurt to look into his eyes. Usually, her sexual encounters were about physical gratification, not this deep connection unleashing complex emotions that swirled inside her.

"I've wanted this, too..." she revealed, her voice trailing off with a moan.

She dug her heels into his backside. He pumped harder.

"Oh, yeah. Oh, my God." She threw her head back against her pillow, her neck and back arching to meet his thrusts. "Yes," she cried as an orgasm built inside her.

"I want to make you scream," he growled.

She gasped as tension built like a rising storm. "I want to feel you come inside me."

"Ladies first." When he tucked his face into her neck, his mouth latched onto her, sucking hard. His breath came in heated bursts against her skin. His scent surrounded her, a mingling of sweat, spiced cologne and sexual heat.

"Please don't stop," she begged, losing herself to the sensations building and swirling inside her core.

His thrusts turned hard and focused. "Ah, God," he groaned.

"Yes...yes!" She clamped her thighs around his waist as spasms shuddered through her. Her nails carved into her palms. Bliss radiated like rockets across her nerve endings, the electric sensation spreading in waves out to her limbs.

His moans built to a heavy crescendo.

Suddenly, he stopped breathing. Every muscle tightened around her like the iron bars of a cage. Then his groan reverberated against her skin as a hot splash released inside her.

She hugged him tight, enjoying his heavy throbbing that elicited a few lingering tremors inside her. Eventually, she relaxed the clasp of her ankles, resting the heels of her shoes against his oh-so-fine ass.

"Damn. That was so good." He shivered in her arms.

"Mmm, I agree," she murmured, gliding her fingertips up the damp trail of his spine.

He pulsed inside her. "Makes me want to take you again. Right now."

"Now?" She'd never had a lover demand seconds. Not this soon.

Surprised, she glanced up at him. The smoldering fire in his eyes and the again-hard length within her proved his point.

"This is what happens when you make me wait."

She raised her palm. "Hey, I would've been on board ages ago, if you'd shown your interest before."

He arched an eyebrow. "I guess I should've stopped being a gentleman and gone with instinct instead."

"No, I'm all for you being a gentleman. I'm just glad you made your...intentions known."

"Now you know." The hungry look returned to his eyes. His length thickened in her slick channel, and a deliberate flex, followed by another, instantly renewed her desire.

She smiled. "Beyond the shadow of a doubt."

He sat up, clutching her hips as he brought her with him, her ass against his thighs again as he withdrew partway. He flattened one hand on the sheets, and his thumb grazed her temple. "Let me know if you ever have doubts about how much I want you. I promise I'll make them go away."

As he spoke the words, a deep-set light shone in his eyes, like the sentiment came from his soul. A little too deep for a fling meant to satiate the needs of the flesh. She brought her thoughts back to the physical when she sent him a sultry look and grazed her fingertips down his perfect six-pack abs. "That sounds promising."

"I'll make your doubts go away right now," he offered.

"How generous of you," she said with a flirtatious smile.

"I aim to please."

"Trey, believe me, you deliver." He was the best lover she'd ever had, and he'd proven that in less than thirty minutes.

He arched a seductive eyebrow. "Sweetheart, I just started."

Grasping her hips, he thrust her to the base of his shaft. She moaned and arched.

Heat blazed in his eyes, branding her naked body as he swept her with his gaze. "You are unbelievably sexy."

Her eyes traveled over his exquisite torso, an impressive expanse of glistening muscle and sinew that made her mouth water. "I can say the same."

When he sat up slightly onto his heels, he forced her into a deeper angle, enhancing his penetration. He buried himself in her, then withdrew several inches. "Do you like watching me move inside you?"

A soft moan accompanied her exhale. Her gaze fixed on where they joined.

"Feels so good." She luxuriated in the brush of his firm sack against her backside, as he continued his slow hip-rolling thrusts.

Then he brought her legs up, her red high heels framing his face. He flattened his forearm against her thighs, pressing her tighter to him. Her shoulder blades dug into the mattress beneath her. She felt the muscles rippling down his torso against the backs of her legs. His opposite hand caressed her breast, tweaked her nipple between two fingers, and then slid down her abdomen.

The edge of his thumb dipped into the neatly trimmed vee of curls at her juncture, stroking her clit. He dipped lower, gathering moisture from where they were joined as he moved his hips against her, his erection hot and hard.

Then he dragged the pad of his thumb back up to her swollen peak, caressing her in sensual circles. He intensified his thrusts, driving deep into her core.

The moist slap of skin against skin filled the air. She was going to come again. And with the orgasm he gave her in his car, that made three in under an hour. A personal first.

The future drifted into a hazy distance. All she wanted, needed, was this moment. And him.

His thumb flicked her as he drove into her heat. "So good," she panted.

"Hell, yeah." Without missing a stroke, he turned his head to the right and his teeth nipped her ankle. Then he swirled his tongue over the raw skin.

"Oh...oh, oh!" A fierce orgasm ripped through her, shaking her to her bones.

"That's it, Devon. Take me. Take it all." His thighs trembled. His forearm was a vice against her thighs, and his stomach muscles seized against the backs of her thighs. He was a sight to behold, arms trapping her legs against his chest, head tossed back, neck muscles corded prominently. He let out a guttural groan and came hard.

She'd never witnessed anything as glorious as watching his body tighten and then release so completely. He was the most incredible man she'd ever taken to bed. And, if she were honest, the most incredible man she'd ever known.

Except that was bringing things too close to home. Too close to something she'd want to keep and hold onto in the future. Only, her future lay elsewhere.

But right now, he collapsed on top of her and lay in her arms. She soaked in every minute of his big, powerful presence surrounding her. However long they had together, she planned to get lost in this phenomenal sensation of being his.

Distantly, she heard sirens blaring. She smiled against his shoulder. "I think the authorities found us too hot to handle. There could be a law against sex this good."

Setting his weight on his forearms, he grinned down at her. "They're coming to douse this five-alarm fire we have going."

Soon, she wondered if he wasn't off the mark. "Trey, that sounds really close."

Withdrawing from her and untangling himself from her legs, he slid to the edge of the bed near the window. His eyebrows drew together in a frown. "Actually, the red-and-blues are right outside your house."

She sat up. "Seriously?"

Cupping her chin, he planted a hot kiss on her lips. Without bothering with his boxers, he grabbed his pants, tucked himself inside and zipped the fly. "I'll go check it out."

The chill that came over her led to a sinister conclusion.

After everything Logan's team had worked to uncover, could this hacker have struck again?

Chapter 7

Trey caressed the lips of the woman who'd just given him two of the most intense orgasms of his life.

He gave her a quick kiss. "I'm sure it's nothing," he lied, suspecting otherwise. As he made his way downstairs, his heart pounded. When he'd looked out her bedroom window, he saw the cop car parked in her driveway, and the shadow of a burly male figure filling her doorway. With the hacker never far from his mind, he hoped to God this wasn't another attempt to torment her.

When a fist beat against her screen door, Peanut went on a barking rampage.

"Coming," Trey announced. He swiped Peanut up with one hand, unlocked her deadbolt and opened the interior door. The police officer's stone-faced expression changed to one of surprise and then amusement, which Trey assumed was due to his rumpled state and the tiny dog in his grasp. Trey ran a hand through his sweat-slicked hair. "Can I help you?"

The officer coughed into his fist. "Sorry to interrupt-er, bother you. I received an alert from the security system at this address. It's policy if the owner doesn't answer the phone, we send someone by to assess the situation."

"Must be a mistake. Everything's fine."

"Do you live here?"

"No, but the lady of the house is...indisposed."

The officer glanced into the foyer. "I need verbal confirmation from her."

"Sure." Trey called over his shoulder, "Devon, honey, can you come down for a minute?"

He heard her light footsteps dash across the bedroom floor and through the upstairs hall. She ventured downstairs wearing his dress shirt, which she held closed over her breasts.

Testosterone still raging in his veins, his body amped up on sex hormones, he hardened at the sight of her in his shirt. She looked small and fragile swamped by the fabric.

A territorial surge heated his blood. He didn't like the cop seeing an eyeful of her wearing next to nothing. "This officer needs to know everything's all right here."

Eyes wide and wary, she swallowed. "Fine. No problems here. What was the alert, if you don't mind me asking?"

"We don't receive those details, ma'am." The radio at the officer's hip crackled and a dispatcher questioned if he was at the residence. He unclipped the radio and held it to his mouth. "False alarm."

"Can you hang on a minute?" she asked him. After the officer agreed, she went to the security panel attached to the wall near her door. "Huh. That's strange."

"What?" Trey went to her side. Peanut's miniature growl made the dog's ribs vibrate against his palm.

"You saw me disarm my system when we got here..." She checked the small clock perched on the narrow table beside the door. "Forty-five minutes ago."

Trey nodded.

"All three lights are flashing, red, yellow and green. That's not supposed to happen, at least I've never seen it before."

"You'll have to call the security company for details, ma'am," the officer said. "I just answer the calls when they come in."

"Sure, I understand. Thank you for responding."

"Glad to see everything's okay." He touched the brim of his hat, turned and headed to his car.

She rubbed her temples. "I hate to call Logan yet again."

He couldn't stand seeing her beautiful face lined with stress and anxiety. And while he wanted Logan and his team here ASAP, based on Devon's reaction the last time the hacker made his viral attack, he also didn't want her to go through that again.

"At least try the call center," he suggested.

After holding for ten minutes, during which time Trey returned upstairs and dressed in everything except his shirt and shoes, she finally reached a customer service rep. She put her cell phone on speaker so Trey could hear the woman's reply. "Looks like the alarm was triggered from a remote location."

Her cheeks turned pale, her eyes churning with panic. "What?"

"That's impossible," Trey said. Agitation crawled across his skin. "We disarmed it from inside the house."

"I'm not sure what to tell you." The woman sounded apologetic. "I can request an inquiry, but it could take up to forty-eight hours to perform a thorough investigation."

He clenched his jaw. "This can't wait."

"I'll do my best to expedite your request."

"Do that," he barked.

The sound of typing echoed from her phone. "The order will take a few minutes to process. I can send you a text message on your cell phone to let you know when the request goes through."

"Please." Devon's tone contained the same defeat as her eyes. Wanting to ease some of her tension, he rubbed small circles against her back.

"We'll be in touch with you shortly."

Devon ended the call and scrubbed her hands over her arms. "It's him. It has to be, that's the only explanation. But how did he gain access to my security system, and why would he trigger it remotely?"

Because he still has eyes on you somewhere, and he knows I'm here. "No way to tell for sure until they do their investigation." He kissed her forehead. "Get dressed and throw some things in a suitcase. I'm taking you out of here."

"But this is my home." Her voice sounded faint and watery as she leaned her cheek against his chest. He ran a hand over her hair. "I'm supposed to be safe here."

"You'll be safe. I promise you." He set Peanut on the floor. "C'mon, I'll help you pack."

As she rummaged through drawers in her bedroom and bathroom, she moved slowly as if the smallest motion caused her pain. "I'm not staying with you." Her words fell heavy on the silence. "I can't. I'm just...not there yet."

"That's fine, sweetheart. But I'm going to make sure you're taken care of."

When her gaze lifted to his, her look of vulnerable uncertainty pierced his chest. He cared about her and hated what the hacker was doing to her, how she was shaking though trying to hide it. "Thank you," she whispered.

She relinquished his shirt back to him and he threw it on without bothering with every single button. He took her suitcase then waited patiently while she secured Peanut in a travel cage and reset her alarm.

She sighed. "I hope this actually works."

"I'm sure it will." He had no idea, but she seemed to need his reassurance.

Placing her suitcase in his trunk next to his blueprints, he held the door open for her as she climbed in and set Peanut's cage on her lap. Moonlight surrounded her in an ethereal glow. She was so damn beautiful.

He wanted to take her to a place he knew she'd be safe, which included someone on his payroll. He drove toward downtown and rested his hand over hers, her fingers cold and small in his grasp. A few minutes later, she clenched his fingers as though holding on to him for dear life. She was scared, and he hated that some faceless menace had tormented her into this place of fear and distrust.

Trey wanted to choke the life out of the guy with his bare hands. He wasn't the violent type, preferring to solve disputes with reason and rational discussion. But the notorious Soren aggression kicked into high gear and he wanted to pummel something.

Instead, he gripped the steering wheel and let her squeeze his hand until his fingers went numb.

Eventually, he had to take away her anchor so he could downshift when they hit city limits. Within minutes he veered into the parking lot of Hotel Monico. Before he exited the car, he reached into his glove compartment, retrieving a gun within a leather holster, tucking it into the back of his pants. He didn't look at Devon's reaction or wait for her to protest against the added precaution.

They entered the lobby, where colorful art deco furnishings met classic contemporary design. Before they reached the counter, he walked up to the security guard on duty, a man who worked for Soren Security Bodyguards. "Hey, Will." He held out his hand. "Trey Soren, from Soren Security."

Will's eyes widened and he nodded respectfully as he shook Trey's hand. "Mr. Soren. I didn't recognize you out of the office."

"No problem. I want you to meet Devon Leigh, our company's IT director."

He swept Devon with an appreciative glance. "It's a pleasure."

She offered him a faint smile.

"I need you to make sure she's safe and well taken care of during her stay here." Trey rested his hand on Devon's lower back, a subtle cue that the request was personal. "If anyone asks for her at the front desk, I want you to confirm their identity and credentials. Have the staff call up to her room and verify she knows them."

He nodded gravely. "Yes, sir."

"Thanks, Will." Trey returned the nod and led Devon to the counter.

They checked her in, but the woman with bouncy red curls, whose nameplate read Clare, sent a questioning look at the cage Devon carried. Trey paid using his credit card. After setting the room keys on the counter, Clare pressed her hand to the collar of her staff uniform. "I'm sorry, we don't allow pets."

"I'll take him with me when I leave," Trey assured.

Clare appeared uneasy about the arrangement, but she took one look at the dog and smiled. "As long as he's here for a short time, it shouldn't be a problem."

Devon stayed unusually quiet as they took the elevator up to the top floor and he led her to her room for the night, or however long she needed to stay here.

When they walked in, the room smelled like lemon oil and luxury cotton. Brightly striped curtains separated the main sitting area and kitchenette from the bedroom. The plush furniture and classy decor gave a homey impression. He hoped Devon would feel comfortable here, safe.

Removing Peanut from his cage, she set him on the bed. He curled into a tight white ball and went back to sleep. Fortunately, the dog was only yippy and hyper in the confines of its own house and not in public.

"What's the gun for?" she finally asked. Her voice sounded thready and tired.

"Your peace of mind." He removed it from the waist of his pants and, keeping it in its holster, set it on the coffee table. "I have a concealed carry permit."

"Old bounty hunter habits die hard?"

He lifted a shoulder. "Never hurts to be packing heat in case you need it. I assume with your military background you know how to use a gun."

Releasing a sigh, she nodded.

"Hand me your phone." She sent him a questioning glance but complied. "I'm punching in Cade's number. He lives in a penthouse a few blocks from here. He can be on your doorstep in two minutes."

She hugged her waist. "Thanks for going to all this trouble."

"No trouble." His chest ached with a surge of protectiveness as he stared at her slender form and troubled eyes. "What I do isn't just my job, it's who I am. And I need to know you're safe."

Staring at the gun on the coffee table, she shivered and nodded again.

"You'll be all right tonight?"

She shrugged. "Why don't you and your gun stay with me?"

He paused and studied her. "I thought you didn't want that."

"I'd like you to stay with me. I just didn't want to stay with you." She exhaled. "It's...complicated."

He slid off his suit jacket and tossed it over a chair. "Sure, sweetheart. Whatever makes you feel better."

Her shoulders relaxed. "Thank you."

Moving to her side, he cupped her chin between his thumb and forefinger until her eyes met his. "Stop thanking me. It's unnecessary."

"But you-"

"Devon." He bent and brushed a kiss to her lips, then another. "It's all good. I want to stay. I'll take any excuse to be with you."

The corners of her mouth tilted up in a hesitant smile. "Okay."

"Excuse me for a minute." He ducked into the bathroom to use the facilities, and as he zipped his pants he glanced at the large oval tub with Jacuzzi jets. He washed his hands, thinking that a hot bubble bath might soothe her. Taking the lavender-scented body wash from the sink counter, he poured the contents into the tub. Piles of foam filled the basin.

When he emerged, a trail of steam followed him. He took her hand. "Come with me."

She entered the luxury bathroom and her lips parted. "A bubble bath?" Her face softened. "Trey, you're a genius."

"I try." He went to the faucet, turned off the running water, and began undressing. She slid her dress off her shoulders, the material sliding down her slim body, whispering to the floor. He helped her into the tub then settled into the water with her.

The tension released from her face and a faint smile touched her lips, as he captured bubbles on a washcloth and slid it over her skin. Her nipples hardened, and he swallowed, forcing himself to concentrate on making her feel good, not what his libido wanted.

Turning to face him, she draped her legs over his, her fingers traveling from his shoulders down his chest and disappearing under the bubbles. He caught her hand before she found his erection eager for her touch. This wasn't about him.

He threaded his fingers with hers and rested their joined hands on his knees. He needed a distraction, and a bounty hunter story seemed like a good way to dispel the sexual tension. "Stop me if you've heard this one. Four bounty hunters walk into a gay bar..."

Her eyes widened. "Are you serious?"

"Yep. We'd been tracking a guy named Butch Cassidy-"

"Was that his real name?"

"Some people have sick senses of humor when it comes to naming their kids. Anyway, Butch skipped out on his bail. Four months went by before I got my hands on some intel."

"Is four months typical?"

He scoffed. "Not for us. We usually pop 'em and drop 'em within a week or two."

"How did you find him?" she asked.

"Get this. Butch, a former body builder with a long rap sheet, decided to trade in the hetero life and go underground as a drag queen."

A peel of laughter left her lips. "No way."

He nodded. "I had the whole thing set up ahead of time, had the exits guarded, a few of our guys waiting in the parking lot in case Butch made a break for it. But I didn't tell Cade, Adam or Liam we were going to a gay bar. They walked in, scoped out the place, and I watched their realization dawn. I couldn't help it, I started laughing. I choked on my drink and almost had vodka coming out my nose. I thought Adam was going to race across the room and plant his fist in my face."

"That's hilarious." Her eyes sparkled with amusement.

"Oh, you don't know the half of it." He grinned. "Some skinny guy with a faux-hawk came up to me and called me a 'big mountain man,' then asked if I wanted to go back to his place and do some climbing."

She laughed with a snort. "What does that even mean?"

"Who knows?" He shook his head. "I didn't ask. Hey, everyone has the right to their preferences. I have to say, though, it was priceless watching men try to flirt with my tattooed, badass cousins. My brother took it in stride, but even he was threatening to murder me by the time Butch took the stage."

"Oh, poor Cade," she whimpered in sympathy.

"Yeah, he got the brunt of it. I lost count how many times he was asked if he modeled for a living. He attracted plenty of bi-curious women, too. I swear, that night he could've had a dozen threesomes every which way, if he'd wanted."

"I'm sure you all had plenty of opportunity." She resumed caressing his chest, running her palms up and down his arms, stoking the flame that burned low in his gut. "Did you catch the guy?"

"Yeah, and he put up one hell of a fight. Adam and Liam tackled Butch in the parking lot, a sight I'll never forget." He grinned.

Since the water had cooled during their conversation, he stood, stepped from the suds and whipped a towel around his waist. Then he took her hand and helped her from the tub. He grabbed a fluffy white towel and knelt before her, patting her pretty painted toenails dry. Slowly, he dragged the towel up her slender legs and hips. He pressed a kiss to the small feminine swell of her abdomen, then the tops of her breasts, as he stood and finished drying her.

She lifted her mouth and caught him off guard with a sultry kiss. The impulsive kiss and the seductive taste of her lips made him hard beneath his towel.

Damn, he wanted to bend her over the sink and take her from behind. His erection throbbed as he pictured watching her expressions of pleasure in the mirror facing him. But staying the night didn't involve him satisfying his needs. He willed himself to ignore the pressure pitching a tent in his towel, withdrew his tongue and released her lips.

Wrapping her towel around her, he tucked it under her arms. Then he grabbed the bottle of lotion from the bathroom counter and joined her in the bedroom.

With a swift yank, he threw back the layers of covers. He gestured to the bed. "Lie on your stomach."

A sexy grin tugged her lips. "I like when you order me around in the bedroom."

His towel bobbed at his groin, and he stifled a moan. Gripping the bottle of lotion, he warmed it between his palms.

When she dropped her towel, he salivated at the sight of her gorgeous body. She crawled to the center of the mattress and stretched out on the bed. Propped on her elbows, she sent him a come-hither look over her shoulder. "Well?"

He cleared his throat. "I'm admiring the view."

She wiggled her ass in front of him. "I don't like waiting for what I want."

Without moving a muscle, he grinned. "I'll make it worth your while."

Seduction in her eyes, she ran the tip of her tongue over her lips. "I have no doubt."

Hell. She wasn't making his self-restraint easy. He wanted to lift her hips, send her face into the pillow and shove himself into her heat.

Instead, he bit the insides of his cheeks and clasped her legs together. He popped the cap and drizzled lotion up her spine.

"Mmm." She arched. "Your hidden talent is definitely foreplay."

Without responding, he splayed his hands on her back, setting his thumbs along her spine. He rubbed in small, gradual circles. Eventually, he eased the knots of tension gathered there. He increased the pressure as he moved up her spine, circling, smoothing, caressing. The lotion heated under his hands, turning her skin slick and pliant beneath his touch. Her sighs and moans nearly undid him. Ignoring his own needs, he moved to the middle of her back. When his thumbs found twin stone-sized knots in her shoulder blades, she let out a groan that made him hard everywhere.

"Oh, my God," she said on a moan. "You're hired."

A laugh rasped from his chest. Despite the sexual comebacks streaming through his mind, he didn't reply. If he spoke right now, his words would turn into a heathen growl, and he'd be all over her in a heartbeat. He wanted her to feel relaxed and safe, not smothered.

Though his raging libido hated him for the effort.

Minutes later, the muscles along her spine released all tension, and her back rose and fell in steady, gentle motions. He paused and eventually smiled, realizing she was asleep.

Good. This was probably her first chance at restful sleep in days. He slid away from her, chucked towel to the floor and turned off the bedside lamp. Then he snuggled in beside her, pulling the covers around them. He gathered her in his arms and held her tight.

"Goodnight, beautiful," he whispered, kissing her hair, amazed at the sense of rightness in his gut. He wanted this feeling to last tonight. All night. Maybe forever. He closed his eyes to absorb the sweet perfection of holding her.

When she shifted against him, he woke with a start out of a sound sleep. His hips thrust forward instinctively, and he realized he was inside her.

He blinked in the darkness, attempting to shake himself from the hazy place between dreaming and waking. Her wet warmth encased him, and her back arched.

A tremor ran through him and he thrust again, unable to stop or get his bearings. She lifted her knee higher on the mattress, and he came on top of her fully, his chest rasping against her back as he shifted, moved, rocked over her.

Threading their hands, he dragged her arms above her head as he pumped his hard erection into her. He kissed the backs of her shoulders, then set his chin into the crook of her neck, scraping her skin as he rocked into her, murmuring phrases that didn't make sense, but made her moan in pleasure. His forearms bracketed hers. He lifted his hips, angling into her more deeply.

Their moans echoed through the room. His heavy heat coasted in and out of her slick channel. Her fingers tightened around his, and her cries were muted by the pillow as she clenched him deep inside her.

When she shivered under him from head to toe, he whispered, "That's my girl."

The darkness robbed his sense of time, but she came again twice again before he felt the surge at the base of his sack. He plunged rough and hard and tumbled into a soul-shaking orgasm.

Slowly sinking back into the present, he released his clenched grip on her hands. "Did I hurt you?"

"No." She shook her head. "That was amazing."

He pulled out and rolled onto his back, tucking her against his side. She was a perfect fit alongside him, in his arms. He nudged her chin up and found her lips in the blackness. He savored their long, lingering kiss. "Good. That was some hot sex."

"Mm-hmm," she agreed, resting her cheek on his chest. "You should wake me up like that more often."

A grin of satisfaction spread over his face. "More often" meant more of her. More of them. Together. Definitely a step in the direction he wanted. "I like the way you think."

"My mind always in the gutter?" she replied in a teasing tone.

"Yep. You're pretty much perfect."

She gave a short laugh. "Hardly. But I'm glad you think so. Just keep taking whatever drug you're on and we'll be set."

He almost said something stupid and cheesy like "you're my drug."

She'd already taken a big leap by suggesting she wanted what they had to continue. He wasn't about to ruin that by getting too touchy-feely mushy. Although for the first time, he understood why poets wrote about romance and their fascination with the objects of their desire. He could fill a book talking about Devon.

Then he noticed she'd gone still against him. She murmured, "I can practically hear the wheels turning in your head. What are you thinking?"

"That this is good."

He felt her smile on his skin, and the center of his chest warmed with hope. She nodded, and they drifted off into sleep.

Only to be awoken what seemed like minutes later by Peanut's piercing yap.

What seemed like a few seconds later, Trey woke with a jerk. Peanut's piercing yap was the most annoying alarm clock.

"Peanut, hush!" she hissed, scrambling from the bed to let him out of his cage, before hotel personnel noticed the unwelcomed overnight guest.

Trey sat up and scrubbed a hand down his face, noticing the rough scrape of beard growth against his palm. His gaze shot to the side of Devon's neck, where patches of red marked her pristine skin.

A rush of primal satisfaction lit his veins. He'd left his mark on her. She was his.

The leftover caveman part of his brain didn't care how that sounded. She's mine.

Sliding from the bed, he grabbed his formerly discarded towel, slung it around his waist, and lumbered over to the coffee maker on the kitchenette counter. When it finished brewing, he handed her a cup.

Dressed in a fuzzy robe from the hotel bathroom, Devon somehow made terrycloth sexy. Marveling, he shook his head. "So what's on tap for today?"

Her dark eyes shuttered and looked away.

A flash of frustration ignited in his chest. What the hell? They'd spent an amazing night together in and out of the sheets, and she wanted to push him back at arm's length?

With a heavy sigh, he told himself to be patient. But honestly, why didn't she see he was all in? Wherever this ride took them?

Instead of letting his frustration show, he took a sip of fresh coffee, scalding the roof of his mouth. Still, he appreciated when the caffeine kicked in and his brain began functioning on all four cylinders. He reminded himself just because he wanted to dive into this great thing he'd found with her, she still had barriers that had been in place long before they met.

One amazing night-no matter how perfect-wasn't going to fix or change her cautious nature like a car turning the corner. And he needed to stay steady, to build on this good thing, until she was as sure as he was that this type of chemistry came along only once in a lifetime.

After taking a minute to think things through, he realized how intense he could've come across if he'd pressed his point.

One more instance where he was glad he was the rational one in the family. If he'd gone into Adam-mode, he and Devon would've been over before they started. Though the temptation was there-his Viking blood demanded he storm and conquer her guarded heart-he wanted to do this right. Pushing her to make plans or leaving her to think he had to be glued to her side twenty-four/seven, wouldn't accomplish anything. And he wasn't the desperate type. Far from it. Even though he was secure enough in his manhood to admit he craved her presence until he saw her again.

Attempting to strike a balance between what he needed and what he wanted, he said, "I actually have a lot on my plate today."

"Oh?" Her face softened with interest, and she moved closer to him.

"I have to review the plans I got back from my contractor this week. I'm gutting half my house to put on an addition."

She arched her eyebrows. "Sounds like a big endeavor."

He rolled his eyes. "You have no idea. I bought the place for a song, because most people who looked at it had no vision. When I scouted the edge of the property line, I knew I'd struck gold. I saw the promise waiting in the rafters. Back in April, I had the overgrown brush and trees cleared, and now I have a killer view of the Denver skyline surrounded by mountains."

"That sounds stunning." Her expression took on a dreamy look, and he wondered what she pictured in her mind. Whatever she imagined, he intended to show her his vision personally.

"Believe me, it is. Knowing I've got just the right plans to make my dreams a reality is well worth living with a rotting roof, leaking sunroom and seventies shag carpeting."

She grinned. "Let me guess. Avocado green countertops, too?"

"Oh, yeah. And they carried the color scheme into the bathrooms."

She made a sour face and laughed.

"Oh," he added, "and they must've gotten a steal on crappy harvest gold flower wallpaper. The stuff is everywhere."

"My God, how awful. No wonder you got it on the cheap. How have you lived with it this long?"

"The plans went through four revisions before I signed off on them." He poured himself another cup of coffee and topped off her mug. "As long as, in the end, the result is exactly what I want, I can be a very patient man."

The double meaning behind his words-which applied to all aspects of his life, including her-must've shown in his gaze. Because her eyes widened a fraction, followed by a subtle glow that settled in their brown-gold depths. "I'm sure it'll be worth it in the end, when you have a beautiful home you're proud to live in and share with your family."

"That's the plan."

For some reason, when she said the word "family," he saw acute sadness fill her eyes. She glanced away and blinked a few times, then abandoned her coffee cup on the counter, heading toward her fluffball pooch.

"Hi, baby boy." She kissed the dog's wet nose, and he licked insatiably. "Let mama get dressed and I'll take you out to pee. You were such a good boy last night. Thank you." She tossed Trey an apologetic look and shrugged. "Gotta take care of my boy."

"Sure." Trey nodded. "He's been really good. Does he always hold it this long?" Were they really talking about her dog's pissing habits? He snorted to himself.

"He can, but this situation isn't ideal." A frown pinched between her eyebrows. "I can't keep him in the hotel with me, but I don't want him to stay overnight for days on end at the kennel." She made a face. "Whenever I've taken him there longer than a day, he comes back with an upset stomach. He leaves me disgusting presents all over the house for days."

"Hey, I get it." Trey crouched to Peanut's height on the bed and reached out to scratch behind his ear. "Animals become a part of the family. Especially dogs. They're so eager to please, what's not to love?"

"Exactly."

He glanced up to find her expression wistful as she looked at her goofy little dog with the painful underbite. "I could take him" he offered. The fluffy guy held a big place in Devon's heart, and he'd do anything to make her happy.

She blinked as though startled. "What?"

"Yeah, no big deal. I can take him to that puppy-care place you talked about, during the day, then grab him on my way home at night." Then he added, "Just until you hear back from Stone Security Systems about your alarm trigger."

"Oh. Okay. You'd do that?"

"Sure. I kind of miss having a dog."

The look she sent him suggested she didn't believe he'd dare to be seen with a lap dog Paris Hilton would stash in her purse. Normally, she'd be right. Peanut wasn't his first choice in canines, but he'd always been around pets and wanted to help her out in her tough position. "Hey," he admitted, "our house backed onto an alley. Cats galore. And our two labs loved breaking through the fence my dad repaired weekly. Growing up, we had guinea pigs, lizards, shakes. Even an alligator once."

She looked horrified. "Did you feed it alley cats?"

He laughed. "No, goldfish."

She let out an amusing sigh of relief. "I guess that qualifies you to handle one small, cranky dog."

He shot her a grin. "Thanks for the vote of confidence."

She hesitated. "Just until I hear from Stone Security, right?"

"After that, Peanut and the townhouse are all yours," he assured.

"Trey." She twisted her fingers together and glanced down at her hands. "Thank you-"

Swiftly, he closed the distance between them and kissed her lips until her throat relaxed and her tongue twined with his. Then he cupped her cheek and stared down at her. "No worries. I'll take care of it."

She held his gaze for several poignant moments then nodded. She threw on the bare minimum of clothes required to take Peanut outside to do his business. He watched her tight ass in leggings and her small perfect breasts poking through her tank top glide out the door, while she attended to her dog.

He blew out a low whistle. Then he went to the window to watch her let Peanut out, since he couldn't be too careful with the hacker-stalker lurking around any corner. He saw her down below urging Peanut to do his business. Her ass looked amazing in those stretch pants. Willing himself to do the noble thing, he got dressed instead of diving into bed and waiting for her under the covers, so they could pick up where they'd left off.

Actually, he did have a lot to do today. Even though he could pay someone else to take care of his property, he liked the mindless escape of hopping on his mower and trimming his four acre lawn on Sundays. His dad had always mocked the upper crust, wondering why they had huge beautiful laws they never bothered to mow themselves-what was the point? So Trey mowed his own lawn. Also on Sundays he watered the extensive flower beds the previous owners had left, then lazed around envisioning his future house with a huge great room and floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the distant city lights. And six bedrooms he couldn't wait to fill with a brood of his own.

Obviously, his first addition would be Devon. The rest would follow its natural course.

He grinned, picturing his wife and tons of kids scrambling around his new huge house, hardly containing himself until his life spread before him exactly how he'd imagined it.

*

Late Sunday morning, Devon returned to the office.

Truthfully, she needed something to take her mind off Trey. And sex. And sex with Trey.

There weren't enough positive adjectives in her vocabulary to describe his mind-blowing moves in bed. Her thighs clenched just thinking about their torrid lovemaking last night. The way he'd gripped her tight, the sensation of his length gliding inside her. And Lord, what that man could do with his mouth. He'd found all her hot zones and matched his need with her own.

Even more tantalizing, she suspected he was just getting started. Ramping up for future sweat-soaked marathon sessions between the sheets. So much to look forward to...

She'd never felt more connected to a man, so in sync on so many levels. He got her. He knew what she needed before she even asked and gave her what her heart had craved for so long. Connection. A true, deep, undeniable bond with another soul. He looked into her eyes, and all she wanted to say was yes. To anything. To everything that his beautiful eyes promised to give her. And those dark depths told her that if she said yes and took the leap, she wouldn't regret it.

She shivered and blew out a slow breath to calm her spiking heart rate. If she didn't focus, her confused thoughts would drive her to distraction.

With a pained sigh, she eyed the stack of notes she'd started to work on for technical documentation. The bane of every programmer's existence. But a necessary evil if she wanted to leave her IT team with the capability of moving on without her.

An uncomfortable hollowness took root within her.

This new job offer came with so many unexplored horizons. She had felt excited and so certain yesterday at the arcade, experiencing interactive player games that she could help create to please nerds and gamers all across the globe. But today, the boops and beeps and zombies and quests seemed more like a consolation prize than her dream career path.

After spending the night in Trey's arms, something fundamental had shifted her internal chemistry. He's pushed past her well-maintained emotional boundaries. Throwing her into chaotic, unexplored aspects of herself. Which overjoyed her and irritated her at the same time. She didn't know what to do. The split inside her was fast becoming a chasm.

Two weeks with Trey wasn't enough. Not nearly. That she knew for certain.

Yet she wanted equal fulfillment in her career choice. She didn't mind her job as Director of IT for Soren Security Bodyguards, but the work didn't make her spirit dance or her soul sing, whereas, on a personal level, Trey accomplished both those beautifully. But as much as she wanted to dive into and explore what could be between them, she needed to think about her future as a big picture. Something she'd always excelled at before her new lover had enticed her into exploring boundaries unknown and possibilities undiscovered.

When it came to Trey, the adventurous side of her intended to live in the moment, to hell with the outcome. Still, the cautious side of her insisted she stop playing with fire before the flames Trey stoked inside her burned them both.

Realizing she wouldn't solve her conundrum today, she forced herself to attend to the deadly dull task of writing up the one thing she knew back and forth with her eyes closed. Network administration.

She set up the table of contents and formatted the basic structure of her document. Then she plugged in technical layouts, and typed the explanations behind them, plus her thoughts and suggestions about how to smoothly implement all the logistics involved in maintaining her legacy.

Hours later, the sun sank toward dusk, washing the snowcapped mountain peaks in a white-gold glimmer. She stared out at the beautiful vistas, appreciating her fourth floor corner office packed with windows. In Phoenix, all she'd see were flat planes of rust-colored desert in her new company's one story office complex.

A ding from her email alert caused her to swivel in the direction of her monitor. She clicked the notification.

The blood drained from her face. Her fingers went cold then numb as she read the email unsourced email.

Hello, Devon. Don't bother tracking me. You'll be wasting your time. I see you're distracted by your new boy toy. Whatever. If that's what scratches your itch, I will leave you alone this week. In return, I want you to join me at DEFCON. Below, you'll see I've taken care of your travel arrangements.

Devon shuddered. The balls on this guy! Out of morbid curiosity, she kept reading. Like watching a train wreck in slow motion, she couldn't look away.

I set you up with a suite at the MGM Grand. The same room where Johnny Depp and Brad Pitt have stayed. Since you're into the pretty boys.

"And that's supposed to impress me?" Freaked out, she shivered and shook her head. Evidently this guy had access to serious cash. The hotel receipt he'd scanned into the email-without identifying information like a name or credit card statement, unfortunately-proved his loaded status.

She'd rather share a cardboard box with Trey over the celebrity accommodations from this nut-job any day. In fact, Trey had set her up in similar luxury right here in Denver, thanks to the douche bag who'd written her this email.

Like I said, I'll leave you alone. But you'd better confirm my reservations by this Friday. Or you won't like my response. Things could get very ugly.

She swallowed at the growing tightness in her throat.

I'd hate to put you or your boy toy in a bad place. By Friday, Devon. I mean it. You don't want to know what I'm capable of.

As if he hadn't caused enough damage in her life and Trey's? "Psycho."

Grabbing her mouse, she hovered her cursor over the delete button. Then a thought struck her. What if he'd gained admin access to her work computer the way he had her home system? If she deleted the email, the cyber control freak might go off the rails. He'd given her a week, free of his menacing shadow stalking her every move, reading her email, combing for clues as to her reaction to his "magnanimous" gesture of taking her to DEFCON which started in ten days, all expenses paid. And that was no cheap trip. The madman had almost thirty grand on the line.

Half-regretting the move, she left the email alone. She assumed he had his email set up to send him a reply the second she opened his creepy note. So she'd leave him guessing, for a change. Assuming he stood by his word, he'd leave her alone for the next five days, let her breathe in peace. And give her plenty of unfettered time with Trey to enjoy whatever the week would bring in sensual opportunities.

To hell with this jerk's threats. She would bide her time, and Friday, she'd tell the cyberstalker exactly where he could shove his thirty thousand dollars.

Chapter 8

Monday morning, Devon called a meeting with her team, and the diverse crew gathered into her office. She handed out ten copies of the report she'd created yesterday and kept the eleventh copy for herself to reference if they had questions. Attached to each report was a Starbucks gift card for fifty dollars.

Allen Guthrey, her IT manager, grinned. "Coffee is the nerd equivalent of black gold. Better than overtime pay."

The team chuckled since they were all salaried and received no overtime for the extra hours they'd put in. Weariness passed over their faces as they discussed the intensity and stress of the hacking incident.

"You guys deserve it, for the miracles we pulled off last week. On an even better note, in my budget proposal that finally passed, I included a Keurig coffee maker. Soon we'll have good, fresh coffee at the touch of a button."

Cheers greeted the news, and high-fives went around.

Flipping through the report with a perplexed groove between his eyebrows, Zander pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose. "This documentation looks intense. What's it for?"

She settled down to business. "I've asked a lot of you guys recently. You've been pushed to the limits, and I'm really proud of your efforts. You're a great team to work with, and you proved my faith in you."

They beamed under her praise and acknowledgement.

"Still, I should've better prepared you for emergencies like last week. That oversight is my fault and I need to fix it. Going forward, for the next month I'm setting up meetings with the entire team, as well as one-on-one sessions to identify each of your strengths, goals, and what you want to learn working here."

Inwardly, she cringed because she'd meant to say two weeks and had inadvertently locked herself into another thirty days at Soren Security. But she'd never go back on her word. Honestly, this training endeavor required at least a month's worth of dedication. Somehow, she needed to buy time from her new employer to ensure her team's success in her absence. She never did anything halfway or left things incomplete. Trey and this company deserved an outstanding IT department, and she'd give him that.

"You're a great teacher," Zander blurted. Ears turning bright red, he rushed to explain. "I mean, you've won awards. You know this industry inside and out. You have name recognition and working for you puts me at a level I'd never achieve on my own or at another company. Right?"

Zander glanced around for support and received several nods of agreement.

The ardent praise lifted her spirits but also distressed her. Because teaching by example wasn't enough. She needed to cultivate their skills and let them do their own problem solving.

"Thank you, Zander. Still, I've asked myself lately, what would happen if I couldn't be here as your director? You've followed my lead, while I've focused on getting the network and IT department up and running here. Now that we have the support of upper management, it's time I focused on you. You're all very talented, and I want you to put those talents to use."

She leaned forward and folded her hands on the desk.

"From now on, I don't want to just be a boss you report to, I want to be your mentor. I want to teach you my strategies, and give you the chance to improve on what I've created." She met their wide unblinking stares with a smile of reassurance. "My focus is shifting to growing your careers and developing your skills. So you can meet the fast-paced demands of the IT field no matter where you go in life."

"Thank you," Allen stammered in surprise.

"Unless you decide to stay with Soren Security and fill my shoes, you can thank me when you're all hired into the upper ranks at Microsoft and Apple."

Split down the middle in their preferences, they launched into a heated debate about which company's operating system reigned supreme. She'd accidentally unleashed a monster.

"Guys, guys. Save if for the Internet cafes and chat rooms. In the meantime, look at your calendars and send me meeting invites for times you have available. Wherever, whenever. I'm at your disposal."

Ross, who always wore jeans and a tie with cartoon characters, snickered. "Any where?"

Alan cuffed him on the back of the head. "Show some respect."

Fighting a grin, Devon sighed. "Okay, let me clarify. Any place work-related or tech-centered."

Ross's BFF and former roommate at Stanford, Scott, leaned forward and wiggled his eyebrows. "Hey, my bedroom's filled with technology."

"Yeah," Ross shot back, "in your mom's basement. Because that's super hot." He drew a laugh from the group.

Scott grew quiet and slumped in his chair.

She didn't take offense. The recent college grads were dorky and young and irreverent, but in their awkward-teenage-boy sort of way they'd paid her a high compliment. "I'm going to let that slide." She gave them a firm look. "Regardless of my new role as mentor, I'm still your boss."

"Yes, ma'am," the two muttered.

"I'm also looking forward to hearing your thoughts on my documentation and how I run things. This is your department, too. Suggestions for improvement are welcome and encouraged."

Her team nodded.

Flatting her hands on her desk, she stood. "Okay, that's a wrap."

They thanked her and filed out. The door closed, then opened again. "Hey, gorgeous."

Her eyes snapped up to find Trey shutting the door behind him. And locking it. He strode toward her like a man on a mission. "Hey, yourself."

"Did I miss your email? Should I have been in on that meeting?"

"No, not at all." Thank God. She didn't want him to hold her to the thirty days she'd promised her team, even though she planned to stay true to her word. She didn't want him to know about any timeline at all, in case she had to leave earlier than planned.

Or if she decided not to leave at all.

The thought made her brain synapses misfire and her heart lurch. Not a good combination after struggling to stay detached. But her useless attempt at detachment hadn't lasted. She was crazy about him, and the thought of leaving had become a source of frustration and confusion. She stared at his handsome face, lost in the way his dark eyes absorbed her. Then she pulled herself back to the present.

"I came by to see how last night went," he said.

She shrugged. "Uneventful. Kind of nice for a change."

He nodded. "I guess you didn't need me then."

"Need and want are two different things," she replied in a flirtatious tone.

His expression lifted. "So you didn't need me, but you wanted me. Which means you missed me. I'll take that." He reached her in three swift strides and caught her in a tight embrace. "I'll take this, too."

His head lowered, his kisses open-mouthed and hungry. He tasted her deeply, and her toes curled.

Briefly, he came up for air. "I want you," he breathed against her lips.

"Now?" Scandalized and instantly turned on, she loosened his tie and unfastened the button at his shirt collar.

"Yes, now." He dragged his lips down her neck, leaving a trail of steam.

The contrast of the air-conditioning and his hot mouth on her skin made her shiver. He picked her up and sat her on her desk, stepping between her thighs. "I see you mean business," she murmured.

"I'm taking an early lunch." He dropped to his knees. His eyes glittered as he yanked up her skirt, slid off her panties, and his head disappeared between her legs.

"Shame on you." She gasped as his tongue found her most intimate place. "Mixing business with pleasure."

"My new favorite combination." He tongue swirled and lapped her peak. Then he drew her into his mouth. She fell back onto a pile of papers and arched, issuing soft moans of encouragement.

With expert skill, he tasted her and brought her to the brink fast. She shut her eyes and her hips lifted off the desk as she came against his mouth.

"Sweet God." She gasped as he urged a few more tremors from her swollen peak. "I think your tongue is your best asset."

With a growl, he shoved his pants down his hips. "I'll show you my best asset."

He drove his cock inside her. The breathtaking force shoved her back on the desk and a monitor crashed to the floor.

"Oops," she giggled, dizzy with lust and, aching with need.

He rocked against her. "I'll make it up to you."

"Mmm. Can't wait." She tried to contain her urge to scream as he surged inside her. He circled his hips, gliding in a smooth, erotic rhythm that made her claw his forearms, desperate to bring him closer.

Lips parted in concentration, he planted his hands on the desk on either side of her. His suit jacket draped half off his shoulders, his tie was askew, and his dress shirt pulled tight across his straining chest.

She licked her lips. "Damn, you're a sexy sight at the office."

A grin quirked one side of his mouth. "Payback." He went deep. "For all the times you drove me crazy strutting around here in your little skirts and high heels and long legs that I wanted to wrap around my waist."

Following his suggestion, she dropped her shoes to the floor and crossed her ankles behind his back. "Like this?"

Fierce desire sparked in his eyes. "Just like that."

He grabbed her hips and held her still as his rhythmic strokes sent an intimate blush across her cheeks. She bit her lips to keep from crying out as she tensed around him.

"Oh, yeah," he moaned.

Hot and throbbing, they came together. He stayed inside her until the residual ripples of her orgasm faded. Then he wiped the fine mist on his forehead with the back of his hand. "I'll have to take you at lunch more often."

"I like that plan." She trailed her fingertips down the heat-soaked front of his shirt. "I'll pencil you in."

"What?" He feigned offense and flexed inside her. "That doesn't deserve ink?"

She grinned. "Send me a memo with your ideas and timing. I'll see if I can fit you in."

"I think I fit in just fine." He flexed again before easing out. Then he helped her to her feet and settled her skirt back into place. "But I do like your memo idea." He tucked himself back into his pants. "The janitor's closet comes to mind."

"Nothing like the scent of Clorox to get a girl all hot and bothered."

"Miss Leigh?" A nervous voice came from the hallway. Zander. "I thought I heard a bang. Just checking to see if you're okay."

In a low voice, Trey murmured, "Oh, you heard banging, all right."

"You're terrible." She shook her head at him. "I'm fine," she called to Zander.

"Just rearranging the furniture," Trey announced.

"Will you stop?" she insisted, unable to contain a slip of laughter.

"Not unless you beg me."

She buttoned his collar and straightened his tie. "We'll see about that."

"Thanks for lunch, babe." He dropped several kisses to her lips. "I'll catch up with you later." He glanced at his watch. "Right now, I'm ten minutes late for a meeting with my finance team."

She gaped. "What will you tell them if they ask why you're late?"

"That I was crunching some important numbers. And they added up to something very fine." He tapped her backside, stole another kiss and left her wondering how soon he'd send her that memo he promised.

With a luxurious quiver of anticipation, she looked forward to his next burst of inspiration.

*

Tuesday, she met with Allen Guthrey, then later she had a meeting with Zander. The two of them were her powerhouse pair. Together, with a little guidance, they could probably fill her shoes within the month. The thought didn't make her as relieved as it should have, because she knew she should be the person in command of IT at Soren Security.

Later that night, Trey came to her hotel room and rocked her world. As usual. He left at dawn on Wednesday, but made her a pot of coffee before kissing her goodbye.

Most mornings, she was cranky and non-functional until her first cup of java. She appreciated the little things he did to show her he was the kind of man who paid attention and noticed her quirks and habits. Like brewing coffee for her, sending sexy memos, and replacing her cracked monitor with a new one. Without her having to ask.

If he was trying to win her over, he was more than succeeding.

In fact, throughout the day Wednesday she kept coming up with more reasons and excuses to delay her final interview with ActionNet. It wasn't really fair to ActionNet. But she had committed to her team's training and couldn't deny the desire to pack in as much time with Trey as possible.

Sexually, that proved an easy accommodation to make. Her blood heated the instant she thought about him, which was a lot more than she wanted to admit. From what she could tell, he seemed to enjoy their fling with as much enthusiasm as she did.

Except...if she were honest, at some point over the past few days, they'd graduated from a strictly sexual relationship to something greater, deeper. He amazed her by putting action behind his every word. He only made commitments he believed he could follow through on, and once committed he always followed through. Reasons to admire him continued to pile up in his favor.

He made her feel like the only woman he wanted, would ever want, though her ingrained instincts still warned her not to get too close. But falling for him didn't terrify her like it once had. In fact, she'd come to a point where she couldn't imagine going through a whole day without seeing him, without feeling electrified by his presence.

Although, on Thursday, she wondered if that day had arrived. They were both in and out of meetings from nine a.m. to five p.m. She didn't see him or hear from him once.

Drawing her phone out of her purse at six o'clock, she started texting him then erased the message. She sighed, waited another ten minutes, and scrolled to his number again. "Hey," she began in another, but hit delete.

Dang it, she could go one full day without him. Right?

Finally caving in, she wrote a quick text asking how his day went and hit send before she drove herself crazy. He didn't respond.

Annoyed with herself for acting like a schoolgirl with her first crush-which was totally ridiculous-she packed up, found her Prius sitting alone in the parking lot, and drove to the hotel. She was stepping out of her car when her phone rang.

Pleasure spiked her veins when she saw his number. "Hey," she answered, trying not to grin like an idiot.

"How was your day, sunshine?"

Giving up the pretense, she grinned like an idiot anyway. "Except for not seeing you, it was good."

"Can I make it better?"

Yes, please! "What did you have in mind?"

"I'll pick you up in thirty minutes."

"Casual or formal."

"Casual. See you in a few."

She practically skipped into the building and past the front desk as she went up to her room to change. She liked the way he stared at her legs when she wore skirts, so she shimmied out of her work clothes and pulled on a white thong that wouldn't show under the tight white skirt she'd chosen. Then she pulled on a flowing turquoise top over her white camisole.

A half-hour later she met him in the lobby. He looked striking in dark jeans and a fitted short-sleeved polo. The bands of the sleeves stretched over his imposing biceps, a very different impression than his typical work suits. The sight of him made her girl parts sing.

He swept her into his arms. "Hey, gorgeous."

"Hey, handsome."

In front of everyone, he planted a firm kiss on her lips. Their first full on public display of affection He left her breathless and wanting more, enjoying the claim he laid to her with his warm mouth.

Then he took her hand and led her out to his car. After he shut her door and climbed into the driver's side, she stared down at the turquoise medallions bejeweling her sandals. She really needed to tell him the truth about her intentions to take a new.

Only, he looked so happy. He radiated confidence and vitality, and his unstoppable grin made her giddy. She hated ruining the night so soon with the reality that threatened their blissful fantasy.

So she brought up a topic that might eventually lead to the truth-when the time was right. "I've decided to go back home."

He arched an eyebrow. "You sure?"

Nodding, she explained, "I think I'll be okay. Logan's company confirmed my system was accessed remotely. They set up an alert in the system to warn the company, which will warn me if anything like that happens again. Besides, you've been beyond generous with the hotel room this week. And I need to take my life back."

Sliding his fingers under her palm, he took her hand and lifted it to his lips. "I get where you're coming from, but it's not an issue. Stay at the hotel as long as you want."

"I appreciate the gesture-"

"It's not a gesture, Dev," he insisted. The affectionate nickname caused a ribbon of pleasure to curl in her chest. Only her closest family had called her Dev. "I want you to feel safe." He squeezed her hand. "Whatever I can do to accomplish that, I will."

"I know. Thank you."

Sometimes, he seemed too good to be true. Trusting men had always proven an exercise of failed expectations. Usually hers. Going through life with her heart on her sleeve wasn't in her nature. She couldn't change overnight, or even over a week, no matter how much she wanted to believe in this man. She'd been burned too many times in the past.

Although she couldn't forget the past, the hurt, the betrayal, she also couldn't help wanting to dive into whatever the future held, as long as Trey was a part of it. He was nothing like her ex. Yet, as much as she'd come to trust and care for Trey, she still wasn't sure if she trusted herself.

Tension gathered at the top of her spine. "I appreciate all you've done over the past week for me, but I need to live life on my terms, no one else's. Definitely not some hacker's."

His smile dimmed. "I get it. I respect that."

He released her hand and played with the radio dials until the station landed on a Journey song. "Don't Stop Believing" wailed through the speakers, the same song she'd danced to the night they went to Jake's Bar. She would never listen to Rush or Journey again without thinking of him. Her ribs squeezed with restrained emotion.

She glanced over at Trey and saw a smirk playing on his lips. "What are you thinking about?" she asked.

"You. On the dance floor at that dive bar. How all those sleazebag guys were staring at your ass." He squeezed her hand. "And how territorial I got, even though I knew you were leaving with me."

"You mean you were jealous?" Her abdomen fluttered at his Neanderthal response.

He lifted a shoulder. "Maybe."

"Interesting."

"Interesting good or interesting bad?"

"Good, I think."

"Thanks." He ran a hand through his hair. "Way to boost my ego."

She rolled her eyes. "Oh, like your ego needs padding. Please. Spend another hour in your yoga class, and you'll be cured of all doubts about your attractiveness."

He arched a provocative eyebrow. "Jealous?"

"Maybe."

"Uh-huh." His face split with a grin.

"So where are we heading?"

He turned his right blinker on when they stopped at a red light. "There's a concert in the park tonight. The weather's perfect, the sun is shining, and you look amazing. I want to show you off."

An inner smile perched on her heart. "What kind of music?"

"Eight-piece band, early jazz from around the nineteen-thirties."

"Nice." She smiled. "I haven't listened to a jazz group in ages."

"When I came to your place and saw pictures of flapper girls hanging on your walls, I figured you'd like it."

"Good observation." How did he keep doing that? Continuously intuiting what she liked and why? Few guys bothered taking the time to understand a woman the way Trey invested himself in discovering her.

Suddenly, her pulse stuttered. Her heart tripped and fell into a swirling pool of emotion. She grabbed her seat as if she'd hopped a rollercoaster at the top of a hill, and the ride began to plunge at breathtaking speeds. She grew dizzy, disoriented. Her heart beat so fast her lungs could barely take in enough air.

She blinked. The scenery around her came back into focus.

What just happened? She'd never experienced anything like it, freefalling into an abyss of stomach-flipping, toe-curling, raw and terrifying exhilaration. She couldn't stop smiling, like she was...

Falling in love. With Trey.

Oh, no. Paralyzing doubt crept in, but it couldn't dim this sense of freedom in flight. This desire to let go, let the momentum carry her to a destination where she belonged, but hadn't believed truly existed. Until now.

"I can turn the air conditioning on," Trey offered, "if you're too warm."

Lifting a hand to her heated cheeks, she shook her head. "No, it's fine. I'm good."

I think.

Even as reason and ration returned to her brain cells, the giddiness remained. "I'm happy," she said with a trace of wonder.

Trey smiled. "Glad to hear that."

They pulled into a parking lot. He cut the engine, stepped out of the car and grabbed a basket from the narrow backseat. Then he moved to the passenger side and opened the door for her.

Standing on the pavement, she lifted her sunglasses to rest on top of her head. Her senses were amplified. The scent of freshly mowed lawn filled her nose. Cheerful birds sang in the air. The green leaves of the trees looked almost fluorescent against the bright blue sky. Pink and purple petals of clustered posies filled half-barrel pots and the blooms flitted in the breeze.

Instead of waiting for Trey to reach for her, she took his hand first, twining their fingers. His big hand engulfed hers and squeezed affectionately.

A smile filled her soul. Life was good. Very good. Too good? The alarm bells of internal caution faded to an annoying ding, like a computer alert for an email she'd received but didn't care to open. Church bells rang out across the grassy field, a pleasing echo that drowned the faint little dings of doubt in her head.

Lost in her heightened awareness of the moment, she didn't want to be found. She wanted to enjoy this moment with Trey and the euphoric emotions unfurling within.

They set up their picnic in a square of grass between a young pair with tattoos and a gray-haired couple. Trey whipped the red-and-black checkered blanket until it caught the breeze and floated to the ground. She tugged the corners until the cloth made a perfect square then joined him in the center. He lifted one flap of the picnic basket and withdrew a carafe of white wine and two glasses.

"Are we allowed to drink in public?" she asked.

He nodded to the young couple on their left holding cozies of Coors Light. That answered her question. After they finished the turkey and cheese sandwiches he'd made, along with a carton of potato salad, Trey tossed their paper plates and plastic utensils in the trash.

When he returned, he sat behind her instead of beside her. He pulled her between his legs, and she leaned into his solid chest, letting her head fall back against his shoulder.

A sense of fulfillment rippled through her like gentle waves. She closed her eyes.

The bass drum thumped like the steady beat of Trey's heart. The rasp of cymbals kept pace with the standup bass player's notes. The brass section punctuated the rhythms with bursts of enthusiasm. Guitar chords lent a soothing strum.

A sigh left her lips. "This is perfect."

He dropped a kiss to her neck and she felt him smile. "I agree."

Then her eyes popped open. "Why didn't you bring Peanut?"

Trey poured them both another half a glass of wine. "At the pet care place, the other dogs must run circles around him. He was so beat he barely ate dinner before he crashed hard in the corner of my couch."

The image amused her. "I take him there only three days a week to keep him active and tire him out. Four days in a row and Peanut's probably a slug."

"Pretty much."

"Thanks again for watching my dog. Sorry to make you a part time babysitter."

He took a sip of wine. "I don't mind. The little guy's growing on me."

"Well, you're a champ. Most guys wouldn't put a girl up in a hotel and take care of her dog."

"You're not just any girl. You're my girl." He kissed her temple.

That claim touched the deepest parts of her. Snuggling into him, she cupped his bent knees. "Do you know how amazing you are?"

"Tell me again," he whispered with a grin.

Twisting to face him, she looked up into his sparkling brown gaze. "You are the most thoughtful, kind, beautiful man I've ever met."

His eyelids lowered a fraction. "You're just trying to sweet talk me into bed."

She laughed and shoved at his shoulder. "How did you know?"

"Because that's what I tell myself when you say things I want to be real." Deep, dark hues of emotion swirled in his eyes. She couldn't decipher each layer of bare honesty he revealed, they came in such rapid succession. Momentarily speechless, she nodded in recognition.

The silent encouragement seemed to lessen the turmoil in his eyes. He captured her mouth in a sizzling kiss. Parting her lips, he dipped his tongue inside and curved around hers possessively. Desire caught in her abdomen.

Then he released her. Though disappointed, she supposed this wasn't the ideal place for a sexy make out session, but it would've been the right time.

Was she ready to do that? Lay her soul bare in front of him? She didn't know the answer, and he didn't seem to require one right that second. A little relieved, she sipped her wine and relaxed into his large, strong body encasing her. Simple pleasures were so rare, anymore. She relished these moments of peace and acceptance in his arms. Something she hadn't found elsewhere in her life in a long time. Not even in the prospect of a new career path.

The thought startled her but she didn't want to investigate that realization right now. She just wanted to be with him.

The jazz tune ended and claps rose up from the audience spread out across the lawn. The bassist walked to the microphone, adjusting it to his height. "I want to give a shout out to my little brother and his new fiancee as of tonight."

The young couple to their left smiled and lifted their Coors Lights in recognition. "Thanks," the guy shouted back.

"Yeah-hah!" the guitarist belted out in response. "Congrats, Danny's little brother!"

Leaning forward, Devon said to the girl, "Now you have to show off your ring."

Beaming, the young woman tucked her short blonde hair behind her ear, blushed and held out her left hand. A small heart-shaped diamond sparkled in the setting sun.

"Beautiful," Devon admired.

Trey fell unusually silent. "Babe, I have to admit something," he finally said, a slight strain in his voice. She'd never been good at declarations of emotion, and her pulse thundered in her ears. "About my past."

It had been ages since she'd found herself in a budding relationship. Usually, by the time she made it to this point with a guy, she'd found plenty of excuses to leave and was halfway out the door. "I understand," she said slowly, inviting him to share but not yet willing to reveal the heartbreak that had happened to her eight years ago. "We all have a past. Some things we're proud of, others not so much."

"I was engaged once," he stated. Prickles of uncertainty scattered over her skin. "Before we go forward in our relationship, you should know that."

Despite her wariness, she figured her spike of insecurity was typical when the man she cared about revealed details of his romantic past.

Taking her silence as an invitation, Trey continued. "We hooked up in high school. Then we broke up, off and on, both of us thinking we'd find something better, different, but never did. Eventually, we just assumed we were supposed to be together since we kept coming back for more. Looking back, I think we were just comfortable. We'd seen each other go through life's big transitions, all the highs and lows. I turned twenty-eight, she turned twenty-six, and getting married seemed like the next step."

"That sounds like the right age to think about settling down with someone." When she'd committed to Dan, she was twenty four and he was twenty six, so young in hindsight. Neither of them had been ready for the long haul, but sometimes a relationship can't lead anywhere else but to a breakup or marriage.

"For the most part, during the times we got back together Jenna managed to stay clean. But I knew addiction ran in her family, and she never stopped looking for ways to escape her ugly childhood. I guess I shouldn't have been shocked when she relapsed."

"That had to be hard." Her eyebrows furrowed. "When did she relapse?"

"She OD'd on prescription painkillers the week we were supposed to get married."

"Oh, how awful." She cupped his cheek. "I'm so sorry."

Hurt lingered in his eyes even though he shrugged. "If it had to happen, at least it was before the wedding. I was taking her to the hospital when I missed the call from my dad."

What call? "We all get our connections crossed."

"Yeah, but if I'd answered, I might've saved his life."

Her mouth fell open. "What?"

Looking off toward the stage, he dropped his chin. "Dad called me for backup when he went to haul in a felon. I wasn't there for him. He lost his life because of it. I had no idea the message he left would be the last time I ever heard his voice."

Torment tightened his features. She wanted to absorb his pain and carry it for him. "You couldn't save two lives at the same time, Trey. Not even Superman can do that."

He sighed. "No, I guess not."

But his tone said he didn't believe that. He felt responsible, and his heartbreak tore her apart. "What happened to the life you did save?"

"Jenna?" He laughed without humor. "She went into rehab, using the money we'd planned for our honeymoon, and met some guy there. We were over, so I didn't care. She's still in and out of rehab, mostly out, and still roping people into her crazy schemes. She's a piece of work." His jaw tightened. "When I left Vegas, I finally saw how toxic she was."

"Do you wish things had worked out differently?" she asked, dreading the answer.

"No." He shook his head, and this time his laugh was genuine. "We would've ended up as one of those miserable married couples that stay together for the sake of the kids. Things turned out for the best." His smile reached his eyes. "Besides, I was waiting for you."

The words made her heart soar. He'd shared his story of love and loss, inspiring her to do the same. "If things had turned out different eight years ago, I wouldn't be here with you either."

"Tell me about it." He swept both her legs over one thigh, wedging her left shoulder against his chest. Then he looped his arms around her waist, enclosing her in a protective circle.

She appreciated the gesture more than words, as she prepared to delve into memories of one of the worst day of her life. "I could tell something was wrong with Daniel the week before our wedding. He seemed distant, distracted. Whenever I tried to be affectionate or talk about last minute details, it was like he'd checked out. I figured it was typical bachelor jitters. He assured me everything was fine, but I should've listened to my instincts."

Trey stared at her intently, allowing her to continue at her own pace as her thoughts unspooled.

"We met in ROTC, graduated college, and then used our army computer skills to enter the workforce. We were hired by the same company, but he ended up becoming my superior. That's when we became more than friends. We'd planned the wedding to match our two year anniversary, and while the ceremony wasn't grand, I'd worked so hard to make it come together on our small budget. My mom had always struggled when it came to money, but she somehow scraped together the cash to buy the material to make my wedding dress. It was beautiful, with pearls and lace and a long satin train. The first time I tried it on I felt like Cinderella and we both cried."

Sinking her toes into the warm grass beside them, she sighed at her one sweet memory during that time then spoke in a rush, "I stood at the back of the church and the music started playing, I looked down the aisle but didn't see Dan in front of the altar. I thought maybe he'd planned some grand entrance, since he'd always been a showman. So I went down the aisle by myself, stood on the steps by the minister and waited." Misery collected in her throat. "And waited. He never came. He left me at the altar on our wedding day."

Trey's jaw dropped and anger clouded his gaze. "How could he do that to you?"

Repressed sensations of hurt and abandonment traveled through her veins like shards of broken glass leading straight to her heart. I don't know, she tried to say, except she couldn't push the words past the lump of unshed tears in her throat. Though she had her suspicions. Facing a future with a woman who couldn't bear him children had turned a decent man into a cold, heartless deserter.

Clearing her throat, she shoved those memories back down into a box in her psyche marked Do Not Open. "You know what's crazy? Dan tried to connect with me on Facebook a couple months ago. I didn't reply. What was I going to say? 'Gee, great to hear from you after you walked out on me in front of a church full of people.' Some things are better left alone."

With a disgusted huff, Trey shook his head. "What an idiot. He had a serious mental defect. Any guy who could walk away from you doesn't deserve you."

She leaned her head on his broad shoulder, and he rested his cheek against her hair.

"For the record," he stated, "I'm not an idiot. I know a good thing when I've found it."

I won't walk away from you. The suggestion underlying his words sent a flutter through her chest. A warm glow spread from her head to her toes. She snuggled closer to him, wishing they were alone so they could physically explore their raw, heartfelt moment.

Why did Trey have to be so perfect? She believed she'd found the real thing, the right man, just when she was about to leave. Then again, she never would've pursued their attraction if she had known from the start she might fall for him. Life was either wretchedly unfair or had tricked her into her present situation. She wasn't sure which was worse-or better. Nothing made sense except being here in his arms. She tried hard to trust that things would work themselves out. She also wanted to hate this sense of limbo and uncertainty. Yet if indecision bought her more time with him, she'd pay that price. He was the best thing that had happened to her years.

The band finished the last song of their set, and he glanced at her with anticipation glinting in his eyes. "Want to head back to my place and see Peanut?"

She leaped to her feet. "Yes!"

He chuckled. "I figured."

They packed up their picnic, left the park, and drove in the direction of his house. Her usual concerns about going to a guy's place and spending the night rattled around in her brain. She'd made a long-standing habit of bringing lovers to her house. That way she'd never know too much about their lives or the intimate details of their surroundings. That made her temporary romances easier to discard. In her own home, she felt confident and in control. She could kick the guy out whenever she wanted.

Going home with Trey flew in the face of her usual self-preservation. But this was Trey, and she trusted him. She wanted to see his home and all the nuances and aspects of him, the things that surrounded him, that meant something to him. In a way, she wanted to become a part of him. She wanted to be a piece that fit into the secure puzzle of his life. Even if that made her insecure, off-kilter, and not in control.

"I adore you," she said, leaning across the car's arm rest to kiss his cheek.

Smiling, he gave a quiet nod. "Same."

The three-quarter moon shone brightly, erasing the stars within the wide circumference of its glow. The ethereal effect cast the woods, fields and houses they passed in a muted blue-gray hush with random pops of glitter.

Trey downshifted and slowed his car, taking a left into a gravel driveway.

When they'd briefly discussed his architecture plans in passing, she'd pictured a squat little ranch in need of massive updates. The layout that sprawled before her dwarfed her two story townhouse by at least a thousand square feet.

Lifting up on the leather seat, she glimpsed through a monstrous window straight from the front of the home to the back, where the Denver skyline twinkled in the distant valley. Considering the massive scale of the addition he'd described, the house would top out at five or six thousand square feet.

The man didn't dream small. She grinned, picturing the barn with stables he'd envisioned in the sprawling field to the left of the house. The right portion of the property harbored dense woods as far as she could see, with no glimmer of a neighbor's lights in view. He'd chosen well, she thought, thoroughly amazed by her first impression of the estate. Once he placed his personal signature on the expanse, it would certainly be considered an estate.

"I'm sure Peanut will be thrilled you're here," he said, leading her to his front porch where he'd left the lights on in their antique carriage house sconces.

She looked forward to seeing her baby, running her fingers through his soft fur. Trey unlocked and opened his front door. She heard the sweet scrape of Peanut's claws as he scampered across the tile toward her.

"Peanut!" She lowered to her knees and hugged his furry little body. He licked her face and yipped with enthusiasm.

When Trey closed the door, Peanut wriggled in her grasp then abandoned her to greet his new best friend. Trey bent and patted Peanut's head. "Hey, big guy. I brought your mama to see you."

Peanut pawed Trey's shins, wanting more affection. Totally ignoring her. Feeling replaced, she shot Trey a dirty look. "I guess you two have gotten along just fine without me."

He scratched behind Peanut's ears and shrugged. "I fed him every night and we watched TV reruns of Walker Texas Ranger. I guess he goes for kibbles and cowboys."

"Humph." She crossed her arms and stood. She eyed Peanut who practically had a conniption trying to get Trey's attention. "You little traitor," she muttered.

"Peanut's still your baby," Trey assured. "I'm just the new alpha male in the pack. Once he gets used to me being around you, and we're together in this house, he'll be all yours again."

Her spine snapped straight. He'd made a rather bold string of assumptions without batting an eye.

To her surprise, instead of getting defensive, she relaxed. This definitely didn't bode well for her heart. Even more surprising, that didn't bother her or send her running for cover behind her prickly defenses. He'd gotten to her. And she wasn't getting away. A thrill chased through her.

"Do I get the tour?" she asked, glancing at the shadowy surroundings.

"Later." He pulled her into his arms. The stiffness in his pants pressed against her hip like a hot brand. "Right now, you're mine. I want you naked in my bed." His mouth claimed hers and he lifted her off her feet, carrying her to his bedroom.

The room's scent reminded her of the lavender and thyme incense from the yoga studio, with an added earthy undertone that made her think of rain dripping from leaves in a forest. He took her to the mattress, his hands clutching her against him as if he couldn't bring her close enough.

"I want you," she whispered.

Lowering her onto his mattress, he spread her on moss-green silk sheets then scraped his polo shirt from his back up over his head. His gorgeous torso glistened in the moonlight slanting in silver shafts through the skylights above. He came over her then, stripping her clothes as he kissed each body part he revealed. Taking hold of her waist, he lifted her with ease, positioning her where he wanted her. As if he'd pictured this moment a hundred times. She felt so desired, so treasured in this moment.

The infatuation was mutual. She scraped her nails across his shoulders, urging him closer. He kissed her deeply, as though trying to draw forth the part of her soul she'd never shown anyone. His breath came in hot bursts against her lips. She unfastened his pants while he slid two fingers into her channel. His thumb circled her clit and she shuddered with a sigh of pleasure.

"Please. I need you inside me."

Kicking off his pants and boxers, he slid inside her and hugged her tight against his body. She sighed as their hands clasped together. All thoughts drifted into the heated atmosphere surrounding them.

Tonight, his lovemaking intensified. He lifted her easily from her back to her stomach, and continued his deep, insatiable drives. Then he moved them off the bed to take her against the wall. His mouth never left hers.

Her shoulder blades were slightly chafed when he decided to take her back to his bed. He fit perfectly between her thighs, in every position, and she couldn't get enough of him. "God, you're amazing," she breathed.

He grabbed her wrists and slid them up over her head, clenching tight as he pumped into her with territorial force. "I wanted you in my bed the day I met you."

Swirls of excitement echoed through her. "I didn't know until last week."

"You've haunted my dreams. You never left me alone. That's why I had to pursue you." He sent himself into her with renewed vigor. "I need you."

As he thrust into her, she understood his admission. "I need you, too."

She wrapped her legs around his waist, tossed her head back against his pillows, and let her orgasm rip through her in clenching waves.

"Yes!" she screamed.

"Fuck, yeah." He growled low and sent himself deep inside her. He gripped her hands with punishing force then came with uncontrolled shudders.

Eventually, he released the tension in his muscular form. She welcomed his weight, wrapping her arms around his shoulders.

He shifted to lean on his side, pulling her against his chest. "You're amazing," he said. "Thanks for spending the night with me."

I think I love you. The words were there, but her lips refused to say them.

"You have no idea what you mean to me." His whisper stirred the hair behind her ear.

Fortunately, it was his pillow and not his arm that absorbed a rogue tear that fell from her lashes. This wasn't all he wanted, but it was all she could hope for. Because he wanted children and she couldn't have them, and these beautiful moments needed to last her long into the future, a time when eventually the thought of him made her smile instead of filling her with barren regret.

She nuzzled against his chest. "Thank you," she whispered, for everything he was, everything he could be, but all the things she'd never know.

His hold tightened around her. "Whatever you need, I'm here."

Another tear almost dropped, but she clenched her eyes tight and refused to show her vulnerability. She wanted one perfect night. And he was giving that to her.

Whatever happened from this point on, she could live with it. Even losing him. But tonight, she had these moments to cherish. Her heart expanded with love she couldn't share but recognized as whole and true.

Soon, she'd tell him she wasn't as perfect as he thought. That she was flawed and damaged, and she couldn't give him what he wanted in his future.

But now, lying in the moonlight, he was hers. And she was his.

Completely.

Chapter 9

"Is this it?"

Trey glanced up as his brother waltzed into his office. "Is what it?" he questioned.

"Devon," he replied. "She's it. Love, marriage, babies. She's the one."

Grinning, Trey didn't bother hiding his emotions or the truth from his brother. "Yeah, she's it."

Cade collapsed into the leather chair across from Trey's desk. "God, it's about time."

Trey arched an eyebrow. "Why's that?"

Uncrossing his arms, Cade sat forward. "Do you know how long we've waited for you to get over Jenna and find a girl who deserves you?"

"You...and who else?" he asked, disbelieving his cousins had any investment in his love life. They couldn't even handle their own.

"Me, Adam and Liam. You had us worried. You're the family guy, Trey. The one who's supposed to find the girl, get married, pop out kids. Carry on the family bloodline and legacy." His brother grinned. "That frees us up to stay bachelors for as long as we want."

"Glad I could take one for the team," Trey said dryly.

"Dad always knew you'd find the right woman and give him the grandkids he always wanted."

Trey sobered. "You and I made some big promises at his deathbed."

Nodding, Cade glanced at the floor, his forehead tightening. "Do you think he heard us, even in a coma?"

"I believe he did." Trey stared down at his tightly folded hands. "After I vowed I'd get the family out of the business and give his grandchildren a safer future and you vowed to find the people who did this to him, he slipped away five minutes later."

"With a son on either side of him, holding his hand," Cade murmured, his eyes misting.

Cade blamed himself for their dad's death. That fateful night, while he had dealt with Jenna's overdose, Cade had declined to go with Dad on the bounty run that ultimately got him killed. Cade was also the one who had identified Dad's bloody body for the police. While they both carried the burden of regret, he suspected Cade had internalized the blame and let it haunt him. Years later, that ghost still clung to him. A continuous dark presence beneath the surface of his easy grin and smooth debonair persona.

Pinching the bridge of his nose, Cade blinked and shook his head slightly. "You know the girl I told you about, Kylie Cross?"

"Was she the law student you met with a month ago?"

Cade nodded. "I guess there's a final argument she has to give in front of a panel of lawyers. She'd been looking into the case Dad was supposed to testify at, something about the Fourth Amendment. Well, she thinks she found a new angle that might break the old case wide open."

Trey rubbed his chin. "I remember you talking about new information, stuff that never made it to trial."

"Kylie and I got off to rocky start. I didn't want someone prying into Dad's life, like it might disturb the dust finally settling on his memory, you know? But she re-interviewed a witness who was dismissed by the defense, and she thinks there's more to the story and Dad's death."

Trey sat forward. "That's incredible. Is she still in Vegas?"

"For now. I've asked Kylie to come out here, told her I'd pay for all her expenses, but she keeps avoiding me. Now she corresponds through email only. After I bit her head off the first time we met, I can't blame her, but I'm anxious to find out the details." A tortured expression twisted Cade's features. "Since you're following through on your promise to Dad, making plans for the future with Devon, I want to find some closure for him, too."

Trey felt protective of his younger brother, distressed that Cade still carried that burden of guilt. "What happened to Dad isn't your fault. I think we've both made him proud."

"You especially, when you bought Logan's company and moved us into the corporate world. Devon's like icing on the cake. I wouldn't have pictured you and her as a couple, but seeing you together, you make perfect sense. It works."

"It better," Trey murmured. "I don't have any second choice or alternative options when it comes to her."

Cade crossed his ankle over his knee and nodded. "It's great to see you with a woman who makes you happy. Should I plan the bachelor party and order a tux for the wedding?"

"Not yet." Trey wasn't totally confident that if he popped the question, Devon would say yes. She might, but "might" was a far cry from diving into the rest of their lives together. They had both made that mistake once, but this time he knew he'd found the one. "We're working on it."

Cade's sly smile told Trey he'd already expected the inevitable. "So I shouldn't walk up to Devon and say congratulations?"

Trey's eyes flew wide and he shot out of his chair. "Don't you dare."

"Whoa, okay. Got it, she's not there yet, but you are. I'm glad you're there, bro. Will I be the godfather of your first kid?"

Trey rolled his eyes. "Yeah, now for God's sake, leave me alone so I can do actual work."

Cade grinned and left, shutting the door behind him.

If Devon had been witness to this discussion, she might've run in the other direction. The Sorens were a rather proud, genetically territorial group.

Still, he didn't want his family hounding her about when they'd get married and start replenishing the gene pool. He trusted Cade to keep the news of their advancing relationship to himself, since his brother would never sabotage something this important for him, but clearly his cousins knew the score. It was only a matter of time before Adam opened his big mouth and put Devon in an awkward situation.

Which meant, sooner rather than later, he needed to approach her with the option of making their relationship permanent. While that might shock her into a decision, maybe the two of them needed a boost of momentum. Something to propel them forward with his intention to take her as his woman, his wife, and the mother of his children.

Hopefully, she'd say yes.

Because he couldn't imagine his life without her.

*

When a knock sounded on her office door Friday morning, Devon knew it wasn't Trey. He would've strolled in without the formality of knocking.

"Yes?"

The last person she expected to see was Adam. They'd never exchanged more than a few words, and they weren't on the friendliest terms. "Can I have a few minutes?" he asked.

Arching her eyebrows, she nodded, wary but curious. He wore his dark brooding personality like a shield that said get back. Before Trey, her own shield of sarcasm and calculated emotional distance had kept her heart safe. She wondered about the source of Adam's conflict with the world and why he put up barriers, and if his trust or his heart had been as damaged as hers once was. Although she'd finally ventured beyond her barricades to meet Trey halfway, she recognized a kindred spirit. She'd never stopped to think about Adam in those terms. She suspected he had his reasons for his prickly characteristics, and her attitude toward him softened for the first time.

Having never seen him out of his leather jacket, she noticed the sleeve of tattoos on his left arm. She gestured to the impressive artistry. "Nice tats."

He nodded. "Thanks. You got any ink?"

"Nah." She shrugged. "I never found anything so profound I wanted to imprint it on my body for life."

"Every mark I have tells part of my story."

She found his statement rather philosophical for a muscle-bound biker and decided to extend the olive branch. "Someday, over beers, I'd like to hear those stories."

Surprise registered on his face, though he nodded. "Sure."

"But I'm guessing that's not why you stopped by my office."

"Right." When he approached her desk and handed her a portable USB drive, he carried with him the scents of sun-warmed leather and summer wind.

She accepted his offering. "Um, thanks, but I have a million of these."

His vivid green eyes sparkled. "Not like this one."

Sitting back in her chair, she inspected the memory stick. "What's so special about it?"

"Don't know if Trey mentioned it, but I'm working with the bodyguards, matching their skills with clients' personalities and experience. But I'm new at this. What do I know, right?"

"We all have to face a learning curve in the beginning," she assured.

"Some take longer than others to come around," he said wryly. "I had this idea for a tech gadget clients can use in emergencies. I don't have an iPad or tablet or laptop attached to my hip, but a lot of people do. I went to Allen Guthrey and he made up some specs for what I wanted."

That took serious initiative, forward thinking and intellectual investment. She realized Trey had a diamond in the rough with his cousin. The word specs caught her attention because she hadn't heard anything about this experiment from Allen, but she encouraged her people to think outside the box. "What does it do?"

"I wanted a small device people could carry on them, in a coat pocket or purse. Something that wouldn't look out of place or catch attention. And I wanted it to send a signal like an SOS, some kind of alert that goes straight to my phone, because I don't read many emails."

Unable to fathom her day without reading or responding to a single email, she tried not to gape at him. That would be like living without a toothbrush or coffee.

Apparently sensing her disbelief, he shrugged and stared at the floor. "Me and words never got along too well."

Compassion filled her as she realized Adam had just admitted to having a learning disability. "I can't drive a stick shift," she blurted out to fill the awkward silence. "No one can be good at everything."

The corner of his mouth lifted. "You can't ride a motorcycle until you've learned how to shift."

"No thanks." She held up her palms in refusal. "I'll leave motorcycle riding to the cool people."

"I don't know about that." He rubbed his chin. "Hacking into computers is a pretty awesome skill if you ask me."

Had she and Adam just bonded? Imagine that. She smiled. "Now that we've established our rank in the cool crowd, I want to know more about this thumb drive."

"Sure. Allen brought me some of his ideas, and as of today we have the SOS prototype." He started talking with his hands, more animated than she'd ever seen him. "It has a built in Wi-Fi signal. The instant the drive is plugged into a laptop or tablet, it sends a signal to me, Trey, Cade and Liam. Unless you're in a third world jungle, your alert reaches us in seconds. Allen programmed my phone with a ringtone for only this device. It also sends an SOS text message. Using the same frequency as cell phone towers means we can track the client's signal and estimate a GPS location."

"That's genius." Why hadn't she thought of anything this remarkable? "I'm serious. This adds a vital layer of protection for your clients. One more reason people should hire bodyguards from Soren Security instead of the competition." She tilted her head in admiration. "You've given this company a huge boost to its bottom line. I'm totally impressed."

"Really?" A tinge of red colored his sharp cheekbones. "You're not just saying that."

"I don't give out compliments lightly. They have to be earned." She snorted. "Just ask my team."

His half smile transformed the sharp, rugged planes of his face. "Cool. Then we'll start production next week."

"Sounds good. The sooner the better. In fact, you'll want to think about sending a notice to your staff and clients describing the device and its uses. Get together with the marketing department and have them create some descriptions, pamphlets and literature for this special added security measure. A patent is probably your next step."

"Yeah, I think I'll leave that to people who know what they're doing."

"Nice work, Adam," she said sincerely.

"You should've seen me testing this thing. I rode my Harley all over the city and into the mountains with a laptop bag strapped to my back. I got some strange looks."

"Innovation is rarely trendy. Sometimes you have to go to extremes, and it's always worth it in the end."

Nodding, he seemed to take her words to heart. She handed him back the USB drive, but he waved away her gesture. "Keep it. We'll have more soon. Besides, I know Trey would want you to have it."

A perceptive glint stole into Adam's emerald eyes. She curled her fingers around the thumb drive and slid it into her purse. "Thank you," she said softly. "I appreciate that."

"No problem." Shoving his hands into the pockets of his jeans, he shrugged. "Guess I should get this ball rolling in marketing. Good suggestion. I wasn't sure what to do next."

"Oh, and tell Mindy who's in charge of PR, so she can connect with the marketing department to write up a press release. This is going to get a lot of attention. You should be proud."

He turned to leave. "I'll be proud when it saves someone's life."

"Thanks for coming by, Adam."

He sent her a nod and left.

Mind spinning with possibilities, she grabbed a stack of sticky notes and jotted down ideas as they came to her about ways she could improve the SOS device by syncing it with their IT network. Creative juices flowing, she felt jazzed about the new technology feature. It truly was brilliant. Adam turned out to be full of surprises.

As she moved from quick thoughts to a more detailed plan of implementation and integration, she switched to note cards that she'd add to a Gantt chart for her team to follow as they embarked on the project. It seemed like ages since she'd worked on something innovative and game changing, too swamped with keeping the status quo at Soren Security to orchestrate a new rollout plan.

Excitement coursed through her veins. This was what she loved, thrived at, lived for-bringing innovation to the masses. Making a difference. Not exactly the types of projects she would work on at ActionNet, but the inner sense of empowerment was the same.

A startling thought stopped her in her mental tracks. If she contributed to these worthwhile projects regularly, would she need to change careers? After all, the ability to problem solve and the sense of contribution gave her joy, not specifically the content. The SOS device would save lives. She could never attribute that impact to a video game.

Had she stumbled on a way to achieve work satisfaction while staying in Denver? When she realized her fingers were trembling, she set down her pen. The specially equipped USB drive not only boosted security and profits for Trey's company, it provided her with purpose and ignited her passion. The realization was both exciting and unnerving, because it led to a greater question. Could she give up her dream job in Phoenix to take a chance on her dreams here with Trey?

While she enjoyed moments of spontaneity, abrupt life changes terrified her. There was no guarantee of a safety net if she took the plunge and remained. Except for Dan, she'd never altered her life plans for any man, and had sworn she never would again. Her heart couldn't take the risk. Honestly, she hadn't fully invested her thoughts or emotions into a future with Trey, anticipating her move and their inevitable separation.

But now? Anxiety speared her and she blew out a slow breath. Now she didn't know where she stood or how she felt about taking the biggest risk of all-offering her trust to him without reservations, without second guessing.

Trey wasn't a man who approached anything halfway. She had to give him all or nothing. Also, she realized how much easier their relationship had been when she didn't have options, when she knew what she wanted and believed the job in Phoenix would give her what she'd been missing.

"Crap," she muttered. It would destroy her if Trey came to the same conclusion as Dan had the day they were supposed to get married. If that happened, she would've stayed here for nothing. Out of a job, out of love, out of hope.

While she prided herself on being a strong, successful, independent woman, she doubted she could recover from a repeat of Dan's abandonment.

Dampness pricked the backs of her eyes, and her heart cramped.

"Damn it." She pressed the heels of her palms against her lashes until the flood of moisture disappeared.

Looking for a mindless escape, she scrolled through work emails, deleting or responding as needed. When a professional external email came up in her queue, she straightened and scanned the contents. Then she returned to the top, sharpening her concentration.

Dear Ms. Leigh,

Our company, Developer's Muse, recently partnered with ActionNet, Inc. to develop an exciting game prototype called Generation A (A for Apocalypse). We met with their staff but were unable to find the right fit. Then they described the unique skills you're bringing to the ActionNet team. We were sold. Your personal and professional credentials exceeded our expectations. We would refer to your expertise on every level of development, from storyline and characterization to development and deployment. We'd like to hire you as a contractor through ActionNet. If you are interested, please respond via our Human Resources manager, Ellen Stafford, so we can set up a separate interview with you. We will travel to your location. We hope you will consider our offer.

Sincerely,

Carl Wells, CEO

Developer's Muse

Whoa. They were asking her to develop a video game from the ground up, character creation to rollout? "This is what I wanted."

Exactly what she'd craved when she'd interviewed with ActionNet. Endless creative options, a chance to push her programming limits, and full control over content. Could it get any better?

Out of curiosity, she looked up the company's website, read their mission statement, and tried to contain a squeal of excitement. A reckless instinct urged her fingers to the keyboard to type an enthusiastic response. She hit send before thinking twice. She still had time to discover whether she and Trey were meant to be together, but the job interest from Developer's Muse was too amazing to pass up, the chance to have it all in her career.

Then she realized she'd replied to the CEO directly, not the human resources woman. Annoyed with herself, she retyped her letter of interest. Before she finished her second email, she received a response from the CEO.

We're pleased you are interested. I'll have my assistant make arrangements for me to fly out for an interview next week. We are eager to have you on board, and we'd like you to start immediately. Best regards, Carl.

She leaped out of her chair and did a happy dance. "The opportunity of a lifetime," she said aloud.

Then a twinge of guilt pricked her conscience. She'd planned to delay her move to ActionNet for another month and devote her efforts to improving her team's knowledge. She couldn't leave without fulfilling her promise, but...could she start a new contract with Developer's Muse part-time while she completed her daytime obligation to Soren Security and continued her nighttime adventures with Trey?

The more she considered her options as a contractor, versus a hired onsite employee, her future shone brighter than ever.

*

Sunlight reflected off the pool's warm water as it lapped Devon's waist. She'd arrived with Trey at Logan's birthday party two hours ago and had made the social rounds. She'd enjoyed seeing familiar faces from Stone Security. Then Logan came up with the brilliant idea of pitting Soren Security's directors' team against Stone Security's top brass in a pool volleyball game. She and Mindy, Trey's PR girl, were the only women in the pool.

"Go girl power," Mindy said, and water sluiced down their arms as she met Mindy's high five.

"That's hot," Liam said with a grin. "Nothing better than the element of distraction."

Trey threw him a murderous glare. "Watch it."

"Damn, dude. Why so touchy? I'm admiring," Liam replied. "It's a compliment."

"Keep your compliments to yourself." The two engaged in a brief, playful water brawl, while Allison and family friend Rick Dunn unfurled the volleyball net, securing it in place.

Unable to help herself, Devon scanned the two teams, doing a little admiring of her own. Of course, Trey was the hottest man there, but bare chests, broad shoulders, and gleaming muscles abounded.

The Soren's team of buff male bodies included Isaac Atlas-who she'd noticed admiring Mindy on more than one occasion-Blaze Taylor from finance and Ryder Worth from the HR team, and naturally the handsome Soren clan. An intriguing contrast to Logan's team, which included Logan plus eight of his seasoned and crew cut ex-military types. Her team was younger and more laid back, rough around the edges, with a day's worth of unshaven jaws and longer hair than she knew Logan would've liked.

An impressive sight to behold, there was eye candy galore. The female guests were outnumbered three to one, and the single ladies had to be appreciating the view.

Suddenly, she realized she didn't consider herself single anymore. A smile glowed in her heart as her eyes rested on Trey's muscular, towering form in swim trunks.

When Logan whistled, Trey and Liam called a draw on their wrestling match. Trey's glance moved to her, and a sizzling look settled in the depths. Appreciation spread through her as she realized she'd happily give up her single girl independence to wake up to that look and his fine body every morning. His lips quirked as if he'd read her mind. He mouthed the word, "Later," followed by a possessive sweep over her bikini. She responded by arching an eyebrow over a come-and-get-it glance. She swore a low groan echoed across the pool.

Then she turned to face the net as Logan rattled off a list of rules, including, "The first team to twenty one, wins."

"Wins what?" Liam asked.

Logan leveled a look across the volleyball net. "Bragging rights. For all eternity."

The Soren team responded with whoops and chest pounding. She rolled her eyes. Hopefully, she and Mindy wouldn't get lost in this overwhelming sea of testosterone.

"Guest team serves first," Logan stated, tossing the volleyball at Trey, who was ready for action in the far left corner of the pool. He made a killer serve that put the smack down on Team Stone.

From the poolside, Allison grinned and counted the score. "One point for Team Soren."

Team Stone grumbled and skewered their opponents with icy hard-eyed looks.

"Yeah? Bring it." Devon moved back one line as her team shifted stations. Trey swam to the front near the net, and, when he surfaced, she stole a moment of opportunity to admire his six pack abs.

Then she and Mindy worked a nice volley between them before her forearms pumped the ball in Cade's direction. He slammed it into the water, and she cheered for her rockin' team.

Team Stone gained four points on them, but Team Soren soon regained the lead at fifteen points. Then twenty. Her competitive streak seemed to match that of her teammates. She loved the lightning-strike intensity the Soren men poured into everything they did, whether they were running a business or playing pool volleyball.

Pride filled her and so did a sense of belonging. She realized how much she wanted to be a part of the Soren team. Personally and professionally. These were her guys, and she wanted to remain their colleague and friend, and with Trey she wanted so much more. She wanted to be part of his family.

As the life-changing thought crossed her mind, she glanced at him.

Just in time to see little Sammy streaking toward the pool. Trey's expression changed when he looked to his right. They both abandoned their posts, diving toward Sammy at the same time, catching the boy's pudgy arms as he hit the water. Never mind that he wore a floatation ring around his middle and his arms were packed in puffy orange floaters. The kid almost gave her a heart attack.

"It's okay," Allison exclaimed as the volleyball splashed in the pool beside them unheeded. "Sammy and I have been swimming all week."

Devon released a pent up breath. "You could've told me that before my stomach dropped to my toes."

"Right." Trey relaxed his grasp on the boy who kicked and splashed and squealed in delight.

Devon strove to bring her pulse back to normal.

"We win, at twenty one!" Rick shouted from Logan's side.

"I call interference," Trey retorted, his eyes on Sammy until he seemed assured the child would actually float on his own.

"Trying to save my son's life gives you a pass," Logan assured with a deep fondness in his tone as he watched his little boy giggle in the water.

Then Rick and Vivi Dunn's four kids leaped into the pool. Rick sighed. "I guess adult time has gone into recess."

The team rivalry quickly dispersed, and the focus shifted to family.

Near the net, Rick showed his boys how to play pool volleyball, while Mindy and Isaac stood on the other side to catch the ball and throw it back to the kids. Adam and Liam commenced with handstand competitions in the pool. Logan played with his son, flipping Sammy upside down and catching the boy right as he hit the water's surface, while Team Stone scattered and headed toward their wives or congregated around the stocked outdoor bar.

"Hey, gorgeous." Trey's voice drifted over her like a caress.

An instant smile touched her lips. "Hey, handsome."

Truthfully, she didn't care anymore who saw them together, exchanging intimate gestures, words and smiles. She adored him and couldn't help showing it. Her shell of self-protection had crumbled in the past week. She had nothing to hide from him.

Or wait. She still had one thing, and she needed to reveal that to him as soon as the time seemed right and nonthreatening. Though when it came to the way Trey regarded family, no time would be right.

Allison clinked a spoon against her glass of soda water to make an announcement. In the pool, Trey paused in his game of tossing Sammy back and forth between him and Logan. Allison smiled. "This event is to celebrate my amazing husband, Logan. It's his thirty-fifth birthday. Congrats, honey."

Cheers rose up among the guests. Trey exited the pool, toweling off as he came to stand beside Devon.

"I also want to share some exciting news," Allison said. "Logan and I are pregnant with baby number two."

Shouts and congratulations echoed through the crowd. Devon laughed with genuine happiness for her friend, and when Trey's hand cupped her shoulder, she pressed her fingers over his.

He kissed her temple and murmured, "Someday, that'll be us."

Stunned by his statement, it took a moment to register that he'd just said he wanted her to be the mother of his children. At first a primal thrill rose up inside her, but then a horrible sinking sensation gripped her heart and her knees threatened to give out.

Trey wandered over to Sammy and sank to his haunches so the small child could grasp his fingers. He looked over at her and winked, his smile filled with certainty.

A random dream floated through her consciousness. My God, we would have beautiful dark-haired, dark-eyed babies.

Struggle and fear sank into her with ruthless claws. Reality smacked her with such force it knocked the breath from her lungs, and she gasped. Everything inside her ached with a wish that had been slashed apart, and she felt as if her organs were shutting down one by one.

Moving blindly, she fled the pool area, darting into the house. She locked herself in the bathroom and gripped the sink, wondering if she'd throw up or pass out. Either one would spare her from the agonizingly honest discussion she had to face.

Children would never be possible.

The emptiness in her womb throbbed and expanded like an invisible tumor threatening her life and her dreams. Of course she'd wanted family, love, acceptance, but life had dealt her a different set of cards. She'd accepted that, damn it. Until Trey.

"Babe, are you okay?" he asked, concern heavy in his tone.

No, she wasn't okay. She desperately wanted something with him that she couldn't have.

Separation. That's where this was leading. God, why had she ignored the truth this long? Deluding herself into imagining her future could be different than what it was?

Something she'd learned in ROTC came back to serve her well. She inhaled on the count of four, held her breath for four beats, then exhaled on the count of four.

"Honey, you're scaring me," he said beyond the door. "Please, answer me."

Four counts in. Four counts hold. Four counts out.

Finally, she found the courage to unlock the door and twist the knob. Trey rushed in. "Hey." He hugged her tight against him, and she almost lost herself in the sensation of being cared for completely. "I know you've been through a lot the past few weeks." His arms tightened around her, so compelling, so secure. "Just let me be here for you."

A knife twisted in her gut while he held her against his warm bare chest. A shelter against all storms. "I need to go," she whispered. "Now."

"Sure, yeah. We can do that." Trey went to retrieve their suitcases, stashed in Logan and Allison's spare bedroom where they'd planned to spend the night. Even the best laid plans went up in flames. Like her future with him.

By the time he guided her out the door, he'd donned jeans and a t-shirt. He loaded their suitcases into his trunk and they left without a word to anyone. Undoubtedly, their quick quiet exit would draw attention soon, but the sickness in her soul left little room to care what anyone thought.

Rolling back the top of his convertible, Trey reaffirmed his grip on the steering wheel. "What's going on?"

Making a fist, she held her hand against the center of her chest. It was time to come clean with the truth. "Trey, I was offered a job opportunity in Phoenix, and I want to take it."

At first, his forehead smoothed with a blank expression. Then deep grooves formed between his eyebrows. "When did this come up?"

"Last month. I was contacted by a company that programs gaming software, like the war we waged against the zombies at the arcade. It's something I've always dreamed of doing."

Tension rippled along the muscles of his forearms. "Are you moving?"

"After I fly down for my second interview and sign the offer, yes."

A vein throbbed in his temple. "So that's it? I don't even get a vote? Or have the past two weeks meant nothing to you?"

They've meant everything to me. You mean everything to me. "This is my decision. It's done."

"Like hell it's done." When she dared a glance at him, a muscle worked furiously in his jaw.

"This is something I need to do for my career, for my future." Why did those words coil like barbed wire in her soul?

"I guess I'm not in that picture." His jaw hardened to the point she thought he might crack a molar. "You know what I have to say to that? Bullshit. A damn job didn't make you run from the pool like you were scared to death. At least respect me enough to give me an honest answer."

Pain and hostility jolted her like a live current. "Fine. You want the truth? I can't have kids. We will never be Allison and Logan 'someday.' I'll never be pregnant or have your babies."

Instantly, he downshifted, and they came to a stop at a red light. "What?"

The sincere struggle toward comprehension played out on his features, making her heart twist again. "You have an amazing family, Trey. Something I've never had and always envied. You have people who are there for you no matter what. I can't give that to you."

His Adam's apple bobbed. "I don't know what to say."

"It's okay," she said with a snarky undertone. "I get that a lot."

"Devon-"

Her lungs shuddered as she fought to breathe without bursting into tears. "You shouldn't have to choose between me and your desire for children. So I'm leaving."

The silence between them rivaled the hollow expanse of her favorite sci-fi novelists' descriptions of the post-apocalypse. Putrid. Aching. Empty. Devastated. Haunted.

"I had no idea." He extended his hand, palm up, waiting for her response.

Instead of taking it, she folded her arms over her heart. "Please drop me off at the hotel."

As he pulled into the parking lot, his knuckles turned white on the steering wheel. "We need to talk about this."

"There's nothing to say. It's over. All we can do is move on."

"I don't want to move on." He choked and cleared his throat. "I can't."

"Let it sink in. You'll see I'm right."

"Don't do this Devon. Don't shut me out."

Silent, she steeled herself until he shifted the gearstick into park in front of the entrance. Then she climbed out, shut the door and didn't look back. She couldn't, or she might turn around and rush back into his arms, into his life. But that wasn't fair to either of them.

God, so much had changed since her first night here, she thought, as she locked herself in her room, dropped her purse and dove onto the bed where Trey had made love to her. She grabbed a pillow and let her tears run free.

She'd just given up her best chance at belonging she'd ever had.

Sobbing into her pillow, she mourned for the babies she might've had. For the dreams of a family she wanted but would never know.

She mourned for her future...without Trey.

Chapter 10

Trey avoided Devon's floor Monday morning. Whenever he took the elevator and the fourth floor button lit up, his gut churned and the tingle at the base of his scalp stung like a slap. His whole body ached as if he'd come out on the losing end of a bar brawl. He hadn't even felt this shitty after he called off his wedding and his relationship with Jenna, and she'd hooked up with that guy in rehab.

Apparently, he sucked at reading the female psyche. Devon had seemed so into their relationship, into him. He'd believed she would be a permanent part of his life, for better or worse, forever. And when the hell had she planned to drop the ticking bomb that she intended to leave? When he got down on one knee with a ring?

The profound loneliness echoed in his soul. He wasn't a religious guy, but the past twenty four hours had proven purgatory existed. His world had shattered, his future a collection of broken pieces that no longer fit together.

The dreams inspired by Devon now mocked him. Anger and resentment followed tides of longing that scorched his veins. Because all he wanted was to hold her tight and tell her they'd find a way to work this out.

Then he laughed bitterly. She didn't want to work things out, she was leaving for a life that didn't include him-had never included him, apparently. And there wasn't a damn thing he could do about it.

That helpless sensation tore through his chest throughout the morning. By noon, it hurt to breathe.

Hollow inside, he went through the motions of his workday, sitting in meetings, listening to people whose lives were going on as usual, even while his was falling apart. He wanted to stand up and shout his frustration and punch the wall. He wanted to demand an explanation why the love of his life couldn't be his wife, and the children he desperately wanted with her would never exist.

The failure hounded him like a cruel nightmare that refused to end, and sharp knives of regret shredded his insides, tearing him apart. Useless and wrecked, he canceled his three o'clock meeting and paced his office. All he could think about was looking into her eyes, touching her, making love to her.

Damn, he needed to see her. He needed a sign, some indication that his suffering wasn't one sided.

The people he passed on the way to her office moved in a continuous blur until he stood outside her door. Sucking in a painful breath, he turned the handle and walked in.

Devon stiffened and sprang to her feet. When her eyes met his, they lacked their usual gleam. Dark, puffy circles ringed her gaze. She looked pale, sad and lost. He hated seeing her like this, but at least her suffering gave him an edge of hope. That this possibly hurt her as much as him.

"We need to talk," he said, closing the door. He approached her desk.

She took a step back, her shoulders tightening as she folded her arms across her waist. "I know."

"You didn't answer my calls yesterday."

"I didn't know what else to say."

He clenched his jaw. "I also noticed all the hotel charges were put back on my credit card. You can't afford that expense."

She shrugged. "It didn't seem right to take your money."

The money didn't matter to him, she did. And no amount of money could change whether she left or stayed. "I don't regret the past two weeks," he said, striving to keep his tone level. "Even if I'd known how this would end up, I would've done everything the same. I want you safe. That will never change."

With a tight swallow, she nodded. "You're such a good man, Trey."

"Not good enough," he shot back. "Or you wouldn't be halfway out the door."

Lashes glistening, she stared down at her desk. "You hate me, and I don't blame you. I should've told you about my plans-"

"Yeah, you should have." He tamped down a surge of anger. "But I don't hate you, Devon. I can't." Because I love you. "Because if there's any chance you'll change your mind, I still want you in my life."

Torment and a wishful glimmer swirled in her eyes when she looked up at him. "You aren't the reason I considered leaving. This career opportunity offered me the job of my dreams, a chance I'd been looking for long before we got involved. I thought if we just enjoyed each other for little while before I left, I could stay detached. Then you swept me off my feet. Made me rethink everything. You gave me a reason to stay, and suddenly what had seemed so clear two weeks ago stopped making sense."

Hope surged in his chest. Until remorse settled on her face.

"But I knew from the start we couldn't be together. Family is everything to you. The addition you're putting on your house has six bedrooms that I can't help you fill. No matter how much I wish I could."

His throat tightened. Why couldn't she see how much he needed her? "That's not a deal-breaker for me, Devon."

"It will be. Eventually." The anguish in her eyes slashed his heart. "Maybe not now, or next month, or next year. But if we stayed together, there would come a time when you want what I can never give you. You're meant to be a family man. You deserve so much, everything you've always wanted."

He wished he could deny the threads of truth in her statement.

"We want different things, we have different passions. I need to follow mine as much as you need to follow yours." Dampness seeped to the outer corners of her eyes, and she shook her head. "I don't see how we'd ever make it work and find the happiness we both deserve."

Why did she have to be so damn logical? He didn't care that she might be right. Those facts were cold comfort, when all he wanted was to wake up next to her warm, beautiful presence every morning for the rest of his life. "I don't want you to leave."

"I don't want to go, either, but I have to. I may never have this chance again. My work is my life, my devotion. Family is yours."

"So you won't consider any other option." There had be other options, right? "Adoption or foster kids or-"

"Trey, stop. Please." Her fingers trembled as she wiped a tear from her cheek. He wanted to wrap her in his arms even though her words crushed him. "I've accepted my reality. I have my work, and that's all I've ever needed."

Then she didn't want kids. At all. Ever. And he couldn't let go of the instinctive, powerful desire to hear a baby crying in the middle of the night. Or little bare feet padding across his floors. Or the creak of a swing set in the backyard. Or the soft murmurs of his wife reading bedtime stories. Or laughter during family vacations.

The fatigue of loss crept into his bones and left his heart hanging like dead weight in his chest. He was in love with a woman he couldn't have and wanted dreams with her that would never come true.

His tongue felt thick in his mouth, and he couldn't form words. He stood frozen as she moved around her desk and walked up to him, holding out her hand.

Cupped in her palm lay the sparkling necklace he'd given her on the night of their official first date. "You should take this back."

Anger exploded like fireworks behind his eyes. "Don't insult me," he snarled.

"But I can't accept-"

"It was a gift." His words cut her off sharply. "What would I do with it? Give it to my next girlfriend so every time she wears it, I think of you?"

She flinched.

His heart hammered against his ribs and he couldn't stand to be in this room another second, miserable and pissed off and missing the hell out of her even though she was right in front of him. "Good luck," he bit out. "I hope your new job keeps you warm at night."

Slamming the door on his way out, he knew he'd been an asshole just now, his bitter words unnecessary. But he'd surpassed the tolerable limit of agony, and he didn't want her to see that she'd nearly brought him to his knees.

When he returned to his office, he snapped off his monitor and left. He didn't even bother canceling his last meeting of the day.

Screw work.

He craved a physical outlet for his pent-up frustration before he imploded. And he knew exactly where to go and who he needed to accomplish that.

*

When Devon left the Realtor's office that night, she should've been pleased. According to the initial numbers, she stood to make a nice profit on the sale of her townhouse. Instead, the only pleasure she wanted was to lie in Trey's arms, lost in sensation and passion as he made love to her.

But that would never happen again.

Sick inside, missing him terribly, she picked up Peanut from doggie daycare and headed to her house that would be on the market soon. Even though she hadn't officially signed an agreement with the Realtor yet.

Something had stopped her. A nagging, insistent pull in her gut that she shouldn't close the door on her life in Denver. Not yet. Despite the fact that she'd agreed to an interview with the CEO of Developer's Muse tomorrow night, and that she believed they'd hire her as a contractor.

Was her career really more important than the chance to love someone, and be loved, for a lifetime?

Trey's last words rang in her ears and coiled in her chest. I hope your job keeps you warm at night. She'd waited her whole life to find a job opportunity this inspiring, but he'd made her feel shallow, heartless and self-absorbed.

He didn't understand how hard it had been, how many years it had taken, for her to finally accept her fate and look to work as her source of lasting fulfillment.

Rejecting the possibility, she'd taken motherhood off the table. Too afraid to fall in love with another man who'd change his mind and find someone else to give him a family.

Because of the heartache and then her determination to succeed in other areas of her life, she'd never given a thought to adoption. Especially since her mother had endured the struggles of raising a child alone. She'd never considered that a man would support her and stay with her, even though she couldn't give him babies.

Trying to imagine her future with children seemed so foreign.

Would she even be good at being a mom?

The thought was overwhelming. But deep down, a spark of interest lit a candle of hope. A faint light of possibility in the darkness of doubt.

*

Rain hadn't been in the weather forecast.

Trey paused to stare up at the gray clouds through the hole in his roof, while droplets splashed his face. The moisture mingled with the sweat, trickling down his forehead, stinging his eyes.

After leaving work yesterday, he'd dropped by John Paxton's construction site and made two requests: a sledge hammer and commercial-grade work gloves. In exchange for those, he'd told John that the crew could knock a week off the timeline for his renovation. Because he planned to complete the demolition himself.

Since then, he'd attacked drywall with a vengeance, tearing into the ugly wallpaper until every scrap lay on the orange carpet. During his one-man mission of destruction, he'd accidentally blown out a load-bearing wall, and part of house started to cave, creating the hole in his roof. He didn't care. This entire half of his house was going anyway, to make room for his two-story, six-bedroom addition.

Six bedrooms. For what? he thought sarcastically. The only family who'd reside there might be his brother and cousins and the occasional guest. Not that he wanted the guys to move in with him, but after a drunken binge they'd each have their own room to crash in. Fucking fantastic.

Even though he'd been going at this for fourteen hours working through the night, and his muscles screamed for a break, fresh frustration refueled him with a burst of energy. Good thing he lived on several acres, miles from the nearest neighbor. Considering all the noise he'd made, he probably would have been cited for a nuisance violation. Didn't matter. He would've paid the damn fine, told his neighbors to go to hell, and continued.

The only way he knew how to deal with the emotional wreckage inside him was to slaughter bad decorating and leave drywall carnage in his wake.

As the rain turned from a few drops to a steady mist, he heard car tires squeal on the road and then gravel crunched in his driveway. Not in the mood for visitors, he scowled.

The car's finely tuned engine revved, whirred then fell silent. A door slammed. He glanced out his kitchen window and saw Cade's silver Porsche. Hell.

Dropping the sledge hammer, he peeled off his gloves. He flexed his aching fingers, ignoring the sting of torn flesh on his palms where calluses had ripped open.

His front door opened with a bang, and Cade raced into the foyer, a look of horror on his face. "What the hell? Trey!"

"Yeah, over here."

Cade trampled over layers of dusty broken drywall to enter the living room. "What happened?"

"Devon," he replied. No explanation seemed necessary.

The expression on Cade's features shifted from concern to distress. "Did you guys split?"

Trey's lip curled. "She's splitting. Leaving the state for a new job."

Stunned at first, Cade's eyes gradually softened with sorrow. "When did you find out?"

"Saturday."

"And you didn't tell me?"

Trey scoffed. "What was I going to say? 'Hey, the love of my life told me she can't have kids, but she thinks I should go have a family without her, so she dumped me for a job.'"

"Aww, man." The bleeding-heart compassion pouring from his brother made him grit his teeth. He didn't want Cade's sympathy. He wanted Devon in his life. "That's rough. You okay?"

Trey spread his arms to encompass the demolition surrounding him. "Great. Couldn't be better. Can't you tell?"

With a heavy sigh, Cade waded through the destruction. He approached and gripped Trey's shoulder, then dragged him into a bear hug.

The gesture of reassurance and commiseration dislodged the lump in Trey's throat, and he choked on a surge of emotion. Then he shoved his brother away. "Quit that." He blinked hard to contain the moisture in his eyes. "I'm not going to fall apart."

"I can see that," Cade said with a touch of irony as he glanced around and took in the extent of the damage. "We were worried. It's not like you to skip meetings and not show up at work."

"The office is the last place I want to be," he muttered.

"Now it makes sense, but you had me and the boys concerned."

"I'm still alive and kicking. Satisfied?"

Cade shook his head. "Not really. You have half a house and hole in your roof. I'm going to call the guys."

"Why, so my cousins can see me scraping the bottom, messed up over a girl?"

"I know how much she meant to you." Cade's piercing blue eyes sliced through him. His brother understood him better than anyone and recognized that losing Devon had blown a giant hole through his future and his heart. "They'll bring beer-and a tarp to keep out the rain."

Trey weighed his options. "Better tell them to pick up a keg."

Cade grinned. "You got it."

*

Tuesday evening, dusk and rainclouds turned the sky a deep purple as Devon pulled up to the location of her interview. She parallel parked on the street in front of the building, an old warehouse that had been converted to office spaces and loft apartments. Yellow light from streetlamps glistened on the wet pavement.

A stab of remorse pricked her when she stared up at four floors of shadowy windows, questioning whether she should've come. Cancelling the interview had crossed her mind dozens of times over the past twenty four hours. She'd fought with herself, paced the floors of her house, battled confusion and frustration, and finally realized she needed to make a compromise.

Her fierce independent streak had softened around the edges since Trey had kissed her for the first time and she'd accidentally fallen for him. But was it an accident? Could fate have brought her the one man who could tear down her walls and give her a glimpse of a beautiful, passionate future she'd never considered until him?

After Dan left her at the altar, she'd pictured herself alone yet completely satisfied with her life choices. There was so much freedom to enjoy without a husband or family. She came and went as she pleased, took lovers as it suited her, and answered to no one. She could stow Peanut at a kennel and take off for a tropical island in a heartbeat. No one cared if she stayed up all night gaming online or slept until noon on the weekends.

But therein lay the compromise-or sacrifice. No one cared. Sure, she had friends, Allison and Logan, the regulars from Jake's Bar, and her coworkers. However, they couldn't brighten her day with a phone call, or excite with her a caress, or wake her with a kiss and a smile every morning.

Only Trey could do that. He cared about her, and she truly believed he'd do anything for her. Maybe even give up children to keep her in his life. He was so special and dear to her heart. So generous, kind, thoughtful. Unafraid to put his heart on the line and take a chance at love.

Images of Phoenix faded like a mirage in the desert. That's all it had been, a superficial fantasy. Not the warm, enduring, profound happiness she experienced with Trey.

He'd told her yesterday that if she stayed, he wanted her in his life. She may have a lot of convincing to do, to prove herself to him after shredding his trust and stomping on his emotions because she was scared to open her heart completely.

Deep inside, she'd already decided to make the sacrifice. If he gave her time to grow accustomed to the idea of becoming a mother, she believed the compromise of freedom for love and family would be worth it.

Gripping the handle of her briefcase containing her resume and work samples inside, she paused on the sidewalk. If she'd decided to turn down the offer, why was she bothering to show up for this interview?

An escape hatch. In case Trey refuses you because you gave him too little too late. Her conscience cringed at the truth.

After all these years, she still needed to save face, even to herself. An old pattern of self-preservation to relieve the devastation of rejection. The rejection from her father, from Dan, even from Allison's ex-husband who'd used her and abused her attempt at trust.

I trust Trey, she assured herself. And if she wanted to claim the future he'd offered with his heart in his hands, she needed to leave the past and her fears behind.

Which would start by refusing this job offer.

"You're Devon Leigh." The voice startled her. A figure walked out of the shadows cast by the striped awning of the building's entrance. "Carl, from Developer's Muse. It's a pleasure to finally meet you face to face."

On first impressions, Carl Wells struck her as young, in his mid-twenties. Impressive, considering his status as CEO of a company. Though that shouldn't surprise her, since tech start-ups sprouted up practically every day with fresh-faced developers at the helm. He wore dark jeans and black cap toe oxfords, but paired them with a flamboyant purple velvet jacket that could've come from a costume rack in an actor's studio. Straight black hair tucked behind his ears. Strangely, his gray eyes seemed familiar.

But that's not what set her nerves on edge. His smile held a twist of mockery. As if he walked around believing he was smarter and better than everyone else.

Instantly disliking him, she took a step back. He flicked his cigarette into the gutter and exhaled a stream of smoke. Typically, she appreciated the smell, even though she'd weaned herself from the habit. Instead, she wrinkled her nose at the stench, turned off by the smoky cloud veiling his face.

"Listen, I hate to do this," she admitted, "but I've recently shifted my priorities. I realized I need to remain in my current job until the project I'm working on is complete." Which could take as long as she wanted, now that she intended to stay in Denver.

"That's a shame." Other than a faint line that marked his forehead, he seemed unaffected by her statement. No hint of surprise or even annoyance. Was he that arrogant or did he simply not care? "I had high hopes for you."

"I know, and I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before. There's been...a recent development, and I decided to stay here."

"Before you make your final decision to reject my offer," he suggested with an intense gaze, "I'd like to show you what I've been working on over the past five months. I've put a lot of time into it, and I'd appreciate your opinion."

Against her better judgment, she agreed. She reminded herself she'd looked up his company's website, which confirmed his credentials. Since he'd traveled all this way for nothing, guilt and a touch of curiosity made her follow him into the building.

As he led her up the cement stairs, flanked by pipe railings, he said, "I borrowed the loft unit from a guy I know in town. He let me use it for this interview."

At the end of the fourth floor hallway, he unlocked the industrial steel door and invited her inside. Her heels clicked on the poured concrete flooring. No rugs softened the sharp echoes of their footsteps. The one-room open concept loft appeared lived in, supporting his claim of borrowing it from a friend, though the furnishings were sparse. A futon bed lay unfolded on a raised platform in the corner, surrounded by the same railings as the cement staircase. A row of cabinets and stainless steel appliances carved out a basic kitchen from the space. Blackout curtains draped over high glass block windows. Instead of a couch or chairs in the center of the living room, the only furnishing was a sleek, ultra-contemporary glass desk with two laptops, four monitors and a keyboard spread across the surface.

The lock latched behind her, and a shiver washed over her skin. She chose to remain near the door as he strolled to the computer station.

"I hope you'll be impressed with what I've done." His smarmy grin irritated her. She decided to inspect his program so she could punch holes through it and take his ego down a notch. "Please, have a look. It's really something."

The aluminum case in her hand bumped against her thigh as she took a few hesitant steps forward. Keeping the desk between them, she flicked an uneasy glance at his face, which was illuminated by the glow of four screens. Then she turned the laptop around to see what made him so obnoxiously triumphant.

A list of names and geographic coordinates filled the screen. Baffled, she pressed the down arrow and the screen scrolled through thousands, maybe even tens of thousands, of names and phone numbers and addresses. She couldn't understand what he was showing her until her eyes latched onto the name of a famous Hollywood celebrity. One she recognized from work.

Oh, God. Soren Security Bodyguard's client list. She asked, "Is this what I think it is?"

His lips twisted with a smirk. "You can get back at him for using you, hurting you. Trey Soren doesn't deserve you, Devon. And Adam treated you like shit. With one keystroke, you can ruin their lives."

Recoiling, she staggered back. "Who are you?"

His mouth flattened to a stern line. "I guess I'm a better actor than I thought. At first it was a game, you know, like the ones you want to develop? I created my own character, with an entire made up history. I worked at it for months before I was hired and finally had a chance to get close to you."

Those expectant gray eyes haunted her memory, but she struggled to match the eyes with a face.

With an irritated huff, he reached for a black bag on the floor. He let go and it hit the glass desk with a thunk. From it, he withdrew a gross set of crooked teeth, a scruffy light brown wig and a pair of glasses. She knew that mop of scraggly hair...those glasses...

"Zander." The room swayed and her vision clouded at the edges. She blinked, breathing deep to keep from passing out.

"Alexander." Then he withdrew a gun and the sack went limp along with her bones. Was he going to threaten her with physical harm? She clenched her hands to stop them from trembling.

"For our interview tonight, I took the names of your favorite science fiction authors and combined them. Carl, for Carl Sagan, and Wells, for H.G. Wells." His smile turned shy for a moment, and she questioned whether he was a psychopath or suffered from an extreme case of bipolar disorder. Or both. "I knew you'd appreciate my attention to detail."

"Your attention to... God, Zander, what's going on?"

"Alexander. Call me by my real name," he demanded.

"Okay, Alexander." Hot and cold flashes of anxiety distracted her from fully grasping what was happening. "But I looked up Developer's Muse website. It seemed legit."

"Sure it did," he said smugly. "Aside from creating apps, I've been making websites on the side for years." His eyes glistened with pleasure. "Was it the mission statement that sold you? I worked for a week on it, revising until it was just right for you."

She staved off the bile rising in her throat. "Why would you do this?"

He straightened as if preparing to defend an argument in court. "At DEFCON, we were equals. And on the forums you praised my work. You get me. You're the only one who does. I wasn't about to give that up because your new job stole all your time."

Betrayal sank its teeth into her chest. "I trusted you. I was training you to be my replacement."

"I know." In the eerie light of the monitors, a wild-eyed expression took over his face. "You think I didn't see what was going on? The job in Phoenix, your unhappiness, Trey. You needed someone who appreciated you, who saw your genius and respected your dreams. But you didn't see me."

She trembled. "Zander, whatever you think you saw, you don't know me. You don't know my dreams or my past."

"Yes, I do." An offended growl sloughed from his chest. "I've known you for years."

"Years? How could you-" As a terrible realization took hold, her knees threatened to buckle. "Captain Jack."

A sadistic smile twisted his lips, and he nodded. "It's about time." His glance slid up and down her with a look of ownership. "I expected more from you, Devon. But I guess I'm more impressive than I thought."

Her mind still struggled to connect the pieces of his distorted identity. "Allen Guthrey interviewed you. He looked into your background and confirmed your sources."

"Allen Guthrey's an idiot. He doesn't know his ass from a hole in the ground." He removed four nondescript cell phones from his sack of freak show aliases. "Easy to verify yourself and give glowing reviews of your work when you're pretending to be your own former bosses."

Marveling in horror, she said, "You really thought this through." Determined to understand his motives, she tried to root the situation in some semblance of reality. "Zander, if you needed a job that badly, I would've hired you. In a heartbeat. Your logic and programming skills are extraordinary."

An unnerving chuckle escaped his lips. "I don't need your pity, or your job, or your boy toy's money. I created an app that made me a millionaire. 'Course, my parents aren't hard up, either. I live in a wing of their mansion in California. Not that they even noticed I've been gone." He scowled. "It was never about the money."

"Then, what?"

"Working for you has been fun. Eye-opening, really." His expression intensified until his eyes became a ghostly pale-gray drill demanding access to her most intimate life. "I got to swim through the rivers of your mind and appreciate your brilliance. It took me three months of working under you before I hacked your code, Devon. You are one of a kind. Truly remarkable. Trey, the oaf, should've seen that, before he used you and threw you away like a cheap whore."

"Stop it," she insisted. "He's a good man."

"I don't care about him anymore. From now on, I'm going to take care of you and show you the respect you deserve."

Immediately defensive, she gestured to the laptop. "If you don't care, then why are you planning to destroy his company by leaking his clients' personal information?"

"For you. Don't you see? That's the perfect way to get back at him. He gave you false hope, but I want to give you everything you've ever dreamed of."

His bizarre rationalizations struck alarm into her veins. "If you hacked into our network and stole private company information, you'll go to prison."

He spread his arms and then slapped his thighs. "My parents own a goddamn island off the coast of Australia. We'll go there. I have a plane chartered at a private airstrip twenty miles from here. No one ever has to know. We can disappear." He snapped his fingers. "Just like that."

Clearly, he was high on delusions of grandeur. She shot him a severe look. "The authorities will figure it out, Zander. Even put together, our hacking skills are not indestructible, or untraceable."

"Alexander," he thundered. "And you're wrong. Don't you see all the things we could do together?" He crossed his arms tightly like a petulant child. "Maybe not. I knew you were a match for me years ago, but when I started working with you, everything became so clear. We'll create programs and develop code the tech sphere never dreamed of making." A deep and internal pain surfaced, crumpling his features. "Don't you want the world to bow to your genius?"

Finally, she zeroed in on his motivation. The tension in her body, preparing for a fight-or-flight response, eased a fraction. She'd found the thing she could appeal to and manipulate to free herself from his grasp, and his gun, to avoid abduction. Because from the sound of it, that's what he planned to do-hold her against her will at gunpoint until she agreed to his terms.

Like hell I will, you pathetic, egotistical, spoiled brat.

Calming herself, she reassessed the situation. He wanted her to do something to set his information leak in motion. That's where she'd start. "I didn't realize you understood what I needed, Alexander," she murmured, injecting seduction into her voice. "Why didn't you tell me before?"

"You didn't want to hear it," he grumbled. Then he narrowed his eyes suspiciously. "What took you so long to figure it out?"

She knew Zander was incredibly smart. A bait-and-switch tactic wouldn't work with him. She needed to lead him to her own "false" suggestions subtly. "I didn't think you wanted me that way."

His snarky grin returned. "Well, now you know. To stick it to Trey, all you need to do is enter your password for Soren Security and hit Enter."

"I'd like that," she lied. "As soon as he found out I couldn't have children, he threw me aside. But you wouldn't, right, Alexander?"

"You know I won't." He practically salivated as she came around the desk and approached him, turning the laptop around to face them both. Which put her closer to the gun. "We're meant to be together. You and me, we'll bring the world to its knees."

Although the creepy slither in his voice made her shudder, she said, "Yes. We'll make them bend over and take it. After the way Trey trashed me, not to mention that bastard, Adam."

"I have to plug in my pass key to enter my code." She dipped her hand into her purse and withdrew the SOS thumb drive Adam had given her when he'd claimed an emergency signal would launch to all the heads of security, including him, and, more importantly, Trey. She inserted the thumb drive into the slot. "This should come up any second."

As she plugged the thumb drive into the USB port of his laptop, she prayed the SOS signal executed immediately. Regardless, she wouldn't let him destroy Trey's company. If she had to rip out his Wi-Fi card and grind it in the garbage disposal, she would. Even if it meant losing the SOS signal.

Otherwise, she'd have to come up with an alternate plan of escape that might involve her getting shot, or even killed.

*

While Cade, Adam and Liam rehashed stories about their former bad lovers and breakups over the years-from the amusing to the appalling-Trey sipped his beer with zero enthusiasm. He didn't want to get drunk. He just felt like crap, and no amount of alcohol would cure that.

Though he laughed, frowned or nodded on cue, his gaze kept wandering around his living room, seeing ghosts of the dreams he'd envisioned playing out in this home.

At one point, Devon had told him she'd prefer swimming with piranhas over going camping. So he'd revamped his initial thoughts about his fireplace. Instead, he'd opted for a giant slate fixture that looked like it had come out of a quarry, with a wide hearth that anchored his living room. That way, they could still sit around a fire and roast marshmallows and make s'mores without fending off mosquitoes. He'd also considered the excellent layout of Logan and Allison's first floor space, realizing how the open concept lent itself to a better family flow. He could be making a fire in the hearth or playing with Peanut while Devon cooked or set the dining room table for a big sit-down dinner, and she'd always be within view.

Since the future bedrooms would be situated in a two-story structure over his garage, he'd thought about keeping the current three bedroom layout of his ranch, dedicating two of the lower level bedrooms as home offices. Plenty of space for her to set up her elaborate computer station.

Looking past the drywall-dust-covered shag carpet and the half-wall of spindles blocking the cramped kitchen, he saw his current place overlaid with John's architecture plans, transforming his house into something great and beautiful. And he saw Devon in every room, in every part of those plans. He failed at any attempt to exclude her from the visions of his future.

As long as she was here, did he really have to fill his house with kids? That had always been his expectation, but who was he to put parameters around the term "family?" He thought back to what Devon had said the night they went into the mountains to gaze at the stars. "You don't get to choose your family, Trey." All this time, he'd kept a list in his mind like boxes he could check off on a form. When the checks lined up and met his criteria, he'd find happiness.

Except, life rarely went according to plan. Losing his dad the same week he broke up with Jenna had cemented that truth.

Maybe he needed to ditch the checkboxes. Maybe the life with Devon that would make him so happy required flexibility and compromise. Even sacrificing some dreams to fulfill others. To find completion with the woman he loved, instead of waiting for some made-up ideal that might never materialize.

"Earth to Trey." Adam's voice penetrated his thoughts.

Liam with his spot on pitch sang lyrics to a David Bowie song, "'Ground Control to Major Tom...'"

Trey blinked and glanced at the guys, who stared at him with varying expressions of investment on their faces. "What?"

"We didn't stage an intervention to come here and be ignored," Adam groused, sending his elbow into Trey's ribs.

"Then you should've brought a keg instead of two six-packs," Trey retorted. Two beers apiece barely made for a drunken night in. Realizing the beer he held had gone warm in his grip, he tossed the half-empty bottle into the trash. "Look, I know what you're trying to do, and I appreciate it. But talking about your breakups isn't helping."

"I told you we should've changed the subject," Cade muttered.

Suddenly, Adam's phone buzzed with a strange ring tone. Followed by Cade's phone, Liam's phone, and his own. "What the...?" He lifted cell.

Devon's number.

He shot to his feet. "This is Devon."

"Shit, that's the signal." Adam stood, too. "The prototype me and Allen Guthrey made is supposed to send an SOS to all of us, if one of our clients is in an emergency."

"You gave this to Devon?" Trey asked, shocked but grateful.

"Yeah. Didn't expect her to use it, but I told her you'd want her to have it, just in case."

Trey launched himself at Adam, throwing his arms around him the way he and Cade had embraced earlier. "You are awesome."

Reacting as expected, Adam shoved him off and started for the front door. "Damn, dude. Let's go get your girl."

"How do we find her location?" Cade questioned, scrolling through the information on his smart phone.

Adam replied, "A text should give us coordinates. See, mine just sent me the GPS location."

Trey snatched the phone out of Adam's hand, ensuring their phones synced, then he handed it back to his cousin. He told Cade, "Let's go."

Adam called after him, "I'll get my guys from the motorcycle club. We'll give you backup."

Though he didn't reply, Trey silently thanked his cousin. He hopped into the Porsche with Cade, who shoved the gear into reverse, peeled out of his driveway, and sped down the road toward Devon.

He hoped to God he wouldn't be too late. If anything happened to her...

Fear twisted his reality and he shut that thought out of his mind. Because if anything happened to her, he'd commit murder. Or die trying.

Cade raced against the clock, though every minute seemed to last an eternity. Worry racked him. He couldn't sit still and, even in a Porsche, Cade couldn't drive fast enough. Through the side mirror, he watched Adam and Liam veer off at an intersection, and he appreciated their run for backup.

Speaking of backup, he called Logan. "Man, something's wrong. It's Devon. She's in danger."

The sound of shuffling came from Logan's end, and then the background noise quieted. "Where are you?"

"Driving downtown with Cade." Veering onto a backstreet to avoid traffic, his brother took the curve sharply. He grabbed the door to steady himself.

"Where is she?"

"Don't know. She sent us an SOS signal and we're following the GPS coordinates."

"What do you need?" Logan asked, his tone tense and focused.

"Police presence, just in case. Do you have a guy on the force you trust? Who won't care if this is a false alarm?"

"Any of them would, but yeah, I've got a good friend who'll give you backup fast. Can you give me a location?"

"Not yet." He leaned forward when he caught sight of Devon's Prius parked outside a converted warehouse. "That's her car," he told Cade.

They changed lanes cutting off a driver. Cade aligned his car with the curb, slammed on his breaks and cut the engine.

"Here's the address." Rattling off the numbers to Logan, he and Cade raced inside. He waited for Logan to confirm and then ended the call.

"Shit. Her signal just died." Trey shook his phone like that would make her beacon reappear on the screen.

Cade stated, "I'll take the bottom two floors, you take the top two."

With a nod, he parted ways with his brother, bolting up the cement staircase. "Devon," he shouted, his voice bouncing off the concrete like a pinball.

Frantically searching the third floor, he pounded on doors and called her name.

A man emerged wearing glasses and scrubs. "What's the matter?" he asked with clinical detachment, like an ER doctor used to calm patients plagued by fear.

"My girl is in this building. She's in trouble. I need to find her," Trey explained.

"I'll check with neighbors," the man said with a slight Indian accent. "But many of these lofts are used as businesses. Not a lot of people here off-hours."

"Thanks," Trey said, darting up to the fourth floor. That information helped, narrowing his door-to-door search to lofts without a company nameplate.

A shriek echoed through the hallway, but got lost in the high ceilings, leaving him directionless. "Devon!"

No response. Dragging his hands through his hair, he didn't know which way to turn.

The sound of a gunshot ricocheted in his skull. He tore down the hall toward the door at the end. He pounded with his fists. "Devon! Are you okay?"

Please, God, let her be okay.

"Trey?" The sweet sound of her voice was muted by the thick steel door blocking him from getting to her.

The doctor arrived a few seconds later with a man in a maintenance uniform. "She's inside," Trey told them.

The maintenance guy produced a giant ring loaded with keys. When he picked out one, Trey grabbed the key, jammed it into the lock and burst through the door.

In the dim light, he saw Devon standing in the center of room, terror stamped on her pale face, a gun shaking in her hand. Her haunted gaze connected with his and he rushed to her side.

Carefully sliding the gun from her stiff fingers, he set it on the counter and grabbed her in his arms. "I didn't mean to shoot him," she said against his chest. "He gave me no choice."

"Shh, it's okay. You're safe." He gripped her tight and stroked her hair, then glanced around trying to piece together what had happened.

A laptop lay open on the floor, its screen cracked. He saw the SOS thumb drive in the USB port and mentally praised Adam for the life-saving invention. A strange collection of items scattered across a glass desk, what looked like a wig, a bizarre set of teeth and a thick pair of glasses. Four cell phones reflected the blue light from the row of monitors. What the hell?

Cade dashed in through the open door. "I heard a gunshot. You guys okay?"

Trey nodded. Then the cloying scent of fresh blood reached his nostrils.

The doctor crouched, inspecting someone lying prone in the shadows. "He's not okay," the doctor said, applying pressure to the shoulder injury of his impromptu patient. "I need to call a bus." He dialed 9-1-1 on his cell.

A pain-filled moan rose up from the floor. Suddenly, red haze clouded Trey's vision. "You son of a bitch," he snarled. And lunged.

Cade caught him, held him back. He fought his brother's grip, crazed with the lust for vengeance. "Let it go, man," Cade said through clenched teeth. "He's down. Damage is done."

Eventually, Cade's logic pierced the angry red film and he stopped fighting. The figure on the floor muttered, "This...is...your fault."

Devon stepped forward, her eyes snapping. "Grow up and take responsibility for once in your life, Zander."

"Who?" Trey demanded, wondering if he'd heard right.

"Zander." As her initial shock seemed to wear off, she glared at the man on the floor. "He's a rich, spoiled brat who thinks everything is a game for his entertainment." Disgust dripped from her tone. "He's Captain Jack. He created a fake identity to weasel onto my team at Soren Security. He's been the source of all our problems."

While Trey wanted to jump on the Zander-bashing bandwagon, he had something to tell her first. Relief filled him that she was all right, and he didn't want another minute to go by without her knowing what she meant to him.

"Not all our problems." He returned to her side and ushered her out of Zander's presence and into the hallway. "The one I created, I need to solve. Right now."

Clasping an arm around her waist, he pulled her against him. Her soothing scent of peppermint and peaches calmed him. He cupped her face and lifted her chin until her nervous gaze met his.

"Devon, all I want is you. As you are. If you don't see kids in your future, then neither do I. If it's just the two of us, that's okay. Two still make a family. You're part of me, and I can't lose you."

Tears filled her eyes. "I declined the job offer in Phoenix. I'm staying."

"Good," he said, choking up.

She traced his jaw with her fingertips. "I want to be a family with you, Trey. I love you. And if kids would make you happy, then that's what I want, too."

Her words wrapped around his heart, healing the brokenness inside him. He held her close. "I love you, Devon. More than life."

Lost in a thick cloud of emotion, he barely noticed people filling the room in the periphery of his vision. The doctor handled the ambulance paramedics and left with them as they took Zander out on a stretcher. The verdict was the kid would be fine, and Devon had only inflicted a surface wound to his shoulder. A police officer, presumably Logan's contact, cuffed Zander to the stretcher and read him his rights. As the emergency responders filed out, Liam and Adam rushed in with their biker friends who looked ready to kick ass and wipe the floor with their rival, so Cade filled them in on what happened.

Adam came over and hugged both him and Devon. "Everything good?"

She sniffed and nodded. "You can be proud now. Your SOS signal saved someone's life."

Adam smiled. "That is good news."

"Better than good," Trey said. "Devon's part of the family now."

"Glad to have you on our team, Dev." Confirming his words, Adam gently squeezed her arm.

"I love this family." A tear tracked down her cheek, and Trey smoothed it away with his thumb.

"We love you, too." Cade approached them. "Let's get out of this hole, give our statements to the police, and call it a night."

"Cade always was the smart one," Liam noted, tucking his hair behind his ears. "We'll meet you at the station."

The cousins left with their biker crew. Devon hugged Trey's waist until he could barely breathe. "I'm not going anywhere," he vowed. "You are my world."

That world finally made sense. The pieces all clicked into place. She was the love of his life, his family, his future. The other half of his heart that made him whole.

And he couldn't wait to begin the rest of their lives together.

"Marry me."

She gave a watery laugh. "What?"

"Marry me. Be my wife. Let me love you and make a family with you, whatever that looks like. Even if it's just the two of us."

"Yes," she whispered. Her eyes shone with love. Not a trace of uncertainty or fear lingered in her gaze.

Finally, she trusted him with her heart and her future. He swore he would never let her down.

Capturing her lips, he poured that promise into his kiss. Tasting her, treasuring her. His love. His future. His forever.

Epilogue

At the back of the room in a small alcove, Devon nervously twisted her engagement ring around her left finger. The scent of lilies and organ music filled the air, and an old anxiety flared in her chest.

Stealing a quick glance around the corner, she grinned and her nerves calmed a little. The preacher stood on a raised platform at the front. His slicked-back bouffant hairstyle, sunglasses, wingtip collar and flared white bellbottoms offered the comic relief she needed.

She was about to be married in Las Vegas by Elvis.

Clapping her hand over her mouth, she stifled a giggle of amusement and ducked back out of sight. Her mother would've appreciated the irreverence of having The King perform Devon's second wedding. Elvis, after all, had been Mom's idol.

When Trey had suggested ditching a big formal ceremony in favor of getting hitched with a quick, no frills event, she'd adored the idea. Honestly, she'd somewhat dreaded the thought of repeating all the lengthy, stressful planning of her first wedding for a groom who'd never shown. Trey's suggestion had proven how well he knew her and how much he wanted to make her happy by removing any lingering worries or leftover doubts.

They'd spent the past two months overseeing the now complete home renovations, enjoying their well-publicized engagement, and looking at adoption websites. He'd constantly affirmed her attributes that would make her an excellent mother, easing her concerns and getting her excited about bringing a baby into their lives. They'd shared a bottle of wine some evenings, discussing how to create an ideal work and family balance. Trey was a natural at that, and she knew once they adopted a child, he'd be an amazing hands-on dad, a truly equal partner and parent, which made her fall in love with him all over again.

Moisture gathered along her lashes and she clutched her bouquet, filled with anticipation to join their lives together. With the assistance of Elvis, and family and friends as witnesses.

The organ music cranked up loudly, her cue to move to the open archway. When she stepped into view, she saw everyone. Allison and Logan. Cade, Adam and Liam. And Rick and Vivi Dunn. Everyone but Trey.

Panic seized her, and she froze. Where was Trey?

"Hey, gorgeous."

She jumped, and spun around to see him standing in the annex, absolutely stunning in his tuxedo. She breathed a sigh of relief. "Hey, handsome." Then she blinked. "What are you doing back here?"

His dark eyes sparkled. "After what you went through the last time you tried this, do you think I'd let you walk down the aisle alone?"

"But, isn't that backward?"

He snorted. "We're getting married in a Vegas chapel by an Elvis impersonator. I think we can make up our own rules."

"True." Deeply touched by his thoughtfulness and compassion, she looped her arm through his. "How did I get so lucky to find you?"

"I'm the lucky one." He swept her with an appreciative glance, a glow of desire settling in his eyes. "You look beautiful in that dress. Your mother would be proud."

A swell of emotion filled her heart. "I love you."

"I love you, too." He grinned. "Let's go get hitched, so I can call you my wife and love you for the rest of my life."

"Good plan," she said, smiling all the way to her soul.

Beaming with pride, Trey walked her down the aisle.

Her partner, her lover, her husband.

The man of her dreams...who made all her wishes come true.

