A Vision...

She came as surrender, as my fate...

Renewed, merging with the very depths of my soul.

She touched a part of my heart that no woman had ever touched.

Sienna was all I had ever wanted, what I had dreamt about in such a time when I had thought and believed she would never find out what my true intentions were-the truth that had been hidden in the depths of my heart. She was like I drug-a possession I wanted to hold, to conquer.

When the perfect opportunity had presented itself, I had chased after her like I had never done in my life, giving my all to a woman even though I had no clue if she felt the same way as I did. Her newly broken heart hadn't deterred me. I hadn't pondered for a second or hesitated to capture her as mine. I couldn't stand idly by and be the gentleman she once thought I was. When it came to her, I was all or nothing. The addictive, lust-filled needs I had for her in the very beginning spiraled into something so much more unexpected, something I hadn't fathomed ever happening to me.

Falling madly, deeply, and ceaselessly with abandon was a new emotion for me. Furthermore, even though it came as a surprise, I embraced this newfound yearning I had developed for another being. I needed her to breathe, to signify my life as a whole.

My love had no depth. It was a bottomless pit of overpowering emotion I couldn't control...

And even though I loved her to no end, there was something else I craved, maybe just as much as I wanted the very woman herself. It was a troubling fact, and yet it was something I couldn't ignore. It gnawed at my soul.

Like everything in life, nothing came easy.

Thus, I was chasing Mrs. Knightly.

Pillow Talk

Approximately 6 months ago

"Sienna?" I murmured softly as I kissed her forehead while mindlessly stroking her hair with one hand as I gathered her hand, entwining it with my other.

"Hmm?" she responded, sounding sleepy and exhausted from the rigorous physical exertions that had gone on for about an hour.

I had recently purchased a small island off the West Indies, and it just so happened I needed an exotic, secluded place to take my newly wedded bride. This came as a perfect solution.

Shutting my lids, my mind immediately went back about fifteen hours ago, when my ever loving beautiful Sienna had proposed to me. The shock, the immediate rush of blood into my heart, thinking a heart attack was about to seize me before I made her mine, had actually flagged my mind for a second. But then the shock had worn off and it had been replaced by an overwhelming sense of joy and the profound love I had for her.

I still felt raw and couldn't believe that she-Sienna, who I had been chasing for months on end-had finally wanted to marry me. Who would have guessed she was going to end up mine after she'd mercilessly broken my heart by turning me down following my epic disaster of a proposal on the side of the road outside her building-my desperate attempt to make her see I was in love with her?

Beaming like the mad, besotted fool I was, I held her tighter in my arms, feeling quite blessed and content. "Thank you... for surprising me. I don't think I ever told you how much it meant to me. I have never felt such love and affection. It's flowing abundantly."

Her golden eyes met mine before she parted herself from my body and lifted her face to match mine. "It was all for you..." She was smiling, though there was a thin film of tears in her eyes. "After what you did-never thinking about your safety and putting yourself in danger to save me-I could never repay you." Her lip trembled as her eyes sought my depths. "Your love puts mine to shame, Blake."

Our love hadn't been easy. Even from the very beginning, it had been tumultuous and, some might even say, hazardous to one's health. But all the fights and damning struggles we'd fought together were worth everything I had put on the line for my life. From the mind-bending battle with Camilla to Amelia's wrath, Ivanna's stupidity and Adriana's attempts to separate us, it had been a never-ending cycle of destruction. Amidst it all, however, we had prevailed, stronger by the day.

How often had we doubted ourselves? Countless times. Yet, there was depth between us, an unspoken, inexplicable connection that bonded our souls. We were one. A whole. I would give my life every single time my wife was in danger. As for the ones who wished her harm, I'd settle that score myself. I had failed her once, and that fault had cost me greatly. I never would forget that error.

"Your childhood wasn't easy. You were beaten and traumatized, and as the expected result, you carried these emotions to adulthood." Her family was a toxic piece of the puzzle that didn't contribute to her livelihood. Instead, they poisoned her naivete and took pleasure in her suffering. They were monsters. What kind of adult would harm a defenseless child? Only a monster would. "I cannot fault you for something that was out of your hands, though it took me a while to understand, I shouldn't have lashed back when you managed to hurt me. I was a fool, not realizing the profound pain you had buried within you. I promise, I'm going to be a better husband than a boyfriend." My temper was rather horrid. It was like a short circuit, and it detonated when only slightly prompted, but I was a husband now, which brought vast responsibilities. I would try my damned best to cater to our marriage. "I cannot fully avoid not going on business trips, but I assure you, I will lessen my travels as much as I can. And when we do decide to have children, my trips will be much fewer."

"Children, hmmm?"

Yes, children. Although, there was no rush, was there? It had been merely fifteen hours since I'd made her my missus.

"It is entirely up to you. Whatever suits your happiness, poppet."

She remained quiet, almost too quiet for my liking. When she did decide to speak up, what came next was rather unexpected.

"So if I decide to wait for..." she made an ominous pause before continuing, "Let's say five years, you're okay with that?"

"Five years?" That was half a decade. I would be thirty-three, pushing thirty-four. Add another nine months before the baby's born... "Surely you must be joking?"

Was she? I hoped she was, but when I saw her face, that mighty feeling went from small to miniscule.

She arched her brow, giving me a face that brought the axe to any man's hopes.

Bloody hell. Oh, what of it! Surely she might change her mind, hopefully.

"Well, then..." I sighed with a heavy heart, "five years it is, amore."

"You sure?" Her eyes zeroed in on me, noting everything. "You don't look too happy, nor do you sound convincing."

Bugger. Why was she so insistent?

Conceding with a sigh, I captured her pouty lip and kissed her senselessly. "I'm happy, as long as you stay loyal and true to me." Which was quite more important after Kyle Matthews had almost gotten her for the second time. I would never dare forget that hollowed feeling of my gut being ripped apart and fed to the sharks. Seeing her stride into her apartment, wearing his dress shirt, still haunted me. The lacerating cut kept on opening every time I thought of that memory. It was the most painful kind of experience, one I never wanted to feel again.

"I don't know..." she teased. "I smell bullshit in the air." Sienna gave me an amused, doubtful look, holding such love and affection, making me forget about the past in a heartbeat.

Well, this wasn't the time to reveal what my heart desired. "I'm serious." Truth be told, I was content by just being us... for the time.

"So am I, Mr. Knightly," she whispered with a wicked gleam in her golden eyes. "So am I."

Band of Friendships

Approximately eight months later

Blake

"Isn't she just so precious?" Chad asked in wonderment while his eyes filled with unconditional love for his new daughter, Belle. He was becoming sappy by the day, but I supposed this was normal to any relatively new fathers.

Eyeing Belle with a warm smile, I felt the longing in my gut. "Yes, she truly is beautiful. Precious in every way."

It was heartwarming to see Chad's joyous smiles without a bit of sadness in his eyes. Marrying Luke had cemented his happiness, and Belle simply had completed him. The once broken and fragile man was truly alive and living his life, filled with an abundance of love and support from friends.

Sienna and Lucy were in the kitchen, preparing for dinner while Chad, Toby, and I were in the living room. We were supposed to be discussing business, but somehow, the conversation seemed to have travelled from branching business endeavors to babies and how they changed a man.

Toby was still mourning the loss of his baby, and I couldn't blame him that he remained distant from Belle. Not once had he offered to hold her. It was worrisome, but Lucy insisted he was dealing with it in his own way. I couldn't even fathom how deep the pain was. If I ever lost my baby, especially if it was as tragic and traumatizing as what he'd gone through, I wasn't sure I could cope from the loss. My best friend was happy and married to the woman he had longed for. I only hoped the scars Amelia had left hopefully didn't burden him still.

We were all married, loved, and I couldn't be any more complete.

~

"I want to take Luce for a honeymoon, but work's been hectic, and I couldn't take time off until three months from now."

"Have you spoken to her about it?" Toby, from our previous talks, had already berated himself for not following the usual marriage formula. I would be, too, if I were in his shoes. He did, after all, chase after Lucy for well over a year, and in that same amount of time, he not only managed to get an ex-lover of mine pregnant, but he had also married her, to his own devastation. To top off the catastrophic events, Amelia had driven herself off a cliff to kill herself and, ultimately, the child she'd carried, days after passing. Through all those monumental events, Lucy had shifted and decided to fight for him. It was a miracle they had survived such painful ordeals, and I was glad they had come through it a much stronger couple in the end.

He shrugged, seeming torn. "Yeah. She says it isn't all that important, but it is to me." He tried to justify his reasoning. "I have wronged her, and I'm trying to make amends."

"She loves you, and you've already paid your dues, my friend." The first time he'd brought this up, I had actually offered my services to take over for the time being until they got back from said honeymoon, but the man was adamant about running his own business without anyone's interference. I had kept the option open, though, for whenever he felt spontaneous and got off this hell-bent ride of trying to make a point to his family by building his own empire.

The man was gifted, and I had no doubt in my mind he would eventually get to that destination. However, a part of me wished he'd slack a little so he could give in to his heart and take his bride off somewhere far away and quiet, where they could find peace and settle whatever dust needed settling. Despite my wishes, it was up to my friend.

"My offer still stands; just let me know. I'm always here to help you out, whenever possible."

"I might take you up on that offer, Knightly. Just give me time. I will take my Luce out of the country very soon."

After my talk with Toby in the library, Chad, the baby, and Luke decided to leave first, then Toby and Lucy came next. It was an intimate gathering with our friends and was only the second we had held since two months ago. We were all busy and had hectic schedules, but we made it a ritual we'd all agreed upon, setting aside a certain time to keep our little unit of friendships thriving.

Obliterating the rest of my whiskey in one, long gulp, I then made my way out of the library in search of my wife, finding her in the kitchen, rinsing dishes before putting them in the dishwasher. She was dressed in her four-inch pumps, a million pounds worth of diamonds hanging off her ears, a simple, and black modest dress, but put it on Sienna's body and all modesty went out of the window. She was my little, sophisticated and domesticated wife. She'd made it an objective to be the perfect wife, though I thought she already exceeded the word in all aspects imaginable. Our dogs, Santini and Cookie slept a feet away from her, guarding their mommy.

I silently observed her softly humming a tune with her hips slowly moving according to the beat. The soft, steady sound of gushing water made the little sounds of smile and laughter undetected. Sienna truly was one of a kind. Even from behind, the woman evoked absolute, unadulterated, raw sex appeal-a thirst that was hard to quench, even if I drowned myself in her on a daily basis.

As I came towards her from behind, she almost jumped when I wrapped my arms around her hips. "Well, hello there, amore," I whispered into her ear.

"Blake," she groaned before sighing with a moan. "I'm washing dishes..."

Nipping her lobe, I pushed my hardened state in between her warm bottom. "I know... you're..." I grunted out, feeling the first signs of euphoria as I felt my control slowly slipping away. "...washing dishes." I finished the sentence just as I was about to lose it.

"Caro..." she moaned, knowing quite well that her body was responding to its master.

With her parted legs, it was easy for my hand to slip up the dress and seek her delicious warmth, prepped and quite ready for my invasion. Groaning, I lowered my zipper down just as my middle finger slid into her tight channel.

"You know how it drives me mad when you speak to me in Italian, mi amore."

"Baby," she gasped, breathless from my relentless onslaught, "can it wait?"

Wait? Was she mad? "I've been gone for a week, Sienna. One whole fucking week of dreaming about your beautiful, greedy cunt, and now that I have you all to myself, you want me to wait?"

I had been in Brazil, finalizing a takeover that would be a new asset to Knightly Industries. We were tapping into natural resources from gas to palm oil. But I was adamant about deforestation, and once this takeover was finalized, the Amazonian trees would be off limits. It was one of the main things I wanted to focus on. Brazil was a massive archipelago, and though the Amazon provided a lot of resources, I'd rather not mess with Mother Nature that way. Besides, there was nothing beneficial in being greedy. If the board wanted palm oil, then we'd plant our own, though it would take decades to harvest. Somehow, I had yet to solve that.

Back to my lovely woman, even though she was protesting against my ministrations, she sure as hell didn't move to stop me from touching her intimately.

"Did you miss me, cara?"

"Yes-" she hissed, frustrated. "You know I do. I always miss you."

Seeing that she was more worked up than I was, I slowed down my pace, wanting to drive her a little bonkers. I'd give her two minutes before she would bring down the wrath of her sexual frustration. Because she always did.

"Have you been naughty while I was gone?"

"Wait. Why did you stop touching me?" she groaned before spinning around to face me, eyes sparking with fire, ready to wage war.

That was my Sienna. She couldn't hold it together any better than I could. We were addicted to each other. It was a sickness, just as it was a blessing. It was nonsensical madness, and yet we couldn't stop it. We thrived on it, pushing each other's buttons until we surrendered to its wickedness.

"Are you playing games with me again? I told you to wait! And now you're fucking with my body. I hate it when you do that!"

Bloody hell, she was truly riled up and quite ravishingly sexy too.

"I wanted to see if you were still as aroused as you seemed earlier." I referred to the time before everyone arrived earlier, when I had walked in literally ten minutes prior, straight from the airport, and had to dash in the bathroom for a quick shower where she'd walked in on me naked. Her eyes had roamed over me, greedy and territorial, but before she could do anything about it, the doorbell had rung, indicating our guests had already arrived.

Her expression right now was simply comical. I ended up smirking, which in turn brought out more anger from her.

"You think this is hilarious, don't you?" she spat as she pushed her finger into my chest. "I get it," she murmured, charging as she kept pushing me backward. "You wanted a jolly, good laugh." Her golden eyes were dilated, but she stopped pushing when my back hit the kitchen prep table before she held the tip of my tie and pushed me into a chair then tugged on the tie to bring my face closer to her sexily bent form. She took a pause, admiring me sitting on the chair at her bidding. "Let's ruffle you up a little, shall we, Mr. Knightly?"

Christ Almighty. Was it wrong to be so bloody fucking turned on when my wife dominated me? I was hopelessly hers, forever and bloody ever. Amen.

Anticipating what she had in mind, I sat back and let her do her thing as I felt like the luckiest man in the world. Therefore, when she decided to untie my tie before playfully tying both of my hands behind me, I didn't protest. She then strode to one of the cream drawers and pulled out a black roll of cable wire.

"This should do," she said with satisfaction.

Strolling over towards me as she strung the cable before making another go at securing my tied hands. "There, now we can start."

Well it's about bloody time, my cock has almost died of suffocation and abandonment, I thought haughtily before I felt the hot, stinging slap of her palm. It wasn't hard enough to leave in imprint on my skin, but it was enough to shock me, nonetheless.

"What in God's name was that for?" I gritted out as I met her eyes.

Sienna remained the same, her expression concealing whether the slap was meant to be playful or something else entirely. But then, that was before she folded her arms and took a deep, heated breath, her golden eyes becoming liquid gold, taking over the hints of green and amber. "That was for attending the World Cup and having your photo taken with that socialite."

Fuck, I hadn't realized that had made it to the pages. I should've known it would have eventually made its way into the British press. I should've known, and yet I hadn't thought much of it. The price of this idiocy was, it had made my wife a tad batty.

"It's merely a picture, Sienna. Don't tell me that got your knickers into a twist?" It was meant to tease her obvious, emotional state, but that backfired on me.

She was becoming wretched, emotions getting the best of her. "I'm a jealous woman-we both know this-and I hate when other women try to take what's rightfully mine."

I tensed before I looked at her squarely. "If you're implying..."

Sienna audaciously rolled her eyes at me. "I know you're not cheating. Of course, I do, but I just hate the fact that they still try. I warned you about this, and yet you never listen. Why's that? Hmm?" She strutted back and forth, hips distractingly swaying, merely fueling the fire that needed to be unleashed in her cunt while I spitefully stared at her in awe and arousal at the same time I wanted to bloody throttle her beautiful self.

In midstride, she stopped before me, eyes never leaving mine as she slowly unzipped her dress before letting it pool on the floor. She then sidestepped the dress and kicked it to the side, sliding it against the pantry cabinets.

Mio Dio! One whole bloody week, and she was dangling this decadent body of hers without mercy to my rabid cock.

"Sienna-fucking hell-I need you, cara." Pumps, lace bikini underwear, and lace strapless bra was all I could think about as my hungry gaze took in her insatiable body. Her curves were calling out to me, to taste, to nip and bite. Why was she keeping up with this torture, anyway? She was just as ravenous as I was.

My wife, it seemed, had different intentions because she kept on talking, not doing. "So, in my infuriated state, I called your good friend who'd offered me that underwear modeling opportunity the last time we were in Rome. Remember him?" She paused for effect while I felt my heart hammering against my throat. "I think his name was Armani, was it?" She dug the knife in deep, right where it hurt.

My body turned cold. "Untie me-" I demanded harshly as I acutely stared at her. This time, I truly wanted to throttle her until she stopped talking all this nonsense.

She cocked her head to the side, smiling like a cat that got the canary, seeing I was about to lose my marbles. "I'm not done yet."

"You will not flaunt your body, Sienna," I harshly threw back at her. Over my bloody dead fucking body. She wouldn't do it. She was using this to taunt me, and for me to finally listen to her demands. Well, this time, I was truly listening.

Her strutting came to a halt. "You flaunt yourself. Well, why can't I?" her perfectly arched brow mocked me. "Besides, I'd love to see your face when I'm posing next to a hot, male model."

Santo Cielo! But she knew how to make my blood pressure skyrocket to the inevitable.

"Sienna..." I warned, but she was unperturbed.

She gave me an innocent smile. "Yes, Blake?"

This blasted torture would be the end of me. "Poppet, please tell me this is a joke."

Long, thick lashes fanned at me while her soft lips made an adorable pout. "Why? Don't you think I have it in me to pose risque? Don't you remember those stills I had with Troy?"

Those photos were far and beyond indecent. I remembered getting absolutely furious to the point I couldn't control myself, and I ended up fucking her roughly in the office because I needed her to reassure me I was the only man for her. Not Kyle, not Troy, nor any other bloody man that enticed her fancy. The insecurity of that memory brought all the floodgates open.

"You're punishing me," I said as I realized what she was doing.

"How many times have I stretched this out to you? Even if they're only photos, it shows to the rest of the world that you're easily accessible. How many psychotic women do I have to fight to have you as mine?"

"I am yours," I vowed with every fiber in me. "I've always been yours."

"Yet, you never listen to me." She whipped the words back like I'd betrayed her, all the same. "So this is my way of teaching you a lesson." She nodded, as if this was already not up for discussion. "Jealousy triggers the caveman in you. I hope you've learned not to have those insipid hopefuls make you their next target."

My retort was shoved back into my mouth as her mouth came upon me, kissing me like I was her water after her long, exhausting journey in the Sahara. She kissed with her soul, with her heart. She gave whatever she had.

I wanted to take over and have her flat on her back with her luscious legs wrap around my neck, my hips as I initiated what I had been dreaming of doing to her wicked body for the past week. I thought my prayers had gone unanswered when she didn't show any sign of doing much else, but I had miscalculated my conniving wife. Because, while I was getting lost in her cunning lips, her fingers had been quite busy, slowly unzipping my trousers. Thus, when her artfully gifted hand gave my cock a light squeeze over my boxer briefs, the grateful, satisfying sounds I was making were ones of Sienna's brilliantness-they were the sounds of me becoming undone.

Her skilled work put me out of my misery when the tip of my shaft finally touched her delightfully soaked cunt. Then, just as she was slowly pushing down on my length, her eyes sought mine, needing reassurance, giving me a glimpse of the vulnerable woman that was still very much imbedded in the very deep layers of her strength.

"How do you like my pussy, caro?"

"Sublime." Christ, I was far and beyond smitten to my everlasting wicked witch.

"Good, because you're going to endure it until I can't come anymore."

I'd happily be her prisoner. All she had to do was ask.

"Ti amo, Sienna." I barely got the words out before she rode me to Hell then purgatory before sending me to the heavens.

And damn, did she just.

The Morning After Being Used and Abused

Blake

"Good morning," Sienna cheerily whispered into my ear, making me grunt in protest.

"I think you owe me sleep after you exhausted most of my battery last night." Shifting to my other side, I randomly plucked a pillow from somewhere and covered my face with it.

She peeked into the pillow and whispered into my ear, "I have a feeling you might want to hear this. Besides, you've said it yourself, last night was the best welcome back present I have given you to date."

It had been. It had been bloody glorious. I had never felt so restrictedly pleasured in my life. Ergo the culprit of my present problem, that I was in dire need of sleep and sustenance.

"Thirty minutes, amore, per favore," I grumbled, pleading.

"Okay," she said before remaining silent for only a moment. Then she dropped the news without haste. "Kyle is in town. I was hoping we could invite him for dinner."

Well, there went my good bloody morning.

Taking the pillow off my face, I squinted at her. "You think that's a great idea?"

Her face contorted, seeming as if she wanted me to stop hating the bastard. "He did, after all, make that call for you to come and help save me," Sienna pointed out, pointing out the great aspects of the bastard's friendship with her.

That he had. It was the hardest test I had ever encountered. True, I couldn't deny the fact that, maybe if it weren't for him, things would've gone entirely different than they had. But, this was Kyle Matthews we were talking about. The very man himself that had threatened me and should be bloody, fucking, merry grateful he hadn't gotten her pregnant. What a sad bastard.

The thought of sitting through dinner, observing him making sentimental looks towards my wife, would drive me a little mad. Then again, if I said no, Sienna wouldn't let this go. She'd probably hate me for it. After all, didn't they say marriage was about compromise? Did it mean I had to bestow that act for the sake of our harmony as a couple?

Damn. Bloody. Damn.

"I suppose we could. If it makes you happy," I conceded with a heavy heart-emphasis on quite the heavy heart.

The immediate smile that brightened her delighted face made me feel like I had done the right thing in agreeing. "It does. He's my best friend, and I love him dearly."

And there went my bloody mood completely. "Oh, you love him dearly?" I mimicked her words as I lifted myself off the bed, blatantly naked and quite in my emboldened state, even if I was in a foul mood. "Bloody fun-fucking-tastic. Should we toast on it?"

"Stop it. You... you're the love of my life."

"You say that now..." I sounded more accusing because I was a sad, jealous bastard. "He was your first love. He was your 'everything' at one point." My insecurities were truly unbecoming, and still, I couldn't help spilling everything away, making me look like a weakened fool with no control over his emotions. "I hate the fact he has those memories with you. I guess I'm always going to be jealous, no matter what. I just have to learn how to live with that. That's what marriage is all about, is it not?"

"It is." She slid off the bed and strode towards me before she gave me a smile that showed understanding, then she tiptoed and kissed me softly. "Thank you for agreeing, even though you're not completely happy about it. You're the man I chose to marry. You're my husband. Mine and no one else's. It makes me happy that this evoked some old emotions in here." She tapped on my chest before looking at me again. "I thought you had forgotten how much you've wanted me. Shhhh..." She put a finger over my lips to stop me from saying anything. "I was worried, you see, that, after we exchanged our vows, things would change. And, after seeing you around in these events even though I know you're not doing much to get attention, I know women want your... I'm just happy you haven't been tempted to cheat on me, but you can't blame me for feeling threatened. They are, after all, beautiful and gorgeous, and something new. Men tend to like that."

"I'm not like other men."

"I know you're not," she softly said. "That's why I'm thanking you for agreeing to have Kyle over for dinner."

Sighing, I hugged my Sienna, pouring my love over her. She was the most precious thing to me, and I would do anything to keep her safe and smiling. It was my duty to be the better man, to be the better husband. It was best I started making amends with my nemesis.

"We have to do this sometime, so might as well get this over with now. He's a part of your life, too, and I have to accept that."

"I'll invite Toby and Lucy, just in case. You're bound to go bonkers and might try to kill Kyle with a steak knife."

I made a dry laugh. "Cara, you know me too well."

She playfully tapped my chest, giving me the evil eye. "You better not, or you won't get any sex for a whole month."

That truly got my undivided attention. "A whole month?" I asked, aghast at the very idea. "But that's a lifetime-"

"Precisely." She wiggled her brows. "So, if you want me to be a compliant wife, who lets you do whatever you fancy in bed, you better behave."

This wicked woman drove a hard bargain. "Bloody hell..." I pondered before eyeing her again. "But a month?"

"You better believe it."

The Facade of a Ticking Time Bomb

Blake

With the rest of the day to get through before dinner with Kyle Matthews, I spent most of it thinking about the past while I was in meetings or in conferences. I hadn't a clue why, but the thought of Matthews back in town brought out memory lane. I was so consumed by it I didn't hear anyone knock.

"Mr. Knightly, do you have the signed Montano contract?" Luke emerged from the double doors, looking polished and put together on any given day. I doubted I had seen him looking less pristine. He was so unlike Chad, who was rambunctious and lived life to the fullest with a devil may care outlook in life.

Damn, I had work to do, yet my mind was busy rehashing the past.

"If you were Kyle Matthews, how would you feel about me?" I asked, thinking out loud.

His brows furrowed, confused for a moment. "Kyle? Sienna's ex?"

I nodded, waiting for his reply.

He was clearly unsure of how to approach my question. "What made you prompt me to ask this question? Is he back in the picture?" he slightly pried. Since he was technically family by marriage to Chad, I considered him as such. This was me asking his opinion as a friend and not just someone he worked for.

"Sienna invited him for dinner," I provided.

He made a curt nod, pondering the situation before finally responding to my earlier question. "Well, in that case, I'd probably despise you on sight."

Count on Luke to be upfront. "That's warming."

"You did sort of chase after his childhood love," he pointed out ever so clearly.

Matthews had cheated on Sienna and broken things off with her over the phone. What kind of a blasted fool would break a woman's heart through a phone call after they had spent all those childhood years together? It was crass, and I had hated him since then.

"She needed a man, not a boy. Besides, could you blame me for wanting her for myself? I was already in love with her before she even had a clue about it. I pretended to be platonical with her, flaunting my dates to her face almost on a nightly basis, hoping I'd get some sort of reaction; but nothing ever did. It was hard to hide how I truly felt, but when I saw that opening, I went for it and won her over."

"Well, I suppose I could say to brave it out and brace yourself for the inevitable. Besides, knowing Sienna, this would mean the world to her. And that means that you would be a bloody fool to cause any fights just to prove that you're the alpha man. She wants you to make peace. This is a major part of her old life, and she wants to mend that broken cord, joining the past to present and future." He gave me a pointed look, seeming unfinished with his lecture. "This is a test, Knightly, and you better be on your best behavior if you still want that pretty wife of yours to carry on your bloodline."

Bloodline. My children... in five bloody years. Could she at least agree to one before having another with a five year hiatus?

"I suppose you're right." After I said those words, Luke didn't bat an eyelid until he was back to talking business again.

Well, tonight ought to be interesting.

The Test of Limits

Blake

"Need a second helping?" Toby gave me a pointed look as I poured a second round of cognac.

The lad was obviously worried I'd go haywire, although he was worried for good reason. I always had a short fuse when it came to Sienna's past.

"Hell, tonight's a bloody special occasion. When was the last time I saw the blasted chap?" I pretended to ponder a moment before I scowled. "Oh, right, it was when my fist connected to his jaw after he had an all-nighter shagging my wife."

"She wasn't your wife then, nor was she your girlfriend. Seriously, have you forgotten your own shenanigans? You certainly didn't pine over your lost love, either. You went and shagged any woman who sparked your fancy, which, by the way, went on for quite some time, in case you have forgotten those infamous misadventures of Knightly's atrocious spiral out of control bender."

I demolished my second drink. "I was heartbroken, you toff, in case that escaped your notice."

"So was she. It was just unfortunate that you happened to be there when she came home from it. Besides, would you rather it was someone else? He's been there for her in ways you couldn't even fathom. You should be grateful she has him instead of no one at all. There are things that are hard to talk about, and it eats at you, it eats your soul." Toby cleared his throat before giving me a reprimanding look. "Things could be so much worse. Think of Amelia for a second. It was tragic because she had no one to talk to."

Amelia.

I couldn't think of her or even hear her name without feeling a great deal of remorse. I was callous and could've handled her differently, had I not been so selfish with my own designs of happiness that never included her. She had come off as this confident woman who gave it as good as she got and never took anyone's rubbish; therefore, when I proposed a no strings attached relationship I hadn't thought once it could mean more to her than what it really was. After all, at first glance, she reminded me of myself-hungry for power and proving to everyone we would be able to thrive in the business arena. Yet, little did I know, the Spanish beauty was daydreaming about a future with me.

Subsequently, when the time came that I had to cut my ties with her, she simply went off her rocker and went ballistic on me. She tried to hurt everyone I cared about and became successful with her revenge. Even in death, she had left a big, gaping hole in the lives she'd affected. With such fierce vivacity, it was truly tragic how she had taken her life because I couldn't give her what she had craved the most. My love.

Toby was right. Things could've gotten out of hand with Sienna, but with Matthews's guidance and perseverance, she had come out okay. I might even admit she was much stronger this second time around than the first time we had attempted being together. She had always been feisty, provocative to the point of torture, and loved with her entire being. But the second chance we had been handed was something else altogether; everything became heightened ten times over. The feelings and emotions were amplified to the point it was hard to control them. It was either we learned to find a middle ground or we'd sink together. Like I previously mentioned, we were simply nonsensical.

"I'm not about to attack him or anything-far from it. I suppose one of the things that troubles me most was how I always felt threatened by him." My admission was a huge revelation, and one I couldn't fathom admitting at times. I was a prideful man, and the idea of being threatened by a man like Kyle Matthews was comical, yet it was the honest truth. "It's quite hard to see him any differently, but I suppose I better start doing something about that before Sienna starts giving me the evil eye."

"Very well." Toby nodded towards me before he checked the watch on his wrist. "Can we get out of this forsaken library and join our better halves?"

Approximately fifteen minutes later, the guest of honor arrived. Lucy, Sienna, Toby and I were all there in the foyer to greet him, but it was Sienna who eagerly almost ran to him and gave him a huge hug. It only took one look to know that my wife had been missing him immensely. I wasn't sure how I stayed rooted on the spot, however I did; even though every fiber in me screamed in protest, wanting to snatch her away from the man who had the capability of stealing her from me.

"It's lovely to see you again, Kyle," Lucy interrupted Sienna and Kyle's mini reunion before Toby did the same thing.

"I heard about the wedding; congratulations to you both." Kyle shook hands with Toby before his well aware eyes landed on me. "Blake." He nodded in greeting before I inserted both of my hands in my pocket, willing myself to greet him back.

"Kyle," I said without a smile as I looked him squarely in the eye. "Welcome back to London."

Sienna came in between us, smiling before she gave me a you're going to get in trouble if you don't behave kind of glare and ushered Kyle into the house. I was the last one to follow, and all the while, I noted everything about them, wondering how in the world I had gotten in between their bond. Because, from where I was standing, it was obvious these two had more than friendship. It was apparent in the way he gazed at her, his eyes almost caressing with that longing look that gave away his feelings for her.

"Freya said dinner will be ready in about ten minutes," Sienna announced as we all gathered in the living room, lounging with our drinks. She then turned to her best friend, ex-lover slash once almost fiance. "How about I give you a grand tour of the house?" she offered while I was almost sure she was trying to kick me in the groin.

"How about not, Sienna. The man just barely got here, let him unwind and relax." My temper was getting the most of me, yet I couldn't help feeling miserable. Pretending to be noble wasn't a strong suit for me. I was a Neanderthal at best when it came to the woman I loved above all else. Could anyone really blame me?

My suggestion was immediately brushed off by her overly bright smile and eyes ready to commit murder. "Never mind Blake. He promised to behave tonight," she said out loud before she dragged Kyle away to her studio.

"You promised to behave?" Lucy chortled. "My, this ought to be funny. You already look pained as it is. Another hour of this and you'll be on your deathbed."

Was I really that easy to assess? To my friends, well, yes. They had known me when I was at my worst, and when I was at my happiest. Right this moment, however, I wasn't sure which category best suited my emotions.

Toby strode over to join Lucy on the sofa, holding her close. "Give him some credit, love. As you can see, Kyle Matthews is still alive and breathing. He might be able to contain himself. After all, he's trying to prove that he's a good husband to Sienna."

"You two aren't helping at all." Even my friends thought this was amusing. Well, ha bloody ha.

Trying to focus my attention on different matters other than Sienna and Kyle, I pulled out my phone to check for messages, and just when I was about to get engrossed in one, Freya came out of the kitchen and announced that dinner was ready to be served. Graciously thanking her, we all got up and looked about, wondering if Sienna and Kyle were to show up any second now. So when they didn't, the same old inkling settled in the pit of my stomach.

Striding over to the staircase that led over to her studio, I pried my ears open for any indication of what they were up to, but my attempt at eavesdropping was in vain, for there was no sound coming from downstairs.

"Sienna?" I called out. "Sienna?" This time, I yelled a little louder. "Dinner's ready, poppet." They were downstairs, yet the absence of sound could only mean a few things. My mind was leading me to the gutter, and I tried to steer clear of it until I had spoken to my wife.

After waiting for a minute or so, she finally emerged, followed by a somber looking Kyle. Sienna's eyes were red, and it seemed like she had been crying.

"Is something the matter, mi amore?"

She shook her head before giving me a brave smile. She had an air of fragility in her, therefore I didn't press further. Glancing at Kyle, I was a tad taken aback when he looked apologetic.

"I apologize for the wait. We were catching up, and it seems like some stories are harder for Sienna to talk about."

I stilled, knowing quite well which particular story he meant by that-Camilla. I was too bereft to say anything else except nod in his direction before we both followed Sienna, heading towards the formal dining room.

She was wearing a rich colored olive green dress that brought out the beautiful colors of her eyes. As always, she was impeccably gorgeous. My eyes drifted towards her swaying hips, noting that even the way she walked showed a dancer's grace about her. Just in the nick of time, I also found Kyle Matthews's eyes admiring the same thing I had been. I made a low, grumbling sound, hoping he'd get the hint that he shouldn't extend my hospitality to such insult.

I supposed it was a good thing Lucy engaged Kyle with a conversation about his work in the music industry. My friends could be such a pain in my arse, but at times like these, they knew me too well. I appreciated their joint effort in keeping peace, even if the tension between us men was blatantly obvious.

Dinner was served and the chitchat commenced. With my mood quite settled, instead of paying attention and taking part in the discussion they were having about the war going on in Middle East and Eastern European countries, I found myself more consumed by my thoughts than the conversation. I wondered how my own wife couldn't confide in me, or if it was too difficult to speak to me about it, why she hadn't at least mentioned something so we could get someone for her to speak to about what still troubled her. And yet, she had been in tears, talking about it with Kyle. What was I doing wrong that I couldn't even get my own wife to tell me she was still haunted about what had occurred almost a year ago?

Truth be told, when I was away on one of my business trips, I would get dreams about what had transpired in that hospital room. It would appear in my dream, as if it was truly happening, and I would end up yelling for Sienna to run. Every time after I screamed, I'd wake up in a sweat. If she wasn't with me, I worried, but as much as I wanted to protect her with a security team, she insisted she didn't need one unless she left the country.

Could it possibly be because of Gareth? Sienna had trusted him, and in the end, she hadn't seen his betrayal coming from a mile away. His treachery had possibly dug deep, making her wary of the people she surrounded herself with, security detail included.

If she'd let me, I'd do anything in my power to help her through if this was one of the major causes of her troubles. I knew what had occurred had been beyond demoralizing for anyone, however we made a pact that we were going to move on, and I wanted us to be in the same pacing in regards to the future. I was the main reason why these events all had happened to her, to us, in the first place.

I owed it to her to help her exorcise the demons that still haunted her.

My bitterness and jealous emotions seemed pointless when one truly saw the bigger picture. I was more subdued compared to how I had been an hour ago. Besides, I should be grateful that having Kyle here tonight had brought out that information instead of Sienna hiding it from me. She would probably endure all of the demons that hounded her until the end of time. Sienna was stubborn. Still, it was quite apparent we needed to work harder on our marriage.

It was our first year-we were bound to make hundreds, maybe thousands, of mistakes-but as long as we communicated and compromised, we would have a much stronger bond.

After dinner, Lucy and Toby didn't stay long since the two had important business to take care of first thing in the morning. Since Lucy wasn't sure what type of business venture she wanted to get into, she had offered to shadow her husband, to learn more about how to handle business dealings and transactions.

"I better go, too. I'm still jet-lagged," Kyle said out loud, turning to Sienna before he directed me his gaze. "Thanks for having me, Knightly. I appreciate that my relationship with Sienna didn't end because you guys got married. This means a lot."

This was his way of offering me an olive branch, and as much as I wanted to hate the man, I knew that his short vacation here would open Sienna up. Furthermore, in doing so, I hoped she'd bare more of her thoughts and fears. After all, this was her best friend since childhood. They shared some kind of bond that even I couldn't interfere with or penetrate. It was terrible to admit this, even to myself, but it was the truth. Therefore, hopefully, with my acceptance, it would benefit us all-as long as he didn't cross the bloody line and try to steal my wife away. In such an eventuality, this cease-fire would no longer exist.

"It's time to move on. I love my wife, and I'd do anything to make her happy. Having you in her life makes her so much more blissful. I'd do anything to keep it that way. Thanks for coming over, Matthews."

Sienna's hand clasped mine before giving it a quick squeeze. It was her way of saying thank you without telling me so. "I'm stepping to see Kyle out, maybe even speak to him a little bit more, if you don't mind..."

"Go on, you don't need my permission." It took every ounce of me to say it, although I knew it was time. I trusted my wife, so much so that I fought the urge to even go to the window and watch them converse. The old me would've gone rampant from being a jealous prick, but I knew I had to shed that old habit and be a man worthy of her. It was a difficult task, most especially since I kept counting down the seconds that ticked by, yet I'd rather hear it from her instead of spying on her.

Marriage had changed me. Last year, I would have thrown the gauntlet and caused strife between us. Now I realized those childish antics wouldn't solve much of our problems.

Striding back to the living room, I headed straight towards the aperitif cart that held excellent whiskey and cognac. Choosing my favorite choice of cognac, it took three helpings until I heard the door open and shut, before Sienna's footsteps echoed in the foyer.

"Babe?" she called out.

"In here. Just having a nightcap."

I heard her sigh before coming into the room. "Well, that was a success." There was something in her voice that indicated she was quite shocked.

"You sound surprised. Didn't think I had it in me, did you?"

"I knew you did... I just never thought you'd stretch it as far as Kyle." She spoke as she strode towards me until she stood on my side, and we ended up gazing at each other for a long moment. "How are you feeling?"

"Honestly? I'm actually quite relieved that he was behaving himself. It's obvious that he's still madly in love with you, but as long as he doesn't try and snatch you away from me, I have no problem with him being your friend."

She gave me a warm smile before taking both of my hands and kissing my knuckles with her soft lips. "I'm lucky to have you on my side, and I love you even more for granting me this."

My wife.

My only weakness.

She owned me-heart, body and soul.

"So... care to tell me what you two spoke about?" The question had been nagging on my mind, even though I had acted like everything was dandy.

She rolled her eyes, grinning wickedly at me. "Just couldn't wait to get that out, could you?"

"A man can only endure so much torture, poppet."

"Well..." she trailed off as she slowly strolled to the side of the living room, hips swaying provocatively, as if she was in some kind of sensual dance.

When this side of her came out to play, it never failed to hypnotize. My cock grew harder by the second, and the witch was making me lose my train of thought. All of my blood had mostly gone south, throbbing for something else entirely.

Bloody hell.

"Sienna?" I rasped out, needing her to answer before I pounced on her and shagged her senseless.

She bestowed me with her typical, beguiling smile that weakened my knees. "If you insist... We spoke about new things in our lives. How his parents are doing, who he's dating, or if he's interested in having a threesome with us. You know, that kind of thing."

My throat hurt. "I beg your pardon?"

"You heard me." She eyed me with dancing eyes. "That would spice everything up. Besides, I've always wondered what it would be like-"

Common sense absolutely deserted me as my ears grew hot. My heart tightened and everything else evaporated except for one purpose.

"Sienna!" I shrilled as I chased after her, but she kept walking away, almost running from me.

But I was much more agile than her, consequently I caught her, wrapping my arms around her hips as I demanded harshly in her ear for her to explain, needing her to clarify it for me.

"Blake!" she giggled as she tried to get away from me, which only infuriated me further.

"You've been dreaming about his cock, Sienna?" My fury took over, almost pushing me to the edge as I imagined what she wanted to do with her ex-lover. "Is that what this is all about? You wanting to fuck him again because you couldn't seem to help yourself?" I hissed as I pushed her against the wall, caging her in to look her straight in the eye. I needed to see the truth, once and for all.

Worry started to settle in her features. Good, I thought as I sought her eyes. "You've been yearning for his cock all this time, my lovely, conniving wife?" I thundered into her face.

She opened her mouth, looking sorry, before she cast her gaze down so I couldn't see the lies she bore in them. "Blake, I'm sorry. It started as a joke. I didn't mean for you to get upset."

"You think puncturing my heart is a bloody joke?" I ground out, losing my mind as I pictured them fucking again in the damn hotel room. "You know the kind of torment you put me through when it came to him, Sienna. You know," I whispered, curbing the need to shake her.

"Babe, I'm so sorry. I didn't realize how deeply it affects you. It was a poor attempt, and I apologize. I never meant to hurt you at all." She cupped my cheek as I looked away. She cupped my other cheek to force me to face her again before she slowly kissed me as she apologized at the same time. My heart sped up from having this intimate contact with her, but I was still absolutely infuriated to the point I wasn't prepared to simply let it go yet.

His dress shirt. High heels and topsy-turvy hair. And that look that said it all the moment she walked into the apartment, looking thoroughly fucked.

The feeling of being stabbed-the same kind of emotions rolled off me, as if it had just occurred-seized me wholly. Needing to stop her from kissing me, I tried to slowly push her off, however she cupped both of her hands behind my skull and kissed me explicitly.

"Kiss me back, damn it!"

"No," I gritted out, not ready to play the doting and loving husband to her just yet. She needed to be taught a lesson; that she couldn't conjure such poor jokes to see my reaction. I would never inflict such idiotic puns just to get her riled up. We were better than that, or so I had thought. "This is enough-"

"No." She fought me back, harder this time. "I'm not letting go until you've forgiven me. If it's going to take hours of kissing, I don't care. I said I was sorry!"

This woman was pushing for madness.

Fine, I conceded darkly. Fine!

Pulling my zipper down, I hastily took out my cock as I roughly pinned her against the wall, lifted her dress, and pushed her thong aside before plunging into her without concession. I fucked to punish. I fucked her tight cunt to get my point across, literally and figuratively speaking.

"Yes!" she gasped wantonly. "I need this-I need you and your thick monster of a cock."

Christ, she knew what happened to me whenever she talked nasty whilst fucking her witless.

"Whose cock do you live for, Sienna?" I gripped both of her breasts as she slid up and down each time I thrust into her.

She laced her fingers behind my neck, hooking herself up further so I could hammer my rigid length farther into her depths. "Baby, that's it..." she moaned with pure abandonment. "I'm coming-God!" she shrieked. "I love you-so much!"

It was good that we were coming to an understanding. Ready to let myself go and all the bad memories of her and her ex, I focused on her body and how it made me feel. I was about to release my load into her when I suddenly bit into her shoulder, making her yelp and shudder, while I emptied into her womb. I went rigid before my body sagged against her, breathing ever so heavily, feeling spent.

"Don't put me through that kind of hell again, cara."

"Never again." She held me close, kissing my neck. "I love you more than life itself. I'm sorry for hurting you."

I nodded, believing her. Trusting her once more.

Kinship

Blake

After our jaunt downstairs, it took us forever to get upstairs, make love in the shower, and finally exhaust ourselves to the point we sought the comfort of our plush bed. I was just on the brink of falling into a deep coma when the uninvited sound of a shrilling phone broke into my semi-awake consciousness.

Groaning, I tried to nudge Sienna. "Cara, your cell phone is at it again."

"I can't move." She sighed before dropping her hand on my face. "What time is it?"

"It's time to sleep."

We listened for the phone ringing for the last time before we spoke again. "Maybe it was important."

"Maybe... you won't know unless you call back." The only people that called around this time were Chad, Lucy, or Kyle. Usually, they had some emotional turmoil that needed to be unloaded at this ungodly hour, and Sienna, no doubt, would always be there to listen to their qualms.

"Blake," she grunted out, nudging me.

"What?"

"I think I can hear your phone ringing downstairs."

Bloody hell. If both of our phones were being blasted at this time of night, then it must've been urgent. Reluctantly rolling off the bed, I combed a hand through my hair before I squinted towards the darkness of the room for her cell phone. "Where is it? I can't see it anywhere."

"It's on the side table, charging."

Right. Once I spotted the bloody device, I hastily took it off its charger before pressing the button to light up the screen. It was asking me to prompt a password. "What's your secret code?"

When she gave me our wedding date, my heart stuttered a bit, which was quite amazing given that I was only half awake at this point.

Unlocking her device, there were two missed calls from a familiar number. Tapping the digits, it rang before a man took the call on its second ring. "I'm calling on behalf of my wife-"

"Mr. Knightly, this is Manfred, sir. I apologize to interrupt your night, but I'm afraid it couldn't be helped. I have somewhat grave news about your grandfather."

My body went on high alert, strung from shock when he told me that he'd had a heart attack and was in the hospital. We didn't fully discuss everything because I didn't want disclosures coming from anyone else other than the doctors in charge of my grandfather's care.

He was the closest thing to a parent for me. He was the one who'd brought me up when I was orphaned at the age of ten. I owed him everything. Sensing his life was on the line brought immense pain and sadness in me, bringing me back to a time when I was merely a boy that couldn't fully comprehend what it meant when people told me my parents had died.

"Babe?" Sienna came up to me, frowning as she touched my cheek. "Tell me what's happened."

"Grandfather just had a heart attack. I have to go to him in the hospital. I'll call you for updates," I said in an automated tone, feeling like everything was surreal.

"Call me for updates?" She was dumbfounded. "I'm going with you! This is not something I want you to go through by yourself. I need to be there with you, Blake."

I made a light nod, not sure what to think anymore, other than I needed to head straight to the hospital.

Married to a Knightly

Sienna

Poor Blake. He'd seemed like a lost puppy ever since he had hung up that phone call. We were in the waiting room area, awaiting the result of William's operation. He hadn't let go of my hand, which was making me really worry. Not to mention the fact he had barely said anything to me. I knew he was terrified of what could happen to his grandfather since he was very close to him. But given his old age, hadn't Blake at least thought of the inevitable?

Blake and I had lost our parents at a very young age, and I could relate to his fears. Unlike him, he grew up loved and cherished while I, on the other hand, was battered-black, red, and blue from abuse.

I just hoped that, if the surgery didn't come out successful, he wouldn't be too traumatized. Looking at him now, though, with his lips in a thin line, eyes looking bleak, worry etched his forehead, I wasn't sure how my husband would fair. No matter what happened in the next few hours, all I knew was that I would remain next to him, holding his hand, and go through whatever life had in store for us.

At seven thirty in the morning, William came out of surgery and the doctor said the operation had been successful. However, the most vital part was the recovery. All different types of complications could arise while he was induced in a deep sleep.

"I'll stay here. I'm taking the week off and having Luke delegate everything. Why don't you go to work? I promise to call you if there are any changes." Blake seemed distant as he said the words, as if he wasn't seeing me clearly. I mean, he was looking at me, yet it felt like he wasn't.

"Baby, please," I begged as I tried to reach out to him, but he looked away, his mind already made up.

"I need some time to think. I need to be alone." His eyes became blank again, the beautiful midnight blue and the flecks of gold nowhere in sight. They had been replaced by darkness. "I beg of you, cara..."

There was something about his voice when he said cara this time. It was like a broken plea. He wanted to be left alone with his grandfather while he pondered about his past, present, and future, yet he didn't want to directly hit me with the words of rejection. He was putting me off mildly. Either way, it didn't comfort me.

In the two years since we had gotten together, Blake had never had this lifeless look in him. Even when he had been angry about my indiscretion with Kyle, he had showed anger and fury-all types of emotions, whether it was good or bad-had rolled off him consistently, but it had never been this. It had never come to this.

As much as I wanted to pester and try to convince him he needed me here, I knew giving him some space might help him recover from the shock he had been dealt just six hours prior.

Standing up, I hovered above his sitting form and cradled his head before planting a kiss on his forehead and another on his lips. "I love you." I looked him straight in the eye, hoping my words got through to him. As much as I would love to tell him comforting words, I knew nothing would make a difference to him until he knew for certain his granddad was clear from any danger.

Taking a deep breath, I tightened my light wrap around me before striding out of the room. Since Blake drove here and I didn't want to further pester him about the car, I decided to just get a cab once I was outside the hospital. However, this simple thought became a difficulty the moment I stepped foot on the pavement with reporters, paparazzi, and all the microphones and cell phones shoved at me, paralyzing me momentarily before I shook myself out of shock and started to make my way towards where the bank of cabs were parked on the other side of the building.

As I tried to walk and avoid all of them, a few persistent ones rushed at my heels, desperate to get something out of me.

"Miss Sienna, could you please comment on William Knightly's condition? There are rumors saying that he's already at the death's door?"

"Blake Knightly has a lovechild in Spain and he denied all allegations; did he give you a confession?"

"Your husband is bound to inherit a bigger fortune once his grandfather dies; do you guys have any plans with all that money in your bankroll?"

Each question was a stab to my heart. And as much as I wanted to lash out at them and kick them in the gut, I didn't pause for a second until I was safely inside the black cab and on my way towards my home. I wasn't going to lie, one question had stood out above all:

"Blake Knightly has a lovechild in Spain and he denied all allegations; did he give you a confession?"

I admit, I was pissed off because where the flying fuck had that shit come from? Was that question invented because they wanted to get a kick out of my aghast reaction and to cause a rift between Blake and I because it was a critical time for us to need each other, or... Then there was that.

The or.

Or was it because there was a grain of truth in the story, that there was a baby truly hiding somewhere in Spain? After all, Blake had spent a lot of time on the Spanish coast before the casino had opened. And since he'd slept with a lot of women right after we broke up that first time, would it be possible that he forgot to use protection? Or worse, maybe he had forgotten to check if it broke right after they fucked each other brainless.

From the stories I had heard from Toby and Blake, he had been quite the budding stud for those months, fucking anything and everything beautiful on a nightly basis.

Biting my bottom lip, I was frightened to think further because I knew where my train of thought could lead. Besides, there was the matter of bringing this controversial subject up that would most definitely cause an uproar between us. After all that, when everything was said and done, could I stand and support my husband if, in fact, the rumor was true of him fathering a child somewhere?

It felt like I was being stabbed each time I thought of a baby, maybe about two-years-old. A baby that looked exactly like Blake. It was an indirect betrayal, yet I couldn't fault him for sleeping around right after I broke up with him and turned down his proposal.

My thoughts went on a reprieve once the cab deposited me at our house in Chelsea. After I got past the gate, I pulled out my house keys and let myself in. The vast foyer and the silence greeted me coldly.

Looking around, I hugged my purse to my chest, wondering what I would do once Blake found out, if the rumors were true, that he had fathered a baby. I wasn't an idiot. I knew he had wanted a baby for so long, and once the shock wore off, I knew in every fiber in me that he would seek out his child and do anything to be with his son or daughter. Would he leave me then and resume his relationship with the child's mother since I knew he would want everything for his child?

Blake loved unconditionally, and knowing that fact scared me to no end. Because, even though he loved me until Kingdom come, he'd readily give me up to have what he had longed for, for quite some time now.

If that day came, could I give him up, or should I set him free? The question made me feel faint.

My mind was a battle zone. My heart was full of grievance. How could life be so cruel? Hadn't I suffered enough just to be with him? I had fought as hard as I could since day one, fending off all those aggressive, borderline crazy women, and now, another bomb had been dropped before me. It ticked ominously until it was ready to welcome itself to the world, blasting everything I had worked so hard to get, everything that my heart treasured.

This was my home. Blake Knightly was my home. However, without my man by my side, I would be the same abandoned girl again, drifting about life, unsure of everything and with nothing to look forward to.

Reflecting on what life would be like without Blake was a grim future. Yet, I couldn't help myself. I thought of all the possibilities because, after the tragedy of my parents, life had been beyond cruel. Therefore, being enabled to picture all these scenarios actually helped with my mental health. I didn't want to be surprised or shocked. This was my way of preparing for all the wrong things that could happen.

This was how I survived. This was how I lived.

Trying to calm my nerves, I pushed myself to get on my feet and attempt to get ready for school because today I had to go straight to my internship with Stella von Berg's PR firm. As much as I liked her, that woman was pretty intuitive. Her warm smiles and comforting demeanor would make me spill all the ugliness that was threatening to come out of my mouth, and I wasn't ready to say it out loud because, once I did, I could never take it back. Because, in the depths of my soul, a major part of me wished to God this was all it was, just a plain, nasty rumor.

Blake was bound to inherit an obscene amount of money once William died. Topped with his own billions, one could imagine all the raving gold-diggers that had rubbed his shoulders would claim anything they could to get their hands on a chunk of that pie.

Moreover, knowing how Blake had been before, the gold-digger line probably was beyond vast.

~

After school, I immediately went straight to work. I wasn't even seated before Stella cheerily appeared before me while I gave a suspicious look because I was thinking that this could be her way of trying to cheer me up because Callum-her hot husband-must've confirmed the lovechild. I mean, come on, these people were powerful. I was sure they had the capacity and means to confirm the rumor with a click of a button.

I did, too, if I wanted to. However, I couldn't comprehend heading straight into a blazing fire without being prepared for it. I needed more time.

"I heard about William Knightly. Is he out of danger?" Stella asked me with a concerned look while I got reminded that Blake hadn't yet called me, nor tried to send me any messages.

I shook my head, feeling the melancholy settle in my system. "Blake is a mess..." So was I, but for completely different reasons.

"Poor love. I'm sure he is. He's lucky to have you to support him through this difficult time."

If he would let me, I wanted to say, but I changed my mind at the last second. The last thing I needed to do was give any indication to anyone-even if it was Stella, whom I trusted quite a great deal-that Blake and I were having some mild issues with him deciding to be incommunicado.

"Well, I was hoping you were up for some coffee. We could go to the cafe a few blocks down the road."

Yeah, maybe walking and some fresh air would clear up the insanity that ran havoc in my head. "I think that would be a lovely idea, actually. I could use some caffeine in my system."

Plucking my purse out of the drawer, we both headed downstairs and out of the building. Strolling with comfortable silence, we were lost in our own thought and didn't speak until we were finished ordering our chosen hot beverage.

Cradling our steamy cups, I was slowly sipping mine when she took the initiative in breaking the silence. "I know this might be an odd time to bring it up, but I'm beyond ecstatic and needed to share the news with people that I'm close with."

She was such a lovely person. Not only was she beautiful, but her heart was pure gold. I was honored that she considered me a great friend. I didn't have much in that department, and having such a friend as her was worth more than having ten people in my life that didn't care much about me. There was friendship and there was the friendship. Stella was categorized in the latter.

"Remember that time I told you that Cal and I were trying?" she added, making me pause, frowning, as I tried to recall what she truly meant. She said a lot of things to me, subsequently this was such a tricky question.

"Yes, I think I do." I thought a second and hoped we were on the same page since I was a little slow on the uptake today. "Why? Did he change his mind?" I teased, hoping this was about their baby-making pact.

She made a face, grinning. "Well, even if he did, he has little choice in the matter because I'm five weeks pregnant." She rushed out the words in haste, almost making me choke on my coffee.

"What?" I jumped out of my seat, perplexed. "My God, congratulations! I'm so happy for you!" I went around and hugged the living crap of her, over the moon for her and her new baby bean. Of all the people I knew, Stella deserved all the happiness life had to offer. She was just so nice and so kind-hearted it would be heartbreaking to think someone meant to hurt her.

"Me, too. I just found out earlier today," she said in between laughs as we situated ourselves back to our seats. "After all this frenzy at work, I seriously had forgotten about my cycle altogether." Her eyes became glassy, and she had this awe and glowing look about her.

And for a tiny, miniscule second, there was a painful tug in my heart, thinking about that lovechild rumor earlier today.

"I bet Callum is over the moon," I murmured as I focused on my coffee, wanting to banish the thoughts of weighing the possibility of Blake's baby.

"Maybe," she said mildly before she decided to reach out for my hand and give it a light squeeze. "The thing is, I don't know how to tell him." She paused before making a sour face. "We had a small tiff, and he's been ignoring me until I say I'm sorry..."

They, too, shared quite a passionate yet over-the-top, crazy relationship. I supposed it was quite common when you paired an over-confident, dominating man and a woman who was not used to being bossed around, stubborn, and didn't like to be second best. Both demanded everything from the other. Intense. Passionate. Raw and unhinged. Those were the best kinds of crazy that made me fall mad for Blake in the first place.

Back to Stella's quandary, I raised my eyes, wondering out loud, "What did you do to get him mad?"

"I made a tease, and he took it to heart." She sighed before folding her arms around her chest. "One would think that a man with his caliber wouldn't be such a drama queen."

This time, I did choke on my coffee. "You're definitely hormonal," I said the second my passages cleared out.

The naughty, sexy Callum Kensington a drama queen? Goodness. That was the funniest thing I had heard in such a long time. And I admit, belting out a laugh felt truly fantastic.

"I know." She shook her head in dismay. "Anyhow, I was hoping I could invite you and Blake over for dinner to sort of lift his mood, then I'll tell him later that night," she suggested, eyeing me with those hopeful, pretty eyes.

"Of course, we'd love to be there," I replied without needing to think. "When do you plan to have it?" As if I'd ever say no. This meant everything to her. I wouldn't dare stand in between that.

"Tomorrow night. I hope that's okay since it's such a short notice, but I'm quite nervous. What if he tells me that he doesn't want it anymore? We haven't really spoken about babies for months now. We've just been so busy-"

"Stella, you're making up all this nonsense for nothing. Callum loves you, and he's going to be over the moon when he finds out that he's going to be a father soon."

She made a beaming smile. "I hope you're right."

I knew I was where she and Callum were concerned. As for my own problems, though, I wasn't even sure how to handle them.

Maybe brushing it to the side and never mentioning it to anyone. Maybe, just maybe it would go away like it never happened. I mean, if it were true, Blake surely would've said something to me.

Yeah, there was nothing to worry about until Blake himself confirmed it to me. Therefore, before that ever happened, the best thing to do was surely pretend that our marriage life was great. Apart from William's health problems, Blake and I were stronger than ever.

The Great Pretender

Sienna

"Blake?" I rushed out the moment he took the call. "You there?"

After a long pause, there was a soft grumbling sound before I heard his voice. "I'm here." That was all he said, not providing me anything else to work around his mercurial mood at the moment.

Why wasn't he being forthcoming?

"How's William? Is he up? I could come over. Let me just change, and I'll be on my way. Do you want me to get you something to eat on the way?"

"It's fine. Actually, there's no need for you to come because I'll be heading home soon. We'll speak then." He sounded exhausted.

Not wanting to press about the issue, I merely nodded before saying, "Okay, I'll stay and wait for you then."

We said our goodbyes after a second, but even after we hung up, I felt the dread sink into me, hoping that what he meant with we'll speak then was about his father and not the other problem I'd been meaning to hide from.

He didn't come home until two hours later, and in that space of time, I had managed to rearrange my closet just to pass the time because I was so strung up with tension. If I pondered for another second what would come out of Blake's mouth the second he came home, it would drive me mentally ill.

I actually didn't hear him arrive until he knocked on the wood side panel of my walk-in closet, making me jump out of my skin and my heart catch in my throat. Never in my life had I been this nervous.

This territory was new to me-not knowing how he'd take anything, from his grandfather's sickness to the rumor turning out being more real than I hoped. The unknown was terrifying.

It felt like we were at the tipping point where my life would either sink or swim. I could lose everything; all the hard work we invested on each other, our marriage. If I lost him, where would I go? What would I do?

"You seem to have a lot of energy today," he observed, eyes wandering around my closet before he finally landed those powerful eyes on me, unreadable.

"I needed to distract myself." I looked at my great progress yet didn't feel any relief. "How's William, Blake?"

"He woke up today, and the doctor said that he needs to cut down on cigars and drinking. Overall, his condition is progressing well. Quite well, so much so that one could hope."

A huge smile pasted on my lips before I almost ran to him and flung my arms around his waist. Happiness escaped me as I looked up at him and gave him a peck on the lips. "This is truly a blessing," I murmured. "Everything's going to be okay."

His arms enveloped me for the first time after all this worry, and the very feel of him responding to my touch was exhilarating. God, I loved this man too much. I lived for him. I breathed for him.

"This might be such a wrong timing to even mention, but Stella's pregnant and she wants us to go over and have dinner with them tomorrow evening before she breaks the news to Callum. Isn't that amazing?" I looked up to him, hoping he'd agree because I had already given my word we would.

My smiling face went on a dour note when I got the sinking feeling he was about to decline the invitation.

"This has been too much to take in. I know you adore Stella and Callum, and I do, too, but I cannot be bothered with being around people. I just can't be bothered, cara." He seemed to have meant it. "You're more than welcome to go tomorrow, if you like, but I can't. I have so much on my plate. Besides, I haven't rested yet. I'm beyond knackered."

What was I thinking? Of course he'd decline. His granddad had almost died, and here I was, wondering if he'd go to a dinner party because my friend was expecting her first child. I was being inconsiderate and quite selfish to even bring it up to him.

"I'm sorry. That was very selfish of me to even ask of you. I'll tell Stella that we can't make it, but we're over the moon about her pregnancy. I'm sure she'll understand." Stella Kensington would get it more than most women. She'd probably even send something to William just because. She was simply like that; born and bred with excruciating etiquette, even if she wasn't feeling great.

"Thank you, poppet," he whispered before kissing my forehead.

I sighed deeply before resting my cheek on his chest, breathing him in. "We're going to be okay." The words comforted the troubles in my heart. Granted, I wasn't sure if he knew anything about that pesky rumor, but why rock the boat when things were starting to brighten up again?

Seeking his eyes, he gazed down on me with a certain look that used to make my stomach churn and heave, but at this instant, it simply gave me breathlessness.

"Sienna?" he murmured just as my heart stopped beating.

"Yeah?"

He didn't blink before he opened his mouth to say, "We have to talk about something quite important."

I wanted to bite my tongue so we didn't have to talk about it. Whatever it was, I knew it might be something I wouldn't like. He always gave off this vibe about him when he was going to give me bad news. But as much as I wanted to stay in the dark and postpone the inevitable, I knew in my heart that this moment was as good as any. At least, if we had it out in the open, we'd deal with it like all married couples do. I truly hoped we'd deal with whatever this was together.

"I love you more than words could express, more than anything I had ever imagined. I love you, Sienna. I just want you to know that."

Jesus, where was he going with this? I swallowed, my throat nearly parched, while I nodded in earnest, hoping he'd continue his speech before I passed out of agitation.

With each passing second, I felt my surroundings closing in. However, I wouldn't let my childhood coping mechanism take over because this was different. This time, the man that might irrevocably cause my pain was my husband. My family. My home.

"This whole nightmare brought everything to surface, most especially my parents' passing, and I realized that if grandfather died, I'd have no direct kinship by blood. There's Clive of course, but he's my second cousin. It's a tad difficult to express what my heart truly wants to say, but I'll say it in the easiest way that I know..." He paused, searching for my eyes while I remained at the edge of a cliff, ready to throw myself down the second he said anything that had divorce in it.

So I waited with bated breath.

And kept waiting...

Until he finally had the courage to continue.

"I want a baby."

I blinked back a few times, staring at him in shock. "I beg your pardon?"

"I want a child of our own. I want-need-a child with you."

Bloody fuck. The tightness in my throat worsened. This was the opposite of what I had expected. Staring back at him, wide-eyed and speechless, I kept repeating the word baby in my mind.

He wanted a baby. With me. He needed a child.

"But why; we're still so young?" I asked like a ninny, even though I knew what he was going to say. I still needed him to clarify.

"I know I promised I'd wait, but this was before Grandfather's near-death encounter. Call me selfish, but I want him to see that I'm continuing our bloodline. I want him to leave this earth knowing he need not worry about me, that I will have a child to focus on instead of mourning the loss of losing him. All of these reasons have placed my desires of being a father in the forefront. But most of all, I want to see you ripe with child-my child-growing inside of you. The minute the image of you pregnant was instilled in my brain, I simply couldn't live without it..."

"Is this really about your grandfather, or Kyle's visit stirred your dominant, possessive streak again?" Heck, it had been obvious he had been rattled with Kyle's presence, but I was also glad he'd had enough courage to even try and had succeeded at composing himself. What if William's sickness brought out the greatest excuse for him to milk it in the process? Knowing how he worked, he'd seize that opportunity so he'd secure me for his own. He was selfish. I knew that much because I could be just as selfish as he was.

"I've long accepted that there's always going to be your connection with Kyle that will get me jealous, but as much as I want you to sever your ties with him, I knew asking this of you would truly hurt you. I also know you'd do it, even though it would simply cripple you emotionally." His words rung in my ears, and yet my heart agreed with him.

"But as much as I want to be happily rid of him for the rest of our lives, I don't want to see you in pain. I love you, and I made vows to put your needs before mine, even though it guts me alive to see him look at you with such love and devotion.

"You must also know, as my wife, as my partner, as my lover, and as my friend that this yearning of being a father has been growing quite steadily through the months we've been together. I'm willing to do anything to make this process the easiest possible. I'd be the one in charge of our son or daughter. I'd take months off work, or maybe I could make it so I could work from home, and while doing so, I could hire a full-time governess and nurses to care for our child while I'm in the library so he or she wouldn't have to be alone. Or if you're against help, I'd gladly do it all by myself." He was pleading. His heart, his soul, his eyes-they all sought me incessantly, wanting me to sooth his worries.

"I'm willing to put everything on the line. I'd do anything-anything-if you could only grant me this one wish. Even though I promised not to hound you about this subject..." he rasped out, sounding more desperate by the second. "My heart can't be denied any longer. I want to hold my child in my arms.

"I want what Chad has, and what Callum will have in months' time. I'd give anything to see my own flesh and blood smile at me as if I was the most wonderful thing he or she has ever seen. Most of all, I want something that's ours. Solely ours. You and me as one. Our baby, with your features and mine. I want to love another being just as much as I worship their mother."

Dear God, I had meant it when I'd said I wasn't ready. How did he even let himself wish, or better yet, let himself daydream this could happen any time soon? It was five years-not four or three, but bloody fucking five. I couldn't simply switch off what I wanted in life. Fuck, I wanted to be well over twenty-five, at least, before I was to become a mother.

Being a mother was not something to be taken lightly. I'd forever be responsible for the baby. It's not something I could walk away from or take back once it was born. I'd have to stick with my decision, even if I didn't agree to it. Besides, we weren't ready to be parents, were we? No, I thought we weren't.

"Blake..." I started. "You know how I feel about this. I don't even know why you'd bring this up, knowing what I'd say anyway."

"Sienna," he begged. "Please. You don't have to do much else if you don't feel like it. I won't let our baby hinder your goals in life. You can do as much you want-school, opening your own business, travel, party with friends. Whatever you want, I'd happily go along. I won't even complain, I swear it."

I shook my head, having already made up my mind long ago. As much as I wanted to comfort Blake's worries, I couldn't bend my wants and needs for someone else's happiness. "Blake, I can't. I'm sorry."

His crestfallen face broke my heart, yet I couldn't find it in me to undo my words in order to brighten those dimmed depths. We'd had an agreement. He had promised. And I needed him to stick with that promise. Five years.

"Don't be mad at me, please? You can't expect me to change my mind just because circumstances have changed. I haven't; I'm still the same woman who made that promise to you during our honeymoon."

"If the situation were reversed, I'd happily give you anything you want, Sienna. I suppose it's good to know now that you're different from me."

How dare he slap this in my face? We'd had an understanding. "You're asking too much from me. Don't you see that?"

He shook his head, as if seeing me for the first time. "It's a baby. Our baby. This little bundle of joy will provide you, me-us-more love and fulfillment than what we already know. Being a mother is a blessing, not a curse. If you're so adamant and terrified about the prospect of it, tell me this, just once, Sienna, will you ever be ready to become a mother?"

His question threw me asunder. Will you ever be ready to become a mother? He didn't think I'd ever be ready to be one. Was this a test? Because it was a tricky question and one I didn't appreciate in the least.

"I'm ready when I'm fucking ready. In five years' time, ten, heck maybe in the next six months, but that's up to me to decide."

I had expected anger to surface in his magnificent features, but I was quite astounded to find sadness marring his beauty. The sadness was etched everywhere, as if I had just crumbled and stomped on his dream because I had thrown a tantrum. But what had he thought? That I'd happily go along with his wants because I was so sick in love I'd bend over backwards to give him the world? There was no question that I loved him, but I also wanted to be prepared to be a mother, so I could be capable of loving my own offspring and not be this distant parent that would turn into an egotistical maniac the second the child threw a hissy fit or cried in vain.

Being a mother was terrifying and should not be taken lightly. For crying out loud, it wasn't a joke. Even if he vowed to do everything and anything in his power to cater to the child's needs, the society expected the mother to do the nurturing, not the father. People would talk freely as to how awful I was at being a mother. The scenarios just kept flooding my brain, and I couldn't, for the life of me, let it go for Blake's happiness.

I simply couldn't. I was petrified that he was demanding this from me. In a year's time, who knew what he'd ask of me then.

"I'm sorry, babe. You know I'd give you anything to make you happy, but I can't compromise with this request." I hoped he'd find it in his heart to let this dream go for the time being. "Forgive me."

He nodded, looking like someone had died. "Me, too. You don't know how much," he whispered more to himself, before he gave me one last look and took off.

"Where are you going?" I asked, panicked.

"Heading to the office."

But it was late. Freaking hell, couldn't he just cool the fuck down? "Stay home. You need to rest."

I heard the loud, thudding slam of the front door. Well, there went my answer.

He needed to get away to clear his head. Hopefully, by tomorrow, he'd get over it and realize we weren't ready to be parents, or better yet, we'd relish on being honeymooners and focus on each other since things hadn't been dreamy at all since we got together.

~

"Sienna Richards speaking." I took the call the second after it rang. We were in William's hospital room, visiting him, and when he'd fallen asleep, I hadn't seen the problem in taking the call.

Since I was graduating at the end of the year, I thought it would be sensible to also margin out of my comfort zone and take on another job in the marketing field. This time, I was vying to shadow being an Accessories Buyer on top of interning in Stella's PR firm. I needed to see all the different aspects of what my degree could do for me, and I was actually excited at the prospect of being surrounded with things I was familiar with and knowing what it truly meant to be a fashionista.

Being one entailed that one lived for the statement. The style. The risque. The never-ending, shifting trend. The desire to be bold. To be unique. To find something that portrayed our identity. So we could be free and live life the way we saw fit. The way we wanted to color and paint it with our own heart, our dreams, and our own signature uniqueness.

I was young and the opportunity was there, therefore I was going to gladly seize it with both of my arms spread wide open and follow the path I had always dreamed of.

The call was about my impending interview, which was scheduled in three days time. I couldn't be happier than feeling I was on the right path of achieving my goals. Though, for a minute there, I felt the tugging pang of guilt knowing Blake couldn't have his because I wasn't ready to sacrifice any of this yet.

I still wanted more from life, though. I longed to achieve so much before settling down with a baby. Having one wasn't a short-term agreement, even if Blake made sure to detail everything to avoid my having to worry at all. I mean, come on, let's get real here. A baby was a lifelong commitment, whether one agreed to it or not. It just was.

I was grinning from ear to ear, even right after my call. I was about to spin around and go back to where Blake was when I heard him say, "You're Sienna Knightly now. It's been six months, and each and every time, it's always Richards. You're a Knightly now. My wife, in case that has escaped your notice."

I stared at him agog before it sank it. "I'm sorry, I didn't even realize I was doing that." Sienna Knightly. Sienna Knightly. Damn, that was going to take time getting used to saying.

He completely ignored me as he went through his phone. Ever since our conversation in my closet, we hadn't had a real one since. It wasn't my fault, but mainly his. I wasn't sure if he was trying to cut me off and punish me for not delivering what one would consider one of my "wifely duties," but either way, I wasn't going to budge, even if he cried wolf.

I merely hoped he'd snap out of this so we could get on with our lives. Not having a baby right this instant wasn't the end of our lives. For Pete's sakes, we were young and could plan popping babies out several years down the road. As such, for him to gloat and be immature about this was truly maddening.

"Stella's dinner's tonight, in case you've changed your mind-"

"I have not," he emphasized gravely. "More importantly, why should I go to a dinner where they celebrate their impending birth of their first child when I have to wait for my very own to be conceived in nearly half a decade?"

"That's not fair to throw it in my face, Blake, and you know it." This grudge wasn't going to go away anytime soon, I supposed.

He sighed. "I know it isn't fair, Sienna," he said with alacrity. "I know this more than you do, but I held on to hope, thinking this was something that could be negotiated. I was, unfortunately, mistaken in believing we are a team that could take on whatever hurdle was thrown at us. My love is unconditional, and it was utterly shattering to see that yours isn't."

I loved him; how dare he question that. "You don't know what you're talking about. You're just upset, and you're thinking is muddled with all these emotions playing havoc with the logical side of you."

"That may be so, but the blatant fact remains the same. I may be all things right now, but my gut is never wrong, Sienna. It's there, and it's telling me that it is."

He was plainly being ridiculous. I didn't want to hear any more of this crap. It was diminishing my hopes and dreams, and I didn't want him to take that away. As much as I loved him, I couldn't sacrifice all of that for him.

"I'm really sorry that you're hurting, but please don't take this out on me, knowing very well that you were aware of what you were committing yourself to the day you agreed to marry me."

"Are you really sorry, cara?" he questioned with a straight face. "Because, from where I'm standing, you look like you don't have a care in the world.... Just as long as your lovely, little world isn't shaken up, you are quite okay to happily ignore the things that are happening around you."

He kept stabbing me with his words as weapons, and I wasn't going to tolerate it any longer. I'd had enough of it. "I'm going home. I'll see you when you get back." I reluctantly went close to him and kissed him on the cheek. "I'm sorry, Blake."

Desperate Measures

Blake

"I'm sorry, Blake," she merely whispered against my ear before she walked out of the room while I watched after her, noting the massive gap that was stretching between us.

Even though grandfather was sound asleep, I stayed a while, needing the comfort of the steady beating of his heart and breathing monitor that made an echoing noise in the background.

Had my wish been so selfish that she'd immediately brush it off without some thought? Sienna hadn't even batted a single one of those sooty lashes before making a decision. She had simply brushed it off as if I'd get over it the next day, as if it was some kind of irritating noise in the background. I had hoped she'd at least consider my proposal without shutting it down fully just because she felt like she was being trapped into doing something she didn't want to do. I never meant for it to come off as an obligation-never-but at the very least, she could've at least discussed how and why I had come about this decision, even though we had come to a very logical agreement six months prior.

She infuriated me to no end, although there was no doubt in my mind that I couldn't stand not having her in my life. Last night, for example, I meant to directly go to the office and sort out the mess I had left my people to deal with because I was too frazzled to function after my grandfather's unfortunate circumstances. However, even though my mind had been dead-set on heading to the office, I had somehow found myself driving towards our home. Upon realizing the route I had chosen, the immediate need to see her, even for the shortest of minutes, had felt more vital than breathing itself.

Also, the urgency to spill my current dilemma was essential. All the while driving there, I had fought with myself, arguing that she might be busy and my proposal could wait until later on. Still, I had found myself in the driveway fifteen minutes later, resolute on seeing Sienna. I'd thought then that I had enough faith in our bond that she might at least try to see it from my perspective.

How wrong had I been when merely seconds after my revelation, she'd immediately fielded everything and completely blocked any sensible reasoning that could put some shed of light to my argument. Was I angry that she'd reacted this way? Only a little, but I also knew I couldn't hold it against her because she had made it precisely clear where she stood with the subject beforehand. Was I disappointed that my wife couldn't even stand the thought of pretending to consider it at least? Most definitely.

Pondering my problems wasn't one of my main past times, yet sure enough, the past days had been bombarded by it, which was when the idea had pressed into my mind.

I had thought it might rattle her a little, might even deserve me a hard slap for having the audacity to ask it of her. Never had I pictured her giving me a cold, accusatory look as if I had betrayed her trust and confidence. As much as it hurt to be shut down, I wasn't ready to give up just yet.

And just like that, another notion surfaced. Therefore, I took my time, thinking about my new idea. So much so that I stayed another hour at my grandfather's side, sitting and pondering as to how to go about it without sounding absurd. It was hard to decipher my feelings, truly. It was as if something had clicked inside me and nothing had been the same since. All I knew was that I wanted this new kind of happiness for me and Sienna, and at the same time, to fulfill this heavy void that filled my heart ever since my parents had died in an avalanche in the Swiss Alps.

Whatever the outcome of this, I knew disappointment wasn't far behind to remind me that sometimes, no matter how much you love or hope or dream or obsess about one thing, having the means wasn't simply enough to accomplish the impossible.

Shock Value

Sienna

I was in the kitchen, pouring myself a glass of sparkling water, when Blake strode into the room, seeming less tense since I saw him last. Cautiously sipping my drink, my eyes never left him. Even in these odd conditions, my appreciation of his dark, commanding beauty still hadn't escaped me.

He was all male and exuded the kind of aura that demanded attention and power. It easily came without lifting a finger or saying a word, making everyone jump to attention. He simply had been born with this outstanding kind of confidence I admired and envied most of the time.

"May I have a word?" he spoke, breaking my trance-like fascination of his handsomeness.

"Why do you need to be so formal? We're in the kitchen for crying out loud. Word away, my dearest husband." I meant to lighten the mood, but he didn't even crack a smile.

He's still mad then, I assumed with a sinking feeling in my gut.

"After you left, I began thinking... rather extensively, I might add." He was terse, and even though he seemed composed, the locking of his jaw was an indication he was under a lot of stress because of yours truly.

So this was about the baby again.

"Go on," I said, beyond exhausted about this damned, infuriating subject. Why couldn't he just leave it be? Why, oh why, couldn't he just get over it? This conversation wasn't going to end well because my answer was still a resounding no.

"How about surrogacy? The same conditions apply-you can do as you please and I'd still take care of the baby."

"Surrogacy?" Was he fucking with me?

He made a careless shrug. "I made a last minute appointment set for tomorrow. I was hoping we could see what it is about." He pulled out his cell phone, tapped on the screen, and slid it over the counter towards me. "The exclusive agency sent me photos in case you were particular about what the surrogate would look like. They said that some parents always demands a certain IQ level and impressive beauty."

My hand shook a little when I plucked the device off the countertop.

The intended surrogate was pretty. She looked like she was from Italian descent.

"What do you think?" His question echoed in my mind as I kept staring at the pretty picture.

She was strikingly pretty, too pretty for my liking. Did he choose this particular picture for another reason? I thought darkly as jealousy slowly crept in my system. Would Blake treat her like a queen because she was inseminated with his sperm? My train of thought was a total wreck, yet I couldn't help it.

"You want her to live here while she's carrying your child? Don't tell me you want to fuck her, too?"

"Don't be bloody absurd!" he thundered out, insulted.

"I don't want any of this." I slid the phone back towards him just as the tethering madness of anger exploded. "If you can't wait to have a child, then maybe you married the wrong woman."

"Now you're just being ridiculous." His nostrils flared as he stared at me with eyes full of a lot of things I didn't care noticing. "Could we sit down and discuss this rationally? This is the most plausible solution for the both of us."

"I am not going to let another woman carry your child!" I shrieked. "I can just see how enamored you'd be. You might end up falling for her, or much worse, believe that she's truly the mother of your child. I'm not going to let that happen. Not on my watch."

He pulled the side of his hair, muttering something in Italian. "If you can't stand the bloody thought of another woman carrying our child, then why don't you do it for us, Sienna? It's only nine months. I know that's a lot of time to ask you to sacrifice, but I promise, I will deliver on whatever it is you wish for. If you want a job anywhere, just name it, I'll make it happen. If you want to open a business, just say so, I'd provide all the help so you wouldn't even have to worry about a thing. If you want to travel the world, hell, I have jets on standby to take you anywhere. Don't you see how desperate I am for this, Sienna?" His voice shook. "I'm man enough to tell you that I'm desperate to have our baby, and I'm beseeching you, begging for your consideration to grant me this wish, just this once. I promise I'll move Heaven and earth to make you happy. I can love the child for the both of us, if that's what you're worried about."

This was getting to be too much to handle. How could he go on and on about this when it was a dead end? Why couldn't he just drill it into his head?

"You're pushing me to have a baby when I'm not ready for it. I'm just not. And you said it yourself in the very beginning that you'd be willing to wait until I was ready. What happened to that?"

"My grandfather's sickness happened."

"You're asking for the impossible, Blake. I'm sorry, but my answer hasn't changed."

"I know," he murmured much to himself. "But it was worth a try."

His broken face and dispirited demeanor brought immense despair.

"Don't do this. Don't withdraw from me. Trust me, this is for the best." I had believed in my heart this would not change our relationship, but looking at his stricken face, I wasn't so sure anymore.

"You're right. My apologies. This was a mistake." The smile he granted me tore my insides raw.

"We're going to be fine," I assured him. I wanted to walk towards him and give him comfort, however he stopped me with a look before I even took a step forward.

"I'll sleep in the guest room tonight. I need to clear my head."

Okay, at least it wasn't the office or a nearby hotel. That was a small blessing.

"If that's what you think is best."

~

When Blake said that he needed to stay the night in one of our guest rooms, I truly thought he meant one night. Five days later, he didn't seem to be in any hurry to move back into our bedroom.

It was troubling to see how the argument had brought us so far apart. I'd love to reach out to him, feel his touch again, his warmth, and the sweetness of his kisses, but I knew he wasn't ready to do any of that. The past five days were indication enough; he didn't even try to call or text me like he usually did. There were no messages of sweet nothings, sometimes asking me if I had forgotten any meals, or if I fancied anything in particular for dinner, like he usually did. Most of the time, those messages were small reminders that showed me how much he loved me.

I can't get you out of my head.

Ti amo, cara. Never fail to remember that.

You unman me, amore.

Don't forget to enrich your gorgeous body with breakfast, poppet.

Forever I am yours, Mr. Knightly.

I'm in a meeting. Instead of listening to new proposals, I imagine you amidst the table, dancing, seducing me with your gorgeous eyes, with your body. Did I tell you how much you affect me, Sienna?

I love you. You. Just you. Forever you. Always you. Mrs. Knightly.

Husband here... thinking about this wicked witch who woke me up in the middle of the night, beautifully riding me like I was her instrument for pleasure. You amaze me, cara. I knew I married you for all sorts of pleasurable reasons.

Did I tell you that each time I passed Knightsbridge that I remember that first time I took you for a massage? My God, how I ached for you then... and how much that has tripled since then...

Hi, Sienna. Please tell me you miss me.

New trendy restaurant opened in Mayfair. Mind if you let your knight take you out on a date?

Back in my London office, mind paying me a kinky visit anytime soon?

Don't forget lunch, cara.

Fucking hell. I bloody fucking miss you.

These random ramblings from him here and there, whether he was in the country or out on business halfway across the world, never failed to let me know I was never far from his thoughts. His utter silence was deafening now. This was his punishment... by completely ignoring me?

Well, at least he still came home, I thought dourly, yet the idea didn't bring much comfort, either.

So I dined all by myself, patiently waiting for him to arrive so I could at least see him, even if he looked at me with no emotions. Every day, it was getting harder to bridge the gap between us. I completely ignored our friends when they tried to invite us to do something fun with them. I sure wasn't ready to bring this out in the open when we hadn't resolved it yet. I missed seeing our friends, but I missed my husband more.

When the time indicated it was ten past ten, I gave in to my wishes and took my phone to call him. When it kept ringing and I was sent to voicemail, I wasn't even surprised that he didn't take my call, yet I tried again for the second time, feeling like a possessed woman, simply needing to reassure myself that he wasn't in some freak accident or out and about town.

I was about to hang up when I knew that in another ring the voicemail would come through, but I was surprised to actually hear his voice on the other end.

"Hello?" He didn't sound irritated, but he didn't seem welcoming, either. Fuck, he was making me nervous.

"It's me. I was just wondering why you're not home yet? Are you still in the office?"

"No. I left a few hours ago."

Well, okay... At least he was responding to my questions. "Where are you?"

"I'm about to head to a private club to meet with the guys. Do you need something, Sienna?"

Yes, I need you home. I needed my Blake back.

"I just miss you. I've missed you terribly." My feelings took over, and I couldn't help telling him how much I wanted things to be back to how they were between us.

His immediate silence cut through my heart. Deeply.

"Don't you love me anymore? Why are you acting this way?" My insecurities came in full force, overwhelming me, yet I couldn't stop hemorrhaging it out of my mouth. The toxicity of it was acrid on my tongue. "Is this your way of saying that you want a divorce?" I hiccupped at the word, dying slowly inside. "Because if it is, just fucking say so! And if you've already slept with another woman, I swear to God I'll take you to the cleaners. You can kiss those billions of yours goodbye!" Tears fell on my face as I imagined him taking another woman, sharing himself like he usually did when he and I were through.

I stared at the phone, wondering if he had hung up, but it still showed we were connected.

What the bloody flying fuck! "Blake, stop pissing me off!" I screamed into the phone, losing it like a mental person.

"I would never divorce you." His voice flittered through the phone. "Even if it kills me. Even if I loathed you on sight. Even if you cheated on me. Even if you're suffering, we'll suffer together. There will never be a divorce."

His words sent me into a panic overdrive.

"Well, maybe it was a blessing then because I will never give you a child. If you're willing to let me suffer, then so will you. I'm going to make you regret that you've ever met me."

"Maybe it's just as well I make someone else pregnant with my first born then."

His words were cruel, as were mine, however this was getting to be too much. It was as if he had pushed me into a cold, freezing lake and left me to drown.

"I would kill your whore and your bastard baby. Then I would kill you before taking my own life." I was shaking before I dropped on the couch, feeling helpless.

"You want a divorce, Sienna?"

No. Oh, God no... I wouldn't... I'd die without you...

"If this is what marriage to you is like, then yes, I want one."

"I'll give you your divorce in exchange for a baby," he said without emotion.

And then I'd be out of his life forever? What about the baby? What about me? How could he say these things to me? He vowed to love me forever...

"Is that the only way you'd free me?" I wondered out loud, loneliness setting me adrift.

"Yes."

Was this still my husband? I knew I had said some callous words, and the old Blake used to be cruel. Even then, it was obvious he was still in love with me. But this man I was speaking to, was another man entirely. It was Blake, yet he was also a stranger to me.

"I'll call the lawyers to prepare them for the divorce. Our pre-nuptial agreement has a lot of clauses. Nine months will be enough time for negotiation since you want a hefty amount of my billions. Best they get to it before you give birth." Then he hung up, leaving me reckless and desolate.

What have I done? Why did I have to make that stupid phone call? Had I not pestered and goaded him to be angry with me, he would have come home, and eventually, we could've resolved things as we usually did. But things were said and done, and there was no way in hell I could undo the hurtful words I had slung at him. I regretted them greatly. However, I couldn't help tearing into him to give him an idea of the shit-storm I was going through. I had been selfish, and in turn, my selfishness had cost me my marriage.

There was nothing else I could do. Even if I apologized, I doubted Blake would take pity on me. I had showed a side of me I didn't know existed. So what did a brokenhearted woman do once she realized she was about to divorce the man of her dreams the moment she popped a baby? I cried myself out until there were no tears left.

I woke up some time around midnight with no sign of him anywhere. Reluctantly, I went in the shower to wash the stickiness of my tears off my face and body. B, but even there, my tears formed and spilled with no signs of stopping. Therefore, I stayed awhile, until my eyes stung from the constant tearing. Then I got out and wrapped myself in one of my silk robes that Blake used to love seeing on me.

Staring into the mirror, I took a hard look at myself, wondering what had happened to me to blow my fuse the way I had with Blake. I could beg, my mind tried to convince me, but at this point, there was no going back. I had made my bed, as they say.

My eyes dropped, as did the tears, before my eyes caught the sight of my gargantuan engagement ring.

I still remembered the first time I had caught sight of it, staring into the beauty of the diamond. The past caught up to me.

"Did that feel like a game to you?" I lowered my eyes and stared at his chest. "Damn you! That kiss felt more real than anything else in this world. You love me! That kiss just proved that you do. I love you, too, Sienna. I can't live without you. Will you marry me?"

I gasped and stared at him like a deer caught in the headlights as he got on a bended knee. He produced a ginormous rock. It was certainly more than fifteen carats. The ring was a princess-cut, canary diamond surrounded with smaller diamonds and had been designed in a halo pattern with diamonds surrounding the entire band; the eternity band.

"The color of the rock reminds me of the color of your eyes when they get caught with the sun, like liquid gold. I commissioned this ring to be made the day after I left for New York. That night, I knew you were it for me. I don't want anyone else. I know everything's been unfolding so quickly, but I wanted-needed-you to know how much you mean to me. I love you wholeheartedly. Will you please let me be the happiest man in all of England and say yes?"

I stared wide-eyed at the ring, back to his face and back to the ring again. Shocked didn't even begin to cover my reaction.

"Blake... I'm sorry... I can't."

He abruptly stood up and grabbed my face with a fierce scowl. "What do you mean you can't? How hard is it to say yes?"

"I can't. I'm sorry," I stammered through my tears.

"I see. I guess, I imagined that you felt the same way, but I suppose that's all it was, all in my imagination."

He heaved and turned to me with a stony face. "You'll regret this because I've only ever loved you and when you see me happy with another woman, you'll regret it even more. Your thoughts will be haunted by me; the one that got away. Goodbye, Sienna." He stood there for a few seconds before sliding in the Aston Martin, gunning the engine and rapidly vanishing through the traffic.

He had been right, I was going to regret it, but at the same time, maybe he was just too intense for me. When I was dating Kyle before, it was never like this; contrasting Heaven and Hell, never in between. The fights were always tumultuous and the love was blindingly consuming. Maybe our love just wasn't right. Maybe we weren't supposed to stay together this long.

Could I live without Blake? Maybe, maybe not. All I knew was that I was a survivor, and I always managed to keep afloat, even if I had nothing to fight for, nothing worth living for.

I wasn't sure why, but I caught myself taking off the engagement ring and then the wedding band. Automatedly, I placed them on the mirrored dresser while my insides recoiled at the mere sight of them.

Divorce. The word taunted me.

Strolling towards the bedroom, I tugged against the comforter before I heard a thud coming from downstairs. And right off the bat, my heart hammered against my ribcage, surging life through me again.

"Don't go," I murmured to myself, yet my feet had a mind of their own, not heeding the warning my mind was giving. My silk robe trailed beneath my feet as I strode along the hallways, towards the stairs. Stopping atop the stair landing, the foyer was empty, therefore I decided to descend the steps, and mid-way through it, he emerged from living room.

It felt like time stood still-suspended-as we stared into each other, realizing that we weren't meant to be. Even still, my eyes devoured him. The mere sight of him almost brought me to my knees.

He seemed detach as he looked at me, as if I was something uninteresting. He was the first one who broke the eye contact, leaving me beyond disconcerted.

He is done with me. The old Blake could never get enough of me. This man did. He even looked irritated.

As I watched him like a hawk, he started to unhurriedly stride towards the stairs. He was avoiding eye contact as he started to take each step before passing me without any sort of greeting, without a word at all.

But something bright caught my eye.

"Son of a bitch!" I shrilled like an unhinged banshee before I yanked his arm back so he couldn't walk another step before I went a step ahead of him to gain more eye leverage then slapped his emotionless face. "You have a lipstick mark on your cheek. How fucking dare you come home with that shit on you!"

He remained motionless, not even caring to meet my eyes, nor did he care to defend himself. He was merely detached. Empty.

"Look at me!" I yelled. "Fucking look at me," I demanded again, but he never did bring up his face to meet mine. The racking pain made me feel dangerous. It was making me lose my mind. Nothing made sense to me. "I see. Okay. You've already done your part. Well, it's time I did mine then," I hissed at his non-responding face. "How would you feel if I let Kyle fuck me until kingdom come? Or better yet, how about your cousin Clive? I'm sure he could use a good workout."

"Go shag whoever you want, but leave my family alone," he grounded out but made no effort to look at me still, which only goaded me to do more damage.

He hated the mention of his hot cousin. Well, too bad. All was fair in love and war. And this... this was definitely World War III. I wasn't going to lie, it bothered me he didn't even care that I thought of Kyle. This realization only worsened my condition.

Disgusted at the both of us, I tightened my robe as I decided to take flight, but this time, he was the one doing the arm yanking.

"I said leave Clive alone," he gritted out the words before he lifted his eyes to reveal his stormy ones.

He made me breathless, even in this unfortunate time.

"Did you hear me, Sienna? Go waste yourself with someone else, but don't you dare fuck any of my relatives."

I wanted to spit at him. Maybe slap him again. Or maybe kick his dick because the chances of him sleeping with the woman who left a lipstick mark on his cheek were already a given. The bastard had cheated on me. He fucking cheated on me!

My blood boiled again as I pictured him plowing through some willing beautiful body.

"Let me go."

His fingers dug into my skin, gripping it harder. "I need you to promise me that you won't go after any of my family."

Maybe the storm in his eyes-midnight, silver and gold amidst the black-made me nod, conceding to his request, but I wasn't sure. Because, even though I was mesmerized, I thought my heart couldn't take being this close to him much longer. Consequently, I'd do what must be done to get away from him as far as I could imagine.

"Say it," he demanded harshly, nearing his face to mine.

The intensity of his eyes, the anger, the disgust on his face left me to shame as I dropped my eyes to his chest. And right there on his collar, another tinge of the same colored lipstick stained his impeccable white dress shirt. Dear God, I couldn't... I couldn't stand any of this any longer.

"I promise," I made an audible whisper. "I won't."

I counted to bide my time until he released me from his grip, but after ten counts, he still had his hand on me, gripping me in a steel-like vice.

"How can I trust your word?"

His distrust was crushing, but I had to toughen up my resolve so I could run to my closet and get necessities before I checked myself into a hotel or go over to my best friend's house in Hampstead.

Meeting his stormy eyes once more, I willed myself to be stronger for a little bit longer. I could collapse later, but at this instant, I needed strength. "Trust it... because you'll find me in Kyle's house."

We fought with our eyes for a second before I felt him loosening his hold off my arm. Again, the old Blake would've lost his mind with jealousy, but this one was letting me go.

I had no words to describe the gutting turmoil my heart was processing at this sign. Blake Knightly had definitely left me before I even knew it.

"You won't get your divorce until you give me a baby. My baby, so if you intended to fuck Matthews, best you wait until you've given birth to my child. You also need to dispose of your pills."

He was being so mechanical. I hated him and yearned for him all at the same time.

"Is that all?"

"I'll come to your bed in two weeks' time and every night for a week. I hope that'll be enough time. Hopefully, by this course, the first draft of our divorce will be ready."

"What if by the end of that week I don't conceive?"

"Then I won't let you out of the bed until you are pregnant with my child."

Who would have thought a week ago I'd be his breeding cow? Life was ironic. Just as I was about to move, he pulled me back again.

"When did you have your last menstrual cycle?"

Was he fucking kidding me? "The other day, it went on for five days, in case you're wondering about that as well." I was being snarky, but he was begging for it.

"So you're not back on the pill yet then?" he inquired, as if the question was as simple as asking what the weather was.

I shook my head. I would get back on it supposedly the day after tomorrow. However, since he was planning on making me a brood mare before I could get my divorce, I had to throw all those tiny white pills away.

Something crossed his face as he looked at me in such a way that left me cold and unwanted. "Get to bed, naked. I'll come for you tonight."

The thought of him touching me made me a little desperate. "When, what time?"

"I need some time to myself before I fuck you," he said in a matter-of-fact voice. There was something about it that made me a little crazy.

"You make it sound like you can't get hard enough to fuck me, Blake."

"Maybe I can't."

Aw, hell to the mother fucking no. Did he just...? He did, didn't he? And since we were already here, why not just get on with it? Disrobing, I let it fall to my feet. I felt no shame in my nakedness because the usual hunger his eyes bore was absent.

"Do it. Let's get this over with right here." I brazenly reached out to touch his cock, and just as predicted, he wasn't hard, but his half-mast state should suffice.

His cock had graced someone else's body...

Taking charge, I unzipped him before letting his pants fall and freed his cock from his boxers. All the while, he stood motionless, looking at me like I was some sort of specimen, but I was over it.

"How do you want me?"

"You seem to know what you're doing, so go ahead. Keep going."

Bastard to the tenth order.

Fuming, I slightly pushed him to sit on the step before I straddled him. He might not be all the way hard, but his dick was big enough to make me orgasm without being its full potential. It was insulting that he wasn't aroused because I was the total opposite, never had I been this wet for him.

Gripping the base of his cock, I gradually lowered myself to meet his length before I felt it break into my opening, stretching me slowly as I adjusted to his size, feeling the heavy weight of his stare. Beyond emotional, I closed my eyes and focused on the heaven my body was going through.

Biting the bottom of my lip, I slid up before I pushed down again, wetting his shaft with my essence further with each move. When I couldn't take any more of him, I felt his cock twitch, engorged, finally having risen to full function.

I wanted to moan. I wanted to kiss him. And God, how I missed seeing the love shining through those eyes. However, I knew the moment I opened my eyes I would find none of those in his empty depths. Therefore, I kept them shut. But in my mind, the old Blake was alive and thriving, like the last time I rode him in this position.

"Open your eyes. Look me in the eye and fuck me like you mean it. I know you want to."

His words snapped me out of my dream, and when I did open my eyes, the void I saw in his made me feel ill.

"I can't do this." I tried to get off him, but his hands took hold of my hips and pulled me firmly onto his cock. "I can't-" A loud moan escaped me as my pussy rejoiced from pleasure.

"Ride it until you've emptied my cock. To the very last drop. That's the only way I'm letting you get off it." He was really being vicious.

"But that could mean a few more times." He was insatiable; one session wasn't ever enough for him.

"Best you get on with it so we can be rid of each other."

The Point of No Return

Blake

She rode me three times in a row, one succession after the other, screaming and moaning as she had multiple orgasms around me. Sweat broke around her brows as she panted heavily, eyes dazed and heavy as she tried to breathe.

"Caro... I'm tired."

Caro. One word, and yet, it tugged at my heartstrings. I had been feeling quite shitty for the past few days, and I'd thought that it would be better to give her some space because I, too, needed it. Tonight, I had actually planned to come home and ask if we could talk about us and where we go from there. I had also meant to ask for her forgiveness because I had been wrong to even ask it of her, knowing well that I'd made a promise. However, she had gone beyond temperamental and mentioned divorce.

Thus, when I hung up the phone, I scouted the bar for a woman with the brightest lipstick on and paid her a hundred quid to leave lipstick marks on me. I wanted to drive Sienna insane with jealousy, yet the woman had gone far and beyond.

Divorce for a baby.

I had never in my life felt such trepidation for my own sanity. Sienna's harsh, accusing words about other women I could tolerate, but what I couldn't fathom was how she had thrown around the word divorce as if it wasn't of consequence. I, for one, never dreamt of the day it would even be considered between us. My wife, however, seemed to have thought of it, or it wouldn't have come out of her Godforsaken mouth in the first place.

I wanted to be cruel, therefore I had told her I wouldn't dare divorce her even if she killed me for it. Then, when she sounded unfazed by it all, I had dug it a little deeper, where I knew it would frazzle her. That was all it had been, merely words to me. I hadn't thought I'd truly go through with it until I came home and she threatened to sleep with my cousin.

That was truly gutting to hear her say. Kyle? Well, that was already a given. I knew she'd run to him even before she said it. But Clive? Never. Besides, it wasn't as if Clive could resist Sienna because, once she put her mind to seduction, she would be lethal to anyone's libido.

I wanted to hate Sienna. I truly did, but my heart wouldn't let me.

I cared, yet I somehow had shut off my emotions in fear that I'd become the bloody idiotic fool I was for her. I always was where she was concerned. Conversely, maybe there was a major part of me that had wanted to see her chase me, to prove she loved me the way I did her. Yet, as the days had gone on, with no effort coming from her, I had somehow given up on hoping she would at least meet me halfway. I had married her because I'd thought I had found what my father had found with my mother-unconditional love, devotion, and loyalty.

It was hard to admit it but I think I might've been mistaken on believing that.

We'd just had sex triple times without any form of protection, including her birth control. I had wanted a baby with her before, but the thought of conceiving it when she wanted a divorce... That would be challenging. I could fight her to stay, but then again, it would only be temporary because, either way, if she wanted to be free, she was going to find a way to do it.

"Take me to bed," she whispered before collapsing on my chest, her hand loosely on my neck as I fought the urge to kiss her.

Taking a few steady breaths, I held her against my body as I lifted us both from the steps and paved our way towards our bedroom. Once in there, I strode to the vast bed, depositing her right in the middle, swarmed with shams and pillows.

I stared at her spent form as I felt the immediate rush of excitement towards my groin. Even in dire circumstances, I would always be hungry for her.

"Stay..." she murmured before she slowly lifted her eyes open then reached for my hand to tug me closer. "I was only taking a break. Give me half an hour, and I should be good as new."

No more sex, I thought without hesitation. We couldn't solve everything with sex. But I would stay, just for tonight.

Joining her in our marital bed, my head had barely hit the pillows when she crawled towards me and placed her head on my chest before releasing a big sigh.

"I was pregnant last year..." she murmured, momentarily making me freeze as I realized what she'd just uttered.

Huh? Was she dreaming? "When?" I asked skeptically.

She took a deep breath. "Right after the attack... a week before we left for Rome. I didn't even have a clue until the nurse told me I was losing the baby."

Christ, this was even before we had gotten married.

"Why didn't you tell me?" I wasn't angry; no, far from it. I suddenly mourned the loss of our child as I pictured Sienna walking down the aisle on our wedding day.

"You were recovering from your wound..." she sniffed. "And losing it made me feel like a failure. I was terrified you'd leave me because I wasn't doing a great job of being a mother."

"But you had no idea you were pregnant then-"

She hesitantly sat, wiping her tears away. "I didn't, yet I couldn't help feeling like I had let you and the baby down. There was so much going on then that trying to forget about what occurred to me seemed pretty easy. But each time you mentioned the word baby, I couldn't help cringing because I'm horrible at being a mom, and I didn't want you to see that." She pauses. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you..."

"So am I," I said wretchedly. Had I known about it, I wouldn't have pressured her the way I had in the first place.

But we were still stuck in this predicament. Even with this revelation, I doubted it could make any difference at all.

The Ghost of You

Sienna

My best kept secret was a secret no longer.

"Where does this leave us?" The thought of not having him in my life drove a sword into my soul. How idiotic was I to provoke him when I felt too much of everything at once? I was too insecure, too jealous, too in love, too emotional-too much of everything I could think of. I was this and that and then some. The heaviness of my regret seemed to suffocate me as I waited for his response. And when he did, I felt so alone.

"Same as where we were an hour ago. Nothing's changed, Sienna. There are some things that are too hurtful to even take back."

"I know... I know that now." I begged with everything I had, "I'm immature, I get that, but please, just don't give up on me yet. I didn't mean it-the divorce-I'm sorry." I didn't even bother with the tears because I was past it. I was hysterically upset as everything started to take root in my heart. "I love you, and if you don't believe it, I'll gladly prove it by having your child. Please just give me another chance." Nothing mattered anymore. Without Blake, I'd be lost again, wondering what my purpose was in all of this. With him, I felt like I could accomplish anything. He was the power behind my will. His undying belief that I could do anything made me feel and believe it. "Don't leave me..." I'd lose my other half. I'd lose half of my soul. How the fuck did I function if I had only half of my heart? Half of everything I was? I just couldn't. I just fucking couldn't.

"You don't want a baby, Sienna, so please don't insult my intelligence by saying you'd willingly change your mind because you felt responsible for lighting the fire." He gazed at me with sadness, but it was obvious his mind was already set.

I hadn't realized how much I wanted a baby until tonight, until I finally knew I was losing him.

I wrapped my arms around my stomach as I tried to get a hold of myself, totally failing. "One more chance."

"Sienna-"

"You owe me that at least. One more, and if you remain unhappy, I'd willingly let you go myself."

He looked away, thinking, and then... "Why do you do this?" he grounded out, impatient. "Do you enjoy the misery? Do you miss it when it's gone? Because, from where I'm standing, it's quite certain that you seek all types of turmoil and upheaval. I'm getting too old for these types of shenanigans, Sienna. I'm at the point in my life where I want a sensible wife, children. I want a bloody family! It was all I wanted from you, and yet, you kept pushing me off as if my dreams were about to ruin you."

"I'm sorry..."

He shook his head. "Sorry isn't enough for the damage you've caused. Sometimes, sorry is just an excuse for someone to repeat their mistakes. You don't know how to love without stipulations. I cannot keep conditioning myself to fit into your lifestyle. It's enough." His words had finality in them, and I knew with every fiber in me that it was close to impossible to change his mind. It was better to leave it alone than keep grating him about the subject.

"Okay, I guess this is it then."

He kept his eyes on me, but I couldn't bare looking at him for a full minute without feeling like my insides were being ripped apart by his own hands.

"When do you want me to move out?" I asked in between tears as I slid off the bed and went inside my walk-in closet. I needed a robe to cover my body because I felt ashamed for all the things I had done tonight. I deserved this, therefore I might as well not deny how wrong I had been.

Taking out a black robe, I haphazardly tied it around me just as I walked out of the closet. Blake remained in bed, staring blankly at the ceiling before he lowered his eyes down to look at me.

"Tell me what you want... I'd gladly give it to you," he said. Before I had the chance to reply, he continued, "I'm giving you this house and whatever property you want that's mine. You can also take half of my money if that makes you happy. You can have a jet, a stake at the company, and whatever business endeavors I have accumulated during the span of our short marriage."

I wanted to cry because he truly believed I would take him to the cleaners. This was what we had come to. It was sad and pathetic.

"I don't want any of that. Just give me the papers to sign, and I'll do it as long as you do don't give me a single pence."

My light-hearted intentions of wanting to talk went out the window. There was no point anymore. I had realized that the second he opened his mouth, yapping garbage out of it.

Striding back into the closet, I pulled out a medium-sized weekend bag and shoved everything I needed in it to get away somewhere.

Where is my passport? I looked around and finally found it in the bottom drawer.

"Don't you think it's too late to be heading somewhere?" His voice came up behind me, but I didn't have the energy to look at him.

"Just stop. Let's not do this. Don't pretend you care where I go or what I'll do. Just stop."

"Stay in the house; it's yours anyway. I'll go and leave you be."

He was being so infuriating, acting nonchalant and being stupidly magnanimous about everything. His indifference made me chuck my sunglasses case towards him before he caught it with one hand.

Before I knew it, I was throwing everything I could find at him; a pen, my purse, a wallet, my make-up kit. You name it, I threw at him.

"Sienna! Stop acting like a goddamn child!" he yelled at me.

"Fuck you." I didn't care anymore.

My engagement ring along with my wedding band caught my eye before my vision blurred as I reached out to them.

"Here are your lies, Blake. Till death do we part, asshole." I threw them over his head, hitting the mirrors, while he stared at me in horror. "There. Now, we're really over."

"Have you lost your-"

"My mind?" I shrilled at him. "Yes, I've fucking lost it! I hate you!" I grunted at him, and when he didn't say another damn word, my insanity worsened. "I fucking hate-" I was about to shove him out of the way when he clasped both of his hands on my shoulders and roughly shoved me against the wall. "I hate you. I hate you!"

"Sienna-"

"No! Don't you dare Sienna me, you impotent-" bastard, I meant to finish, but he kissed me to shut me up, and I loathed him even more. "Get off me. I don't want you," I yelped in between his kisses. "Stop..." God, why did he have to kiss so fucking good?

"No, you've said enough," he growled the words harshly against my lips. "I have had enough." He swiftly lifted me against the wall before I felt his hardness slip in between my thighs, heading straight into my pussy.

"Baby," I moaned as tears filmed my eyes once more.

He kissed me through my tears as he pounded me harder. Then, just as I was about to come, he pulled out of me before he lifted me up and headed towards the dresser.

"On your knees," he commanded the second I was deposited on the cushioned bench right before the mirrored wall of my dresser. "Eyes glued to the mirror. I want you to see what I do to you."

When I did as he asked, he gave me an approving, heavy-handed slap on my behind. He then positioned himself behind me before he took hold of my hair, yanking it as he slid his cock into me.

"This is the only time you obey me... when I'm fucking you senseless."

My abilities were mostly impaired because he was utterly massive. What the heck did he expect?

"If I give you another chance," he hissed into my ear while I erotically watched our reflection. "There will be no more running away. Our marriage isn't a game where you can up and leave whenever you want. You need to grow up and admit you've made a mistake."

His other hand went around my neck as he plunged deeper into my core. I moaned and groaned in oblivion.

"You have to give me your all, Sienna. I won't settle for anything else."

"I promise. I'll be better this time around," I gasped as he shifted to a different angle, hitting me straight on my sensitive spot.

"Blake! God! Oh, God. What are you doing to me...?" I was stammering like an idiot and I didn't care because my orgasm was about to explode. And when it did, he didn't stop at one.

"I love you, caro."

I was so out of it, but it didn't stop him from using me until he was done and ready to release his seed into my womb.

"I love you so fucking much," he swore. "Don't you dare ever forget it the next time you feel reckless and destructive."

This man's patience for me was that of a saint. I was simply grateful he had at least given me another chance before giving up on me.

I knew he loved me, and I knew it would probably break him had I truly walked out on him. However, I needed him to show some kind of emotion because his detachment drove me mad. It drove me to say and do things I didn't mean. I was childish; I wasn't going to deny that; it was how I dealt with my usual problems. I was slowly learning to do things differently, and I would eventually get there, one day.

For this moment, though, I simply wanted to savor the feel of my husband making love to me over and over again, as if he was a man who wanted to prove something to himself. It was comforting to see that his hunger for me was intact. For a moment there, I had truly feared I had lost this bit of him.

It was funny how we fought like we were about to kill each other then, the next day, we would wake up as if we just arrived on our honeymoon, and we couldn't get enough of each other.

I wasn't going to lie. The make-up part made fighting just a little sweeter, not that I was planning on anything crazy anytime soon.

Down Under

Blake

"Is your stewardess hot?" Sienna asked me through the phone just as I boarded my jet, heading towards Australia.

I smirked, thinking how irrational she could get when jealous. Best not to drive her into that direction whilst I was out of the country, thousands of miles away, to avoid the damage she could cause.

"Not as beautiful as you are, if that's what concerns you."

"It's not. I trust you. I do." She tried to emphasize that she truly did, and I believed her.

"Thank you," I murmured as I took a seat and stretched my legs a bit. "Where are you anyway?"

She sighed. "I'm at my gynecologist. I seem to have lost my pills during my hissy rampage in the closet, so I'm here to get a refill and do a pelvic exam."

Hissy rampage? How fitting.

"Well, try not to have one of those outbursts, will you? I can handle only one every decade, just to let you know."

She made a laughing sound that made me smile a little.

"You spoil me too much. Once every decade? Oh, my..."

"I'd grow old and die faster the way you're treating me. I so deserve a vacation after this trip."

"We shall," she whispered. "Babe, I have to go. It's my turn now. Have a safe flight and please behave. I love you and will speak to you soon." She made a loud kissing noise before hanging up.

Bloody Hell. This three week business trip was going to drag. I could already tell.

~

"I heard you got married. Where's your wife?" A familiar looking woman, whose identity I couldn't pinpoint, greeted me with a welcoming smile.

"I did," I responded cordially as I nursed my whiskey. "She's back in England, finishing up her last year in University."

"That's great." She eyed my drink before smiling widely, showcasing her perfect whites. "It must be lonely to travel all by yourself, being married and all. It bars you from having fun."

"I'm too busy with work; fun isn't part of the agenda." Women! Why couldn't they just take the hint? When a man was married and not staring down at your arse or your bloody knockers, it was obvious you should try a different sort.

Finishing up my drink from the hotel bar, I left right after I tipped the barman and strode straight into the bank of elevators to take me to my penthouse suite.

I loved Sydney, but I was feeling all sorts of homesickness.

It had been two weeks since I had seen Sienna, and I had to admit my body craved a woman. It just so happened that the only woman I wanted was my wife. No one else could satisfy me the way she could.

It didn't take long until I was up in my suite, dragging my feet as exhaustion took over me.

I wasn't drunk after having three drinks, but I questioned myself when I found the very person I had just been thinking about standing in the living room, staring back at me.

"Sienna?" She seemed nervous, therefore I almost ran towards her, wondering if something was wrong. "Did something bad happen?"

"I had to Google you because I couldn't reach your cell phone," she wretchedly said with a pointed look. "Why did you tell me you were staying in a different hotel? Why did you lie?"

Christ. Not again. "Poppet, I've been all over Australia. I can't very well tell you correctly each and every one I've stayed at. I apologize if I gave you the wrong one. I swear on my honor that it was a pure, honest mistake."

She frowned. "Oh."

"Right. You can very well apologize to me now before I spank you for it." I was merely teasing, yet my cock twitched in response.

Hell, she had no idea how fucking lovely it was to see her. I had been ceaselessly dreaming about her, in and out of the bedroom.

She came to meet me before she fidgeted with her hands. "I'm sorry, I thought the worst-"

"Aren't we past this?"

She sighed before stepping closer to me. "You've been gone too long, and I can't stop thinking about you. I've missed you so much that I decided to come here, even though I shouldn't because I'd miss classes. I just needed an excuse to see you, I guess."

Pulling her close, I cupped her cheeks as I stared deeply into her eyes. "I love you, too."

It was absurd to be this desperate for the woman I was married to, however it was how I felt. Moreover, as embarrassing as it was to admit it even to myself, I couldn't fight the emotions that consumed me when it came to her. For her to even think for a second that I'd find a replacement to pass the time with was beyond troubling.

Kissing her was the highlight of my Australian trip. The takeovers didn't even come close to this kind of high.

"I'm late..." she momentarily whispered. "And I took an over the counter test."

Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, don't bloody stop talking, I almost said out loud before I frustratingly asked, "And?"

"I'm pregnant," she muttered before she started bawling. "I'm going to lose this one, too. It'll be like the last time. I didn't want to keep this information from you, but please don't hate me when I prove to be right."

Dio mio! "You're pregnant?" I grinned like there was no tomorrow. "Really and truly pregnant?"

"Idiot!" She slapped me lightly on the chest. "There's only one kind of pregnant. What the hell, Blake?"

I lifted her off the floor and spun her a little before I carried her towards the sofa and cradled her on my lap, loving every inch of her. My wife was pregnant. I couldn't rejoice enough.

"How far along are you?"

"A little over four weeks."

"Sex on the stairs worked like magic, I take it?" Happiness consumed me as I took her hand in mine and kissed her palm. "Don't you worry about anything, love. I'm going to take care of you. I won't be leaving your side until you've given birth to our baby."

"And after the baby? You're not dumping me, are you?"

I shrugged noncommittally. "Well, that depends..."

She playful hit my chest again before I kissed her senseless. "I would never leave you. Especially not now. Not when I can't function without you." It was true. "I might have to lessen my trips to a week if I can't take you with me. I can't stand being this far from you."

The soft, intimate mood was interrupted by the loud, growling sound of her belly.

"We're starving, in case you haven't heard." She made a sheepish grin. "Your baby's a little demanding."

It was a Knightly trait, one that would drive the mother a little crazy. In approximately eight months' time, our little bean would be ready to say hello to Mama and Papa.

Mrs. Knightly

Two weeks later

Blake

I went over to see Sienna at work. It was nine at night and I was suddenly consumed with this profound need to see her, even if it was from afar.

It had been two weeks since I had seen her last, when she had made a surprise visit to Australia. It would've been nice to come home to her waiting for me after being so far apart for so long, but she was busy with her studies and work. I respected that about her-that she still wanted to pave her way even though I had more money than Croesus, and she was more than welcome to do as she pleased. The woman was stubborn. She still paid her own shopping sprees and other stuff women enjoyed with her own money. The credit cards and the savings account I had opened for her remained untouched.

I had never thought I'd rue the day I wished a woman wasn't after my money. Regardless, this was not the case with my wife. It would've been nice if she took a little from me. Something was better than nothing. It merely proved she was highly independent and didn't need me at all. I wanted her to need me, though, like I needed her. However, my incessant nagging made her threaten me with not using any of the cards to decorate our baby's room. Subsequently, I took the hint and left her be.

Even in pregnancy, she was still gorgeous as ever, and my desire for her only burned brighter.

Life was the same, even though we were expecting. She continued to be quite active in all of her endeavors, and I admired her spirit, even though she was boggled with doubts about parenting. But with my assurance, we would cope together.

~

The next day...

It was a Saturday, and I noticed she was all geared up to head somewhere.

"Where are you headed to?"

"The farmers' market around Marylebone."

"Can I come?" I inquired lightly, hoping she'd say yes.

She looked doubtful. "Are you sure your multi-billion dollar empire can survive without you for a day?"

"A few hours won't make a difference, no need to worry."

She rolled her eyes before taking a recycled bag out of the drawer. "We need these."

"So, what do you plan to shop for? Eggplants and a few tomatoes?" I smirked, loving the whole domesticated exchange we were having. Who would've thought I'd be going to a farmers' market on a bloody Saturday? Surely my grandfather would be amused once I told him the story.

I strode over to her, lovingly memorizing her face. My wife. "I love you, Sienna." I just had to say it.

Every day, without fail, I'd tell her just how much she meant to me.

Baby Blues

Blake

We had just come back from a doctor's appointment where we saw how our baby was doing when Sienna started to cry like someone had died.

Cautiously closing the front door, I took a moment to look at her and wondered if this was purely hormonal or if it was much more than that.

"Cara?" I asked gently as I strode towards her.

Large tears streamed down her lovely face. "This is becoming all too real, and I'm scared, Blake. I'm fucking terrified."

I immediately went and held her, soothing her by smoothing down her hair as I softly told her comforting things. "We're not going to lose our baby, poppet. This one's a fighter. Trust me on this one."

She shook her head, truly inconsolable. "That's not what I meant. This child, with my luck... it's petrifying. Don't get me wrong, I love children. I'm just scared that the past will repeat itself and my child will be helpless like I was."

This was more about her, not the child per say. It was about her past experiences. Poor darling.

"Oh, Sienna..."

"I grew up frightened, Blake. Hiding from my aunt and uncle and my cousins became normal to me. I don't want that for my child. We could just die any day..." Her fears were visible in her eyes. She truly was terrified.

"I could die tomorrow, but I'm comforted by the fact that we have friends that will help you and the baby. Toby, Lucy, and Chad will do everything in their power to help raise our son or daughter."

She made a small hiccupping sound before she hugged onto me tighter. "I've been getting these weird, frightful dreams...

"I love you," she whispered, shaking a little with tears in her eyes. "I love you so much, a And the thought of losing you forever terrifies me more than you know. There are times that I'm distant. It's because of that reason. If I lose you, I'm going with you, Blake."

I was glad she was opening up to me about her fears. I had actually been starting to worry that she had easily accepted being pregnant without any major emotional upheaval. However, if I died tomorrow, I'd never forgive her if she decided to go with me.

"No, you won't. I won't let you." I sought her eyes. "You will move on and live a long, happy life. If it does happen, I would want you to find another man that loves you the way I have loved you. A man that's willing to put you ahead of his needs. I don't want to see you pining for me; I want you and the baby to have a happy, enriched life. That's why I'm working so hard to build a future for you both."

"How could you say that?" She was aghast at the thought of it. "If I died, I wouldn't want you to move on. I'm terrified about everything-the future, losing you. Maybe I'm just being hormonal, but I can't stop thinking about all these awful things that could happen to us."

I laughed, knowing she meant it. "I'd mourn you until I joined you..."

I never wanted to part with her. Even in death, I'd stay close by her side. And that was a promise.

The Beautiful Life

We had just found out that we were having a baby girl, and we were lounging on the couch, eating Chinese while we brainstormed baby names.

"How about Cara?" she suggested as she gobbled on the Lo Mein noodles, looking happily satisfied.

Definitely not. "I already call you cara as one of my endearments. I don't want our child to confuse herself whilst growing up."

She sighed before belching out loud. "Ooops. That seriously just came out of nowhere."

"Uh-huh," I said incredulously. "I guess the same goes with your gastrointestinal problem?"

She smacked my head with a pillow. "Hey, you were the one who asked for this baby, so back off with your little remarks, buddy."

I snorted, laughing out loud. "It's okay that you're gassy and you fart when you least expect it." I was referring to her "incident" at Stella and Callum's baby shower.

"Blake Knightly!" She reddened from embarrassment.

Bending over to kiss her burgeoning belly, I whispered to my daughter, "That, my dear love, is your mother. She's a tad wonky, but we're going to love her either way. But I'm warning you, she's quite a handful, this beautiful, gorgeous mother of yours."

"Mock me all you want," she said in a warning tone, "but I'm not giving you sex for a week. Now how's that for wonky?"

Bloody Hell. "I get hard when you lie, cara."

"Try me," she taunted.

"You bet your lovely arse I will. I'm going to devour you all night long."

THE END

