Chapter One

Keisha Jacobs would give up her favorite ratchet box wrench for the ability to reach through the phone and strangle the rich asshole on the other end of the line. However, the fact that such an action happened to be physically impossible was a blessing. Few things were as sparse around Jacobs Fine Furnishings as bail money.

But the bills? She surveyed the stack of envelopes filling the leopard print inbox on the corner of her office desk. Oh, there were plenty of them.

Unclamping her jaw before she broke a molar, Keisha sucked in a fortifying breath through her teeth. There. Much better. Sort of. "I don't care how much money you offer, Mr. Campos, Jacobs Fine Furnishings is not for sale."

"Everyone has a price." He delivered the comment with the honeyed voice of someone used to getting his way. Too bad for him she'd already fallen for that ploy. Once. With another smooth-talking uber-stud. All it had gotten her was an overpriced wedding dress and nowhere to wear it. "Not me and not this company."

Keisha slid her fingers across her laptop's built-in mouse pad. The screen flickered to life. She scrolled up The Harbor City Post's website to an old photo of a clean-shaven, square-jawed hottie in a tuxedo with a model-slash-actress-slash-singer type on each arm.

Figured.

Three's Company: Harbor City's bad boy billionaire, Gabe Campos, hits the town with two beauties for the annual Fashion Fights Hunger gala at the Harbor City Museum of Modern Art. Looks like he doesn't just have the Midas touch when it comes to money.

The article under the photo waxed on and on about how Campos relaxed by building furniture.

"Why don't you meet me, and we can discuss this in person?" Gabe's smooth voice slithered down her spine, tempting and oh so dangerous. "I can have my helicopter pilot fly down to Salvation, Virginia and bring you to Harbor City. We can chat about the acquisition over dinner. I'd love to finally see the face that goes with that Southern drawl."

She rolled her eyes at Gabe's image on her screen. "Do you think because I live in a small town that I'm a total noob?"

"I'm just trying to be friendly."

Keisha snorted. "No, you're trying to buy cheap."

"So you'd be willing to sell if I increased my offer?"

Man, this guy would not take no for an answer, and it was making her nuts. Six month of flirty negotiations coupled with his maddening stubbornness had her twitching in her seat. "Absolutely not."

"That's a problem." His voice turned from sticky sweet to flinty in a heartbeat.

"Not for me it's not," she retorted.

"It will be."

The dial tone buzzed in her ear before she could think of a better come back than, "Oh yeah?"

"Well, that sounded like it went well." Her best friend, Ellen, stood in the doorway still wearing her red-checked waitress uniform from The Kitchen Sink diner under an unzipped, thick winter coat. She held a white bakery box in her arms.

"Please tell me that's chocolate, because I need it." Keisha hung up the phone and let her chin drop to the desk. The giant poof of her natural ebony afro floated around her head like a force field.

"Yes." Ellen sauntered into Keisha's brightly lit office, her red uniform mixing in perfectly with the eclectic vibe and vibrant colors. "And I'm totally holding the cake hostage until you agree to weave your interior decorating magic on my place before you leave for the big city."

"Is it lava cake?" Keisha lifted her head and tried to read the small print on the side of the white box. Only the most delicious comfort food could make up for dealing with Gabe "I'm-Richer-Than-Bruce-Wayne" Campos any better. The man was a fucking silver-tonged, muscle-bound menace.

Ellen winked. "Oh yeah, baby."

Keisha sat up like someone had waved the green flag at the Talladega race track. "It's a deal."

"Wow, you didn't even put up a fight." Ellen sat down in the teal guest chair and unpacked two personal-sized cakes of chocolate goodness, plastic forks, and napkins. "You do remember what my place looks like? The fake wood paneling? The Virginia Hokies wallpaper in the bathroom? The lime green kitchen?"

"Yes, yes, and yes." Keisha sank her fork into the cake, and a river of gooey chocolate spilled out. "But I just hung up with Mr. Ego-the-Size-of-His-Bank-Account."

"Again? What is his deal? With all the money he's got, why would he be interested in a small business like Jacobs Fine Furnishings? No offense."

"None taken," Keisha said around a bite of lava cake. The moist cake on her tongue gave way to the decadent chocolate sauce hidden inside the bite, and her eyes almost rolled back in her head from the pleasure. "He gave some sort of cock and bull story about how he's a big Jacobs Fine Furnishings collector and has always wanted to be a part of the craft, so he figured buying the company was a way to do that."

The explanation had set off her bullshit meter faster than a Ferrari with nitro in the tank.

"Why not say yes to all that money?" Ellen asked.

"Because there's no way I'm going to be responsible for my dad having a second stroke. Once was enough. If the disaster of my broken engagement caused the stroke, what do you think selling Jacobs Fine Furnishings would do to his heart? We can't even get him to take a two week vacation, let alone sell the place. It took four months for him to agree to let my cousin, Tyrell, train to be his replacement. And that only happened because the doctor said he'd have another stroke within six months if he didn't get his stress level down."

Her dad had started the company in his parents' barn and had a knee-jerk aversion to anyone whose last name wasn't Jacobs running the family business. Any deal to sell was destined to fail-no matter how much money Gabe offered.

"I could never work with my mom." Ellen shook her head. "We'd kill each other within a week."

"Well, I won't be working with dad for much longer. Once I get the official job offer from Epson and Callahan Interior Design in Harbor City, I'm out of here, and this whole place becomes Tyrell's problem."

Finally. Her new life was about to start. She'd worked her ass off to pay her dues as an interior designer, and the idea of being single and free in the big city made her stomach fizzy with excitement. She loved her family, but at twenty-six, it was past time she handed over the sash for being Miss Responsible for Everyone Else.

"So when are you going to tell your dad?"

"Not until I have to. He's always had this dream of me taking over the family business. But I have other ideas."

"Gotta love it when a plan comes together." Ellen toasted her with a forkful of chocolate lava cake.

Unable to dissolve the nugget of worry that hung around her like a curse, Keisha shrugged. "Yeah, as long as it really does."

"Have faith. You may not always get what you want, but you do get what you need."

Keisha halted her fork halfway to her mouth. In their twenty-year friendship, Ellen had managed to mess up the words to almost every song they'd ever sang into their hairbrushes. "Are there any song lyrics you don't butcher?"

"Only the words to every sad sack country song out there about a man who loses a dog."

Of course. "You're a hot mess."

Ellen laughed. "Pretty much, but you love cleaning up messes, so you love hanging around me."

"No." Keisha devoured another bite. "I love you for the cake."

"Fair enough." Ellen polished off her cake and swiped a piece from Keisha's plate just as the phone rang.

Keisha stared at it, a swift uptick in her pulse making her cheeks heat up, but didn't make a move to answer. Could it be him? A mutinous part of her sure as hell hoped so.

"Don't tell me you are letting a call go to voicemail. Now that would be a first." Ellen delivered a melodramatic gasp. "The scandal."

"Oh shut up." She chewed the inside of her cheek. "It's probably Gabe Campos again, and I just can't deal with him any more today."

Would she have taken the call if she'd been alone in the office? Probably. Something about sparring with Gabe got her motor purring. It must be the novelty of telling someone no. That had to be it.

"I don't know, I've seen pictures..." Ellen's face took on a dreamy quality, and she sighed.

"Too bad his personality isn't as hot as he is," Keisha mumbled.

Ellen wriggled her eyebrows. "If you stopped spending all your free time fixing up that old bucket of bolts of yours and actually started dating again, you'd realize you don't sleep with their personality."

"You're so bad." Keisha tossed a crumpled napkin at her best friend. "And, anyway, working on my Thunderbird is the closest I get to a moment of Zen."

"Unless that moment comes with orgasms, you're missing out."

"I don't need a man for that." Still, Keisha snuck a glance at her laptop screen and the photo of Gabe.

Tall, muscular, and classically handsome, with warm, light brown skin that stood testament to his Hispanic heritage, she couldn't deny he was hot. But it was the hint of a cocky smolder behind his black-framed glasses that had her squeezing her thighs together and twisting in her seat.

Good thing Gabe was in Harbor City. A girl could only take so much temptation.

Chapter Two

After ten years and one billion dollars, lady luck had decided to give Gabe Campos the middle finger. And, possibly, frostbite.

He stepped onto the slushy surface of Highway Twenty-Eight outside of Salvation, Virginia, and an icy wind gust smacked him in the face. The arctic air carried fluffy snowflakes the size of quarters, turning his pristine glasses into opaque decoration. Then, after a few breaths of frosty air, icicles crystalized on his new short-trimmed beard. Of all the places for his car to finally sputter to a stop, it had to be on an abandoned stretch of highway miles away from the interstate and any sign of civilization.

All because of a weird combination of revenge, curiosity, and lust. Maybe his cousin Carlos was right-he had lost his mind.

Gabe flipped his wool coat's collar up to guard against the cold wind as best he could and wiped the fog off his glasses. He circled around to the car's front bumper. It took him a few tries to figure out the hood's clasp, but it finally gave way, and he popped open his Aston Martin Vanquish's snow-slick hood. He'd bought the sports car last week for two important reasons.

Number one, it went fast. Really. Really. Fast.

Number two, it was his favorite shade of red.

A car guy, he was not. A fact that became all too apparent as he stared at the AM11 engine, which was about as familiar and understandable to him as a ski lodge that didn't come with a live-in maid. He had grown up with money, but making a million before graduating high school tended to change a man's perspective-and his expectations.

Right about now, though, he'd happily give up the jet black Bentley parked in his garage back home in Harbor City for a second chance at the auto mechanic lessons his Uncle Julio had tried to give him as a teenager. But Gabe had assumed that with as much bank as he had, he didn't need to know how to change his oil. His uncle would get a good laugh out of this.

That was if-and it seemed like a big if-Gabe found shelter before the fast moving snow storm turned him into Frosty the Snowman. He rubbed his palms together hard enough to chafe them despite his leather driving gloves. The pain was worth it for the little bit of heat the move garnered-just like his plan.

Revenge didn't come without a little heartburn. Sure, a few people may lose their jobs, but Gabe had sworn a vow that Dell Jacobs would lose a lot more. No matter the weather, it was time to see his promise through.

He slammed the car's hood down and shoved his hands into his pockets. The interstate was closer than Salvation, but the solitary, two-pump gas station he'd passed coming off the exit ramp had already closed down for the night. The town ahead had to have something open despite the worsening weather. He hesitated and looked up at the gray sky.

Conventional wisdom said to wait out a storm in your car until help arrived, but he hadn't seen any sign of life for more than an hour. The town of Salvation lay a few miles down the road. Ten tops. After completing three Ironman competitions, he should be able to do that distance in his sleep. Even with the snow.

Gabe glanced back one last time at the car before grinning and pulling out a wool hat from his pocket. He'd never followed conventional wisdom before. Why in the hell would he start now?

It only took half an hour of slugging through snow before he'd called himself every word for idiot, moron, and douchebag he could think of in the eight languages he spoke fluently. In an effort to keep his mind off of the wind, the sleet, the misery, and the sheet of ice forming on his mustache, he started in on the languages he only knew a little.

"Idiota." That took care of Portuguese.

He trudged forward, his Italian dress shoes sliding whenever he hit an icy patch, which seemed to be every other breath.

"Mjinga." And Swahili.

A frigid blast stole the Swedish translation out of his mouth. Since he'd left his car along the side of the road and begun this half-baked trek, enough snow had fallen that his ankles were soaked. He'd kept to the center of the road, the snowdrifts making it hard to figure out where the highway ended and the shoulder began. The last thing he needed was to fall ass-first into a mound of snow because he'd misjudged. Again.

Wasn't that just typical of his life lately?

If he hadn't been so overly confident in his ability to steal Jacobs Fine Furnishings from under Dell Jacobs' nose, he wouldn't have made the drive from Harbor City to Salvation in three hours less time than his GPS had predicted. Right in time to be stranded on the side of the road in a blizzard. Because the boy genius, as the Harbor City Times had called him a few years ago, didn't take advice from anyone. Not even electronic direction givers.

Who the hell was he kidding? Sixty percent of the reason he was trudging through the icy muck was so he could finally see Keisha Jacobs in the flesh after battling her via phone for months. The low resolution photos he'd found of her online hadn't sated his curiosity. They were small and fuzzy, not to mention she was always hiding in the background. Still, he wasn't the kind of man to let a question go unanswered, even if that meant driving to small town America when he could have issued his ultimatum via certified letter.

Up ahead, a neon sign flickered, and he stumbled toward it.

The Fix 'Er Up Auto Shop sign glowed yellow one hundred yards ahead, the light acting as a beacon as the snow swirled fast and furious around him. The cold air burned the inside of his nose, but he'd stopped shivering as violently. Not a good sign.

Snow mixed with icy sleet soaked his socks. He wriggled his toes, noting he could only feel six of the ten. Refusing to give up, he dug deep for the survival instincts he normally only used in the boardroom and shuffled forward.

He was practically at the auto shop's glass double doors before he realized he'd arrived. If his blood wasn't half frozen in his veins, he would have fist pumped the air in celebration. As it was, he didn't push the door so much as collapse against it.

The door didn't budge.

God, he was an arrogant asshole. He should have stayed in the damn car and waited out the storm.

"Too little, too late numb nuts," he said, the words escaping from between his chattering teeth.

In an act of impotent frustration, he wrapped his stiff fingers around the metal bar used to open the door and banged it back and forth, hoping the lock would give.

It didn't.

But a light snapped on.

A person emerged from a back room and strode toward the door. Man? Woman? Alien? He couldn't tell by the outline since he, she, or it was backlit, but he didn't care as long as they opened the damn door. Relief thawed out some of the ice in his veins. The person flipped on the light in the shop's lobby.

A woman.

Tall.

Curvy.

Black.

Giant afro.

Crowbar in hand.

She stopped three feet from the door and eyed him warily.

"Please," he shouted against the glass. "Let me in."

Ten very long seconds later, the door opened, and he stumbled inside, warmly welcomed by the auto shop's heater, if not the woman wearing grease-covered coveralls.

Keeping a tight grip on the crowbar, Keisha gave the man a once over. Wet, a wool cap pulled low, a beard covering the bottom half of his face, and covered in snow, he looked more like Jack Frost than the kind of moron who went for a walk in a blizzard. So much for spending the evening elbow deep in grease while she brought her baby, a 1955 Ford Thunderbird, back to life.

There would be hell to pay if the abominable snowman dripping all over the lobby floor turned out to be a burglar. The guy was tall, at least half a foot bigger than her five-feet six-inches-not counting her hair-broad shouldered, and shivering as much as a Southern Belle in a bikini at the North Pole.

If he was up to no good, he picked a shitty night to try to rob the auto shop. The owner, Hud, had taken the cash and receipts to the bank hours ago.

"Th-th-thank you for letting me in." Even through his cold stutter, there was no missing that he was an out-of-towner.

Big city accent. Perfectly groomed beard and mustache, both of which matched his chocolate-brown wool cap. Ruined shoes that had probably cost more than her monthly rent. The brightest aquamarine eyes she'd ever seen, so brilliant that they almost glowed against his dark olive complexion. Even with his skin tinted blue, he presented a package that would have girls sighing all over the county.

Yeah, if he was local, she would have found an excuse to meet him a long time before he showed up half frozen in the middle of what passed for a blizzard in Virginia. Still, who went for a walk during a snow storm? "What were you doing out there on a night like this?"

"My c-c-car broke down." He crossed his arms and rubbed his palms up and down his biceps.

The man tried to cover it, but she could see his teeth chattering, and if the tip of his nose got any more red, she'd have to call him Rudolph. Her gut hitched, but her granny would smack her with a wooden spoon if Keisha failed to offer some Southern hospitality to someone so obviously in need.

"Come on, let's get you out of your clothes."

He quirked an eyebrow.

Heat steamed up from her toes. My, her foot sure was tasty tonight.

"I'll grab some mechanic's coveralls for you before you make more of a mess on the floor. Hud's gonna kill me as it is for even letting you in to his shop." She took a few steps down the hall toward the garage, spurred on by the embarrassment burning her cheeks. "You can change in the-"

The lights flickered.

Keisha's pulse skyrocketed.

The florescent bulbs in the ceiling buzzed and came back on in full force.

Thank God. Being stuck in the dark in the middle of a snow storm with a stranger while she hyperventilated was not her idea of a good time.

"You can change in the break room, and I can take you up to my apartment above the shop afterward for something warm to eat. The break room is right over-"

Darkness engulfed the auto shop.

It wasn't so black she couldn't see her hand in front of her face, but the man was a blob of an outline lit only by the red haze of the emergency lighting. Sucking in a deep breath, she swallowed past the panic that dark or confined spaces always ignited. She tightened her grip on the crowbar until the metal bit into her palm. "Please tell me you're not a serial killer."

"If I did, would you believe me?" His voice sounded closer in the dim light.

Keisha yanked the crowbar up, holding it like a baseball bat. She may have been a soft touch for the little match boy and let him inside, but she was not going down like that.

"I'm kidding." He stepped back, and it looked like he raised his hands, palms forward. "Shit, sorry, I have the weirdest sense of humor. I'm an asshole."

She eyeballed him as best she could. Her dad might tease her about being too trusting, but nothing about the stranger set off her I'm-about-to-die-and-have-my-murder-made-into-a-Lifetime-movie alarm bells. "What's your name?"

"Gabe. Gabe Campos."

Shock loosened her grip, and she almost dropped the crowbar. "What is this, some kind of setup? What the fuck are you doing here?"

He took a step back, keeping his hands up like she was about to mug him. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"Oh really?" Even though she couldn't see him, she could practically taste the lie in the darkness. He'd probably just rolled around in the snow after stepping out of a stretch limo to make it look good when he banged on the door. "You just happened to get stuck in the storm. You just happened to decide to take your chances walking on the road when anyone with half a lick of sense knows to shelter in place? You just happened to seek refuge from the storm at Fix 'Er Up?"

He stopped under an emergency light on the wall. The red glow was enough to see the soft, cautious smile he wore like a shield. It was the kind of smile people used with territorial dogs and overly tired children so they wouldn't go totally berserk. "Um...yeah."

"I should throw you back out on your ass." The nerves pulled taut throughout her body screamed for her to do just that. This time, he'd crossed the line.

"Look, I don't know who you think I am, but-"

"I know exactly who you are. You're the asshole trying to put my father out of business."

The defensive smile slid from his face, replaced by wide eyes and a slack jaw. "Keisha Jacobs? You look different than the crappy picture on the company website."

So did he. The tabloid picture hadn't done him justice-even in the dim lighting and his new beard.

"If it's not a setup, what are you doing in Salvation?"

"Right now?" He grinned. "Freezing my ass off."

Damn it, no matter her threats to do so, there was no way she'd make him go back out there. She'd been raised with better home training than that. But that didn't mean she had to like it.

"There's a break room over there." She pointed to a closed door on the other side of the lobby. "I'll get you dry coveralls to change into."

"Hey, Keisha, thanks for letting me in."

"Don't get too comfortable. I still might change my mind. Let me give you a flashlight." As familiar with Fix 'Er Up as she was with her own interior design business or her father's manufacturing facility, she strode over to the counter and opened the bottom drawer. She pulled out two large flashlights and handed one to Gabe.

The flashlights didn't banish all of the shop's gloom, but the narrow beam of light sure slowed her heartbeat down to a steady beat. "I'll meet you in the break room."

He gave her a small salute and walked in the opposite direction from the main garage where she was headed.

It took a couple of minutes to find a clean pair of gray coveralls that looked like they'd fit, but she'd finally located some in the supply room. Just in case, she grabbed the First Aid Kit and one of the towels Hud used to protect a car's interior if he was working inside the vehicle. Better to be safe than sorry.

Taking a quick glance at her reflection in the Thunderbird's shiny bumper, she pinched her cheeks and puffed her 'fro. Not that she cared what she looked like. It was habit. Really. Ignoring the twinge in her conscience, she hurried back into the lobby and strode to the closed break room door. She tapped her knuckles three quick times against the wood and turned the doorknob.

"I think this will-" The rest of the sentence died on her lips.

Gabe stood in the middle of the break room with his shirt off and his jeans unbuttoned. With his fly halfway down, the denim clung for dear life to his hips. The flashlight threw shadows across his bare, muscular chest, but there was no missing his well-defined abs or the brown happy trail drawing her gaze farther down than she had a right to look. But look she did, because he was damn fine, and it had been a long, long time since she'd seen something so yummy. Her tongue stuck to the roof of her mouth, and she gave up any pretense of being a normal human being who'd had sex in the past six months.

"Thanks." He held out his hand. When she didn't move, he grinned. "Or I can stay like this. I'm feeling a lot warmer now."

Chapter Three

Dressed in scratchy gray coveralls, Gabe tried to get the lay of the land from what his flashlight's weak beam illuminated. All he could see were flashes of off-white wall, laminate flooring, and old hunting magazines on a worn coffee table. "So, you live here?"

Keisha didn't bother to slow her pace as she led the way through the dim auto shop. "Not everyone in the world lives in a penthouse, you know."

He didn't need the light to imagine the dirty look she was probably giving him. Fuck. Why did he always say the wrong thing around her? It happened on the phone, too. He just couldn't stop himself. So much for being Mr. Smooth. If the tabloids could see him now, they'd be eating this shit up.

"That's not how I meant it. It just..." He struggled for the right words. "...seems a little odd for you to live above an auto body shop."

She jerked to a stop and whirled around, her hand planted on her round hip, and shot him a glare, made even more intimidating by the way the narrow light from her flashlight played off her high cheekbones. "Why? Because I'm a girl?"

Damn. He had sisters. He knew what that look meant. He gulped.

"That's not-"

"What you meant." She snorted. "Of course not, because that would be totally sexist bullshit."

He opened his mouth but clamped it shut before he could say anything else that would get him in even more shit.

Keisha quirked one eyebrow, the look on her face daring him to say something. Anything.

Fuck, the whole badass chic vibe she threw was hot.

What is wrong with you, Campos? She's just another girl. You've charmed the pants off more of those than you can count.

Gabe took a deep breath and pushed his glasses up from where they'd slipped down his nose. "Can we start over?"

"Why?" She jutted her hip out, accentuating her generous, hourglass curves.

He almost swallowed his tongue.

"Because I have a serious medical condition." Gabe shook his head ruefully. "It's called foot-in-mouth disease. I've donated half my fortune to finding a cure, but until the scientists do, I will continue to say stupid things when it's really the last thing in the world I want to do."

She arched one eyebrow and pursed her cherry-stained lips. "Does that line ever actually work?"

"I'll let you know in a minute." He held his breath, waiting on the outcome, trying to ignore the little voice telling him he cared too much about her next words.

Keisha shook her head, and her afro did a shimmy wave, echoing the movement. "You're crazy."

Relief whooshed through him. "That's what they told me when I wanted to invest in Tesla, but after I got to drive an early test model, I couldn't not sink some money into it."

"You got to drive a Tesla? I heard it performs like a dream." Her voice vibrated with excitement, and she took a step closer.

Shit. A car girl. Of course, it was the one thing he knew jack shit about. He racked his brain for something to say. "It was pretty cool taking it around the track. It has this crazy thing where the car is speeding around the raceway, but it's totally silent. It'll be the electric car that will really get American drivers on the gas-free road." Oh yeah, that sounded like something a semi-intelligent fifth grader would mumble.

She flipped around and started up a set of stairs. "You know a lot about cars?"

Fuck, no.

"Only enough to know where the key goes in the ignition." Following behind her on the narrow staircase, he couldn't help but admire the view illuminated by his single-bulb flashlight. Some parts of his anatomy were definitely defrosting faster than others. "But I know a good thing when I see it."

Her footsteps paused.

His stomach sank. "So I take it you like cars?" The words rushed out of his mouth before she could lock him back out in the cold.

"What gave it away? The fact that I live above a garage or the grease on my overalls?"

Damn, the woman did not give an inch. He liked that almost as much as how her loose-fitting coveralls gave the barest outline of her high, round ass with each step she took up the stairs. "My brilliant powers of deduction?"

"Uh-huh." She halted and opened a door at the top of the small landing. "Come on in. Welcome to the Fix 'Er Up penthouse."

He stood in the doorway as her flashlight beam traveled around the room, shining on brightly colored knickknacks and pillows before landing on a brick hearth.

"We're lucky this building was a house before Hud's family bought it and converted it into an auto shop, otherwise we'd be stuck shivering in the break room."

He followed her voice until they were both within the combined glow of their flashlights. A small stack of logs formed a pyramid inside the fireplace. They both grabbed for the pile of newspapers at the same time, each ending up with one end of the front page. The light played off her mocha-colored skin, making it seem like it shimmered. She looked up, and he nearly fell into the depths of her big brown eyes. The sense of excitement that crawled up his spine whenever he was about to close a big deal hit him with full force.

The unexpectedness of it all coldcocked him.

"Sorry," he croaked and released the paper as if it were on fire.

The newspaper fluttered to the floor between them. Keisha's expressive eyes darkened, and she gulped.

"No worries." All the brass in her tone had softened into a breathy half sigh.

Expectation hung in the air between them.

In the chill of her tiny, dark apartment it seemed as if all the months of back and forth on the phone had been building up to this moment. She parted her full, red lips slightly, and her teeth grazed the juicy bottom lip. The need to kiss her barreled through him like a living, breathing thing. The reaction surprised him so much he dropped his flashlight.

The plastic tube banged against her floor and rolled until it thunked against something hard and came to rest a few feet away. Keisha blinked and straightened before setting her flashlight on the hearth. "Here, you make the kindling. I'll grab some candles." She hustled out of their circle of light.

And that fast, he was sitting alone in the dark wondering for the first time in years what it would be like to kiss a girl. Not about a no-strings fuck between friends. Not about a blow job in the limo. Not about a quickie after a night at the clubs.

Just what it would be like to kiss her.

The logs in the hearth crackled as the blaze grew, casting waving shadows across Keisha's tiny living-slash-dining room. The apartment above the garage wasn't spacious or modern, but it had a big brick fireplace that threw out enough heat to keep the cold at bay. Not that Keisha needed any help in that department with Gabe nearby.

The man had her running hotter than an engine without oil. If she didn't watch it, pretty soon she'd combust. Standing in the kitchen doorway, holding two steaming drinks, she barely felt the heat on her palms.

Gabe sat in front of the fire, holding his hands out to the flames. The firelight highlighted the warm brown of his hair and reflected off his glasses, blocking her from seeing the brilliant blue of his eyes. Her stomach flip-flopped. He'd almost kissed her earlier, she was sure of it. And she'd wanted him to.

Badly.

Anticipation and trepidation at the thought of standing next to him again went skipping through her, leaving her body confused and wanting. He was an arrogant, cocky billionaire too used to getting his way and the last person who should get her this hot and bothered. Still, her brain knowing that and her body accepting it were two very different things.

Oh God, what if Ellen was right? Had she been spending too much time with muscle cars instead of muscled men?

Fact was she couldn't unsee his hard abs. Some things stuck with a girl and made her remember that battery operated boyfriends were good...but not the same.

Get your big girl panties on, K. You can make it through an evening of chit-chat with a hot, rich dude without embarrassing yourself.

Pep talk had, she raised her chin and straightened her shoulders. "I made you a hot toddy." As she walked out of the kitchen into the living room, steam wafted up from the mason jar filled three-fourths full of warm, amber liquid.

A deep V formed in the middle of his forehead. "I'm not much of a drinker."

She crossed over to him and sat down on the opposite side of the four-feet-wide area rug. "Don't worry, my granny taught me to mellow out the bourbon with ginger ale and a lemon slice."

"How can I say no to your granny?" The grin that curled his lips managed to be both sweetly charming and panty-melting at the same time. The man was a one-thousand-horse-power, V-8, twin turbo engine of trouble.

"You wouldn't say no, at least not to her face." She giggled, picturing her five-foot-nothing granny, who ruled her house with an iron grip and cooked nearly everything in bacon grease, much to the delight of the mangy mutts in the neighborhood. She wrapped the mason jar in a hand-stitched, flour-sack hand towel so he wouldn't burn his still defrosting fingers, then handed it to him.

Never losing eye contact with her, he took a hardy drink. Keisha waited a beat. As expected, his eyes widened enough that she could almost see the whites all around his spectacular blue irises. A flush bloomed in his tan cheeks. A series of sputtering coughs wracked his broad shoulders and had him nearly doubled over.

"Whoa," he croaked once he'd gotten his breath back. "That's the mellow version?"

"Don't ever take one my dad made." She winked. "He doubles the bourbon."

"I'll remember that." He sat down on the hand-tufted wool rug, the blue of its medallions almost matching the color of his eyes, and took a cautious sip of the hot toddy.

Instead of a coughing fit, this time he sighed and relaxed against the base of her lemon yellow, overstuffed chaise lounge. The auburn streaks in his nearly dried, dark brown hair shined in the firelight, and the spare mechanic's coveralls fit like they'd been tailored just for him. Her mouth went dry, and she shot back a gulp of her hot toddy. Even though she'd been raised on the stuff, it still burned its way down her throat. The pain helped bring her back from the edge of late-night-pay-per-view-movie fantasyland.

"I like your place."

"Thanks." She glanced around the studio apartment with the critical eye of a stranger. Aubergine colored walls. Art deco lamps and crisp, modern end tables. Stacks of books about interior decorating and architecture filled the floor-to-ceiling bookshelf. It may not be as fancy as Gabe's house probably was, but it was home, and she loved it. "I hate to be leaving it."

"You're moving?"

"Maybe." She pressed the heel of her hand against her stomach in an attempt to squelch her nerves. "I'm waiting to hear back about a job."

He leaned forward. "What kind?"

Only her dream job. "An interior design position at Epson and Callahan Interior Design in Harbor City."

As soon as the formal offer came in, fingers crossed, she'd leave Salvation for the big city. It would be the first time in a decade she wouldn't be responsible for anyone but herself. She'd helped her mother take care of her father after his stroke, helped run his furniture business, and been the responsible party of the Jacobs family since before she'd graduated high school.

No more arguing with her dad about non-budgeted purchases. No more pulling him off the manufacturing floor and back behind the desk where he belonged, according to Dr. Sorenson. No more building furniture when all she wanted to do was put the finished product in the perfect spot. In three days, her cousin, Tyrell, would finish up his probationary employment at Jacobs Fine Furnishings and become the unofficial heir to the business her father had started, keeping it all in the family just like her father wanted. She was so close to freedom, she could taste it in the air.

The rest of her life was about to begin, and she couldn't wait.

Gabe held up his mason jar. "For good luck."

"Thanks." They clinked glasses. "I need it."

"I doubt that."

His words couldn't be more innocuous, but something in the low rumble of his voice and the look in his aquamarine eyes made her stomach float up like she was speeding down a curvy mountain road with her Thunderbird's top down.

She needed space STAT. "I'm gonna make some sandwiches." The words poured out as she scrambled up. "Hud will be here in the morning and can tow your car back to the shop and get you set to rights." Proud her voice shook just the littlest bit while her insides were a jumbled mess, she backed into the galley kitchen.

"The snow won't keep him from coming in?" Gabe asked from the living room a moment later.

"He drove the tow truck home tonight. I don't think it will be a problem." She glanced out the window over the sink. "Anyway, it looks like it's slowing down."

Which was a good thing-she sucked in a deep breath-even though it didn't feel like one.

Chapter Four

Two hours later, Gabe couldn't blame the second hot toddy or his near brush with becoming a human popsicle for the fact he couldn't stop staring at Keisha's mouth as she told funny stories about her grandma and gave him shit for his lousy card-playing skills. Too entranced by her soft, full lips to pay attention to the cards in his hand, he was five hundred in the hole on the score sheet. And, for once, he didn't care that he was getting his ass handed to him.

Her mouth was that unbelievably sexy. When she talked. When she smiled. When she nibbled on her bottom lip before taking a drink from the amber liquid in her mason jar. Maybe he had frostbite of the brain, or maybe it was the intimacy of playing cards by firelight with a warm, bourbon-flavored buzz vibrating through his system, but he couldn't stop wondering what it would be like to kiss her. Or imagining how the hot toddy would taste on her pink tongue. Or speculating if her shimmery skin was as soft as he imagined.

Frostbite of the brain. Had to be.

Gabe tossed back a gulp of his hot toddy, the burn dulled by what he'd already drank and the fire ignited by the woman before him.

His Good Samaritan.

The one who'd saved him from the storm.

His enemy's daughter.

The last person he should be thinking very unpure thoughts about.

He'd stop. He would. Soon.

Before they'd started this doomed game of cards at the small table off to the side of the fireplace, she'd emerged from her bedroom in a pair of black yoga pants, a hot pink, long-sleeved T-shirt, and an oversized, gray cardigan. It should have screamed lounging at home. It didn't. It hollered: Sex goddess. He shifted on the hard wood chair to unobtrusively readjust his suddenly tight pants. He'd been semi-hard for going on an hour now, and his zipper had to be making a permanent imprint.

As Keisha considered the cards in her hand, she tugged the sleeves of the thick wool sweater, pulling it taut across her full tits. If she'd been one of his regular dates, he'd assume it was a calculated move, but not with Keisha. There was just something different about her from the glamazons who catwalked through his little black book, like she wasn't looking for someone with an oversized bank account to take care of her in a style to which she would grow accustomed.

Keisha's face lit up. "Rummy!" She slapped down her cards on the table.

He looked down at the mess of non-matching and nonlinear cards in his hand and then at the piles of runs and three-of-a-kinds laid out in neat stacks in front of her. "I think I've been hustled."

"Damn straight." She laughed, a sound that did more to warm him than the hot toddy ever had.

"You distracted me." He swept the cards into a pile and started to shuffle. What was it his mom always said about idle hands?

She laughed and relaxed back against the silver painted wood chair. "Oh yeah? With what, my charming story about granny and the dogs who stole the tennis balls off her walker when she left it on the front porch?"

He snorted. "No, but that was pretty damn funny. With those." He pointed to the foot-high, half-dressed, ceramic elves making out on her mantle.

"Those are the most G-rated ones, too. You should see the other ones my friend, Ellen, gave me for Christmas." Keisha hid her eyes behind her hand as she shook her head.

"Okay. Let's see them."

She peeked at him through her fingers. "I don't know. They aren't exactly fit for public."

Embarrassed or not, there was something about those elves that made her laugh. And Gabe wanted to know everything that made her laugh. Hell, he wanted to be the one to make her laugh next. "You just kicked my ass in rummy. I'm not used to losing, you gotta give me something."

Keisha dropped her hands to the table and tapped out a beat on the oak with her cherry red nails, eyeing him with that same assessing look she'd given him through the glass door when he'd been outside freezing his balls off. Uncertainty burbled to the surface. Too pushy? Too whiney? Possibly, but he'd risk it. He was a man who saw the advantage and went for it. Second guessing was not his style.

"And what you really want to look at is at my elves?" She arched an eyebrow. "That's a first."

He didn't doubt it. "What are you trying to imply?" The hard-on pressing against his zipper had a damn good idea.

"Not a thing." She pushed her chair away from the table and stood up. "Come on, I'll give you the penny tour and show you just how bad my friend's taste in elves is."

Keisha tried to maintain a blase attitude about the set of five Good Time Smexy Elves that Ellen had found online, but she couldn't keep the embarrassed giggle out of her voice. Of course, Gabe didn't have that problem. He picked up each cavorting pair and eyed it as if it were a precious Degas instead of an offering to the altar of all that is tacky.

God knew what kind of website Ellen had been trolling when she discovered the lusty ceramics. For the entirety of their twenty-year friendship, Ellen had loved shoving Keisha out of her sheltered comfort zone. She'd scored big with this Christmas gift.

Keisha wasn't just out of her zone, she was out of her regular orbit.

"Are you a big elf collector?" Gabe sat the last set of elves down on the coffee table, right next to the latest copy of Interior Living Today.

"God, no." She couldn't miss the teasing glint in his blue eyes or the way sitting next to him on the chaise lounge sent tingles of excitement ricocheting through her body like she'd just inhaled a whole package of Pop Rocks. "Ellen just likes to give me a hard time."

"I can see why. You're pretty cute when you blush." He brushed his finger across her cheek and dipped his head close to hers. "I've spent the whole night wanting to kiss you. Tell me you've been thinking about it, too."

Keisha's breath caught, but not before she inhaled his scent, a teasing mix of sandalwood, fresh snow, and dangerous destiny. She should say no. She wasn't that girl who made out with a stranger. She was the girl in the church choir as her granny expected. She was the one who baked a week's worth of dinners for her parents and loaded up their freezer with them every Sunday night. She was prim and proper and everything that made her family proud.

But she didn't want to be that girl tonight.

She wanted more.

She wanted to be Keisha.

"Yes." She didn't wait for him to make a move. Heart thundering in her ears, she-the most cautious person in her family-threw it all to the wind.

Her lips covered his, her tongue sliding across the seam of his mouth and tasting the hot toddy's ginger ale-tinged kick. Their tongues tangled as she leaned forward into the kiss, devouring him like a long-denied dessert. She opened her mouth, and his tongue swept inside, teasing and tempting her.

But she was done with denial.

Pivoting, she laid her palms against his broad shoulders and pressed him back against the overstuffed chaise lounge. She slid her fingers up the cool, brass-colored zipper holding his coveralls closed, the metal teeth rough against her fingertips. As soon as she pinched the metal tab between her fingers, uncertainty yanked her out of the moment.

This was crazy.

The short hair of his beard tickled her jaw as his lips traveled across her sensitive skin to connect with the spot where her jaw met her earlobe. A spot that, until this moment, she hadn't realized had a direct line to her clit.

This was amazing.

She straddled his lap, her yoga pants proving to be more of an enticement than a barrier. God, she hadn't made out fully clothed on the couch like a teenager since-well, since she was one. But it wasn't enough. She needed more.

Keisha rocked her hips, gliding herself against his hardness. Wanton. Demanding. Necessary to keep the itch from driving her crazy. "I want to touch you."

"The feeling's mutual." His words tickled the side of her neck as he worked his way south, pushing her comfiest cardigan off her shoulder.

Goose bumps popped up on her newly exposed skin, but it wasn't because of the cool air. Gabe's lips grazing her shoulder as he slid aside the straps of her tank top and bra took full credit for her body's reaction. Her nipples peaked, pushing against her red satin bra and demanding attention. Her body revved like a finely tuned race car during the Brickyard 400.

For the first time since her broken engagement, she wanted to be with a man. This man. Right now. In the morning, she might well blame it all on the strange circumstances brought about by the snow storm, but tonight wasn't about tomorrow. She tugged the coveralls zipper down, revealing a mile of toned muscle, and slid her hand inside.

Gabe threw back his head as his fingers dug into her hips, pulling her hard against the large bulge still hidden underneath the mechanic's uniform. His heated response emboldened her as her own warmth soaked her panties.

Keisha scratched her short nails through the coarse hair across his pecs, her core quaking when he moaned his approval. "I'm going to ride you so hard you might regret seeking shelter here."

"If you don't, I'm gonna need to go back out and throw myself into a snowbank just to cool off."

She reached down between them and stroked his hard dick through the baggy coveralls. "You feeling overheated?" Her hand almost circled his covered girth as she moved her hand up and down.

"Fuck me," he groaned.

"That's exactly what I intend to do."

In the next breath, the radio blared to life, the lights snapped on, and her landline rang, piercing her bliss. She blinked as her eyes adjusted to the sudden onslaught. Sometime between his lips on the base of her throat and his fingers inching up her shirt, the power had returned, blasting reality into the room. She did not want to stop now, but ignoring a call wasn't in her make up.

She pushed against Gabe's hard chest. "I have to get it."

He gave the sweet spot at the base of her neck a quick kiss that liquified her body, then he sat up. Desire darkened his eyes, turning her from warm to molten. It took everything she had not to blow off whoever was on the other end of the line. But...she grabbed the phone off the end table.

"Hello?"

"Hey, Baby Girl." Her father's voice had a tightness that set off every alarm bell she had. "Are you sitting down? Something's happened."

Chapter Five

The view from her kitchen window would have been beautiful if last night's phone call hadn't turned her mood as sour as expired milk.

It looked like a holiday commercial or a Christmas card out there. The morning sun's rays glittered off the fresh hills of snow, giving the icy, top layer a diamond-like appearance. The sky, so gray and angry the day before, had disappeared, replaced by a brilliant, cloudless blue. At any moment, she expected a snowman that talked like Burl Ives to round the corner and break out into song. Instead, the only sound was the crunch of trucks clearing the last of the snowpack from the highways. Just another day in Salvation.

Except it wasn't.

The delicious man-the one who was hell-bent on buying her family's business whether her father wanted to sell or not-stood behind her in the kitchen, brewing coffee that had her whole apartment smelling like a Starbuck's. She'd almost slept with him. And if her father hadn't brought reality crashing in on her last night, there would be no almost about it.

Way to go, K. Now wouldn't that have been just perfect?

Add to that mess the fact that the only thing keeping her from going to jail for murdering her cousin was her intense aversion to every shade of orange. Well, that and the fact that Tyrell had high-tailed it out of town as soon as he dropped the bomb that he was moving to Key West. Once she got her hands on him, she was going to put a conch somewhere delicate and very painful.

She glanced down at her phone and the e-mail from her soon-to-be-cursed cousin that she'd received at six this morning. Lifelong dream of being a diving instructor. Blah. Blah. Blah. Opportunity I couldn't pass up. Blah. Blah. Blah. Knew she'd understand.

Oh she understood all right. She was never getting out of Salvation because someone had to stay here to set things at Jacobs Fine Furnishings straight. And, as usual, that someone was her. Big fucking shocker there.

"Everything okay?" Gabe handed her a steaming cup of heaven liberally doused with cream to replace the empty one in her hands.

"Thanks." She took a sip and couldn't help but close her eyes in ecstasy. "Depends on your definition of okay."

"The Oxford American English one?"

Once again dressed in his own clothes, Gabe looked out of place in her tiny apartment. In the light of day, his style screamed money bags with his high-end designer sweater and the jeans from a store that didn't even have a place for a discount rack. Rich and privileged, she was not. She was boho chic with oversized fake fur fox scarves and an afro that even a wind tunnel couldn't dent.

They weren't two sides of the same coin, they were completely different currencies.

Last night had been an anomaly. A one-time occurrence. With her life, she couldn't afford play time with the rich and famous-especially when the billionaire in question wanted nothing more than to buy the family business. She couldn't let that happen. It would kill her dad.

The diesel thunder of a tow truck engine announced Hud's arrival. Peeking out of the window, she spotted Fix 'Er Up's owner getting out of the truck armed with a rarely-used snow blower and wearing a bright red baseball cap adorned with the Salvation Devils high school football team logo.

"Looks like your ride's here." She nodded toward the window.

Gabe kept his blue eyes focused only on her. "I'd like to do this again some time."

Bittersweet didn't begin to cover it. This whole situation was as shitty as a crap car held together with Duct tape. But that didn't change anything. So instead of shoving the tall drink of Hottie McAbs into her bedroom so they could finish what they'd started last night, she smirked. Nothing covered up disappointment like distance and distain.

"You want to almost freeze to death in a freak snow storm in an area where the first flake sends folks to the grocery store for all the bottled water and canned goods on the shelves?"

"No." He settled his hands on her shoulders and turned her until she faced him head-on, sending frissons of awareness crackling across her skin. "I want to see you again."

It was too much, too soon with the totally wrong guy. "I don't think so."

"Why?"

Because she'd been down the bad boy path before, and it had ended with her returning a bazillion unopened wedding gifts and explaining to her family why their perfect almost son-in-law wasn't perfect for her. But she wasn't about to hang her dirty laundry on the line for him to see.

She back-stepped out of his grasp. "My life just got really complicated, and I don't have time for a meaningless fling with someone obsessed with buying my family's business, which, by the way, we do not want to sell."

"Ouch." His lips disappeared into a straight line hidden by his mustache and beard.

He rubbed the short hairs, and she could almost feel the scratch of his beard against the curve of her shoulder. Her nipples hardened at the flashback, and she fisted her hands tight enough that her nails bit into her palms. Time to nip this shit in the bud before her resolve drowned a slow death in his blue eyes.

"Sorry, that came out rougher than it should have, but I know all about you and your reputation." She chewed the inside of her cheek. "I've read the papers, seen you on TV. You're not someone I'm interested in."

His body stiffened. "That didn't seem to be the case last night."

Her palms turned clammy, and her stomach did that floaty, shimmy thing again. Refusing to let on, she shrugged her shoulders and angled her chin higher. "Guess we'll just have to chalk that up to the smexy elves' bad influence."

"Too bad." He set his cup down on the table with enough force to make her wince. "You might have found there's more to me than what the tabloids report."

Which was exactly what she didn't want to discover.

Her office at Jacobs Fine Furnishings would have been the safe haven she desperately needed if discovering a financial bloodbath on par with the grossest slasher movie ever was her idea of utter relaxation.

With each number in the company financials, her ulcer expanded. By the time she closed the folder holding the report, she could buy a tanker truck load of Maalox and it wouldn't be enough to sooth the burn. She pushed the folder across the cheerful, yellow desk, needing it physically away since she couldn't escape the bad news.

Unless she stayed, the family business was going under. Soon.

That would kill her dad. He'd built it up from nothing, starting with a workshop in an old barn on the family farm. Besides their family, the business was all Dell Jacobs cared about.

She glanced up at her dad as he sat in the teal blue, straight chair, searching his face for the hazy, confused look that had come and gone after his stroke. One side of his face fell slacker than the other, but Dell met her searching gaze straight-on, and the knots in her shoulders loosened a bit.

"Don't you go all soft and start treating me like an invalid. I'm not dead yet." There was enough spit and vinegar in his tone to convince her he was his normal, cranky self.

Keisha hid her grin. He was a pain in the ass, but he was her dad. "Pops, how long has it been like this?"

Dell fidgeted with a ring of plaid fabric swatches and averted his gaze locked to the oversized hummingbird sculpture hanging on the wall over her left shoulder. "We've always flirted with the edge a bit."

"A bit?" Her spine snapped so straight she practically heard a boing. "You fell off the financial cliff six months ago when clients started dropping like flies. Why didn't you tell me about the bank loan? There's a balloon payment due in two weeks, and we don't have anywhere near the amount of money it would take to pay. Why didn't you tell me about this before it got to be such a mess?"

"I'm your father," His voice turned ninety degrees until it had a hard edge. "You better watch your tone with me. I started this business, and I don't have to justify how I run it to anyone."

"You do when you expect me to pick up the pieces." It wasn't quite a yell, but the words came out louder than she'd meant, and her dad deflated in front of her. Her stomach twisted with guilt. "Pops, I'm sorry."

His cane jiggled under his weight as he slowly stood and shifted from foot to foot. "I wouldn't need you so badly if your cousin hadn't left us high and dry. You've said no to running the company before, and damn it, I know you have other things happening in your life, but, Baby Girl, this isn't just furniture." Dell tapped an arthritic, gnarled knuckle on the manilla folder. "This is your heritage."

Forget the Catholics, when it came to guilt, no one topped her dad. "Pops-"

"It's our family legacy." He sighed. "Doc Sorensen says if I don't step back, he won't be responsible for what my heart does. After the fiasco with Tyrell, I can't trust this company to anyone else but you. "

She understood, she did, but that didn't make accepting it any easier. "You don't have to give me the hard sell, Pops."

"Good, because there's one more thing I have to tell you." He went back to staring at the hummingbird.

"Please tell me it's that we've got a rich relative who really, really wants to give us some cash."

He shot her an ornery grin that took about twenty years off his appearance. "What's wrong? You can't stand a challenge?"

"Stop stalling."

"We lost the Barrington Inn account."

He may have said more, but white noise crackled in Keisha's head as she processed the latest blow to the company's bottom line. The boutique hotel chain accounted for sixty percent of the company's revenues. Without them, they'd tank within the year. If they could last that long.

"They've been with us for more than a decade. Why would they kick us to the curb now?" she asked.

"Because I asked them to." Gabe stood in her office door, his brawny, tall frame taking up much of the space. The heated anger in his eyes sucked the oxygen right out of the room. "It was the quickest way to ensure your father's company went out of business."

Bitterness filled Gabe's mouth at the sight of Keisha standing behind a yellow desk uncluttered by anything except for a hot pink laptop, a jungle cat in-and-out box, and a vase filled with miniature pinecones painted dark purple. Simple, bright, and unexpected. Just like her. He ground his teeth together to stop himself from saying something stupid since it was too late not to do anything moronic.

No, you took care of that this by making a play for a girl whose father ruined your family. Way to forget your promise to yourself.

He'd spent the night with his nemesis's daughter. And he wanted to do it again. Even knowing who she was. A direct shot to the gut wouldn't have been as effective in knocking the air out of his lungs.

Keisha remained sitting behind her desk, a weary look drawing lines into her forehead.

Dell Jacobs turned, his cane taking the brunt of his weight, puffed his narrow chest-as much as he could-and blocked Gabe's view of Keisha. The old man was protective of his daughter. Gabe filed away the tidbit. He never knew when some bit of information would come in handy.

"What are you doing here, Campos?" Dell demanded.

"Watching your business implode." He strode into the room, stopping next to a small replica of a classic car, something red and sporty with fins. It reminded him of spending the night in the auto shop with Keisha. A twinge of guilt made its way across his skin.

"You're not satisfied with trying to push me out of my own company anymore, huh?" The old man's bravado came through loud and clear in both tone and the way he pushed up on his cane to make himself appear taller.

"No." Gabe picked up the car, and the pointed fin jabbed the center of his palm. "Just taking your company isn't punishment enough."

Even breaking Jacobs Fine Furnishings into matchsticks wouldn't satisfy Dell's debt to Gabe's family. It wouldn't make up for the years his mother suffered in silence. It wouldn't nullify the blood money Gabe had played with so carelessly never knowing where it had really come from and why. It wouldn't absolve the sins of the slack-jawed man in front of him. But destroying the business Dell Jacobs built and loved would feel good. Really good. Of that he was absolutely confident. He had to be.

"With all of your money, why are you so obsessed with Jacobs Fine Furnishings?" Keisha circled around her desk, her full hips swaying with each determined step. "The Gabe I met last night wouldn't be."

Dell's hair jerked around to his daughter. "What are you talking about?"

"He spent the night at Fix 'Er Up."

The old man spun around, the speed making him teeter on his unsteady feet. "I sure as hell had better have misheard you, Keisha Louise Jacobs."

"His car broke down on the highway." She grabbed her father's elbow, steadying him. "I couldn't leave him out to freeze to death."

"Would've been fine with me." The prickly bastard shrugged off his daughter's touch.

"I wouldn't have expected any less from you, Mr. Jacobs, after what you did to my father," Gabe said.

Keisha rounded on Gabe, her normally expressive eyes deadened with ice-cold fury. She stomped over to him and jabbed her finger in his chest. "My dad is a small business owner in Salvation, Virginia. How in the hell could he hurt some fat daddy, Harbor City, rich dude like Cesar Campos?"

"Cesar isn't my father." Gabe's jaw nearly cracked from how hard he was gritting his teeth as he fought to keep his emotions from breaking the surface. Dell Jacobs didn't deserve to see his pain, only his fury. He exhaled a slow breath and swept Keisha's hand from his chest. "My father was Hector Hernandez, the man your dad killed."

Chapter Six

Every muscle in Keisha's body quivered with barely restrained fury, and it took everything she had not to knee Gabe in the nuts so she could watch him crumple to the ground in a twisting heap. No one came into her office and called her dad a murderer. No one. Especially not Gabe Campos.

"Have you lost your damn mind?" she bellowed loud enough that his hair should have moved.

"No. I found out the truth about my father, and yours, a few months ago." He answered her question, but his flinty blue eyes never left her father's face. "Your secret's out, old man."

"I never killed anyone." Her dad half sat, half collapsed onto the chair, an ashy pallor taking the life out of his craggy, lined face.

"Maybe not with your own hands," Gabe growled. "But there's blood on them just the same."

Her dad cringed, defeat curling his body inward. "The accident wasn't anyone's fault." On the last word, her dad's voice hitched with emotion.

Keisha's lungs clamped shut, and she stumbled back a few steps. She must have misheard him.

There's no way-

Then she noticed the resignation and remorse etched into every line on her dad's face, and she didn't know whether to scream or cry. A wave of icy confusion crashed over her, leaving her shaking where she stood as her knees threatened to give way.

Gabe wasn't similarly affected. He practically grew in size as he stalked across her office. "You think a retired race car driver lost control of his car because the streets were a little rainy? Right after his business partner steals all his best clients and leaves him high and dry. Sound familiar, Dell?" He snorted dismissively. "No way. He had more than enough knowhow to make a deliberate choice look like an accident. He slammed his car into the overpass for the insurance money because you'd stolen everything he had."

The room tilted as her head floated, barely attached to her neck. The light-headedness rocked her back until her hip struck the desk, but the sharp jab scarcely registered in her muddled brain. Reaching out for something to anchor her to the here and now, she accidentally slashed her hand through the stack of bills. They fluttered to the floor like snowflakes of doom.

"Why now?" Her father sighed. "Why after all these years?"

"Because I just found out who my real father was, and that the cash I used as seed money to make my first million came from my father's life insurance." Bitterness scrapped Gabe's voice raw, revealing the unearthed resentment and pain underneath.

It couldn't be true. There was no way. Not her dad. She held onto the belief as tight as a child's chubby fingers wound around a balloon string. Gabe was wrong.

"Son, I don't know what you think you know, but your dad had his own way of doing things, and they weren't always the best options." Soft and calm, her dad acted like he was talking to an animal that had been spooked by thunder. "It's true we were business partners before he died, but our partnership ended weeks before his accident. I couldn't do things his way anymore. He kept coming in half tanked. Made too many risky decisions. Borrowed money from the wrong people."

"A likely story," Gabe said.

Her dad shook his head. "Have you talked to your mother about this?"

"I don't need to." Rage shook Gabe's voice, and the vein in his temple looked ready to burst. "You drove him to his death as sure as if it was your foot on the gas pedal."

Unable to hold her tongue any longer, Keisha slapped her palm against the desk. "I won't stand here and let you spread lies."

Gabe ignored her comment, reaching into his jacket pocket and pulling out a sheaf of legal papers. He dropped them into her dad's lap. "Sign on the dotted line, and you don't ever have to hear me say another word again."

Blood pounded in Keisha's ears, her pulse driven into overdrive by Gabe's misplaced sense of revenge. She straightened her shoulders and moved to stand between her dad and Gabe. "Forget it. This is a family company. Only a Jacobs will ever run it."

That got Gabe's attention off her dad. When his head snapped up to look at her, every bit of the Gabe she'd met last night had disappeared into a black hole as if he'd never existed. "You're making a big mistake."

"You'll understand if I ignore anything that comes out of your mouth," she snapped.

"I'm beginning to think you have an obsession with my mouth."

"Only smacking it shut."

Last night, his words would have been flirty, making her stomach do the loop-de-loop. Today they were laced with fury and stung her skin as if he'd slapped her. But something else had changed over the past few hours. She'd stopped giving a damn.

Her dad's calloused hand wrapped around hers, reminding her of what was at stake. She still gave a damn about what all of this would do to him.

"What will it take to make you leave us alone?" her father asked. His voice had regained some of its natural orneriness. The shock of Gabe's accusation must have worn off.

"You losing everything, just like my father did."

"And you think you're the man to make that happen?" A crafty gleam sparkled in her father's eyes.

"Absolutely." Not a note of doubt colored Gabe's curt answer.

Why should it? The rich prick was obviously used to getting his way. Still, she knew what that tone meant coming from her dad. Trouble.

"So you're willing to put it all on the line?" her dad asked.

"What's your game?" Hesitancy bobbled in Gabe's voice.

She knew the feeling.

"Not a game." Her dad shrugged. "Just a challenge."

"What, like the best piece of furniture wins?" Gabe asked.

Her dad nodded his head. "Sounds like a good bet, after all, I just read a story in the papers about your furniture-making hobby."

It seemed like Keisha was trapped in the room with two crazy people. He had to be joking to think of leveraging everything he'd built on a stupid bet. She dropped down to her haunches to better look her dad in the face, but it wasn't lunacy she saw in his eyes. It was confidence.

"Pops! You can't risk the company like this. So what if we lost our biggest client. We'll find a new one. Someone better. We'll find a way to cover the loan payment. I can sell my Thunderbird. This asshole isn't worth it."

"Trust me, Baby Girl. I know what I'm doing." Her dad patted her hand as if she was mumbling nonsense and kept his focus locked on the threat to their family's survival. "You heard my daughter. She doesn't think you're much of a challenge. Is that true?"

"Like you'd know the truth from a table saw," Gabe growled.

"What's wrong rich boy, can't take a little manual labor?" Her dad pricked at the other man like a rancher with a cattle prod.

"Name the terms, old man."

"You and Keisha each make a piece of furniture. The best piece wins."

That's it. Her dad was unhinged. She needed to call in the big guns-her mom-before everything blew up in all their faces. She stood and grabbed the phone.

Gabe smiled, looking for all intents and purposes like a cat toying with a doomed mouse. "And I suppose you'd be the judge?"

"Nah. Baby Girl here knows how particular I can be. You'd both probably lose." Her dad rubbed his chin. "There's a local family moving into a Habitat for Humanity house in two days. You can each make a piece to welcome them home. They'll vote for their favorite. Winner takes all."

The phone dangled in her hand as her fingers hovered over the buttons. This was beyond any bit of reasonableness.

"Have you both lost your ever-loving minds?" She dropped the receiver onto its cradle. "I won't be a part of this craziness. He can't force us to do anything, Pops."

Her dad looked up at her, hope shining in his eyes. "You know the doc said my hands were too shaky to use the equipment anymore. Your mama would be right pissed if I came home with two less fingers because the jigsaw got away from me. She likes to hold hands when we go to the movies."

Torn between the look on her father's face and sanity, Keisha hesitated.

"See, old man, even your own daughter knows you're bound to lose." Gabe withdrew a pen from his jacket pocket. "Make it easier on yourself, and sign the company over to me."

Anger shot through her veins like a thunderbolt, singing her skin and leaving a trail of goose bumps in its wake. It was one thing for her to question her own family loyalty, but a whole other thing for Gabe to do it. That shit did not fly.

She rounded on Gabe, the urge to slap the arrogant look right off his face making her palm itch. "Excuse me?"

"You're our best hope, Keisha Louise," her dad said, his voice pulling her back from the edge. "Say you'll do it."

Her father's soft plea did more to make up her mind than the mocking self-satisfaction written all over Gabe's handsome face.

"Yes." The affirmation came out stronger than she thought possible with her jangly nerves.

"That's my girl." Her dad squeezed her hand. "How about you, Campos?"

Gabe regarded them both with heavy suspicion. "I win, and you sign the papers? You sell the company to me for one dollar, knowing I'm going to padlock the place as soon as the ink dries?"

Her dad nodded. "And when you lose, you do whatever it takes to get the Barrington Inn and all the other clients we lost to sign exclusive contracts with us, and you stop sniffing after the company like a bored hound dog."

Keisha held her breath. If Jacobs Fine Furnishings was going to make it, they had to get Gabe to leave them alone and get the hotel chain's business back. A furniture making bet wasn't her ideal method of accomplishing either, but if it got the job done, she'd learn to live with it-and she'd find a way to win it.

Gabe took off his glasses and made a big show of cleaning them with a handkerchief while staring at the same hummingbird sculpture that had fascinated her dad earlier. For what felt like an eternity, he didn't say a word. Then he put on his glasses and pushed them up the bridge of his nose.

He pocketed the handkerchief. "Deal."

Her dad nodded as if he'd just agreed to a fantasy football trade, not putting his entire company on the line. "It's a bet then. You two can use the workshop where I started the company. I like the symmetry of that. It's an old, red barn at the intersection of Highway Twenty-Eight and Thunder Road. You can't miss it. Be there at six tonight. Bring a bag. You'll bunk there."

"Until then." Gabe spun on his heel and strode out the door with the cocky strut of a man who'd already won.

Keisha couldn't wait to show him how wrong he was.

Chapter Seven

Standing outside of Jacobs Fine Furnishings, his shoulders hunched because of the cold wind gusting all around him, Gabe glared at the small, black loaner car with the drooping bumper and the threadbare tires. Even as a non-car guy, he knew he hadn't just climbed down a few rungs on the automotive ladder. No. He'd stumbled down to the lowest rung. Still, it got him from point A to point B, which was all he needed to take down Dell Jacobs.

He was so damn close to taking away the one thing that mattered most to the old man. If all went according to plan-which it would-he'd be dancing on Dell Jacobs' desk within forty-eight hours.

Glancing around at the snow-covered factory grounds, he waited for the all-powerful rush that usually accompanied winning. But the expected buzz of certain victory didn't flood his system. Instead, he felt like a soda that had gone flat. He searched his surroundings, trying to determine what was off.

The low-slung building with metal siding didn't look like much, but the potential was there. Most mass-market furniture was manufactured out of the country, but the high-end market remained open to domestic companies. Customers who wanted to buy American, desired something a little different, or craved quality not seen in mass-market furniture were keeping the domestic furniture industry in business. His motives for going after Jacobs Fine Furnishings may not be bottom-line driven, but that didn't mean there wasn't money to be made. And he was the man to make it happen. As an added bonus, turning the company around would be like having extra dirt to rub in Dell Jacobs' eyes. He warmed up to his new plan.

An image of Keisha kicking his ass in cards and laughing about it flashed in his mind, and his gut clenched. Damn. She was a woman. Just like any other woman. Last night was an aberration-a hot one-but still nothing to get in the way of his latest plans.

Ignoring his inner voice laughing its ass off, Gabe zipped up his coat as high as it would go and marched to the loaner car, his shoes leaving tracks in the snow. He yanked open the door with more force than necessary and slid behind the wheel, his knees knocking against the steering wheel. The door let out a yowling creak as he tugged it shut, nearly drowning out his cell phone's ring. His cousin Carlos' photo flashed on the screen.

He hit speaker. "Yeah?"

"You on your way home yet?" Carlos asked.

"Not exactly." Gabe turned the key in the ignition, and the engine coughed to life with a metal-on-metal rattle thrown in for good measure.

"That doesn't sound like your Aston Martin."

"Because it's not." He pulled out onto the main road, retracing his path from earlier so he'd end up at Highway Twenty-Eight. "There were...problems."

Carlos' bark of laughter boomed through the tiny speaker. "Please tell me you didn't wreck that cherry piece of mechanical wonder."

"No. It died on me outside of Salvation." At least he hoped he hadn't killed it permanently. The big dude at Fix 'Er Up with the trucker hat and the tow truck said he'd take a look as soon as the roads cleared.

"Did you run out of gas?" His cousin didn't bother trying to hide the amusement in his voice.

Annoyance steamed Gabe's cheeks. "Fuck off. That happened once."

"In recent memory. I told you your habit of driving on E would catch up to you," Carlos crowed. "Oh man, I am loving this."

Three times. It had happened three times, and each time, he'd been on his way to close a deal that had fundamentally changed his business. What was gas when it came to those kinds of stakes?

"So glad I could amuse you."

"You do crack my shit up, but on less funny side of things-your mom called me twice this morning. She does not believe you're on a weekend getaway with one of your flavors of the week."

The loaner car's balding tires hit a patch of slush on the road, and the car skittered to the right. His blood pressure jacked up to one million over a shit ton. He tightened his grip on the wheel and jerked to the left. The tires screeched, but found purchase on the asphalt. His ears stopped throbbing as his pulse calmed.

One disaster avoided and another one bearing down on him. The second one came armed with a casserole dish of cheese and onion enchiladas baked with love and seasoned with guilt. "How could mom have any idea what's going on?"

"She's your mom, man. They always know when shit is up."

An unfortunate and universal truth. But this time the stakes were a lot higher than the time in high school when she found out he'd been sneaking out after curfew to meet Annabelle Rodriguez. He wouldn't drag his mother into this. He couldn't.

"Did you tell her?"

"Hell no," Carlos said, biting out the words. "I wish I'd never told you."

"I deserved to know." Anger at being kept in the dark for his entire life had him seeing red. No. He refused to target his mother. She loved him. She cared. Gabe was furious with Dell Jacobs. He was the one who was really at fault. He was the one who needed to be punished. "But that's not important now."

"I'm sure she had her reasons for keeping it quiet all these years," Carlos said.

He'd lived his whole life thinking Cesar was his biological father. He'd never questioned it. Never thought about how strange it was that every maternal relative lived in Harbor City's middle-class suburbs while he'd grown up in a glass and steel high-rise, going to private schools and spending Spring Break in the French Alps or Monaco. Why his mother and father both had brown eyes while his were blue. Why his mother hyperventilated every time she got into a car.

What kind of son would he be if he questioned his mother?

Annoyed by the direction of his thoughts, Gabe's fingers tapped out a tune on the steering wheel. "I'm sure she did have her reasons, but it doesn't matter because now I know, and I'm finally doing something about it."

"He agreed to sell?" Real excitement punctuated Carlos' question.

"Sort of," Gabe hedged.

Silence filled the car's interior. Well, as much quiet as there could be with the mangled roar of the loaner car's engine as he turned onto Highway Twenty-Eight headed for Fix 'Er Up to check on the Aston Martin's diagnosis.

Carlos cleared his throat. "Continue."

"We made a bet. Whoever makes the best piece of furniture in two days wins." So much for being a titan of business. He'd gotten suckered by a wily old man who somehow knew how to push all Gabe's buttons. Dell Jacobs had done everything short of spitting on his palm and triple-dog-daring Gabe.

"I've seen the desk you made." Carlos spoke slowly, obviously choosing each word with care. "But do you really think you can beat a trained professional?"

"I'm not going up against the old man."

"Who then?"

"His daughter, Keisha." She of the snarky one liners, amazingly soft skin, and the ass that could make the most intelligent man in the world babble like a total loon. Damn, she'd been pissed to see him in her office. Really pissed.

"Oh, now I get why you just had to go down to Salvation yourself instead of sending a lackey. Is she as hot as she sounds on the phone?"

"Who said she sounded hot?" Gabe glared at his phone.

"Do you remember Thursday night? After the fourth beer, you wouldn't shut up about her, going on and on about how she had the voice of aged whiskey, whatever the fuck that means."

Embarrassment scorched his ears. Yeah, he remembered all right. "Shut it, Carlos."

"And you think you have a chance?"

"With her?" Damn, Gabe hoped so. Who said billionaires couldn't be fools?

"Not with her. Against her." Carlos snorted. "Priorities, man. Then again, maybe you finally have them straight after going on this nut job quest to avenge a father who never needed avenging."

"I'm not going to let anything, or anyone, stand in my way." Of that, he was damn sure. He hadn't turned one hundred thousand in seed money into a billion in fifteen years by letting his little head rule the big one.

Carlos sighed, his weariness coming through loud and clear despite the static connection. "You've got me really regretting ever telling you about the police report."

"I don't have time for regrets."

"Only revenge?"

An ice-cold calm filled him as he focused his energy on the two-lane road ahead and the dot on the horizon that would grow into Fix 'Er Up. "If I wanted a lecture, I'd have told my mom where I was going this weekend and why."

"Ever think that maybe the fact that you didn't should tell you something?"

An ache built behind Gabe's right eye, dull but growing in strength. He loved his cousin, in truth they were more like brothers, but on this topic, he couldn't deal with any touchy-feely-TV-doctor bullshit. "Was there a purpose for this call?"

"Your cousin can't call just to check in?"

Yeah, right. "What are we, chicks?"

"I found the medical examiner's report from your dad's accident."

An investigator at Maltese Security in Harbor City, Carlos had the computer skills to get his hands on almost any document in the world.

The ache turned into a sharp knife jabbing Gabe right in the eyeball. Fix 'Er Up sat a mile up the road, and he started to slow down way before he needed to. "And?"

"You're not going to like it."

What else was new? He forced himself to loosen his white-knuckle grip on the steering wheel. "Rip off the Band-Aid."

"He was drunk."

Gabe turned too sharply into the Fix 'Er Up parking lot and jumped the curb with his right, front tire. He bounced in the seat but quickly recovered. He pulled to a stop in front of the closed bay doors. "No way. That would have been in the police report."

"Point one four blood alcohol level. I saw it plain as day." Carlos paused. "My hypothesis is that it was a one-car accident, and no one else was hurt, but the driver left behind an eight-months-pregnant widow. The cops probably thought they were doing your family a favor by failing to mention it in the report. Where it asks for B.A.C., the response is undetermined. I doubt the insurance company would have paid out if it could be shown your dad was at fault for the accident."

His cousin may have kept talking, but all Gabe heard was the word drunk stuck on repeat like a scratched DVD. Little things his mom had said jumped to the forefront. The constant warnings to never drink and drive. The refusal to let him get a driver's license until he was in college. The ever-present reminders that even one drink was too many. It must have all sank in, because to this day, his alcohol consumption barely made a blip on the radar, and he hadn't bothered to get a driver's license until he was twenty-three.

His lungs seized, squeezing out the oxygen and leaving him wanting. "It can't...."

"It is. Sorry, man."

He fumbled for a viable explanation. A reason he could grasp as tight as he'd held the steering wheel minutes earlier. Drunk-.14. At fault. Insurance. Confusion swirled where there'd been only certainty, roiling his stomach.

Desperate for a defense, he latched onto the best bad reason he could imagine. "It doesn't matter. Dell Jacobs drove my dad to that bottle."

"You don't know that," Carlos said. "For all you know about your dad, he could have been a raging alcoholic. It's not like you've ever told your mom you knew the truth, let alone asked her about him."

Bullshit. He knew what he knew. What he had to believe. "Are you done?"

"Yeah, I am. The question is, are you?"

"Not by a fucking long shot." Gabe punched the end call button without saying goodbye.

Ever since he'd accidentally discovered the truth about his father and the accident six months ago, the only thing he'd thought about was bringing Dell Jacobs to his knees and making him pay the debt owed. He'd pushed and prodded associates to look elsewhere with their business. He'd plotted and planned his revenge, right down to the look on the old man's face when he realized the company he'd spent his life building lay in ruins.

Still, doubt crept up his neck. He had to know. Without second guessing, he went with his gut and dialed the number he knew by heart.

"Jacobs Fine Furnishings," the cheerful voice chirped.

"Dell Jacobs please." Just saying the man's name left a hole in his gut.

"Sure, hold on just a minute."

Sixty seconds later, Dell answered with a weary sigh. "Dell here."

"It's Campos."

"What in the hell do you want?" The old man was snarly and on guard, not that Gabe could blame him.

Girding himself for a harsh rejection, he made his request before he could change his mind. "The truth."

"About what?"

"My dad and his accident."

Silence weighed down the phone line like a lead balloon before Dell spoke. "You know, sometimes it's best to let sleeping dogs lie."

"This dog is already awake." He wasn't going to turn back now. That wasn't how he functioned.

"What do you want to know?"

He closed his eyes, wishing like hell he had any other request. "What happened that day?"

"Your dad and I were in business together. For me, it was a side company to help alleviate the risk of putting all my eggs in the Jacobs Fine Furnishings basket. For your father, well, it was something else. Your dad wasn't a bad man. He just lost his fight with some nasty demons."

"Alcohol?" Not that he needed to ask after what Carlos found, but he had to ask.

"Your dad loved fast cars, fast people, and fast highs, but he couldn't keep up the pace." Dell paused as if gathering his strength. "The day of the accident, we had a huge fight, and I told him I was never going back into business with him. I couldn't take it anymore. If only I'd known what would have happened next."

The images from the accident whirled around in his head. "None of us knows that," Gabe mumbled.

"And ain't that a damn shame."

Dread chilled Gabe's blood.

What in the hell had he done?

The offer came-finally-when Keisha had already used up her last yes.

The official e-mail from Epson and Callahan Interior Design had announced its presence in her e-mail inbox with an ordinary ping, like any other message. Her hand shook as she clicked the mouse to open it.

Excited to offer...hit the ground running...start immediately....

Disappointment stung her eyes, and a strangled groan climbed over the lump in her throat to escape from between her lips. She'd made the right decision to stay in Salvation. She had. Abandoning her family in its time of need wasn't how she worked, but that didn't mean doing the right thing didn't hurt like a bitch.

"Damn, damn, damn," she muttered under her breath.

The noise caught her dad's attention as he sat in her office and read through the financials. "What's wrong, Baby Girl?"

"Nothing." Everything.

Life was about choices. No one guaranteed they were easy. Or painless.

Dell sat up straight, tossed the papers to the side of her desk, and considered her. He scrunched up his mouth until it looked like he'd just sucked a lemon.

"Don't pee on my leg and tell me it's raining," he groused. "I know that look on your face. It's the same one you had when you told us that no-good son of a bitch fiance of yours had been cheating on you for the entirety of your engagement."

Keisha's toes curled inside her wool socks, and she tucked her body as deep as possible into the cyan cushion on her chair back. "It's not that bad."

"Uh-huh." He crossed his arms until his forearms rested on his pot belly. Translation: bullshit. "Talk."

Her gaze bounced from the red silk mums in an antique milk glass jug to the crystal knobs on the storage cabinets to the built-in shelves stacked high with design books-anywhere but her dad's all-too perceptive eyes. This was not a conversation she wanted to have, but just like she knew puce was the ugliest color ever, she knew her dad wasn't going to leave her alone until she spilled everything. Dell had the gift.

She shrugged. "It's not a big deal."

He drummed his fingertips on his cane's cushioned handle. "I'm gonna tell you now what I said when you cried on my shoulder about that idiot ex-fiance of yours." He leaned forward. "Everything in the world that's important to you is important to me, and if anything hurts you, I will make it bleed."

Yeah, he'd said that, but having to deliver that particular piece of shitty news to her parents hadn't been the worst part of the night. Pushing past the pain and the fear she'd forever associate with that night at its aftermath, she forced a light tone into her voice. "Really? What I remember from that conversation was you storming off the front porch with your shotgun."

"Yeah." He chuckled, but his cheeks flushed. "Who'd have thought a sudden stroke would save me from going to the pokey? God does work in mysterious ways."

Guilt twisted up her insides as she stared at the financial paperwork covered in red ink that lay spread across her desk.

Keep your mouth shut, K. You can't hurt him again.

"Enough stalling. Fess up. Now." His voice held just enough fatherly concern and don't-fuck-with-me finality to make her ignore her inner warning.

She considered her dad, who had raised her, loved her, and pushed her to always follow her heart. She'd been so scared of killing him off, she'd forgotten to live her own life. That wasn't fair to her or to him. The epiphany lifted the rocks she hadn't realized were weighing her down.

"It's a job offer from Epson and Callahan Interior Design in Harbor City." The words tumbled from her lips.

He gnawed his bottom lip as if he was chewing the confession into bite-sized morsels. "They just called you out of the blue?"

In for a penny, in for a second stroke. God, she hoped not. "The trip I made to Harbor City a few weeks ago...it was an interview."

"Why not tell me?"

It wasn't censure painted on her dad's face. It was surprise and confusion. She had to make him understand. She'd never meant to hurt him. "Everything here seemed to be going well with Tyrell, and they're one of the top interior design firms in the country. I thought it was finally time for me to branch out."

"You want this?"

She shook her head as if she could shake off the last vestiges of that dream. "Staying here is more important for our family."

"You keep talking about what's more important for everyone else, but what about what's important for you? You want this job. Take it."

Freedom and obligation. Want and need. Change and the status quo. Each scared the shit out of her. "Pops, I can't-"

"Live your life for everyone else."

"What about all this?" She waved her hands out to encompass all things Jacobs Fine Furnishings related.

He settled back into the chair, picked fuzz from the pumpkin-colored sweater that had to be almost as old as she was, and shrugged. "We'll manage."

"What about the bet?"

"Me and my fool mouth." Her dad's lips compressed into a straight line. "It's been a while since I've tangled with the wood pile, but I doubt I've lost my touch."

She glanced down at his gnarled hands bearing the scars of his years of woodworking experience. They shook a bit, even when he tried to mask the stroke's afteraffects by holding his cane, even while sitting. "No. Let me."

"You saying I can't hold my own with the sander?" He winked like the whole thing was a joke.

"That's exactly what I'm saying."

It wasn't a joke. It was his livelihood-not to mention the twice monthly paychecks of a couple dozen of Salvation's working class citizens. Times were tough, and their skills were specialized. Finding another job would mean relocation at the best and a low-wage, dead-end job at the worst. If Gabe won and closed the company, it wasn't just her parents who would pay.

"I'll do it." Her voice came out a lot firmer than she thought possible.

Her dad eyeballed her with the clear focus of a man used to getting his way. "On one condition."

Now this sounded more like the man who'd finagled his way into business with some of the most luxurious boutique hotels in the country. Caution tempered her excitement. "What's that?"

"Afterward, no matter what happens, you take that job in Harbor City."

Her heart stuttered like a cold engine. "Pops..." She reached across the desk and wrapped her fingers around his arthritic ones, rubbing her thumb across the calluses earned with decades of hard work that hadn't softened with age.

"Baby Girl, I know you've waited to tell me because you thought you were protecting me, but I'm telling you now, I am a grown man and a proud father. The last thing in the world I want is for you to be miserable in Salvation when you could be happy somewhere else."

Judging by the soft, caring look on his face, he really meant it. He was setting her free.

"I love you, Pops." Her voice cracked from emotion and gratitude.

"The feeling's mutual, Baby Girl." He squeezed her hand and winked. "Now, what kind of furniture are you going to make to win this bet?"

Chapter Eight

The barn was just as Dell had described it over the phone. A huge, red behemoth at the intersection of two highways. The sun had dipped low in the western sky, its warm rays receding with each second and reminding Gabe of last night's trek through the snow. There wasn't a flake falling anywhere in the vicinity, but he couldn't shake the sense of deja vu creeping across his skin under his thick wool coat. But this time, he wasn't on the hunt for shelter, he was looking for redemption-and forgiveness.

Maybe it was because of his cousin's call and his father's .14 blood alcohol content. Maybe it was because he'd had time to process the news about his biological dad. Maybe it was because standing in Keisha's office, facing down his nemesis, he'd realized that Dell Jacobs wasn't just a faceless bad guy who needed to be punished. He was an old man with a droopy cheek and a company circling the drain.

Or maybe it was because what had driven him to Salvation hadn't been the need for retribution, but the sound of Keisha's honeyed voice that had fueled way too many late-night fantasies over the past six months.

Fuck. What if Carlos was right?

Leaving his now refueled-he would not be telling Carlos about that-Aston Martin on the gravel drive next to a heavy-duty pickup truck, he trudged to the propped-open door on the side of the barn. The smell of fresh cut wood hit him as soon as he crossed the threshold. The woodsy scent of pine and the pungent smell of red oak were heaviest with a hint of walnut floating underneath. Damn, he loved it. Making something out of a few sticks was a lot like investing. He took a company that hadn't achieved its full potential and built it up until it shined like freshly-applied varnish.

He turned the corner and almost ran smack dab into the step ladder Keisha stood on, pulling to a stop at the last moment. But it was too late. Keisha whipped her body around, shaking the ladder. She wobbled on her perch on the fifth step. The ladder went left. Keisha went right.

Acting on instinct, Gabe reached out and caught her in his arms, tucking her close as the ladder clanged against the concrete floor. His right hand curled around her luscious ass, and it took everything he had not to squeeze the succulent flesh. Her arms tangled around his neck, ensnaring him in her sensual almond scent and scattering every intelligent thought in his head.

She looked up, her wide, brown eyes unsure but hungry. "Gabe," she whispered.

A man could get drunk off her voice. Shit, he felt like he already had. His hands glided over her voluptuous curves as he lowered her to the ground, unable to let go even when her feet touched the floor. Anticipation buzzed in the air between them, holding them in place like magnets.

Neither of them spoke.

He couldn't breathe, couldn't even remember his own name as want barreled through him like a runaway train. He couldn't deny it any longer. He hadn't come to Salvation for revenge, not completely. When he'd pulled his Aston Martin onto the interstate, he'd come for her. This woman-his woman, his body demanded-she undid him.

"Baby Girl, are you okay?" Dell wheezed as he rounded the corner, suspicion and worry drawing crevices in his forehead.

It was the face of a concerned father, not a villain. Gabe hadn't gotten as rich as he was by ignoring the sixth sense that weeded out the truth from the facade.

Whatever had transpired between his real dad and Dell hadn't caused the accident. He knew it in his gut as surely as he knew the attraction between himself and Keisha was more than just about fucking a hot chick. With her sass and her savvy she'd shown him over the past six months, she challenged him and kept him coming back for more.

Carlos had been right. About all of it.

Gabe shoved his hand through his hair with enough ferocity to yank out more than a few strands. God, he'd fucked this up on so many levels and had no clue how to set things right.

Keisha blinked. Finding her equilibrium around Gabe was turning into an ever constant struggle. For the past six months, she'd dreaded his calls, all the while experiencing a little thrill of excitement each time her phone rang. Now that he was here in Salvation, the draw was palpable.

She had to have the worst taste in men, ever. First the fiance who wasn't done playing the field, and now the man trying to ruin her father's life. Keisha sighed. She needed an intervention.

"Baby Girl?" Her dad shuffled over, concern crinkling the corners of his eyes.

Struggling to break Gabe's mental hold on her, she stepped back and smiled reassuringly at her father-at least she hoped it came off that way.

"I'm fine, Pops. Just being a klutz." She glanced over her shoulder at Gabe, a shiver working its way across her skin. "He saved me before I could face plant on the floor."

Her dad's gaze volleyed between her and Gabe. Shrewd as a timber rattlesnake, her dad rarely missed anything. The chances of him missing whatever it was sparking between her and Gabe was about as slim as a Smartcar beating a Ferrari in a street race.

"Uh-huh." He gnawed his bottom lip and gave Gabe his best father-with-a-shotgun eyeballed warning. "That was mighty nice of him."

"Really, it was my fault." Gabe poured on the practiced charm that had made him a tabloid darling in Harbor City. "I startled her when I came in."

"Uh-huh." Her dad sucked his teeth and laid a heavy palm on the bare workbench, no doubt to balance himself since the stubborn man had insisted on leaving his cane in the truck. "Here's how this'll work. You'll have twenty-four hours, until Sunday night, to build a piece of furniture. What you make is up to you. It doesn't have to be fancy, but it does have to be functional and not a piece of shit. A real family is going to use these pieces, hopefully for a really long time. We'll move the furniture into the Beauchamp's new Habitat for Humanity house Monday morning. The family will vote for their favorite piece. Whoever gets the most votes wins. Questions?"

For a crazy-ass bet, he sure made it sound reasonable. Damn, did that mean she was joining the ranks of the nut job army?

"What happens if one of us backs out or doesn't finish in time?"

Her dad shrugged. "Then you lose."

Thanks, Pops. No pressure there.

"Questions or concerns, Baby Girl?"

She shook her head. "I'm good."

"All right then. I'll leave you two here." He turned for the door, but paused before he could make the full rotation. "I expect excellence, out of both of you."

Keisha watched her dad make his way out the door, studiously ignoring the man standing next to her and the fizzy, giddy excitement running roughshod over her body at his nearness. And the way their breaths had automatically synced. And the way her skin still tingled where he'd touched her as he'd held her close. Nope. She deserved a medal for ignoring all of it.

Or an Oscar for best self-delusional actor in a film playing only in her head.

The unmistakable sound of a diesel engine roaring to life sounded, followed by tires splashing in the storm's leftover slush and then silence. They were alone, fighting for control of the company her dad had founded, nurtured, and loved. She had to pull her shit together, or she'd ruin everything for her parents.

Ever since the main factory on the other side of town had opened, only her dad had used the original Jacobs Fine Furnishings workshop-and that had slowed considerably since his stroke. But he still insisted it be kept in tip-top shape. Something for which Keisha was grateful, because winning this ridiculous bet wouldn't get any easier if she had to magically get over her fear of spiderwebs or her unfortunate attraction to Gabe.

"So this is it?" Gabe's voice sent a delicious shiver up the back of her neck...and other places.

Hoping distance would lessen the desire thrumming through her system, she strutted over the power tool cabinet. "Yep."

His footsteps echoed in the quiet space, stopping close enough that she could feel his nearness as surely as a touch. "What's the set up?"

Her heartbeat thundered in her ears as she fiddled with the cabinet door knob. "Lumber storage and the plywood rack are in the back. Upfront are all the basics: table saw with router table, a combination table-saw shaper, a bandsaw, edge sander, wide belt sander, miter saw, jointer, metalworking mill, drill press, and a massive cabinet filled with power tools. There's an air-filtration system with suction throughout the barn."

Gabe chuckled, his breath caressing her skin. "You must spend every day here to rattle all that off without even looking around."

Enough, K. Time to find your spine, girl.

She pasted her best tough-chick expression on her face and whirled around, ready to go to battle for her family. "Nope. I'm either behind a desk or shopping for interior decorating clients. But I grew up in this barn. I was working the sander as soon as I was old enough. Before that, my Barbies had fabulous adventures in the lumber storage area."

Seemingly unaffected by her hard tone, Gabe pointed to the open air loft above the main floor. "What's up there?"

She glanced up, grateful for a place to look that didn't include his wide shoulders or model-handsome face. "The hayloft was remodeled into living quarters. When my parents fist got married, they lived there."

"Your dad a workaholic?"

"No." The word came out too sharp, but she didn't care. She needed to push him away or risk losing the bet, her family's business, and her sanity. "He was determined to make a go of the company and give his children something more than a farm weighed down with debt, and you're dead set on taking that legacy from him."

Gabe flinched as if she'd struck him. "I take it the truce is over."

"For such a successful guy, you catch on slow." She enunciated each word so the sarcasm would create the wall between them she so desperately needed. "The truce ended the moment you accused my dad of murder."

He slipped his black-framed glasses off and pinched the bridge of his nose. "I was wrong."

Shock struck like a whip, slicing through her defenses and leaving her breathless. "So why are you here?"

He looked up, piercing her soul with his bright, aquamarine eyes. "Because of you."

Chapter Nine

Gabe hadn't been this unsure of himself since...well, since ever. But he'd made a fortune from following his gut, and he hoped like hell he wasn't wrong this time.

"This whole clusterfuck happened because I thought I was doing the right thing for the right reason." Now wasn't that the irony? He had the Midas touch when it came to money, but people? Yeah, not his strong suit.

Nervous energy ate away at him, making his glasses shake in his hands. He slid them on before he dropped them, bringing Keisha into clear focus. Standing before him, with her arms crossed and her eyes narrowed, she couldn't have looked any more suspicious of him if she tried. And who could blame her? He'd practically submarined Jacobs Fine Furnishings with the careless hurt of a child.

Now it was time to man up.

"I went off half-cocked." He paced the length of the workbench. "All I knew was that my dad and your dad had been partners, and things had fizzled. Your dad went on to build Jacobs Fine Furnishings. My dad ended up playing chicken with a highway overpass. He lost."

The images from the grizzly, full color accident photos flashed in his mind, and he flinched. Twisted metal. Blood on the windshield. A single tire lying in the middle of the road. He wished like hell he'd never forced Carlos to show him the pictures.

"I'm sorry for your loss, but what the hell does that have to do with my father or me?" Keisha asked.

Though sympathy softened her words, he couldn't miss the anger and confusion underneath.

"With you? In reality? Not a damn thing."

"So why?"

She deserved a real explanation, and he didn't have one. He realized it now. But if he could just make her understand why he'd done what he'd done, maybe everything wouldn't be lost.

"My cousin, Carlos, is a computer genius and works at a security company in Harbor City. He was doing work on a case and ran across police records listing my mom as a surviving widow. He did a little digging and discovered the accident report with your dad's name as a witness. There was bad blood between them, according to what Dell told the cops, something about a business deal gone bad. And I decided that someone needed to pay for what had happened to my dad. I couldn't go to my mom, dredge up the past she'd kept hidden for so long. Instead, I went gunning for your dad."

The whole thing sounded so ridiculous when he said the words out loud. Shame and embarrassment twisted inside him like an F4 tornado, leveling everything in its path.

"So what changed between this morning and now?"

"Carlos found the medical examiner's report. My dad had a BAC that was almost twice the legal limit." The words left a foul taste in his mouth. "It made me realize that there was a lot about the accident I don't know and a lot about my real dad I'm totally clueless about. I came here to tell your dad the whole bet was off, but I couldn't."

"Why not?" Confusion had replaced the suspicion in her dark brown eyes.

Wasn't that the question that kept zinging around his brain? He searched the barn's rafters for the reason that eluded him. It wasn't there, but he found it as soon as his gaze lowered to Keisha. "Because tonight might be the last time I get to see , and I'm a selfish bastard."

"You don't even know me," she whispered.

"I know you take your coffee with an ungodly amount of cream. I know you chew on the inside of your cheek when you're mulling something over. I know you would do just about anything for your family. But I want to know more."

"We never even met face-to-face until yesterday."

"You think I wasn't paying attention during all those months when I'd call two or three times a week?" He brushed his thumb across her full bottom lip that quaked just the tiniest bit. "Last night wasn't a mistake. Let me prove it to you."

She hesitated but didn't move away from his touch. "How?"

"Instead of competing against each other, let's build something together."

She laughed. "That's not the offer I was expecting."

"It's the best one I've got right now." But by this time tomorrow, he'd have a lot more on the table.

A fine layer of saw dust covered the concrete floor like fairy dust. Or should it be elves? They seemed the more industrious sort. Keisha shook her head. She must have ingested some of the dust, because her brain had gone on vacation with thoughts like those. Of course, it was better than the alternative. That being a near constant awareness of Gabe, who had stripped down to butt-hugging jeans and a sleeveless undershirt.

The muscles she'd gotten the briefest hint of last night had been enough to tempt her straight into a fiery pit of desire, but actually seeing his thick biceps slick with well-earned sweat? She was just dancing in the flames and not giving a damn that her toes-and other parts of her anatomy-were getting singed.

Gabe flicked a switch, and the roar of the table saw eased to a dull muffle and then silence. As long as she ignored her heart thundering in her chest. Watching his muscles bulge as he carried the freshly cut oak uprights for the dining room table was enough to give her a hot flash or twelve.

He laid the uprights on the worktable and grinned. It was infectious.

"I'm sorry for doubting that you knew how to use the table saw." She grabbed a bottom brace and placed it against the upright to form an L.

He had the drill out and made two holes lickety-split fast. "Woodshop was my favorite class in high school. Next he used wood glue and two six-inch lag screws to attach the bottom brace and the upright. "I even joined a woodworking club in college."

She flipped the L-shaped wood over, and they worked together to attach the bottom brace and then the top brace. "Your university had a woodworking club?"

"They did after I started it." He grabbed the glue and lag screws, then joined one end of the middle upright to the center of the bottom brace.

Enjoying the camaraderie of working together after so much discord, she took the other end and joined it to the center of the top brace. "And how many members were there?"

"Usually one, but he had crazy good skills." He spun the drill like a six shooter.

She couldn't help her laugh. "Good to know."

After creating the vertical support, they attached the long supports to what they'd already completed. It wasn't hard work, but it reminded her of working on her Thunderbird. Glancing down at the screwdriver in her hand, she realized she had the same make and model in her toolbox at Fix 'Er Up. Astonishment had her shaking her head. She'd spent so much of her life trying to get away from the woodworking shop, and yet, she found solace in working with her hands using many of the same tools she'd played with as a child in this very building. She'd never made the connection between metal and wood before.

"Are you sure about the ribbons of blue-inlaid wood going down the center?" Gabe asked, staring at the table top she'd created and started while he cut the uprights.

"Yeah, it's perfect for the Beauchamps." She stripped off her dust mask and stepped back to admire the table top. It was made of two-by-eight pieces of oak, tongue and grooved together to form a table top large enough to fit six. In the center, she'd carved out a winding river path and inlaid it with blue-stained pine.

"Why's that?" He came up behind her. Not touching, but close enough that she could feel the unsettling physical tug of his nearness.

Her pulse pounded in her ears as she tried to unobtrusively brush the saw dust from her afro and clothes. What she wouldn't give for a way to slick on some lipstick on the sly. "Their family has lived in Salvation for almost forever, and their family homestead was right on the river, which was perfect because they opened a rafting company. That location didn't help, though, when their house caught fire. Business had petered off with the recession, and they'd dropped their insurance, meaning no funds to rebuild."

"So the town is building them a home?"

"Sort of." She shrugged, her shoulder rubbing up against his bicep, sending a delicious shiver marching across her skin.

He brushed away some sawdust sticking to the back of her T-shirt. "What do you mean?"

The label said one hundred percent cotton, but it felt threadbare as his hand lingered at the small of her back. "Jacobs Fine Furnishings partnered with Habitat for Humanity on the build."

"You organized it?" A touch of gravel entered his tone as his other hand landed on her hip.

"It wasn't just me." Her voice shook, and she stepped away, desperate for space. Falling for Gabe would be dangerous, and she was far too cautious for that. It wasn't the right time. She wished like hell she knew when that time would be.

"You're always taking care of people, aren't you?" Amusement and determination gleamed in his eye. "The Beauchamps, your father, the company."

"I like it." Uncomfortable with the conversation's turn, she leaned down to study the hand-drawn design plan they'd created earlier. She ignored the bitterness lingering on the back of her tongue. When it came to family, helping was never a sacrifice. It was just what she did.

His thumb hooked under her chin and tilted her face up. "So who takes care of you?"

She blinked in surprise and realization. "I do."

"Is that why you were so worried about telling your dad about your new job?"

She jerked out of his grasp, stumbling away from the workbench. "How did you know that?"

"There are only so many places to eat in Salvation." He circled the workbench, crossing to her side and leaning against the edge. "I ended up having lunch at a diner, The Kitchen Sink. Your friend Ellen was my waitress. I complimented her on the elves she gave you, and pretty soon, she'd brought me up to speed on all things Keisha."

Good Lord. Of all the people in the world he could have a little chat with, it had to be the one person who knew every last embarrassing factoid. "I'm gonna kill that girl."

"I hope you don't." He grinned, diffusing the tension wiring the room. "I hear she knows the secret ingredient for the pecan pie."

Keisha snorted. "So she says."

"So why didn't you tell your dad?"

Next to the word "stubborn" in the dictionary, there had to be a picture of Gabe Campos. And if that was the case, that page was dog-eared at every high school in America. "It's a long story."

"We have to wait until tomorrow to assemble and stain it, and I doubt the loft up there has WiFi, so I'm all yours."

He was as charming and poisonous as a rattlesnake, but she found herself hypnotized into giving her secrets away anyway.

"Okay, I'll give you the short version. I was engaged." Embarrassed heat beat against her cheeks. "The invitations were mailed and the RSVPs collected. Then, about a week before the ceremony, I found my almost husband in bed with two women. We called off the wedding. When I told my dad, he had a stroke. I thought he was going to die. I couldn't do that to my dad again. I had to wait for the right time, which never seemed to come up since there was a wolf from Harbor City howling at our doors."

He stared at his sawdust-covered shoes. "What changed your mind?"

"He sort of pummeled it out of me."

"I could see that." Gabe laughed. "But you know you shouldn't spend your whole life doing what people expect just because you think you should."

Ouch. That hit close to the bone. "So says the man who tried to take down a small business based on a faulty gut." Nothing like a snappy comeback to make her feel on steadier ground with Gabe. Too bad it still felt like the world shifted every time he reached out and touched her.

"She shoots, she scores," he bellowed in a fake sports announcer's voice before his gaze dropped to her mouth, and his eyes darkened into two pools of Caribbean blue. "One more thing. He's an idiot."

Her breath caught. "My dad?"

"No, your dickwad former fiance." Gabe's finger traced an electric path across her jawline from her sensitive earlobe to the dimple in her chin, angling it up. "He is, without a doubt, a stone-cold moron." He leaned down and delivered a devastating kiss.

Everything tumbled to place inside her. It wasn't forever. It may just be for tonight. It didn't matter. She was done waiting on the sidelines for her life to begin. It started now.

His teeth scraped against her bottom lip, entreating her to open. She didn't need the encouragement, but that didn't mean she was going to make it easy for him. Pushing against his broad chest, she gained an inch of space between them.

Confusion danced in his eyes.

"We're going upstairs." She turned toward the stairs, adding a little extra swing to her steps before looking over her shoulder at the man who kept her body humming like a well-tuned engine. "What I plan on doing with you is going to take time and a comfortable bed."

Chapter Ten

Gabe slapped at the wall, searching for the light switch at the top of the loft stairs. Lights were the last thing his body cared about at the moment, but he wanted to see Keisha as she went over the edge. And he'd take her to that orgasmic edge and push her over as many times as humanly possible.

His fingers grazed the switch, and he flipped it on. Light flooded the tiny space.

Under normal circumstances, he would have looked around the room to get his bearings, but Keisha's beauty knocked him blind to everything but her. Sarcastic, sexy, and tempting as all hell, she was everything he'd been searching for without ever realizing it. The negotiations on the phone had been six months of foreplay. Now it was time to close the deal.

Pivoting, he pressed her curvaceous body against the open door frame, his dick trapped behind his zipper begging to be set free. Buzzing from pulse after pulse of pleasurable sensation, he grabbed her full hips and pulled her against his hardness.

"Feel what you do to me, Keisha. He nipped his way down her neck before kissing his way up, stopping at the sensitive patch of skin behind her ear and sucking her earlobe between his hungry lips. "That's all because of you."

She shivered and reached down between them and rubbed him through his jeans. "I did a lot then."

Pleasure ripped through him, and his balls tightened just from her touch. "But not nearly as much as you're going to."

She popped the top button on his jeans. "Promises, promises."

Her almond scent surrounded him, binding him to her with the strength of a thick rope. His zipper whispered down, and her soft hand slid inside, wrapping around his hard dick and squeezing him just tight enough to make him groan in appreciation. God, this woman was going to kill him with pleasure before he ever got a chance to touch her.

That couldn't happen. He had to make her feel how much she meant to him.

Her thin cotton T-shirt that tormented him all day with the deep, plunging V-neck had to go. He dipped his fingers under the hem and pulled it up, the action forcing her to release him-a blessing and a curse. The hot pink material slid up her dark brown arms, and he had every intention of whipping the shirt off as soon as he could, but then the material bunched around her. Seeing her tits straining against her red silk bra as her arms were lifted high stiffened his dick as if he hadn't been hard before.

"Fuck, you are sexy as hell just like this." He fisted her T-shirt, drawing her wrists closer together. A coat hook screwed to the wall over her left shoulder caught his attention. "I want you to hang on." He pushed the twisted T-shirt fabric into each of her hands and looped the middle around the hook. "If you wrap those sweet hands around me again, I'm going to forget all of the things I want to do to you."

"And what is it you want to do?" The tip of her pink tongue flashed across her bottom lip, wetting it so that it glistened.

"This." He traced a finger from the base of her neck, between her mind-boggling tits, down the center of her abdomen and to the button on her jeans, flicking it open with ease. Determined to draw out the anticipation, he inched the denim over her fleshy hips, his balls tightening with each inch of mocha-colored skin revealed. Unable to deny himself, he traced the waistband of her red and white polka dot panties with his tongue.

She shivered under the onslaught as she thrust herself closer to his mouth. "It's not polite to tease."

"Too bad." He kissed her silky skin above the tiny ribbon bow at the center of her panties. "Because it's going to be a long night, and I'm going take my time tasting every inch of you."

Keisha pulled on the fabric holding her in place and arched her back, needing to get as close to him as possible. Gabe's words reverberated against her skin so fucking close to her clit that she nearly came from his promise alone. She wanted to feel him everywhere now, and he was set on tormenting her until she was a quivering mass of want. She needed him. Only him.

"Touch me." It wasn't a plea. It was a demand.

He dropped to his haunches, laying his palms against her inner thighs and spreading her legs as wide as they could go with her jeans pooled around her ankles. "Where?" His lips traced a line of fire from her calf to mid-thigh.

Her legs quivered beneath the sensual assault, her muscles no match for the desire overflowing her system. "Everywhere."

"Here?" He licked the curve of her stomach, deliberate and maddening as desire dampened her panties. Rolling onto his heels, he blew cool air across her abdomen, making her tremble in anticipation of his next move. "Or here?" One long finger traced the silk of her bra cup, slipping inside to rub against her sensitive nipple. "Maybe you meant here." He sucked her earlobe into his hot mouth while his hands busied with unfastening her bra, and her knees nearly buckled.

The strip of red silk hung useless from her arms, and he pushed it up so one strap hung from the wall hook.

"Damn, just look at you." He cupped her boobs, caressing the underside with his fingers as his thumbs circled the yearning peaks. Leaning forward, he sucked one brown nipple between his lips, his beard raking against her tender flesh and heightening the tension coiling in her core.

She stopped breathing. Heat and damp flooded her folds in reaction to the itch building deep inside her that only Gabe could scratch. Her need to feel him sliding inside her slick core hit hard enough that she tore the fabric tethering her to the wall hook.

"Looks like you're out one shirt." He took the scrap of fabric from her wrists and tossed it across the room.

"I don't care," her husky and hungry tone betrayed the depth of her need.

"Then it's past time for the rest of it to go." He slid his palms down the length of her jellified legs, yanked her feet free of her jeans and shoes, then worked his way back up her left leg, kissing and nibbling toward the juncture of her trembling thighs. By the time his mouth was tantalizingly close to her wet center, she couldn't control the moans that filled the otherwise silent workshop. She threaded her fingers through his smooth hair, guiding him toward the juncture of her thighs.

"Do you want something, honey?" Gabe's heated breath teased her sensitive clit.

"You." The words came out half desperate plea, half demanding order. She didn't care as long as he didn't stop.

"You don't have to ask me twice." He grasped her full hips in his hands, pushed her back so her spine lay flat against the wall, and licked the silk material between her legs. "These have got to go."

Kneeling before her like a man worshiping at the altar of desire, he pulled the delicate silk until the elastic strings snapped, leaving her naked and trembling before him. "Damn." He muttered the raspy curse against her wet center, the feeling reverberating right through to her heart. His beard scraped against her delicate inner thighs, the perfect combination of hard and soft.

"Yes." A current of sexual electricity shot through her, tension building with each stroke until she thought she might collapse under all the pleasure.

Gabe's fingers slid in and out, spreading her open before him like a buffet while his flat tongue continued to take her higher and higher. He stopped, and she wanted to cry in frustration. But before she could exhale the groan, he sucked the hard nub into his warm mouth while his fingers thrust rhythmically against the bundle of nerves inside her.

Hot waves rippled up from the depths of her core, slow and steady at first and then increasing in intensity and speed. Every fiber of her being strained toward orgasm.

"Close, baby." She pulled at his dark brown hair, pushing him deeper. "I'm so close."

His thumb pressed just below her clit as he sucked her into his mouth.

"Gabe!" His name tore from her throat as her body constricted, and her climax roared through her like the thrum of a high-performing V-8 engine.

It took a few moments before the room around her came back into focus and she could uncurl her toes. When she could, she arched her back in a lazy, cat-like stretch, reached down to the man who'd just blown her mind, and pulled him up. "Get your clothes off before I lose my mind."

Gabe winked. "Yes, ma'am." He grabbed his wallet out of his back pocket, pulled out a condom, and made quick work of his T-shirt and jeans, leaving them piled in front of the doorway.

She'd thought he was hot with his clothes on. Her first sight of him completely naked and hard made her tongue stick to the roof of her mouth. Tall, broad-shouldered, and all sinewy muscle from calf to pectoral, she couldn't help herself from reaching out and tracing her way from his flat cafe-au-lait-colored nipple, down his six-pack abs, and around his thick girth.

"Come here." She lead him by the cock over to the loveseat in the loft's living room. Releasing him was the last thing she wanted to do at the moment but necessary for her next move. She pressed her fingertips to his shoulders and pushed.

He landed with a soft thump on the loveseat, still holding the foil square.

"That won't do. Let me have that." Keisha swiped the condom from his fingers and dropped to her knees. Anticipation thrummed through her as if she hadn't just had a body-melting orgasm, but she knew she wouldn't be satisfied until she buried himself deep inside her. Her need for him went beyond physical to something she wasn't yet ready to define. Unwilling to wait any long, she ripped the package open and unrolled the latex down his thickness, relishing the blissed-out agony of his moan as she did so. "Do you want me?"

Her heart hiccupped as she realized his answer mattered. Really mattered.

Gabe leaned forward and pinched her nipple between his thumb and finger, rolling the needy nub and pulling it with just the right about of pressure. "Only since you first told me to take my money and shove it where the sun doesn't shine."

"I'm all heart."

Whatever he was about to say next died on his lips as she sheathed his hard cock inside her.

Gabe's large hands held her ass, rocking her hips forward, and she lowered herself to meet his thrusts again and again. She arched her back, bending like a bow, pleasure making her quiver. Moving one hand from his knee, she reached around and cupped his balls, squeezing lightly, his appreciative moan sending a shiver of pleasure down her spine.

Just when she thought she'd gone as high as she could go, Gabe slid his hand around and his fingers circled her clit. "I want to feel you climax while I'm fucking you."

His words coupled with the magic of his fingers and dick had her tossing her head back in pleasure. The world exploded around her again, and her hips rocketed forward, coming down hard on him as her orgasm ripped through her. A few thrusts later, his orgasm followed.

They sat there for a few minutes with her legs wrapped around his narrow waist and his head resting on her shoulder, both of them trying to regain their hold on reality.

"Tell me you got the offer for the job in Harbor City." His words tickled her still sensitive skin, causing an army of goose bumps to stand at attention.

"I did." Like a well-satisfied cat, she stretched against him, her breasts pressed against his hard chest.

He relaxed against the back of the loveseat, pulling her with him so that she covered him and her head rested in the hollow of his shoulder. "Please say you said yes."

She grinned, his interest setting off a flock of hummingbirds in her stomach. "Right before I came here today."

"Thank God." He whispered the words against her hair as his breathing steadied.

She planted a palm on the couch and pushed up to look into his half-closed eyes. "Why, are we finished tonight already?"

He grinned and gave her ass a playful slap. "Oh, honey, this is far from over."

Chapter Eleven

Happy chaos ruled at the Beauchamp's new house. Most of Salvation had squeezed into the three-bedroom bungalow, eating finger food from The Kitchen Sink in front of a giant Welcome Home banner hanging from the ceiling. The cold, winter breeze wafted in through the open windows, minimizing the body heat from the shoulder-to-shoulder crowd, and the fresh paint fumes lingered throughout the house. Keisha took a sip of coffee, peeking over the edge of her cup in search of Gabe. They'd come over to the house together in his Aston Martin-he'd even let her drive-but he'd disappeared to the front porch to take a phone call.

"You did good, Baby Girl." Her dad shuffled over to her side, a paper plate starting to give under the weight of deep fried goodness in one hand and the other hand gripping his cane.

In the middle of the dining room stood the table. The youngest Beauchamp, six-year-old Heather, sat playing Barbie under the new dining table, one of the few uncrowded spots in the house filled to the rafters with family and friends. The morning light picked up the different shades of blue swimming up the center of the tabletop, a river of hope for a new home and a new beginning.

Maybe her fresh start, too.

"It wasn't just me." She caught a flash of Gabe through the living room window, then he disappeared beyond her sight line. "You better not let mom see you with that."

Her dad popped a deep fried Oreo into his mouth, but not before his gaze traveled over the crowd-presumable for sight of her mom. "So you really think he's going to stick to his word?" He didn't mention Gabe by name, but he didn't have to. "That young man made a lot of promises this morning about helping us get our clients back."

"I think Gabe feels guilty for what he did."

He snorted. "We've all done stupid things for the people we love." Her dad shoveled another Oreo into his mouth, happily crunching it to oblivion.

Keisha delivered a quick kiss to the top of his gray hair and squeezed her way through the crowd to the front door. A handful of people braved the cold temperatures in exchange for some elbow room.

Gabe stood on the other end of the enclosed porch, his phone pressed up against one ear and a finger pressed against the other to block out noise.

Gabe sucked in a deep breath and tried to keep the edge out of his voice. After all, it wasn't his mother's fault he'd gone all comic-book-backstory-revenge crazy. No, that had been his own stupid overreaction.

"Mom, you're right. I should have come to you first." He sucked in a deep breath and pinched the bridge of his nose, hoping to alleviate the headache making mincemeat out of his brain. "But when I saw the police report, I freaked out."

"I should say so, mijo. I couldn't believe the story your cousin Carlos told me this morning."

"He shouldn't have said anything." Not that he blamed Carlos. After being on the receiving end of his mom's interrogations, he knew there was no getting out of it without spilling everything.

"If he hadn't, we wouldn't be having this conversation, and it's one we should have had years ago." Her softly accented voice shook. "I thought I was doing the right thing. Cesar adopted you before you were a year old. He has, for all intents and purposes, been your father."

They were both silent as she took in gulps of air in an effort to stop the tears he knew were flowing down her round cheeks.

"I know." He sighed in frustration at how he'd hurt his mom. God, this whole thing had turned into a mess. This would be the last time he'd trust his gut on something that didn't involve spreadsheets and finical reports. "I just got so used to being right about everything that I couldn't imagine being wrong about something so important."

"You're a smart boy, mijo. You'll find your way. Your gut's still good, you just had mental indigestion."

He thought of last night with Keisha. The image of her tossing back her head in ecstasy flashed in his mind. The way she'd danced in her chair when she'd kicked his ass at cards in her tiny apartment during the snowstorm. He could still hear her gleeful giggle as she opened up the Aston Martin on the highway.

"What if you're wrong?" Just asking the question shook him.

"A mother is never wrong when it comes to her child."

He laughed. "Well, at least I know where I get my certainty from."

"I'm ignoring that. Come home, mijo. This is a conversation we need to have in person, not over the phone."

A colorful flash caught his attention. Keisha leaned against the house at the other end of the porch, watching him and obviously waiting for him to get off the phone. "I'll be home by dinner."

"Perfect. I'm making your favorite cheese and onion enchiladas."

"See you then." He hung up and forced the ache in his chest into the background. It was a long drive back to Harbor City. He'd have plenty of time to regret all he had to leave behind then.

The woman before him was everything he wanted in this world, but he couldn't go off half-cocked again. He had to ignore his sixth sense urging him to wrap her up and make her his right now. He had to be patient and give her a chance to find her own way.

He could wait.

Staring at her, though, was like seeing everything he ever wanted in the world wrapped up in one beautiful person. An invisible hand squeezed his lungs until he stood gasping for oxygen. He had to get the fuck out of here before he ruined everything again.

Nervous energy had Keisha twitching as Gabe finished his conversation. Standing off to the side out of his eye-line, she felt like a stalker or like she was back in high school mooning over a crush.

Damn girl, grow a pair. You slept together, it's not like you already picked out baby names.

Raising her chin and straightening her shoulders, she strutted across the porch with more confidence than she had in the reserve tank. "I was wondering where you disappeared to."

Gabe shot her a half smile, the vein in his temple pulsing like a jackhammer, before his phone vibrated in his hand.

Keisha chuckled. "Don't tell me the billionaire boy wonder has problems."

"You know what they say. More money, more problems." He grimaced and pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose. "Look, I hate to do this, but I have to get back to Harbor City."

"Oh, really? You have to go?"

Wow, that didn't sound desperate at all, K.

"Some meetings can't be put off any longer. Sorry." He brushed his lips across the middle of her forehead before giving her a bitter smile and heading down the driveway.

She lowered her head and pressed her lips tight before she could utter anything stupid. Keisha didn't know what she expected, but dammit, why couldn't it be more than this? She closed her arms around her clenching stomach, hoping the warmth would melt the disappointment freezing her from the inside out. Her chest tightened, but not before she inhaled Gabe's sandalwood scent clinging to the wool coat.

His coat!

"Hey!" She hustled across the driveway, sliding her arms out of his wool coat. "Don't forget your coat."

Gabe paused, his hand on the car's door handle. He tilted his head down, almost fast enough to hide the grim lines crisscrossing his forehead and the hard set to his jaw.

"Here you go."

"Thanks." He took the coat, their fingers brushing against each other and sending a bolt of electricity dancing across her skin. "We'll have to catch dinner one of these days when you move to Harbor City."

She flexed her fingers, trying her best to ignore the belly flop-inducing attraction he always caused as well as the chest-tightening sadness settling in her stomach. She knew a blow-off when she heard it. "Sure."

"Okay." He swallowed hard and rammed his long fingers through his thick hair. "I'll see you then."

Limbs as heavy as waterlogged lumber, Keisha stood in the middle of the driveway as the Aston Martin pulled onto the main road and headed for the interstate and Harbor City beyond. The wind's icy fingers clawed at her skin, but she couldn't go in. Not yet. Not while there was a chance his brake lights would flash cherry and he'd come back.

She shoved her icicle hands deep into her pockets and shivered alone as the taillights shrank in the distance, growing smaller and smaller until they disappeared. Keisha stared at the empty road and chewed the inside of her cheek until the physical pain matched the figurative ache in her chest from the beating her heart had just taken.

Chapter Twelve

The wind whipped against the closed bay doors at Fix 'Er Up, making a whump-whump sound as the metal doors accepted the pummeling. If only she could do the same. But the same honeyed voice kept playing in her head, stuck on repeat since Gabe said goodbye after the big reveal at the Beauchamp's new house three days ago.

"We'll have to catch dinner one of these days."

Then-poof-he was gone. What had she expected? The extra key to his penthouse? An invitation to cruise the world on his yacht? More wild, hot, make-you-forget-the-rest-of-the-world-existed sex? Okay, that last one would have been nice. But she was a big enough girl to recognize a polite blow-off when she got one.

So flicked the latch and raised the Thunderbird's hood. Some people did yoga. Others drank. She found nirvana when she had grease under her nails and an unobstructed view of a carburetor. With only a few days to go before she drove the packed U-Haul to Harbor City to start her new job, she needed to take advantage of the opportunity to commune with her baby while she still could. The view of shining metal and a carefully restored engine should have made her giddy with pride.

It didn't.

She pulled the rolling toolbox nearer. This blue funk was nothing a little valve stem replacement couldn't kick in the ass. Hanging her hand towel on the hook attached to the toolbox, she eyeballed the cylinder heads. The valve stems didn't need replacing. She glanced under the hood, searching for something-anything-to keep her hands busy. She'd adjusted the valve lash last week, and the timing was as spot on as it could be.

"I'd offer to help, but what I know about cars wouldn't fill the gas tank." Gabe stood in the doorway, his broad shoulders taking up almost all the space.

Her heart fluttered in her chest. Damn, he looked good in a navy blue suit, checked shirt, and gold tie. The man wasn't shy about his style, and she liked that. Almost as much as she liked how his tailor managed to highlight every muscle in Gabe's chest without showing any skin. Or the way his black frames brightened his blue eyes. Or his sexy smile, half hidden by his trim beard. Or...well...everything.

Her muscles went all wonky, and she stumbled, even though she'd been standing perfectly still. K., get it together. She ran her suddenly damp palms over her coveralls as if she could straighten out the loops her stomach was traveling at the moment. "I hear you have trouble keeping your gas tank full as it is."

"Hud ratted me out, huh?" Was that a blush on his cheeks? Who'd have thought it possible?

She didn't try to disguise her amusement. "The story of the billionaire who can't remember to gas up his expensive car did make the rounds at The Kitchen Sink diner." She giggled and shrugged. "It's a small town. People talk. But, I promise we were laughing with you, not at you." She paused. "Well, mostly."

He nodded and raised a red, plastic gas jug. "That would explain why Hud gave me this on his way out the door and made me promise to fill it before I left."

"Hud's gone?" Wings flapped in her abdomen as her gaze searched the dark lobby behind him.

"Yep, it's just us."

Nerves jumbled her system, leaving her jittery. "Why are you here?"

He let out a wry chuckle. "You might as well know the truth now. I'm an impatient asshole. I couldn't wait any longer."

There was no way he was going back on his deal. The Barrington Inn had returned to the Jacobs Fine Furnishings client list, along with the addition of several other small hotels and even a few wealthy families wanting customized pieces. Just like he'd promised. She may not know Gabe as well as she could, but she didn't doubt his word for a second. "For what?"

"Our dinner." He stepped to the side, revealing a large, insulated bag at his feet, which he picked up. "I hope you like Chinese. I wasn't sure what you liked, so I brought a little of everything from my favorite place in Harbor City. Don't worry, it's still warm. I took the helicopter."

Her heart dipped down to her toes before rebounding back into her chest where it started to pound against her ribs as if trying to make an escape. "You actually have a helicopter?"

He left his post in the door and prowled over to her like a jungle cat stalking its prey and stopped within arm's reach. Every fiber in her being yearned for his touch and demanded her to reach out, but uncertainty at his reaction held her back. After all, people like him probably jumped in their helicopters all the time without a second thought. It didn't necessarily mean what she really wanted it to mean.

That this time he was in Salvation for her and only for her.

"What kind of self-respecting rich dude would I be without a helicopter?" Gabe asked, his self-deprecating humor undercut with a hard, desperate note of desire.

She looked up into his brilliant blue eyes that couldn't be lessened by the barrier of his glasses. Lust, warm and enticing, hit her blood stream like the world's most potent drug. "A richer one?"

"True." His fingers grazed her waist before trailing downward and coming to rest on the curve of her hips like they belonged there. Like he belonged with her. "But money isn't everything."

Electricity sparked across her skin, draining and invigorating her in the same breathless moment. "What is?"

He lowered his head, halting a millimeter from her aching lips. "I'm hoping you can help me figure that out."

She slid her fingers up the smooth silk of his tie and loosened it. "Now that sounds like an offer I can't refuse."

"Finally." Gabe's lips covered Keisha's, and the rest of the world melted away.

