CHAPTER ONE

Marseilles, France

ANDRE DE LAURENT HATED THESE small, intimate dinner parties at the house. He was always expected to attend, even on nights like this when it was just the family and one of his sister Lecie's friends.

The pre-dinner cocktails had barely started. He didn't have to look at his watch to know dinner would be served in approximately thirty-five minutes. Enough time-as Tasha had once said-for everyone to get a good buzz going.

Tasha. He wished she was here. He missed her, never having the good fortune of seeing her often enough.

"Andre..." His brother's voice broke into his thoughts. Funny, he hadn't noticed when Julian had moved to his side in front of the majestic fireplace made of natural stone. In the winter, the heat permeated a calming effect along with the warmth. Too bad it was the dead of summer. Andre could use a little calming.

He looked up into Julian's mirror-like eyes. Both brothers' eyes were a Pacific blue, but Andre's were a shade lighter than Julian's. The same with their hair. Julian's was darker and curlier. Big brother was taller, too. Even though Andre had heard more than one woman say that he, Andre, was the better looking brother, that hadn't stopped women from throwing him over for Julian. Being the heir to the de Laurent fortune had its own appeal.

And then there was Lecie, Andre and Julian's younger half sister. She was her mother's daughter. Blonde hair and blue eyes, just like Claudette.

Andre had to admit that after Claudette married his father, she'd stepped in and been a wonderful mother to both him and Julian. All things considered, they were a close family, though Papa was prone to meddling in their lives.

Now that Papa could no longer interfere in Julian's love life-thanks to Julian's solid marriage with Camille-that could mean only one thing. Andre was next. But Andre wasn't interested in marrying. Not in the least.

Andre leaned toward Julian, and whispered, "How long do you suppose it will be before we can make an escape?"

"Papa's got his eye on you, little brother," Julian said, almost laughing.

"Whatever for?"

"I suppose you'll be his new pet project."

Andre groaned. "Tell me you're joking." He cast a quick, stealth-like glance around the grand salon where Papa liked to impress his guests. The main parlor was directly in the middle of Pacifique de Lumiere, Andre's family home-that Julian would one day inherit-and it had been impressing people for more than four hundred years.

"Papa has been up to something." Julian paused to knock back his cocktail. "Mysterious trips up to Avignon. More than once in the last month."

Avignon? That's where Andre and Julian's late mother was from. Why was Papa going up there? Andre shook his head. It mattered little. Nothing Papa threw at him could persuade Andre to become the subject of his experimentations.

Deidra, Lecie's friend, sidled up to Andre's side. She'd had a crush on Andre for years, he knew that, but he'd never wanted to the hurt the mousy little girl's feelings, and he wasn't about to start now.

"Deidra, we haven't seen much of you lately." He gave her a friendly smile because he doubted she received many of those. "I hope all is well with your parents."

"They're fine." She glanced away as her cheeks turned red. "I've been spending some time in the States with my grandmother."

Andre grinned. "I've been spending some time in the States myself. California."

"I've heard. Florida here." Deidra's tone remained cheerful, but her face showed her sadness over his reason for the trips to the US.

"Who knows...maybe you'll find your own reason for visiting Florida." Andre gave her a wink. "Other than your grandmother."

From the corner of his eye, Andre didn't miss Parker, Pacifique de Lumiere's butler, whispering in Papa's ear. Seconds later, both men scrambled out of the parlor.

Maurice de Laurent hurried down the hallway and slipped inside his study, closing the door behind him. Traversing the dimly-lit room proved no problem for him. His feet knew where every obstacle lay and instinctively avoided them.

He settled himself behind his desk and pulled the receiver off the telephone's base, laying it against his ear. "Maurice de Laurent." After the simple greeting, he listened intently, showing little emotion. Once the message had been relayed, he said, "thank you for calling," and hung up the phone.

It was over. His late wife's uncle, Edouard Renault had died.

CHAPTER TWO

THE FUNERAL OF EDOUARD RENAULT WAS AN unexpected event for Andre and his siblings, although his death, as it turned out, wasn't that surprising since the man had surpassed eighty years of age last winter and had been diagnosed with incurable cancer some months back.

Andre knew the man was his mother's uncle, but he had precious few memories of her and even fewer of Renault. After Andre and Julian's mother Naoma died, more than twenty years ago, they saw little of her family.

Andre, Julian and his wife Camille, and Lecie stood together quietly, respectfully, during the graveside service at the private cemetery at Belle Vallee, a chateau outside Avignon owned by the Renault family. With a bouquet of calla lilies and honeysuckle in hand-Naoma de Laurent's favorite flowers-Andre waited patiently for the service to conclude and the crowd to disperse. Then, and only then, could he move on to the real reason he'd come here.

When the final prayer was said, Papa and a man whose identity was unknown to Andre approached him and his siblings. All four remained still and silent, waiting for Papa to say something.

"Harry, these are my children." Papa looked at each of them as he said their names. "My eldest son Julian and his wife Camille, my youngest son Andre, and my daughter Lecie." His gaze cut back to Andre rather than Julian, which was where it usually landed since he was older. "Mr. Martel is Edouard's attorney."

"I'm very pleased to meet each of you." The attorney shook the brothers' hands and bowed his head respectfully to Camille and Lecie. "My condolences."

"Likewise," Julian said.

"Pardon me," Camille, the American of the bunch, spoke up. "Who is that couple over there?" She gave a nonchalant nod toward the other side of the casket. "The man keeps staring at us." It was hard to know if the woman was staring too; she had an old-fashioned, black veil hanging from her hat and it covered her face entirely.

Harry glanced over his shoulder and turned back quickly. "Ah...distant cousins of Julian and Andre's. They are Conrad and Cecily Garceau." He shrugged and shook his head. "I'm sure it's just idle curiosity. Long lost relatives can be intriguing."

"If you would excuse me," Andre nodded and backed up a step or two. "But I'd like to visit my mother's grave before we leave."

After a brief turn of pleasant goodbyes, Andre looked at his brother. "You coming?"

"We'll catch up in a moment," Julian said.

That was enough for Andre. He gave the attorney one last friendly nod and let the hand holding the bouquet of flowers drop to his side as he headed off.

Two rows over, he found his mother's grave, which had been adorned with a fresh spray of yellow roses. His stepmother Claudette's doing, no doubt. She was always attentive to Andre and Julian's feelings, making sure there were fresh flowers on their mother Naoma's grave on her birthday and at Christmas. Andre would have to remember to thank her.

He knelt and deposited the flowers into the vase-like hole at the bottom of the headstone. The yellow calla lilies in his bouquet complemented the roses in Claudette's spray.

Andre traced his fingertips over his mother's image-infinitely young and beautiful-permanently encased in the marble stone. He smiled, then tightened his lips to keep from tearing up.

A longing ache tore at his chest, even though he had so few memories of his mother that he couldn't remember what she looked like. The only thing left of his tattered recollections was being held lovingly in a woman's arms. By now, her face had faded from his mind. But not the scent of her. His mother had always smelled like a garden of roses dampened by rain. To this day, the scent lingered in his memories.

If Andre had needed a reminder that fairy tales don't come true, a visit to his mother's grave would always do it. His mother's life, after she married his father, had been anything but a fairy tale. Otherwise, why would she have killed herself? She hadn't left a note, so they had no way of knowing, and that troubled Andre each and every day of his life.

Why was she so unhappy? She'd loved Julian and Andre, evident by the pictures. Was it because marrying Papa had devastated her dreams?

Naoma had been a wonderful ballet dancer, but there was no room for dancing when she became the wife of Maurice de Laurent. She'd left that world behind, right along with her maiden name.

Had marrying Papa killed her spirit?

"Little brother..." Julian laid his hand on Andre's shoulder and said no more. Words strong enough to comfort a long-grieving son did not exist.

Still kneeling at the grave, Andre looked back over his shoulder. Julian wore a satisfied smile, hanging on to Camille's hand. She seemed utterly content, standing at his side. Andre hoped his sister-in-law didn't live to regret her decision to marry into the de Laurent family.

Big brother had guts. Andre didn't have aspirations to curse a woman like that-which was why he'd never marry.

Andre remained nearby while Julian and Camille offered a moment of silence before they headed back to the car.

Claudette, Lecie and Papa were already in the limo. Andre, the last to climb in, sat next to Julian and avoided looking at Papa sitting across from him. Papa was up to something. Andre didn't know what, and he wasn't sure he wanted to.

Papa opened his lapels and fiddled with his tie. Papa, nervous? Now that was a novelty.

"It was a very nice service," Claudette said.

"Yes, but I still don't understand why we were there." Julian shook his head. "We barely knew the man. Andre and I haven't seen him in more than twenty years."

"You two-" Papa's voice grew stern. "-are the nearest living relatives the man had."

"What about our long lost cousins?" Andre asked.

"They're very distant relatives. And of little consequence." Papa looked at Andre, which surprised him, because Papa always looked at Julian when he talked to them. "Clear your schedules for next Wednesday. You have an appointment scheduled with Harry Martel. You too, Lecie," Papa added glancing at her.

"Wait..." Andre said. "Wasn't that Edouard's attorney?" He waited for Papa's nod, then added, "Why are we meeting with him?"

Papa shrugged. "Who knows..." He feigned nonchalance. "Maybe he left a little something to each of you."

"Why would he leave me anything?" Lecie asked. "I'm not related to him."

"I wouldn't put too much stock in inheriting a fortune from our long lost uncle." Julian laughed. "It's more likely that he's left us a mountain of debt."

Andre didn't care why the attorney wanted to see them. Debt or fortune, he wouldn't be the one to inherit. So why did he have to be there?

He'd much rather go see Tasha. He needed the kind of comfort only she could bring.

CHAPTER THREE

IN TASHA GORDON'S OPINION, Electric Avenue had to be the dumbest name ever for a restaurant. But it did have a couple of things going for it. One, it served superb food, and that brought about the second benefit-customers who tipped really well.

That's what kept Tasha going while she pursued her real dream. Acting.

This year, she'd been in several commercials and a handful of bit parts, enough to feel satisfied that it was sufficient to keep her name in the loop. But, so far, she hadn't landed that big break. Not yet.

She wasn't deterred. Not in the least bit. She had two auditions lined up for later this week, and she hoped the buggy feeling that had swooped down upon her a couple of days ago would be gone by then.

It wasn't so much a sickly sensation as it was a heavy feeling in her gut. One that hadn't quite progressed into nausea, but it was still there, just the same, waiting to graduate.

Tasha strolled through her station, leaving checks on tables that she'd already served, and offering more services and making small talk with her customers.

The couple at table twenty-four were tourists, from somewhere deep in the heart of Europe-perhaps Hungary. Their accents reminded Tasha of the Gabor sisters. Taking their orders had been a little iffy at first because they were talking so fast, but Tasha rose to the challenge and guided them with expertise into a cadence that she could understand. By the time she placed their check on the table, they were old friends. Much like the elderly couple at table seventeen. Don and June came into the restaurant every Tuesday and Friday, without fail. Tasha loved it when Beverly, the hostess, seated them in her area. They were fun to chat with and they tipped well.

Beverly had just seated a lone gentleman at a recently vacated table, and after a quick goodbye to the Hungarian couple, Tasha headed his way.

She stopped at his table and offered him her standard greeting of, "Good morning." She shot him a smile before offering, "Can I get you started with something to drink?"

"I'd love a cup of coffee," he said with a British accent.

"Sure thing. I'll just grab that for you while you look over the menu."

"Thanks, love," his voice followed her as she turned away.

Oh, great. Another guy who thinks he's Don Juan. Tasha chuckled as she headed for the coffee.

After delivering the orders to tables fourteen and fifteen, she grabbed the coffeepot and headed back to Don Juan.

He flipped over the upside-down cup with a smile, and Tasha began pouring the elixir into the mug. "Decided what you want yet?" she asked, watching the coffee as she poured.

"I think I'll try the Electric Bash." He pointed to the menu.

"How do you like your eggs?" She set the coffeepot on the table.

"Over easy."

"Link or patty?" she asked of the sausage.

"Patty."

"Toast, bagel, or English muffin?" She looked at him. He was eying her closely. He was probably figuring the odds of her remembering his order since she wasn't writing it down. But no worries, Tasha could do this stuff in her sleep.

"Toast." He nodded.

"Anything else?"

"I think that'll do it."

"Cool. I'll get that order in and it'll be out in a jiff."

She turned away, and heard him say, "Thanks, love." Luckily, sweet talk seemed to be the extent of his flirting.

Tasha went about her business, handing out checks, delivering dishes of food, refilling beverages and taking more orders-all while that heaviness in her gut grew.

But she trudged on, making her rounds until she was back at Don Juan's table. She gestured the coffeepot in his direction and he nodded.

"I keep thinking," he said, as she poured, "that I've seen you somewhere before."

"You been in here before?" She chuckled.

"No. First time."

"Well, you know what they say," she said, after she filled his cup. "Everybody has a twin somewhere."

"Yeah," he said. "I guess that's it."

Tasha strode away, wishing she felt better. Maybe what she needed was some rest. That's it, as soon as her shift was over, she was heading home for a date with her pillow.

A few minutes later, she delivered Don Juan's Electric Bash, complete with eggs over easy, sausage patty and toast.

He examined his breakfast and then looked up at her with a satisfied smile. "Thanks."

"Can I bring you anything else?"

"No. I think I have everything I need." He picked up his napkin and spread it over his lap. "You know..." He picked up his fork with one hand and pointed the finger on his other at Tasha. "I think I have it."

"Have it?"

"I've seen your picture in the papers." He nodded. "With that rich guy. Laurent or something or other."

"Guilty as charged." No use denying it. She'd tried that angle, and it'd gotten her nowhere. Tasha sucked in a big gulp of air. Undoubtedly, this meant little or no tip.

That heavy feeling in her gut moved up into her throat.

"Must be nice, jet-setting around with all that money." His words could've been construed as umbrage, but the casual tone of his voice and the chuckle that followed suggested otherwise.

"Well, my jet-setting consisted of a ride to a wedding. Not mine. My college roommate's." Okay, so that wasn't entirely true. Tasha and Camille hadn't been college roommates. Tasha hadn't gone to Stanford, or any other university for that matter. Even so, she had to distance herself from the de Laurents as much as possible when she was at work.

"Ah, but you got to live it for a day or two, right?"

"That's about the size of it." She shrugged and then shook her head. "Definitely didn't make me rich by association." She glanced around the restaurant. "Hence my working in this fine establishment."

"Don't fret it, love." He jabbed his fork into the eggs. "Those of us who have to work for our money appreciate it more."

"Yeah." She snorted a laugh. "You enjoy your meal."

Tasha walked away feeling confident in her ability as an actress. Hell, she'd just convinced a perfect stranger that she had no other ties to the de Laurents than hitching a ride to an old friend's wedding.

And here at work, unless she wanted to jeopardize her finances, she'd keep up that charade. Nobody liked tipping the rich.

Half an hour later, Don Juan was gone but Tasha wasn't expecting much of a tip because he'd recognized her from the papers. She hoped she'd put in enough of a performance that he'd left her a little something.

Anticipation swirled inside Tasha as she strolled toward his table. A pile of ones had been propped against his coffee cup. Tasha scooped them up and gave them a quick count before stuffing them inside her apron pocket.

Imagine that. A five-dollar tip for a fifteen-dollar breakfast. Very generous, considering that most people who recognized her as the recent companion of Andre de Laurent left her little to no tip, thinking she had access to enough money and didn't need any of theirs.

Nice to see there was still some good in the world. It made Tasha almost forget about the off-kilter feeling that'd taken up residence and left her feeling a bit tired and just plain old yucky these days.

CHAPTER FOUR

FATE HAD DEALT ANDRE DE LAURENT a lousy hand; he'd been born second. He didn't mind though-most of the time.

Andre had been conditioned from birth to accept the fact that his older brother Julian was and always would be in control of de Laurent Enterprises. But that didn't bother Andre. In fact, he liked it that way. Julian had all the responsibility and Andre would still inherit more money than he would ever spend in his lifetime.

So everything should've been satisfactory, right? It was, right up until that day, two weeks ago, when they learned of Edouard Renault's death.

Clearly, the siblings would inherit their granduncle's estate, and Julian would once again come out on top. Andre had never felt envious toward his brother until faced with the prospect of Julian inheriting another conglomerate. That was enough to turn a small corner of his heart envious.

Andre cleared his throat and glanced around Harry Martel's office. The opulent surroundings were unfamiliar to Andre and his family. Martel wasn't a man the family had done much business with since Andre's mother died.

The attorney's seat behind the desk was empty. He hadn't come in yet. But Andre, Lecie and Julian were all there, waiting in evenly spaced chairs perched in front of the desk.

Julian's leg had begun to bounce, a sure sign that he was getting tired of waiting. Lecie was texting-who, Andre wouldn't hazard a guess.

Still punching keys, Lecie said, "How long do you think this is going to take?" She looked to Julian for an answer.

"Not too long, I should think," Julian said.

"I still don't understand why I'm here." Lecie rolled her eyes and went back to her texting.

Julian draped his hands on the arm of his chair, preparing to stand, when the door behind the desk opened and Martel entered the room.

The attorney looked at each of them, addressed them by name and then took his seat behind the desk. "Thank you all for coming in today," he said, opening the top file on the stack in front of him. "Please accept my condolences on your loss."

"With all due respect," Julian said, "we barely knew the man. Haven't seen him since our mother died. And Lecie has never met him, nor is she related to him."

"Nevertheless, he is recently deceased and you are three of the five people listed in his will."

"Three of five?" Julian asked.

"Who are the other two?" Curious, Andre straightened. His long-lost relatives?

"They're irrelevant." Martel paused, settling his gaze on Andre. "Unless-" He pointed his pen at Andre. "-you cannot meet the terms of the will."

"Me?" Andre laid his palm against his chest. "Why me?"

"We'll get to you in a moment." The attorney looked at Lecie. "Edouard left you the sum of fifty-million dollars in cash, and his home in the United States. California."

Lecie's crystal blue eyes lit up. Andre could guess the thoughts running through her head right now. Fifty mil. A home in California. USA, here I come.

Over Julian's dead body. Andre chuckled inside. Big brother would have a conniption fit if little sister attempted to strike out on her own, especially in America.

Andre had barely heard the attorney say that Edouard had given Julian fifty million too, and a house near Toulouse.

The bequeathals so far didn't make sense. Martel had said the other two relatives would only be relevant if Andre failed to meet the terms of the will. But he knew his mother's family had much more than one-hundred million dollars.

Was it feasible? Was fate about to smile upon Andre?

"Regarding Edouard's mother's jewelry." Martel never raised his gaze from the document. "The pieces shall be split equally among the three of you. You will take turns choosing a piece. Lecie will go first, followed by Julian and then Andre."

Yes, but what about the rest? Had Uncle Edouard squandered away the family's fortune? What did that mean for Andre's share of the inheritance?

"The remainder of the estate..." The attorney glanced up at Andre before returning to the document. "Which includes one-hundred percent of the shares in Mont Claire Enterprises, twelve pieces of real estate consisting of homes and condominiums in or near Paris, Avignon, Bordeaux, London, Barcelona, Seville, Athens, Naples, New York, Palm Beach, Lake Tahoe and Hawaii, and approximately 3.2 billion dollars in cash will go to you, Andre." Martel lifted his eyes and met Andre's gaze. "Are you married, Andre?" He waited while Andre shook his head. "Are you planning to get married anytime soon?"

"Should I be?" A measure of anxiety crept into Andre's voice.

"If you want to keep this inheritance..." Martel nodded. "Yes, you should." The attorney cleared his throat and went on. "If you are not married within sixty days from the date of this notification-today-you will not only forfeit the entire portion of your share, but also your siblings' inheritances as well. If that is the case, the entire estate will be divided equally between the two remaining relatives."

"A wife? Seriously?" Julian turned to Andre. "He has to get married?"

"Or forfeit billions." Martel slapped the folder closed. "And because he's not married as of the reading of this will, he'll need to stay married for at least one year." He stood and waited for them to do the same. When they did, he said, "My colleague Laura will finish up here. I'm due in court."

Half an hour later, Andre and his siblings left Martel's office and shuffled into the limo waiting out front.

Andre tugged at his tie, happy that Julian and Lecie had taken the seat across from him, leaving Andre the entire expanse of the other side to himself.

It felt hot inside the car. He fiddled with the air conditioning vent and sucked in a deep breath. It did nothing to calm what felt like a noose tightening around his throat.

"Nervous, little brother?" Julian chuckled.

Andre looked at Julian through squinted eyes and tightened his lips.

"Leave him alone." Lecie backhanded Julian's upper arm. "Losing that much money because he can't find a wife isn't funny." Dead silence laid in the space between the siblings until it was broken by Julian and Lecie.

Andre might have laughed too, had it not been for the notion that it wasn't just his inheritance at stake. In a thickened voice, Andre asked, "What am I going to do?"

"Oh, it's simple." Julian shook his head and followed it with a one-sided shrug. "Just find yourself a temporary wife."

Andre snorted. "A questionable maneuver at best. One that you somehow lucked out on."

"I thought it turned out perfectly." Lecie brushed her bangs out of her eyes. "Maybe you should look in the same direction."

"Tasha?" Andre knew where this was going. And it's not that Tasha wasn't a good choice. In fact, she'd be his first choice if he were going to enter into a marriage of convenience-or any other kind for that matter.

But Tasha wanted to be a star. And that didn't include a starring, albeit temporary, role as Mrs. Andre de Laurent.

Andre slipped inside his father's library and eased the door shut behind him. Maurice de Laurent stood at the colossal wall of windows behind his desk, looking out. He had a scotch on the rocks in one hand and his other was stuffed inside his trousers' pocket.

The windows painted breathtaking views from the second floor. The east gardens below were in full bloom, with splashes of pinks, reds, purples, yellows and greens. The hilly terrain behind the stone wall drew the eye down to the Mediterranean, which looked like a blue-green haze in the distance.

Andre stopped two feet behind Papa. As a child, getting too close to the edge had always made him dizzy. It still did. The vertigo was a weakness Andre was usually capable of hiding by avoiding the edges of lofty places, including this one.

Only one thing would bring him to the edge of these windows-the prospect of losing billions.

"Your mother's uncle has placed you in quite the predicament, hasn't he?" Maurice asked, still looking out of the window.

"Our attorneys say there's no way around the terms of the will." A week had passed since the reading of the will, and it appeared that time was running out for Andre, and thereby his siblings.

"So they tell me." Maurice turned to face his son and raised his glass to him. "You'd better get yourself a drink."

Andre, unlike his brother Julian, hadn't yet found the courage to challenge his father. Rather than considering it, he went to the bar and filled a glass halfway with ice. Instead of hitting his father's private reserve in the bottom desk drawer, Andre grabbed a bottle of bourbon off the bar and poured a generous portion over the ice.

Andre took his drink and went to stand as close to his father as he dared get, considering the wall of windows.

Papa turned toward Andre and took two small steps, closing the small space between them. "You know what you have to do," Papa said, and it was no question.

Yes. But that didn't mean it was going to be easy. Tasha was the only woman Andre could trust, but if he married her for convenience's sake, he might end up ruining her life, just like Papa had ruined Mama's. And if Andre found some other woman to marry him, even temporarily, how would Tasha react to that? Either way, she'd end up hating him.

"I know what I have to do." Andre saluted Papa with his glass. "But that doesn't mean it's going to be easy."

"Camille's friend is very fond of you," Papa said. "Surely you can talk her into helping you out."

"Well, it's not easy to go to someone you actually like and ask them to help you get your inheritance by temporarily marrying you." Hearing it out loud for the first time, it hit Andre what a bad idea this was. "I won't ruin her life."

"I know you think I ruined your mother's life by taking her dreams away from her." Papa sighed. "But I never meant to hurt her. I loved her."

"Yes, well...we don't always mean to do the things we end up doing." Andre downed his drink.

"Then give Tasha her dream."

Andre tossed Papa a rigid glare. "How am I supposed to do that?"

Papa moved toward his chair and gestured for Andre to sit, as well. "I've been looking over Mont Claire's holdings."

There. It was things like that that irked Andre. If he didn't know better, he'd swear that Papa was the one inheriting Uncle Edouard's estate.

"And...?" Andre did his best to keep the vexation from his tone. Whether or not he was successful, he didn't know.

Papa continued on with his purpose, "Draco Studios' parent company is Mont Claire Enterprises."

"Are you serious?" Andre straightened in his chair. Papa nodded. Finally, Andre was beginning to see a glimmer of light at the end of a year-long tunnel.

Surely if he was the majority holder in a lucrative company like Draco Studios, he could make Tasha's dream come true.

Somehow, he'd convince her that a temporary marriage was a good idea. He'd get his inheritance and in the process he'd find a handful of top-notch scripts for her to choose from. Hell, she could star in them all if that's what she wanted.

With a place like Draco Studios behind him, Andre would make Tasha a star.

Maurice de Laurent lingered in his study long after his youngest son had gone. Andre would set out for America now, no doubt-which was fine with Maurice, as long as Andre returned with a wife.

The door eased open and Claudette slipped inside. "Is Andre going to see Tasha?" she asked, crossing the room. When she reached the desk she moved behind it and sat on the edge, crossing her legs toward Maurice.

"Yes." He smiled, not missing her attempt to sway him. "I'm confident that he'll return with Tasha."

"What do you think induced Edouard to include Lecie in his will?"

"Who knows?" Maurice shrugged. "Perhaps it was meant as an extra incentive for Andre to readily meet the terms of the will?"

"Like billions isn't enough." Claudette laughed.

She had a point, but Andre could be unpredictable. "Well no matter the reason, all our children are in the will and everyone's inheritance depends on Andre."

"It will be nice to see him become his own boss."

Maurice nodded. "Yes it will. I believe Andre has the makings to become a successful businessman."

"And about this house in California that was left to Lecie? Can't we have Andre look into selling it while he's there?"

"We can, but you know it can't be sold until the inheritance is final."

"After Andre's been married for one year?"

"Yes. And even then, you do realize that Lecie is the only one who can sell it."

Claudette stood and straightened her skirt. "Ask Andre look into it. We have a year to talk her into selling." She shook her head and headed for the door. She opened it, took one step out into the hallway and glanced over her shoulder. "I don't like this business about her inheriting a house in California."

Maurice nodded as she disappeared into the hallway and closed the door. Once he was sure she was gone, he said, "I have no idea why Edouard did that. It wasn't part of the plan."

CHAPTER FIVE

CECILY GARCEAU MASON AND HER younger brother Conrad stood to inherit billions-if she could find a way to keep their distant relative Andre de Laurent from marrying in the next sixty days.

The meeting she'd arranged between herself, her brother, her husband Daniel, and a man he'd hired to assist them required privacy, which is why she'd called Conrad to her home rather than some place out in the open like a restaurant.

"Why did you call me here to discuss strategy?" Conrad stood over Cecily's small bar and plucked ice cubes from the bucket and dropped them into a whiskey glass. He grabbed the nearest decanter, whiskey, and looked at her. "I've told you, we have no legal recourse. Let it go."

From across the room, Cecily pretzeled her arms in front of her and stared at Conrad. "I'm not letting anything go until I have my fair share of Edouard Renault's estate."

Cecily and Conrad had come from the poor side of the family. As far as she could see, this was their chance to get even for what she perceived as their great grandmother being left out in the cold.

Jacques Renault had made himself a fortune, and then he'd left his sister to live like a pauper. What kind of man does that, anyway? Cecily had always hated her great grandmother's brother for that, and now that she had a bonafide chance to rectify the error, she wasn't about to let it slip away to some technicality.

"Cecily, I just don't see how we can do anything but wait and see." If Conrad had half as much determination as that effective stare of his, they just might get somewhere.

"Connie..." She called him by the childhood nicknamed he loathed so much. She had to do something to get him riled up. "This is no time to take a wait and see stance."

But of course, Conrad could afford to feel indifferent about the prospect. He'd done all right for himself, making a decent living as a probate attorney, while Cecily had been stuck in that hospital nursery for more years than she'd ever planned to stay. Of course, she loved the babies. That's why she'd stayed. But there was something to be said for never having to go to the hospital again as a means to support herself. She'd much rather drop in for a visit once in a while. And Edouard Renault, as dead as he was, could make that happen.

Cecily barged across the room toward Conrad. "Do you think those billions are going to come knocking on the door? Connie, we have to take charge here."

"Take charge?" he crowed. "There's no way Andre de Laurent will relinquish his inheritance."

At Conrad's side now, Cecily reached for a glass and filled it with water. "Well, he won't have a choice if he's not married at the end of sixty days now, will he?" She held the glass next to her cheek and let her resolve shape her mouth into a smug smile.

"Look, when a man stands to inherit billions-if he needs a wife to do it, he'll find one and he'll have no trouble in his hunt." He looked at the glass he'd been holding. He drew in a long breath then raised it to his lips, putting away half of the contents.

"We'll just have to make sure he doesn't find one." Cecily reiterated with a nod.

"And how do you suppose we do that?"

"The first thing we have to do is find out whether or not he has any fair prospects from the women that he's already acquainted with."

"Well, of course he does. Every girl he's ever known is a fair prospect."

"You should hope that he'll have to buy a wife." Cecily was sure her laughter, although refrained, bit at Conrad.

"Why should that be so?"

"Because, brother dear, whatever he offers her, we'll offer her more if she foils his plan."

It wasn't that Cecily had anything in particular against Andre de Laurent. Right now, he was the obstacle that stood in her way.

Little brother Conrad might be willing to sit around and wait to see if Andre de Laurent was going to find himself a wife or surrender the inheritance to them, but Cecily was not. She hadn't spent forty-two years on this Earth to be cheated a second time.

Conrad was about to say something-probably more contempt for her plan-when the door opened. Cecily glanced up, seeing her husband and the PI they'd hired. "Ah, good...here's Daniel now." She set her glass on the bar and cut her eyes toward Conrad. "I have it all figured out. You'll see."

Daniel sidled up to Cecily and gave her a peck on the cheek. She responded with a cooing smile, took Daniel's hands and nodded at the PI.

"Conrad," Daniel said. "This is Peter Wittmeyer. Peter, this is my brother-in-law Conrad Garceau. And you know my wife Cecily."

"Connie," Cecily focused on her brother. "Mr. Wittmeyer has been in America, specifically California, on our behalf."

"Why?" Conrad's shaky voice and his ever-shifting eyes told Cecily he was tallying up imaginary numbers in his head. Wondering if they could afford it? No, but when billions were at stake, she was more than willing to take the risk. Conrad cleared his throat, but it did little to bring confidence to his tone. "Why would we send him to America?"

"To do reconnaissance." Cecily turned to Peter, and asked, "Any luck?"

"That girl..." Wittmeyer said. "The one in the papers. She denies any close relation to de Laurent."

"You talked directly to her?"

"Yes. I had breakfast at her place of employment. We had a nice conversation. She's a waitress, which does corroborate her claim that they're not involved."

Cecily snorted. "Anybody who's been photographed with my dear, distant cousin as many times as she has...you can believe they are involved."

"I'm just telling you what she said." Peter shook his head. "If your cousin is going to get married, she'll be the one, and I doubt you'll be able to sway her."

"Oh, dear..." Cecily felt the knot form in her gut. "This is not good. Not good at all." She swallowed hard, but was unable to keep the knot from rising into her throat.

"It's just a minor setback," Peter said.

"How so?"

"Doesn't his marriage have to last a year?"

Cecily nodded.

"Well then, just make sure you break it up before that."

Cecily sucked in a breath of hope. If Andre and his American floozy did marry, and Cecily somehow managed to break them up, surely the terms of the will wouldn't tolerate a second shot.

CHAPTER SIX

THE SUN HAD NEARLY SET BEHIND THE horizon by the time Simon, Andre's valet, had him packed and ready to head for America. Andre held onto the hope that this trip would put a quick end to his search for a bride.

Naturally, if Andre needed a wife, Tasha was his first choice. And Papa just may have come up with an approach to make that happen-in return for helping him, Andre would make Tasha a star.

It was the best offer he could make her, and the only one, he was sure, that would entice her to agree to this crazy scheme.

She had to consent to it. If she didn't, he'd have to look for a wife elsewhere. And that meant he wouldn't be able to see Tasha during the charade. That thought settled low and heavy in his stomach.

At the airport, the car rolled to a stop on the tarmac near one of de Laurent Enterprises' many jets.

Simon left the car first and lingered by the door until Andre emerged. They headed for the stairs leading up to the airplane and Andre found himself praying for a favorable outcome with Tasha.

He wasn't looking forward to trying his brother Julian's method for finding a wife. Granted, it'd turned out well for Julian, but Andre didn't see much chance of that happening for him. No matter what happened, somebody was going to get hurt. Thanks to Edouard Renault's will, not just Andre's inheritance depended upon his getting married.

Fifteen minutes later, Andre was fastened in his seat belt, eagerly awaiting take-off. When the airplane finally started moving, he leaned back into the plush, oversized chair and closed his eyes.

Hours from now, his troubles would either be solved, or just beginning.

Queasy sensations in Tasha Gordon's belly were quickly turning into an overwhelming need to gag. If she had to deliver one more plate of fried eggs, sunny-side-up, she'd lose the bagel she'd had for breakfast.

Just her luck, Electric Avenue was packed with locals and tourists on this Saturday morning. She was glad she didn't have any auditions, bit parts, or commercials lined up for today, because all she wanted to do was go home and fall into bed.

Hurrying toward the double doors leading into the kitchen, she glanced at her watch. 10:58 am. Another hour before she was free to go home and...well, to be honest, hugging the toilet seemed far more likely than hitting the bed.

Pushing her way through the doors, the smell of bacon, onion, and burnt toast wrapped around her in a thick, suffocating vapor. That queasy feeling she'd been experiencing rose into her throat.

Oh, God.... She made a beeline for the employees' bathroom in the back.

Moments later, with shaky hands she splashed cold water onto her face and then looked up into the mirror, startled but not surprised at her pale reflection.

The rosy scented air freshener overwhelming the restroom threatened to start the process all over again. She held her breath while dabbing her face and hands with a paper towel before leaving the small, confined space.

Thanks to her weak stomach, Tasha was forced to leave work early. The sad part was that she didn't even care about the lost tips from the customers she would've waited on in that last hour.

Truth was, she'd been feeling nauseous for several days now. Normally that wouldn't cause her a whole lot of alarm-except that her period was three weeks late.

Finally, Tasha accepted that she'd better stop by the drugstore.

Tasha entered the apartment and tossed her keys into the jade-green bowl on the table in the entryway. She glanced at the small brown paper bag in her hand and gave it a moment's pause before setting it on the table next to the bowl.

God, it's hot in here. She headed for the bedroom, shedding clothes as she went. A cool shower. That's what she needed. Maybe it'd help her feel better. She cranked the water on, tested the temperature and waited until it felt just right before stepping inside and closing the door.

She lifted her head to the spray and let the water pelt her face. As individual streams cascaded down over her body, she secretly hoped it'd wash away the yucky feeling that'd taken up residence in her belly and was now trying to move up into her throat.

Tasha lingered in the shower longer than usual. Anything to put off the inevitable. But when the water started to turn cold, and stayed that way after turning the hot all the way up, she twisted the faucet into the off position. She grabbed the towel hanging over the shower door and wrapped it around her body, then opened the door and raked her wet hair behind her ear before stepping out onto the bathroom rug.

A cold bite rushed over her and she draped the towel tighter. Stepping up to the sink, she wiped the moisture off the mirror with her wrist and peered through the distortion.

Tasha swabbed her body dry and tousled some of the dampness out of her hair. Once the chill left her, she dropped the towel to the floor, turned sideways and peered at her belly in the mirror.

There were no telltale signs to help her guess what the outcome of the test might be. Her tummy was as flat as it had always been. But her boobs, now those had acquired a noticeable swell, not to mention soreness, in the last couple of weeks.

She felt the moan rising up into her throat, and it threatened to bring with it the nausea.

Tasha slipped her arms into the silk camisole that Andre had given her. She secured the belt as she made her way into the hall. Cutting through the living room, she glanced briefly to the brown paper bag on the table in the entryway. Tasha dismissed it and continued into the kitchen.

If she made herself some soup or something-it had to be something light for her queasy stomach-she could put off the unavoidable a little while longer.

Searching through the pantry, she found a can of Minestrone and a can of Chicken and Stars. Camille had always laughed at her for eating kids' soup. But Tasha didn't care. She liked it better than that chunky stuff.

She contemplated the Minestrone, for about a second, and then opted to go with the Chicken and Stars instead, figuring it'd settle on her stomach easier. While heating it up in the microwave would've been quicker, she decided on the more traditional route, stovetop, because it would take longer. Right now, for Tasha, it was all about postponing the inescapable.

While the soup heated, Tasha grabbed a bowl, some crackers, and a spoon. After crumbling a handful of crackers up in her bowl, she checked the soup's temperature. Perfect. She ladled a scoop into the bowl and took a seat at the kitchen table.

Tasha was about to take a bite when the thought entered her head that it might be a good idea to have a glass of milk. Once she had the nutritious drink in hand, she returned to the table and took her sweet time eating.

When she was done, she let out a soft sigh and pushed herself up from the table. There was no sense putting it off any longer. Besides, she couldn't think of anything else to do, other than take a nap. But that'd just turn out badly. She'd probably have dreams about taking pregnancy tests.

No matter how much she wanted to put it off a little longer, she lumbered into the living room and on to the table in the entryway. She snatched up the paper bag and headed to the bathroom.

Having made up her mind that it was time, Tasha sat down on the toilet and opened the box. She ripped the wrapper off the test, uncapped it and then waited until she could go.

Some moments later, she looked at the test.

Pregnant. The damned stick said she was pregnant.

Still sitting on the toilet, Tasha held the test with one hand and dropped her forehead into the other. Oh, God. How was she going to tell Andre-a man she had a casual relationship with, at best-that he'd knocked her up?

Andre was coming for a visit in a day or two. What was she supposed to say to him? She wasn't even sure how she felt about being pregnant.

Can you abort Andre's baby? A little voice in Tasha's head-or maybe it was her heart-posed the question.

Moisture in her eyes blurred her vision, but she managed to the get the cap on the stick and put it on the tank behind her.

Finishing up her business, she left the stick on the back on the toilet and went to the sink to wash her hands. Drying them on the towel hanging near the sink, she sucked in a deep breath but it did nothing to calm the chaotic storm brewing inside.

A baby. Oh, God...was she ready for this? Not alone. But she wasn't prepared to abort Andre's child either.

Tears spilled over from Tasha's eyes.

Heading into the living room, she plucked a Kleenex from the box on the coffee table and dropped down onto the couch.

She tucked her feet beneath her and prepared to let the waterworks flow when a knock echoed through the door.

Tasha dried her eyes and swabbed her nose. Heading for the door, she raked her chin-length bangs back behind her ear.

Who the hell is this...? Ran through her mind as she opened the door.

CHAPTER SEVEN

TASHA'S NATURALLY CHEERY BLUE EYES were sad and red and wet. That wiped the smile off Andre's lips. "Mon tresor...?" He lifted a hand to brush away her tears.

"Andre..." She sucked in a deep breath and offered him a meager smile while running a hand over her long, blonde hair that she'd pulled back into a ponytail.

Seeing her fight her tears made him forget about his problems. "Tasha, what's the matter?"

She shook her head. "I was just watching some dumb, sappy movie on TV." She reached out and latched on to his wrist. "You're early," she said, pulling him inside. "Everything okay?"

"Everything's fine. I just wanted to see you." He dropped it at that and let her lead him into the living room. There was plenty of time to tell her about his troubles-like tomorrow. Today, he needed to find out what was troubling her so. He didn't accept her story about a movie.

They cozied up together on the couch. "I'm glad you're here." She laid her head on his chest.

"Me, too." Andre draped his arms around her and managed to keep his voice on a nonchalant level. "How's work?" Maybe that was the problem. He knew her tips had been diminishing lately, ever since their pictures had started appearing in the American papers.

"Same shit. Different day." She shrugged it off. "More and more people have been recognizing me as the constant companion of the French playboy Andre de Laurent." Her soft laughter lingered on the air.

"You know that I'm more than willing to supplement your income." He put it out there again, even though he knew what she'd say.

She crooked her head up to look at him. "You know money's not what I want from you."

"Yes, I do know that." And so did Papa. Maybe that's why Maurice de Laurent had taken a shine to her-as Tasha would say. "But I'm directly responsible for your loss of income."

"If only my connection to you could influence Hollywood as much as it does my customers." She laughed again, with bite this time, and then laid her head back on his chest.

"Hollywood just needs a little nudge. They need to be shown what a great actress you are." And if Andre's inheritance came through, he could do that for her. Not only were his brother and sister's legacies dependent upon him, now it seemed he was Tasha's best chance at landing that big break.

It was something he had to do for her, even if it meant he'd lose her. He got the feeling that offering to make Tasha a star in exchange for marrying him so he could get his inheritance would ultimately lead to his losing her.

"From your lips to God's ears."

Tomorrow. Tomorrow he'd tell her about his quandary. He'd word it just right so she'd see that she could help herself and his family, which now included Camille. If he reminded her that helping Julian also meant she'd be helping Camille-that just might tip the scales in Andre's favor.

But tonight, tonight he just wanted to spend one last perfect night with her because tomorrow would change everything.

"Say, are you hungry?" Tasha raised her head and looked at Andre.

"Do you want to go out to dinner?"

"No. If it's all the same with you, I'd just like to hang out here for a quiet evening."

"Then that's what we'll do," Andre said. "But let's order some takeout. What are you in the mood for?"

Nothing. Food was the last thing Tasha wanted, considering her queasy stomach. But now that she had confirmation that she had a baby growing inside her, she supposed she should eat something. "Maybe some Chinese. What do you think?"

She fully expected Andre to agree since Chinese was one of his favorites, and she wasn't surprised when he nodded, and said, "Sounds perfect."

She grabbed the phone off the coffee table, hit number three on the speed dial for China Gardens, a little restaurant right around the corner, and ordered their favorites: Kung Pau Chicken, General Chicken and vegetable fried rice. Fifteen minutes later, Mr. Wong's grandson was knocking on the door to deliver the goods.

They ate-well, Andre ate and Tasha did a good job of pretending to eat by stirring her food around on the plate and picking at a bite every now and then.

Once Andre pushed his plate aside, she did the same. He followed her to the couch where she leaned back and gave her tummy a gentle rub. "I'm stuffed."

"You hardly ate anything at all." Andre chuckled and draped his arms around her.

"I had some soup before you got here."

Andre nodded. "That explains it."

"How's Camille?"

"She's doing well. Papa is pestering them to have a baby." Andre rolled his eyes and a slight snort escaped him.

A bad feeling twisted with the nausea in Tasha's gut. It wouldn't do for Julian to find out about her condition. In fact, it would annoy him to know that baby brother had fathered the first grandchild.

"I wish I could go see her," Tasha said.

"Just say the word."

She shook her head. "I can't."

"Sure you can. We could be there by morning."

Her lips pressed together in a slight grimace. "I have to stay here. Rent's coming due soon."

"We could also settle that before we leave."

As tempting as that sounded, Tasha said, "No, Andre. That's not why I'm with you."

But why couldn't she say yes? All things considered, it was no longer wrong of her to take money from Andre. She was carrying his kid. He should help out.

In light of that, couldn't she agree to let him pay her rent for next month and head on over to France to see Camille? Sure, but what about when she got back? How long did she expect Marsha, Electric Avenue's manager, to hold her job for her? While she did believe it was Andre's responsibility to help her take care of the baby, she didn't expect him to take care of both of them while she did nothing but spend his money.

There was a name for women like that. Wife or mistress. Tasha was neither.

"Nobody's questioning why you're with me. Least of all me." Andre pressed his lips to hers and Tasha's thoughts spun as she opened her mouth.

As his tongue played with hers, she fisted his hair in her hands. She let out a moan and he responded with a much more demanding kiss.

This was Tasha's downfall. She was a fool for this man. A simple look, a soft smile, the slightest touch left her wanting more and more of Andre.

"Now that's a hell of a welcome," he whispered against her lips.

She giggled. "I'm glad you came early. I've missed you."

"That's why you need to come to France with me," he said, blazing a fiery trail of kisses across her cheek and to her neck. "Just imagine..." he whispered, "I would make love to you every day."

Tasha let out a deep sigh. "You sure know how to tempt a girl."

"Then come with me."

"Maybe I could get a job in France." Tasha laughed.

Andre pulled away, and Tasha moaned, tugging at him to come back. "Do my ears deceive me?" he asked. "Are you caving?" Looking at her, his smile reached all the way to his eyes. "Hold that thought. Or better yet..." He winked at her. "Meet me in the bedroom."

Andre pushed himself up and held out his hand.

"Where are you going?" she asked.

"To the restroom," he said, still holding out his hand.

"Go ahead, I'll be right there." Tasha gave him a smile. "I just need to catch my breath. You have that effect on me, you know."

Andre's ego puffed out his chest and straightened his shoulders. He watched her as he rounded the couch and she looked over her shoulder until he'd disappeared into the bedroom.

She turned back around and blew out a soft sigh. Geez. Her head was spinning with desire. But she couldn't let that carry her away. She still had a secret-a huge one-that she had to share with Andre, sooner rather than later.

What would he say? Would he still want her to come with him to France? She hadn't even dared to hope that far ahead.

Tasha would love to go to France with Andre, and not for just a few days. There was a fair chance he'd ask her to come with him once she told him about the baby. But she wanted to be more than just an obligation.

She wanted-

"Tasha?" A powerful voice, one she'd never heard from Andre, yelled her name from inside her bedroom.

Oh, shit. She'd forgotten about the pregnancy test she'd left laying on the back on the toilet.

Still holding the stick in his hand, apprehension fogged Andre's brain and turned his knees to jelly.

Pregnant?

Tasha appeared in his peripheral vision. He cut his gaze toward her and saw the fear stiffen her face.

"Are you pregnant with my child?" he asked.

She sucked in a breath and nodded.

Andre's hand trembled as he dragged his fingers through his hair. He inhaled deeply, but it did nothing to calm his jitters or tell him what he should do next. What he really wanted to do was sit down.

As if sensing his need, Tasha stepped back, out of the doorway. He stumbled past her, handing her the stick as he passed by her on the way to her bed. His knees gave out a couple of feet short.

Tasha rushed to his side and fell to the bed with him. Instantly, Andre felt bad about that. He should be assisting her, not the other way around.

Her tears were still flowing and suggested she must have just found out herself, which is why the pregnancy test was still on the back of the toilet. She wasn't expecting him today, after all.

"This wasn't exactly the way I wanted you to find out," she said, looking at the stick. He suspected she was still trying to process the news herself.

Andre didn't want to push her, but he had a million questions. "When did this happen?" he asked one of them.

"July." She used the back of her hand to wipe away her flowing tears. Andre had spent the entire month of July with her. When he'd arrived in California at the beginning of the month, her period was just finishing up. "I haven't had a period since then," she added.

Andre ran the numbers through his head. That meant she was about nine or ten weeks along-and definitely with his child.

He looked at her. "What do you want to do?"

"Well..." She shrugged and hesitated. "I'm not exactly in a position to have and raise a child." She stopped long enough to look at him. "But when I think about aborting our baby-" Her tears fell harder. Andre pulled into his loving embrace. She leaned on him, and said in a somewhat strangled voice, "I just can't do it."

"Don't trouble yourself about it." He stood, picked her up and carried her to the head of the bed and the pillow, and laid her down. "Right now, I just want you to get some rest."

She reached for his hand. "Will you stay with me? I'm not feeling all that well." She patted her stomach and laughed. "I guess I know why now."

"Sweetheart, I'm not going anywhere." He gave her a reassuring smile. "I am going to make you some tea, though." He'd heard Claudette say there was nothing better to soothe morning sickness than hot tea.

Andre trotted into the kitchen and stood there looking around. Tea. It can't be that hard. He just needed some hot water, a tea bag and some cream and sugar.

He could always heat the water up in the microwave. But for how long?

Well, there was only one thing to do. He reached for his cell phone in his inner blazer pocket and hit the speed dial. Instantly, he heard his valet's voice.

"Simon..." Andre said just above a whisper, so he didn't disturb Tasha. "I need a cup of hot water. For tea. How long should I microwave it?"

After receiving instructions from Simon, Andre laid out tea for two on a tray he found in one of the cabinets. He would take it in to Tasha's room, they would have some nice, soothing tea, and then they'd decide how to proceed.

CHAPTER EIGHT

TWO DAYS LATER, TASHA WAS FEELING MUCH BETTER. Andre invited her to come with him to see a house that he'd said Papa and Claudette were anxious for him to sell-on Lecie's behalf. Tasha happily accepted.

The Spanish-styled hacienda had great beach access and a gorgeous view of the Pacific Ocean. But Tasha couldn't understand why the family had gotten Lecie the house in the first place if they just wanted to turn around and sell it out from under her.

A wall of three sets of French doors flanked the western side of the massive living area. The realtor had opened the doors and now Tasha leaned against the middle doorjamb, gazing out at the blue ocean behind the green grass.

Andre stepped up beside her. "Denise says," he said of the realtor, "there's a terrace just beyond the lawn on the way down to the beach. She says it's just a few steps down to get to it. Want to take a look?"

Tasha glanced at Andre. "Sure." She pushed off the doorway and kicked her shoes off before stepping onto the soft, supple grass.

Andre reached for her hand. They strolled together toward a wooden walkway that dropped down a few steps to the terrace, then twisted and turned all the way down to the Pacific.

Cozy beige and tan chairs circled a round table on the patio. Andre waited until Tasha sat, then he did the same.

"God, it's beautiful here," she said, her eyes still glued to the Pacific. A slight hint of salt wafted in on the sea air.

"That it is."

Tasha could feel his eyes on her. She pulled her gaze away from the ocean to look at him. The wind tousled his dark hair about his face. Even though Andre was smiling, his blue eyes weren't successful in shielding the torment hiding behind them. He hadn't said much about the baby since he'd discovered the pregnancy test stick in the bathroom yesterday.

She knew he wasn't keen on marriage. Until recently she hadn't been a fan of it herself. But now, with a baby on the way, her opinion was changing. She wanted the baby, but she also wanted Andre to raise it with her.

"So...will you be selling the house?" she asked.

"To Papa and Claudette's dismay..." He shook his head. "Unfortunately not. With the current state of the economy, the market is just too unstable. Lecie would lose millions on the deal. Papa and Claudette aren't going to like it, but I'm going to recommend that Lecie retain ownership for now."

"I don't get it." Tasha twisted sideways in the chair to face Andre. "If they don't want her to have this property, why'd they buy it for her in the first place?"

"Oh, they didn't. My sister inherited it from my lately deceased uncle, Edouard Renault."

"Something Maurice can't control." Tasha chuckled. "I'll bet that's driving him mad."

"More than you can imagine." Andre shrugged a little, then his whole demeanor changed, growing serious. "Have you given any more thought to what you want to do? About the baby?"

"I know this is crazy, but I want to keep it." She waited until his gaze came back around to meet hers again. "You're welcome to as little or as much involvement as you want. No pressure."

Andre sucked in a breath, then said, "How do you feel about me?"

"Huh?"

"It's a simple question. Do you have feelings for me?" While Andre waited for her answer, sensuous thoughts of them played in her head. He must have seen the mischievous smile that touched her lips because he followed his inquiry with, "I don't mean like that." He hesitated, then added, "Do you love me?"

Her head began nodding before she said, "Yes." And that, she realized, was why she couldn't consider aborting their child. "Of course, you know I do. If I don't say it enough...I love you, Andre."

He leaned toward her and wrapped his hands around hers. "I'm glad you said that because you know I feel the same way. I love you." He hesitated again, squeezing her hands this time. "Why don't we get married?"

"Married?" Seriously?

"Sure, why not? We love each other. We should get married and give our child a proper family."

"A baby isn't a good enough reason to get married."

"Sure it is, if the parents love each other." His eye contact with her was powerful, even more intense than when they were making love. It was a look that turned her inside out and made her want to say, yes.

The need to cry, born from somewhere deep down in her gut, clawed its way up her chest and into her throat. She inhaled sharply, trying to crush it.

"Tasha..." Andre continued his bid to win her over. "All the baby does is prompt me to do what I should've done a long time ago." And then he did it. Andre de Laurent went down on one knee. "Marry me. Spend the rest of your life with me and make me the happiest man on Earth."

Her voice broke as she said, "Are you sure?"

Andre stood and pulled her into his arms. "Never more sure of anything in my life."

"But what will your family say?"

"Well, Julian won't be happy that he wasn't the one to deliver the first grandchild, but Papa is going to be over the moon. And Claudette...we may have to fight her for that baby."

Andre pulled Tasha's mouth to his and kissed her long and hard and convincing.

Two days later, Tasha leaned back against the plush couch on the de Laurent jet. Andre and Simon were huddled together on the other side of the cabin near the wet bar. They had to be up to something, but what she couldn't guess.

Andre turned toward her with a mischievous grin tipping the corners of his mouth. He looked at her and something in his manner soothed her. She smiled, and he went to her and cuddled up next to her on the couch.

"So we're headed to Tahoe, right?" she asked. It had to be Tahoe because that's where her parents lived.

"Yes." Andre caressed her face. "Are you feeling all right?"

She nodded. "I'm fine."

"You're not nervous about telling your parents?"

"You're not?"

"Of course I'm not." Andre grinned. "They love me."

"That they do."

Tasha had taken a page from Camille's play book, insisting that she and Andre marry before leaving the States. And since they were going to marry before heading to France, she wanted do it in Tahoe, with her parents at her side.

The way Tasha saw it, Andre didn't have anything to lose if they got to France and he was talked out of the marriage. If she was going to give up her apartment and quit her job, she wanted some reassurance that when they got to France she wouldn't be shown the door by the de Laurent faction.

Not that she thought Andre would do that to her. He'd never do anything to hurt her, not on purpose anyway. But emotions were running high, what with the baby and all.

Andre was an honorable man. She knew that. She also knew he was trying to do the right thing. In the light of day, Maurice-who might not be as on board with this baby adventure as Andre thought-stood a pretty good chance of talking Andre out of marrying Tasha. It was, after all, something that until now Andre himself hadn't been in favor of doing with anyone. Ever.

That's why Tasha had asked that they marry before leaving America. In her mind, it would be a lot harder to show a wife the door rather than a fiance.

"Mon tresor..." Andre fingered her bangs back out of her face. "Why the long face? Are you unhappy?"

Tasha closed her eyes and shook her head. "Oh, no. I'm very happy." She opened her eyes back up and looked at him. "I'm just a little nervous."

"But why?" Andre fiddled with his tie. "I know you think you're giving up your dream to marry me and have our baby, but that's just not true."

"My dream?" She narrowed her eyes.

"You want to be an actress."

"Well, yeah...I did."

"If you want to be an actress," he said. "I will make that happen."

"I don't know, Andre." She dragged her fingers through her hair. "It just doesn't seem that important anymore." She shrugged and tilted her head to one side. "People's dreams can change right along with the circumstances."

She supposed that's what happened to Andre, too. He'd gotten a new dream, just like she had. And that's why she was on this plane about to head to Tahoe to marry him.

"There's something I want to tell you." His demeanor became quieter, less animated. He reached for her hand and cut his gaze away from her.

This was starting to sound an awful lot like a confession. And confessions were rarely good. Fear knotted in Tasha's gut. "If you've changed your mind," she said behind jittery nerves, "you'd better talk to the pilot before he takes off."

Andre laughed, loud and hearty. "I'm not changing my mind." He shook his head. "Remember the house we went to see? For my sister?"

"The one she inherited from your uncle?"

Andre nodded. "I need to tell you about my inheritance."

"Okay..." The word fell off her lips. Tasha wasn't sure what Andre's inheritance had to do with her, but considering that his inheritance would someday lead to her own child's inheritance, she supposed she had a right to the details. Immediately, she felt the need to reiterate her position, and said, "I'll sign any prenup you want. I know you'll provide for our child."

"The prenup will be fair to both you and our child. But that's not what this is about." He paused long enough to catch his breath. "My uncle, or rather my mother's uncle, Edouard Renault, didn't have any children. Julian and I were his nearest living relatives."

"So he wasn't a blood relation to Lecie? But he left her a house anyway," Tasha said. "That's so cool."

"Oh, not just a house. Fifty million to go with it." In just a few words, Andre's demeanor had gone from edgy and uncertain to lighthearted and amusing.

"Fifty million?" The words caught in her throat and she started hyperventilating.

Andre's carefree demeanor stepped aside, in favor of a new, take-charge disposition. "Bring us some water, Simon."

Without a word, Simon delivered a chilled glass and a bottle of water. Andre took them, thanked Simon, then poured a bit of the water into the glass and handed it to Tasha. "Simon, inform Barkley to prepare for take-off."

"Right away, sir." Simon stepped back, turned and headed through the cabin door.

"I'm sorry." Tasha paused to sip the cool water. "Fifty million dollars is way beyond my comprehension."

"As my wife, you should get used to it." He fastened Tasha into her safety belt, then searched for his own.

"Why? Did you and Julian inherit fifty million too?"

"Julian did. But I inherited much, much more." He paused to click his belt in place. "I inherited the bulk of my uncle's fortune. There's a conglomerate, Mont Claire Enterprises, which includes Riviera Hotels and Draco Studios among its holdings."

Andre looked at Tasha, probably waiting for her to say something, but she couldn't. She was flabbergasted. She had to say something, though. The last thing she wanted Andre to think was that she couldn't handle his world. "So..." Her tone was weak, so she cleared her throat before continuing. "I guess I don't have to worry about whether or not you can take care of me in the style I'm accustomed to." She capped it off with an uncertain laugh.

Tasha had never had the luxury of not having to worry about next month's rent, groceries, and utilities. This was going to be a new experience for her. One she hoped she didn't muck up too terribly.

Her wit was one of the things Andre loved about Tasha. Even when she was nervous, she had an innate ability to see humor in most situations.

She drew in a deep sigh, then said, "Well, I suppose there's one good thing that can come from this."

"And what's that?" Andre asked, loosening his safety belt now that the airplane had reached its cruising altitude.

Tasha said with a shrug, "It won't do Maurice much good to threaten to disinherit you for marrying me."

Andre chuckled. "I have a feeling my father's going to be very happy about this marriage."

He could've told her the rest, that he had to marry, but why invite trouble? Besides, this was no longer a temporary proposition. He intended to stay married to Tasha. For good. There was no need to make her feel as if he was only marrying her for the money. She was already worried that the baby was the reason they were getting married. He didn't need to add to her anxiety. Too much might scare her away, or worse yet, harm the baby. Now there was much more at stake than money. Andre couldn't bear the thought of losing Tasha and their child because of some stupid will. No, it was better for all concerned that he kept that part of the stipulation to himself.

Andre was determined not to do anything else that might upset Tasha in her delicate state.

The jet was small enough to land at the airport in Tahoe, which saved them a long limo ride from Reno.

Tasha had to hand it to Andre, the man knew how to get things done, and in style. When they landed at the small airport on the California side, a car was waiting to take them across the state line into Nevada-where their American wedding would take place.

Andre had reserved a suite at the Shoreline Hotel and Casino. The rooms were small-by Andre's standards-and rustic, but they were clean and comfortable, which was all Tasha cared about.

Ever since they'd left L.A., Andre and Simon had been huddled together closer than a pack of thieves. First on the airplane and now in the hotel's lobby, whispering and carrying on about something. If Tasha was the embarrassing kind, she'd be worried. Instead, she was merely curious, and wondering what grand surprise Andre had in store for her.

He turned away from Simon and stepped toward her. "They'll take our luggage to our suite. Are you hungry? We can dine in the suite or the restaurant. Whatever you prefer."

"I suppose I should eat something." Tasha shrugged. "Maybe in our room, though."

A smile relaxed Andre's face, like he was happy about that. It was probably the papers. If the local press got wind that he and Tasha were in Tahoe, they'd be all over them.

A bellboy escorted them to their suite via a private elevator. Even though Tasha had been seeing Andre for nearly a year, she still marveled at the attention thrown their way just because Andre had a ton of money.

As usual, Simon tipped the bellboy. Tasha had no idea how much money Andre had instructed Simon to tip people on his behalf, but based on the wide-ass grin on the attendant's face as he backed out of the room, she'd guess it was pretty good.

"Simon, have some chicken soup and crackers brought up." Andre glanced at Tasha. "And perhaps a fruit platter?"

"Sounds perfect." Tasha nodded. "And some water, and plenty of ice." Her mouth was always dry. Tasha couldn't get enough ice. "Chips, if they have it."

"I'll see to it right away," Simon said.

"Would you like to go into the bedroom and rest for a bit?" Andre asked Tasha. "I'm going to make a few calls. I'll let you know when brunch is here. We can eat on the terrace off our bedroom if you'd like."

"Sure." Tasha looked around, wondering which room was theirs. "I am kind of tired." She could always call her parents after her catnap. Tasha was sure there'd be plenty of time to touch base with them before the ceremony Andre was arranging for later in the day.

Andre offered his arm and she took it. "Then go rest, mon tresor," he whispered, and led her toward their bedroom. "You take care of our little bundle-" Andre opened the door. "-And I'll take care of everything else."

After finishing his calls, Andre was satisfied that he had everything in order. Davis-the same attorney who'd handled Julian and Camille's prenup down in Vegas-was scheduled to arrive within the hour. A minister from Tahoe Dream Weddings, an hour after that. Andre's favorite jeweler in London had assured him the rings would arrive by courier before the minister.

Now, if only the food he'd ordered would arrive. Since it hadn't, it might be a great time to call Claudette. He'd call her, rather than Papa. Talking to her was always a much more pleasant experience.

Andre called her cell phone instead of the house phone, to be sure he'd get her and not Papa. The family didn't always answer the house phone, they usually left that for the servants. But when the family did answer the phone, it was always at the most inopportune time-especially Papa.

Waiting for Claudette to answer his call, Andre stepped out onto the terrace for maximum privacy. The late summer air was cool, but not enough to raise the chills that prickled his skin. He ignored them. They'd go away soon enough, just as soon as he alerted the family to keep quiet about the stipulations of Edouard's will.

"Andre..." Claudette's chipper voice greeted him. "Do you have good news for me. Shall I start planning the wedding?"

Andre chuckled. "Yes. Yes, you can." He sucked in a breath as the chills threatened to consume him. "There is one thing though, the wedding is real."

"Of course, it is," she said, as if she were privy to some state secret.

"No, really. I've asked Tasha to be my wife." Andre shook his head. "Not to just help me fulfill a will's stipulations for a man I hardly knew."

"You mean it's not temporary?" Her tone quivered with hope.

"Precisely." Andre nodded. "And in light of that, you can understand why I don't want anyone to mention the will's stipulations to Tasha."

"You haven't told her about the will?" Claudette's tone rose with alarm.

"No, she knows about the will. She just doesn't know I need to marry to inherit."

"I can understand why you'd want to keep that quiet," she said. "But you know, these things have a way of blowing up in our faces."

"Yes, and the way it's going to blow up is if she knows about it. She'll think I'm marrying her to inherit, but that's just a perk. It's not why I'm doing it."

Claudette was silent for a moment, and Andre thought she was building another objection. A strong one. But, to his surprise, she said, "In light of the will, I suppose you want the wedding to take place quickly?"

"That would be ideal."

"How about the end of next week?"

"Can you arrange it that quickly?"

"Of course." Her voice was full of confidence. "It won't be the event of the season, but it will be tasteful and elegant. I promise, Tasha won't be disappointed."

"That's why I called you."

"Okay, so let me get to work. When are you coming home?"

"We'll be in tomorrow morning. You can chat with Tasha about the details then." Andre sat down in the nearest chair. "And don't forget...not a word."

"We are, if nothing else, discreet."

Satisfied that he had everything under control Andre ended the call, deposited his cell phone back into his blazer's inner pocket and went back inside.

Where was that food? Surprisingly, he was hungry.

CHAPTER NINE

TASHA HAD A LOVE-HATE RELATIONSHIP WITH HER MOTHER. Nola Gordon had been a frightful stage mother. She had Tasha working in commercials before she could even crawl, much less walk. And once Tasha did start auditioning for speaking parts, if she didn't get it her mother never missed the opportunity to remind her it was because she wasn't good enough, pretty enough, or talented enough.

As Tasha dialed the telephone number, she prayed her father would answer instead of her mother.

"Gordons." Her mother's voice flowed through the earpiece.

"Hi, Mom." Tasha tried to cover her disappointment in a cheerful greeting. She thought about asking how things were going, but that'd open the door for a long rant about how someone, probably Marge Dickerson, was trying to take over the planning of some event on the social scene. Tasha didn't have the time or the inclination to listen to that today. Instead of inviting trouble, she got straight to the point. "Andre and I are in town. Can you and Daddy come over?"

"A little notice would've been nice." Even over the airwaves, Nola Gordon's tone gave Tasha a good admonishing.

"Sorry, Mom. We didn't know we were coming until this morning."

"Well, it would be nice to see Andre."

Andre? How about your only daughter? Tasha kept quiet. Anything she had to say at this point, she'd only end up regretting.

When she didn't respond after several seconds, her mother finally said, "Your father's playing golf. I'll call him and pick him up on the way over. Where are you? The Shoreline?"

"Yes." Tasha nodded, even though her mother couldn't see her. "Come as soon as you can. Okay?" Of course, she knew that as-soon-as-she-could would turn into an hour, maybe more.

On the bright side, that gave Tasha an hour to prepare for a meeting that could go either way. She hoped her mother would be thrilled about her marrying Andre. After all, he came with a lot of status that her mother would undoubtedly use to her advantage.

Then again, Nola might be livid. Especially if she thought Tasha was throwing away a budding career that she, Nola, had worked so hard to build.

After lunch arrived, Andre had Simon set it up on the terrace via the door leading out through the suite's main room.

Inside, Andre eased the door open to the room where Tasha was resting and found her watching television. "Couldn't sleep?" He went to the unoccupied side of the bed and sat down.

"I called my parents."

"You told them over the phone?"

Tasha shook her head. "They'll be here within the hour."

"Ah, good. Just in time for the ceremony." He leaned across the bed and brushed his lips over Tasha's cheek. "Brunch is here. Simon is setting it up on the terrace. Care to try a bite or two?"

"Sounds like a good idea." Tasha tossed the coverlet aside and sat up. "Fresh air might do me some good."

"Are you feeling ill? Should I ring for a doctor?"

"No, I'm fine. We have an appointment with the doctor in France soon, don't we?"

"Yes. A few days after the wedding over there." He laid his hand on her upper arm and gave her a gentle caress. "You sure you're feeling all right?"

Tasha turned to face him. "I'm feeling perfectly well...just a little tired."

"Good." He touched her lips with a gentle kiss. "I was hoping to go to sleep beside my wife tonight."

"Oh, you needn't worry about that." Tasha chuckled and reached for his hand. "Let's go eat." She stood and moved toward the door, still holding his hand. "I have a feeling we'll need the energy later."

Out on the terrace a banquet of food awaited them. Tasha picked up a few pieces of fruit, mostly watermelon, peaches, kiwi and strawberries, and nibbled on them between sips of the soup. Andre was glad to see her eating.

He made himself a sandwich from the tray of cold cuts and ate it in silence while mentally going over the afternoon's events to make sure he'd left nothing to chance.

It was bad enough that he was responsible for Julian and Lecie's inheritances, but now, now he was holding his unborn child's future inheritance in his hands. He couldn't spoil that. A U.S. wedding taking place today was imperative-his, Tasha's, and their baby's future depended on it.

"You're very quiet," she said. "What's on your mind?"

He looked at her and smiled. His smile always seemed to calm her. He hoped that was the case now. "I just want this day to be perfect for you." This wasn't a road they needed to go down. Andre didn't need Tasha worrying that he might be marrying her for all the wrong reasons. There would never be a better time than now.

Andre took the little blue jewelry box from his pocket, opened it up and set it in front of her. He gazed into her eyes and smiled. "I hope you like it."

She looked down at the jewelry box and her mouth fell open. "Oh, Andre..."

"I chose blue diamonds," he said, almost stuttering and quickly admonished himself for acting like a dunce. He cleared his throat and continued in a tone filled with confidence. "These in particular because they match the color of your eyes." She was crying now. Andre wasn't sure if that was good or bad. He hoped it was good. "We can get you a different set," he offered. "If you don't like these."

"It's better than okay..." She tried to laugh, but it was mixed with her tears. "They're absolutely beautiful. I wouldn't dream of trading my rings in for anything else."

Good. Andre took the box and tugged the rings from the crevice. She extended her left hand toward him and he slipped the engagement ring-a round-cut blue diamond haloed by white diamonds-on to her finger, saving the eternity band of matching blue diamonds for the ceremony.

Andre had picked out the set days ago, before he'd left Europe, but Tasha didn't need to know that. She didn't need to know that he'd come to the States with the intent of asking her to marry him. All she needed to know was that they were hers.

CHAPTER TEN

MOST DAYS, CLAUDETTE ENJOYED HER MID-MORNING TEA on the balcony off her second-floor bedroom that overlooked the rose garden. In the spring the scent was lovely.

Of course, in September, there wasn't much to smell, but she had other things to stimulate her happiness now-like Andre's phone call.

She couldn't be more pleased that Andre and Tasha's marriage would not be one of mere convenience, and she knew Maurice would feel the same once he heard the news.

The door opened behind her, but she didn't need to look over her shoulder to know it was Maurice. Not only was it standard procedure for him to join her out here, but his cologne with its slight citrus scent gave away his presence.

"Good morning, my darling." Maurice bent to kiss Claudette's cheek. She smiled and glanced up at her husband just as he moved to the other side of the small table and claimed the empty chair.

The de Laurent men were all devastatingly handsome, Maurice was no exception. Sure, his face was a bit worn and his hair had long since grayed at the temples. But he still drew the women's eye. Claudette was not blind to that fact. If he'd ever been unfaithful to her, he was discreet about it. For that Claudette was thankful.

Maurice took the cloth napkin, shook it out and laid it across his lap. "You seem to be in high spirits this morning."

Claudette took the coffeepot, opened it and smelled the steaming brew to make sure Maurice hadn't coerced the servants to sneak a little Bailey's in the coffee on his behalf. He'd done it before. This time she caught nothing but the reek of strong coffee and moved the pot back toward Maurice's cup. After filling his cup, she added a little cream and one cube of sugar. Finishing up, she smiled and said, "There's plenty to be pleased with this morning."

"Oh...?" He picked up his spoon and dipped it into his coffee.

Claudette imagined the prospects of good news that must be flowing through his mind. Camille is pregnant? Lecie has agreed to sell the house she inherited in California? Andre has managed to persuade Tasha....

Claudette laughed softly to herself. The list of Maurice's wishes could go on and on. She decided to end the suspense. "Andre telephoned last night."

Maurice's face brightened. "Tasha agreed to the marriage?"

"Better than that."

"What could be better...?"

"Their marriage is real. It's not simply one for convenience's sake."

"That is good news. What do you suppose brought this on?"

She shook her head. "I haven't a clue. I'm just glad he woke up before she moved on."

"Whatever it was, I couldn't be more pleased."

"Oh, yes..." Claudette tipped her forefinger into the air. "Andre said that she doesn't know about the will's stipulations and he wants to keep it that way. He doesn't want her thinking he's marrying her for the inheritance."

"Good point." Maurice nodded. "I can see why he'd be against her knowing that. But no matter, the marriage is real. The children will all inherit. All is well."

"Yes, and I have a million things to do before they arrive." She stood and dropped her napkin onto the remnants of a pastry on her near-empty plate. "Andre said they want the wedding to take place at the end of next week."

"Good. The quicker, the better." Maurice looked up. "Are they marrying in the States?"

Claudette nodded. "Yes."

"Good. The sooner they're legally wed...somewhere...the better."

Claudette sashayed around the table and gave Maurice a light kiss on the lips. "I'll see you later, darling."

Maurice watched Claudette disappear inside the house, patting the small flask in his jacket pocket. Once he was sure she was out of sight, he pulled it from his pocket, unscrewed the cap and spiked his coffee with a liberal shot. With a chuckle, he replaced the cap and slipped the flask back into his pocket.

He raised his cup to an imaginary salute and smiled. The Bailey's not only improved the coffee's taste, but it allowed him to pose a clandestine toast to his victory.

"Yes," Maurice said, just above a whisper. Andre will marry, he will inherit, right along with Julian and Lecie. Maurice glanced upward. "See, Edouard. I told you it would work out...just as I planned."

CHAPTER ELEVEN

THE DOORBELL RANG. Tasha rose, straightening her skirt.

Andre scooted to the edge of the couch and laid a gentle hand on her arm. "Mon tresor, I pay Simon a great deal of money to answer the door."

Tasha glanced down at Andre. "I'm sure it's my parents. I think I should be the first person they see."

"Very well." Andre caved with a smile and a slight nod. He watched Tasha head for the door and anxiety began to consume him.

Of course, her parents liked him, but would they be so magnanimous once they found out what he'd done to their daughter? He was marrying her, though. That had to count for something. Then again, he was taking her to France, thousands of miles away, not to mention across a very large ocean. Andre didn't see Tasha's parents being happy about that. The good news was that he could offer to bring them over anytime they wanted to visit.

Andre stood when Jim and Nola Gordon stepped inside the suite. Extending his hand, he moved toward them and shook the man's hand. "Jim, it's nice to see you again."

"Always a pleasure, Andre." Jim looked down at his own attire. "You'll have to excuse the way I'm dressed. I was out meeting with a few colleagues." Jim took a swing with an imaginary golf club, then he and Andre both chuckled.

Jim and Nola claimed one of the two couches in the suite's main room, while Andre snuggled close to Tasha on the sofa opposite them.

"How long will you two be in Tahoe?" Nola asked.

"We're leaving early this evening," Andre replied.

"A short trip then." Jim Gordon pretzeled his arms over his chest. "It's too bad you have to leave so soon. I'm sure Nola could've whipped up something marvelous for dinner."

"Next time." Andre felt Tasha stiffen and cuddled her closer to him. "Would you like to tell them, mon tresor?" he whispered the words against her ear. "Or shall I?"

"I will," she said with far less confidence than she typically had. She sucked in a breath and blew it out between her closed lips. "Mom. Dad. Andre and I are getting married."

"Married?" Jim repeated in a crumbling voice. His gaze drifted from Tasha to Andre and back to Tasha again. "I had no idea you two were that serious."

"Well I think it's wonderful!" Nola beamed with pride. "I couldn't be more pleased."

Huh? That was the last thing Tasha expected to hear from her mother-the consummate stage mother.

"Will you be getting married here in the States, or France?" Nola took over the conversation, effectively cutting off Tasha's father.

"Both, actually," Tasha said. Her father went stone-faced and cleared his throat. No matter what she said from here on out, she doubted her father would be happy. But it mattered little. She and Andre were getting married. She was pregnant. Once she revealed that, then and only then would her father jump reluctantly on board. "Mom. Dad. We're getting married this afternoon."

"What?" Her father's objection was clear in his tone.

Andre took his arm from around Tasha's shoulder and scooted to the edge of the couch. "Mr. Gordon, Jim...I love Tasha very much. And I promise you that I will always take care of her. My only goal in life will be her happiness."

"Of that, I have no doubt." Her father had plastered on his poker face, but Tasha knew, inside he was steaming. "But I can't help but wonder if you two should take a little more time to consider this."

"We can't, Daddy." Tasha dropped her gaze to her lap.

"And why not?"

"Because..." Tasha paused and pushed her gaze to Andre. "We're gonna have a baby."

Normally, being stuck in the back room of a hotel suite, alone with her mother would set Tasha on a track that led to the far side of distress. But today, the day she would become Mrs. Andre de Laurent, Tasha found her mother's presence somehow comforting.

Nola Gordon wasn't doing anything particularly useful, other than sitting on the edge of the bed while Tasha touched up her make-up. But seeing her mother's reflection in the mirror gave her some peace.

Maybe it was the approval thing. All her life, Tasha had wanted nothing more than her mother's approval, for her mother to be proud of her.

"Mom, please say you're happy for me. That you're not disappointed...even if you don't mean it." Tasha paused, holding the eye shadow brush next to her face, and looking at her mother's reflection in the mirror.

"Tasha, of course I'm happy for you." Nola beamed with a bright-eyed smile. Tasha thought her mother might be about to burst. "You've really hit the jackpot with Andre."

While she'd hoped her mother would add something like, "Andre is a wonderful man, and very deserving of my little girl." But Tasha knew that was more likely to have been something her father would have said. Nevertheless, Tasha was happy. And she was determined to not let her mother's lack of pride in her spoil the day.

Tasha finished her eye make-up and as she swabbed on some blush, she said, "I just didn't know if you'd think I was giving up on acting to marry Andre, and be disappointed in me."

Nola pushed herself up from the bed and latched on to Tasha with a boisterous hug. "Honey, you've landed the biggest role of your life. And I'm banking that everything I've taught you will help you turn in an Oscar-worthy performance."

Gawd, Mom, this isn't an act. This is my life. Your grandchild's life that we're talking about. Tasha reminded herself that she'd silently vowed not to do or say anything to offset the balance of this day. A day that she was determined to remember as perfect. She sucked in a deep, and hopefully cleansing breath, looked up at her mother and smiled. "I'm glad that we're in agreement. Marrying Andre is the right thing for me to do."

"And more than that-" Nola's biting tone ripped through Tasha. "See to it that you don't do anything to muck it up."

A quiet breeze drifted past Nola Gordon as she and her husband stood at the entrance of the Shoreline Hotel with their daughter and her new husband. The ceremony had been quick, but legal. Nola couldn't have been prouder of her new son-in-law.

A limo pulled up to the curb, stopping in front of the party. It would transport Andre and Tasha to the airport for the lengthy flight to Marseilles, France-Tasha's new home.

Tasha hugged Jim first. "Daddy, I'm so glad you and Mom could come today."

"We wouldn't have had it any other way." He smiled at Tasha.

As Tasha moved toward Nola, Andre offered his hand to Jim. "I'm eternally grateful that you and Mrs. Gordon could come out today. It means as much to me as it does Tasha."

"The pleasure was ours, Andre." Jim gave him an approving nod. "I trust you'll take excellent care of my daughter."

A nervous chuckle reverberated from Tasha as she reached for her mother. Nola pulled Tasha to her and hugged her tightly.

"Mother, I'm so glad you and Daddy were with me today." Tasha embraced her a little tighter than usual, which surprised Nola. Tasha kept her arms entwined loosely around Nola. "Promise me you'll come to France when the baby's due."

"Tasha..." Nola hugged her again. "Of course I want to be there for the last weeks of your pregnancy and the first weeks of my new grandchild's life!"

"Any time you want to come over..." Tasha paused and glanced at Andre, asking, "You will send a plane for them, won't you?"

"Of course, we will." Andre stroked Tasha's arm lovingly. "In fact, we'll send a jet for them later next week for the wedding in France."

Excitement stirred in Nola's stomach as she shared a quick glance with Jim. His slight nod indicated he understood that she wanted to go. "I'll make time for it." Jim looked at Andre. "Just let us know the flight details."

"Well done." Andre shook Jim's hand and then turned to Nola. "Thank you." He kissed her cheek. No explanations were necessary. Nola knew Andre was thanking her for Tasha.

"You take good care of my little girl, Andre." Nola smiled, consumed with pride.

"You can count on it," Andre said as the driver opened the door. He smiled, guided Tasha into the car, then offered one last wave before disappearing inside with her.

The driver shut the door and trotted around to his side and jumped in. Seconds later, the brake lights flickered and the car rolled away from the hotel's entrance.

Pride swelled around Nola's heart and nearly pushed the tears past her eyes. Nola had done well. Her little girl was marrying the handsomest, richest man of Nola's acquaintance-or anyone else she knew, for that matter.

Yes, there was much to brag about at the next Tahoe Women's Club meeting.

Several minutes passed before Jim touched her elbow. "Are you ready to go, hon?"

"Not quite yet." Nola's eyes were still glued to the road, in the direction where Tasha and Andre's limo had long since disappeared. "Just one more minute."

"I'll go get the car then. You wait here."

Nola barely noticed Jim leaving. Instead, she wanted to savor the feeling of accomplishment that'd washed over her today. Nothing in Nola's life to come would ever top this.

Moments later, a man stepped up beside Nola, but she barely noticed him. She was too busy reveling in her good fortune. Nola would now be the envy of all she knew.

"Pardon me." The friendly greeting came in the form of a foreign accent, British. Nola cut her eyes toward him. He had his hands in his pockets, and he was rocking back and forth on his heels. Most people wouldn't know his suit was an Armani knockoff, but she knew. Nola Gordon knew her fashion. Oblivious of her insight, he shrugged and shook his head. "Valet must be backed up."

Nola narrowed her eyes. A cool September breeze blew her hair in her face.

"Parking," he said. "I noticed you've been standing here for a while now."

"No." Nola raked her hair back, away from her face. "My husband is bringing the car around. We were seeing my daughter off. She just left with her husband. They're flying back to France tonight. That's where they live." Nola was all too happy to brag about Tasha's fortunate situation.

"So your daughter lives in France, hey? Lovely country." He tipped his head to one side.

"Yes," Nola said. "Her husband is from there. We don't get over there much, but I'm sure that now that they're having a baby we will go over for an extended stay."

"Oh, a baby. You don't say." He pulled a hand from one of his pockets and offered it to Nola. "Congratulations. But if you don't mind my saying so...you don't look old enough to be a grandmother."

Nola felt a surge of blood rush to her cheeks. It'd been a long time since anyone-a man-had complimented her.

Peter Wittmeyer thought he'd run up against a brick wall when he arrived in South Lake Tahoe, only to find out that Andre de Laurent and his American squeeze had just left. But then he had the good fortune of running into Tasha Gordon's mother outside the Shoreline's entrance.

That woman hadn't been just a stream of information, she was a whole fountain. Thanks to her, he now knew that his clients' worst fears had happened. Andre de Laurent had found himself a wife. And not only that, she was pregnant.

This wouldn't bode well for Cecily Garceau Mason and her brother. It would, in fact, drive a stake through the heart of Cecily's chances at disqualifying the de Laurent fellow from the will.

Peter had better make sure he received another payment from Ms. Mason before he turned over this new and damaging information.

CHAPTER TWELVE

THE FLIGHT TO FRANCE HAD BEEN AN UNEVENTFUL ONE. Tasha had slept on and off, but it had been restless sleep. When they arrived at the chateau, Andre insisted that Tasha take a short nap before dinner. This would give him time to talk to Papa and let him know about the surprise announcement he intended to make over dinner.

After seeing Tasha tucked into bed, Andre kissed her, turned the lights down and bid her adieu.

Expecting to find Papa in his study, Andre was a little more than surprised when he found the room empty. He traversed the hallways in search of his father, and the house seemed eerily quiet.

"Where is everyone?" he asked no one in particular as he approached the east salon-where he found Claudette.

Upon seeing him, Claudette smiled. She laid the book she was reading on the table at her side and pushed up from her chair. "Andre..." She pulled him to her, giving him a mother's hug. "I'm so glad you're back." She put enough space between them to gaze upon his face. "Where's Tasha? She is with you, right?"

"Yes." Andre nodded. "She's a bit tired from the trip. She's resting before dinner."

"Ah...wonderful." Claudette stepped back. "I'll have the arrangements for the wedding wrapped up early next week. Everything will go as planned next Saturday."

"You are good." Andre gave her small triumphant chuckle.

"Which, I presume, is why you turned to me."

"Precisely." Andre cleared his throat and looked around. "Where is Papa? I wanted to talk to him."

"Don't worry. I've already spoken to him. He will not divulge your secret."

For a second, Andre wondered if he'd told Claudette about the baby, but remembered he hadn't. She must be talking about the will's stipulations. "Thank you." Andre gave her a smile before backing out of the room. It was better that he continue to search for Papa himself. It wouldn't pay for Claudette got a hold of the idea that Papa might learn a secret before she did.

"Andre..." She stepped out into the hallway after him. "Your father's not here. He'll be home in time for dinner."

"Ah..." Andre nodded his head, trying to contain his disappointment. He wanted to tell Papa before he shared the news with the rest of the family. "I'll catch up with him later." Maybe he'd get a few minutes with Papa before dinner.

A soft rapping on the door aroused Tasha from her slumber. Damn, she thought as she crawled out of her sleep-induced stupor. "Yes..." She started to sit up, made it half-way and decided it wasn't worth it, and fell back into bed.

The door opened. Tasha hoped it was Andre, or maybe Camille. She couldn't bear to face the barrage of questions from anyone else right now.

Camille's soft voice said, "It's me." She stuck her head in the room. "Can I come in? Are you sleeping?" Her voice had risen with the last inquiry.

"No, just resting." Tasha shrugged and shook her head. "Jet lag." She waved Camille in. "You know how that is."

Camille entered, shut the door behind her and hurried across the room. She bounced onto Tasha's bed and the girls hugged.

Tasha moved over, giving Camille more room. "I love your hair." Tasha checked out Camille's new do, touching the ends of her blonde hair with her palm. The multi-layered ringlets bounced against Tasha's hand. "I can't believe how long it's gotten."

"I wasn't too sure about it at first." She shrugged. "I'm getting used to it now, though." A wide smile spread across Camille's face. "I'm so glad you're here. For good."

"Knowing you were here made it a lot easier to come, I'll tell you that." Tasha laughed, trying to disguise the fear that wouldn't go away. "Maurice is a scary idea for a father-in-law."

Both women laughed. Camille shook her head. "But he likes you."

"He likes you too."

"Now." Camille added such emphasis to the word that Tasha couldn't help noting its importance. "At least he won't be throwing a better-suited, prospective bride at Andre."

"It's too late anyway." Tasha smiled. "Andre and I got married before we left the States. The wedding here in France, for the family, takes place at the end of next week."

"A wise decision." Camille nodded. "Although not quite as necessary as it was for me."

"Better safe than sorry, right?" Amusement played on the edge of Tasha's voice.

Camille looked at Tasha for a long while before saying anything else. "Are you okay?" she asked. "You seem a little out of sorts."

"That obvious, huh?" Tasha sucked in a deep breath.

"What's going on?"

"Does no one, not even you, wonder why Andre and I, all of a sudden, decided to get married?"

"We married a couple of brothers who aren't used to doing things the conventional way," Camille said with a shrug.

"I'm pregnant."

Camille's eyebrows shot up. "Really?"

Tasha nodded.

"How far along are you?"

"A few weeks. A couple of months or so."

"Wow." Camille giggled like a schoolgirl.

"It's not that funny." Tasha's voice grew serious. "I can hear it now. The big question for the next seven months will be...is it really Andre's baby?"

"No." Camille shook her head. "The big question will be...whose baby will be born first."

Another baby? Someone else in the family was having a baby? Certainly not Claudette. Hopefully not Lecie. Camille? Hope sprouted on the edge of Tasha's heart. "You're pregnant?"

Camille nodded.

Tasha glanced at Camille's tummy. Flat. She couldn't be much farther along than Tasha.

"I'm due in early April," Camille said.

"Me, too." Tasha sat up in the bed and hugged Camille. "Congratulations."

Camille hugged her back. "Right back at you." She looked at Tasha. "But please don't tell Andre. Julian wants to tell the family, tonight, at dinner."

"I won't say a word if you don't," Tasha bargained.

Camille nodded. "We'll let our respective husbands have that pleasure."

Andre hadn't deluded himself that there wouldn't be times when he'd feel guilty about hiding the terms of the will from Tasha. Especially times like this, when she reached for his hand as they were about to enter the dining room, where he knew she felt she'd face a barrage of questions from the family.

Telling Tasha the truth-that everyone wanted them to wed-would've rested her fears. But that could've led to a whole new set of problems, problems far worse than the temporary ones she faced now. Problems that could build a wedge between them that'd last forever.

Besides, Tasha's doubts would disappear once she saw how excited everyone was about her joining the family. Better to let it play out this way. The alternative-telling her about the will requiring him to marry-would only add stress upon her that would linger, and linger, and linger. And that couldn't be good for the baby.

Crossing the room's threshold, Andre released Tasha's hand and wrapped his arm around her, pulling her protectively close. Of course, there was nothing to protect her from-except the details of Edouard Renault's will.

Claudette and Lecie were the first to their feet. Both women hovered around the couple. Each greeted Tasha with a friendly hug. Soon all three women were hugging and laughing, and Tasha looked like she was actually relaxing a little.

"Come sit by me." Camille patted the empty chair to her left.

"Of course, she'll sit by you." Claudette led Tasha around the table and deposited her in the seat next to Camille.

Andre slid Tasha's chair in, then sat in the empty one to her left. Settling in, he cut his eyes stealthily toward Papa, who was grinning. Andre suspected that Papa's smile had a little something to do with him. After all, Andre had managed to secure this multi-billion dollar fortune-as long as he could hold on to his wife for the next three hundred and sixty-four days.

"Tasha..." Maurice spoke. "I can't tell you how pleased I am to hear that you're my new daughter-in-law."

"Thank you, Maurice," she said with a gentle smile. "I couldn't have asked for a more loving family to marry into."

That statement had more generosity than truth to it. But Andre knew that he, Julian and Lecie would-thanks, in part, to Claudette-break the cycle of hands off love that'd been handed down from generation to generation in the de Laurent family.

Once the staff brought in hot lentil soup, a wave of calm swooped down over Andre. Proper etiquette, which was always observed at Pacifique de Lumiere, would steer the family toward eating and the conversation to nothing more than polite chit chat. That is, until after the main course. That's when the mood relaxed around the table and if anyone had any announcements, then and only then was the time for disclosure.

Andre was glad when Tasha dipped her spoon into the soup, tasted it, then went back for more. She ate nearly half before pushing it aside.

When the next course was served, typically a garden salad of some sort, she was having none of it, which didn't surprise Andre. She'd made it clear, more than once, that she hated any kind of lettuce.

But instead of complaining, Tasha sat quietly as Claudette and Lecie chatted about the plans they'd already arranged for the wedding coming up next week. Tasha listened, tilting her head their way every so often, as if the wedding being discussed was not hers but someone else's.

Andre's step-mother and his sister scarcely stopped to draw breath as the main course was served.

Tasha devoured the roast beef and au gratin potatoes, picked through the vegetables-mainly eating the yellow and green squash, leaving the peppers pushed to one side on her plate.

Every so often Camille would snag a pepper from the discarded food on Tasha's plate. Normally, that would've drove Papa nuts, but now he hardly seemed to notice.

Andre glanced around the table checking everyone's plate, examining how close they were to finishing. Funny, now that the time had come, he felt a measure of anxiety stirring in his abdomen.

He gave his stomach a gentle rub, wondering if Tasha was feeling okay. Andre had a great deal of anticipation building inside. He'd have to admit that he held a certain sense of perverse pleasure in knowing he'd gotten out of the gate before Julian-who'd been married an entire year.

Big brother was not going to like this. He wouldn't take it lightly, being shown up by Andre. But he would have to live with it, and that made Andre chuckle a little, if only to himself.

Andre, so rapt in his thoughts, hadn't really noticed Julian tossing his napkin onto his plate and pushing his chair back as he stood. Julian placed his hand on Camille's shoulder, winked at her and then turned his attention to the rest of the family.

What is he doing? Andre fidgeted in his chair, wanting Julian to hurry up and sit back down. He had more important things to share.

"First..." Julian glanced past Camille, setting his sights on Tasha. "Let me officially welcome Camille's best friend Tasha to the family." He reached for his glass of wine. "From the moment I met you, I knew you'd steal my little brother's heart." He lifted the glass toward Andre and Tasha. "I couldn't think of a better person for the task." He nodded. "Because I know you'll cherish it." Julian's gaze traveled around the table as he said, "To Andre and Tasha!"

A myriad of voices repeated the toast and then everyone began drinking from their glasses. Not everyone's glass was filled with wine like Julian's. Andre and Claudette were the only other people at the table with a glass of wine for dinner. Lecie was too young, Maurice didn't dare-not in front of Claudette, and water had been requested for Tasha and Camille.

Andre set his glass down and took one last glance at Julian, eager for him to sit so Andre could share his and Tasha's good news.

But Julian didn't sit down. He remained standing over Camille, his wine glass still in hand. "Now..." Once again, Julian looked at his wife, and this time he smiled. "Not that I want to steal your thunder or anything..." He looked at Andre. "But Camille and I have an announcement of some importance."

As do I. Andre sucked in a deep breath to squelch his impatience. So get to it.

"I'm pleased to announce-" Julian's attention was back on Camille now. "-that my lovely wife is pregnant."

Andre should've known Julian would find a way to eclipse him. But all was not lost. He'd wait until he found out when Camille was due before falling back into second position again.

His luck couldn't be that bad, could it? Just once, he wanted to do something before Julian. Competition was in their nature, and until now Julian had held the grand prize-de Laurent Enterprises. Siring the first grandchild was all Andre had. And now Julian threatened to take that away from him too. Perhaps Tasha could find out from Camille when she was due.

After the revelry over Julian and Camille's good fortune died down and the family dispersed from the dinner table, Tasha and Andre headed into the hallway. As they walked, she leaned against Andre and whispered, "Let's have some tea out in the rose garden?"

"All right." Andre nodded. "It sounds like a wonderful idea."

"Are you disappointed?" she asked, but didn't say about what.

"I'm the happiest man around. Why would you think I'd be disappointed over anything?"

"I know you wanted to tell everyone about our baby at dinner tonight," she said. "But it seems Julian beat you to the punch."

"I'll tell them later." He shrugged. "All that matters now is you, me and our baby."

"I'm very excited."

"About the wedding next week?" he guessed. "We will be going on a short honeymoon. I have-we have-a little villa in St. Tropez. It's right on the ocean. You'll love it. When we come back, after we've seen the doctor and he gives us permission we'll take a cruise of the Greek Isles or wherever you wish to go."

"St. Tropez sounds perfect." Tasha smiled. "And I am excited about that, but it's not what I was talking about."

"Our baby?"

She nodded. "And Camille's. It's going to be such fun, both of us being pregnant at the same time. I wonder which one of us will give birth first?"

That inquiry had crossed Andre's mind a time or two in the last fifteen minutes. And now, it was front and center, weighing heavily on Andre's shoulders. If Camille had her baby first, Julian would never let Andre forget it.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

ANDRE HEADED TO THE EAST ROSE GARDEN to wait for Tasha, who'd gone up to change into something more comfortable. Simon had gone to the kitchen to arrange for tea and Fig Newtons-Tasha's favorite cookie-to be served to the newlyweds on the terrace.

The solitude of the garden and the ambiance of the moonlight promised to subdue Andre's anxiety once Tasha joined him.

So what if Julian and Camille's baby was born first? It didn't take away from the fact that Tasha was having his baby. The idea filled Andre's heart with joy.

As par for the course with Julian, he and Camille would probably have a boy. Maybe Andre and Tasha's baby would be a girl? The first granddaughter. She would definitely be Claudette's favorite. And seeing the way Papa had softened upon Lecie's arrival, Andre thought it a fair bet that Papa's first granddaughter would easily have him wrapped around her little finger.

He heard the door open behind him and looked over his shoulder, expecting to see his beautiful wife. Instead, the sight of his brother deflated the joy swelling Andre's heart.

"Oh, it's you," Andre said, making no attempt to cover his disappointment. He turned back to the rose garden, dimly-lit by solar lamps. While the display was not as spectacular as the spring showing, the late summer and early fall blooms were still lovely to behold. And a far better choice than Julian-who'd probably come to gloat some more.

"Why are you so blue, little brother?" Julian sat in the chair kitty-cornered from Andre. "You should be happy. You have, somehow, managed to convince the one woman who could actually help you pull this off, into marrying you. Well done."

"I didn't marry Tasha for the sole purpose of the will. I married her because I love her. In case Claudette and Papa didn't tell you..."

"Oh, they told me." Julian chuckled, and Andre shot him warning glare. "Don't worry..." He shook his head. "I won't bring up the will or its stipulations in front of Tasha. That would be ill-mannered." Julian shrugged. "Besides...I don't want her to leave any more than you do."

He had a point. Tasha's staying was imperative if Julian hoped to inherit his share of Uncle Edouard's estate-fifty million dollars.

"There's far more at stake than money." Above all else, Andre didn't want Tasha or his child to leave. He'd gladly forfeit the money if it guaranteed she'd stay. But the fact remained that he was married now, and he and his wife had a child on the way. Andre needed to do what it took to provide for his family. His children deserved every possible advantage he could arrange for them. And making sure he inherited what his mother's uncle left him was a good start.

"Yes, but you and I both know that money is power."

"Money isn't power. You want to know what is power?" Andre peered at his brother. Once he had his undivided attention, he continued, "You and I, we can control de Laurent Enterprises, and pretty soon Mont Claire...but that's just control. It's not power. Not really." Andre shook his head and clasped his hands together between his knees and stared at them while he tried to wrangle his emotions into submission. Finally he looked back at his brother, stoic-faced, and said, "Love is power."

Andre was afraid that if Tasha found out about the will's stipulations, she'd leave him. She'd go back to America, taking his child with her. He wouldn't know from one day to the next how the child was, if it was all right, or, if it missed him.

"Good Lord!" Julian exclaimed. "If this is what getting married does to you...just wait until you have children."

Andre laughed at Julian. "You really need to catch up, brother."

Julian raised his eyebrows.

"Tasha is pregnant." Andre nodded. "And she's due right around the same time as Camille."

Julian threw his hands into the air. "Can't you give me anything?" There was a pleading quality in Julian's voice now, and it surprised the hell out of Andre. Julian had never begged anybody for anything in his whole life. "Do you have to surpass me in everything now?"

"What?" Andre's mouth fell open. "I've lived every day of my life in your shadow."

"But it was a safe place, wasn't it?" Julian asked. "Didn't I always take care of you?"

"Yes. You did." Andre paused, trying to figure out why Julian had this newfound outlook that Andre was the one who was always on top. "But I don't get how I've surpassed you in anything."

Julian hesitated. "Well, I was always taught that I would be the provider for this family. You would help me, of course, but ultimately it was up to me to see that everyone was taken care of."

"And how has that changed?"

"I'm not in charge anymore, Andre."

"What are you talking about?" Andre showed his palms and shrugged. "You are, and always will be, the majority shareholder in de Laurent Enterprises."

Julian snorted and rolled his eyes. "de Laurent Enterprises is child's play compared to Mont Claire." Julian cleared his throat. "There was a reason Papa married our mother, besides her beauty. She came from a family of enormous wealth."

Somewhere in the back of his mind, Andre had always known this-well, at least about the degree of wealth in his mother's family. The yacht she'd left Julian, and the villa in St. Tropez Andre had inherited from her all spoke to it. That's not to say that Papa didn't have his own money when they married, the de Laurent family had been thriving for generations. But coupling the de Laurent money with Renault wealth had helped to shoot de Laurent Enterprises into the Forbes 500-where it remained to this day.

"All that is nothing new," Andre said. "But what does it have to do with the here and now?"

"You've bested me." Julian's choice of words were more likely to be heard in some Paris nightclub than inside the halls of Pacifique de Lumiere. Andre crinkled his brow, trying to figure out when he'd managed to outdo his brother at anything, and Julian added, "Mont Claire could swallow up a little fish like de Laurent Enterprises and it would never be heard from again."

Andre didn't know why Julian was feeling sorry for himself, but Andre wasn't about to play that game. "That's absolutely ridiculous."

"No, it's not ridiculous. And you know it too." Julian cleared his throat and shook his head. "In a year's time, you will have taken my place as head of this family-well, second to Papa." Julian rubbed his chin, then spread his palm open as he added, "The first grandchild in the family was all I had left." He shrugged. "And now, you very well might steal that from me too."

"You are overreacting." Andre propped his elbow on the arm of his chair and laid his forehead against the inside of his fingers.

"No, I'm not. In a matter of days, Papa's whole world has turned to revolving around you. He keeps saying to me, did you ask Andre what he thinks?" Julian said in a wavering voice. For the first time in his life Julian was showing fear, and it made Andre feel guilty.

"Look, I never wanted to unseat you," Andre said in earnest. "I would simply like to carve out my own place in this world."

"Well, you've done a great job of that, little brother." Julian's voice had lightened up.

Andre snorted. "Yeah. I made the wise choice of being born second."

Julian laughed out loud.

"Promise me one thing?" Andre asked.

"What's that?"

"Promise me that we won't pit our children against each other. That we'll teach them to look out for one another. Just as you've always done for me."

"And you have done for Lecie," Julian added. "Our children will be fine, baby brother...as long as we don't let Papa influence them too much."

Andre and Julian's hearty laughter echoed across the garden as the door behind them opened.

Tasha. Finally. Not that Andre didn't like his brother's company, but his wife's was far superior.

Both men stood as she sauntered across the terrace.

"Tasha..." Julian took her hand. "May I say again, welcome to the family."

"Thank you, Julian." Tasha nodded. "And congratulations. I'm sure you and Camille will be wonderful parents."

Julian chuckled. It was nice to see him smile. Especially since he thought Andre was about to usurp his throne.

Jim and Nola Gordon arrived at Pacifique de Lumiere late Friday morning of the following week. They rested in one of the many guest rooms at the house, and then took Tasha and Camille out to dinner in Marseilles.

"So..." Nola picked at her salad and glanced at Camille from time to time. "Tasha tells me you are expecting too."

With a mouth full of minestrone soup, Camille only nodded and smiled.

"And due about the same time." Nola's gaze lingered on Camille for another second or two before drifting over to her daughter. "You girls are going to have such fun."

"We're excited," Tasha said.

"It's going to be great fun having babies at the same time." Camille sucked in a breath. "I hope this morning sickness thing passes quickly, though. That's not too much fun." She rolled her eyes and chuckled.

"You too?" Jim asked Camille, then pointed his fork at Tasha. "She was pretty sick with it before she and Andre left the States."

"I've not been feeling too bad lately." Tasha shrugged. "France must agree with me."

"Lucky you," Camille said. "I had to get medication for it." She looked at Tasha. "Did you get set up with a doctor's appointment yet?"

Tasha nodded. "A week from Monday."

"Gives you time for a honeymoon." Camille giggled.

"I think she's already had a honeymoon," Nola stated.

Tasha felt her face burning, but she ignored her mother's jab. She cleared her throat and hoped the embarrassment quickly faded.

"So where are you and Andre going for your honeymoon?" Camille asked.

Tasha knew Camille was trying to change the subject, and she thanked her for it. We're going for a little R and R at the house in St. Tropez that he inherited from his mother."

"Oh..." An excited light flashed over Camille's eyes. "Julian has taken me there. It's a gorgeous house. And the view is to die for." She laughed, and added, "I'm jealous."

"If it's half as beautiful as the house that Lecie's inheriting in California, I'll be thrilled."

A feeling of peace befell Tasha. She'd hadn't had any morning sickness since arriving in France. And now that she and Andre were married and about to go on their honeymoon, after the French ceremony tomorrow, she'd begun to feel like everything was finally going her way.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

THE WEDDING WAS SIMPLE-by de Laurent standards. The guest list consisted of less than twenty people. Tasha's gown was elegant, the flowers tasteful, and the dress code was a step or two down from black tie.

It's no wonder that the reception was little more than the cocktail hour the de Laurents typically had before dinner. But it made little difference to Andre and Tasha. As far as they were concerned, they were on their way to a wonderful life together, and a fancy wedding mattered little to the outcome.

When the time came for Andre and Tasha to depart for the airport, she insisted on tossing her bouquet, even though there were all of four single women to vie for the catch.

Lecie, as fate would have it, caught Tasha's bouquet. That must've been some kind of sign, since she'd caught the bouquet at Camille's wedding, too. At least, Tasha thought it was a sign as she climbed into the limo where her parents were waiting.

They were also on their way to the airport, but they were headed back to the States, while Andre and Tasha's destination was St. Tropez.

Camille stood in the shadow of the covered archway at Pacifique de Lumiere's main entrance on the second floor. The car carrying Andre and Tasha and her parents had long since disappeared behind the ancient stone walls and massive pine trees that barricaded the estate.

She could hardly wait for Tasha and Andre's return. They were going to have such fun being pregnant together and having babies at the same time. Their children would not only be cousins, but best friends.

Reluctantly, she turned and headed back inside. Maybe she'd go find Julian and talk to him about hiring a decorator to help her with the nursery.

Camille strolled down the hallway, meeting Parker, the butler, at the main intersection.

"Madam." Parker stood there straight-faced with his hands behind his back. "There is a long distance telephone call from California. The party, a young lady, is asking for Miss Tasha or madam."

"Thanks, Parker. I'll take care of it." She headed off into the western corridor. Her destination, the sitting room. She'd found it the perfect place to take calls on the house phone. The family rarely spent time in there, so it always afforded silence and privacy.

She slipped into the room, easing the door shut behind her. She picked up the receiver, and said, "Hello. This is Camille de Laurent."

"Camille?" A familiar voice, yet one she couldn't identify, greeted her. "It's Beverly from Electric Avenue. I was looking for Tasha, but they said she's gone off on her honeymoon."

"Beverly. Hello, how are you?" Camille asked, but didn't wait for an answer. "Yes, Tasha and Andre are on their honeymoon."

"Great." Beverly sighed. "Then I take it she's feeling better?"

"That she is." Did Beverly know about the baby? Camille wasn't sure and decided discretion was the best course of action.

"I'm so glad to hear that. So many people got sick. Several ended up in the hospital. It was a nasty mess. I know Tasha was one of the first to pick up the bug, so I just had to call to find out if she's okay."

"She's fine." A bug? Obviously, Beverly wasn't talking about a pregnancy.

"Good. Good." Beverly sighed again. "I don't think any of you are in danger. The doctor here says that the contagious period is the first few days, and Tasha was sick for several days before she quit the restaurant."

Contagious? Camille hadn't thought of that. "What exactly was it, Beverly? A virus?"

"Some weird stomach flu. I forget what it's called. But really, you should be okay."

"All right. Thanks for calling. I'll let Tasha know you called when she gets back. I'll make sure she gets in touch."

Camille heard the girl say, "Thanks," as she hung up the phone.

A bug? A stomach virus that landed some people in the hospital? This wasn't good. "What about Tasha's baby?" she said, barely above a whisper. What about my baby?

Maybe Camille should give Dr. Goldman a call. With any luck at all, Beverly was right and Tasha was no longer carrying the bug by the time she'd arrived in France.

Again, what about Tasha? zipped through Camille's mind. She'd better call Tasha. She should see a doctor as soon as she and Andre arrived in St. Tropez. Perhaps Dr. Goldman could recommend someone.

That settled it. Camille would call Dr. Goldman first.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

A SINGLE WORD-PREGNANT-prattled through Cecily Garceau Mason's mind. Not only was Andre de Laurent newly married, but his bride was also with child.

"Well that settles it." Conrad crossed the living room and sat down in her husband Daniel's favorite chair. "The de Laurents win. Again."

Cecily's brother had always been the easily swayed type. She'd always known it wouldn't take much to convince him to concede. And once he'd given up, she'd be all alone in the fight. But that didn't deter her. Billions might not be enough to tempt Conrad, but it was all she thought about.

"Oh, it's not over until the twelfth month has ended." She shook her head and went to the window overlooking the gloomy, run-down courtyard of the apartment complex she and Daniel had lived in for the past ten years. Neither the owners nor the manager cared that the terrace or the apartments were in disrepair. The tenants weren't important enough for them to care about improving the property. Not exactly a slum, but far from the affluent neighborhoods that Cecily coveted. To live amongst the privileged; that's what she wanted. It's what she'd always wanted. And now that the first bonafide opportunity had come to her, she wasn't about to let it slip through her fingers. Cecily was willing to do just about anything to get that inheritance, and she didn't care who she stepped on in the process. That's what rich people did anyway. They stepped on people to get where they were. She'd accepted that and was fully prepared to climb her way to the top. "The very last second must tick by before I will acknowledge that Andre will inherit instead of us."

Conrad laughed. "You say his name like you know him."

"I know his kind." She shot her brother an over-the-shoulder glare. "I know that he and his newly-made family is the only thing standing between us and luxurious wealth." What Cecily really meant was me. But she stood a better chance of dethroning Andre if her brother was standing with her.

"Cecily," Conrad complained, shaking his head. "It was one thing when we thought we were going to expose a fraudulent marriage. But it's obvious that isn't the case. The girl is pregnant."

"Yes. But is the child Andre's?" Cecily turned away from the window and perched her hands on her hips.

"He married her, it must be."

Sometimes, Cecily wondered if Conrad was adopted. This was one of those times. "She wouldn't be the first opportunist persuaded by the promise of a hefty payoff."

"Then how do you propose we proceed?" Conrad said in a defeated voice. At least he gave up as quick as he gave in.

"Well..." She went silent while various scenarios flittered through her mind. Finally one stuck, and she smiled. "I suppose people like the de Laurents will be looking to hire a nanny. God knows, they don't take care of their kids themselves."

"A nanny." He paused while it sank in. "I hadn't thought of that."

Of course, he hadn't. "I'm sure they'll want to hire one soon," she said. "So they can get to know her before the baby arrives."

As a nurse, Cecily had the credentials. And the sooner she could position herself between Andre and his new wife-the better.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

THE HOUSE IN ST. TROPEZ, set high on a cliff overlooking the Mediterranean, reminded Tasha of the house Lecie was to inherit in California-only this one was larger.

The master suite had tall windows that looked like garage doors, but with glass panels, framing the walls at the southeastern corner. The windows opened to a wrap around balcony that Tasha thought would be like sleeping outdoors. And since the bedroom was on the second floor, there wasn't much worry of anyone wandering in. Considering the estate's significant security and nine-foot barricading walls, intrusion could hardly be an issue.

Tasha had taken Camille's call out on the terrace that was shaded by the master suite's balcony above. A gentle breeze blew past as she listened to Camille relay the conversation she'd had with Beverly.

"I'm sure it's nothing," Camille said. "But Dr. Goldman thought it might be a good idea if you see Dr. Ainsworth there in St. Tropez."

Tasha placed her hand on her belly and tried to swallow the lump clogging her throat. "I'll be sure to do that."

"Dr. Goldman telephoned the office up there. As soon as you call, the doctor will see you."

Tasha tried to laugh. "I guess it pays to have friends in high places."

"You're the one in the high place, Tash. You've got de Laurent money backing you now. Remember that."

"That'll take some getting used to."

"I hear you. But I'm sure Andre will make the transition as easy on you as Julian did for me."

"Yeah." Tasha sighed. "Andre has a way of making me feel like anything's possible."

"It's the de Laurent charm." Camille giggled. "All three of those men are dripping in it, even Maurice, once you get to know him."

Tasha was happy to hear that Maurice had warmed up to Camille. He'd been rough on her when Julian first brought Camille to France.

Funny thing though, Maurice had been cordial to Tasha from the moment he'd met her. Maybe because he hadn't seen Tasha as the threat he'd envisioned Camille. Luckily, Maurice had mellowed in the year since Camille and Julian had renewed their vows.

Tasha stayed out on the terrace long after she'd ended the call with Camille. Just sitting there thinking. Hoping. Praying the stomach virus hadn't affected the baby.

Andre came out on to the terrace, but Tasha hadn't noticed until he spoke. "You finish your call with Camille?" His voice drew her gaze upward to where he was standing beside her. "What'd she have to say? You two comparing pregnancy notes?" Andre asked with a chuckle.

"Sort of..." Tasha looked away, consumed with the fear of having to tell Andre about the virus.

Andre sat down on the coffee table in front of Tasha and reached for her hands. "What is it, mon tresor?"

"We have to call a Dr. Ainsworth and see him right away. The sooner the better. Dr. Goldman has already told him we'd be calling."

Andre's face twisted into a look of awkward curiosity. "Why do we need to see this doctor right away?" His voice had weakened and his grip on her hands tightened.

"Um..." Tasha hesitated, searching for the right words. "Remember how I told you I'd been suffering from some pretty nasty morning sickness when you showed up in California?" Once Andre nodded, Tasha continued on, "Well, as it turns out...it might not've been morning sickness. A co-worker talked to Camille. She called to inquire after my health after nearly everybody at the restaurant came down with a nasty stomach virus right around the time you showed up and swept me away."

"I take it that if you had this virus instead of morning sickness, it may well have endangered the baby?"

All Tasha could do was nod. If she spoke right away, she might cry. After taking a little time to compose herself, she said, "I'm afraid, Andre."

He pulled her to him. "Don't worry. We'll call the doctor here in St. Tropez. Whatever happens, we'll get through it together."

It seemed ages ago that Andre and Tasha had been tucked away in an exam room in Dr. Ainsworth's office. The doctor had performed all the routine exams, including an ultrasound. Then he excused himself, saying he'd be right back.

Tasha fingered the patient's gown the nurse had given her when she and Andre had first arrived. Andre slipped his hands around Tasha's.

"The doctor's not saying much." Tasha was trying to feign courage, but Andre knew she was frightened. Truth be told, so was he. "What if...?"

"There's no need muddle things up with what ifs. What is it you say...we'll worry about that bridge when and if we come to it."

"That's easier said than done." Tasha tried, unsuccessfully, to laugh.

Andre brought her hands to his lips and brushed them with kisses. "I hate to see you so blue, mon tresor."

That rated a genuine smile from Tasha. "You know, I never knew I wanted a child until I found myself knocked up with one." She let out a half-laugh and made eye contact with Andre. "But now that I am, I want this baby more than anything."

"Let's wait and see what the doctor says before we start worrying."

Tasha nodded.

The door opened and Dr. Ainsworth walked in. His stoic expression gave little away about the status of Tasha's condition.

Dr. Ainsworth clasped his hands together and dangled them in front of him. He sucked in a breath and held it briefly before blowing it out with force. "Tasha. Andre." He looked at each of them as he said their names. "I'm afraid this pregnancy isn't a viable one."

"What...?" Tasha's emotion-choked voice grated out the word.

This pregnancy isn't a viable one. The words shuddered through Andre. Their baby was gone? "What does that mean?" Andre wanted very much for the doctor to say they'd misheard him.

"There is no heartbeat," the doctor said in a remorseful tone.

No heartbeat? Well that settled it, then. Our baby is dead. Andre's heart splintered into pieces.

Tasha struggled for breath. "It was the flu, wasn't it? I caught the flu last week and it killed the baby." Her blue eyes brimmed with tears that mingled sorrow and guilt. She blinked, and a single tear spilled from one eye.

Tasha's suffering wrapped around Andre and squeezed. The pain in his chest made it all too real. This was his fault. If he'd married her and brought her back to France months ago, she would've never caught that damned virus.

Dr. Ainsworth shook his head. "No, Tasha. The flu didn't cause the miscarriage. I'm afraid the baby stopped developing weeks ago. I'm surprised your body hasn't already begun the expulsion process."

"Is that normal?" Andre asked, beginning to fear for Tasha's health.

"It's not common." Dr. Ainsworth shrugged. "But it's not unheard of."

"What's next?" Andre asked.

"Tasha needs to be admitted to hospital for a DandC."

"He's wrong. He has to be wrong." Agitation raked over Tasha voice. She looked at Andre with pained eyes. "Our baby can't be dead."

When Andre didn't confirm her pleas, she lowered her head and rested her chin upon her chest.

Tasha began to whimper.

Andre leaned over her, wrapping his arms around her. Intense sobs wrenched Tasha's body. She fought him, bashing her fists about his chest and shoulders. Andre tightened his embrace.

His wife had just lost the only thing she'd ever wanted. If it helped her to hit him, then so be it. But sooner or later, Andre had to find a way to help Tasha get past the pain of losing their first child. He knew she'd never get over it, but for her sake she had to get past it. And there was only one way that he could think of that might help. With his arms still around Tasha, Andre looked to the doctor, "Can we have more children?"

"We'll know more after the procedure." Dr. Ainsworth's words shot through Andre like sharp shards of ice.

If Tasha could never have a child, how would she get past that? How would Andre?

After the procedure, the doctors had told Tasha she could have more children.

But Tasha wanted this baby.

She felt more than empty. There was a hole in her heart that no amount of cordial words from well-meaning family and friends could cure.

Thank God, Andre had taken her back to the house in St. Tropez for several weeks before they made the trip back home to Marseilles.

Tasha had needed the time to pull herself together, to prepare herself for when she came face to face with Camille and her by now, bulging belly.

While, to be honest, Tasha was a bit jealous that Camille's pregnancy was a viable one, but she was also happy for her friend's good fortune. If anybody deserved some happiness, it was Camille.

Andre had been a wonderfully supportive husband during the hospital stay and the following weeks, staying attentively by Tasha's side at all times. They'd cried together, more than once, but mostly, they simply held on to each other in silence.

On the eve before their scheduled return to Marseilles, as they were lounging on the same terrace where Tasha had received Camille's phone call-the same phone call that had changed their lives forever-Tasha lifted her head and looked up at Andre.

"What is it, mon tresor?" He smiled. "Is there something I can get for you?"

"You're too good to me." Tasha rested her head back on his chest.

"Well, you are my wife."

She looked up at him again. "You sure you're not regretting that move, considering the outcome with the baby and all?"

Andre shook his head. "I have but one regret."

Tasha's chest felt heavy. "What's that?" she asked, even though she wasn't sure she wanted an answer.

"That I didn't marry you months ago." Andre winked.

Tasha wanted to let out a breath of relief, but experience had taught her to be cautious. "You mean it?"

Andre nodded, saying, "I mean it." He paused for a moment, studying her face intently. "And you? You're not thinking of returning to California, are you?"

That almost brought a laugh. Almost. "No, California is the last place I want to be...unless you're there."

"Listen, you and I, we're going to have a wonderful life together. I'll make sure of that. We may or may not have children, but Lord knows we're going to try." His laughter became infectious, soliciting a chuckle from Tasha. "But I promise you, I'll make sure you never regret marrying me."

"I can well believe that," Tasha said. "And I can promise that I'll always try to be the wife you deserve."

"After we return to Marseilles, would you like to go on that cruise I promised you?" Andre asked. "Or do you prefer to rest and regroup at home?"

"You know what I'd really like to do?" Tasha's tone turned serious. "Do you think we could put some kind of memorial in one of the gardens for our little angel? I realize we don't know if it was a boy or a girl..." Her words trailed off with her need to cry. She didn't want to cry any more. But she didn't want to forget her baby, either. She'd been thinking about a memorial stone or something along those lines for a while now.

"I think that's a fine idea." Andre snuggled Tasha closer. "It will be my top priority once we return home."

Inside the limo rolling up the winding roadway toward Pacifique de Lumiere, butterflies began to stir in Tasha's stomach. She was thankful that she had something to look forward to-memorializing her baby-but she wasn't sure how she was going react when she saw Camille, who was still pregnant.

Tasha's best friend turned sister-in-law had to have a noticeable baby bump by now. The calendar had recently turned to November. Thanksgiving was right around the corner. However, the French didn't celebrate the American holiday. That was okay with Tasha. She had nothing to celebrate.

Knowing full well how far along Camille was, Tasha quietly counted the months on her fingertips anyway. Four months. Camille was in her fourth month. By now, she must have a baby bump.

As the car approached the house, Tasha held her breath and touched her own now-empty belly. Please, she prayed, let me be happy for Camille.

Everyone was there, waiting in the covered archway. Claudette, Maurice and Lecie formed the front line. Julian and Camille were standing behind the others, making it hard to see Camille's tummy.

The car rolled to a stop and one of the servants stepped up to open the door. Tasha blew out the breath she'd been holding.

Andre scrambled from the car, then offered his hand to Tasha. She let him pull her from the vehicle, and once outside, she passed around a gentle smile to the family's front line.

Claudette was the first to approach her. "We're so sorry, dear," she whispered, wrapping her arms around Tasha.

Maurice gave her a sad smile and then kissed her cheek. A heartfelt display for a man such as Maurice.

Lecie had tears in her eyes. She latched on to Tasha, saying nothing. Just crying. A sure-fire way to let loose Tasha's own tears. She'd been crying for so long now that it was a wonder she had any tears left.

Julian pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and pulled Tasha away from Lecie's grasp. "My, dear..." he said, blotting her tears. "If I could fix this, you know I would. It pangs me to say it, but there are some things that even I can't control." Julian gave her a playful nudge. "If it helps...please feel free to hit me."

A bit of a chuckle fell from Tasha's lips and trailed off, smothered by her grief.

"Take him up on it," Andre urged. "Never miss an opportunity to slap my brother around."

Camille pulled Tasha into her arms. Her very noticeable baby bump pressed against Tasha. Jealousy jumped up into Tasha's throat, but she managed to banish it with a hard swallow.

Tasha touched Camille's tummy, but couldn't tell if the fluttering was her imagination or the baby actually kicking.

Do they kick this early? Tasha hadn't a clue. Suddenly, she couldn't wait to feel the feisty kick of Camille's baby as it grew closer to the due date. She hoped Camille would include her in all her upcoming plans where the baby was concerned.

"Do we know if it's a boy or a girl?" Tasha lifted her gaze from Camille's tummy up to her eyes.

"No." Camille shook her head. "I asked the doctor not to tell me. I want it to be a surprise."

Tasha looked at Julian. "I'll bet you know what it is, don't you?"

A chorus of laughter rippled across the archway. Andre poked a finger at his brother. "My wife has your number."

Julian grinned and nodded his head sheepishly. "There's nothing wrong with keeping a secret or two from your wife...hey, brother?"

Before Tasha could object or inquire about Julian's statement, Camille had latched on to her hand, dragged her up the grand entryway, into and through the house. She didn't stop until they were outside again in the west gardens.

"Shouldn't you slow down a bit?" Tasha glanced around the patio furniture and claimed the nearest chair. "You really should take it easy."

"We have so much to catch up on." Camille sat in the chair kitty-cornered from Tasha. "And I thought you might like a little privacy."

"What I'd really like is to know what Julian was talking about back there." Tasha crossed her legs. "What'd he mean about secrets?"

Camille gave a dismissive wave. "Oh, you know Julian." She giggled and shook her head. "He never likes to be put in his place by anyone, especially his younger brother. I wouldn't worry about it. It's just Julian being Julian."

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

SOMETIMES, CAMILLE COULD JUST wring her husband's neck. She planned to give him a proper scolding later. These days, she could get away with it. Once she had the baby, she had a feeling it'd be back to business as usual. Julian de Laurent was capable of arguing every waking minute of his day. Camille suspected that he sometimes got his way because people got tired of listening to him.

But right now she had Tasha to contend with. From here on out, she'd have to choose her words carefully. Not that she'd ever out-and-out lie to Tasha, but nothing good could come from Tasha finding out about the exact details of Edouard Renault's will. Knowing Tasha, her pride would get in the way and she'd up and leave.

At that moment, Camille vowed to never let Julian place those kinds of stipulations on her child in order to inherit any part of the de Laurent fortune.

The door opened behind them. Camille glanced over her shoulder. Monique had poked her head in. "Ms. Camille. Your appointment is waiting in the west salon."

"Very good." Camille nodded. "I'll be right there."

Monique disappeared and the door closed.

"Appointment?" Tasha asked. "It's not about the baby, is it? Because, you know, I want to help you with the nursery and all."

Camille shook her head. "I wouldn't dream of decorating the nursery without your input. But this isn't about the nursery exactly."

"Then what, pray tell?"

"Julian is insisting that we hire a nanny." Camille stood. "I agreed, under one condition. I get to hire her."

Tasha grinned and snorted a devilish laugh. "Yeah. Make sure she knows who's boss."

"My goal precisely." Camille headed for the door but stopped and glanced over her shoulder. "You feel like going in to town with me tomorrow? I want to look at wall paper and furniture for the nursery."

"Sure." Tasha smiled and nodded.

"Great. It'll be much more fun if you're there."

Camille went back inside the house and traversed the halls until she reached the salon where her applicant was waiting. She opened the door and stepped inside. The woman sitting on the couch looked to be in her mid-forties. Good. Camille wanted someone mature. Someone who was more settled, patient and attentive. Some of the younger girls Camille had interviewed had the attention span of a gnat. She could see them now, walking around in a daze, wondering, "now where'd I put that baby?"

As Camille approached her, the woman stood and pulled a single piece of paper from her attache. "Mrs. de Laurent, I'm so pleased to meet you." She offered the paper, her resume, to Camille.

"Likewise. Thank you." Camille took the resume. "Please, have a seat." She gestured to the couch where the woman had been sitting. The woman reclaimed her seat while Camille sat in a nearby chair and began perusing the resume.

Cecily Mason. The name sounded a bit on the familiar side, but after a second or two of not being able to place it, Camille chalked it up to deja vu. And she's a nurse. Now that had to be good. Camille liked the idea of having a nurse at her disposal.

Camille lifted her gaze from the resume and settled it on the applicant. "Cecily. May I call you Cecily?" She waited for the woman's response, a nod, before she continued. "What is your area of practice in the nursing field?"

"I've spent the last twenty years at one hospital or another in Avignon. Mostly in the pediatric ward and the newborn nursery." She fingered the satchel in her lap, but kept her eyes on Camille. "I do so enjoy the children."

"So you're presently employed at a hospital?" Camille glanced down at the resume and nodded, seeing the word Hospitalier. She looked back at Cecily. "You're okay with leaving the hospital?"

"Only if I find something in private service." She paused a moment, perhaps to catch her breath. "I've put in enough service at the hospital to retire. I wouldn't mind taking care of a child or two in a private setting." She shrugged. "It would slow the pace a bit, which I wouldn't find unpleasant. Might be nice for a change."

"I can see how working as a private nanny could feel like a vacation for someone with your background."

They chattered and talked for a long time more. All the while, Camille grilled Cecily but with the utmost respect, never once making her feel as if she was being judged. Instead, to get a feel for her capabilities, Camille asked her about her work experiences with the children over the years. Above all else, Camille needed to feel like Cecily would be supportive to her and attentive to her baby's needs, and would never, ever mistreat the child when she wasn't around.

Cecily had done a fair job of setting Camille's mind at ease after a near forty-minute discussion.

"Well..." Camille clapped her hands together. "I think my curiosity is just about satisfied. Is there anything you'd like to ask me?"

"Are you expecting a live-in nanny?"

"Of sorts, yes. We're looking for someone to mainly be on-call during the day and an occasional evening here and there. So you would need to live nearby. We have a caretaker's cottage on the estate that we'd prefer the nanny and her family to live in. We'd guarantee that you'd have most weekends off and at least four evenings, probably more, most weeks."

"A caretaker's cottage." Again, she paused. "If offered the position, might I see the cottage before making my decision?"

"Of course."

"And there's just the one baby?"

Camille nodded and glimpsed down at her tummy. "I don't think it's twins."

Both women laughed.

"So employment won't actually start for a while then?" Cecily asked.

"Well..." Camille paused. "We'd like the person we hire to move into the cottage within the month so we can all get to know one another before the baby comes." She looked at Cecily. "No offense intended."

"None taken." Cecily shook her head.

"Would you like to see the cottage?"

"Yes, I'd like that. Is it far from the main house?"

Camille rose and Cecily did the same, following Camille to the side door leading outside. "It's about a quarter of a mile behind the main house." Camille opened the door and gestured for Cecily to exit first. "We'll take a golf cart down." She closed the door behind her, then led Cecily through the garden. "As the nanny, you'd be provided with a golf cart, as it's the easiest way to get around the estate. Saves walking at least."

"That's very generous of you." Cecily remained gracious and reserved, even though she was ready to tear into Camille de Laurent.

It wasn't anything in particular that Camille had done, other than getting pregnant at the same time as Andre's wife. And why weren't they both using the same nanny? Why hadn't the agency specified specifically which de Laurent couple would be interviewing Cecily?

Wasn't this just perfect? Cecily had been delegated out to the wrong de Laurents. Oh, well. She couldn't very well excuse herself from the list of candidates saying, "Sorry, but I intended to apply to your brother-in-law and his wife."

Maybe once they got to know her, Andre and his wife would decide to share the nanny with Camille and her husband. Either way, being nanny to Andre's niece or nephew was better than nothing. At least she'd be living on the estate and was bound to run into Andre's wife. At least Cecily still had several months to figure out how to get rid of her.

If she got the job.

The cart rolled to a stop at the side entrance of a two-story house sitting next to a pond. Trees provided ample shading, and flower beds filled with budding fall flowers dotted the yard.

The sight took Cecily's breath away. This place was far grander than anything she'd ever lived in, and it was just a caretaker's cottage. Imagine the possibilities if she could manage to snatch the Renault fortune from Andre de Laurent?

That settled it. Cecily had to get this job.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

CECILY MASON WAS HIRED as Camille and Julian's nanny. By the time Christmas rolled around, Camille and Cecily were old friends.

Cecily had heard the whispers among the other servants about the riches that flew around the de Laurent family at Christmas time, and for the first time in her life she felt no jealousy. Cecily had been given the best Christmas gift of all-when she learned about Tasha de Laurent's miscarriage. While she felt a measure of sympathy for the girl, she felt even more hope for herself. With no baby, breaking Andre and Tasha apart would be easier than ever.

She also had a pretty good idea of just how to go about that too. In the weeks that she'd been at Pacifique de Lumiere, the thought had occurred to her more than once that it was a pretty safe bet to say that Tasha de Laurent hadn't a clue about the stipulations of Edouard Renault's will.

If Cecily was right, and Tasha found out about it-if she was told in the right way, Tasha could be persuaded that Andre had married her solely to gain his inheritance. And that's exactly what Cecily intended to do-when the time was right.

Now was too soon. Considering the will stated that Andre must be married for one year, which meant September, then the perfect time was summer. Anything sooner might give him and the de Laurent attorneys time to find a loophole inviting a second marriage, and Cecily couldn't have that. Waiting until mid-summer was the better plan. Tasha's abrupt departure would send Andre reeling. By the time Andre collected his thoughts, September would be here and he'd be in the midst of divorce proceedings. Or better yet, Tasha would have the marriage annulled. Either way, the Renault money would be Cecily's.

But it all depended on just how much Tasha knew. Cecily was betting very little. She used these next few weeks to find out if she was right, or if she needed to come up with another plan.

"Make sure you bundle up good. It's cold outside," Andre told Tasha in a bubbly tone.

She fanned her hands out at her sides. "If I was any more bundled up, you'd have to roll me out of here."

Andre had to admit she was right. With that thick tweed, knee-length coat, gloves and scarf over her pantsuit, she looked pretty well padded. "Good. I don't want you to get cold." He winked at her and grinned.

"What are you up to, anyway?" Curiosity twinkled in her eyes as he led her to the door.

He draped his arm around her as they strolled along the hallway. "Are we leaving the estate?" she asked.

"Nope." He shook his head. Andre had told her very little, only that he had a surprise for her when she awoke earlier this morning. She'd been cross-examining him ever since.

"You've hidden it here!" she said as if she'd just uncovered some state secret.

"Well, it's not really hidden." At the door of the east salon, he pulled a deep-blue silk scarf from his coat pocket and flapped it in the air. "For that reason, I'm afraid I'm going to have to blindfold you," he added with a grin.

"Mr. de Laurent..." She laughed scandalously and turned her back to him so he could blindfold her.

He tied the scarf loosely, covering her eyes and then drew her back into his embrace to lead her through the main salon and out into the east garden.

"Did you hide something for me among the roses?" she asked, feeling her way through the room.

"Sort of..." He paused, opened the French doors. The December chill whipped past them.

Tasha shivered. "This better be good, de Laurent."

"Trust me." He chuckled. "A few moments from now you are going to reward me for the genius that I am."

He led her to the exterior of the hidden alcove and stopped. "Can I take off the blindfold now?" she asked.

"Nope." He shook his head. "You'll have to squeeze through the hedges, but you can't scrape that blindfold off," he warned. "You have to keep it on."

"I can't help it if it comes off!" She laughed and felt her way between two of the hedges. The bushes prickly stems poked at it, but did a terrible job of tearing off the blindfold. When she emerged on the other side the scarf was still in place and she silently cursed it.

The bushes rustled and Andre's hands were on her shoulders an instant later. "Okay..." He began guiding her again. "This way."

She thought he might be leading her toward the center of the grove, toward the goddess statue. "What's going on here?"

"You'll see." His voice never wavered. He slowed her down before instructing her to, "sit."

"Sit?" she asked in a weakened tone. Tasha didn't remember there being anything to sit on near the goddess statue.

"Sit." He nudged her down. She used her hands to feel her way.

To her surprise, behind her she found what felt like a bench. Sitting down on it, she found she was right. "Has there always been a bench here?" she asked, as if she might be going crazy.

"No." Andre sat down beside her. "Close your eyes."

"I'm already blindfolded," she argued.

"Close your eyes," he said, firmer this time.

"Okay. Okay." She shifted her stance and shut her eyes tighter.

His hands fiddled with the scarf. "No peeking." She laughed and the blindfold fell from her head into her lap. "Okay. You can look."

Tasha eased her eyes open and when they focused on what was in front of her, she gasped.

The stone, made of marble, must have been about three feet tall and more than a foot wide. A beautiful angel was intricately carved into the left-hand side. Three rows of verses were inscribed along the stone's face.

We thought of you with love today,

but that is nothing new.

We thought about you yesterday

and days before that too.

Your memory is our keepsake,

with which we'll never part.

God has you in His keeping,

We have you in our hearts.

In loving memory of our little Angel.

We cherish the few precious weeks

your mother carried you in her womb.

Andre and Tasha's names had been craved at the base of the stone. A tear slipped from each of Tasha's eyes. Her hands flew to her face and she buried it in them just before her sorrow spilled out.

Andre wrapped his arms around her. "I hope it pleases you," he said, barely above a whisper.

She looked up at him through tear-hazed eyes. "Oh, it does. It does." She swiped at her wet face. "Do you think we'll ever have the chance to have another baby?"

"I certainly hope so."

"You know, I've been thinking..." She paused to catch her breath. "Maybe we should start following my ovulation schedule."

"Does Dr. Jolie think that'll help?"

"Well, he did say that if we weren't pregnant by Christmas, we could discuss fertility options. And the first one is to follow my ovulation schedule."

"Technically it's not Christmas yet." He teased her with a wink.

"One week won't matter," she said with quiet emphasis.

Tasha was beginning to think they were doomed to live their entire lives as a childless couple. She didn't know if she could handle that.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

MARCH BROUGHT WITH IT SPRINGTIME and the excitement of a new baby coming to Pacifique de Lumiere very soon. With the baby due in a couple of weeks, Camille was ready for the birth.

Surprisingly, so was Tasha. She still felt the loss of her own child, and she couldn't help but look at Camille and wonder who would be bigger right now or who would give birth first if Tasha hadn't lost her baby. Fate had assured that Camille would come out ahead on both counts. Tasha wasn't bitter, but she was sad.

The early blooms in the rose garden-thanks to a mild winter-were also a welcome sight. A late afternoon chat in the garden had become a ritual for the last couple of months for Tasha and Camille. They never tired of taking in the rainbow of colors and scents.

Camille moaned and fidgeted, twisting and turning on the outdoor sofa in search of a comfortable position. Tasha jumped up, pushed the coffee table aside and pulled up an ottoman for her best friend turned sister-in-law. Camille gave her a grateful smile as she raised her legs, one at a time, and propped her feet up.

"So how are you feeling?" Tasha asked. Just last week Camille had gone to the hospital, thinking it was time, only to be sent home hours later-still pregnant as ever.

"Fat," Camille answered Tasha's question without the slightest hint of humor.

"Well the good news is...that'll go away."

Tasha's response got a chuckle from Camille. "I guess you're right." She let out a long, sorrowful sigh. "I'm starting to feel like I'm going to be pregnant, and useless, forever." Camille shook her head. "Pay me no mind. I'm just feeling sorry for myself."

"I totally get the feeling-like-you're-going-to be-preggers-forever thing, but why on Earth do you feel useless?"

"Look at me." Camille's hands shot up in a surrendering motion. "I'm beyond huge. I can't do anything. I waddle when I walk. I can't go anywhere, not even for a night out on the town because I feel so exhausted before we even get into the car. And sex is awkward. There's only the one position that works for us now."

"Which position is that, pray tell?" Tasha tried to hold in her amusement, but the laughter came anyway.

"Spooning, Tasha. Spooning." Considering the ruefulness in Camille's tone, Tasha decided to back off. Camille's mood wasn't all that chipper, and Tasha had to wonder if the time was truly drawing close this time.

"Okay, okay. Sorry." Tasha leaned in and nudged Camille. "But it's only temporary. Very soon you'll be back to normal and it'll be business as usual for you and Julian." Tasha winked at Camille.

"I just want it to be now." Camille rubbed her oversized belly. "I want this pregnancy to be over with so badly that sometimes I think I'm having more false labor."

Tasha raked her teeth over the edge of her bottom lip. "Are you sure it's false labor?"

"After last week's humiliation, I'm sure." Camille shook her head. "I won't be sent on that fool's errand again."

"Well sooner or later, it's going to be real labor. You need to be able to recognize the difference."

"Apparently, I'm not proficient in that department."

"Seriously. How long has it been going on today?"

Camille shrugged. "A while. I noticed the first pain this morning. In fact, it woke me up."

"It woke you up?" Tasha shuddered. "Can false labor do that?"

"Apparently."

"And when did you feel the next one?"

Camille shook her head. "I don't know. Maybe an hour or so later."

Alarm washed over Tasha. "How often are you feeling them now?"

"I don't know. I felt one right before we came out here."

"Okay. Tell me the next time you have one." Tasha glanced at her watch. 4:02 pm. She figured they'd been outside maybe five or ten minutes. If Camille was at the point that she should take these pains seriously, she'd need to feel another one soon.

Secretly, Tasha wished she would. She was ready to gush over the new baby. Camille had asked her to be the baby's godmother, and the way Tasha saw it, that gave her certain rights-to spoil the kid rotten.

Camille's hand flew to her belly. "Okay. There's one." Camille's eyebrows scrunched together. "It seems stronger than the others."

"Painful?"

"Not really painful. Just stronger."

"Okay. Let me know when it goes away."

Tasha watched the seconds tick away until nearly a full minute had gone by before Camille said, "Okay. It's gone."

"That was nearly a minute." A feeling of dismay crept over Tasha. "Do false labor pains last that long?"

Camille shrugged and rolled her eyes-eyes that had darkened with uncertainty and unease.

"Okay. Let me know the second the next one starts."

Tasha watched her watch. Twelve minutes after four came and went without incident.

She glanced up at Camille. "Anything?"

Camille's gaze bounced around the garden and then settled back on Tasha. "This is crazy." She shook her head. "I should just go take a shower or a nap or something. Maybe both."

"Maybe a shower is the way to go. Is there anything I can get you or bring you?"

"Something labor-inducing?" Camille laughed and pushed herself up from the sofa. Instantly, the smile left her lips. She let out a gasp as her head dropped and her mouth fell open.

Tasha looked down. "Oh shit!" She pointed at the splash of water at Camille's feet. "Is that...?"

"Well...either my water broke or I just peed my pants!"

Tasha steered Camille back inside the house and ushered her down the hallway. "Where is Julian?" she asked no one in particular.

"He's at work." Camille's hand went to her back and she winced.

"Another one?"

"Yeah," Camille said in a labored tone.

"Monique. Caroline. Parker...?" She called for one of the servants. "Somebody!" The panic settling in had strained Tasha's voice.

"Where are we going?" Camille asked.

Tasha ran the possibilities through her mind. Camille's bedroom? That was her first inclination. Camille's birthing bag for the hospital was up there. But that was on the third floor, and Camille would leave for the hospital from the main entrance on the second floor. No, going upstairs was a ridiculous idea.

Tasha directed Camille into the east parlor. "You wait in here." She settled Camille on the couch and stood over her for a moment. "I'm going to go find help...and your bag." She backed away and hurried for the door, glancing over her shoulder. "We'll call Julian on the way to the hospital."

"Shouldn't we call Dr. Goldman?" Camille called after her.

Of course, rolled through Tasha's mind. She paused at the doorway and nodded. "Yes. I'll see to it that he's called too." She drew her hands into fists and declared, "We're gonna have a baby!"

Tasha hurried through the hallways of Pacifique de Lumiere, looking for someone. Anyone. But the house seemed deserted.

Where the hell were the servants? She'd traversed numerous corridors and two floors without running into a single soul. Okay, time to take matters into her own hands. Tasha headed for the nearest telephone.

She called Dr. Goldman, explaining to him about Camille's water breaking, and as she figured, getting to the hospital was their top priority. After ending the call, she thought for a moment trying to decipher the thing to do next inside her chaotic thoughts.

Oh, yeah. I should probably call Julian. Setting the call in motion, she waited for someone to answer.

A receptionist at de Laurent Enterprises answered the call with the standard greeting capped off with her name: Marcia.

"Hi, Marcia. This is Tasha de Laurent. I wonder if I might speak with Julian?"

"I'm sorry, Mrs. de Laurent but both Mr. de Laurents are in Paris," she said of Andre and Julian.

"Paris?" Tasha all but screeched. "He can't be in Paris. Camille's water broke. We're heading to the hospital!"

"I can message him," the receptionist offered. "They took the helicopter. They should be able to fly back directly."

"Okay." Tasha blew out a bit of relief. "Please be sure to tell him her water broke. A baby is imminent."

"I will," the receptionist said amid a hint of laughter. "You just take care of Madame de Laurent. I'll see to it that Mr. de Laurent gets the message."

"All right," Tasha whispered, and hung up the telephone. She went back to the hallway, glanced up and down the corridor and let out an exasperated sigh.

Where was everybody?

Nearing desperation, she took off, turned a corner and ran smack dab into Claudette.

"Oh, God..." Tasha's anxiety relaxed at the sight of her mother-in-law. "Am I glad to see you."

"What's wrong?"

"It's Camille." Tasha paused, then a flood of anxieties came pouring out. "Her water broke. We need to get her to the hospital. Julian's in Paris. How am I supposed to tell her he's in Paris?"

"Calm down." Claudette's hands shot up to Tasha's upper arms near her shoulders. "Everything's going to be fine. Did you leave word at de Laurent Enterprises?" After Tasha nodded, Claudette continued, "Good. Did you call the doctor?" Another nod. "Good. Now we're going to have the car brought around. You and I will take Camille to the hospital. Everything's going to be fine."

All the tension and apprehension that had wound around Tasha so tightly melted away. Claudette's tone was as promising as her words. And if there was one thing Tasha knew to be true of Claudette-her word was golden.

At least, it had been since she'd known her. Tasha hoped that still held true.

By the time the party arrived at the hospital, Camille's pains were coming a couple of minutes apart, and they'd grown much stronger. Dr. Goldman had ordered an epidural, which instantly eased Camille's pain, and soon after that, her anxiety.

After the staff left, Tasha stepped up to her bedside and scooped up Camille's hand. "That's much better, huh?" But Tasha already knew the answer. She could tell from the relaxed look on Camille's face that the tension had flowed away the moment the epidural took effect.

"You found Julian, right?" Camille asked. "Tell me he's on his way."

"He is." Tasha nodded. "He should be here any minute."

"Okay." Camille sucked in a breath and looked toward the window.

The door opened and Julian's head peeked in. When he saw Camille, he smiled and came on in. He went to the opposite side of the bed from where Tasha was standing. With a grin on his face, he said to Camille, "So you've finally decided to pop?"

Tasha laughed to herself. He had been listening to their American idioms.

Julian slipped Camille's free hand in his, bent down and pressed his lips to hers. "Cheri..." he whispered. "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine," she said. "Now that you're here."

Julian held fast to Camille's hand, backed up a step and used the tip of his foot to drag the chair up. "I'm here for the duration," he said, and sat down.

Claudette stepped closer to Tasha. "Let's go get some coffee."

Tasha nodded.

"Can we get you anything, Julian?" Claudette asked, guiding Tasha toward the door.

"Coffee. Strong and black." Julian's eyes never left Camille's face.

"Julian..." Tasha stopped Claudette at the door. "Where's Andre?"

"He's around here somewhere. I think he stopped off at the restroom."

"Okay." Tasha blew out a sigh filled with relief. Not that she could explain it, but she felt better knowing Andre was close by. Maybe it had something to do with the remorse welling up inside her. She was happy and excited about Camille giving birth, but she couldn't help thinking that she could be doing, or at least she could be close to doing the same thing-if fate hadn't taken a nasty turn.

Claudette guided Tasha into the hallway. "You go wait there." She pointed toward the waiting area a few feet away. "I'm sure Andre will find his way here. I'm going to the coffee shop. You want something?" She looked at Tasha, but didn't wait for a response. "You're getting hot chocolate. No coffee for you. You're on edge enough as it is."

"Okay," Tasha said distantly, and proceeded toward the waiting area while rubbing her palms over the tweed skirt of her impeccably tailored sheath dress. She barely noticed Claudette disappearing into the elevator.

Stepping into the waiting area, Tasha looked around and then circled the large table in the center, taking note of the magazines strewn across the top. Cosmetique, Elle, Essential Homme, Gala, Hades, I 'Express and Le Figaro layered the top of the pile. After a complete full circle, she did another half-circle before sitting in one of the chairs. Tasha gazed around the room at the dull, off-white walls. There was a picture of daisies in a couple of vases on the wall directly across from her. How the picture had been chosen to hang there, she hadn't a clue. It wasn't that it was ugly, but it wasn't particularly appealing either. She pushed herself up and moved to the other side of the table, sitting beneath the picture. That way, she didn't have to look at it.

Thoughts of Camille and the impending birth of her baby flittered through Tasha's mind. The pregnancy had been an easy one. Camille's biggest complaint had been weight gain. She had appeared rather uncomfortable during the last few weeks. But, let's face it, Tasha thought, Camille was huge.

Tasha wondered how her pregnancy would've gone, if she hadn't been subjected to fate's cruel twist. Would she have gotten as big as Camille? And what was it like to give birth, anyway? Judging by Camille today, Tasha had to say it hurt. And probably a lot.

But that'd be okay. It was better than the alternative. She'd much rather bear the physical pain that came with childbirth rather than the emotional pain of miscarriage. Yes, bearing the physical pain was a much better option. Look at what she'd end up with. A precious baby born out of the love she shared with Andre. Tasha would give anything....

The tears had snuck up on her. She dropped her head into her hand and tried to stifle the tears that were hell-bent on escaping.

Firm hands gripped her upper arms. She knew in an instant that it was Andre, turned and fell into his embrace. His hug coaxed the pain from her and it came out in loud, vocal sobs.

"Why are you crying, mon tresor?" He reached into his jacket pocket and plucked out a handkerchief. "Is Camille okay?" he asked, dabbing at the tears on Tasha's cheeks. She nodded. After another dab or two, Andre pulled her back into his arms. "I know..." he said. "On a day like this it's hard not to take a detour down the road not taken."

"I feel horrible," Tasha mumbled through her tears.

"Why is that?"

"Because, Camille's in there having her baby, and I'm out here feeling sorry for myself."

Andre tightened his embrace. "Tasha, I don't ever want you to feel guilty about mourning the loss of our child." He backed her down onto the chair and sat in the one next to her, handing her his hankie.

"We've been trying for months, Andre." She took the handkerchief and wiped her nose. "What if I never get pregnant again?"

"We're not going to give up that easily." He shot her a smile. "We'll bring in the best fertility specialists known to man...if it comes to that."

If it comes to that. What if it did come to that? And what if the best out there couldn't do a thing for Tasha?

Tasha leaned on Andre as they stood in front of the hospital's nursery window. There in the front row, third from the left, was Juliana Renee de Laurent. The name Juliana was chosen for her father, and Renee was Tasha's middle name.

The baby lay sleeping peacefully in her basinet, and Tasha couldn't take her eyes off the tiny child. She looked like a miniature Julian, though her hair was more the color of her uncle Andre's.

Andre nestled Tasha closer. "Isn't our goddaughter beautiful?"

"Yes." Tasha nodded. "Yes, she is."

"She's bound to bring us luck."

If there was the slightest possibility of Juliana bringing them luck, then Tasha intended to stick to that baby like glue.

CHAPTER TWENTY

WHEN JULIANA WAS SIX WEEKS OLD, she'd gained nearly three pounds, weighing in now at ten pounds, twelve ounces. Her brown locks had turned darker and curled up, making her look more and more like Julian as each day passed. But her eyes, her eyes were all Camille, sparkling against her rosy cheeks like turquoise jewels.

Tasha glided into the nursery and sailed to the crib where Juliana was resting. She looked down at the baby and smiled. "Hi, baby girl." She reached down and scooped up the baby. "Did you have a nice nap?"

Juliana raised her fist and giggled.

"I thought so." Tasha bounced the baby gently in her arms. "You're such a sweet girl. Your mommy and daddy are so lucky."

"And Juliana is lucky to have an aunt who loves her as much as you." Camille seemed to materialize at Tasha's side.

Tasha looked at Camille, who had a full baby bottle in her hand, and then reluctantly handed over Juliana. Camille sat down in the rocking chair and slipped the bottle into Juliana's mouth. The baby latched on and started sucking.

Tasha tidied up the changing station, then put the clean laundry away that'd been laid on the chest near the door. Normally, one of the maids would put it away, but Camille had given the staff strict orders not to disturb Juliana when she was sleeping. Instead, she'd instructed them to drop the laundry off by the door and come back later when the baby was awake.

"So how are you feeling?" Camille asked. "Do you think this month will be the month?"

"I should've started yesterday."

"Sounds promising."

"From your lips to God's ears." Tasha glanced at her watch before moving toward the door. "Hey you want to go into Marseilles with me tomorrow? I'm looking for a birthday present for Andre."

"Oh, yes, his birthday is next week. Maybe you'll have the best present of all for him." Camille chuckled. "In the meantime, we'll go into town and find him a nice Rolex or something."

Moments after Tasha had left, Julian came in. He kissed Camille, then Juliana. Sliding his hands into his pockets, he beamed down at the two of them with a lingering gaze. Juliana was such a perfect little mix of Julian and Camille. Neither parent could help staring at the baby, mesmerized.

"I'm surprised Tasha's not in here." Julian sat down on the cushioned stool at Camille's feet.

"She was." Camille lifted her gaze from Juliana's face, looked at her husband, and then let her eyes drift back down to the baby. "I think she had some errands to run, or something."

Honestly, Camille couldn't remember why Tasha had left and that laid a heavy guilt trip on her.

"Well, thank goodness." Julian pushed himself up and paced the length of the open space in the middle of the room.

Camille looked up at him. "What do you mean?"

"Instead of that underworked nanny, we should've hired Andre's wife. Between the two of you, there's nothing left for the nanny to do."

"You need to cut Tasha some slack, Julian. Besides, Juliana is her niece. And I, for one, am thankful that she loves her instead of resents her. After all, had fate not been so cruel, she'd be in the nursery holding her own baby right now."

"Why don't they have another child?"

"They're trying. They've been trying for months."

"Oh..." The single word grated over Julian's voice with palpable shame. He swiped his hand across his forehead. "I'll try to go easier on her."

"Hopefully, this month will be the charm. She is late."

"What is it the Americans say...?" Julian looked at Camille. "When you least expect it."

Two days later, Tasha started her period.

Tasha and Andre waited in silence in Dr. Jolie's office. They'd been referred to the fertility specialist by Dr. Ainsworth. Andre thought they were acting a bit prematurely, but if it made Tasha feel better to come into the doctor's office and talk to him, then Andre was more than willing to set up the appointment.

Tasha fidgeted with the hem of her skirt, rubbing it between her fingers. As if she knew his eyes were on her, she looked up at Andre and gave him a weak smile.

He reached for her hand, tangled his fingers around hers and gave her a squeeze. "Whatever he says...we'll get through it together."

Tasha sucked in a breath, but it did nothing to chase away the anxiety that'd overtaken her face. She wanted a baby. And Andre wanted to give her one. He'd gladly spend every last dime of Uncle Edouard's inheritance on fertility treatments if he thought it would increase their odds.

The door opened and Dr. Jolie came in. He was a tall, slim fellow with light hair and eyes. Aesthetically pleasing to the senses, he probably had a way of easing his uptight clients-it was working with Andre.

"Andre, Tasha." He shook their hands and moved behind his desk to sit down. He perused the file and without looking up, he said. "I see you had a miscarriage last September."

Tasha nodded and Andre answered vocally, "Yes."

Finally, Dr. Jolie raised his eyes to make contact with them. "When did you start trying to conceive again?"

"Well, we weren't ever not trying." Andre laughed to hide the uncomfortable feeling creeping over him. "But we've been aware of her ovulation schedule since Christmas."

"So not even six months." He closed the file and pushed it aside. "The best advice I could give you two is to relax and give nature a chance."

"There's nothing else we can do?" Tasha's emotion-choked voice made Andre feel bad. Andre knew what she was hoping for when they came in to see Dr. Jolie. She wanted an instant pill that would cause her ovaries to release a dozen eggs at once, hoping those odds could assure that at least one of Andre's sperm would cross the finish line.

It was becoming clear to Andre, though, that Dr. Jolie had other ideas. "Tell you what..." The doctor stood. That had to be a bad sign. Didn't standing mean he was about to show them out? "Let's just let nature take its course. If Tasha isn't with child by the time Christmas rolls around, then we'll discuss fertility options."

Christmas? Seriously? The fertility doctor wanted Tasha to wait six months before implementing some sort of a treatment plan?

Tasha let Andre lead her, pretty much in a daze, to the limo waiting outside the building's main entrance. He helped her into the car and then climbed in himself.

"Can you close the partition, please?" she whispered to Andre.

"Sure thing." He reached for the button and pressed it. The window immediately and effectively cut them off from the driver. Andre slipped her hand in his and squeezed. "Look, I know this wasn't the news you wanted to hear, but if there's nothing wrong with either of us then the odds are in our favor, right?"

Tasha appreciated Andre's pep talk, but optimism wasn't a part of Tasha's skill set right now. Maybe it just wasn't meant to be. Maybe Tasha was destined to be the aunt who spoiled her nieces and nephews rotten, to the dismay of their parents.

"You know, I've been thinking..." And she had. Not very long, only since the doctor's words had filled her mind, but once Tasha got an idea in her head, it didn't take much for it to take hold. "Maybe we should just forget about this fertility business." She looked at Andre for direction. "Maybe we should quit trying and just let nature take its course. I can't keep living like this. Wondering every month if we've succeeded, and then feeling the deflation when we don't. If it happens, wonderful. If it doesn't, we need to be able to move on and just enjoy our lives."

"I agree. Let's give nature a chance." He pulled her to him and kissed her cheek. "But are you sure you're okay with leaving it up to fate?"

"Yes." She nodded. "Besides...I'm having a lot of fun driving Julian up the wall. He thinks I'm obsessed with Juliana." Tasha giggled. "I do enjoy the little tyke, but I also enjoy freaking out Julian."

After returning to Pacifique de Lumiere, Andre settled Tasha in for a nap and then went out to the gardens. He knew Tasha was just being brave. That she wasn't as compliant with the doctor's advice as she'd claimed. Trouble was, Andre wasn't sure how to make this right.

In the garden, Andre turned sideways and squeezed through the hedges. The Roman Goddess statue, the protector of the garden, and the benches perched against all four walls of shrubs might have been weathered with time, and the trees and shrubs might have grown considerably, but every time Andre came into the grove he was transported back to a time when he was no more than two. He had flashes of memories about playing here. He knew his mother used to bring him and Julian inside the grove, but even so, Andre hadn't a single memory of his mother even though he well remembered playing in here with Julian. There was a part of Andre's heart that felt cheated because he hadn't any memories of his mother. If only he could've managed to save just one.

He took the handkerchief from his pocket and brushed dust from the goddess statue's face. "Mama, where did I go wrong?" Andre asked, barely above a whisper. His gaze moved to the memorial stone beside the goddess. It and the new bench at the foot of the statues were the newest things in the garden. Andre's eyes traveled over the words on the memorial stone.

We thought of you with love today,

but that is nothing new.

We thought about you yesterday

and days before that too.

Your memory is our keepsake,

with which we'll never part.

God has you in His keeping,

We have you in our hearts.

In loving memory of our little Angel.

We cherish the few precious weeks

your mother carried you in her womb.

"Is this punishment for not telling Tasha about the stipulations of the will in the first place?" A chill shuddered over him. "Did our only child die because of me?"

The hedges rustled behind him. Andre looked over his shoulder just in time to see Julian squeezing through.

"What are you doing here?" Andre asked.

"Looking for you."

"Why?"

"I saw you come out here. And you only come out here when something's troubling you."

Andre had to give Julian credit. When he was right, he was right. Even so, that didn't mean Andre was going to tell Julian what was troubling him. "You wouldn't understand," he said, shaking his head.

Julian stopped beside Andre and shoved his hands in his trouser pockets. "Try me."

Andre shook his head. "I just can't help wondering if this mess isn't a product of my own doing."

"I'm not following you."

"I told you that you wouldn't understand."

"I'm sure I could if you'd just help me to understand what you think you've done that's so awful."

"I should've been forthcoming with Tasha. I should've told her from the beginning what was really going on."

"So tell her now."

"It's far too late for that." Andre stared at the ground. "I should've told her from the beginning."

"So why didn't you?"

"Because she was pregnant. I was afraid she would think I was only marrying her to get the inheritance. I didn't want her to say no." Andre shook his head and lifted his gaze back up to the memorial stone. "Because of my selfishness, we lost our baby."

"Wait..." Julian's voice leaped up an octave. "Are you telling me that you think Tasha's miscarriage was a direct result of you not being forthcoming with her? That it was karma?"

"Precisely."

"Andre, that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard." Julian's tone was short. "It seems to me that you feel you've misled your wife, and now you want to come clean and tell her about the terms for you to inherit the Renault fortune, but you're afraid she'll still leave you." Julian looked at Andre and laughed.

"Do you doubt that she won't?"

"No." Julian shook his head and laughed. "My money's on her dumping you."

American idioms. Camille and Tasha were wearing off on Julian.

In the garden, Cecily held her breath while listening to Julian give Andre a pep talk. She didn't dare breathe for fear that they'd discover her on the other side of the hedges.

Based on what Cecily was hearing, this was the evidence she'd been waiting for. This was her proof that Andre had indeed kept his wife in the dark. Dealing with a bought wife probably would've been easier. Valid marriages could be hard to break up-unless one party was hiding something from the other. Something like marrying them to inherit a large fortune. Tasha de Laurent wasn't going to take this lightly. And if Cecily played her cards right, she would convince the woman that her marriage was a farce.

The hedges began to ruffle, and Cecily rushed to the closest wall and rounded the corner to hide. Standing with her back against the shrubbery, she didn't dare peek around the corner for fear of being discovered.

She couldn't be found out now, not when she finally had the advantage. Cecily had some planning to do. It might take her a couple of weeks to figure out exactly what to say to Tasha, but once she did, Cecily knew it would be the first step to claiming the Renault fortune as her own.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

BEFORE CECILY HAD ACCEPTED THE JOB as Julian and Camille's nanny, her initial plan had simply been to break up Andre's marriage. But now that she'd been living among them for a few months, she thought better of it. It wasn't that she was afraid of Andre, or cared about his or his wife's feelings. It's just that she'd decided he was more likely to give up one thing in exchange for another, rather than being forced to lose both. Today was the day Andre de Laurent would have to make a choice.

Cecily canvassed the hallways of Pacifique de Lumiere, searching for him. Thunder roared overhead. It didn't surprise her. When she'd come up to the main house in the golf cart this morning, the cloud cover overhead was suggestive of an impending storm. Fitting, she thought, since she was about to rain on Andre de Laurent's parade.

On the ground floor, she found him. "Oh, Mr. Andre," she called to him as he was about to head into the stairwell that led to the garage. "Might I have a word?"

Andre glanced over his shoulder. "Miss..." he said, and then waited for her name.

Why would he know her name? She was just a servant in his eyes. "Cecily. Please call me Cecily."

"What can I do for you?"

She pointed to the small salon on the right. "May we speak in private?"

"Sure." Andre opened the door and gestured for her to go inside.

He followed her into the salon, but didn't close the door. She looked at it and waited for him to close it. She didn't need any busybodies listening in. Finally, he got the message and shut the door.

Cecily glanced at the three large windows evenly spaced along the western wall. Outside, the sky had darkened.

Andre crossed his arms and looked at her. "All right. Why all the privacy? What can I do for you?"

"Well..." She hesitated and then met his eyes. "You and I need to come to an understanding."

A flash of lightning lit up the darkness outside.

"Is that right?" He all but laughed. "And just what do we need to understand?"

Thunder rattled the old house.

"Well, it's kind of complicated." From out of nowhere, a bout of nerves hit her full blast. Breathe deep, Cecily, she told herself. She had the advantage. There was no way Andre could win, considering what she knew about his marriage.

"I'm sure you can find those well-practiced words somewhere inside the scheme you've concocted."

The first patters of rain pelted the windows.

Smug bastard. "Yes." She lifted her chin. Those damned de Laurents had always been witless and cruel. "Yes, I can." She nodded to give herself time to corral the insulted feeling coursing through her. "What it all comes to, is this..." She cleared her throat. "You are going to give up your claim on Edouard Renault's fortune."

Lightning flashed and thunder roared overhead. The sky opened up and poured bucketfuls of rain against the windows.

Amusement danced across Andre's eyes. Nothing happening outside bothered him. Not the lightning. Not the thunder. Not the rain. "What is this? Some kind of joke?"

"Not hardly." She hoped she held her face straight enough to hide the jitters rolling around inside her stomach. Maybe it was the weather. She certainly wasn't afraid of Andre de Laurent. "In two weeks' time..." She sucked in a breath and went on with her plan. "You will relinquish your claim on the inheritance and turn it over to the heirs next in line."

"And I'm guessing that you know that's not my brother or sister."

Another intense glare through the window preceded a stunning roll of thunder. She nodded.

"So you want me to walk away from not only my inheritance-" Andre shook his head. "-but my brother and sister's, too?" Andre tossed his head back and laughed.

The rain continued to fall, steady and ceaseless.

"You'll do it."

"What makes you so sure of that?"

"If you want to keep that wife of yours, you will."

"Just leave my wife out of this." He drew his elbows in and held them tightly against his sides.

"I would..." Cecily gave him a wide grin. "Except that your inheritance depends upon her position in your life."

"Why don't we get to the point?" Andre suggested.

"All right." Cecily squared her shoulders. "If you do not relinquish your claim to the Renault fortune within two weeks time, I will share your secret with your wife."

Diffused lightning heralded the distant roar of the storm. The weather outside might be clearing, but the one inside was far from over.

"And what secret is that?" Andre's tone remained calm, even as the beads of perspiration peppered his brow line. Did she know something or was it just a bluff?

"That you didn't tell her about the conditions under which you'd inherit your late uncle's fortune when you married her."

Shit. Would she really tell Tasha? And if so, why? What good would it do her if he stepped aside? "Why is it so important to you that I relinquish my claim?" Then it hit him. Cecily. Cecily was also the name of his distant cousin who would inherit if he did not meet the terms of the will. Andre glanced at the windows, rain splatters and fog on them made it hard to see outside. He looked back at the woman who'd just tried to blackmail him. "You're Cecily Garceau." It was more of a statement than a question.

"You're a bright one," she said pointedly. "Since yours is not an arranged marriage, I believe you'll want to keep your wife over the inheritance."

"Well, Cecily..." He stepped toward her and reached for her arm. "You're right." He latched onto her elbow, tightly, and guided her toward the door. "At least about the part about me wanting to keep my wife."

Andre directed her into the hallway and stopped. Still holding onto Cecily, he fished his cell out of his pocket and hit number two on the speed dial. Simon had been relegated to number two after Andre met Tasha, before that he was number one.

Simon answered immediately. "Yes, sir."

"Simon, I'm on the first floor, heading to the garage. Come at once, and bring George and William with you," he instructed. "And speak of this to no one." Andre looked at the phone and said, "hurry," before disconnecting the call.

"What are you doing?" Cecily tried to twist out of Andre's hold. He tightened his grip. She ordered, "Let go of me."

"Not a chance." He shook his head.

"I demand that you release me."

"You will be released once you're outside the gates of Pacifique de Lumiere." Now that he knew who she was, it gave Andre great pleasure to remove her from the estate. How dare she try to blackmail him?

"Now?" Fear darkened her cold gray eyes. "You're evicting me now?"

"You catch on fast." He threw her own line back at her.

"But I live in the caretaker's cottage."

"You did."

"What about my things?"

"Leave an address with Simon. Your belongings will be delivered to you within the week."

"What about my husband?"

"Please, take him with you."

"But he's at work. He won't be home until the evening."

"Then you'd better call him." Andre nodded. "If either of you come to the gates of Pacifique de Lumiere, you will be arrested."

"For what?"

"Don't worry." He winked. "We'll think of something."

Simon, George and William rounded the corner. Andre handed Cecily off to his valet. "Remove her from the premises. Take her to Marseilles and drop her off at a local hotel. If she has no prospects, put her in one of our properties. The main thing..." Andre perched his finger in the air. "Neither she nor her husband are ever to set foot on the grounds of Pacifique de Lumiere again."

The rain had stopped and the storm had moved on, but the evidence was still there. Everything outside was wet and a few ominous clouds still hung in the sky. Andre took it as a sign to proceed with caution where Cecily was concerned. One word from her and his whole world could collapse.

He put off his trip into Marseilles, opting instead to go into the east salon and have a drink to calm himself. He needed to find Julian or Camille right away and let them know that he'd fired their nanny.

Once on the second floor he found the salon empty. Good. He charged to the bar on the other side of the room. The nerve of that woman. He latched onto a bottle of scotch and yanked off the stopper. He poured himself a generous three fingers and reattached the bottle's plug.

He'd have to find a way to make sure Cecily didn't get to Tasha. Perhaps they should take a trip, leave Marseilles for a while. He kicked back the scotch. The liquid warmed him all the way to his gut.

"Andre..." Camille's voice came up behind him. He peered over his shoulder, setting down the glass. When their eyes met, she said, "Have you seen Cecily?"

Andre swallowed around the knot budding in his throat. Firing Julian and Camille's nanny was one thing, gaining their approval for it was another. He pointed to the bar, "You'd better have a drink."

"Uh oh." She cut him a sideways glance and reached for the door. "I have a feeling I'm not going to like this."

"I have a feeling you're going to hate it."

Camille closed the door. "Maybe you'd better tell me what you know," she said, moving toward him.

Andre killed time by pouring her a drink. He offered the glass and she took it, but didn't take even a sip. She just stood there waiting for him to tell her what was going on.

He poured himself another drink and downed it. The glass made a clicking sound when he set it down on the bar. He looked at her. "I fired your nanny."

Camille's mouth fell open. "What?"

"It had to be done."

"What do you mean it had to be done?" She'd found her voice again, and it was demanding answers.

"Her name is Cecily Garceau Mason."

Andre could practically see the wheels turning inside Camille's head. She was trying to figure out where she'd heard that name.

"She was at Edouard Renault's funeral." He nodded. "She and her brother will inherit the entire Renault fortune if I fail to meet the terms of the will."

"But that's a moot point. You are married."

"She knows...somehow she found out that Tasha doesn't know I have to be married for one year to inherit." Andre cleared his throat. "Cecily threatened to tell her if I don't relinquish my claim on the Renault fortune."

Camille's eyebrows shot up. "Is she gone?" There was an immediacy in her tone now. She went to the couch and sat down. After a brief interval of silence, she looked up at Andre. "We have to get that woman off this property."

"Already taken care of." He moved to the chair opposite Camille and dropped down onto it. "I had her removed and barred from the estate. That'll give me time to figure out how to proceed."

"You have to tell Tasha."

Andre stared down at his hands. He rubbed his palms and then laced his fingers together before looking back at Camille. "And you know very well what'll happen next. She'll leave."

"No." She shook her head. "We don't know that."

"You're kidding yourself."

Camille sucked in a breath as a look of worry crossed her face. She blew out a sigh and nodded. "Yeah. She would. She's just too damned proud for her own good."

Andre laughed.

"What's so funny?"

"You two are very much alike, you know."

"Well, you know what they say about birds and feathers."

Birds and feathers? Andre was mildly curious but didn't want to get Camille started on something else. He had a real, not to mention immediate, problem. A problem he was beginning to realize that he needed help in fixing.

"Nevertheless..." Camille said. "I doubt Cecily will go away so easily, considering that busting up your marriage will be rather profitable for her."

"What am I going to do?" The thought caused Andre's entire body to tense up. "I had her removed from the estate, but let's face it...there's no way to stop her, short of keeping Tasha hostage here on the grounds." He sucked in a breath and tightened his mouth. After exhaling, he said, "I can't do that."

"That's why you have to tell Tasha."

"I don't care about the money myself." He looked at Camille. "But it's not just my money at stake. There's you and Julian and Lecie. How can I be responsible for the three of you losing one hundred million dollars?"

Camille hated the thought of hiding anything from Tasha, but she also had her child's future to consider. A fifty-million dollar trust fund for Juliana, and any other children Camille might one day have, would go a long way toward securing their futures. She looked at Andre. "But what'll we do?"

"I'd like to say I could hide it from her forever."

"But that's not very realistic, is it?"

Andre shook his head.

"Far as I can see," Camille said. "You have one of two choices. You can tell Tasha now, and hope she doesn't do what we both know she will."

"Or...?"

"Or, you can take her away until the two months are up...and you, Julian, and Lecie have received your inheritances."

"I could do that."

"If you do choose that route, you have to tell her before you bring her home. If she finds out from anybody else, she will never forgive you."

"I don't think she's going to forgive me no matter what." Andre shook his head.

"If she hears it from you, I think she will. Eventually." Camille shrugged. "It's just a matter of how much time that'll take."

"You make it sound so easy." Andre laughed as if it were a ridiculous notion.

"The question you have to ask yourself is...do you want to stay married to Tasha?"

Of course, Andre wanted to stay married to Tasha. A year ago, he hadn't thought getting married was a good idea, that it would only lead to trouble. But that was then and this was now. Now he was married to Tasha and he wanted to stay that way. He also wanted to make sure his brother and sister got their inheritances.

Was it possible that he could do both?

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

TASHA LOOKED OUT THE WINDOW at the gardens below, the rolling hills beyond, and the Mediterranean off in the distance. The storm clouds had moved on, leaving only blue skies.

She moved away from the window and headed for the bathroom. She'd been expecting her period for the better part of a week now, but she wasn't getting her hopes up. She'd done that last month and had been disappointed three days later.

Tasha turned sideways and looked at her reflection in the mirror. Her tummy was still flat. She wasn't even bloated, which was something that always happened when she got her period. She used her upper arms to squeeze her breast. They were sore, sorer than usual for the onset of her period.

The last time she'd experienced anything like this-

No! Tasha shook her head. She wasn't going there. Not today. Not now.

She sucked in a breath, took one last glance at herself in the mirror and left the bathroom. The jewelry she'd picked out for the day had been laid out on top of the dresser. Emeralds to match her perfectly-fitted chartreuse pant suit.

She picked up the ring and slipped it on the ring finger of her right hand. The white gold ring was set with a five-carat emerald surrounded by an entourage of four carats of round and baguette diamonds that trailed across the band. The ring's design made Tasha think of movie stars from days gone by. She envisioned Carole Lombard or Greta Garbo wearing something like this on the red carpet.

She picked up the earrings and pinned them to her ears. Fifteen carats of emeralds and more than six carats of diamonds. The earrings were heavy, to be sure, but she'd endure them for a little while. Their sleek, shimmering and sophisticated droplet design made her feel like a princess.

Next, she scooped up the bracelet. It was the least flashy of the set, with three and a half carats of round diamonds and one and a half carats of emeralds on four dangling rows of glittering elegance.

The emerald-and-diamond-studded choker was a display of refined elegance, showcasing more than thirty-eight carats of vibrant green emeralds and over sixteen carats of shimmering diamonds. Tasha picked up the necklace, an end in each hand, lifted it to her shoulders and held it there. Latching these expensive, jewel-heavy necklaces that Andre had been giving her had proved to be quite the chore.

"Need some help?" From behind, Andre slipped the ends of the necklace from her hands and latched it around her neck. "There," he said, caressing her shoulders. "You look positively marvelous." In the mirror he gave her a smile.

"Thanks to you." She chuckled.

"Nonsense." He swung her around in his arms and embraced her. "You make the jewelry I give you look good."

"You are a wonderful liar." Tasha slid her arms around his neck and pressed her lips to his. The kiss was long, slow and deep.

When their lips parted, he said, "And that, mon tresor, is why I never tire of showering you with fine things."

"You do an excellent job of spoiling me." The words were there, telling him how much she loved and appreciated him, but her tone was lacking. She couldn't help it. She didn't want him to know she was feeling bored because she didn't have anything to do, aside from dressing and adorning herself with the expensive clothes and jewelry that Andre constantly gave her.

"What is it?" He crooked his finger under her chin.

"I think I need a hobby."

"A hobby?"

"Or a job."

"A job?" Andre's eyes nearly crossed. It made Tasha laugh.

"I don't have anything to do, Andre." She shrugged. "I'm not the sit-around-and-do-nothing kind of girl. I need something to occupy myself with during the day."

"We have a movie studio at our disposal," he said. "Or at least we will in two months. Shall we find a project for you to star in?"

As appealing as that would've been to her a year ago, it didn't carry the same weight now. She hesitated and glanced away. "I seem to have lost that bug."

"Okay..." His voice trailed off and his eyes darted back and forth. He sucked in a breath, and said, "Why don't you come to work with me?" His eyes brightened as he said it. "Help me run Mont Claire. I need someone I can trust. And who better than you?"

"You mean it?" Tasha's hopes escalated. Working alongside Andre-well that, she just realized, was now her dream.

"I do." He gave her a nod and a smile. "And we can start now. I was just coming to tell you that I have to go away on business, to prepare to take over Mont Claire. But now, instead of merely traveling with me, you will join me as not only my wife, but also my business partner." There was a giddiness in his demeanor now. "There is much to do. We'll be gone for several weeks."

Tasha swelled with eagerness. The prospect of running a billion-dollar corporation with Andre made her feel more alive than she had in months. "I'm probably going to have lots to learn."

"And I will gladly teach you," he said. "But I think you're going to be more useful than you know." He winked at her.

"This is so exciting. When will we leave?"

"Soon. The day after tomorrow." His eyes made a powerful contact with hers. "We'll be gone several weeks. You'll want to get started packing."

"Several weeks as in three or four? Or more like a couple of months?"

"More like a couple of months."

"That's a lot of business to attend to."

"Mont Claire has a great number of holdings."

"Boy, I'll say." She glanced around the room. "So I guess I should pack a little of everything?"

"A lot of everything." Andre chuckled. "I know you have your favorites, and by all means bring those. If you discover you need anything later, we'll buy it while on the road."

Tasha had to admit that she liked directing packing more than the actual packing. Last evening, she'd given her maid Rose and a couple of the other house maids a list of the things she wanted to take, and this morning they were filling her suitcases.

That left Tasha with some time to go into Marseilles and pick up a few things. She was sure she could pick them up on the road, but half the fun of going away was picking up last minute items. She left word of where she was going with Rose, and headed for the garage.

On the ground floor, Tasha learned that all three chauffeurs were already out. Andre had said something about hiring another driver, but as of yet, it hadn't been done.

"That's okay," she told Parker. "There are other cars in the garage, right?"

Parker nodded.

"Well, have one of them brought around for me. I'll drive myself."

"If that is Madam's wish." Parker headed for the garage.

Tasha went back to the central stairway and headed up to the second floor's main entrance to wait for the car. She reached for the doorknob, but changed her mind, deciding to check with Camille to see if she wanted to join her.

She trotted up the stairs and headed for the nursery, figuring that's where she'd find Camille. In her place, that's where Tasha would be.

Peeking her head into the room, she saw Camille sitting in the rocker, holding Juliana. The lights were turned down, soft music filled the air, and the baby was sleeping peacefully. Seeing the glow emanating from Camille's face, Tasha smiled.

"Hey..." Tasha whispered, standing in the doorway.

"What's up?" Camille asked in a hushed voice.

"I'm going into town." Tasha tried to match her tone. "Wondered if you wanted to come with me. We could do lunch."

"I wish I could," Camille said. "I'm interviewing today."

"Interviewing? Interviewing for what?"

"A new nanny."

"A new nanny?" Tasha was starting to feel like a parrot. "What happened to Cecily?"

Camille hesitated. "I wish I knew. She up and quit."

"Really?" Tasha's voice showed her confusion. "I got the feeling she thought herself rather grand working here."

"Maybe she found something else that she thinks will make her feel grander." Camille chuckled.

Tasha pushed away from the doorjamb. "Okay...well, you know Andre and I are leaving town tonight. We'll be gone a while," she said with a bit of remorse. Tasha hated leaving behind her one true friend. "Stay in touch, okay?"

Camille got up and put Juliana in her crib, covered her with a light blanket, then turned toward Tasha. She sucked in a breath and moved toward her. "You and I," she said, reaching for Tasha's hands, "are going to be seeing plenty of each other. We are family now, after all."

Tasha shrugged and tried to ward off the tears pooling around her eyes. "I'm just being a big baby."

"You and I have been friends for so long..."

"Yeah, and isn't this what we've always dreamed of?" she asked herself as much as Camille. "To be married to two brothers so we'd officially be in the same family."

"Yeah." Camille laughed. "I guess neither of us considered that marrying rich brothers would mean lots of time away from home."

"Well, at least not ones as rich as Andre and Julian."

They both tamped down their laughter, for fear of waking the baby.

After two days, the call Cecily had been waiting for came.

Peter Wittmeyer's breathless voice delivered the news, "Tasha just left the de Laurent estate. And she's alone."

"Are you sure it's her?" Cecily asked.

"Positive. She's in a convertible."

"Direction?"

"So far, it looks like Marseilles."

"Great." Cecily paused, mentally checking her excitement. It was too early for that. "With any luck at all, she's heading for Marseilles."

"Wherever she's headed," Peter said. "I'll be right behind her."

"Keep me posted," Cecily said. "I want to know every move she makes."

Tasha had made a few stops in Marseilles. First, to pick up a pair of red shoes she'd seen in a boutique window over the weekend. Then a local drugstore just around the corner from her favorite bistro, where she perused the aisles to get a few travel-sized toiletries. Andre had told her there was no point, but some things were a hard habit to break. Maybe someday she'd get used to the idea that jet-setting around the globe was common practice, but so far that hadn't happened. Right now, Tasha was giddy about the upcoming weeks of travel ahead of her and Andre.

She'd been so wrapped up in the idea of running Mont Claire with Andre that when she strolled past the pregnancy tests, it slammed into her that she still hadn't gotten her period.

Tasha stopped. Various notions flitted through her mind. How many days had it been since she'd thought her period should be starting? She counted mentally and moved her fingers in unison. Upwards of ten now. Tasha ran the facts through her head. Bloating, no. Pre-menstrual cramps, no. And that one pimple that always popped up on her chin, no. Breast tenderness, check. Tasha reached for one of the packages like it might be hot or something. Once she latched on to it, she tossed it into the hand basket she was carrying.

She'd take it when she got home. That way, when she and Andre left that evening, she'd know one way or another.

Tasha finished her business at the drug store and headed around the corner to grab a bite at the bistro. She was one of those rare people who could eat alone and never give it a second thought.

She'd settled in at a table by the window and ordered an iced tea. After the waitress brought it, she doused it with Splenda and stirred it with her straw. Just as she was about to take a sip, she saw someone approaching. Glancing up, she saw Cecily, Camille's newly ex-nanny looming over her.

"Cecily." Tasha set the glass down on the table. "Imagine seeing you here."

"May I?" Cecily gestured to the empty chair across from Tasha.

"Sure." Tasha shrugged. "Why not?" She waved her hand at the empty chair and sipped her tea with the other.

"Are you alone?" Cecily asked.

Tasha nodded. "Yeah, everybody's busy." She shrugged. "But I still have to eat."

"As do I." Her shaky tone didn't match the big smile she'd plastered on. Something was going on, and Tasha intended to find out what.

"So I'm told that you've left our employ." Tasha looked her straight in the eye. "I thought you were happy with us?"

"Oh, I was."

"Then why'd you quit?"

"Quit?" Her tone rose an entire octave and then fell again before she added, "Is that what he told you?"

He? A bad feeling was starting to gather around Tasha. "Did you or did you not voluntarily leave our employ?" she asked uneasily.

"I did not."

"What exactly are you implying, Ms. Mason?" Overcome by the feeling that this wasn't a friendly meeting, Tasha moved the conversation to a purely professional level.

"I'm not implying anything." She raised a high chin. "It's a fact, I was fired."

"By whom?" That feeling of dread that'd been creeping up on her wrapped itself fully around her.

"Your husband."

"What?" That didn't make sense to Tasha, and it showed in her voice. "Why on earth would my husband fire you?"

"Oh, he has a very good reason for wanting to get rid of me." She was almost laughing now.

"And what might that be?" Tasha shifted in her chair, trying to ward off the uneasiness creeping up her back.

"He doesn't want me to tell you the secret." She was whispering now, like she had some deep, dark secret.

"But you're going to."

"That I am." She nodded. "I gave him a chance to choose, but he didn't like that idea."

"Why don't we cut to the chase?" Tasha was starting to get annoyed. "And you tell me what you think you know."

"He had to marry you."

Tasha looked at Cecily through squinted eyes. Andre didn't have to marry her. But who told Cecily about the baby? "No one forced him," she said in a hardened tone.

"Yes, in a manner of speaking, they did."

"Who is they?"

"Well, not really a they so much as a who." She hesitated, and Tasha figured it was on purpose. Tasha gave her a cold stare, which prompted Cecily to talk. "It's the will. He married you because of the will. It said he had to get married and stay married for one year to inherit his uncle's fortune."

What? Tasha's heart thudded against her chest. This could not be so. "And if he didn't get married, or doesn't stay married for the required year...?"

"He forfeits."

"His share?"

"The entire thing."

Did that mean Julian and Lecie's inheritances, too? She thought about asking Cecily, but Tasha got the feeling that Cecily wasn't on her side, and she wasn't doing this out of some misguided attempt to help Tasha.

She could guess Cecily's motives. Somebody had put her up to this, possibly even paid her. But Tasha didn't care about what role Cecily truly played in this charade. What she did care about was that Andre had failed to share a very important stipulation of his late uncle's will with her-and Tasha wanted to know why.

"Would you excuse me?" She took the napkin from her lap and laid it on the table in front of her. Standing, she added, "I believe I feel a headache coming on."

As Tasha walked away, she heard Cecily say, "I'll just bet you do."

Tasha's first thought was to turn around and tell her off, but Tasha's common sense told her not to bother. Instead, she headed for the door. She had far more pressing matters. Like why Andre had chosen to keep her in the dark.

And was she pregnant?

Back at Pacifique de Lumiere, Tasha hurried to the suite she and Andre shared and dumped the shopping bags onto the bed. She rummaged through them until she found the pregnancy test. Clutching it in her hand, she sucked in a breath and headed for the bathroom. Inside, she closed the door, turned the lock, and took another deep breath.

This morning, Tasha had wanted desperately to be pregnant again, even though she hadn't admitted it-until now. But in light of the impromptu meeting she'd just had with Cecily, she was now having second thoughts.

What if she were pregnant? Would it be a good idea to stay with Andre, knowing why he'd married her? If only he'd told her about the will's requirements for inheriting. She probably would've been apprehensive, but at least she would've known he trusted her enough to tell her the truth. Yet, he hadn't told her. And the way this thing was playing out, the whole deal seemed shady.

Tasha blew out her frustrations and tore into the test's packaging. She couldn't figure out her next step until she knew all the facts. And the fact of whether or not she was pregnant would determine her next move.

She dropped her pants and undergarments, sat down on the toilet and followed the instructions for taking the test. When she was done, she capped the test and laid it on the sink. After readjusting her clothing, she washed her hands and tried not to look at the stick, wanting to wait the full three minutes the instructions had suggested.

Tasha dried her hands on the nearby towel, then lowered the top toilet seat and sat down. She propped her chin in her hands and began to contemplate what she'd do if it turned out she was pregnant versus if she wasn't.

If the test was negative, she'd simply leave and go back to LA. She was used to living on her own, taking care of herself. She might have been living in the lap of luxury for nearly a year, but it wasn't so long that she had forgotten how to take care of herself. She'd go back to her old home, and her old dreams.

Tasha closed her eyes, wanting desperately, but was half-afraid, to look at the stick. Her life was about to turn in a very different direction, no matter the results. Either way, it wasn't going to be easy.

Had it been three minutes? Surely it had.

She opened one eye and let her gaze roll over toward the stick.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

CECILY CHARGED THROUGH THE FOYER of her brother's home. She needed no help in finding Connie's library. She knew the layout of this house better than she did the place where Andre de Laurent had stashed her and Daniel.

Connie was already inside the library. Good. Cecily laid her purse on the table by the door and hurried toward her brother standing by the window with a drink in hand.

"Well, you sure took your sweet time..." He raised his glass in a toast. "Considering the hurry you seemed to be in on the phone."

"Make jokes all you want." Nothing, not even Connie's negativity, could alienate her now. "But you'll be thanking me before too long."

"Is that a fact?" He took a drink.

Cecily went to the bar and poured herself a whiskey and seven. She deserved a drink, and lots more. She raised a silent toast to herself before turning back to face Connie. "A couple of days ago I thought we were done for."

"We are done for." He shook his head. "You had a damn good job with the de Laurents. You should've just kept your mouth shut."

"You say that now." She strolled toward the window and glanced out. The backyard was small but lush, with green grass and trees lining the back fence. If she leaned toward the window enough, she'd be able to see the hot pink Phlox lining the perimeter of the house. "It's like I've always told you, Connie...good things come to those who wait."

"A couple months more..." Connie shrugged. "And it won't matter." He looked at Cecily with a soft expression. "What will you do now?"

"Wait."

"Wait?" His voice filled with surprise, then skepticism. "Wait for what?"

"For the attorneys to call us and tell us that Andre de Laurent has relinquished his claim on the Renault fortune," she said in a mean-spirited tone.

"I don't think that's going to happen." He shook his head. He looked at Cecily and raised his near-empty glass in a toast. "You're an optimist, I'll give you that." He swallowed the rest of his drink.

"Well, I do have reason to be."

"What have you done now, sister dear?"

"I had a little chat with Mrs. de Laurent today."

That got his attention. For the first time since she'd walked into the room, he looked at her with a hopeful expression. "I take it you mean Andre's wife?"

"That's the one." The whole thing gave her a puffed-up feeling. "Turns out I was right. She hadn't a clue about the will's stipulation requiring Andre to get married in order to inherit. You should've seen her face. It was amazing, even a little amusing..." Her declaration trailed off into a chuckle.

"Upset, was she?" He grinned. "Do you think she'll leave him?"

"I think she's preparing to leave as we speak, if she hasn't left already."

"What do you think his chances are that she'll accept a payoff to stay?"

"Zero." Cecily shook her head. "That girl's in love. And when you're in love, nobody likes to be used-especially when it comes to money."

Connie refilled their glasses. The siblings raised their drinks and toasted. Their jovial laughter filled the room. Finally, Lady Luck had smiled upon them.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

TASHA WAITED IN THE LITTLE-USED PARLOR in the west wing of the third floor. Andre had some explaining to do, and once he got started, she didn't want them disturbed. She skipped the drink she wanted to settle her nerves. Instead, she poured herself a glass of chilled water and moved to the window.

A variety of flowers in a bounty of colors lined the paths in the west garden. Tasha was going to miss this place. She'd resigned herself not to fret over it. Instead, she was going to cherish each moment she had left until her time here was up. At least it brought her some peace of mind.

The door opened. Andre came in carrying a binder. "I've been looking everywhere for you." He went to her side and kissed her cheek. She tried not to cringe at his touch. It was just a lie. But Tasha was an actress, and a damned good one.

"I just wanted us to have some privacy." She smiled.

"We're going to have plenty of privacy during the upcoming weeks." He offered her the binder. "Here."

She took it but didn't open it. "What's this?"

"It's a portfolio of the properties we're inheriting."

We're inheriting. That almost made Tasha laugh out loud. Luckily, she managed to contain it by clearing her throat. She didn't want to tip her husband off just yet. She preferred to have the element of surprise when they got down to it, down to the real nitty-gritty of how they're gotten here to this place in time, where she just so happened to be his wife.

She set the glass down on the small table in front of the window, accepted the binder and opened it. In the first leaf was an eleven-by-fourteen picture of a five-story castle of worn yellow stone. Trees, shrubs and flowers complemented a well-manicured lawn. It took her breath away.

She stared at the photograph. "Where is that place?"

"Avignon. It's called Belle Vallee," he said. "It's the home where my mother grew up."

"Wow." Tasha trailed her fingertips over the image. "I'd like to see the house in person." She looked at Andre. The last bit of her thought, before I go, stayed inside her head.

"Of course, you'll see the house. You'll see them all."

"How many properties are there?" The thought crossed her mind that he must have dozens of properties at his disposal, maybe he'd let her live in one.

"Around twelve, if memory serves me."

"All in Avignon?"

"Oh, no." He shook his head. "All over the world."

Are you sure you want to do this? Leaving Andre took guts. But Tasha's pride insisted upon it. She should've known this whole Mrs. de Laurent deal was too good to be true. And boy, was her mother going to be disappointed. Tasha was going to put off telling her as long as she could.

But she couldn't put off the confrontation with Andre any longer. "You'd better sit down." She pointed toward the couch, then moved to it herself. Andre was right behind her. She hesitated, sucking in a breath.

"Tasha..." He reached for her hands. She tensed up. "You're scaring me."

"I have questions for you." She avoided looking at him. One come-hither look from him and she might cave. "How you answer them will figure prominently on the future. And trust me..." Tears swelled around her eyes. "The stakes are huge."

"What is it?" The light in his eyes flickered. "What's happened?"

"Why did you marry me?"

"Because I love you."

She ignored his declaration. "Was it because I was pregnant?"

"What are you implying?" The light in his eyes dimmed.

"I'm just trying to figure out why you asked me to marry you last September, as opposed to six months before that? You'd told me then that you loved me."

The failing light in his eyes died out. He glanced away, looking wholly embarrassed. "You know, don't you." It was more of a statement than a question.

"What exactly do you think I know?" She wanted to hear him say it, admit it. Explain to her how he could marry her for money's sake and not tell her about it.

"I can explain," he said in a pleading tone.

"And I can't wait to hear it." Her voice had grown so tense that it cracked. She moved to the end of the couch, away from Andre.

"I don't know why my mother's uncle-a man I can never recall meeting-decided to place everything on my shoulders." Andre shook his head and then settled his gaze on her. "One hundred million dollars to be split equally between my brother and my sister, was dependent upon me getting my inheritance."

"I'm well aware of that part of it." Tasha could tell that the burden had weighed heavily on Andre's shoulders for nearly a year now, but Andre wasn't getting off that easily. This wasn't about his responsibility to Julian and Lecie, it was about his inability to trust Tasha. "When you came to America last year, was it your plan all along to use me without telling me?"

"No, of course not."

"Then what changed your mind?"

Andre shook his head and dropped his head into his hands. Tasha didn't like seeing him anguish this way, but she couldn't worry about that now. Besides, he'd brought this on himself.

Still, she couldn't help wanting to aid him in finding the words. "What were your intentions when your plane landed in LA?" she asked. "You must have had something in mind."

He looked up at her. "I did." He nodded. "I had every intention of telling you everything. You were...you are the person I trust most, and I couldn't imagine marrying anyone else. I was planning to ask you to help me. I knew I'd be asking a lot, so I was planning to compensate you."

"Compensate me?" The distaste of those two words shuddered through her.

"I was going to give you one hundred million dollars to be my wife for one year." His tone had gone weak. "With money to fund the project and Draco Studios at your disposal, you'd finally get that big break. And I'd honor my obligation to my brother and sister."

"Not to mention gaining billions yourself."

Andre lowered his eyes and looked away, unable to meet her gaze now.

On the verge of feeling sorry for Andre, Tasha jumpstarted the conversation again. "Okay, so you're at my door, ready to knock, rehearsing the speech you've prepared...I open the door and it all flies out the window. Why?"

"Two little words." Andre smiled sadly, but still didn't look at her. Tasha waited for them. "I found a pregnancy test in your bathroom."

The cloud that had blown over Andre made its way to Tasha. Her heart ached for the baby they'd lost. She tried to dispel the sorrow. She had to focus on the here-and-now and the future. "I still don't get how you went from asking me to help you to using me to help yourself." Her words were cold and had a bite to them that chilled even Tasha.

"I was never fully confident that you'd go along with my original plan to begin with. Let's face it, asking a girl you love to marry you for one year is rather audacious." A muscle quivered at his jaw. "I knew the odds weren't in my favor when I devised the plan." He shrugged. "But I had to give it a try. If I had to marry someone, you were my first choice."

Tasha had to work to block out the charm Andre was showering over her. She was a fool for that man, but her feelings were beside the point. "Okay, so you found out I was pregnant and that changed everything." She gave him the hardest stare she could manage. "Why?"

"Well, like I said...I already had the fear that you'd say no to my offer." He looked at her with pleading eyes. "I couldn't bear the thought of leaving you alone with a child to take care of. My child." Andre sucked in a breath, and maybe a little courage. "That's the moment I knew I wanted to marry you, for real. That I'd never want to marry anyone else. And most of all, I wanted you to be the mother of my children." Andre looked down at his hands and latched his fingers together. When he looked back at Tasha his eyes had moistened. "I acted hastily and foolishly and I'm sorry. I just didn't want to risk losing you and our baby."

Tasha loved Andre, but up until that day when he'd suggested they get married, she'd thought that was an unattainable goal. She'd never figured herself for rich people material. And it'd taken a will with strict guidelines for inheriting and a baby to convince Andre of it. Tasha wished she knew what the right thing was, if she really belonged in Andre's world or if she was just kidding herself. One thing she was sure of, Andre had hurt her. Badly. She knew he was sorry, and one day she hoped she could forgive him. Sadly, that day, she feared, was far, far away.

Regret swelled inside Tasha's chest and crowded her lungs, making it hard to breathe. She sucked in several breaths, trying to compensate. Tears misted her eyes.

How could she deprive one child of something she hadn't dared take from another?

Tasha began to hyperventilate. How could Andre have done this to her? She leapt to her feet and ran from the room.

Tasha scolded herself for running out on Andre in the middle of his explanation, but she just couldn't help herself.

Sitting on the bench in the hidden grove in the garden, she stared at the memorial stone Andre had erected for their sweet little Angel.

Tasha swiped at the trail of tears dripping from her eyes. "Sweetie, I promise you..." She leaned in and touched the face of the stone. "We'll never forget you. Not me. Not daddy." She caressed her stomach. "And not your little baby brother or sister." Tasha gazed around the hidden alcove and sucked in a deep breath in hopes of choking back the urge to cry uncontrollably. "I feel like you're here, tied to this stone. I'm just sorry that I can't take you with me."

The sound of his throat clearing behind Tasha startled her. Even so, she didn't have to look to know it was Andre.

"I wanted to give you some time by yourself." He moved around in front of her and stood beside the stone, hands in pockets, gazing down at her. "I hope the time was adequate, and I didn't come in search of you too soon."

"I do understand why you did what you did." She avoided looking at him. "And someday I hope to be able to forgive you."

"But you don't see that happening anytime soon." His voice cracked with regret.

Finally, she looked at him. "No. Sadly, I don't."

"So where do we go from here?" He sat down on the bench, leaving some space between them, trying not to crowd her. "Are you leaving?"

"Do I have a reason not to?" She blinked, but it didn't help clear the teary haze.

"Yes, you do."

"You need two more months." The bite was back in her tone. "How could I forget."

"I'm not talking about the money." His voice was fragile and shaking.

"Well, you should be," she said matter-of-factly. "Because it's what's between us."

"So that's it then...you're going to leave." His tone sounded final. "I guess I'll let Julian and Lecie know..." He stood, his head hanging down and stepped back. "I don't suppose you'll let me help you?"

"Not so fast." She patted the empty spot on the bench he'd just vacated. "As uncertain as I am about you and me, the one thing I won't abide by is letting a woman like Cecily Mason claim a fortune that my child should rightfully inherit one day." Tasha looked up and stared deep into Andre's eyes. "I'm pregnant."

He was on the bench with his arms around her before she had time to even blink. But when she didn't reciprocate the embrace, he backed off. "Whether you believe it or not," he said. "I'm very happy about that."

"We will divorce. Eventually. Just not now."

"Are you sure?" he asked. "Tasha, I love you. You love me." His tone was apologetic. "Why are we doing this?"

"Because I can't get past it. I want to forgive you. I do." Her voice broke miserably. "I want to be able to feel in my heart that you didn't marry me for the money. But it's there. It's a wedge between us, and I don't know how to dislodge it."

"How do you wish to proceed?" he asked somberly.

Tasha was glad he wasn't pushing her. She didn't think she could take that right now. "Well, for starters..." she said, "we are going to carry on as if nothing has happened. We're not going to tell anyone about the baby."

"We can't hide that forever."

"No, but we will hide it for now." She cut her eyes toward him. "I want this part in writing. Upon our one-year anniversary, I want the money you were originally going to offer me for helping you. I also want to know that this baby-" She patted her stomach. "-no matter whether it's a boy or a girl, will always be your lawful heir, no matter how many other children you might have in the future. I want this child to be your heir apparent."

"I want to be part of your life, Tasha. I want to be part of our child's life."

"That's why I've decided I'll stay in France. These next couple of months will give me time to find a suitable house."

"Belle Vallee!" He perked up. "The house in Avignon. I saw the way your eyes lit when you looked at the pictures. You can have it. It's yours."

Tasha couldn't take the house, but she did want her child to have it. And she loved the idea of the baby growing up where Andre's mother had. "I will agree to raise the baby there." She nodded. "Naturally, you are welcome there anytime. I want you in the baby's life as much as possible."

"I still want you to run the company with me."

"I can't do that." She pressed her lips together tightly and shook her head. When she was ready to speak again, she sucked in a breath before saying, "We need to find a way to co-parent for our baby's sake, but we also need to get on with our lives."

"I don't accept that," he said surely. "I'll never love anyone but you. I know I have my work cut out for me, but I'll find a way to make you believe in me again."

Andre seemed so convinced of his promise that he almost had Tasha believing it. "One thing's for sure..." She tried to smile. "I refuse to let Cecily Mason come between Juliana and our baby's birthrights."

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

ANDRE HEADED INTO THE HOUSE, elated that Tasha was pregnant again. It had been hard for him to contain his joy, but she was hurting and he was the one who'd caused the pain. And sooner or later, he'd find a way to make it up to her. He'd find a way to get her to come back.

He had to have the documents she'd ask for drawn up as soon as possible. It was the only way to ensure that she wasn't going to walk out. Not now, and if he had anything to say about it, not ever.

As luck would have it, he ran into Claudette. "Andre," she said. "I thought you and Tasha were leaving?"

Andre led Claudette to the small library a few doors away, guided her inside and closed the door. "I'm glad I found you and not Papa." He raked his hand over his hair.

Claudette's eyes darted back and forth. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing that can't be fixed. But I need your help."

"Anything," Claudette said. "Just tell me what's wrong and how I can help."

"Well, to make a long story short...Tasha found out."

"How?"

"Cecily Mason." Andre rubbed the back of his neck. "She also happens to be Cecily Garceau. If I forfeit the inheritance, she and her brother will have legal claim to it."

"Oh, just let me get my hands on her!" Claudette drew her hands into closed fists and shook them.

"I fired her, you know," Andre said without remorse. "She tried to blackmail me. I thought I could get Tasha out of town before Cecily managed to get to her and tell her. I was wrong."

"Okay..." Claudette said. "What can I do to help?"

"Luckily, Tasha has agreed not to divorce me before the one-year mark." Andre released his relief in a sigh. "She has a couple of stipulations though. I need to have legal documents drawn up at once."

"You need my help with that?" Claudette asked, wrinkling her brow.

"No." Andre let out a chuckle and shook his head. "I just need you to keep Papa away from Tasha. Make sure he leaves her alone." He cleared his throat. "There's a small chance that I might find a way to convince her of my sincerity over the next couple of months, but that'll never happen with Papa's meddling."

"Leave your father to me." She gave Andre an easy nod. "You just concentrate on winning Tasha back."

"If you have any ideas on that score..." He snorted an ironic laugh.

"You'll have to find a way to convince her that you didn't actually marry her for the money." She sucked in a deep breath and pursed her lips. "How you'll go about that is something you will have to figure out."

"Tell me about it." Andre chuckled and they both moved down the hallway.

"Well..." She patted Andre's arm. "You're a smart guy. You'll figure something out."

"If only my mother's uncle hadn't made Julian and Lecie's inheritances dependent upon my actions." He shook his head. "I still wonder why he did that."

"I still wonder why Lecie was included at all."

Claudette and Andre parted ways when he headed upstairs to the third floor. She, however, went to find her husband, reckoning that he was in his study. If she found him in there drinking, her wrath wouldn't be pretty.

She knocked on the door and opened it without waiting for an invitation. Inside, she smelled the sweet scent of his imported cigars. The behavior angered her, but she ignored it. She'd chastise her husband for his bad habits tomorrow. Today she was on a fishing expedition.

"Hello, darling." Maurice propped his hands on the arms of his chair, preparing to stand.

"Don't get up." She waved him off, moved behind the desk and leaned against the edge. "I just wanted to give you a heads-up." Claudette knew full well how to fish information out of her husband. "We've hit a huge stumbling block with Andre and Tasha."

"Oh...?"

"Yes. It seems that Tasha has found out about the Renault will's stipulations."

"How did she react?"

"Not well." Claudette shrugged. "She's lost her faith and trust in Andre."

Maurice's face went red. "How did this happen?" he huffed.

"Cecily Garceau Mason." Claudette shook her head. "And don't even think about retaliating. You'll never be able to do anything worse than what Tasha has planned for her."

"What do you mean?"

"Much to Cecily's chagrin, she'll be disappointed to learn that Tasha has no plans to leave Andre," Claudette said. "At least, not before their first anniversary."

Maurice blew out a sigh. "Good. Good. Then we don't have to worry about the inheritances."

"No, we don't." Disappointment washed over Claudette. She'd so hoped that her husband would be more worried about Andre's heart than his wallet. "We just have to worry about Andre losing the only woman he'll ever love."

"She'll change her mind."

"I'm not so sure," Claudette said. "Tasha trusted Andre. She had no idea that there was an ulterior motive to his marrying her. It's a fine line."

"But she loves him. She'll forgive him eventually."

"I hope you're right." Claudette pushed herself away from the desk and moved toward the window behind Maurice. "You know what I don't quite understand?"

He waited a beat before responding. "What's that?"

"I don't understand what Edouard Renault was hoping to accomplish by putting such a stipulation in his will to begin with. Why tie Julian and Lecie's inheritances to Andre's? Like they have any control over Andre's actions."

"I supposed he was one of those old-world sophisticates who believe a man should be settled. Married." Maurice offered an explanation.

The whole thing sounded like something Maurice would do.

Damn! Why hadn't she seen it before? She glared at her husband through squinted eyes. "As I recall, you spent your share of time in Avignon during the months prior to Edouard's death."

"Yes, I did," he said with a bit of caution.

She slapped Maurice's arm. "How could you?" she screamed. "How could you meddle with Andre's life like that? Didn't you learn your lesson with Julian?"

"The boy needed a push. I gave him one."

"Andre hasn't been a boy in a very long time, Maurice." She scolded him. "You coerced Edouard into that ridiculous notion?"

"It was a mutual endeavor." Maurice defended his actions.

"Well, your mutual endeavor may well have ruined Andre's life. Tell me again how that was for his own good."

"He needed a reason to marry Tasha. A girl like her would get snatched up quickly. He needed an incentive. I provided it."

"How on Earth did you talk Edouard into leaving his entire fortune to our children?"

"Well, he was already determined to leave it to the boys, mostly Andre because he knew Julian was set to inherit the bulk of the de Laurent fortune. It wasn't hard to talk him into providing Andre with a little guidance. I told him if he included Lecie, Andre would feel more beholden to follow through. That it was possible he might dismiss Julian's inheritance, saying his brother had plenty already. But Andre would never rob his sister of such an inheritance."

Claudette threw her hands in the air. Her frustration poured out in a shrilling cry. "When will you learn your lesson?" She glared at him. "Or are you hell-bent on giving it one more try with Lecie first?"

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

ANDRE AND TASHA DE LAURENT'S one-year anniversary was fast approaching, with less than a week to go. Cecily had been waiting by the phone for Harvey Martel's call ever since she and Daniel had moved to Monteux, a little town just north of Avignon, last month. Surely the attorneys had learned by now that Andre de Laurent was separated, and on the verge of being divorced from his wife.

Unable to stand it any longer, she took the initiative and called Harvey Martel, Edouard Renault's attorney. As she waited for him to get on the line, she tapped her manicured fingernails on the table.

Finally, she heard his voice, "Martel."

"Mr. Martel. It's Cecily Mason." She waited, but he didn't say anything, so she continued, "I'm calling about the Edouard Renault will."

"Hello, Ms. Mason. I appreciate your calling, however, I'm afraid I can't discuss the particulars with you at this stage."

"Why not?" she asked. "Am I not named in that will?"

"Yes, yes you are. But only as an alternate heir. So unless the principal heirs forgo their claims, I'm afraid there's not much I can share with you."

"The principal heirs...?" This made no sense to Cecily. "But Andre de Laurent has not met with the will's stipulations."

"On the contrary."

"That's not true. His wife left him two months ago."

"I don't know where you got your information, but you've been grossly misled."

"I don't think so. I know for a fact that she left him back in the summer." Heat flushed through Cecily's body.

"Again, madam, I'm afraid you've been misinformed. Not that I owe you explanations, but Mr. de Laurent, his wife, and his siblings were in my office yesterday, at which point final documents were signed and the de Laurents have officially inherited Edouard Renault's fortune."

And then Harvey Martel had the nerve to hang up on her.

Cecily let out a shrilling scream and ran stomping from the room.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

TASHA HAD TWO SUITCASES LINED up side-by-side on the bed. She was filling them with her favorite garments. The luggage would accompany her to Belle Vallee in Avignon. The staff at Pacifique de Lumiere would pack up the rest of her things, and they'd be brought to Belle Vallee in a day or two. Tasha had given in that much with Andre, who hadn't wanted her to lift a finger throughout the whole process of moving to the house in Avignon. "There is the baby to consider, after all," he'd said. To which she'd responded that she was pregnant, not terminally ill.

Considering that Andre was about to become her ex-husband, he and Tasha had a remarkably cordial relationship. Of course, they still loved each other. Neither of them were denying that. And Tasha hoped that one day she'd find a way to get past the trust issue, but so far that hadn't happened.

She pulled a nightgown out of the dresser drawer. It was one of Andre's favorites. He'd always said she looked divine in the peacock-green satin and lace garment. Tasha clutched the garment to her chest for a moment before stepping toward the bed and tossing it into the suitcase.

For as much as she knew she had to, leaving Andre was hard. She still loved him. She would always love him. But until she could whole-heartedly believe that he loved her more than he wanted the Renault money, it was a hopeless case.

Tasha blew out a sigh, propped her hands on her hips and glanced around the room. She'd made a lot of memories with Andre in this room. She hated that the last ones were without him.

"Thinking about leaving here is always easier than actually doing it." Claudette was standing in the doorway. How long she'd been there, Tasha hadn't a clue.

"Yeah." Tasha nodded.

"We wish you'd stay," Claudette said.

"I'll be in Avignon." Tasha tried to smile. "It's not that far. And you know you're welcome to see the baby anytime you want."

"But we want to see you too, Tasha." Claudette moved toward her and reached for her hand. "You're a member of this family."

"Very soon I'll be an ex-member of this family."

"There isn't a document in the world that will ever make you an ex around here." Claudette pushed a suitcase aside and sat down on the edge of the bed. "Andre loves you. We all love you."

"And I love all you guys, too," Tasha said in an almost pleading tone.

"Is there no hope for you and Andre?" Claudette asked. "There is the baby to think about. No one should grow up without a father."

"My baby has a father." Tasha voice turned stern.

"I meant no offense." Claudette cleared her throat. "I just want you to find a way to bridge this gap between you and Andre."

"So do I." Tasha nodded and shrugged.

"I know you feel betrayed. But quite frankly, your marriage is far stronger than mine was in the beginning." Claudette's declaration drew a measure of curiosity from Tasha. "Maurice was shopping for a wife. Oh, I know he loves me...now. But in the beginning he was looking for a mother for his boys." Claudette looked off in an unfocused gaze. But soon, a smile tipped the corners of her mouth and she looked at Tasha. "I love that job, you know." Her eyes teared up.

"Of course, you do." Tasha sat down beside Claudette and wrapped her arms around her. "You've been a wonderful mother to both Julian and Andre. They're very lucky."

"So you'll understand why I'm trying to keep you from breaking my son's heart?"

Tasha plucked a Kleenex from the box on the nightstand and offered it to Claudette. She took it and dabbed her tears.

"Believe me," Tasha said. "I don't want to hurt Andre. I just wish I could get to that place where I believe he loves me as much as he wanted that money."

Claudette let out a long, lonely sigh. "Well, you just leave it to Andre. He's a resourceful man." She got up and went to the door, turned and looked over her shoulder. "I'm sure he'll find a way."

"I hope so," Tasha said as Claudette moved out into the hallway.

Tasha swiped at the tears and went back to packing. She knew the de Laurents meant well, but she wasn't sure any of them-including Camille-understood that resolving this mess with Andre was going to take time. Realistically it might never happen. Either way, she had no control over what or how she felt.

A quiet rap on the door brought Tasha out of her personal reflections. Looking over her shoulder, she saw Camille standing in the doorway.

"You've been crying." Camille entered the room and went straight to her side. "Is everything okay?"

"Well, I guess that's a matter of opinion." Tasha tried to laugh. Sucking in a breath did little to tamp down the overwrought feeling overwhelming her. She slumped down onto the clear spot on the bed where Claudette had recently vacated. "I just feel like everybody's trying to push me into doing something my heart's not ready to do."

Camille sat down with her. "Tash, I'm sorry if I've made you feel that way." She fingered Tasha's blonde tresses out of her face. "I never meant to." Camille shook her head. "I guess my motives were a bit selfish. I wanted you here so I didn't feel so alone."

"Alone? You?" Tasha blurted out. "With a man like Julian at your side?"

"You have a man like Andre at your side," Camille reminded her. "It's not stopping you." Camille, Tasha was sure, hadn't meant that to bite as much as it did.

"It's different with me and Andre than it was for you and Julian."

"Not really." Camille wrinkled her nose and shrugged. "None of the de Laurent men have entered into marriage in the traditional way. Every one of them had to have a logical reason. Maurice, when he married Julian and Andre's mother...he did that because he needed her money. And again when he married Claudette...he needed a mother for his children." Her face held a solemn expression. "And Julian, well, you know his story. My point is that whatever induced the de Laurent men to marry, it doesn't mean they love us any less."

"Camille, I pray every day that I can get over it. Maybe someday I will." She lowered her head.

"But right now you just need a little time to heal." Camille patted Tasha's hand.

"Avignon isn't that far away." Tasha looked up, seeing Camille's smile. She needed her friend in her life. "You'll come see me, won't you?"

"I'm going to come see you so often that you're going to get tired of me."

"I doubt that." Tasha laughed and then Camille laughed, too.

Laughing felt good. Tasha hadn't done much of that lately. Maybe one day she'd feel the urge naturally, and not have to have it coaxed out of her. Until that day she was going to need the support of her best friend-who was also Andre's family.

Claudette was on a mission, she was going to find Andre. Finally, an idea had come to her. One she thought just might work. As far as she could see, there was only one way to convince Tasha that Andre loved her more than he wanted the Renault fortune.

She caught up with him in the hidden alcove in the east garden. He was sitting with his arms stretched out along the back of the bench in front of his unborn child's memorial statue.

Quietly, Claudette claimed the empty spot on the bench beside him. "Tough times. How are you holding up?"

Andre hesitated a moment and then turned to Claudette. "My misery is of my own making." He looked at her for a brief time and then guided his attention back to the memorial stone.

"We'll that's not entirely true." As soon as she said it, she regretted it. The family was in enough turmoil without adding a fight between Andre and Maurice into the mix. "It's nobody's fault, really. You had a lot of responsibilities piled on you when faced with your grand uncle's will. It would've been hard to please everyone."

"Yes-" He looked at Claudette again. "But the one person I should've been concerned with pleasing, I didn't."

"That's hardly fair, Andre," she said in an unwavering voice, then waited a bit before adding in a more casual tone, "You know what I think?"

He chuckled. "What's that?"

"I think you need to forget about what you should've done, and concentrate on what you should be doing now."

"There aren't many options...that I can find, anyway."

"Oh, sure there is. You just need to put your mind to it."

"Any suggestions?"

"Well, for starters you need to take this memorial..." She pointed to the stone. "And move it into the gardens at Belle Vallee. It needs to be close to Tasha so she'll have somewhere to talk to her one child who'll never be born."

Andre's face brightened. "That's a great idea." After a moment, his smile quickly faded. "I don't think it's going to get me far with Tasha, though. I'll do it. But I think I need something more drastic than that to prove myself to her."

"What exactly do you need to prove to her?" Claudette posed the leading question. This was a decision Andre would have to conclude all on his own-or at least he needed to think it was all his idea.

"That I love her more than I care about that money," he said in a lackluster voice.

"And how are you going to make her see that?" Claudette looked at Andre. His eyes were vacant. He'd need a bigger push than she'd given Julian when he was about to lose Camille. "Put your mind to it, Andre. How will you convince her that you love her more than the money?" She paused to let the idea take root in his mind. "There is a way. Think about it."

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

TASHA WAS AMAZED AT HOW QUICKLY the two weeks had flown by since she'd moved into Belle Vallee. In that brief time, she'd completely settled in and couldn't imagine herself ever having lived anywhere else.

Andre had moved the memorial stone for the baby they would never have to the south garden just off the back of the house. She appreciated that. It made it easy for her to feel like she was spending time with her unborn baby's spirit. It calmed her.

Andre was now the head of a multi-billion-dollar conglomerate, and moving to Avignon-the locale of Mont Claire's headquarters-made sense, plus it'd allow him to be close to the new baby once it came.

They were both in agreement that he move his things into the east wing at Belle Vallee. The house was big enough that they wouldn't have to run into each other unless they wanted to. Yet, they were both under the same roof and once the baby came, it'd be easy for him to see the child whenever he wanted.

This was a fine arrangement, at least until Andre moved on and then, sooner or later, fell in love with someone else. Tasha would never move on. She'd already loved with her whole heart. No one would ever be able to block out the shadow of Andre de Laurent. And she had no idea if Andre would ever be able to block out the shadow of the way he'd come to inherit Mont Claire and all his uncle's holdings. She'd resigned herself to devoting her life to raising their child.

Of course, there was always the stigma of the first miscarriage looming over her. Losing this baby was Tasha's greatest fear. To help, Andre had a doctor come around once a week to check the baby's heartbeat.

Dr. Chapel had been around yesterday. Tasha was in her fourth month now, and the doctor had assured her the baby was doing fine. The sound of the baby's heartbeat-loud and strong-confirmed it.

Today, Harvey Martel was scheduled to drop by with the divorce papers. All Tasha had to do was sign them.

The chime of an old-world doorbell brought Tasha back to reality. Jordan, Belle Vallee's butler would answer it, and announce her guest in the main library off the entrance.

The staff was something she'd have to get used to. It wasn't a totally foreign concept, she'd spent a year at Pacifique de Lumiere, but having them at her disposal was, well, weird. Although she couldn't imagine trying to clean this five-story castle by herself. She was a bit relieved when Andre explained that it was his responsibility to provide employment for all these people, so they could support themselves. After that, she got that it was also her duty to employ a personal maid. But Tasha had gotten so used to Rose at Pacifique de Lumiere that she'd decided to bring her along as her personal maid.

The double doors to the library opened. Jordon entered with Harvey following close behind. "Madam..." Jordan addressed Tasha. "Mr. Martel."

"Jordan..." She sucked in a deep breath, hoping to hide her exasperation of this so-called compromise. She was more than willing to let these people keep their jobs, but they had to stop being so formal. It was hard to relax with all this formal etiquette that kept happening around her. "Seriously. You don't need to keep announcing people that I'm expecting. Just tell them to come on in."

"Very well, madam." Jordan bowed and backed out of the room.

"Might as well go with it." Harvey shrugged and closed the door. "It's what he's used to."

"Yes, and it's the very opposite of what I'm used to." She looked at the manila envelope in his hand. "Is that them?"

"The papers..." Harvey nodded.

Tasha sucked in a breath and caressed her tummy. She'd known it was coming, but that didn't stop her heart from pounding its disapproval. Just breathe. She looked at Harvey and forced a smile. "Has Andre signed?"

"Not yet."

"So I'm first." She pulled in a breath, then slowly released it.

"If you'd like. Or you can wait for Andre." He laid the packet on the coffee table. "I'll leave them here. You both can go over them. Once they're signed, have Andre courier them over to me." Harvey stood. "It'll all be legal."

Just like that? Tasha was beginning to feel like she was attending a reading of a will. That's what it felt like. Someone had died. Something had died. Her marriage. She just hadn't got that until this moment. Up until now, it'd been hard to consider the death of her marriage when she was carrying Andre's child. "Okay..." Tasha scraped her hand through her hair. "I appreciate that you delivered the documents in person."

Harvey headed to the door and opened it. He paused long enough to say, "Well, that's what Andre pays me for." He chuckled and disappeared into the entryway.

Tasha looked at the manila envelope lying on the table. Having the papers practically staring her in the face filled her with dread. She'd known it was coming, but now that that day had arrived she wondered if she was doing the right thing. Was she truly ready to make a legal break from Andre?

She reached for the envelope, but yanked her hand back before she actually touched it. If she opened the envelope then she'd be faced with the task of signing the papers, effectively ending her marriage.

She let out a sigh, pumped her fist and reached for the envelope once more. Picking it up by the slightest tip of one corner, she slid it off the table toward her. Holding it up in the air, she inspected the exterior. There was nothing on the outside except Andre's handwritten name.

Tasha sucked in a breath and for the first time seriously considered opening it. Well, you did ask for this, she reminded herself. "Since when have I ever gotten anything I've asked for?" she muttered.

Well, it's now or never. From somewhere deep inside, Tasha found the courage, or maybe it was stupidity, to open the envelope. She ripped the top off and peered inside. Nothing but papers. Gently, she pulled the document out and started reading.

It was mostly mumbo-jumbo about the party of the first part and the party of the second part and other nonsense like that. It wasn't until she'd perused through about half of the document that the clouds began to clear. She wanted to read it carefully to make sure the agreement she and Andre had come to hadn't been changed. She doubted Andre would change it, but she wouldn't put it past Maurice. He wasn't exactly happy that Tasha wanted to divorce his son.

There was no decree of divorce, no bequeathment of one hundred million dollars to Tasha. There was no declaration that their unborn child would be Andre's heir apparent to Mont Claire Enterprises. But...if Tasha was reading this thing right, Andre had given up any claim to Mont Claire Enterprises. Instead of divorce papers, this looked like a document to relinquish the company and all its holdings to Tasha.

That couldn't be right. Tasha tossed the papers onto the coffee table and grabbed her cell phone. Now she regretted not opening the envelope while Harvey was still at the house. She punched his number into the phone and waited.

"Martel," he answered.

"Harvey, it's Tasha de Laurent."

"Tasha...what can I do for you?"

"I was just reading over the papers and I must be reading it wrong." She stopped and took a deep breath. Was she nuts? She exhaled and added, "I thought these were divorce papers, but it seems to be some kind of transfer of property?"

"No. Those aren't divorce documents. They're simply a transfer of ownership," he said. "As soon as you sign, Mont Claire, the houses, and the money Andre inherited from Edouard Renault will belong to you."

"Me?"

"You. It's one hundred percent yours."

"Holy shit," she said, disconnecting the call.

Tasha had called Andre, and now she stood at the double French doors looking out over the garden while she waited for him to arrive. She could see her Angel's memorial stone from where she stood. She liked that and was thankful that Andre had been thoughtful enough to move the statue to Avignon.

Looking down at her baby bump, she laid her hand on it and gave a little caress. At four months along, she was starting to feel a sense of confidence in the doctor's prognosis for a healthy pregnancy this time.

The doorbell chimed, but she didn't jump this time. Maybe she was getting used to it. That was good. She'd be here for a long time. This was, after all, going to be her baby's childhood home. Tasha wondered if she'd find it hard to leave this place in twenty years. Maybe. Probably.

The doors to the library opened up. Tasha was expecting to see Jordan, but instead found herself face-to-face with Andre. He stopped just inside the door with one hand behind his back. He stood there looking at her with those eyes and that smile. Both turned her inside out.

"You ring the doorbell now?" She ramped her voice up a notch on the stern meter, hoping to quell the desire overcoming her.

He chuckled and shook his head. "No, that wasn't me. It was the florist." He waved a bouquet of white roses at Tasha. "These are for you."

They were beautiful, not to mention her favorite. "Thank you." She took the flowers and glanced away, feeling the heat from blushing warming her cheeks. Lord, she was a fool for that man.

"You're welcome." He looked at the envelope in her hand. "Is that the papers?"

That brought her back to reality. She poked the envelope at his chest. "What is this?"

"It's my declaration."

"Declaration...?" She felt her brow wrinkle. "For what?"

Andre moved toward her and took the envelope from her, then dropped it onto the table. He slipped his hands around hers, saying, "I'm trying to prove myself to you."

"By turning Mont Claire over to me?" she asked. He nodded. "But Andre...."

"Look..." Andre released her hand and sat down on the couch. He grabbed the envelope and pulled out the papers. "I'm prepared to do whatever it takes," he said, looking around for a pen. After locating one in the coffee table drawer, he signed the document in all the appointed places and handed it to her with a smile. "Now, all you have to do is sign it and it'll all be settled." He must have seen that she was about to object, and butted in, "If you still want a divorce, the papers will be delivered tomorrow. But at least I'll know that I've done everything I possibly can to prove to you that I want you more than I want Renault's fortune."

Tasha shook her head. "There has to be a better solution than this," she said in a quaking voice. "It's not fair for me to take everything from you just to make myself feel secure." Tasha dropped down onto the couch and buried her face in her hands. Taking Andre's inheritance from him was not what she'd wanted at all.

"If that's what it takes." He sat down beside her and graced her arm with a gentle touch. "Honestly, Tasha...without you the money means nothing."

"Well, I like insecurity a lot better than guilt." She gave Andre a determined look. "I don't want either of us feeling like we're playing second fiddle to a bunch of money."

"You want to give it away?"

She stared at him, unsure about whether or not he was serious. "No, I don't want to do that either. It'd be careless to throw away our baby's birthright."

A grin touched the corners of his mouth. "That is sound thinking." He tilted his head to one side. "So what do we do...aside from divorcing?" Andre shook his head. "I really don't want to divorce."

"Neither do I." Tasha lowered her eyes and stared at the document on the table. Giving her the whole of Mont Claire had been a grand gesture, but it wouldn't fix things. It would only turn the tables.

If only he'd given her half.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

WHEN TASHA WAS SIX MONTHS ALONG, Claudette and Camille threw her a baby shower at Belle Vallee. Family friends came from all over France and Europe, and Tasha's parents came from the U.S. Of course, Jim Gordon hung out with the men at Pacifique de Lumiere, while the women played their party games and stuffed themselves with cake in Avignon.

Tasha had quickly tired from all the reverie, and had claimed a comfortable chair in the west salon, where the shower had taken place, vowing not to get up again. She gazed at the table stacked with gifts still in their wrappers, all very fine things, she was sure. But right now all she wanted to do was take a nap. She rubbed her bulging belly with her left hand. Andre's rings glittered on her ring finger.

Claudette slipped gracefully into the chair at Tasha's side. "You look like you have the weight of the world on your shoulders. What's on your mind?"

"I'm just thinking about how close we came to losing this house, not to mention Mont Claire." Tasha sighed heavily.

"Cecily Garceau was a determined woman." Claudette glanced around. "I suppose all this can induce people with very few scruples to do all sorts of things."

Tasha nodded and then shrugged. "She seemed so adamant that her great grandmother had been wronged."

"I've done a little research on that score." Claudette patted Tasha's arm. "Jacques and Claire Renault were Andre and Julian's great-great grandparents. Jacques' sister Emilie was Cecily's great grandmother. Jacques' fortune was founded on diamonds in South Africa, then he moved into real estate among other things. His sister married a man who was, by all accounts, thought of as a scoundrel. He was an Englishman, Marvin Bishop. Anyway, Jacques gave Marvin one million dollars right after he married Emilie. Marvin blew the entire dowry within two years and then came back for more. Jacques Renault was not a man to throw money away, but he had his sister to think about, so he offered Marvin a job. Marvin declined, and in fact was very angry that Jacques would not just give him more money. He forbade Emilie to ever see her family again. The poor girl was in love." Claudette shrugged. "And the rest is history." Claudette shook her head. "So you see, Jacques Renault did everything he could, short of becoming Marvin Bishop's personal bank account, to take care of his sister. She could've left Marvin. Jacques would've taken care of her, but she chose not to. I can understand though, how her descendants would have grown up hearing a distorted version of the truth. They say Marvin carried a great chip on his shoulder for the rest of his life...and it was a very long life. He lived well into his nineties."

"I feel better knowing Cecily's claims are unfounded," Tasha said as her entire body relaxed. She'd hate to think Andre's ancestor had thrown his sister to the wolves.

"Hey, listen..." Claudette tapped Tasha's arm. "I'm going to see if I can direct some of these people into the idea that the party's over." She moved to the edge of her chair, looked at Tasha, and said, "You look a little tired." She didn't wait for Tasha to say anything, she just got up and moved to the nearest group of guests.

In a way, Tasha felt sorry for Cecily. It must be a terrible feeling to think you'd somehow been robbed of something. She was determined that would not be a legacy she and Andre left their descendants.

Tasha sat there for at least fifteen minutes thinking about Emilie's plight. It's too bad the girl had been so blinded by love. Tasha hoped she and Camille could teach their daughters-if Tasha ever had a daughter-to be more selective in their choices of men.

Camille came to her side and sat down in the empty chair next to Tasha. "I do believe the crowd is beginning to thin out."

"I hope so." Tasha had no doubt that Claudette was responsible. Her mother-in-law knew how to get things done.

"You feeling okay?" Camille asked.

"I'm fine. Just a little tired."

Camille nodded. "I remember feeling tired, especially during the last months."

"I've resigned myself not to complain, though." Tasha used to worry about losing the baby, but these days she was getting better about being optimistic. "Not even about Andre."

"If Andre is anything like Julian, then you deserve a medal for not complaining about his hovering and overprotective ways." Camille laughed, and Tasha joined in.

Neither Tasha nor Andre had signed the divorce papers. They were once again living as man and wife. He'd put up a fight at first when she'd suggested a solution to their problem, but he'd relented when he realized that it was the only way for them to carry on. Tasha and Andre became equal partners in Mont Claire Enterprises.

Andre poured two more scotches and headed toward his father-in-law, who was standing by the window overlooking the east gardens. "Jim," Andre said, offering one to him.

"Thank you." Jim took it and smiled. Both men sipped their drinks and stood silently for a time. Jim was the first to break the ice. "Andre, I wanted to thank you."

"For...?"

"For taking care of my daughter. For treating her like a princess. For loving her." He saluted and took another drink.

"The pleasure has been all mine." Andre raised his glass. "I promise you, she'll never want for anything."

"What she wants is love. And I don't think anyone could give her more than you." Jim was appreciative and his words and expression showed it. "I think that Nola wants nothing more than to stay in Avignon until Tasha has the baby."

"I'll talk to Tasha about it. I'm sure she'd love to have her mother here these last few weeks."

"Well..." Jim laughed. "You might have to referee once in a while."

"Not sure I'm that brave." Andre chuckled.

"Tasha's grown up a lot in the past year or so." Jim looked away, but Andre could still see the far away sadness crossing his eyes. Andre could imagine he was thinking about when Tasha was a little girl. It made Andre eager for the birth of his own child. Jim looked back at Andre, "I think she'll be able to handle her own now...even against her mother."

Andre swallowed the remaining contents of his glass. "Jim, what do you say we go see what the women are up to?" He laughed and slapped his father-in-law on the back.

"That's a fine idea." Jim nodded.

Claudette and Lecie had seen the party guests out, while Camille ushered Tasha upstairs to take a nap. Forty-five minutes later, Tasha awakened, refreshed.

She got up and went to the window. Her and Andre's bedroom suite wasn't the largest at Belle Vallee, but Tasha had chosen this one because she could look down on the south garden and see her little Angel's memorial stone from the window. Tasha couldn't explain it, but seeing it somehow gave her a sense of peace. She touched her stomach and the baby kicked. Tasha giggled, overcome with joy.

From out of nowhere, arms slipped around Tasha, and she knew in an instant it was Andre. She breathed in a happy sigh and turned to face him.

"I didn't hear you come in," she said, sliding her arms around his neck.

"I gathered that much." He touched her tummy. The baby kicked. Andre pulled her completely into his embrace. "What were you laughing about?"

"I wasn't laughing. I was giggling."

"Ah...my mistake." His lips brushed against hers as he spoke. "What were you giggling about?"

"I'm so happy." Her heart sang with delight.

"Thank you."

"For what?"

"For staying. For forgiving me."

"Thank you for making me want to stay."

Andre sucked in a sigh. "I love you."

"I love you too."

"Ooh...before I forget..." His tone changed, turning serious. "I think your mother wants to stay here until the baby's born."

Tasha felt her face skew involuntarily. "My mother...?" She sucked in a deep sigh. "Ooohhhh..." She groaned.

"Look at it like this..." He mused. "Think what it will do to her to have to stay here day-in and day-out, knowing that you are mistress of this house."

Tasha's frown spread into a smile. "That will drive her nuts." Numerous scenarios of her mother having to relent to her subordination filled Tasha's thoughts. "Yes, we should invite her to stay. And put her in the west wing."

EPILOGUE

STANDING OVER TASHA'S HOSPITAL BED, Andre leaned down and kissed her sweetly. The baby boy in her arms gurgled.

Nola, who was sitting on the other side of the bed, had been quiet up until now. "He's just beautiful, sweetheart." She caressed Tasha's arm.

During the last two months, mother and daughter had developed a newfound respect for each other. Nola had learned to appreciate the woman Tasha had become, and to let go of the idea that Tasha was simply a vessel to feed Nola's ego. And Tasha had finally received the love she'd so craved from her mother.

Andre would like to have taken credit for that, but he knew it was all their doing.

"He's absolutely perfect." Andre straightened up, his eyes still glued to his wife and his baby. "What shall we name him?"

"Yes, yes...what is his name?" Nola asked. "Andre Junior?"

"God forbid..." Andre groaned.

Tasha shook her head. "Andre doesn't want his son to feel like he's forever in his father's shadow."

"Wise..." Nola nodded.

Tasha was silent for a bit, then said, "I know...I have the perfect name." She smiled up at Andre and then let her gaze journey over to meet her mother's questioning face.

"What, pray tell?" her mother beseeched her.

Tasha looked back at Andre. "James Maurice de Laurent."

"It's perfect." Andre touched the baby's face and then looked back at Tasha. "I suppose I should go out and tell his audience that James Maurice has arrived!"

Nola stood up. "No, let me." She looked at Andre, then Tasha. "You three need a few minutes alone together."

Andre looked at Nola. "Thank you. I think that's a fine idea." He gave her a smile and sat down in the chair at his feet.

Nola laid a gentle hand on Tasha's arm. "I'll be right outside."

"Thanks, Mom." Tasha smiled, tears glistening in her eyes. She watched her mother leave, then turned back to Andre. "We have a baby boy!" A cry of happiness broke from her lips.

"And he's perfect." Andre caressed the baby's cheek. Slowly he lifted his gaze to Tasha. "Just like his mother." He gave her a deep, loving kiss.

"Wow..." She gushed. "That's some reward for bearing your child."

"I was just buttering you up."

"Oh...?"

"Do you have any idea how hard it's going to be to pry Papa away from his first grandson?"

Tasha plastered on a stern look that almost hid the smile curving on her lips. "You're really going to have to think up something good to make that up to me."

"Well, James does need a little sister." Andre winked, and pressed his lips to Tasha's once more. She slipped her free arm up to Andre's head and brushed her fingers through his hair as they kissed. The baby stretched and cooed.

Life was never so good for the second-born son of the de Laurent family.

