Chapter One

"You think I'm charming," Jefferson King said with a smug smile. "I can tell."

"Charming, is it?" Maura Donohue straightened up to her full, if less-than-imposing height. "Do you believe I'm so easily swayed by a smooth-talking man?"

"Easily?" Jefferson laughed. "We've known each other for the better part of a week now, Maura, and I can say with certainty there's nothing 'easy' about you."

"Well now," she countered with a smile of her own. "Isn't that a lovely thing to say."

She was pleased. Jefferson read the truth on her features. No other woman he'd ever known would have been complimented by knowing that a man thought her difficult. But then, Maura Donohue was one in a million, wasn't she?

He'd known it the moment he met her.

In Ireland scouting locations for an upcoming movie from King Studios, Jefferson had stumbled across Maura's sheep farm in County Mayo and had realized instantly that it was just what he'd been searching for. Of course, convincing Maura of that fact was something else again.

"You know," he said, leaning one shoulder against the white-washed stone wall of the barn, "most people would be leaping at the chance to make some easy money."

She flipped her long black hair behind her shoulder, narrowed sea-blue eyes on him and countered, "There you are again, using the word 'easy,' when you've already admitted I'm not a woman accustomed to taking the easy way."

He sighed and shook his head. The woman had an answer for everything but damned if she wasn't intriguing enough that he was enjoying himself. As the head of King Studios, Jefferson was more accustomed to people falling all over themselves to accommodate him. When he rolled into a town looking to pay top dollar for the use of a location, those he dealt with were always eager to sign on the dotted line and collect their cash.

Not Maura, though.

For days now, he'd been coming to the Donohue farm to talk to its stubborn owner/operator. He'd plied Maura with compliments, tempted her with promises of mountains of money he knew damn well she could ill afford to turn down and in general had tried to make himself too amiable to resist.

Yet she'd managed.

"You're in my way," she said.

"Sorry." Jefferson stepped aside so she could walk past him carrying a sack of God-knew-what. His every instinct told him to snatch the heavy load out of her arms and carry it for her. But she wouldn't accept or appreciate his offer at help.

She was fiercely independent, with a quick wit, sharp tongue and a body that he'd spent far too much time thinking about. Her thick black hair fell in soft waves to the middle of her back and he itched to gather it up in his hands to feel its sleekness sliding across his skin. She had a stubborn chin that she tended to lift when making a point and a pair of dark blue eyes fringed by long, inky-black lashes.

She was dressed in worn jeans and a heavy Irish knit sweater that covered most of her curves. But winter in Ireland meant damp, cold weather so he could hardly blame her for bundling up. Still, he hoped she invited him into her house for a cup of tea, because then she'd strip that sweater off to reveal a shirt that gave him a much better peek at what she kept hidden.

But for now, he followed her out of the barn into an icy wind that slapped at his face and stung his eyes as if daring him to brave the Irish countryside. His ears were cold and his overcoat wasn't nearly warm enough. He made a mental note to do some shopping in the village. Buy a heavier coat if he could find one and a few of the hand-knit sweaters. Couldn't hurt to endear himself to the local merchants. He'd want everyone in the tiny town of Craic on his side as he tried to sway Maura into renting King Studios the use of her farm.

"Where are we going?" he shouted into the wind and could have sworn he actually saw the wind throw his words back at him.

"We're not going anywhere," she called back over her shoulder. "I'm going to the high pasture to lay out a bit more feed."

"I could help," he said.

She turned and looked him over, her gaze pausing on his well-shined, expensive black shoes. Smirking then, she said, "In those fine shoes? They'll be ruined in a moment, walking through the grass and mud."

"Why not let me worry about my shoes?"

Lifting that stubborn chin of hers, she said, "Spoken like a man who needn't worry about where his next pair of shoes might come from."

"Is it all rich people you don't like," Jefferson asked, an amused smile on his face, "or is it just me?"

She grinned back at him, completely unabashed. "Well now, that's an interesting question, isn't it?"

Jefferson laughed. The women he was used to were more coy. More willing to agree with him no matter what he said. They didn't voice opinions for fear he wouldn't share them. He hadn't enjoyed himself this much in way too long.

And it wasn't just the women, either, he mused. It was everyone he knew back in Hollywood.

Came from not only being a member of a prominent family, but from being the head of a studio where dreams could be made or shattered on the whim of an executive. Too many people were trying too hard to stay on his good side. It was refreshing as hell to find someone who didn't care if he had a good side.

Maura slammed the gate of her small, beat-up lorry, then leaned back against it. Folding her arms over her chest in a classic defensive posture she asked, "Why are you trying so hard, Jefferson King? Is it the challenge of winning me over that's driving you? Are you not used to hearing the word 'no'?"

"I don't hear it often, that's true."

"I imagine you don't. A man like you with his fine shoes and his full wallet. Probably you're welcome wherever you go, aren't you?"

"You have something against a full wallet?"

"Only when it's thrown in my face every few minutes."

"Not thrown," he corrected. "Offered. I'm offering you a small fortune for the lease of your land for a few weeks. How is that an insult?"

Her mouth worked as if she were fighting a smile. "Not an insult, to be sure. But your stubborn determination to win me over is a curiosity."

"As you said, I do love a challenge." Every King did. And Maura Donohue was the most interesting one he'd had in a long time.

"We've that in common, then."

"Shared ground at last. Why not let me ride with you up to the high pasture? You can show me the rest of your farm."

She studied him for a long, quiet moment as the wind buffeted them both. Finally, she asked, "Why do you want to come with me?"

He shrugged. "Honestly, I've nothing better to do right now. Why is it you don't want me along?"

"Because I don't need help," she pointed out.

"You seem pretty sure of yourself," he told her.

"And I am," she assured him.

"Then why should you care if I ride along and help out if I can? Unless you're worried that you're going to be seduced by my lethal charisma."

She laughed. Threw her head back and let loose a loud, delighted roll of laughter that touched something inside him even as it poked at his pride. "Ah, you're an amusing man, Jefferson."

"Wasn't trying to be."

"Which only makes it that much more funny, don't you see?"

Hunching deeper into his overcoat against the cold, Jefferson told himself that she was no doubt trying to reassure herself that he wasn't getting to her. Because he knew he was. She wasn't nearly as distant as she had been the first time he'd driven onto the Donohue farm. That day, he'd been half expecting her to pull out a shotgun and force him off her land.

Not exactly the picture of Irish hospitality.

Thankfully, he'd always been the patient one in the family.

Trying a different tack now, he said, "Look at it this way. While you drive me around your place, you can have the chance to elaborate as to why you don't want to take me up on my offer to rent your farm for an already mentioned exorbitant amount of money."

She cocked her head to study him and her black hair danced in the cold wind like a battle flag. "Fine then. Come along if you must."

"A gracious invitation, as always," he muttered.

"If you want gracious," she told him, "you should head down to Kerry, go to Dromyland Castle. They've fine waiters, lovely food and neatly tended garden paths designed to make sure their visitors' fine shoes don't get ruined."

"I'm not interested in gracious," he told her, heading for the side of the car. "That's why I'm here."

After a moment, she laughed shortly. "You give as good as you get, I'll say that for you."

"Thanks."

She joined him at the door of the truck. "But if you don't mind, I'll drive my own lorry."

"What?" Jefferson realized he'd gone to the right side-what should be the passenger side-but in Ireland, the steering wheel was on the right. "You do realize you guys have the wheel on the wrong side of the car."

"It's a matter of perspective, now isn't it?" She shooed him off and he rounded the front of the small truck, walking to the other door. "Wrong side, right side, makes no difference, as they're both my side."

Jefferson leaned his forearms on the roof of the truck. "Believe it or not, Maura, I'm on your side, too."

"Ah now," she said, grinning, "that I don't believe, Jefferson King, as I'm thinking that you're always on your own side."

She hopped in, fired up the engine and Jefferson moved fast to climb in himself, since he was sure she'd have no qualms about driving off and leaving him standing where he was. She was hardheaded. And beautiful. As stubborn as the hills here were green.

Watching the big American striding across a sheep-dung-littered rainy field on a blustery day was a fine thing, Maura mused. Even here, where he was so clearly out of his element, Jefferson King walked as if he owned the land. The edges of his gray overcoat flapped in the wind like a ghost's shroud. His thick black hair ruffled as though spirits were raking their cold fingers through it and his delicious-looking mouth was twisted up into a sneer of distaste. And yet, she thought, he continued on. Carrying sacks of feed across muddy ground to tip and pour the grain into troughs for her sheep.

As the feed hit the bottom of the troughs, the black and white creatures came scampering ever closer, as though they'd been starved for weeks. Greedy beasts, she thought with a smile as they nudged and pushed at the great Jefferson King.

To give him his due, he wasn't skittish around the animals as most city people were. They tended to look on mountain sheep as they would a hungry tiger, wondering if the beasties were going to turn on them with fangs and the taste for human flesh. For a rich American, he seemed oddly at home in the open country, though for some reason, the man refused to wear stout boots instead of his shiny, no doubt hideously expensive shoes.

He laughed suddenly as a head butt from the sheep nearly sent him sprawling face-first into the muck. Maura smiled at the sound of his laughter and told herself to ignore the swift, nearly debilitating rush of heat that swamped her. An impossible order to obey, she thought as she watched the wide smile on his face lighting up his features.

Her knees went wobbly and she knew her body was not listening to her mind.

Jefferson King was a man meant to be ogled by women, she thought, eyeing his fine physique. Broad shoulders, narrow h*ps and large hands with more calluses on them than she would have imagined a Hollywood type to have. He had long legs, muscular thighs and a fine ass if anyone were to ask her opinion.

And he was only a temporary visitor to the lovely island she called home. She had to remember that. He'd only come to Ireland looking for a place to make a movie. He wasn't here on the Donohue Farm because he found her fascinating. He was here to rent her land, nothing more. Once she'd signed his bloody papers, he'd be off. Back to his own world that lay so very far from hers.

Well. She didn't like the thought of that.

And so, she continued to draw out the negotiations.

"They act like they haven't eaten in weeks," Jefferson said as he walked toward her.

"Aye, well, it's cold out. That'll make for heartier appetites."

"Speaking of," he hinted broadly.

They'd fallen into a routine of sorts since his arrival. Maura had hardly noticed it happening, but there it was. Jefferson spent most of the day at her farm, following her about, touting the merits of the deal he was trying to make her and then they ended the afternoon over a bowl of soup and some hot tea in her kitchen. Strange how she'd come to look forward to that time with him.

Still, she said, "You could ask the sheep to share their meal with you if you're that hungry."

"Tempting," he said, pushing one hand through his hair to sweep it back off his forehead. "But I'd prefer some of that brown bread you gave me yesterday."

"Fond of soda bread, are you?"

He looked down at her from his great height and she could have sworn she saw actual sparks glittering in his pale blue eyes. "I'm fond of a lot of things around here."

"Oh, you've a smooth tongue on you, Jefferson King." And her knees wobbled even more as she thought of the many uses that smooth tongue of his could be put to.

"Do I?"

"And well you know it," she told him, plucking two long strands of her hair out of her eyes. "But you're wasting your time trying to wheedle me into signing that contract of yours. I will or I won't and nothing you can say will sway me in either direction."

"Ah, but it's my time, isn't it?"

"It is indeed," she said and was silently glad he hadn't given up just yet.

In truth, she'd been considering his offer seriously since the moment he'd made it. Her mind had raced with possibilities. With the money he was offering her, she had tried to imagine what she could do to the centuries-old farmhouse that had been in her family for forever. Not to mention the changes she could make to the farm itself.

She already had a paid worker coming a few days a week, but with Jefferson King's money, she would be able to hire someone full-time, to help ease the workload. And even with all that, she'd still have money left over to make a fine cushion in her bank account.

But she wasn't entirely ready to agree to his terms just yet. He'd already sweetened his offer once and she'd no doubt he would do so again. Yes, he could find another farm just as suitable for his needs, but he wouldn't find a prettier one, Maura told herself. Besides, he'd already told her he thought the Donohue land was perfect.

Which meant he wouldn't be withdrawing his offer. And Maura, coming from a long line of wily horse traders, was going to make sure she got the very best deal she could. It wasn't greed motivating her, either. Just think what a movie crew would do to her well-ordered life, not to mention her home and land. She'd need some of the money he would pay her just to put to rights the sorry mess they would no doubt leave behind.

While she stared at him, his gaze moved past her, scanning the surrounding countryside. As she'd grown up on Donohue land, and knew every inch of it as well as Tarzan knew the jungle, she didn't have to look to know what he was seeing. Green fields as far as the eye could see. Stone fences rising up from the ground like ancient sentinels. The shadow of the Partry Mountains looming behind them and the whole of Lough Mask stretching out in front of them, its silvery surface looking on this gray day like molten steel frothing in the wind. Across the way, a tumbled ruin of an ancient castle slept as if only waiting for the clang of a sword to wake it. Sheep wandered these hills freely as they had for centuries and would, no doubt, for centuries to come. The Irish wind kissed the land and the rain blessed it and those who lived here appreciated every single acre as no outsider ever could.

The village of Craic was only two kilometers down the long, twisting road and dotted along the way were B and Bs, a few more farmhouses and even one palatial mansion belonging to one Rogan Butler and his wife, Aly, who now spent most of their time in Dublin.

But here in the middle of her own fields, she and Jefferson might as well have been the only two people on the planet. A latter-day Adam and Eve, without the fig leaves, thanks very much, and surrounded by bleating sheep.

"Did I tell you," he said, shattering the quiet between them, "that my great-grandmother was Irish?"

"You mean Mary Frances Rafferty King who was born in County Sligo and met your great-grandfather when he was taking a tour of Ireland? He saw her in a pub. On a Tuesday, wasn't it?" Maura smiled. "Aye, you might have mentioned her once or twice."

He grinned at her. "Didn't mean to bore you."

"Did I say I was bored?"

"No." He stepped closer and she felt the heat of him reaching for her, charging the icy air. "But let me know if you feel yourself nodding off and I'll try harder to enchant you."

"You mean to say you've got to try to be appealing?" she quipped, taking a quick step or two back from him. "I'm disappointed. Here I thought you were just a born charmer."

"Did you?" he asked, closing the distance between them again with a single, long step. "Now, isn't that interesting?"

"I didn't say your charm was working on me, mind you," Maura told him, enjoying their sparring far too much. It had been a long time since she'd met a man who appealed to her on so many different levels. A shame, she reminded herself, that he was only here temporarily. Better that she keep that thought in mind before her body and heart became too involved for their own good.

"You can't fool me, Maura. I'm wearing you down."

"Is that right?"

"It is," he said. "You haven't threatened to throw me off your property in almost-" he checked his watch "-six hours."

Still smiling, she said, "I could remedy that right now."

"Ah, but you don't want to."

"I don't?" That smile of his should be considered a lethal weapon, she told herself.

"No," he said, "because you actually like having me around, whether you'll admit to it or not."

Well, he was right about that now, wasn't he, she thought. But then what single woman in her right mind wouldn't enjoy having a man such as Jefferson King about the house? It wasn't every day a rich, gorgeous man showed up on her doorstep wanting to rent her farm. Could she really help it if she was enjoying the negotiations so much that she was rather dragging the process out?

"Admit it," he said, his voice low enough that it was barely more than a breath. "I dare you."

"You'll find, Jefferson," she said softly, lifting her eyes to meet his, "that if I want you...around, I'll have no trouble admitting it. To you or to myself."

Chapter Two

In the village of Craic, Jefferson King was big news and Maura had half the town nagging her to sign his silly papers so they could all "get famous." Not a moment went by when she didn't hear someone's opinion on the subject.

But she wasn't going to be hurried into a decision. Not by her friends, not by her sister and not by Jefferson. She'd give him her answer when she was ready and not before.

She should have thought twice about suggesting to him they go to the village pub for supper. Should have known that her friends and neighbors would pounce on the opportunity to engage Jefferson in conversation while managing to give Maura a nudge or two at the same time. But, the truth was, she had been feeling far too...itchy to trust herself alone in her house with him. He was a fine-looking man after all, and her hormones had been doing a fast step-dance since the moment she'd first laid eyes on him.

Now, Maura had to wonder if coming into the Lion's Den pub for a meal hadn't been a bad idea after all.

Of course, she was surrounded by villagers, so there was no chance at all her hormones would be able to take over her good sense. But the downside was, she was surrounded by villagers, all of whom were vying for Jefferson's attentions.

In early December, the interior of the pub was dim, with lamplight gleaming dully on paneled walls stained with centuries of smoke from the peat fires kept burning in a brazier. The floor was wood as well, scuffed from the steps of thousands of patrons. There were several small round tables with chairs gathered close and a handful of booths lining two of the walls. The bar itself was highly polished walnut that Michael O'Shay, the pub owner, kept as shiny as a church pew. And beside the wide mirror reflecting the crowd back on itself, there was a television perched high on a shelf, displaying a soccer game with the sound muted.

Michael sauntered up to their table with a perfectly stacked pint of Guinness beer for Jefferson and a glass of Harp beer for Maura. As he set them down, he gave a swift, unnecessary swipe of the gleaming table with a pristine bar rag. Then he beamed at them both like Father Christmas. "I'll have your soup and bread up for you in a moment. It's potato-leek today. My Margaret made it and you'll enjoy it I'm sure. When your movie folk arrive," he added with a grin for Jefferson, "I'll see that Margaret makes it by the boatload for you."

Maura sighed. Hadn't taken him long to get Hollywood into the conversation.

"Sounds good," Jefferson said, taking a sip of his thick black beer.

"Has your Rose had her baby yet, Michael?" Maura asked, then said in an aside to Jefferson, "Michael and Margaret are about to become grandparents."

"We are indeed," the pub owner said and gave Maura a knowing look, "so the extra money made when your film crew arrives will be most welcome."

Maura closed her eyes. Clearly, all anyone wanted to talk about was the notion of having a film made in their little village. Michael had hardly left to bustle back to his bar when three or four other locals found a reason to stop by the table and talk to Jefferson.

She watched him handle the people she'd known all her life with courtesy and she liked him for it. Surely a man like him didn't enjoy being the center of attention in a village less than a third the size of the town he called home. But rather than being abrupt, he seemed to almost encourage their chatter.

Maura listened with half an ear as Frances Boyle raved about her small traveler's inn and the good service she could promise King Studios. Then Bill Howard, owner of the local market, swore he'd be happy to order in any and all supplies Jefferson might require. Nora Bailey gave him her card and told him again that she ran a full-service bakery and would be happy to work with his caterers and finally Colleen Ryan offered her skills as a seamstress, knowing that being so far from Hollywood, his costume people might be needing an extra hand, fine with a needle.

By the time they wandered off, each of them giving Maura a nudging glare, Jefferson was grinning and Maura's head pounded like a badly played bodhran drum.

"Seems as though you're the only one who doesn't want my business," he said, then took another sip of his beer.

"Aye, it does at that, doesn't it?"

"So why are you holding out?"

"Holding out?" Maura pretended surprise. "I've not promised you a thing, have I?"

"No," he said, smiling. "You haven't. You've just sat by and let me talk and wheedle and eventually raise my offer a bit each day."

True enough and she had hopes he'd go a bit higher yet before the deed was done and the bargain struck. If her friends and neighbors could curb their enthusiasm a little.

"The whole town wants this to happen," he said.

"Aye, but the whole town won't have the disruption of a film crew camped out on their land during the height of lambing season, will they?" She considered that a point well made and rewarded herself with a sip of her beer.

"You said yourself that most of the sheep give birth out in the fields. We'll be filming mostly at the front of the house. Outdoor shots of the manor-"

She snorted. "It's a farmhouse."

"Looks like a manor to me," he countered, then continued quickly, "There may be a few scenes around the barn and the holding pens, but we won't get in the way."

"And you can promise that?" She eased back in the booth and looked at him across the table.

"I'll promise it, if that's what it takes to get you to sign."

"Desperate now?" She smiled and took another soothing drink. "Might make a woman think you'd be willing to sweeten your offer a bit."

"You drive a hard bargain," Jefferson told her with a nod of approval. "But I might be willing to go a little higher yet, if you'd make up your mind and give me your decision."

She smiled to herself, but kept it small so he wouldn't see the victorious gleam that had to be shining in her eyes. "As well I might, depending on how much higher you're talking about."

He gave her an admiring tip of his head. "Too bad your sister's not the one making this deal. I have the distinct feeling she'd be easier to convince."

"Ah, but Cara has her own priorities, doesn't she?" Smiling at the thought of her younger sister, Maura could admit to herself that she would have eventually accepted Jefferson's offer even if he hadn't paid her for the use of her land. Because he'd agreed to give Cara a small part in the movie. And since her sister dreamed of being a famous actress, Cara had been walking in the clouds for days now.

"True," he said. "If she were doing the bargaining, she might have wangled herself a bigger part."

"She'll do fine with what she's got. She's very good, you know." Maura leaned forward. "For a few weeks last year, Cara was on one of those British soap operas. She was brilliant, really, until they killed her off. She had a lovely death scene and all. Made me cry when she died."

His mouth quirked, just high enough to display a dimple in his left cheek. "I know. I sat through the tapes."

"She is good, isn't she? I mean, it's not only that I'm her sister and love her that makes me think so, is it?"

"No, it's not. She's very good," Jefferson told her.

"She has dreams, Cara has," Maura murmured.

"What about you? Do you have dreams, too?" he asked.

Her gaze met his as she shook her head. "'Course I do, though my dreams are less lofty. The barn needs a new roof and before long, my old lorry's going to keel over dead with all four tires in the air. And there's a fine breed of sheep I'd like to try on my fields, as well."

"You're too beautiful to have such small dreams, Maura."

She blinked at him, surprised by the flattery and, at the same time, almost insulted to be told that her dreams were somehow lacking in imagination. She'd once had bigger dreams, as all young girls do. But she'd grown up, hadn't she? And now her dreams were more practical. That didn't make them less important. "They're mine, aren't they, and I don't think they're small dreams at all."

"I just meant-"

She knew what he meant. No doubt he was more accustomed to women who dreamed of diamonds or, God help her, furs and shiny cars. He probably saw her as a country bumpkin with her worn jeans and fields full of shaggy sheep. That thought was as good as a cold shower, dousing the fire in her hormones until she felt almost chilled at the lack of heat.

Before he could speak again, she glanced to one side and announced, "Oh look! The Flanagan boys are going to play."

"What?"

Maura pointed to the far corner of the pub where three young men with dark red hair sat down, cradling an assortment of instruments between them. While Michael finally made good on his promise and delivered their bowls of steaming potato-leek soup and soda bread hot from the oven, the Flanagan brothers began to play.

In moments, the small pub was filled with the kind of music most people would pay a fortune to hear in a concert hall. Fiddle, drum and flute all came together in a wild yet fluid mesh of music that soared up to the rafters and rattled the window panes. Toes started tapping, hands were clapping and a few hearty souls sang out the lyrics to traditional Irish music.

One tune slid into another, rushing from fast and furious to the slow and heartbreaking, with the three brothers never missing a beat. Jefferson watched the energized crowd with a filmmaker's eye and knew that he'd have to include at least one pub scene in the movie they would be filming here in a few months. And he was going to put in a word with his director about the Flanagan brothers. Their talent was amazing and he thought the least he could do was display it on film. Who knew, maybe he could help more dreams to come true.

Once he finally got Maura to sign his damned contract.

Jefferson's gaze slid to her and his breath caught in his chest. He'd been aware of her beauty before now, but in the dim light of the pub with a single candle burning in a glass jar on the table, she looked almost ethereal. Insubstantial. Which was a ridiculous thought because he'd seen her wrestle a full-grown sheep down to the ground, so a fragile woman she most definitely was not. Yet he was seeing her now in a new way. A way that made his body tighten to the point of discomfort.

You'd think he'd be used to it, he thought. He'd been achy for nearly a week now, his body in a constant state of unrequited readiness that was making him crazy. Maybe what he needed to do was stop being so damn polite and just swoop in and seduce Maura before she knew what hit her.

Then a whirlwind swept into the pub and dropped down at their booth, nudging her sister over on the bench seat.

"Oh, soup!" Cara Donohue cooed the words and reached for her sister's bowl with both hands. "Lovely. I'm famished."

"Get your own, you beggar," Maura told her with a laugh, but pushed her soup toward her sister.

"Don't need to, do I?" Cara grinned, then shot a quick look at Jefferson. "Have you convinced her to sign up yet?"

"Not yet," he said, putting thoughts of seduction to one side for the moment. Cara Donohue was taller and thinner than Maura, with a short cap of dark curls and blue eyes that shone with eagerness to be doing. Seeing. Experiencing. She was four years younger than her sister and twice as outgoing, and yet Jefferson felt no deep stirring for her.

She was a nice kid with a bright future ahead of her, but Maura was a woman to make a man stop for a second and even a third look.

"You will," Cara said with a bright, musical laugh. "You Americans are all stubborn, aren't you? And besides, Maura thinks you're gorgeous."

"Cara!"

"Well, it's true and all," her sister said with another laugh as she finished Maura's soup, then reached for her sister's beer. She had a sip, then winked at Jefferson. "It does no harm to let you know she enjoys looking at you, for what breathing woman wouldn't? And I've seen you giving her a look or two yourself."

"Cara, if you don't shut your mouth this minute..."

Maura's threat died unuttered, but Jefferson couldn't help smiling at the sisters. He and his brothers were just the same, teasing each other no matter who happened to be around to listen. Besides, he liked hearing that Maura had been talking about him.

"There's no harm in it, is there?" Cara was saying, with a glance at first her sister, then Jefferson. "Why shouldn't you take a good look at each other?"

"Pay no attention to my sister," Maura told him with a shake of her head.

"Why?" he asked. "She's not wrong."

"Maybe not, but she doesn't have to be so loud about it, does she?"

"Ah Maura, you worry too much," her sister told her and patted her arm.

The music suddenly shifted, jumping into a wild, frenetic song with a beat that seemed to thrum against the walls and batter its way into a man's soul. Jefferson found himself tapping his fingers on the tabletop in time with the quickening rhythm.

"Oh, they're playing 'Whiskey in the Jar!' Come on, Maura, dance with me."

She shook her head and resisted when Cara tried to pull her to her feet. "I've worked all day and I'm in no mood for step dancing. Most especially not with my big-mouthed sister."

"But you love me and you know it. Besides, it'll do you good and you know you adore this song." Cara grinned again and gave her sister's arm a good yank.

On her feet, Maura looked at him, almost embarrassed, Jefferson thought, then with a shrug she followed her sister into the cleared-away area in front of the tables. A few people applauded as Cara and Maura took their places beside each other, then, laughing together, the Donohue sisters leaped into action. Their backs were arrow straight, their arms pinned to their sides and their feet were flying.

Jefferson, like most everyone else in the world, had seen the Broadway show with the Irish dancers and he'd come away impressed. But here, in this tiny pub in a small village on the coast of Ireland, he was swept into a kind of magic.

Music thundered, people applauded and the two sisters danced as if they had wings on their feet. He couldn't tear his eyes off Maura. She'd worked hard all day at a job that would have exhausted most of the men he knew. Yet there she was, dancing and laughing, as graceful as a leaf on the wind. She was tireless. And spirited. And so damned beautiful, he could hardly draw a breath for wanting her.

Without warning, Jefferson's mind turned instantly to the stories he'd heard about his great-grandfather and how he'd fallen in love at first sight with an Irish girl in a pub just like this, on one magical night.

For the first time in his life, he completely understood how it had happened.

Cara left the pub soon after, claiming she was going to drive into Westport, a bustling harbor city not five miles from the village of Craic.

"I'll be at Mary Dooley's place if you need me," she said as she left, giving Jefferson a wink and her sister a kiss and a smile. "Otherwise, I'll see you sometime tomorrow."

When her sister was gone in a blur of motion, Maura looked at Jefferson and laughed shortly. "She's a force of nature," she said. "Always has been. The only thing that came close to slowing her down was our mother's death four years ago."

"I'm sorry," he said quickly. "I know what it's like to lose your parents. It's never easy no matter how old you are."

"No, it's not," Maura admitted, feeling the sting of remembrance and how hard it had been for her and her sister in those long silent weeks after their mother had passed away. Smiles had been hard to come by and they'd clung to each other to ease their pain.

Eventually though, life had crowded in, insisting it be lived.

"But my mother had been lonely for my father for years. Now that she's joined him, she's happy again, I know."

"You believe that."

A statement, not a question, she thought. "Aye, I do."

"Are you born with that kind of faith, I wonder, or do you have to work to earn it?"

"It just...is," Maura said simply. "Haven't you ever sensed the presence of one you lost and felt better for knowing it?"

"I have," he admitted quietly. "Though it's not something I've ever talked about before."

"Why should you?" She smiled at him again. "It's a private thing, after all."

Jefferson looked at her for a long moment and she tried to read what thoughts might be rushing through his mind. But his eyes were cool, shadowed with old pain, so she was forced to wait until he spoke.

"Ten years ago, my parents died together in a car accident that nearly killed one of my brothers, too." He finished the last of his beer in one swallow, set the glass down and said, "Later, once my three brothers and I had lived through the grief, we all realized that if they'd had a choice, our folks would have elected to go together. Neither of them would have been complete without the other."

"I know just what you mean." Maura sighed through a sad smile. Music played on in the background and dozens of voices rose and fell in waves of conversation. Yet here in the shadow-filled booth, she felt as if she and Jefferson were alone in the room. "My father died when Cara was small and my mother was never the same without him. She tried, for our sakes of course, but for her, there was always something missing. A love like that, I think, is both blessing and curse."

He lifted his beer glass in a toast. "You might be right about that."

He smiled, too, and she thought how odd it was that they would find this mutual understanding in memories of pain. But somehow, sitting in the near dark with Jefferson, sharing stories of loss made her feel closer to him than she had to anyone in a long time.

"Still," she said, her voice soft and low, "even knowing your parents were together, it must have been hard on you and your brothers."

"It was." A slight frown creased his features briefly. "I'd finally recovered from..." He stopped, caught himself and said instead, "Doesn't matter. The point is, when we needed it the most, my brothers and I had each other. And we had to help Justice recover."

She wondered what he'd been about to say. What he'd thought better of sharing with her. And wondered why, if it was so many years ago, that thought could have left a shadow of pain flashing in his eyes. His secret, whatever it was, had hit him deeply, cutting him in his heart and soul. So much so that even now, he didn't talk about it.

Maura buried her curiosity for the moment and said only, "Justice? An interesting name."

"Interesting man," Jefferson told her with a quick smile that was filled, she thought, with a bit of gratitude for her ignoring his earlier slip of the tongue. "He runs the family ranch."

Delighted by the image, she smiled. "So he's a cowboy, then?"

"Yeah, he is." He grinned suddenly, though sorrow still glittered in his eyes. "And he's married now, with a son and another baby on the way."

"Lovely," she said, envying him his large family. "And your other brothers?"

"The youngest, Jesse, is married, too. His wife just had a baby boy a few months back." He stopped and grinned. "Jesse passed out during the delivery. We love to remind him of that."

"What a wonderful story," Maura said. "His love and worry for his wife making him faint. He must be a lovely man."

"Lovely?" Jefferson thought about it and shrugged. "I'm sure his wife Bella thinks so."

The sorrow in his eyes was fading, the longer he talked about his brothers, and Maura realized she thought even more of him now that she knew how close he was to his family. "And your other brother?"

"Jericho is in the Marines. He's serving in the Middle East right now."

"That's a worry for you." She saw the truth of that in the way his jaw clenched briefly.

"Yeah, it is. But he's doing what he loves, so..."

"I understand." Maura drew a fingertip through the ring of damp her beer glass had left behind on the table. "When Cara first left home to go to London and be an actor, I wanted to lock her in the closet." She laughed, remembering how panicked she'd been at the thought of Cara alone in the big city. "Oh, it's not the same kind of worry you must feel, I know, but at the time I thought for sure she'd be eaten alive by all manner of terrible monsters in that city."

"Worry's worry, Maura," he told her, "and it probably drove you nuts to be so far away from her."

Maura nodded and laughed to herself. "I shouldn't have bothered making myself crazy, of course. Cara sailed ahead, claiming the city as her own and making a good start to the career she wants."

"What about you?"

"What about me?" she asked.

"Your career," he said, his eyes locked on her. "Did you always want to be a sheep farmer?"

Maura gave him a half grin. "Well now, what little girl wouldn't dream of sheep dip and shearing time and lambing emergencies. It's the glamour, you see, that drew me."

Now he laughed and she thought it a wonderful sound. She was glad to see that the sadness in his eyes had all but disappeared, as well.

"So then, what made you choose to be what you are?"

"I like my life being my own. I've always worked the farm. I answer to no one. No clock to watch, no boss to kowtow to. No harried rushing about to drive into the city."

He nodded as if he understood exactly what she was saying. But that couldn't be, because the man made his living in one of the busiest cities in the world. He'd no doubt schedules to keep, people to answer to and hordes of employees clustering about him.

"I can see the appeal of that," he admitted.

"Oh, sure you can," Maura teased. "Look at yourself. Flying all around the world, looking for places to put your cameras. I'd wager you've never spent a full day away from a telephone or an Internet modem in years."

"You'd be right about that," he said with a grudging smile. "But to the travel, I do it because I enjoy it. Take Ireland for example..."

"Why don't we?"

Still smiling, he said, "The studio has location scouts, but I wanted to come here for myself. I've always enjoyed travel, seeing new places. It's the best part of the job. So I had my scout find two or three suitable properties online, then I flew over to check them out."

"Two or three?" she asked, curious now. "And which was the Donohue farm? Where did I figure on your list?"

"You were the second place I looked at-and I knew the minute I saw your farm that it was the one I wanted."

"Which brings us back to your offer."

"Isn't that handy?"

She had to give it to him. He was as stubborn as her, with a mind that continually returned to the goal no matter how many distractions got in the way. She could admire that.

Just as she could admit silently that it was time to act. To accept his offer, sign his contract and let him be off, back to his real life before she became so attached her heart would break at his leaving. Besides, she'd gotten her sister's warning glare earlier and knew that Cara would never forgive her if Maura didn't sign on the dotted line, allowing her sister to earn a small part in a big-budget American movie.

"So what's it going to be, Maura?" he asked a moment later. "Are we going to strike a deal or am I going to have to revisit those other properties?"

In the sudden silence, Maura gave a quick look around the Lion's Den. But for Michael behind the bar and a few straggling patrons nursing a final beer, she and Jefferson were alone. The crowd had gone off and the Flanagans had packed up their instruments and left for home and she hadn't even noticed. She'd been so wrapped up in talking with Jefferson, watching his smile, listening to the rumble of his voice, the whole world could have come to an end and she'd have sat through it all without a care.

Which told her she was in very deep danger of losing her heart to a man who wouldn't be interested in keeping it. Yes, best all around to have their business be done so he could leave and her life could settle back into its familiar pattern.

She held her right hand out to him then and there. "We've a deal, Jefferson King. You'll make your movie on my farm and we'll both get what we want."

He took her hand in his, but instead of shaking it as she'd expected, he simply held on to it, stroking his thumb across her slender fingers. Her stomach jittered and her mouth went dry. Suddenly, she wished she'd ordered another beer because something cool and frothy would no doubt ease her parched throat.

"I have the papers at the inn," he said. "Why don't you come to my room now and we can get them signed."

She slipped her hand from his and chuckled. "Oh, no thank you. If I'm seen going into your hotel room at this hour, the village wags will be talking about us for weeks."

"How would anyone know?"

"In a village, there are no secrets," she told him. "Frances Boyle runs a tight ship at her inn. Believe me when I tell you she knows every person that steps across her threshold."

"Okay," he said, "then why don't we order another round, I'll go to the hotel, gather the papers and bring them back here for you to sign?"

Maura considered it, chewing at her bottom lip. She did want the deed done, but it was already late and she'd have to be up with the sun and-

"I thought you said you didn't have to run your life by the clock," he reminded her.

"Touche," she said with a nod, amused that he'd rightly guessed what she'd been thinking about. "All right then, I'll order the beer while you get your paperwork."

When he left, Maura's gaze dropped to his behind and she gave herself a stern talking-to. You'll have a drink, sign his papers and say thanks very much and goodbye. There'll be no loitering in the moonlight, Maura Donohue. He's a man you can't have, so there's no point in wishing things were different. Don't be a fool about this, Maura, or you'll surely regret it.

All very rational, she thought. Too bad she wasn't listening.

Chapter Three

He wasn't gone long.

The truth was, Jefferson hadn't wanted to leave her at all. He'd hoped to get her back to the hotel where he could try to slide her into his bed and seal the deal in a way that would ease the ache he'd been carrying for the last few days. But typically enough, Maura had managed to shatter his quickly thought-up plan with a simple "no." So, adjusting his plan on the fly, he thought he could maneuver her into letting him take her home and maybe he could slide himself into her bed instead.

When he walked into the quiet pub, Michael the barman gave him a nod of welcome, then went back to watching the news on the television. There was only one other customer left at the bar and Maura at the table where he'd left her. The single candle flickering on their table threw dancing shadows across her face and its faint light seemed to shimmer in the rich thickness of her hair.

The need he'd been carrying around inside him burst into flame. Instantly, his mind filled again with the image of her dancing. Her smile. Her regal yet somehow wild bearing. The rhythm in her body, the fast fury of her small feet, and he wanted with a desperation he'd never known before.

"That was quick," she said when he stopped at the edge of their table.

"No point in wasting time, is there?"

"None at all," she agreed, sliding out of the booth to stand beside him. "But I think we should go back to the farm so Michael can close the pub and go home. I've some wine in the fridge. We can toast the signed contract if you like."

Jefferson was silent for a moment, simply because he couldn't believe she'd suggested the very thing he'd been about to recommend. She seemed to be one step ahead of him and that was an unusual enough happening that he could enjoy the sensation. He wondered, though, if she wanted what he did. Was she simply being nice, or was she as anxious as him for them to be alone together?

He'd find out soon enough.

"Good idea." He laid one hand at the small of her back and guided her across the room. When she called out good-night to Michael, the barman merely waved a towel at them.

Then they were outside, in the stillness. The village was quiet-houses dark, streets empty. There was a hush in the air that felt as if the world had taken a breath and held it. Or maybe, Jefferson told himself, his time in Ireland had been enough to make any man-even him-fanciful.

The trip to the Donohue farmhouse was a quick one, yet it felt like forever to Jefferson. With Maura beside him in the car, her scent seemed to wrap itself around him, taunting him, arousing him to the point where simply sitting still became an act of torture.

At the house he parked the car in the driveway, what Maura would call "the street," and walked beside her in silence to the front door. Neither of them had much to say, mainly he thought, because there was too much to say. So where was a man supposed to start?

Sign the contract?

Take off your clothes?

He knew which he'd prefer, but he had a feeling it wouldn't be that easy.

Inside the house, Maura flipped light switches on as they moved through the silent rooms to the kitchen. There, she tossed her keys onto the table and walked to the fridge. Looking at him over her shoulder, she said, "Will you take down a couple of glasses from the far cupboard?"

"Sure." Jefferson laid the envelope containing the contract on the table and went for the glasses. A moment later, she was filling them with a cold, straw-colored wine that shone almost gold in the overhead light.

He'd been in this room before, though those visits had been in broad daylight. The old kitchen was clean and tidy, its ancient appliances gleaming with the care she took with them. The counter was bare of all but a set of canisters and a teapot and the wood floor was scarred from wear but polished to a high shine.

"I suppose I should sign the papers first," she was saying and Jefferson turned his attention to her.

"Good idea. We take care of business first."

"First. And then what?" Her blue eyes glittered as she turned them up to him and Jefferson's body stirred like a hungry dog on a short leash.

"Then," he said, "we'll toast to the success of our joint venture."

A smile tugged at her lips. "Venture, is it? A fine word for it, anyway."

She took the pen he offered her and sat down to read through the short contract. He liked that about her, too. He thought a lot of people might have just taken him at his word and signed where he indicated. Not Maura though. She was careful. Not going to take his word for it that her interests were being looked after.

Was there anything sexier than a smart woman?

Her teeth pulled at her bottom lip as she read and he heard the ticking of the wall clock behind him in the strained quiet. Her head was bent over the paperwork and he had to force himself not to touch her. Not to stroke his fingers through the shining black hair that was only inches from him. Soon, he promised himself, reaching for the self-control that had always been a part of him.

But even as that thought rattled through his mind, he had to smile. His self-control had been mostly absent since the first moment he'd seen Maura. She tripped something inside him. Something he hadn't even been aware of in years. Something he hadn't felt since-

The scratch of a pen on paper broke the silence and he came out of his thoughts in time to watch her put the pen down and pick up the now-signed contract.

"It's done," she said.

"It'll be good doing business with you, Maura."

"Ah, I'll wager you say that to all of the people you rent locations from."

"No," he said, sliding the contract back into the envelope then tossing them on the table. "I don't. You're...different."

"Is that so?" She picked up the wineglasses, handed one to him and took a sip of her own. "And how might that be?"

"I think you know the answer to that."

"I might at that," she mused and set her glass down again to take off the cream-colored Irish sweater she wore. Pulling it up and over her head, she shook her hair back and smiled up at him.

Jefferson sucked in a gulp of air, then chased it with a swallow of cold, crisp wine. All she'd been wearing under that sweater of hers tonight was a white silk camisole that clung to her skin and displayed her pebbled ni**les with fine clarity.

"You must have been freezing tonight," he muttered.

"A bit," she admitted, "though inside the pub was warm enough and I'll admit, I thought perhaps we might end up back here tonight and I wanted to see the look on your face when I took off the sweater."

"And was it worth it?" he managed to ask.

"Aye, it was." She reached up, hooked one hand behind his head and threaded her fingers through his hair. "I've been wanting you, Jefferson."

His body jumped into overdrive, his erection painfully pushing against his slacks. "Have you?"

"I have. I think you've been wanting me, as well," she added, moving in closer to him.

"Aye," he mimicked. "I have."

Her fingers at the back of his neck felt seductive and sure and he suddenly wanted that touch all over him. He needed to feel her hands on him, to get his hands on her.

He set his glass down and reached for her. Holding her pressed tightly against him, he felt her ni**les pushing into his chest and damn near groaned. Then he had to smile. "You know, I'd planned to seduce you tonight."

She grinned up at him. "Well, isn't it a fine thing indeed when two plans come together so nicely?"

"Indeed," he murmured and bent his head to take a kiss. The first of many. His mouth covered hers and she sighed into him, parting her lips eagerly, hungrily. She matched his need and as their tongues twisted and danced together, the flames they built erupted into an inferno.

He wrapped his arms around her, holding her pressed tightly to him and still it wasn't close enough. Couldn't feel enough of her. He needed her naked. Needed to feel skin to skin, rough to smooth. He needed to slide his body into hers and feel her heat surround him.

And he needed it now.

Quickly, he swept her up, turned around and plopped her down onto the kitchen counter. She whooped in surprise, but recovered quickly enough. Wrapping her legs around his middle, she clung to him, her tongue tangling with his, their breaths combining into a symphony of sighs that filled the quiet of the old house with the desperate sounds of passion.

Again and again, he kissed her, long, deep, short, fast. He loved the taste of her. Richer than any wine, headier than any intoxicant could be. She was all. She was everything. The world spun about her and he was pulled into her orbit with the deliberate tug of a gravity too fierce to fight.

He yanked up the hem of that silken camisole, tore it up over her head, then tossed it behind him without missing a beat. Her br**sts were bared to him and he inhaled sharply as he fed the need to admire her. Full, ripe br**sts with dark pink ni**les, peaked now as if just awaiting his pleasure.

Jefferson cupped those milk-white globes in his hands and sighed himself with her whispered approval. His thumbs and forefingers tweaked and pulled gently at her ni**les and when she writhed into him, he dipped his head, taking first one, then the other into his mouth. He licked, he sucked, he nibbled and the sounds she made urged him on, encouraged him to take all he wanted.

Her hands fisted in his hair and held his head to her br**sts as if she were worried he'd stop. But stopping wasn't in the game plan. In fact, he couldn't have stopped now if his life depended on it. God help him if she were to suddenly change her mind and show him the door. He'd never live through it.

He pulled back, looked up into misty blue eyes and returned the grin she had aimed at him.

"Let's have your shirt off, Jefferson," she said. "I've a need to feel your skin beneath my hands."

He obliged her quickly, tearing off his own sweater and the shirt he wore beneath it. Then he groaned as her palms swept over his shoulders and along his back. The warmth of her touch slid into him and sent bolts of fresh need shooting through his system. Her short nails scraped at his skin. Her breath came in hard, brief pants and when she slid her hands down his arms, they were both gasping for air.

"Help me with these," she said, her voice low and tight as though she'd had to force the words from her throat.

"What?"

"My jeans, man." She had them unsnapped and was whipping the zipper down as she spoke. She'd already kicked off her shoes. "Help me out of them before I lose my mind for the wanting."

"Right, right." His head was full and spinning. All he could think about was the next touch, the next kiss. So he helped her out of her pants, lifting her off the counter so she could scoot around and free herself of both jeans and white cotton bikini underwear.

Jefferson had one shining moment of clarity when he realized that her simple, plain panties were more erotic than any scraps of black lace he'd ever seen. Then the moment was gone and he was lost in the glory of looking at her. Her milk-white skin was soft and smooth and he ached to touch her all over. Explore every curve, every line of her body until he knew her more intimately than any other man ever had.

"Now yours," she said, reaching for his belt buckle. She grinned, tossed her hair back over her shoulder and met his eyes with her own. She was strong and sure of herself, and the sexual ache he felt went a notch higher. "I've a powerful need for you, Jefferson, and I'm not a patient woman as you might have noticed."

"Believe me, I'm grateful to hear it," he muttered, stepping out of his clothes and standing na**d in front of her. His body leaped to attention, hard and thick and aching to ease itself inside her. But Jefferson had one more quick moment of reason show itself, so he said, "We should go upstairs. To your bedroom."

"Later," she countered, reaching for him, wrapping her arms around his neck even as she parted her legs and scooted forward to the counter's edge. "If I don't have you inside me this moment, Jefferson King, I'll not be responsible for what happens next."

"My kind of woman," he growled with a smile. "I knew it the moment I saw you."

Her hands cupped his cheeks again. "Then fill me, Jefferson, ease the ache."

He did.

She was hot and wet and so ready for him he almost exploded the moment he entered her. Only his immense self-control kept him from hurtling too soon over an edge he craved like a dying man wished for a few more moments of life. She threw her head back, baring her throat for him and he kissed her there, along the line of her lovely throat, lips and tongue sliding across her skin until she shivered in his arms.

He pushed himself deep as her legs locked around his hips, then pulled out and did the same again. Over and over, as he set a rhythm she raced to follow, their bodies came together, melding, meshing, sliding into a dance they had been building toward for what seemed like forever.

Her soft pants and muted sighs fueled him, fed the images in his mind, the sensations in his body. Never before had Jefferson so lost himself in a woman. He wasn't sure where he ended and she began and he knew with a blinding flash of insight that it didn't matter.

All that mattered was this moment. This one heart-stopping, mind-numbing moment in time.

Pulling his head back, he watched her as he moved one hand to the spot where their bodies joined and touched the pad of his thumb to the most sensitive flesh at her core. She gasped, trembled in his arms and shrieked out his name as her body whipped into a frenzied release.

And no more than a heartbeat later, Jefferson gave himself up, at last, to the crashing need and surrendered himself into her keeping.

Hours later, Maura stretched out on her bed and felt blissfully languid. Every cell in her body was replete. Satisfied. And even as she lay there, just an arm's reach from her lover, she felt hunger begin to stir inside again.

She turned her head on the pillow to look at Jefferson and smiled to herself. He'd been well worth the agonizing wait, she told herself even as a small voice in the back of her head warned her against feeling too much. Wanting too much.

Outside, a storm was building. She heard the first taps of rain against her window as a cold wind rattled the panes. But here, in the cozy master bedroom of the farmhouse, a peat fire burned in the corner hearth and she lay on sweet-smelling sheets beside a man who touched her as she'd never been touched before.

Instantly, that nagging, annoying voice started up again. Careful now, Maura, it warned, he's not the forever kind of man. He's not staying-neither here in your bed nor even in Ireland. He'll be off now that he has what he came for. So don't be a fool and fall in love.

So she wouldn't take the fall. But she couldn't help feeling for the man.

He would go home remembering her and this night as something magical.

Seemed only fair, since so would she.

"I think I may be dead," Jefferson murmured.

Her thoughts crashed to a halt as he looked at her, his eyes the pale blue color of cornflowers in summer. There was the shadow of a beard on his jaws and his black hair was nearly standing on end. Not surprising considering how they'd spent the last few hours.

Maura's heart turned over in her chest. Soon, very soon, he'd be walking out her door. And as she considered it, she knew she had to have him again. One last time before he became nothing more than a sweet, tender spot in her soul.

Laying one hand on his abdomen, she slowly slid her palm lower and lower. His breath caught in his chest as she wrapped her long fingers around him and felt that hard, eager part of him leap into life again. "Not so very near death, I'm thinking," she said with a teasing smile.

He hissed in another breath, blew it out and said, "You could rouse a dead man, Maura. You've just proved it."

She grinned, feeling a delicious sense of female power rise up inside her. To know she had this effect on a strong man was a heady thing indeed. To know that he was watching her, waiting for her to make her next move, only enhanced the sensation.

Her fingers moved over him, the hard, silky feel of his skin pulsing beneath her own. Then she reached farther down and cupped him, gently rubbing, stroking until he lifted his h*ps off the mattress and into her touch.

"You do want me dead, is that it?" he managed to wheeze.

"Oh, no," she answered, shifting position to straddle him, "I want you alive, Jefferson King. Alive and inside me."

His hands came down on her upper thighs and she smiled at him, scooping her arms under her hair and lifting them high, displaying her br**sts for his pleasure. Her hair fell down around her shoulders in a tangle, her ni**les peeking through the black strands. And when his eyes narrowed, she knew she had him. Rising up onto her knees, she looked down at him as if he were her captive.

He reached for her, his hands moving over her body with a greedy touch and she nearly purred at the feel of him against her. But she wanted more. She wanted another time with him. She wanted to ride him and look down into his eyes and know that no matter where else he went in his life, he would take this mental image of the two of them together with him. Always.

She took his hard length in her hand, held him poised just at the entrance to her heat and rubbed the head of him against her until they were both at the ragged edge of control. Then finally, she lowered her body onto his, taking him, inch by glorious inch, inside her.

Maura groaned as he filled her so deeply, she felt him touch her heart and when they were firmly joined, connected as deeply as two people could possibly be, she moved on him. Riding him, her body sliding up and down atop him, setting a pace that started out slow and then became frantic. She swiveled her h*ps against him and leaned over so that he could cup her br**sts and pull at her aching ni**les.

Her gaze locked with his, she kept moving, tirelessly, ceaselessly, laying claim to his body as she couldn't his heart. And when the expectant rise of glory slammed home and shattered her, she called his name out loud. When she felt him release an instant later and heard him shout for her, she knew the echo of it would ripple through her life forever.

Dull gray light slid through the wisp of white curtains hanging at her windows and Jefferson knew the night was over. Maura was curled into him, one leg across his, one arm tossed over his chest. Her every breath dusted his skin and the scent of her hair was in every lungful of air he claimed.

He hadn't slept, yet he was more awake than he could ever remember being. For hours, he'd made love to his wild Irish woman. And when she'd finally fallen into exhausted slumber, he'd remained awake, just watching her sleep.

His time there was over and he told himself that was a very good thing. He'd become...comfortable in Ireland. In this house. With this woman. He'd begun to structure his days around seeing her. Arguing with her. Watching her laugh.

And that simply wasn't in his plan.

Jefferson didn't want to care about her. Didn't want to ever go down that road again. He would retain control at all costs to avoid the pain he'd once suffered.

Carefully, he slipped out of bed, amused more than anything else when Maura simply snuggled deeper beneath the handmade quilt they'd drawn up over themselves during the night. She muttered something unintelligible, then pulled that quilt over her head.

When they'd finally come upstairs the night before they'd carried their discarded clothes with them, so Jefferson snatched his slacks and shirt off a delicate-looking chair and drew them on. Once he was dressed, he was more in control. He felt his life slide back into place and knew that it was the best for all concerned.

One spectacular night with an intriguing woman wasn't going to change him. He was what he was and his life wasn't in Ireland, no matter how tempting the thought might be. Besides, no one had said anything about permanent. He'd deliberately avoided even thinking that word. What he had with Maura was fun. Uncomplicated. Best to leave it at that.

"You're leaving, then?" Her voice was muffled, since her head was still beneath the quilt.

"Yeah," he said. "I've got to get back to work. I've been gone longer than I planned already. And, now that the contract is signed, there's really no reason to stay any longer."

"Ah yes, the contract."

She pulled the quilt down and her sleepy, dark blue eyes pinned him. For one awful moment, he was afraid she might ask him to stay. He hoped to hell she didn't, because it wouldn't take much convincing to have him going along with that idea, and all that would do was prolong the inevitable. Make this harder-on both of them.

But she surprised him again.

Pushing her hair back out of her face, she nodded and sat up, letting the quilt pool at her waist. His mouth went dry and his body stirred, requiring all of his focus just to get it under control again. Completely at ease with her own nudity, she scooted off the bed, walked right up to him and went up on her toes. Linking her arms around his neck, she gave him a long, luscious kiss, then looked up at him. "Then I'll say goodbye, Jefferson King. Have a safe trip."

His hands rested on her bare h*ps and his fingers burned with the heat of her. Nothing quite like a warm, na**d woman pressed up against you to make a man think of a long, lazy day spent rolling around on her bed. But he had a King jet waiting for him and a business and a life to get back to.

She smiled and he asked, "That's it? No, 'Please stay, Jefferson'?"

Shaking her head, she rubbed her fingertip across his mouth, then stepped back from him. "What would be the point in that? We're neither of us children. We wanted each other and we had each other. It was a lovely night. Let's keep its ending just as lovely."

Apparently, he'd been worried for no reason. She wasn't going to beg him to stay. She wasn't going to cry or say how she'd miss him or ask when he was returning. None of the things he'd hoped to avoid were happening.

So why was he irritated?

"I'll see you off, shall I?" She stepped over to her closet, grabbed a dark green terry-cloth robe and slipped into it. Her body was covered now, but the imprint of her was still etched firmly in his mind. Hiding what he'd already spent hours exploring wasn't going to change anything.

"You don't have to go downstairs with me."

"Oh," she said, leading the way out to the landing and then down the stairs. "'Tisn't just for you. I'm off to brew some tea and then get to work myself."

His eyebrows rose. So much for the fond farewell. His leaving was no more than a by-product here. She was picking up the threads of her everyday life and so was he, he reminded himself. So again, why the flicker of irritation?

She opened the front door and held it wide for him. She smiled, reached up and cupped his cheek briefly. "Fly safe, Jefferson."

"Right." He stepped onto the porch and the Irish wind howled around him. "Take care of yourself, Maura."

"Oh, I always do," she told him. "And you, as well. Not to worry about your film crew, either. All will be here when they arrive."

"Fine."

"All right then." She gave him one last smile, then shut the door, leaving him no choice now but to walk to his car and leave.

With her back to the closed door, Maura wrapped her arms around her middle and held on. After a few steadying breaths, she heard his car engine fire up and she leaned toward the nearest window to catch one last glimpse of him.

He steered his car out onto the road and in a moment, he was gone, as if he'd never been. Even the echo of his car was nothing more than a hush on the wind.

"Well, now," she murmured, swiping away the tears running down her cheeks. "It's best this way and you know it, my girl. No point in laying out your heart for him to stumble over on his way out of the country."

She wasn't the first foolish woman to fall for the wrong man entirely. No doubt, she wouldn't be the last, either.

"Doesn't matter now anyway as he's gone." She headed through the quiet house toward the kitchen and a morning pot of tea. Best to get back to her life. The life she knew. The animals and the land and the world that was hers. "You'll get over him," she promised herself firmly. "Won't take long at all."

Chapter Four

She wasn't over him.

It had been two months and she still thought of Jefferson King nearly every day. Her only hope was that he was being haunted by memories, as well. That would make this whole thing more fair.

The problem was, she had too much alone time, she told herself. Too much empty time to spend in thoughts she shouldn't be indulging in anyway. But with Cara off making a film in Dublin, Maura was alone at the farmhouse with nothing more to talk to than the dog she'd recently acquired.

Unfortunately, King, named for a certain man she was still feeling fondness for when she purchased the dog, was not much of a conversationalist.

Now, along with her wild thoughts, her misery at missing the man she never should have let into her heart, the work building up to lambing season and her new dog, she was also feeling a bit off physically. Her stomach was queasy most of the time and she'd been so dizzy only that morning in the barn, she'd had to sit down before she fell down.

"I was right, wasn't I? It's the flu, I know it," Maura told the village doctor as he walked into the examination room. "I haven't been getting enough sleep and there's so much work to be done. I'm run down is all. I thought you could give me a little something to help me sleep."

Doc Rafferty had been in the village for forty years. He'd treated everyone for miles around and he had delivered both Maura and Cara himself. So he knew them far too intimately to pull any punches, so to speak. And as he was a forthright man in any case, he met her gaze and told her the truth of the matter.

"I've got the results of your test," he said, checking the papers he held in his hand as if to be sure of what he was about to say. "If this is the flu, it's the nine-month variety, Maura. You're pregnant."

A beat of silence fell between them as those last two words of the doctor's repeated over and over again in her head. Sure she'd misheard him, Maura laughed shortly.

"No, I'm not." She shook her head. "That's impossible."

"Is it now?" The older man sat down on a rolling stool and shifted his pale green eyes up to hers. "You're telling me you've done nothing to produce such a condition?"

"Well I-" He'd examined her from head to toe too often for her to try to persuade him she was a virgin, and why would she care to? But this? No. It couldn't be.

Maura stopped, frowned and started thinking. Odd, but she'd been paying no attention at all to her period and hadn't even noticed until now that it hadn't shown up in quite some time. Quickly, she did a little math in her head and as she reached the only conclusion she could under the circumstances, she let out a breath and whispered, "Oh my God."

"There you are, then." Doc Rafferty reached out, patted her knee. "You'll be feeling fine again soon. The first couple of months are always the hardest, after all. In the meantime though, I want you to take better care of yourself." He scribbled a few things down on a pad and then tore off the top sheet and handed it to her.

Maura couldn't read it through the fog blocking her vision.

"Eat regular meals, cut back on the caffeine and I'll have Nurse Doherty give you a sample bottle of vitamins." He stood up, looked down at her through kind eyes and said, "Maura, love. You should tell the baby's father right away."

The baby's father.

The man she'd sworn to put firmly in her past.

So much for that fine notion. He would surely be a part of her future now, wouldn't he?

"Yes, I will." Tell Jefferson that he was going to be a father. Well, wouldn't that make for a lovely long-distance conversation?

"Will you be all right with this, Maura?"

"Of course. I'll be fine." And she would. Already, the first shock of the news was passing and a small curl of excitement was fluttering to life inside her.

She was going to have a baby.

"Do you need to talk about anything?"

"What?" Maura's gaze lifted to meet his. Kindness was stamped on his familiar features and she knew he was worried for her. And though she appreciated it, he needn't be.

"No, Doctor," she told him, scooting off the examination table. "I'm fine, really. It was a bit of a shock, but..." She stopped and smiled. "It's happy news after all, isn't it?"

"You're a good girl, Maura, as I've always said." He gave her a nod of approval and added, "I'd like to see you once a month now, just to keep a check on you and the baby. Make the appointment on your way out. And, Maura, no more heavy lifting, understand?"

When he left the room, she was alone with her news. Although...

"Not as alone as I was when I arrived, am I?" she whispered and dropped one hand to her flat belly.

Awe rose up inside her.

There was a child growing within her. A new life. A precious, innocent life that would be counting on her. But Maura was a woman used to responsibility, so that didn't worry her. The fact that her child would grow up without a father was a bit of a hitch. When she'd imagined the day she would become a mother, she'd had hazy, blurry images of a faceless man standing at her side, rejoicing with her at the birth.

Never once had she considered being a single mother.

Heaven knew she hadn't planned on this. Had, in fact been taking precautions-well, the over-the-counter precautions. It wasn't as though she had sex often enough to warrant anything permanent.

Of course, she should have insisted Jefferson wear a condom, that would have been the intelligent thing to do. But neither of them had been thinking straight that night, she admitted silently. For herself, she'd been in such a hunger to have Jefferson over, under and in her, she hadn't wanted to wait for anything.

Now, it seemed, there would be consequences.

But such wonderful consequences. All penances should be this happily paid.

A child.

She'd always wanted to be a mother.

Maura turned, looked out the window and watched as thick, pewter clouds raced across the sky. A storm was brewing, she thought, and wondered if it was a metaphor for what was about to happen to her life.

"We'll be just fine, you and I," she told her child, still keeping one hand tight to the womb where her baby slept. She would see to it that her child was safe and well and happy.

As soon as she got home, she'd call Jefferson. She'd keep the conversation brisk and as impersonal as she could, considering the situation. She'd tell him because it was right. But she'd also tell him she had no need for him to come rushing back. She wasn't over him just yet and had no wish to see him again, stirring up things that had yet to settle down.

One phone call.

Then they'd be done.

Two months later...

"Mr. King said there would be no problems."

Maura glared at the little man standing on her porch. He was short, bald and looked as though a stiff wind off the lake might blow him into Galway city. She showed him no mercy. "Aye, your Mr. King says a lot of things, doesn't he?"

He took a deep breath as if trying for patience. She understood that feeling very well as she'd been trying for weeks and still hadn't found any.

"We do have a contract," the man reminded her.

She looked past him out to the film crew setting up tents and trailers and cameras with banks of lights surrounding them. Somehow she hadn't expected the whole mess to be quite so...intimidating. As it was, she had dozens of people trampling the grass in her front yard and the complaining bleats from the sheep were as sharp as nails against a chalkboard. Swallowing her irritation as best she could, she said, "We do indeed and I'll stay to the very letter of the contract."

"Meaning?" the little man asked, his small tight mouth flattening into a grim slash across his narrow face.

"Meaning, I said you could be on my property, but nowhere near the lambing sheds."

"But Mr. King said..."

"If you've a problem with me," Maura told him, "I suggest you phone your I'm-so-busy-I-can't-bother-to-return-a-message King and deliver your complaints to him." Just before she slammed the front door, she added, "And I wish you good luck getting him on the bleeding phone as I haven't been able to manage that no-doubt miraculous feat in the last two months."

Jefferson King was juggling what felt like thirty different projects at once. It helped to stay busy. Thankfully, his position at King Studios ensured that he remained that way.

There were currently three films under production and each of them presented different headaches. Dealing with producers, directors and, worst of all to his mind, the actors, was enough to make a man wonder what he'd first enjoyed about this business. He had deals rolling with agents, a couple of smaller studios he was looking to absorb and he was in the middle of buying the rights to a bestselling romance novel to turn it into what would be, he firmly believed, a blockbuster summer hit.

So yeah. Busy. But he preferred it that way. Busy meant his thoughts were too distracted to drift toward memories of Ireland that came only a dozen times a day now. Images of deep green fields, smoky, music-filled pubs and, mostly, thoughts of Maura Donohue.

Which was just as well because every time a picture of that blue-eyed woman rose up in his mind, he was filled with a wild mixture of emotions that were so tangled and twisted into knots inside him it was impossible to figure out which had prominence.

He tossed his pen onto the desktop and scowled at the wall opposite him. Of course he remembered the passion. The chemistry between them that had built slowly and inexorably until it had finally exploded on their last night together.

Yet he also recalled clearly the calm, cool look in her eye as she walked him to the door that last morning. He gritted his teeth as he saw her face in his mind. Clear blue eyes, luscious mouth curved in a half smile. She hadn't cried. Hadn't asked him to stay. Had, in fact, acted as if he were nothing more than an annoying guest keeping her from her work.

Fresh aggravation rose inside him at the memory, so he pushed it away and grabbed his pen again. Thumb flicking madly at the pen top, he told himself it wasn't that he really cared, it was the principle of the thing. Women didn't walk away from Jefferson King. No matter the situation, it was he who did the walking. Always. But she'd thrown him off. Caught him off balance and kept him that way and a part of him wondered if that hadn't been her plan all along.

Had she been teasing him, leading him along sexually until she got the offer just the way she wanted it, and then took him to bed to seal the deal? Was she that manipulative and he simply hadn't seen it? He'd hate to think that. Went against the grain to consider it, but why else had she been so casual about a night that had damn well hit him harder than he had expected it to?

What kind of woman spent the night with a man and then turned him loose the next morning so easily?

And why the hell was he still thinking about her? The deal was done; it was time to move on. "Well past time," he muttered, since there was no one else in his office to overhear him.

"That's perfect," he added under his breath, "now she's got me talking to myself and the woman probably hasn't given me a single thought."

Which really fried his ass if truth be told. Damn it, Jefferson King was not forgettable. Women usually crowded around him, clamoring for his attention. Not just the wannabe actresses who littered Hollywood's streets every few feet, either. But women with wit and intelligence. Women who looked at him and saw a successful man, sure of himself and his own place in the world.

Women who weren't Maura.

Still grumbling, Jefferson flipped through the stack of papers on his desk, and made a few scattered notes. He was buying up an independent film company, thinking of branching King Studios out into documentaries. But it was a stretch to say his mind was focused on that particular task at the moment.

No, like it or not, he was still thinking about her.

But why? After all, it wasn't as if either of them had wanted or counted on a relationship. They'd had some good times together, capped by one amazing night of mind-blowing sex. So why was he so disgusted at her casual goodbye the next morning? It wasn't as if he'd been planning to stay anyway.

It had to be ego, pure and simple.

His had taken a slap and that was something he wasn't used to. How had Maura slipped under his well-honed defenses to leave such an indelible image on his mind?

"Doesn't matter," he said aloud, hearing the determination in not only the words but his tone. The memories would fade, eventually. But that wasn't much comfort in the middle of the night when he woke up with dreams of her raging through his mind.

But a man couldn't be held responsible for what his unconscious mind dredged up, could he? He pushed away from his desk and walked to the window overlooking Beverly Hills and Hollywood. The streets were jammed with cars and in the distance he could see the stalled traffic on the freeway. Smog hung low over the scene, a hazy brown blanket covering a city with millions of people all hurrying through their lives. And for just a moment, he let himself imagine the cool green fields of Ireland. The warm welcome of the pub.

The narrow road to Maura's farmhouse.

Irritated with himself and the memories that were still far too vivid, he scrubbed both hands over his face and turned away from the window. He didn't have time to waste indulging in thoughts of a woman who'd no doubt already moved on.

His phone rang and he grabbed at it with the eagerness of a drowning man reaching for a life preserver. "What is it, Joan?"

His assistant said, "Mr. King, Harry Robinson's on line three for you. He says they're having problems on location."

Harry was directing the Irish epic shooting at Maura's farmhouse. Frowning, Jefferson said, "Thanks, Joan. Put him through."

The line clicked over and he asked, "What seems to be the problem, Harry?"

The other man's voice was sharp and filled with both static and disgust. "The problem is, nothing's going right over here. It's a nightmare."

"What? What happened?"

"What hasn't?" Harry countered. "That inn you told me about? Suddenly it has no vacancies. The local caterer's prices have gone up three times in the last week and the coffee's always cold. The guy at the pub even insists he's run out of beer whenever we walk in."

Jefferson turned around and stared blankly out at the city view again. His own reflection stared back at him from the sun-drenched glass. He looked just as confused as he felt. "Run out of beer? How is it possible for a pub to run out of beer?"

"Tell me about it."

That mild swell of irritation he'd felt earlier began to bubble and churn inside him. "That doesn't sound like Craic to me."

"Yeah, well, it doesn't exactly match the description you gave me of the place, either." In an aside to someone else, Harry said, "Well, move the trough out of the shot. No? Fine. I'll be there in a minute." Then he refocused. "That's an example of what we're dealing with. There's a feed trough I want to move and Ms. Donohue refuses to cooperate."

Jefferson tugged at the tie that felt as if it was strangling him. "Go on."

"Yesterday," Harry told him, "the owner of the market told us he wouldn't be selling to us at all and we could just go into the city for whatever we needed."

"He can't do that."

"Seems he can. I don't have to tell you that West-port's a much longer drive and it's eating up time we don't have."

"I know." What the hell was going on?

"Oh, and the market guy said that if I spoke to you I should tell you, and I quote, 'There'll be no peace for you here until someone does his duty,' end quote. Do you have any idea what he was talking about?"

"No." Duty? What someone? What duty? What the hell had happened in Ireland to turn an entire village against his film crew? The citizens of Craic had been nothing but excited about the prospect a few months ago. What could possibly have changed?

"What about Maura?" he asked suddenly. "Hasn't she been able to help with any of this?"

"Help?" Harry laughed. "That woman would as soon as shoot us as look at us."

"Maura?" Jefferson was stunned now and even more in the dark than he had been before. All right, she hadn't been as thrilled with the prospect of a film crew being on her land as her friends and neighbors had been. But she'd signed the contract in good faith and he knew she had been prepared for all of the confusion and disruption. Her own sister was in the movie, so if nothing else, that should have garnered her cooperation. So what had changed?

"Yes, Maura," Harry snapped. "She lets her sheep run wild through shots, her dog chews everything it can get its paws on-"

"She's got a dog?" When did she get a dog?

"She says it's a dog. I say it's part pony. The thing's huge and clumsy. Always knocking things over. Then as if that wasn't enough, one of the cameramen was chased by Ms. Donohue's damn bull."

All right, something was definitely wrong. Whatever else he could say or think about Maura, she was nothing if not meticulous about caring for her animals and the farm itself. She'd shown him the bull, and had warned him away even though the animal was an old one. "How'd the bull get out?"

"Damned if I know. One minute we're shooting the scene, the next minute, Davy Simpson's nearly flattened under the damn bull. Good thing Davy's fast on his feet."

"What is going on over there?" Frustration spiked with temper and twisted into an ugly knot inside him.

His mind raced with possibilities and none of them were flattering to the woman who'd signed his contract. Was she after more money? Was she trying to back out of the whole deal?

Too damn bad to either of those scenarios, he told himself. He had her signature on a legal document and he wasn't about to let her off any hook, nor was he going to be extorted for more money. Whatever she was up to, it seemed she'd gotten the whole village to back her play. What other reason would they have for acting as they were?

Well, it wasn't going to work.

Jefferson King didn't bow to pressure and he sure as hell didn't walk away from trouble.

"That's what I'd like to know," Harry muttered and the words were almost lost in the static of a bad connection. "The way you talked about this place, I thought it would be an easy shoot."

"It should've been," Jefferson insisted. "Everything was agreed on and besides, we've got a signed contract allowing you access to Maura's farm."

"Yeah, the production assistant tried to remind her of that the other day. Got the door slammed in his face."

"She can't do that," Jefferson told him.

"Uh-huh. I know that. You know that. I don't think she does. Or if she does, she doesn't care."

A hard punch of irritation shot through him again and this time it was brighter, fiercer. "She damn well should. She signed the contract willingly enough. And cashed the check. Nobody forced her to."

Harry huffed out a breath. "I'm telling you, Jefferson, unless things get straightened out around here soon, this shoot is going to go way over budget. Hell, even the weather's giving us a hard time. I've never seen so much rain."

This didn't make any sense. None of it. He'd thought everything was settled. Clearly, he'd been wrong. Looked like he was going to be heading back to County Mayo whether he had planned to or not. Time to have a little talk with a certain sheep farmer. Time to remind her that he had the law on his side and he wasn't leery about using it.

"All right," he said. "The rain I can't do anything about. But I'll take care of the rest of it."

"Yeah?" the director asked. "How?"

"I'll fly over there myself and get to the bottom of it." Something inside him stirred into life at the thought of seeing Maura again, though he wouldn't admit that, even to himself. This wasn't about his fling with Maura Donohue. This was about business. And she'd better have a damned good reason for being so uncooperative.

"Fine. Hurry."

Jefferson hung up, shouted for his assistant and grabbed his suit jacket out of the closet. He'd already scheduled a trip to Austria to meet with the owner of an ancient castle to talk about filming rights. He'd just work Ireland into the trip.

Shouldn't take long to fix whatever had gone wrong in Craic. He'd stay in the village, talk to everyone, then remind Maura that they had a damn deal. If she was playing games, they were going to stop.

Women were notoriously inconsistent, he reminded himself. God knew the actresses and agents he worked with could drive a man insane. Their moods could change with a whim and any man in the vicinity was liable to be flattened.

Besides, seeing Maura would probably be a good thing in the long run. Give him a chance to look at her without the haze of great sex as a filter. He'd see her for what she was. Just a woman he was doing business with. They could meet, talk, then part again and maybe then he'd stop being hounded by his own memories.

His assistant, Joan, an older woman with no-nonsense green eyes and a detail-oriented personality, hustled into the office.

"What's going on?" she asked.

"I'm going to need you to contact the airport. Tell the pilot we're making a pit stop in Ireland before we head to Austria."

"Sure, Ireland, Austria. Practically neighbors."

"Funny. Something's come up." He was already headed for the door. "I'm going by my house to pack. Tell the pilot I'll be there in two hours. Have the plane prepped and ready to go."

One of the perks of being a member of the King family was having King Jets at one's disposal. His cousin Jackson ran the company, renting out luxury planes to those who willingly paid outrageous amounts of money for comfort while traveling. But the King family always had the pick of the jets whenever they needed them. Which made all the travel Jefferson did for work a lot easier to take.

Because of that, he could be in the air before dinnertime and in Ireland for breakfast.

"I'll tell him," Joan said as he walked past her. "The jet will be ready. Should I fax you those papers on the McClane buyout while you're in the air or wait until you return?"

He thought about it for a moment, then shook his head. J. T. McClane was the owner of an actual ghost town just on the outskirts of the Mohave desert. Jefferson had the idea to do a modern-day western-gothic film set in what was left of that town. But the man had been dickering over the price for weeks. Wouldn't hurt to remind the man that King Studios was going to remain in charge of the negotiations.

"Just hang on to them until I get back," he said finally. "Won't hurt to make McClane sweat about this deal for a while."

Joan smiled. "Got it. And, boss..."

"Yeah?"

"Good luck."

Jefferson smiled and nodded as he left, and kept his thoughts to himself. No point in telling Joan that the only one who was going to need luck around here was Maura Donohue.

Chapter Five

Jefferson stopped in the village to book a room at the small inn that he'd stayed in on his last trip. He was jet-lagged, hungry and well past the breaking point. So when the innkeeper, Frances Boyle, was less than welcoming when she opened her bright red front door and gave him a grim glare, Jefferson's hackles went up.

"Well," she said, crossing her thick arms over a prodigious chest covered by a shawl the color of mustard. "If it isn't himself, come back to the scene of the crime."

"Crime?" One black eyebrow lifted. "Excuse me?"

"Hah! A fine time to be beggin' pardon and if it's pardon you're asking I'm not the one it should be aimed at."

He closed his eyes briefly. The older woman's brogue was so thick, and she spoke so quickly, he'd thought for a moment she was speaking Gaelic. Then her words sunk in and he realized he was being scolded as if he were a five-year-old who'd thrown a rock through her window.

"Mrs. Boyle," Jefferson said, gathering the reins on his simmering temper and trying for a charming smile. "I've just spent too many hours on a jet, then driven here from the airport in a rental car that blew a tire on the road and now-" he paused to toss a hard stare at the lowering gray sky "-I'm getting rained on. I'm happy to listen to whatever your complaints might be after you rent me a room so I can change clothes and get settled."

"Humph."

Her snort was caught between a snide laugh and a jolt of outrage. "Used to giving orders, aren't you? No doubt your lackeys jump to attention when you snarl. Well, I'm no one's lackey, boyo, and I've no time for the likes of you, Jefferson King."

Lackey? He didn't have lackeys.

"The likes of-" What the hell had happened to this place in a few short months? Had he stepped into an alternate universe? He pushed his wet hair out of his eyes, blinked the raindrops off his lashes and asked, "What did I do? I haven't even been here in months!"

She huffed out a breath. "So you haven't, when you should've been, I say. You're a sad disappointment to me, Mister King."

"Disappointment?" Seriously, he felt as though he needed a translator. It was as if the older woman was speaking in code. "What the hell is going on around here?"

"A decent man would already know the answer to that question." Her features were hard as stone and her normally placid eyes were glittering. The toe of her practical black shoe tapped against the linoleum. "And I don't appreciate you swearing at me in my own home."

"I'm not in your home," he pointed out, as a cold drop of rain sneaked underneath his shirt collar and rolled icily down his spine.

"And not likely to be any time soon, either."

So, he was getting a firsthand lesson in what his film crew had been experiencing. He couldn't understand this. When he'd been here the last time, Frances Boyle had been warm, funny, friendly. He wasn't used to being treated with outright disrespect.

But whatever her problem was with him, he'd deal with it later. All he wanted at the moment was a room, a change of clothes and a meal. Once he was warm, dry and fed, he knew he'd be in better shape to handle not only Mrs. Boyle, but anything else that awaited him in this picturesque village.

Then he'd be ready to head off to Maura's farmhouse to settle whatever bug she had up her-He cut that thought off abruptly and tried one last time. "Mrs. Boyle. I just need a room for a couple of days," he said tightly.

"A shame for you as I'm full up."

"Full? It's not even tourist season."

She sniffed and her voice was cold enough to drop frost on her words. "Be that as it may."

Then she closed the door on him with a sharp crack of sound. So much for charm. Fine. He'd just stop at a B and B somewhere along the road. As he recalled, there was one not far from Maura's farmhouse.

Still, it stung. Hardly the welcome he'd been expecting. Jefferson turned around on her porch and looked up and down the narrow Main Street of the village. It looked like a postcard, even in this miserable weather. Sidewalks were thin strips of cement that rose up and down as the road willed it. The shops were a rainbow of colors, and smoke drifted upward from chimneys to be caught by the ever-present wind. Doors were closed against the rain currently pummel-ing him and early-blooming flowers in pots bent with the water and wind.

Scraping one hand across his face, he stepped off the porch and headed for the Lion's Den pub. At least there, he'd be able to get a meal and something hot to drink. Then he'd face the rest of the drive to Maura's. As he jogged across the empty street, he told himself that Mrs. Boyle's attitude was probably just a case of women sticking together. He already knew Maura was angry about something and the innkeeper was just showing solidarity. God knew every female he'd ever known would be willing to take the side of a fellow woman against a man no matter what the argument might be.

Jefferson stepped into the warmth of the pub and paused a moment to enjoy the glow of the fire in the hearth and the rich scents of beer and some kind of stew simmering in the kitchen. Then he nodded vaguely at a couple of men seated at a table, before taking a spot at the bar for himself. He'd barely settled himself when Michael came out of the kitchen, took a look at Jefferson and came to a sudden stop. His wide, genial face flushed dark red and his blue eyes flashed with trouble.

"We're closed," he said.

Jefferson muffled a groan. This he hadn't expected at all and if he were to be honest about it, he could admit to himself that he felt a bit betrayed at the moment. He and Michael had become friends the last time he was here. And now, the look on the man's face said he'd happily plant one of his meaty fists on Jefferson's jaw.

"Closed?" Jefferson jerked a thumb in the direction of the two men, each sipping a freshly stacked Guinness beer. "What about them?"

"We're not closed to them, are we?"

"So, it's only me."

"I didn't say that." Michael picked up a pristine bar rag and idly polished a bar that already shone like a dark jewel in the overhead light.

"Yeah." Jefferson swallowed his anger because it wasn't going to do him any good here anyway. Until he knew exactly what he was accused of, he couldn't fight it.

He pushed off the stool, leaned both hands on the bar and met Michael's heated stare with one of his own. "When we first met, you struck me as a fair man, Michael," he said. "I'm sorry to be proven wrong."

The man inhaled so sharply, his barrel chest swelled up to massive proportions. "Aye and you struck me as a man to do his duty."

"Duty?" He threw both arms wide. "Is everyone in the village nuts all of a sudden? What're you talking about?"

Michael slapped the bar with his palm. "What I'm talking about is you being nothing more than a rich American taking what he wants and never paying a mind to his leavings."

Jefferson straightened up like someone had shoved a poker down the back of his shirt. He was trying to be reasonable here, but a man could only be pushed so far. "What leavings?"

"That's not for me to say but for you to know."

Great, he thought, disgusted. More code.

"Look, we obviously don't know each other as well as I thought, Michael," Jefferson told him, "so I'm going to let that insult go. But I can tell you I've never shirked my duty in my life-nor do I know anything about any 'leavings'-not that I owe you any explanations."

"Oh, on that you're spot-on," the big man muttered. "It's not me you're owin', Jefferson King."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"It's time you found out, don't you think?"

"And just who should I ask?" Even as he said the words though, he knew what the answer would be.

Sure enough, a moment later, Michael said, "Talk to Maura. She'll tell you or not as she pleases. But don't come into Craic looking for friends until you do."

The men at the table behind him muttered agreement, but Jefferson paid them no attention at all. Why was the town one step short of a mob threatening to tar and feather him?

And why was he still standing there when he knew where he could go to get some answers?

"Fine. I'm here to talk to Maura anyway. I'll settle this with her and then you and I are going to have a talk."

"I look forward to it."

He left the pub at a brisk walk and headed straight for his rental car. The rain pelted at him as if Heaven were throwing icy pebbles down just to elevate his misery. He felt the stares of dozens of people watching him as he went and realized that he'd fully expected to solve this problem with ease.

He'd had friends here, damn it. What could have happened to change that so completely? And why was Maura the key?

He fired up the engine and steered the small sports car down the narrow road leading out of town and toward Maura. It was time to get some answers.

The muddy track was familiar, and despite the carefully banked anger inside him, there was something else within, too. A curl of anticipation at the thought of seeing Maura again. He didn't want it. Had fought the very memory of her for months. But being here again fed the flames he'd been trying to extinguish.

Now wasn't the time for that, though. He wasn't here to indulge in his desire for a woman who'd made no secret of the fact that she wasn't interested. He wasn't going to walk blindly back down a path he'd already traveled.

Besides, he was wet, tired and just this side of miserable when he pulled the rental car into Maura's drive. Through the heavy mist and low-hanging clouds, the manor house sat like a beacon of light. Its whitewashed walls, dark green shutters and bright blue door belied the gray day and the jewel-colored flowers bursting from pots on either side of the door valiantly stood against an icy wind.

On the far side of the yard, three RVs, a tent and the equipment that made up a film shoot were staggered. People bustled about, though Jefferson knew the actors would be tucked inside their trailers, waiting out the weather. Between the rain and the delays caused by an uncooperative Maura and friends, Jefferson could practically hear money being flushed down the drain.

Frustrated with the entire situation, Jefferson opened the car door to a fresh wall of wet, and once he was standing on the sodden gravel drive slammed the door closed again.

Heads turned. Worker bees, the PA, Harry the director, all looked at him, but when Harry made to walk toward him, Jefferson held him back with one upraised hand. He wanted to talk to Maura before he got any more information.

"And she'd better have some damn answers," he muttered, soles of his shoes sliding on the wet gravel.

With anger churning in his gut, he started for the house. He didn't notice the charm of the place now. Paid no attention to the half-dozen or so spring lambs chasing each other through the fenced front yard.

He didn't even slow down when someone shouted a warning, so he was taken by surprise when a black dog as big as a small bear charged from the corner of the house and made straight for him.

"Jesus Christ!" Jefferson's shout of surprise was raw and hoarse, scraping from his throat loud enough to carry over the deranged barking filling the air.

Instantly, the front door flew open. Maura stepped into the rain and said sharply, "King!"

The dog skidded to a stop on the gravel, its momentum carrying it into Jefferson, who swayed, but held his ground against the heavy impact. Still startled, Jefferson looked down into a smiling dog face, complete with sharp black eyes and a tongue the size of a flag lolling out the side of its mouth.

The dog's huge head was waist high on Jefferson, and the dog had to weigh at least a hundred pounds.

"It is a pony," he said, remembering Harry's comment.

"Irish wolfhound," Maura told him, then added, "He meant no harm. He was only greeting you, as he's a baby yet and a poor judge of character."

He ground his back teeth together and shifted a look at her. "His name's King? You named him after me?"

Her mouth twisted into a brief sneer. "Aye, I did as he's a son of a bitch, as well."

Jefferson wasn't amused. He looked into her dark blue eyes and saw a river of emotions shining out at him. They were shifting, changing even as he watched, so that he wasn't sure if she was going to throw something at him or rush into his arms, however belatedly. A moment later, he had his answer.

"Why're you here?"

The music of her accent didn't soften her words any. She faced him down as the wind lifted her long black hair into a dance about her head. She was beautiful and stubborn and the most fascinating woman he'd ever known.

Because of her, he'd hopped a plane and flown thousands of miles only to be treated like a leper by people he'd considered friends.

"You mean, why am I standing in the rain in front of a hardheaded woman who isn't honoring the contract she signed?" He snapped the words out and noticed she didn't so much as flinch. "I've been asking myself the same thing."

"Your people are littering the street in front of my house at this very moment," she challenged, "so I'm thinking I'm honoring what was between us a good deal more than you have."

"You know," he said, shoving the monstrously huge dog off his legs so that he could stalk toward the porch. And her. "I've been back in Ireland about an hour and in that short amount of time, I've been rained on, had a flat tire, got mud in my shoes and been insulted by everyone I've spoken to. So I'm not in the mood to listen to more obscure references to what a bastard I am. If you've got a problem with me," he added, stopping just short of the porch, "then tell me what it is so I can fix it."

Her eyes narrowed on him. She crossed her arms over her chest, lifted her chin and said, "I'm pregnant. Fix that."

Chapter Six

She slammed the door an instant later.

Eyes wide, heart pounding in her chest, Maura leaned back against the door and tried to catch her breath. She shivered slightly and couldn't be sure if it was the bitter spring weather or the ice in Jefferson's pale blue eyes that had made her feel cold down to the bone. She only knew that seeing him again had shaken her. Shaken her so badly she couldn't afford to let him see it.

Bad enough he'd shown up on her doorstep without so much as a phone call in warning. "But then," she murmured aloud, "the man obviously doesn't know how to use a bloody phone now, does he, since I've been calling him for more than three months now with no success."

And yet here he was.

At her front door, looking half-drowned and furious with it and still so tempting everything in her wanted to shout for glee at seeing him again. Even though she knew better, Maura felt that familiar need for him rise up inside her. She should have been prepared for this. Somehow, she should have known.

Of course he'd come back to Ireland. If not to see her, then to check on his blasted movie people. Yet, even if she had expected to see him, she doubted she would have been prepared for the delicious licks of want and desire that swept through her with just a single look into the man's eyes.

"He had the right of it. He is a bastard." She leaned her head back against the closed door and waited for him to start pounding on it.

Jefferson wasn't the kind of man who'd hear the news she'd just delivered and then disappear as quickly as he could. Oh no, he'd be demanding entry in another moment or two. And then he'd be righteous and full of himself and expecting explanations and details.

Though she'd been trying for months to give him exactly that, right now, she was in no mind to speak with him at all.

Mostly because her stomach was still spinning from that first sight of him. And because her hands itched to slap or hold she wasn't sure which and mostly, because he was Jefferson.

God help her, it didn't seem to matter that she was furious with him. Her heart was still full of him and she couldn't seem to dig him out despite how hard she tried. Which only made her even more furious with herself than she was with him.

And who would have thought that possible?

A heartbeat later, several loud thuds came from right behind her head. She knew without looking out the window that he was using his fist to batter at her door. Her heartbeat quickened and low in her belly something stirred, buzzing awake feelings that had been lying fallow for weeks now. Like a limb waking from a deep sleep, there were pinpricks of awareness tingling across every inch of her skin.

"Damn it, Maura, open the door!"

She might have if he hadn't ordered her to. As it was, the anger she'd been carrying around for months suddenly swamped her and she pushed away from the door. "Go away, Jefferson!"

"Not gonna happen!" he shouted back. "Now, do we have this conversation loud enough for everyone to listen in or do we talk in private?"

Private.

That got her moving. She wasn't interested in having half of Hollywood listening in on her private business. Maura flung the door open and stepped back as Jefferson marched inside, followed by King, who promptly shook the rainwater off his coat and onto everything else.

"For heaven's sake," she muttered as the dog sprinted off the long hallway toward the kitchen and his bed.

Wiping water off her face, she stared up into Jefferson's eyes and almost took a step back from the glittering wrath shining there. Then she remembered just which of them had the right to be angry.

"You've nothing to be snippy about," she told him before he could speak.

"Snippy?" He pushed both hands through his wet hair, shrugged out of his suit jacket and tossed it onto the umbrella stand beside the door. His white dress shirt was soaked as well, clinging to the muscled contours of his chest and abdomen in a way that made Maura's mouth water, though she wouldn't have admitted it even with a knife to her throat.

"I'm way more than snippy," he told her. "What the hell do you mean you're pregnant?"

She forced herself to calmly close the front door before she turned to answer him. "Just how many things could I mean, do you think, Jefferson?" Oh, she'd imagined this scene too many times to count and the reactions she'd given him in her mind had been wide and varied. But in none of them had he looked as though someone had hit him over the head with a stick.

He was stunned, pure and simple, which told her flat out that no one had given him the countless messages she'd left over the last couple of months. Why did the man employ so many people if none of them could be trusted to pass on a message?

Her temper built steadily as she met his shocked gaze. "It's easy enough to understand. I'm pregnant. With child. Carrying. Bun in the oven." She tipped her head to one side. "Shall I draw you a picture?"

A tension-filled second or two ticked past, the only sounds in the house that of the rain battering at the windows and the wind whistling beneath the eaves. Finally, he spoke and his voice was tight with controlled emotion.

"If you think you're being funny, you're mistaken. And if you're really pregnant why the hell didn't you tell me?"

"Really pregnant?" She repeated the words, spitting them back at him. "Instead of only a bit pregnant, is that it?"

"That's not what I meant. Why didn't you tell me?"

"Hah! You've quite the nerve asking me that question, I'll say." She closed the space between them with two quick steps and poked her index finger against the center of his chest. "With me calling and calling that bloody studio of yours, leaving messages both long and short with that crowd of people standing between you and the public?"

"You called?"

"Repeatedly and I'll tell you now, the Pope would be easier to ring up."

"I never got any message from you," he said, pulling his tie off and opening the collar of his shirt.

Was that true? She wondered if she'd been wrong all this time. For weeks now, she'd been harboring a snarling fury toward him. She'd thought he'd been getting all of her messages and simply ignoring them. Choosing to distance himself from a woman he no longer wanted and a child he had no interest in. She'd thought him the lowest sort of man and she'd been hurt and furious with herself that she hadn't seen him originally for the snake he'd turned out to be.

Now...she had to rethink everything. She had to consider that perhaps he really hadn't known about the baby. And if that was true then what did it mean for all of them? Ah God, she needed time to think, without him standing within arm's reach of her and looking good enough to bite.

Irritated beyond measure, she snapped, "It's hardly my fault that you didn't get messages I left, now is it?"

He tossed the tie onto his suit jacket. "You're pregnant."

"As I've said."

Shaking his head, he looked as though he wanted to say something, but he bit the words back before they could escape. Instead, he swiped one hand across his face, stared at her as if he'd never seen her before, then muttered something under his breath that she didn't quite catch.

He took a few steps down the polished wood hallway, then stopped and turned around. "Does everyone in the village know about this?"

Maura sighed. It hadn't taken long at all for her secret to become public knowledge. "Nurse Doherty has ever had a flapping tongue."

"That means yes, I take it."

"It does."

"You ought to sue her," he mumbled. "Doctor-patient privilege."

She laughed shortly. "Isn't that just like an American? Lawsuits the answer to all problems? Well, what good would it do me to sue a woman who's known me since my mother was carrying me?" Maura sighed again and explained, "It wasn't Doc Rafferty who spilled the news. Trying to quiet Patty Doherty would be like holding back the tide by building a wall of sand."

She'd known the moment she left the doctor's office that fine day that within hours, word of her pregnancy would be spread across all of Craic. Not that she was ashamed of her situation. But if Maura had even guessed beforehand that she might be pregnant, she'd have visited a doctor in Westport, to keep her business her own.

"Are you well?" he asked quietly. "The baby?"

"We're both fine," she assured him.

And weren't they being civilized, Maura thought vaguely. Just two adults who'd made a child, standing in a dimly lit hall speaking to each other like strangers. The cold she'd felt earlier dropped into the freezing range.

When he'd first come to Ireland, there'd been heat. Heat that had burned bright and hot between them, ending in the inevitable. Now though, Maura thought that if he had looked at her then the way he was now, they wouldn't be in the position they were in.

It wasn't lust he was showing her now. It was...less and more at the same time. Confusing to both of them, no doubt.

All around them, a storm raged, yet here in the house where she'd lived her whole life, there was a stillness that ate at her nerves and chewed at the edges of her heart. Was he wondering what to do with her? How to keep his affair with a sheep farmer a secret from the press?

Why the devil wouldn't he say something?

"Must you just stand there staring at me as if I've grown two heads?"

He inhaled sharply. "It's a lot to take in."

"Oh, aye," she agreed. "What to do about Maura? Must be bloody difficult to think of the right thing to say."

He ignored that. "So, the reason the film crew's having so much trouble...the reason I couldn't get a room at the inn or a beer in the pub..." His voice trailed off, but Maura could see him thinking and knew from the expression on his face he didn't much care for what was in his mind.

"They're angry on my behalf," she told him, her voice soft, her words sharp. "Everyone in the village knows I'm pregnant and that you've done nothing about it."

"I-" He took a step toward her and stopped again. "How in the hell could I have done anything about it when you didn't bother to tell me?"

"I've already explained that I bloody well tried to tell you, didn't I?"

Maura stormed out of the hall into the main room. Through the bank of windows, she saw the gray skies, the green field where lambs played and the wide, pewter stretch of the lake. She didn't turn around to know he'd followed her into the room. She didn't have to. She would have sensed him even if she hadn't heard his footsteps.

"How hard did you try, Maura?" He grabbed her upper arm and turned her around to face him. "A man's got a right to know when he's going to be a father."

"Aye, he does. And along with that right," she countered, refusing to be cowed by the flash of indignation in his eyes, "comes a responsibility to return calls left so that he might discover what a body's trying to tell him."

"I never got any messages."

"So you say, though I left dozens. Maybe hundreds." Doubt crept in and battered at the anger she'd been carrying for weeks.

"With whom?"

"With anyone I could get on the phone, blast you!" She yanked free of his grasp and whipped her hair back behind her shoulders. "Mostly I called your office and never got past your secretary. Oh, she was polite and all and told me how nice it was that I wanted to stay in touch, but that you're a busy man and so I was to be sure and let her know if I had any problems in the future."

"Joan. Did you tell her about the baby?"

"I did. She congratulated me as nice as you please and said she was sure Mr. King would be happy for me. Happy for me." She folded her arms across her chest. "I assumed you wanted nothing to do with me or my child."

"Our child."

She nodded. "As you say. So when I heard nothing from you for weeks, I put you out of my mind entirely."

Liar, her brain screamed silently. He'd never been out of her thoughts. Or her dreams. Even with the hurt and disappointment and anger, she'd thought of him, remembered that night with him and torn herself up with regrets for what had been lost.

Blast if she'd let him know that, though.

"So it seems, Jefferson, that once your contract is signed, you've no need to be polite to those you've already won over."

"I can't believe Joan knew and didn't say anything."

"Get a lot of those messages, does she?" Stung, she snapped, "Believe me or not, it's your business to be sure."

"I don't mean I didn't believe you. I meant-" His voice trailed off. Shoving both hands into his pockets, he shook his head and said, "I've had people call after the contract was signed, trying to up the amount of money they agreed to. Or to get more out of me in other ways. Joan-my assistant-knows that and weeds out people she thinks might be causing trouble."

"Well, I might see how she could think that when, after the first few tries I made, I might have lost my temper with her..."

"Might have?" he asked, one corner of his mouth lifting.

"All right, did, but I had my reasons, didn't I?"

"Yeah, you did. She should have told me you called."

Jefferson blew out an unsteady breath. This was all happening so fast he could hardly think. He'd never even considered the possibility of leaving Maura pregnant. Which made him a complete ass. He hadn't worried about contraception-had just given himself over to the heat of the moment. Something he had never been careless about. But damn it, he couldn't be faulted for not acting on something he hadn't even known about.

The important thing to focus on was the fact that he was going to be a father.

Everything in him trembled. Not the kind of news a man got every day. Not hard to understand why his brain was having a tough time computing it all. He hadn't known. For four months, she'd been alone with this knowledge, thinking that he didn't care. Thinking he wanted nothing to do with her. No wonder she was spitting fire at him. Guilt roared up, took a bite of him, then Jefferson shoved it back down. Damned if he'd take the blame for something he hadn't even known about.

"I'll have a talk with Joan when I get back. Make it clear that I want to see all of my messages, not just the few she decides are worth my time." It infuriated him that Maura had been trying to get hold of him for months unsuccessfully. Still in his own defense, he said, "A lot of people call me, Maura."

"Women, I suppose," she said with a sneer. Yes, women, he thought, though there hadn't been any since he'd last been here. Hell, he hadn't been able to look at another woman without seeing dark blue eyes and a wide, luscious mouth. His thoughts had been with Maura even when he hadn't wanted it that way.

"I saw a picture of you in one of those celebrity magazines a month or so back. You looked very handsome in your splendid tuxedo with an empty-headed blond on your arm. Yes, you were very busy."

He enjoyed the scorn in her voice. "Jealous?"

She snorted. "Indeed not. Just observant."

That might be what she was telling herself, but he was glad to know she'd been keeping tabs on him anyway. "That was the lead actress in our latest movie. I escorted her to the premiere."

"Aye, she looked the 'escort' type."

He laughed shortly. "It's my job, Maura."

"And you do it so well," she told him, dropping into a chair that looked worn and comfortable.

In fact, the whole house looked cozy, he thought, giving the room a quick going over. It had stood there for centuries and the interior of the farmhouse had the softly shabby look that spoke not of neglect, but comfort. Familiarity.

He stood over her. "You're taking shots at me. I get that. My point, though, was that a lot of people leave messages for me. It's not that surprising that yours got lost or misdirected or-" He threw his hands up in frustration.

"And how many of those messages were from women telling you they're pregnant?" She glared up at him with sparks flashing in her eyes. "Because if there's a line of us, you can tell me now, Jefferson. I won't be part of your herd. And my child won't be one of dozens of your bastards."

"Stop it." He leaned down, planting both hands on the arms of the chair, caging her neatly. The scent of her drifted to him and he inhaled it deeply. God, he'd missed her more than he'd wanted to admit, even to himself. Now, her eyes were wild with rage, but there was hurt there, too, and that bothered him.

"There's no one else. I don't have any other children. I didn't know about your pregnancy. If I had, I would have been here. Would have talked to you. Done-"

"What?" she asked, a little less battle-ready now. "What would you have done?"

"I don't know. Something."

She looked up into his eyes for a long second or two, then finally nodded. "I believe you. You didn't get the messages. You didn't know."

"Thanks for that, anyway." He pushed up and off the chair and moved away from her.

He was going to be a father. A hard thing for a man to consider. To accept. There was anticipation inside him, even excitement. But there was also uncertainty. He had to make plans. They had to make plans. Hell, he didn't even know where to start.

"Now I know how Justice felt," he mumbled.

"Justice?"

"My brother. The one on the ranch." He glanced at her and gave her a wry smile. "His wife, Maggie, didn't tell him they'd had a son together until Jonas was six months old."

"Why not?"

"Because she thought Justice wouldn't believe her." To stop her from asking why again, he said, "It's a long story. The point is, at the time, I thought Justice overreacted to what Maggie had done. He was furious with her and I thought he should just get over it, deal with the new reality. But now I get it."

"Is that right? So now you're furious, are you? Well, join the club."

"No." He laughed out loud, enjoying her mercurial nature. Had there ever been another woman like her? Smiling one minute and fierce the next. She was a tangled web of emotions that a man had to be crazy to want to explore. Well, sign him up to be committed. "I'm not furious. Just...wondering where the hell we go from here, that's all."

"Well then, when you're finished doing your wondering, you know where to find me, don't you?" She stood up out of the chair and headed for the bank of windows overlooking the front yard.

"Maura, I'm not leaving until we settle this."

"I don't want you here."

"Too bad." She could push him away all she liked, he was going nowhere until he was good and ready. And that wasn't going to happen anytime soon. "I'm staying until we figure this out."

"There's nothing to figure out." She looked at him briefly over her shoulder before turning her face back to the window and the view beyond. "I'm pregnant. You're not. Go home."

"No."

She lifted one hand and laid her palm on the rain-streaked pane. "Tell your movie people they'll have no more trouble from me or the village. I'll see to it."

"Thanks. That takes care of one problem."

She stiffened. "I'm not a problem, and neither is my child."

"I didn't say that, either." God, she was a minefield and he was walking through it blindfolded.

"You might as well have. It's in your mind. Your heart."

"So you read minds now, too?"

"Yours is easy enough," she told him.

He caught her reflection in the glass and hated that her eyes were shining with unshed tears. He realized he'd never seen Maura cry and he damned well didn't care for the fact that he was behind those tears now.

"Go away," she said softly. "Please."

Jefferson heard the click of nails on wood, so wasn't surprised when her huge black dog entered the room and walked toward her. Automatically, she dropped one hand to the dog's head and stroked her fingers through its fur. The two of them looked like a painting together.

At the moment, Jefferson thought, there was no place for him there. Maura had drawn a line to close him out. Maybe he couldn't blame her.

That didn't mean he was going to let this go, though, and she'd better get used to that idea real fast. But for now, he'd leave, gather his forces and come back when he had things settled in his mind. He knew what needed to be done. From the moment he first heard about the baby, he'd known.

But he needed time to work out the details.

Then he'd be back and Maura Donohue would see that a King never walked away from his responsibilities.

With that thought in mind, he turned to leave, as she'd asked him to. Before he walked out of the room, though, he promised, "This isn't over, Maura."

Chapter Seven

A few hours later, Cara asked, "Then what did he do?"

"He left." Maura lifted a week-old lamb, cradled it against her chest, then held a baby bottle out for it. Instantly, the tiny, black-and-white creature latched on to the rubber nipple and began tugging at it. Maura smiled even as she tried to ignore her sister's interrogation.

Naturally, Cara wouldn't leave the thing alone even when Maura insisted she didn't want to speak about it. The only thing she could do now was hope to finish the conversation as quickly as possible.

"He just left? He didn't propose?"

Maura laughed at that notion, more to cover up her own disappointment than anything else. Until that very afternoon, she'd had dreams. Fantasies you might say, during the weeks when she was trying so futilely to get hold of the Great One himself. She'd imagined him going down on bended knee, here in this very barn. She'd pictured him proposing and, in her frustration with his ignoring her or so she'd thought, she'd pictured herself telling him no. After all, he'd been ignoring her for months, so she'd imagined the stunned surprise on his face as she told him what he could do with his belated proposal.

Then he'd shattered that lovely dream by not even bothering to give her a duty proposal. She frowned to herself and realized just how hard it was to love a man who had no idea how she felt.

"No," she said tightly. "He didn't propose and it's not likely to happen anytime soon."

"Why ever not?" Cara wanted to know. "He's given you a baby, the least he can do is make you a wife."

Maura chuckled in spite of the situation. "You know, for someone who claims to be a very modern woman of the world, you sounded remarkably like an old grandmother just then."

Cara frowned. "Being modern is one thing. Watching my sister be a single mother is another altogether. Besides, Maura, you love him."

Maura's gaze snapped to her sister, who was looking tired and near half-asleep. And why shouldn't she? Cara was balancing a waitressing job in Westport while coming back to the farm nearly every day to film her small role in Jefferson's movie. Her sister was smart, talented and far too knowing about some things.

"I'll thank you to keep that piece of news to yourself," Maura told her. "Besides, I'll not have his pity and that's all it would be if he pretended to love me now. Or worse yet, if he were appalled at the notion. So mind your tongue, Cara."

Clearly insulted, Cara drew her head back as if she'd been slapped. "As if you need tell me. I'm your sister, aren't I? Would I side with a Yank against my own blood?"

Mollified a bit, Maura nodded and put her attention back to the task at hand. She could learn to forget him, she told herself. She would content herself in the future with her farm and her child and one day, the man she loved would be no more than a fond memory she indulged in on lonely nights. For now though, Jefferson had work and so did she. And hers, she thought, was more pressing than contracts or actors or the placement of a camera.

She had a total of six lambs so far this season who needed to be hand-fed. There were two pens holding the little ones, who snuggled together to sleep in a pile beneath heat lamps that kept the spring chill away. A few had been abandoned by their mothers for whatever reason a sheep might deem reasonable. Happened every year, a ewe would give birth and simply stroll away from the lamb, ignoring its bleating calls.

The others were simply too small to be left alone with their mothers, so the ewes were penned nearby so the lambs could nurse as well as get extra nutrition from a baby bottle. The tiny, warm bodies were a constant wonder to Maura. They were so small, so helpless when new that it was difficult to remain detached, as she must. Since most of the lambs would be sold off and-

"You should be the one to tell him at any rate," Cara said and reached for one of the lambs. Grabbing up an extra bottle, she cuddled the pure white baby and smiled at the hungry sounds it made as it fed.

Her sister might have her sights set on acting, but Cara was born and bred a farm girl and knew what needed doing without being told. And for a few minutes, the two sisters enjoyed the stillness. Outside, the storm had passed, leaving only the sound of water dripping from the roof edges and the ever-present wind rattling the shingles.

"He's staying in one of the trailers, you know."

"What?" Startled, Maura looked her sister in the eye.

"I said, Jefferson is staying in one of the trailers."

Maura threw a look at the closed barn doors as if she could see through them to the yard outside. "You mean now? He's living out there? In the street?"

"In one of the trailers, yes." Cara smiled and stroked the lamb as she fed it. "Everyone else left hours ago, headed off to the B and B and some into Westport. But Jefferson is staying here. Said he wanted to be close. Why's that, do you think?"

She didn't know. And couldn't guess. Oh, she didn't like that. She'd hoped he'd be off to the city and give her some breathing room. How was she supposed to relax into her routine if she knew he was less than a hundred feet from her own front door? Her insides were fluttering and she knew it wasn't the baby moving as that hadn't happened yet. No, it was her child's father setting off swarms of butterflies in the pit of her belly.

"He can't stay there."

"Of course he can." Cara tipped her head to one side and studied her older sister. "They're his trailers, after all. And you did give him leave to park them there."

"Not to live in!"

Cara laughed. "Look at you. Just knowing he's close by has put color in your cheeks and a shine in your eyes."

"That's just anger is all."

"It's not, no," her sister said. "Honestly, Maura, must you be so stubborn at all times? You're flushed over him and you say you don't want him? You're having his baby, for goodness' sake. Why shouldn't you be married to the man?"

"She will be."

Both women jolted at the sound of the deep voice. They turned as one and stared at Jefferson as he stepped into the warm barn and closed the door behind him. He wore black jeans, a dark red pullover sweatshirt and heavy black boots that were as scuffed as the floor of the barn. His hair was windblown across his forehead and his mouth was a firm, grim line. The overhead lights were harsh and bright and cast unforgiving shadows over his face until he looked like some pirate with danger on his mind.

Maura's heart did a slow roll in her chest and a deep, throbbing ache set up shop low in her body. Would he always have this kind of effect on her?

"She will be what?" Cara asked.

"I said, your sister will be marrying me." Jefferson walked toward them, sidling past idle machinery and stacks of baled hay on one side of the barn. As he neared the closed-off area, one of the ewes scuttled nervously in her pen. He looked at all of the animals crowded together, then shifted his gaze back to Maura. "As soon as we can manage it."

Amazing how quickly fire could turn to ice. Here then was her "proposal." A demand from a man who clearly expected her to jump through hoops when ordered to.

"No, I'm not," Maura told him, wishing the barn were bigger. Wishing she were back in the house behind locked doors. Wishing Jefferson had never returned to Ireland. What a sorry mess.

If he thought that was a proposal, he was sorely lacking. Step into her barn and issue commands as though he actually were a king. Was he so full of himself that he expected her to fall in line with whatever he wanted? Did he really think her such an easy woman as all that?

It didn't matter, really, Maura told herself. His decisions would have no impact on her. And though her heart was galloping in her chest, she wouldn't be saying yes. She wouldn't have a man who didn't love her and she knew bloody well Jefferson King was not in love.

"Argue if it makes you feel better." Jefferson looked down at her, their eyes locked and she read pure determination in those pale blue depths. For all the good it would do him.

"And you make all the decisions you like," Maura countered briskly. "It appears you enjoy doing it no matter that nothing will come of it."

"It's all arranged." He sniffed at the mingled scents of hay and wet sheep. "Or it will be soon. My assistant's taking care of the details, but with the time difference, it'll probably take a couple of days."

"What exactly," Cara asked, when it became clear Maura had no intention of asking the question herself, "is it that your assistant is so busily arranging?"

"A marriage license, a venue." His gaze fixed on Maura. "I told Joan I thought you'd prefer to be married in the village church, but we can change that if you'd rather. Westport maybe? Dublin? Hell, we can wait and get married in Hollywood if you want."

"Hollywood?" Cara asked, saying the word a bit wistfully.

"Doesn't matter to me," Jefferson said. "As long as we get married, I don't care where we do it."

"How very thoughtful," Maura managed to choke out.

"It's not thoughtful," he countered. "It's expedient."

"And quite romantic," Maura sniped. "Why, my heart's just weeping with the joy of it all."

"This isn't about romance," he said.

"That'd be plain to a blind man."

"It's about what's right."

"Oh, and I suppose you're the one to be deciding what right is?"

"Someone has to," he said with a barely restrained snarl.

"Well then," Cara announced, effectively interrupting the argument, "I can see you two have a lot to talk about, so I'll be going, shall I?"

Maura jolted. She didn't want to be alone with Jefferson. Not now. Not yet. "Don't you dare leave this barn, Cara..."

Giving her a wink, her sister stood up, handed the lamb and its bottle to Jefferson and announced, "I wish you luck in your dealings with my sister. She can be a bit hardheaded, as I'm sure you've noticed."

"So much for family loyalty," Maura murmured.

Cara ignored her and spoke only to Jefferson. "Mind though, make her cry and I'll make your life a living misery."

"Fair warning," Jefferson said with a nod as he settled the lamb more comfortably against him.

"Good."

"Cara, blast you for a traitor, don't you leave me here with him-"

"I'll take myself off back to Westport," Cara said, lifting her voice to carry over Maura's. "I'll stay with Mary Dooley again since I've an early shift at the cafe tomorrow anyway. You two have a good night," she added, then looked at Jefferson. "Mind the lamb drinks the whole bottle now."

She was gone a moment later and the only sounds in the barn were those made by the restive sheep.

"I've never fed a lamb before," Jefferson said, taking a seat on an upturned crate. He looked down at the small animal in his arms and added, "I've hand-fed calves though. Shouldn't be too different, though if you tell Justice I said that, I'll deny it."

Maura swallowed hard, then realized her lamb was through feeding. She set him down in the pen, reached for the next one and began the process over again. They were too intimate here. Too crowded together in too small a space. She couldn't draw a breath without taking in the scent of him. It was fogging her mind, but not so much that she'd give way to a bully trying to force his decisions on her.

"There's no reason for you to stay," she said.

"I'm helping," he told her.

"I don't need your help just as I don't need to be told I'm getting married."

"Apparently," he said, "you do."

"I won't marry you."

"Why the hell not?" He lifted his eyes from the lamb, who was feeding as if it were the last bit of milk it might ever see. "It's the right thing to do and you know it. You're pregnant with my child. In my family, kids have parents who are married. Besides, my child is going to carry my name."

"So this is nothing to do with me," Maura argued. "It's all what you think should be done. Your rights. Your responsibility. Your child. Well go and have your marriage. Just don't expect me to participate."

"If you'll quit being so damn stubborn about this, you could think rationally. For the sake of the baby we made, we have to get married. Our kid deserves two parents."

"And he'll have them."

"He?" Jefferson asked.

She sighed. "No, I don't know what sex the baby is and don't want to know."

"Good," he said with a nod. "I like the surprise, too."

A part of her melted at that until she reminded herself that a man who cared for his child wouldn't necessarily care for the child's mother. This was all wrong. All of it. It broke her heart, but damned if she'd sentence either of them to a life without love.

"Do you really think I'll marry you because you think you owe me your protection?" She shook her head and scoffed at the notion. "I'm a grown woman. And this isn't the nineteenth century, Jefferson. Even in Ireland a woman alone can raise her child in peace. And the name Donohue will suit my child nicely."

"Our child," he corrected, "and there's no reason for you to be alone. I accept my responsibilities, Maura."

"Well, don't I feel warm and treasured. A responsibility. Surely that's a word every woman longs to hear from a man."

"Not five hours ago, you were pissed at me because I wasn't taking responsibility. Now I am."

"I don't want you to."

"That's a shame."

The ewes scuttled uneasily in their pens again as if picking up on the tension in the air.

"And," he continued, "once we're married, I'll take you back to Los Angeles. Buy you a big house in Beverly Hills."

That gave her a start. For all her idle dreams of proposals, she'd never once considered leaving the home she loved. But of course he wouldn't want to stay here. He had a life and a business in the States. She suddenly felt bereft for a dream that hadn't had a chance to come true in the first place. "I've a home right here."

"You can sell the farm," he said offhandedly. "You won't have to work so hard anymore. You can sleep in instead of running out in all weather taking care of sheep. You can have a life of luxury. Do whatever you want to do. Travel. Shop."

He seemed so pleased with himself. Didn't he hear how empty the life he described sounded? If she didn't have her farm, her work, who would she be?

"So I'm to give up my home," she said, her voice low, soft, barely making more than a hush in the quiet. "Sell the land my family's worked for generations. And then I'm to go off to Hollywood and spend your money. Is that it? Is that the life you've planned for me?"

Something in her tone warned him. Wary now, Jefferson watched her as she gently set the lamb down in the pen beside her and just as carefully picked up the last one. Her features were blank, but her eyes were glittering darkly.

Jefferson didn't see the problem. He was offering her the kind of life thousands of women would kill for. But maybe it would just take her a minute to see the beauty of it. So he gave her an easy smile and painted an even rosier-to his mind-picture than he had before. "Think about it, Maura. Lazy days sitting by a pool. Going out to lunch with your friends. Having time to play with the baby as much as you want. As my wife, you won't be expected to work every day. You can take it easy for the first time in your life."

"Take it easy. Just live to serve you, is that it?" she asked, tenderly stroking the head of the lamb suckling at the bottle she held.

In the glare of the lights, her features were in sharp relief. She looked calm, which Jefferson knew was a lie. Her eyes were bright and a flush of color filled her cheeks. No matter how tranquil she might appear, she was reining in a temper he'd seen in full force before, up close and personal.

"I don't know what you're getting all worked up over. You're not going to be serving me, for God's sake," he said, wondering why she couldn't see the simple beauty in his plan. "Maura, you're deliberately putting words in my mouth and making this harder than it has to be."

"Oh, am I? So selling my farm, my home should be easy? Leaving the life I love, my friends, my family, my country, should be a lark?" She shook her head and kept her voice low, not for his sake, he knew, but for the sake of the baby animal she held in her arms. "I'm sorry to tell you, but I've no interest at all in moving to Hollywood, with you or without you. And I can tell you now, you won't be after changing my mind about this no matter what you have your assistant 'arrange.'"

He put a lid on the frustration beginning to churn inside him. It wouldn't help a thing to just hammer back at her. Instead, he had to try to smooth her into seeing things his way. "Just think about it, all right? Before you dismiss it out of hand. You can pick out whichever house you want. It doesn't have to be in the city. We can buy something in the mountains. With some land. Whatever you want. I'll even buy you some sheep if you want and you can hire someone to do the work. I can make your life a hell of a lot easier than it's been so far. What's so wrong with that?"

Silently, he congratulated himself on being able to lay the facts out so tidily. Surely she'd see now exactly what kind of life he could offer her.

"This is how you think to convince me?" she asked, shaking her head in disappointment as she looked at him. "Am I supposed to be impressed with your station?"

"My what?" Confusion bloomed in his mind.

"You use your money so easily. Are people so eager to be purchased by you that you expect it from everyone?"

"Purchased?" he echoed. "I'm not trying to buy you, Maura, I'm trying to give you-"

"Is your life so much better than mine?" she demanded, interrupting him as she put the lamb back in the pen and stood up. "Is this the prince offering the pauper a peek at the finer things in life? Should I be awed? Grateful? Is that it?"

"Prince? Where'd you get that?" This really wasn't going at all well and damned if he could figure out how he'd blown it. But looking into dark blue eyes that were flashing with insult and anger, he knew he had.

"You're speaking to me as you would to a child you're offering a special treat. You with your money and your fine houses and your jets. Did you really think I'd be pleased to have you swoop in and throw money at me?" She lifted the lamb from his arms, returned it to the pen with the others, then snatched the empty baby bottle from him. "Well, I'm not. My life is just exactly that. My life. I don't care two spits about your money, just so you know. If you put a torch to it, I wouldn't so much as warm myself by the blaze."

Completely baffled, he only stared at her. "How did this get to be about money?"

"You started it, with your list of temptations, thinking to seduce me away from the home I love." Her eyes were wide and bright and her mouth was set into a furious line. "You with your fine education, pretty suits and private jets. Like all rich men, you wield power however it suits you no matter who is in the way. You've no idea at all how real people live, do you?"

"Real people?" That was enough. He stood up and looked down at her. "I don't have a damn clue what you're talking about. I'm trying to do the right thing here. The right thing for you and the baby."

"And I'm to fall in line, am I?"

"This is crazy," he said and grabbed her shoulders, holding her still when she would have bolted. "You're not going to make me feel guilty for offering to give you and my child a better life."

"And who's to say which life is better? You, I suppose?"

"Not better," he corrected. "Easier."

"The easy way isn't always the best way. When I marry, if I marry, it'll be for love, Jefferson King-and I've not heard that word out of you."

He let her go as if his fingers had been burned. "This isn't about love."

"And that's my point."

He pushed his hand through his hair, then scrubbed that hand across the back of his neck. Finally, when he'd eased the tension in his own chest, he looked at her and said softly, "We weren't in love when we made that child. Why do we need to be in love to raise it?"

She pulled in a slow, deep breath then let it slide from her lungs. "What we shared, neither of us thought to be a permanent thing. It was heat and passion and want. Raising a child is more than that, Jefferson, as well you know."

"There was more to that night than simple desire and you know that."

A long minute slipped past before she nodded. "I do, yes. There was caring between us, I admit that. But affection isn't love."

He couldn't give her what she wanted. He'd done love once before and when it ended, he'd sworn off. Love wasn't in his future plans. Wasn't even on his horizon. Yes, he felt something for Maura, but it wasn't love. He'd been in love before and what was now crowded in his chest, squeezing his heart, was nothing like he'd felt back then.

"There's nothing wrong with affection, Maura. Plenty of marriages have started with less."

"Mine won't," she said simply. Then she squared her shoulders and looked him dead in the eye. "You've done your duty, Jefferson King. You can go back to your life knowing you tried to do the right thing. But I tell you here and now, I won't be marrying you."

Chapter Eight

Two days later, Maura felt like a caged animal. Oh, she had the run of the farm, but she remained under the watchful eye of Jefferson King. He was everywhere she turned. She hadn't had a moment to herself since he'd arrived during the last storm. If she stepped outside the house, there he was. If she was feeding the lambs, he turned up to help. If she walked into the village, he went with her.

She'd reached the point now where she was looking for him, expecting him. Blast the man, that had most likely been his plan all along.

Though she'd set the village to rights and her friends and neighbors had once again opened their businesses to the film crew, Jefferson remained in the trailer parked outside her home. He didn't go back to the inn. Didn't move to a comfortable hotel. Oh, no. He stayed in that too-small trailer so that he could badger Maura and tell her what their future was going to be, like it or not.

"What kind of world is it when a woman has to sneak out of her own house?" she murmured to herself as she quietly closed the back door, wincing at the click of the door shutting. All she wanted was some time alone. To think. To feel sorry for herself. To do a little damn whining in private. Was that too much to ask?

Being around Jefferson was wearing on her. Love for him was caught up in her chest and strangling her with the effort to express itself. But how could she profess her love for a man who thought "affection" was enough to build a life on?

She snapped her fingers for King and the dog came running. He sprinted past her, out into the fields behind the farmhouse, chasing his own imagination and the rabbits he continually hoped to find. Maura only smiled. She'd made it. Gotten clean away and so she took a deep breath of the chill spring air. It was a fine day, and no sign of another storm yet, though she knew the good weather wouldn't last. But while it did, she wanted to be outside, with the sunshine spilling down on her and the soft wind blowing through her hair.

And as she walked, she asked herself if she could really have given up this life. Her gaze followed the sweep and roll of the green hills and fields. Stone fences and trees twisted by wind and storm stood as monuments to the only life she'd ever known. Could she have walked away?

If Jefferson had actually meant that proposal. If there had been love rather than duty prompting it. Could she have sold her farm, moved thousands of miles away and given up the cool, clear beauty of the fields for the tangled crush of people?

The answer, of course, was yes. For love, she would have tried it. She might not have sold the farm, but she could have leased the land to a nearby farmer. She could have come back to visit, though the thought of leaving tore at her heart enough to make her stagger a bit. Yes. For love she would have made the effort.

For affection, she would not.

"Are you all right?" a too-familiar deep voice called out from behind her.

She sighed. So she hadn't escaped after all.

Maura didn't turn, didn't slow down, just shouted, "I'm fine, Jefferson, just as I was the last time you asked that question an hour ago."

He caught up with her in a moment's time, her much-shorter legs no match for his long strides. Falling into step beside her, he tucked his hands into the pockets of his jeans and lifted his face to the sun. "Feels good to actually see sunlight for a change."

"Spring's a stormy season," she muttered and told her jittery stomach to calm down. Much to her own chagrin, it wasn't just his constant presence that was making her feel trapped. It was her body's, her heart's reaction to him that was eating away at her.

Even now, her heartbeat was quickening. Being near Jefferson set her blood to boiling and her nerves dancing. His scent. His voice. His nearness. All combined to make her want with an ache she knew would never really leave her.

And to have him always close by was nothing less than torture.

"Where are you off to?"

"Just a walk," she told him with a wave. "Up to the ruins and back."

"That's at least a mile," he pointed out.

"At least." She glanced up at him and smiled at the concerned frown she saw on his face. "I'm used to the exercise, Jefferson. And I don't need a bodyguard here on my own land."

He grinned suddenly. "But I enjoy guarding your body."

She flushed as he'd meant her to and the nerves already scampering through her system went on a rampage. It was probably hormones, she thought. She'd always heard that pregnant women were needier than usual. So it wasn't entirely her fault that at the moment she wanted nothing more than to feel his arms come around her. To have him roll the two of them to the sweet-smelling grass and bury himself inside her.

She took a shallow breath. No. Not her fault at all.

"Shouldn't you be working with your people?" she asked, hoping against hope to convince him to stay at the farm.

"The director knows what he's doing. I don't butt in on his job."

"But you're comfortable butting into mine," she said, smiling to take the sting out of the words.

"You're not working. You're walking."

"You're an impossible man, Jefferson King."

"So I've been told." He bent down, broke off the stem of a wild daffodil and held it out to her.

Charmed in spite of herself, Maura took it and twirled the dainty flower in her fingers. "How long are you staying in Ireland?"

"Eager to see me go?"

No. Of course she didn't say what she was thinking. "There's no real need for you to stay."

"I say there is." He stopped, turned her to face him and deliberately let his gaze slide down to her belly.

He couldn't see the small bump because she was wearing one of her thick Irish sweaters. But she felt him watching her, and felt the possession in that steady gaze and it thrilled her. In some elemental part of her heart and soul, Maura loved the way he looked at her. At the child they'd made.

But even as she admitted that, she had to also admit that it meant nothing. He was concerned for her and their baby. But he didn't love them.

Need without love was an empty thing she wanted no part of. Especially now that she had more than just her own feelings to think of.

"Don't you have work to do, Jefferson? Worlds to buy, movies to make?"

He grinned again and the sudden sweep of emotion on his face was another staggering blow to a woman already distinctly off balance.

"I've been working."

"In your trailer?" She started walking again and looked into the distance for King. She spotted him then, a black blur, racing across the open fields, and she smiled.

"With technology, I could work in a tent," Jefferson told her. "All I really need is a computer, a satellite phone with Internet and a fax machine, which I'm going to be buying today in Westport. You won't mind if I connect it in your house, will you?"

"I don't know if that's a good idea-"

"Good, thanks."

She muttered something under her breath about him being far more stubborn than she could ever hope to be. But a part of her relished what he was doing. Though she had no intention of being nothing more than a problem for Jefferson to solve, it salved her pride some to have him working so hard to persuade her.

"So, how'd the bull get out?"

His question brought a quick stop to her thoughts and it took her a second to realize what he was talking about. She cringed slightly, remembering. "Oh. You heard about that, did you?"

"Davy Simpson's still telling the story," Jefferson said, his grin spreading. "And with every telling, he runs a little faster, the bull gets bigger and meaner and the danger is more desperate."

Maura laughed at the image. "He sounds Irish. We love nothing more than a good storyteller."

"Uh-huh. The bull, Maura. Did you turn it loose on purpose?"

"Of course not!" She might have thought about it, but she never would have done it. In fact, she'd been terrified when the bull escaped, worried that it might actually hurt someone. "No, 'twas an accident entirely. I had Tim Daley in to help me that day. Tim's but sixteen and his mind is forever wandering to Noreen Muldoon."

"I know what that's like," he muttered.

"What was that?"

"Nothing," he said. "Go on."

"There's not much more to the tale. After feeding the bull, Tim, with his mind still on Noreen, forgot to latch the gate behind him and..." She shrugged. "It was an accident, and thankfully no one was hurt. Took me more than an hour to get the bull set away again."

"You put the bull away?" He goggled at her.

"And who else?" she asked. "'Tis my bull, after all."

"Your bull." He dropped his head forward, chin to chest, as he sighed.

"Aye, and his escape was a mistake, though I'll admit that the sheep running mad through your set was not."

He lifted his eyes to her. "That doesn't surprise me."

"I was angry. You were ignoring me."

King bulleted back to them through the grass, gave a happy bark, then spun around and took off again.

"You had a right to be angry," Jefferson said, "but now you're being stubborn just to spite me."

She stopped in the field, with wild daffodils blooming all around her. The sky was a soft blue, with clouds scudding its surface like sailing ships on a placid sea. The wind blew and the grass danced and in the distance, King barked, delighted with his life.

"Is that what you think?" she asked, turning her face up to his so that their eyes met and there could be no secrets between them on this. "Do you believe I'd punish you, myself, my baby all for the sake of spite?"

"Wouldn't you?"

"You don't know me as well as you think, Jefferson, if you believe me capable of that." She plucked windblown hair out of her eyes and stared at him. "I'm doing what's best. For all of us. I won't be a pity wife."

He gaped at her. "Pity wife? Where the hell did that come from?"

She smiled and shook her head. "We both know you've no interest in acquiring a wife. It's the baby worrying you and that speaks well of you. But marrying me is nothing more than feeling sorry for what you see as my 'difficult position.'"

"It's not pity," he told her. "It's concern. For you and our child."

"Doesn't really matter. I won't leave my home, Jefferson, and try to make myself into the kind of person who would belong in your world. Can't you see it would never work?"

Instinctively, she reached out, laid one hand on his chest and felt the pounding of his heart beneath her palm. "I don't belong in your world any more than you do in mine. We'd make each other miserable inside a year and that would be a punishment on a child who deserves only love."

"That's a great speech, Maura," he said and caught her hand in his. "But it's bull and you know it. This isn't about you not belonging in Hollywood. You know damn well that you'd fit in anywhere if you made your mind up to it."

She flushed and tried to pull free of his grip.

"This isn't about us, anyway. This is about our baby. I won't be an absentee father, Maura." His fingers folded around her hand, holding it fast. "I won't see my own child once a month or for summer vacations."

Clouds covered the sun and the wind sharpened.

"I'm not leaving, Maura. I'm not going to walk away so you'd better get used to the idea of having me around."

"It'll do you no good, Jefferson. I won't change my mind."

"Don't be so sure," he told her with assurance, "and don't say anything you'll have to take back later. It'll only make it that much harder on you."

Astonished at his raw nerve, she said, "You've an ego the size of the moon."

"It's called confidence, babe," he said with a smile that softened his words. Then he bent his head to hers and whispered, "And confidence comes from always getting what I want. Trust me when I say, I will have you, Maura. Just where I want you."

Aggravated with him and furious at the way her body was humming with a near-electrical charge, she said, "Why you miserable, softheaded-"

He cut off her diatribe with a kiss that stole her breath, fogged her mind and sent her body sliding away into a sort of dazed confusion. His tongue tangled with hers and Maura groaned at the invasion. It had been too long. Too many empty nights had passed. Too many dreams of him had haunted her.

She surrendered to what she'd missed so sorely. It didn't mean she was changing her mind. It only meant that sometimes, a bit of what you wanted was better than nothing at all.

She wrapped her arms around his neck and gave herself up to the taste of him. The feel of him pressed against her. She'd longed for this. Dreamed of this. And now that it was here, she didn't care if it was only making the situation more difficult. For this one brief moment, she would have him in her arms.

A heartbeat later, though, they jolted apart, with each of them staring down at the slight curve of her belly.

"Did you feel that?" she asked.

"I felt...something." Awed now, Jefferson came closer, laid one hand on her abdomen and Maura covered his hand with her own. She'd thought it was too soon to feel the baby move. But the doctor had told her it would be any day now and that she'd know it when it happened.

And so she had.

A flutter, then a twitch as if her child had wanted to make its presence known while both of its parents were handy. Maura was thrilled, and, looking at Jefferson, she could see he felt the same. It was magic, pure and simple. Life stirring. A life they'd created. What a gift it was to be able to share this moment with the man who'd given her the child. And how sad for each of them that they wouldn't share more.

"It's not moving anymore," Jefferson said in a worried hush. "Why did it stop? Is everything all right? We should go to the doctor-"

She shook her head and smiled. "No doctor, just wait a moment..." She was whispering, as if afraid to have the baby within hear her and stop moving deliberately.

"Maybe...there!" A more solid movement this time, with a sort of rippling sensation to accompany it.

Awed, humbled, Maura turned amazed, shining eyes up to his and Jefferson grinned like a fool.

"He moved."

"Aye, she did." Still caught up in the enchantment of that moment, Maura took a second to notice the change in Jefferson's eyes. They'd gone from amused to aroused and now, they were filled with a dark determination.

"I won't lose this, Maura. Make up your mind to it." He gave her belly a possessive pat, then pulled his hand back. "Whatever it takes. That baby is a King and he'll grow up as one. Whether his mother likes it or not."

"The problem is," Cara was saying, "you're going about this in all the wrong ways."

Jefferson nodded, sat back in his chair and let his gaze scan the interior of the pub. Dark, noisy, with soft lamplight and a dark red glow of the peat fire in the hearth, the place smelled like beer and wet wool. It was raining again, so the Lion's Den was busy. Locals gathered there to have a beer with friends and listen to music. To get out of their own homes for a while. And Jefferson was surrounded by a group of them who were now, it seemed, completely on his side of the situation. All it had taken was for them to find out that he'd proposed and Maura had turned him down.

Just remembering her refusal was enough to churn his guts and have him gritting his teeth. Not once had he imagined that she would say no. Should have known Maura would do the unexpected.

"Maura ever was a stubborn girl," Michael said thoughtfully, waving away a customer clamoring for another beer.

"Nonsense," Frances Boyle put in, taking a sip of her tea. "She's a strong little thing is all and knows her own mind."

"She does," Cara said, "but she's also one to take a stand and then not move from it whether or not she should."

"True, true," Michael agreed, with a sad shake of his head. Then he pointed his index finger at Jefferson. "She's a fine woman though, mind, no matter what we who love her say."

"I know." Jefferson was still working on his first beer as advice swarmed around him like ants at a picnic.

It seemed everyone in the village had a theory on how he should be handling the situation with Maura. Not that he was listening to any of them. Since when did a King need help getting a woman?

Since now? a sneaky, annoying voice in the back of his mind whispered to him and Jefferson grumbled under his breath in response. He'd never had to work this hard for anything. Always, when Jefferson King set out to do a thing, it got done. He'd never before run into a solid wall like the one Maura had erected between them and damned if he could figure out how to knock it down.

An ancient-looking man on one of the bar stools offered, "Buy her a ram. That'll do it. A sheep farmer will appreciate fine stock."

Jefferson snorted. Was the way to this woman's heart through her sheep? He didn't think so. Yet as he considered it, he felt a quick stir of something remarkably like anxiety flicker through him. He wasn't trying to get to Maura's heart, was he? No. This wasn't about love. This was about the baby they'd made together, plain and simple. Telling himself that eased him a bit. "I don't see how buying her a new ram for her flock will win me any points."

"It'll win you lots of points with the ewes," someone shouted from the back of the pub.

Laughter erupted at that and Jefferson could only scowl at the whole damn room. Good to know that everyone in the village was having such an entertaining time.

"Great, that's great." What the hell was he doing here? Thousands of miles from home, from family, from sanity. He was sitting in the middle of an Irish Briga-doon trying to make sense of a woman who defied logic at every turn.

What woman in her right mind would turn down a proposal that offered her luxury? Every wish granted? He'd offered her a life of comfort and ease and she'd tossed it back in his face as if he'd insulted her.

Money and power, that's what she'd said, he reminded himself. As if having contacts and financial independence were a bad thing. He didn't understand real people. He was real people. His brothers were real. What, did she think just because a man had money, he was less than worthy?

"She's the snob," he muttered as the crowd around him continued the argument without his input, "not me."

He'd never judged anyone on the size of their bank balance. He had friends who were mechanics as well as friends who were movie stars. And though his family had money, he hadn't grown up with a silver spoon in his mouth. He'd had to work, just as his brothers had. They'd worked the ranch as kids and as they got older, their parents had told them if they wanted something, they'd have to earn it. So they'd each worked part-time jobs so they could afford secondhand cars and the gas and insurance that went with it.

Hell, he had friends who weren't nearly as well off as his family had been and their parents had paid for everything. The more Jefferson thought about Maura's accusations and generalizations, the angrier he became. He didn't need to excuse his life or make apologies for the way he lived it just because she was being self-righteous.

"You could buy her a new house," someone shouted.

"Or a new roof for the old house. It leaks something fierce in the winter," Frances said.

"Pay them no mind," Cara told him, and drew her chair closer to his. Leaning her forearms on the table, she said, "I can tell you how to win my sister."

He glanced at her and caught the brilliant smile she had aimed at him. Cara, he thought, was the reasonable Donohue sister. She knew what she wanted-to be rich and famous doing what she loved doing-and went after it. She didn't sneer at him for having money. Why would she? It's what she wanted for herself.

With an inward sigh, he asked himself why it hadn't been Cara who made his blood heat. Life would have been a hell of a lot easier.

Instead, he'd become involved with a woman whose head was as hard as the stones in her fields. Just thinking about it irritated him. Damned if he'd take it. Maura thought he was an arrogant, rich American. So he'd prove her right. If she was going to damn him for his money, he might as well make it worth her while.

His mind raced with possibilities. With ideas, notions and plans. And he liked every one of them. Time to pull off the gloves, he told himself. He'd never yet lost an acquisition he was determined to have and this wouldn't be the first time.

"Jefferson? Are you listening?" Cara gave his arm a nudge. "I said, I've a way for you to win my sister round."

"Thanks," he said and stood up. Digging into his pocket, he came up with a sheaf of bills and tossed a few of them onto the table, paying not only for his and Cara's drinks, but for most of those in the bar. "I appreciate it. But this is between me and Maura. And I've got a few ideas of my own."

He left then and never saw Cara shake her head and murmur, "Luck to you, then. I've a feeling you're going to need it."

Chapter Nine

Bright and early the next morning, Maura stepped outside, braced for the next confrontation with Jefferson. She glanced around and blew out a breath that misted in front of her face in the cold damp. Dawn was just painting the sky with the first of a palette of colors. Gray clouds rolled in from the sea and she smelled another storm on the air.

"Maybe the coming storm will keep him in the trailer," she told herself, even though she didn't believe it for a moment, and truth be told, she didn't wish for it, either. Even as annoying as the man could become, she liked having him about. Which only went to prove she really was a madwoman.

What woman in her right mind would torture herself so willingly by being around a man she couldn't have?

But what choice did she have? It wasn't as if asking him to leave her be had gotten her anywhere. Jefferson would stay until he left. Period. Nothing she could say would move him along any faster.

He'd made that clear enough.

There would be no way to escape his company and as long as that were true, she could admit, if only to herself, that she was storing this time up in her memories. Etching each moment with him on her brain so that she could draw the images out later, when he really was gone from her.

So she was prepared to have him riding as a passenger in her battered old lorry as she drove up to the high pasture. She'd even thought of a few things to tell him during the long, sleepless night. She was going to be reasonable, patient and firm. The only way to handle a man like Jefferson King. Temper wouldn't do it as the man was immune to her shouts and curses. So she'd use practicality as it was his normal weapon of choice. She could explain to him simply and deliberately that he was wasting his time staying on at the farm. She wouldn't be coerced or convinced to do something she'd no intention of doing.

She smiled to herself, called for King and stepped out of the way when the big dog raced down the hallway and out the back door.

The film crew was already busy in the front, according to the low rumbles of conversation and the sounds of engines and generators. Maura had become so accustomed to the sounds of the film crew that she had the oddest feeling she might actually miss all of the clatter and din they created each day. As she would soon be missing Jefferson, as well.

Her heart ached at the thought, but what else could she do? She couldn't marry him knowing he had no interest in loving her. She couldn't be a man's duty. His penance. Her blood ran cold at the thought. What kind of life would that be? For any of them?

King was barking from the far side of the barn where she'd been parking her lorry since the arrival of the film crew. Musings shattered, Maura quickened her steps, wondering what it was that had set her dog off.

She rounded the corner of the barn and stopped dead. Her battered lorry was gone. In its place sat a gloriously new and shiny truck, bright red in color, boasting a massive white bow on its roof. "What? How? When?"

"All very good questions," a deep voice rumbled from nearby.

Maura shot a look at Jefferson, leaning back against the side wall of the barn like a man well pleased with himself. The broad smile on his face told her he was responsible for this-as if she hadn't been able to guess.

"What've you done?"

"I should think that's fairly obvious."

"Where's my lorry?"

"You mean that chunk of rust with wheels?" He shrugged. "I had it towed away an hour or so ago. Surprised you didn't hear it."

She had heard more general clatter than usual this morning to be sure, but she'd become so accustomed to disregarding the hubbub caused by the film crew that she'd paid it no mind at all.

"You-" Maura looked at the new truck and felt herself being seduced by the shining paint and the large, sturdy tires-and even as her heart yearned, she closed herself off to it. "You'd no right."

"I've every right, Maura." He pushed away from the wall and walked toward her. When he was close enough, he ran the flat of his hand over the roof of the new truck and smiled, satisfied. "You weren't just trusting your own life to that accident waiting to happen, remember. You're carrying my baby. No way do I let you ride around in that old truck."

"Let me?" She gasped, pulled in air and prepared for battle. "You don't let me do anything, Jefferson King. I don't want your shiny new toy here-"

He smiled knowingly. "Yes, you do."

Oh, it was a hard thing to know that he could read her so easily.

"The nerve you have," she muttered darkly and stepped around him. Her gaze raked the area, hoping that he'd lied and that she'd find her old truck still here, worn and weary from too many years of work. But it wasn't. All that remained was the shiny, tempting lorry, complete with unpatched tires, uncracked windshield and-she peered in the window surreptitiously-lovely black leather seats. Wasn't it a lovely thing?

Not that it mattered, she thought as she straightened up to glare at him again. "What made you think I would be happy about this?"

"Oh, believe me," he said, opening the driver's-side door for her, "I never once thought you'd be happy. In fact, I knew you'd look daggers at me. You'll notice it didn't stop me."

He dangled the keys before her as he would a cookie in front of a recalcitrant toddler. "But you're too intelligent to not admit that you needed this truck, Maura."

She glared at him, then the keys and back again. Her shoulders slumped in defeat. "Clever, aren't you? Flatter me so that to turn you down makes me seem like a complete fool."

Clearly pleased with himself, he grinned. "Bottom line is, Maura," he said, "I'm going to take care of you and the baby with your approval or not. So you might as well get used to it."

Was it so wrong, she wondered, to allow him to take care of her? Was it wrong to wish for more? She'd wanted him to acknowledge their child. But she now wanted something she couldn't have. She wanted love. The fantasy.

"And if I don't?"

"You will." He cupped her cheek in his palm.

Maura shivered right down to her toes. How was it that the simple touch of his skin to hers could cause so many different sensations to course through her? And how was it that he didn't share them? That he could shut himself off from the threads of connection that bound them?

He bent his head to hers until his mouth was just a breath away. "You might be stubborn, but you're an intelligent woman and you'll eventually see that I'm right about this."

She sighed and gave him a resigned smile. "So, I'm intelligent to agree with you and foolish to have my own opinion."

"Pretty much."

That slight curve of his mouth was a weapon, she thought. One he wielded expertly. And she was a willing victim. For heaven's sake, the man had purchased her a lorry and tied a huge bow to it. How was she to argue or stand up against a man who surprised her, not with diamonds or fancy clothes, but with the one thing he knew she not only wanted, but needed?

"You're making this difficult for me."

"Glad to hear it. Now, do you want to take her out for a spin?"

Those keys dangled in front of her face and this time, Maura snatched them. Who was she to fight the inevitable? Besides, if she was to admit the truth, at least to herself, she could say how grateful she was to have a vehicle she felt confident driving. "If you're coming," she told him with a grin, "get in and buckle up."

He did, managing to tear the white bow off the roof as he went and once they were settled, Maura fired the truck up and hooted with glee at the pantherlike snarl of a well-tuned engine. "Isn't she a beauty, then?"

"Yeah," Jefferson said, and when she glanced at him, saw that he was staring right at her as he said, "she really is a beauty."

Jefferson had the marriage license. Now all he needed was the bride. But Maura was showing no signs of weakening. He'd even moved to a hotel in Westport, to give her some space. To prove that he could be as sensitive as the next guy. But did she appreciate it? Hell no. The only thing being "sensitive" had gotten him was three days of missing the woman more than he would have thought possible.

He even missed her damn dog.

Something had to break and it had to happen soon. He couldn't stay in Ireland indefinitely. He had a life, work, waiting for him.

"Which is the only reason I was willing to try Cara's plan," he said into the phone.

"Cara," his brother Justice asked. "Who is she again?"

Jefferson gave an impatient sigh. "Maura's sister. I told you."

"You've been rattling off names of everyone in the village for the last half hour, how'm I supposed to keep them all straight? So Cara is Maura's sister and Maura's the one who turned you down."

Jefferson scowled both at the phone and at his younger brother on the other end. "Yes, thanks for reminding me."

Justice laughed and he sounded as if he were in the next room, not sitting at his ranch in California. "Pardon me for enjoying this, but I seem to remember you getting a charge out of watching Maggie make me miserable not so long ago."

"That was different," Jefferson said and walked to the balcony of his suite. Looking out over the river, glistening like quicksilver in the moonlight, he only half listened to the jumble of music drifting to him from a nearby pub. This harbor city, though it was nowhere near as big as L.A., was a far cry from the village of Craic and the otherworldly quiet that he'd become so used to. Realizing that didn't put him in a better frame of mind. "That was you being miserable. This is me."

"Right," Justice said, still laughing, then to someone else added, "He says he did propose the right way." He sighed, then said to Jefferson, "Maggie doesn't believe you."

"Tell her thanks for the support." Naturally his sister-in-law would come down on Maura's side. Female solidarity at work again. He'd about had his fill of strong women lately. Especially strong women who were currently making him insane.

"So tell me again," his brother said, "what was Cara's plan?"

Jefferson frowned out at the city. Westport was awake and partying. Lovers walked along the Carrowberg River, pausing now and then for a desperate kiss beneath old-fashioned streetlamps.

It was a great view, he admitted silently. But it wasn't the one he wanted. He preferred the view of the lake out Maura's bedroom window.

Damn it.

Months, he thought, since he'd touched her. Except for that one kiss interrupted by the movement of his child. And that kiss haunted him, waking and sleeping. Need was a clawing, vicious beast crouched inside him, tearing at him constantly. The only way to assuage the beast was to be with her and the only way to be with her was to promise her something he couldn't.

He was a man caught in a web that twisted more tightly about him every time he tried to escape it.

"You still there?" Justice demanded.

"Yeah, I'm here." Jefferson turned his back on the view and said, "What were we talking about? Oh, right. Cara's plan. Well, right about now, she's telling Maura that I'm going to fire her from the movie unless Maura agrees to marry me."

"Are you nuts?"

Since he'd just thought the same thing himself, that was a statement hard to argue with. Jefferson muttered a curse and dropped onto the edge of the bed. "No. Maybe. I don't know."

"Let me get this straight," Justice said in his slow, thoughtful style, "you're planning to use extortion to get the mother of your child to marry you. That about cover it?"

Somehow, this idea sounded worse when Justice said it. "Yeah. That's the plan."

"And you think this move is going to endear you to her?"

He stood up again, feeling a swirl of something that he might have thought was panic if he'd been the kind of man to feel that particular emotion. "I never said that's what I was going for. This isn't about that at all."

"Good thing," Justice murmured.

Jefferson had thought that Justice, of all of his brothers, would understand because of his well-developed sense of honor and loyalty. "This is about marrying the mother of my baby. It's the right thing to do and you know it."

"Sure, if you love her."

Exasperated now, he demanded, "Who said anything about love?"

"I think I just did."

"Well, knock it off." Jefferson paced his bedroom and when he didn't have enough room, left to stride back and forth across the living area. "This isn't about love, Justice, and since when did you become the touchy-feely brother?"

A laugh barked into the phone. "I'm not. I'm only saying that marrying someone just because of a baby is a bad idea."

"That's what Maura keeps saying."

"Smart woman." Then to his own wife, Justice added, "Not smarter than you, honey." Then he was back and saying, "Jeff, don't dig yourself a hole you're not gonna be able to climb out of. You can be a part of your kid's life without being married to his mother."

Yeah, he could. Logically, Jefferson knew his brother was right. But he didn't want that. He didn't want to be a part-time father. Be one of the weekend dads that he saw all over Los Angeles. He wanted the same kind of relationship with his own kid that Jefferson himself had had with his father. He wanted a damn family for his child. That made him a bad guy? In whose book?

What was so wrong with wanting to be with his child's mother?

"That's not how it's going to be," he said firmly, feeling his resolve settle in. He'd outmaneuvered studio heads, business moguls and financial wizards. He had no doubt that he could outdo one beautiful sheep farmer.

"Your call," Justice said, "but I've gotta say, I think you're asking for trouble."

"Wouldn't be the first time," he answered ruefully.

Maura was going to be furious. But he'd had to get her here. To talk to him. And Cara's plan had been the only way.

There was a knock at the door and Jefferson's head snapped up like a wolf picking up the scent of its prey. Had to be Maura. No one else would be coming here to see him. And knowing she would show up, he'd left her name at the desk, clearing her for the elevator to his floor. "Can't talk now," he said softly. "She's here."

"I sure hope you know what you're doing, brother," Justice told him. "Let me know what happens."

With Justice's less-than-hopeful words ringing in his ear, Jefferson tossed his cell phone onto the coffee table and walked to the door. He hardly noticed the lush room. It was much like every other suite in every other hotel he'd ever stayed in. Crystal vases filled with colorful flowers standing on gleaming tables. Comfortable chairs drawn up to a gas-fed hearth where carefully monitored flames leaped and danced.

He moved quickly, but even with that, three sharp, impatient knocks sounded out again before he reached the door.

When he opened it, Maura rushed right past him, anger radiating off her in thick waves. And all he could think was, God, she's beautiful.

She wore dark-wash jeans and a red sweater beneath a black coat she peeled off and tossed across a chair the moment she was in the room. Her long black hair was windblown and there was hot color in her cheeks.

"You lying, sneaky, treacherous, no good..."

"Hello to you, too." He closed the door and faced her, determined to play this out. He'd set his course with Cara, so he'd hold true to it until he got what he wanted.

Maura's complete surrender.

"Don't you hello me, Jefferson King," she shot back, lifting one hand to shake her index finger at him. "How can you stand there looking so smug and proud of yourself? What kind of man is it to do what you've done?" Briefly, she threw both hands up in disbelief. "I don't even have the words for it. How could you? How could you be so hard? So mean? So..."

"Cruel?" he helped out. "Callous? Uncaring?"

"Aye," she snapped. "All of those and more, though 'tis clear to me you've not the decency to be ashamed of it."

She was more furious than he'd ever seen her before and that gave him pause to wonder if maybe Justice hadn't been right. But it was too late now, he told himself. He'd set a course and he wasn't a man to back off just because the road got a little bumpier than expected.

"I see Cara gave you the news."

Maura bristled. Since the moment her sister had come to her at the farm, crying over an opportunity lost, Maura had been able to think of nothing else but coming here and facing Jefferson with what he'd done. She'd driven into the city like a madwoman, steering the lorry he'd given her down the familiar roads in a blind rage. The desk clerk had taken one look at her and had pointed out the elevators, obviously unwilling to take a chance on trying to stop her. A wise choice on his part.

Now that she was here, the fury riding within was bubbling to the surface. Jefferson's casual attitude wasn't soothing her any. He looked smug and sure of himself as he watched her. So much so she felt a distinct urge to kick him. Hard. And only barely resisted. Her entire body was shaking with temper and disappointment and hurt.

He'd shown a side of himself she'd never guessed at. How had she not seen what he was capable of before? How had she trusted this man? Given herself to him? Thought herself in love with him?

She looked up into pale blue eyes and saw only cold distance glittering back at her. As if he were standing right in front of her, a part of him was sealed off from this confrontation. As if his mind and heart had taken a step aside, leaving only the ruthless businessman in their place. For the first time since she'd known him, Maura saw his fierceness. The steely resolve of a powerful man who would do whatever he must to ensure he got exactly what he wanted.

Tension coiled and crackled in the air between them. She could hardly draw a breath for the iron band tightening around her chest. Her heart.

"You've gone too far," she told him, her voice hardly more than a scrape of sound.

"I don't know what you mean."

"Don't pretend ignorance. It insults us both," she said and tossed her purse atop her coat. "You've fired Cara from your movie."

He shrugged and walked past her toward one of the twin couches set in the middle of the luxurious room. "She wasn't working out."

She watched him go, vaguely noticing how at home he was in the lush surroundings. How this place, this life seemed to suit him and how it also seemed to mark the difference between them. But Maura pushed that thought aside and concentrated on her reason for being there.

"That's a lie. You told me yourself you thought Cara a fine actor. So it's not her work you've a problem with. It's me. You think to use my family to get my cooperation. That's the mark of a small man, Jefferson King."

"You're wrong," he said, whirling back around, returning to her, coming close enough that she could see his eyes were now shining with an inner light that blazed with banked temper and conviction. "It's the mark of a man who goes after what he wants any way he has to. I warned you I wouldn't give up. I'm Jefferson King. And a King does what he must to get what he wants."

"No matter the cost?" She searched his eyes for some sign of the man she'd fallen in love with, but he wasn't there.

"I told you going in, Maura. You're carrying my child. I'll do whatever it takes to make sure he's taken care of."

She knew, logically, that his determination to care for his child was a good thing. After all, not every man would care, would he? But Jefferson used his wealth and privilege as a club, swinging it wildly, knocking aside whoever might stand in the way of his goals and that she didn't understand. Or forgive.

"You've no right to draw Cara into this," she said, silently congratulating herself on the calm, reasonable tone of her own voice. "It's between us, Jefferson. No one else."

"You brought her into this," he said, "when you wouldn't see reason."

"And because I don't agree with you, out come the bully tactics?"

He winced, or she thought he had. The expression was gone so quickly, she couldn't be sure. "You wanted this the hard way, Maura. Not me."

"I only want-"

"What?" He grabbed her, big hands coming down on her shoulders, holding her in place. "What is it you really want, Maura?"

Something he had no interest in hearing, she thought sadly, staring up into his eyes and finally, finally, seeing the man she knew and loved looking back at her. He was as torn up by all of this as she was, Maura knew that. She felt his frustration as surely as she did her own.

And oh, what a tricky question he'd asked her. What did she really want? She wanted the fairy tale. What she wanted was to love him and be loved in return. To marry Jefferson King and make a family. She wanted it so badly, in fact, that she was ashamed to admit even to herself that she'd recently begun to actually reconsider his pitiful proposal. If she married for the sake of her child, it would be foolish, she knew. But oh, the temptation of saying yes. Of living with him. Being with him.

Yet even in the midst of wild dreams, she knew also that if she allowed herself to weaken on that point, she would, eventually, regret it.

So she kept those wants locked away inside her and said only, "I want you to give Cara her job back."

"And you'll do what for me in return?"

Temper drained away to be replaced by a sorrow that went soul-deep. She lifted her hands to his, linking them, as she looked into his eyes. "Not what you're hoping. I won't marry you for the sake of the child, Jefferson. I can't do that. Not to myself or to you. Sentence all three of us to half a life? What would be the good in that?"

He dropped his forehead to hers. "You're as thickheaded as I am," he murmured.

"We are the pair, aren't we?"

Lifting his head again, he met her gaze and said, "She has her job back."

"Thank you," she said, mildly surprised that it was taken care of so easily. Over so quickly. Her body was still buzzing from a combination of anger and desire and now...she had to leave.

But his hands on her shoulders were hard and tender and warm. Heat from his skin seeped into hers, chasing away the chill she'd been carrying for what felt like forever. She'd held strong against her own wants and needs, thinking that to be with him now would only make the parting that much harder.

Yet she was deceiving no one. Their parting would devastate her no matter the circumstances. Would one more night together really add to the pain? Or would it be an easing of sorts?

As if he could read her mind, he pulled her closer, wrapping his arms around her, burying his face in the curve of her neck. His lips on her skin sent ripples of awareness coursing through her. His hands running up and down her spine caused every cell in her body to jump up and shout for joy.

Her heart ached, her body burned and her mind knew it could never stand against heart and soul and body, so it quietly closed up shop and allowed Maura to only feel. For this, she didn't want to think. Didn't need to think.

This, what lay between them, was good and strong and so powerful the only thing either of them needed was their instincts, drawing them together.

"I've missed you," he said, lifting his head again, kissing her forehead, her cheeks, the tip of her nose. "I didn't want to," he admitted next, "but I did. You're in me, Maura, and now I need to be in you."

"I need that, as well." She sighed, lifting her mouth for his. He claimed a kiss, moving his mouth over hers with an aching tenderness that made her want to weep with the beauty of it.

There was a gentleness in his touch that took the hard edge off the need pulsing between them. Maura felt his quiet control and sighed for it.

Here was home, she thought, her mind sliding into a wonderfully hazy oblivion as emotion and sensation took the forefront. Here was where she wanted to be. Yearned to be. In his arms. Always.

He skimmed one hand up, into her hair to the back of her neck. He held her head steady while his mouth plundered hers and she gave herself up to the amazement flooding her system.

How had she thought she could go the rest of her life without feeling this? Experiencing this? How had she lasted months without the caress of his hands on her skin? And how would she make it through the rest of her life without him?

"Be with me," he whispered, already leading her through the seating area to the bedroom beyond.

He moved her as if they were dancing, one arm around her waist now, one hand holding hers close to his heart. She looked up into his eyes as the room slowly whirled around her and knew she'd dance anywhere with him.

"Be with me." She repeated his words to her and his swift intake of breath, coupled with a flash deep in his eyes, were all that told her how she had touched him.

Chapter Ten

In the bedroom, she saw the balcony doors were open, a soft, cold breeze sliding into the room, ruffling lacy white sheers. From the street below came the muted sounds of pub music, riding the wind. One lamp in the room was on, spilling enough golden light to chase away shadows.

Then he stopped alongside the wide bed and helped her out of the sweater she wore. Beneath was a plain white shirt that he quickly unbuttoned and tossed aside. He unhooked her bra with a surprising agility and then dispensed with her boots, jeans and underwear. In moments, she was unclothed before him and feeling just a bit hesitant about her changing body.

He hadn't seen her na**d since the night they'd made their child. And since then, she'd gained a little weight and her belly was rounded with the growing baby.

She watched him as he gazed at her and she saw his eyes soften when he looked at her abdomen. Suddenly uneasy, she said, "I've changed, I know."

"Yes," he said, lifting his gaze to hers even as he laid the flat of one hand against the mound of their child. "You're even more beautiful."

"Oh," Maura told him, a smile curving her mouth, "you've the gift of the Irish for saying exactly the right thing at the right time."

He smiled, too, then said, "You're shivering. I'll close the window."

"No, don't," she told him. "The weather isn't what's making me tremble, Jefferson. It's need, is all. Need for you."

He swallowed hard and reached past her to pull back the quilt and sheets covering the bed. "Get under the covers anyway," he said and waited until she had.

Then hurriedly, he stripped out of his own clothes and joined her under the down comforter. Maura moved into him and instinctively aligned her body with his. The slide of his skin against hers felt so right. So perfect. She sighed in contentment, shifting her hands over his broad, muscled back, up to encircle his neck and then plunging her fingers into his hair, drawing his head to hers.

Lips met, tongues entangled and breath was exchanged for breath. They came together as silently, as magically as if they'd been born for this and only this.

Sensations rose up and crashed inside her and Maura could only hold on to him as he covered her body with his. He parted her thighs, she lifted her h*ps to welcome him and in the soft light of that luxurious room, he claimed her as he had before. He slid into her heat, her depths and in the taking, gave. In the giving, took. Hearts beat as one. Bodies moved together in perfect rhythm and sighing groans filled the air like blessings.

He kissed her as the first wave of completion caught her and she cried out his name as her soul shattered under his tender hands. Only moments later, she held him to her as his body released into hers and he collapsed atop her.

In the quiet stillness, minutes or hours could have gone by.

All Maura knew was that she didn't want this night to end. Didn't want to lose Jefferson. Yet, she couldn't think of a way to keep him. Not and keep her pride, as well. Could the man not see that he loved her? She felt it in his touch. Saw it in his eyes. Sensed the gentleness beneath the passion and knew that it didn't come only from desire. From lust. There was feeling there-and it was more than affection.

Yet, he pulled back from the mention of three small words. Held himself safely distanced from the risk of love. What was it, she wondered, that made him so determined to avoid giving his heart?

As she struggled with troubling thoughts, Jefferson rolled to one side, drawing her with him, cradling her closely against his body. Her head on his shoulder, his arms around her, he lay in the lamp-lit dark and said nothing.

How long could they go on like this? she thought desperately. How long before they tore each other's hearts to shreds and there was nothing left for either of them?

He trailed one hand idly down the length of her until he could cover her abdomen with his palm. She sighed at the gentleness of his touch even as she remembered the fire in his passion. He rested his hand on her, fingers splayed, and she felt him take a breath and hold it-waiting for his child to move again.

As if to please its father, the baby obliged with a tiny kick that brought a smile to Maura's face despite unshed tears burning her eyes.

"He's strong already," Jefferson mused and she could hear pride ringing in his tone.

"Aye, soon he'll be trying to kick his way out," she said, surprised at the thickness of her voice.

Jefferson turned his head to look at her. "You're crying. Why are you crying?"

"'Tis foolish, never mind."

He levered himself up on one elbow and looked down at her. His eyes were the palest blue and in the darkness, they almost seemed to glow with some inner light. Maura stared up into them, then lifted her hand to smooth his hair back from his forehead.

"Are you all right?" he asked. "I didn't hurt you or the baby, did I?"

"You didn't, no," she told him, easing the fear she saw in his gaze. "I'm feeling a bit weepy these days is all."

"That's not it," he said, his mouth firming, a muscle in his jaw twitching as he gritted his teeth. "Don't lie to me, Maura."

"'Tisn't a lie," she countered, pushing at his chest to shove him away. But it was like trying to push at the walls of her barn. "I am weepier these days. A woman's hormones are all over the place when she's carrying."

"Fine, not a lie. But not the complete truth."

"Ah, Jefferson," she said on a sigh, "what difference does it make?"

"The difference is, we at least owe each other honesty, don't we?"

"You're right," Maura mused. "Honesty would be best. Especially now."

"So tell me why you're crying."

This time when she gave him a little nudge, he yielded and Maura pushed herself up into a sitting position on the bed. Tugging the quilt and sheets up over her br**sts, she glanced out the window at the shining night beyond. When she spoke, her voice was hushed.

"I was only thinking of how much I'll miss you when you go."

"You don't have to," he said and he, too, spoke in a whisper. "You can come with me."

"We've been over this," she said, pushing her hair back from her face with both hands. "The baby is not a reason to wed."

"That's not what I'm saying this time," he told her and instantly won her full attention.

Maura stared at him and tried to read what she saw in his eyes, but the shadows in the room were too deep. "What are you saying, then?"

"I've been thinking about this, Maura," he told her as he edged off the bed, snatched up his jeans and tugged them on. He didn't bother to button them, just stalked across the room to her side of the bed and stood there, looking down at her. Arms folded across his chest, legs braced as if for battle, he said, "What just happened between us sort of solidified those thoughts. We're good together. Right. And you know it."

"I do," she agreed, wondering where he was going with this. Trying not to hope, but failing miserably, she clung to the dream in her heart and waited for him to continue.

"Good. I'm glad you can see that. It'll make what I have to say that much easier."

"What is it you're getting to?"

"In a minute," Jefferson said, wanting to get everything between them out in the open now. "We said we'd be honest-"

She only waited.

He blurted a truth he hadn't planned on telling her. "I didn't fire Cara."

"What?"

"It was her idea," he said quickly, giving her a smile he hoped would head her temper off before it got a foothold. "The idea was to make you so angry that you'd agree to marry me so that I'd take her back on the film."

She hissed in a breath. "Of all the low, despicable..."

"I know. I've heard them all." He leaned down to kiss her, quick, hard, cutting off her thread of insults before she could really get going. Then, easing back, he said, "Now, continuing with the honesty vein...marry me, Maura."

Clearly still angry over the deception, she narrowed her eyes on him. "We've been over this until the path is beaten down, Jefferson. I won't marry you for the child's sake."

"Hear me out at least. This isn't about the baby. This is about us."

"It is?"

He had her attention now, he told himself, judging by the interested gleam in her eyes. And as he relished the fact that he was back in charge, he warmed to his theme. He'd faced down hostile mergers before. This was no different. He'd convince her that he knew what was best and they'd go on with their lives.

Deliberately, Jefferson slid one hand down her warm, curvy body and settled his palm atop their child in a possessive move she couldn't miss. That simple action linked them, made the three of them a unit. As they should be.

He had to convince her. Had to make her see. He wouldn't lose this. Wouldn't lose her because of her own stubborn pride or unwillingness to listen to reason. Being with her again had brought it all home to him. He'd lay it all out for her, exactly as it had just popped into his mind and then she'd see that he was right.

The perfect solution.

"What is it you have in mind, then?" she asked.

"I'm proposing a marriage of convenience," he started and when she opened her mouth to speak, he hurried on, determined to have his say completely. "We're good together and you've already admitted it, so there's no point in denying it. The sex is great and we actually like each other."

"Like," she repeated.

"Exactly." He smiled at her. "Marrying is just a good business decision. Everyone wins this way, Maura. You. Me. The baby. We know going in exactly what kind of marriage we have so there're no misconceptions. No room for hurt feelings or shattered illusions."

"Convenience," she said softly. "Marriage as a convenience."

He didn't like the hesitation in her voice, but chalked it up to the fact that she hadn't had time to fully realize all of the advantages he was offering her. Well, she was a smart woman. She'd work it out and come to the same conclusion he had, given enough time. "Just think about it for a minute."

"Oh, I am," she assured him with a small shake of her head. "And while I'm thinking, perhaps you can tell me, Jefferson, just where does love come into this arrangement between us?"

Everything in him went cold and still. He felt himself shutting down, closing off. Hadn't he couched his proposal in terms that would guarantee love wouldn't be able to rear its ugly head? He couldn't have been more clear about it. Irritation flowed through him, but he couldn't look away from her eyes, swimming with emotion.

"Why does it have to come into it at all?"

"Marriage without love would be a cold and empty sort of thing, don't you think?"

"It doesn't have to be," he argued.

Why was she making this more difficult than it had to be? Damn it. He'd laid it out for her. Explained how he felt and what they could have. But instead of being reasonable, she was going to make him confess everything. Force him to hurt her by telling her exactly why he couldn't give her what she wanted.

He blew out an impatient breath and stood up, turning his back on her to walk to the balcony and stand in the breeze still rushing in. He'd stayed too long in this place, Jefferson thought. If he'd left a couple of weeks ago, he could have avoided this. Could have spared both of them this.

But he hadn't been able to leave her. Now they'd both pay for that indulgence. He stared out at the night for a long moment before finally turning his gaze back to her.

She looked ethereal, there in his bed. Her hair a wild tangle, her mouth still swollen from his kisses. Lamplight and shadow played on her features and her eyes shone as she watched him. He steeled himself against the well of emotion threatening to choke him.

"I can't love you, Maura," he finally said softly.

"Can't? Or won't?"

"Can't." He folded his arms across his chest in a classic pose of self-defense. "I was married before."

She went absolutely still.

He didn't like thinking about it. Didn't like remembering old pain. But there was no choice but to speak of it.

"Her name was Anna and she was the love of my life," he said, needing to have this said aloud, so that Maura could understand what was keeping him from her. "We were too young to get married, but we did anyway." He smiled a bit at the memories rushing into his mind. They were soft now, hazy with time and distance, but there was still an innocence and sweetness to them that tugged at his heart.

"What happened?"

"She died."

"I'm sorry."

He nodded. "She was only twenty-one. I was a year older. It was a stupid accident. Anna was painting our bedroom. She fell off the ladder. Hit her head." He was quiet for a moment or two, recalling how she'd brushed it off, said she was fine. "She seemed all right. Wouldn't go to the doctor. Said it was silly to make a big deal over a little bump. She died in her sleep that night. The autopsy found a hemorrhage in her brain."

"That's terrible, Jefferson," Maura said softly. "I'm so sorry for you and for her."

Mentally, he pulled away from the past and said briskly, "When she died, I swore that I'd never love another woman the way I loved her."

She drew in a long, deep breath but still remained silent. He hoped she understood. Hoped she could now see that what he was offering her was the best he had inside him. This was it. Take him as he was, or they would have nothing.

Walking back to her, he stood beside the bed and said, "I want to marry you, Maura. Not just because of the baby, either. I like being with you. I like having you beside me at night. I think we could make a good life together."

Still she was quiet and the shadows had deepened so that he couldn't even read her eyes now.

"I'm offering you my name," he told her. "I'm offering to build a life with you and raise our child. But don't expect love from me, Maura, because I won't love you. Ever."

The distant music from the pub on the street below sounded overly loud in the strained silence. Time ticked past in long, drawn-out seconds.

"Without love, we have nothing," she finally said and Jefferson's hopes crashed and burned at his feet.

Instinctively, he reached for her, but she scooted off the opposite side of the bed, avoiding his touch. Moving quickly, she gathered up her clothes and started pulling them on.

"Maura," he said, giving himself points for the calm restraint he heard in his own voice, "if you'll just be reasonable about this..."

"Reason," she muttered, buttoning up the front of her shirt with shaking fingers. "The man wants reason when what he's speaking is nonsense."

"Nonsense?" He came around the edge of the bed and took her upper arm in a hard grip. "I'm trying to be honest with you. To tell you exactly who and what I am so that there'll be no more misunderstandings. I don't want to hurt you anymore, Maura. Can't you see that?"

She yanked herself free of him, stepped into her boots and shook her hair back from her face. "You're not being honest, Jefferson. Not with me or yourself, come to that. You're hiding from the future by staying in your past. And that's cheating not just me, but yourself of what you might find if you'd open your eyes."

"I'm not hiding," he said in a snarl, insulted that she would take what he'd offered and throw it back at him. "I don't hide from anything."

"And the truly sad part?" she asked quietly. "It's that you actually believe that."

She pulled her sweater over her head, scooped up her hair and drew it free to lie on her shoulders. Jefferson's hands itched to touch it. His whole body yearned to have her back in that bed. Back to where they'd been together just a few short minutes ago.

She stalked from the bedroom into the living area and Jefferson was just a step or two behind her. "Where are you going?"

She sighed. "I'm going home, Jefferson. As you should."

"What?"

Maura turned to look at him and she knew her aching heart had to be shining in her eyes, for the pain was staggering. She'd had hope, until tonight, that he might wake up and see that love was staring him in the face. She'd hoped he might let himself take the tumble. See what they could have together if only he'd allow himself to love.

Now, that hope was ground into dust. The man was just thickheaded enough to cling to a promise made by a heartsick boy so long ago. And if she couldn't have all of him, she'll not have him at all.

"Do you think this is what your Anna would have wanted for you?"

"We'll never know that, will we? Because she's dead." His voice was tight and hard.

"And so are you, inside, dead as your lost love," Maura told him. "The difference is, I believe if she were given the choice, your Anna would choose life. You've chosen to stay in the shadows and there's nothing anyone but you can do about it."

His features were as remote as if his face had been carved from granite. "You wanted honesty. I gave it to you."

"So you did. I thank you for your offer, Jefferson King, but I won't marry without love. Or at least the hope of it."

"Maura, you're being ridiculous."

"I don't think so," she told him, keeping her voice even and steady despite her urge to shout the roof down and howl out her misery. "I'm sorry for you, Jefferson. I truly am."

"I don't want your pity," he snapped.

"That's a shame, for you have it." She picked up her coat, slung her purse over one shoulder and said, "If you won't let go of your past, what chance do we have of making a future? No, Jefferson, 'tis better this way, you'll see."

"How is this better?"

She walked to the front door, put her hand on the knob and paused for one last look at him. Instead of answering his question, she said, "You can come and see our child anytime you're able. You'll always be welcome, though you won't have me."

"Maura, think about what you're doing."

"I have. And I also think you should go home now, Jefferson. Back to Los Angeles and the empty life you're clinging to with such steadfastness."

"My life's not empty," he countered as she opened the door and stepped through. "But you're right about one thing, Maura. It's time for me to go home."

She watched him walk toward her, his features a study in blank isolation. Maura curled her fingers into fists to keep from holding out a hand to him. It would change nothing, only prolong this wretched ending to all of their possibilities.

Maura wanted to brace herself for the pain that was building within but all she could do was wait for it. Impossible to prepare for a crippling misery that she knew would be with her for the rest of her life. But damned if she'd let him see that he had so much power over her heart, her mind, her very soul.

He wouldn't learn from her that she loved him and always would. No, she'd send him back to his life, his world, as cleanly as she had before. And as before, she would take comfort in knowing that he would think of her-and their child-often.

His eyes were cool as glass as he looked down at her. "I'll be by in the morning to see you before I leave."

How businesslike he sounded. As if they were no more than acquaintances who'd happened upon each other. Already he was stepping away from her, closing the door on all they'd found, all they might have shared. And she wondered how it was she could love a man so bone-deep foolish.

"That'll be fine," she told him smoothly. "I'll expect you then."

"Good night, Maura," he said and shut the door as she stood there.

"Goodbye, Jefferson," she murmured as the first tears fell.

The pain lasted a week.

Maura had cried until she'd no more tears left in her body. She'd wallowed in her despair until even her sister, Cara, had lost all patience with her. She'd watched the last of the film crew pack up and leave when their work was done, severing that final thread connecting her to Jefferson.

Every night she dreamed of him and every day she missed him. Finally though, anger jostled her out of her self-pitying stupor. She hadn't actually believed he would leave. Maura had left the hotel convinced that when he came to say goodbye, they would instead have a good clearing-the-air fight, followed by spectacular sex and pledges of eternal love.

Instead, the tricky man had come to her home cool, detached, handed her a bloody sheaf of papers, then walked away, as calm as you please. He hadn't even looked back at her, the low skunk of a man, she thought with a hearty stomp in the mud.

The fury that had been growing inside her for the last couple of days seemed to explode all at once. Blast Jefferson King, she saw him everywhere she went. His voice haunted her home. His smile chased her across fields and even driving into town was no escape, as she was sitting in the bright red lorry he'd purchased for her.

He'd invaded her life, upset the balance and then disappeared. "What kind of man does that?" she asked aloud of no one.

Automatically, she checked the latch on the barn door where the ewes and their lambs were safe from wind and rain. Then continuing on toward the house, she asked King, "Am I that forgettable, then? Is it so easy to make love with me, then say 'thanks very much, bye now'?"

The dog whined in response and she appreciated the support. "No, you're right. I bloody well am not forgettable. The man's crazy for me and doesn't even know it."

She remembered everything about that last night with Jefferson and hoped to Heaven he was remembering, too. And hoped it was tearing him apart. But even if she were sure that he was being tortured by the memories of what he'd tossed away, it wouldn't be enough to ease the emptiness inside.

"How does he dare turn his back on me? On us?" She muttered dark and vile curses, all aimed at his handsome head, as she stomped through the farmyard, King dancing at her heels. "What gives him the right to say 'tis over? Am I to listen to him and go away quietly, like some schoolgirl afraid of punishment?"

The dog barked and Maura nodded as if the beast had agreed with her. She crossed the yard, ran up the short flight of steps to the back porch and kicked off her Wellington boots. As if in sympathy with her dark emotions, it had been raining steadily for the last few days and the farm was hardly more than a river of mud. King loved it, of course, which was why she also kept an old towel and a tub of water by the back door.

"In you go," she ordered and the big dog daintily stepped through the water and out the other side. Maura dried his paws, tossed the towel over the porch railing, then opened the door, letting them both into the warmth of the kitchen.

"Thinks I'll just sit with my mouth shut, does he? Accept what he says as a declaration from the mount and go on with my life?"

She took the teakettle to the sink, filled it with water and set it on to boil. As the flames licked at the base of the copper pot, she tapped her fingers impatiently against the stove top. "And why shouldn't he think that, Maura, you great idiot? Didn't you walk away, as well? Didn't you let him slip through your fingers without ever once telling him that you love him?"

Lowering to admit as it was, Maura had to concede that she'd allowed her own pain and disappointment to color her responses to Jefferson on that last night. If she hadn't been so stunned by his announcing that as he'd loved once he couldn't love again, she might have stood her ground. She might have told him exactly what she thought of a man too afraid to love. She might have-

"And this is doing no good at all. Not for either of us. What good is it to shout the ceiling down when he's not here to listen?"

He had to listen, she thought. She had to make him listen. Her thoughts slammed to a stop and she whirled around, staring at the yellow phone on the counter.

Before she could think better of it, she walked directly to the drawer by the telephone and pulled out the four sheets of paper Jefferson had left with her.

Phone numbers and addresses of everyone he could think of, all neatly typed and printed out. He was nothing if not efficient, her Jefferson-and he was her Jefferson-the stubborn mule of a man.

She looked at the list. His cell-phone number, numbers for his brothers, his cousins, his office, his home, his vacation home in the mountains and even for the places he kept in London and Paris. He'd said that last morning that he didn't want her to have trouble contacting him again.

The man was a font of information when he wanted to be, she mused, running the tip of one finger down the list.

She wouldn't be calling Jefferson directly though, she told herself. No. What she had to say to him could only be said in person so that she could knock some sense into his head if need be. So that left her with at least three choices. She picked the one whose name seemed the most familiar and dialed his number.

When a gruff voice answered, she said, "Hello. Is this Justice King, brother to Jefferson?"

A long pause, then, "It is. I'm guessing from your accent that you must be Maura."

"I am," she said, grateful to know that at least the dunderheaded man she loved had spoken of her to his brothers. "I've something to say to that great lout of a man, personally. I was wondering if you could help me."

There was a low, deep chuckle that rumbled through the phone line and then Justice answered, "You planning a trip to L.A.?"

"I am, yes," she said, plans forming in her mind even as she spoke. "As soon as I can get a plane ticket."

"No need for that," Justice told her. "When can you be ready to leave?"

Steam shot from the spout of the teakettle and Maura walked to turn off the stove. While she did, she decided on whom she would ask to take care of the farm for a few days and when she had it set in her mind, she said, "I can have things arranged by tomorrow night."

"Then pack a bag, Maura," Justice said. "I'll have a King jet waiting at the airport for you. All you'll need is a passport."

She gasped, surprised at the generosity of the offer. "'Tisn't necessary," she told him, "I was only calling you to see if you could arrange to have Jefferson somewhere we can talk."

Justice laughed and she enjoyed the sound, feeling as though she had an ally in this oh-so-personal battle.

"Maura, trust me. Sending the jet is a selfish move. My brother's been in a black mood since he got back from Ireland. My wife tells me there's a reason for it and she thinks it's you."

She grinned now, knowing that Jefferson was as miserable as her. "Isn't that a lovely thing to say," she murmured.

Justice laughed again. "Oh yeah, you and my Maggie are going to be great friends. I can see it already." There was a pause and then he said, "So, once we get you here, what's your plan?"

Maura leaned back against the counter and told Jefferson's brother exactly what she had in mind. Between the two of them, they refined their strategies. By the time she hung up, Maura felt her self-assurance slide back into place, for the first time in days.

"Jefferson King, you've no idea what's in store for you."

Chapter Eleven

"What was so damned important I had to come all the way out to the ranch?" Jefferson slammed his car door and faced down his brother.

"Just a few things we need to discuss," Justice told him. "But first, I've got to get that yearling back in his stall."

He followed Justice out to the paddock and watched as his brother hopped the rail fence and loped across the dirt enclosure without so much as a limp. Months after the accident that had brought Justice and Maggie back together again, his brother's leg was as good as new.

"Hey, you're here!"

Jefferson turned around to spot his youngest brother, Jesse, headed toward him. A former professional surfer, Jesse was a successful businessman now, running King Beach, surf and sportswear. And by rights, he should have been in Morgan Beach. So what was he doing at the ranch? Suspicion flitted through Jefferson's mind, but he couldn't quite put his finger on what the trouble might be, so he let it go. For now.

"What are you doing here?" Jefferson asked, shifting a glance to Justice, who was taking a young horse by the bridle and leading him off to the barn.

"Bella wanted to visit with Maggie, so I tagged along. What are you doing here?" Jesse grinned as he said it. "Who's making movies if you're out wandering the ranch?"

"I'm not wandering. Justice said he needed to talk to me about something. And where are Maggie and Bella?"

Jesse shrugged. "Shopping?"

Wariness had him turning for the barn. Something was definitely up. The wives were gone. Both of his brothers here. Grinding his back teeth together, Jefferson headed for the barn. Stepping into the shadowy interior, with Jesse right on his heels, Jefferson called out, "Justice, are you going to tell me what you wanted to see me about?"

Justice ignored him as he led the horse into a stall. Once the task was finished, though, he faced him and smiled. "Jesse and I thought it was time we got you out here to talk about what the hell is wrong with you."

"I knew you were up to something the minute I saw Jesse here." He looked from one brother to the other in disgust. "This I wasn't expecting. You're trying to tell me this is an intervention?"

"Call it whatever you want," Jesse told him, slapping his back. "The time has come, big brother, to stop acting like a bastard and tell us what's going on."

"Screw this," Jefferson said, turning on his heel to walk to his car. "I'm going back to the office. You two can sit around and psychoanalyze each other."

"No one at the office wants you there," Justice told him in his slow, patient voice.

That stopped him. Jefferson glared at each of his brothers in turn. "You're telling me they were in on this setup?"

"Joan thanked me," Jesse said on a laugh. "Seems you've been miserable to deal with since you got home."

He couldn't argue with that, Jefferson thought, pushing one hand through his hair in a gesture fraught with frustration.

Back a week now and nothing was the same. He'd expected to come home, slide into work as if he'd never been gone and pick up the threads of his life. But that hadn't happened. He was restless. Dissatisfied. He felt it and couldn't find a way to combat it.

His mind continued to drift toward Ireland. The green hills, the farmhouse.

Maura.

Compared to what he'd left there what he'd returned to was lacking. That he hadn't expected. He'd always liked his life, damn it. So why then did Los Angeles and the job he loved seem suddenly to be nothing more than plastic and illusion? Why did he feel alone surrounded by hundreds of people? Why was he waking in the middle of the night, reaching for Maura?

He knew why, of course. The simple truth was he wasn't the same man anymore. The bright sunlight and hot Santa Ana winds felt alien to him and his heart yearned for what he'd lost.

"So." Justice stopped for a private word with his foreman before steering Jefferson to the ranch house. "You going to talk to us about this or what?"

"Yeah," he said. "Yeah, I'm coming."

Justice's study was a man's room. Leather chairs, shelves lined with books and a massive desk against one wall. Of course, the toys strewn across the floor marked the fact that his son, Jonas, spent plenty of time in the room, too. The three brothers settled into chairs, each of them holding a cold beer from the bar refrigerator.

After a couple of long moments passed, Justice finally asked, "So what is it? What's crawled into you and died?"

Jefferson smirked. "Very nice."

"Not interested in being nice. We want to know what's going on."

Jefferson stood up, took a swallow of icy beer and then began to pace. Nervous energy pumped through him, feeding his steps, stoking a temper that seemed to be continually on the boil lately. "Damned if I know. I feel wrong, somehow. As if I made a bad turn on a highway and now I'm lost."

"Easy enough to turn around again," Jesse commented.

"Is it?" Jefferson stared at him. "When turning around changes everything, is it really so easy to do it?"

"Depends on what you gain and what you lose with the effort," Justice mused, giving their youngest brother a hard look demanding patience. "So, where'd you make the wrong turn, Jeff? Was it Maura?"

"I'm starting to think that leaving her was the mistake I made. But what the hell else could I have done? She wouldn't give an inch. A more stubborn woman I've never known."

"She sounds perfect for you," Jesse offered and received a glare for his trouble.

Jefferson looked at Justice. "I told you she's pregnant."

"Yeah, you did."

"I asked her to marry me." He took a swig of the beer.

"So you screwed up the proposal?" Jesse asked. "That's easily fixed."

"That's not it." He took a breath, then studied the label on the beer bottle as if the printing there held the answers to every question he had. "She wants a real marriage."

"Imagine that," Jesse mused.

Jefferson's gaze shot to their youngest brother and seared him to his chair. "If you can't help, then be quiet."

"You don't need help," Jesse countered. "You need therapy. Why the hell can't you give her a real marriage?"

"Because I've already been in love. Anna."

Instantly, both of his brothers went quiet. Not so full of answers now, were they?

"Don't you get it? If I admit to loving Maura now," he said, "I'm essentially saying that Anna didn't count. That what we shared was replaceable."

Justice shook his head, stretched out his legs in front of him and balanced his beer bottle on his flat abdomen. "That is the dumbest thing I've ever heard." He shifted a look at Jesse. "How about you?"

"Oh yeah," he agreed. "It's right there with the top three." Then to Jefferson, he said, "What, you're only allowed to love one person in your life?"

"No," Jefferson muttered, realizing just how foolish that statement sounded when said aloud. "That's not what I meant."

"What did you mean, then?" Justice asked. "Are you saying Anna would want you alone and lonely for the rest of your life to prove that you loved her?"

Jefferson thought about the young woman he'd loved and lost so long ago. "No," he admitted, "she wouldn't have."

Odd, but for the first time, he realized that the mental images he had of Anna and their time together had grown hazy. To be expected, he guessed, since time had a way of dulling the edges of pain or grief. Leaving behind only the vaguest feeling of guilt for having to live on. To keep breathing while the one you loved was gone.

"Jefferson," Jesse said softly, "if you had a child already, would you be able to love the one Maura's carrying?"

"That's a stupid question," he shot back.

"Is it?" Jesse laughed at him. "You're standing there telling us that you can't love Maura because you already loved Anna. How does that make sense?"

It wasn't just loving Maura that made him feel as though he were somehow betraying Anna, Jefferson thought with a glaring flash of insight. It was the fact that what he felt for Maura was so much more than what he'd once known. But he couldn't tell his brothers that. They already thought he was crazy.

While it was hard, he realized that the love he'd had for Anna had been a young man's love. Innocent in its way and it had ended before it could be tested. But he could love more now, deeper now, because he'd lived longer, knew more, had experienced more. His life had made him more than he had been at the time, so he was capable of feeling more than he'd been able to at twenty. Was it really that simple? Had he missed this revelation somehow because he'd been so determined to give Anna the loyalty he'd thought she deserved?

Justice was right. Anna wouldn't have wanted him to be alone and empty for the rest of his life in some bizarre tribute to her. A heavy load slid off his heart as he drew a deep, easy breath for the first time in weeks.

"God knows I'm no expert," Justice was saying. "Took long enough for me to realize what an ass I'd been in letting Maggie go. But I wised up in time. Are you gonna be able to say the same?"

Jefferson's hand tightened around the beer bottle. He knew what he wanted now, but would he be able to make Maura believe him?

"Yeah, I am," he said aloud, imagining the look on Maura's face when he showed up on her front porch at the farmhouse. "I'm going back to Ireland."

"For how long?"

He looked at Jesse. "Permanently."

"What about the studio?" Justice asked.

"I can handle it by phone and fax," Jefferson said, setting his beer down onto the closest table. "And I can be back here easily enough if I have to handle something in person."

"You? On a farm?" Jesse asked with a broad smile.

"Me on a farm," he repeated, already mentally arranging his move to the country, the woman he loved. "Why's that so hard to believe? Hell, we grew up on a ranch! Maura would never be happy anywhere else and I can work from anywhere. Besides," he added with a wide smile, "I have to get back. Find out if Michael's grandchild has been born. See if Cara's moving back to London. And it's lambing season, so Maura will be shorthanded..."

"Lambs?"

Jefferson laughed at Justice's horrified expression. "I know. You're a cattleman to the bone, but you're going to have to come visit our sheep."

God, he felt like he could climb mountains, run all the way to Ireland with his feet never even touching the water. He knew what he wanted. And he wouldn't settle for less than all. If Maura didn't agree right away, he'd just kidnap her, haul her in front of the village priest and marry her whether she liked it or not.

"I've gotta go," he said, checking his watch and mentally calculating the time he would need to tie up some loose ends and then get to the airport.

Jesse and Justice exchanged a glance and ordinarily, Jefferson would have been curious. But at the moment, he was too busy planning his reunion with Maura. He left the house, his brothers right behind him. But when he got to his car, he stopped.

"What the hell happened?"

All four tires were flat. The small, sapphire-blue sports car was practically resting on its rims in the dirt of the drive. Jefferson looked at his brothers. "Do you know something about this?"

"Hey," Jesse said, lifting both hands, "don't look at me."

Justice scrubbed one hand across his jaw and muttered, "I told the man one tire."

Before Jefferson could say anything to that, the throaty purr of an expensive engine rolled toward them. He looked up to watch a King family limo, all shining black paint and chrome, glide up the drive. "What the..."

Justice clapped one hand to Jefferson's shoulder. "This is why the flat tires. We had to keep you here. Although, Mike was a bit more thorough than I'd planned."

"What are you talking about?" His gaze was still fixed on the limo as the driver hopped out, opened the rear door and Maura stepped from the car, looking straight at him.

"Don't screw it up," Jesse muttered.

Justice shoved him and said, "We'll be in the barn. You two take your time."

Jefferson never even saw them leave. His gaze was fixed on the woman he loved and he couldn't have looked away if his life had depended on it. He wasn't betraying Anna by moving on. He knew that now. The living had to live. And he had no interest in doing that without Maura.

From the moment she'd stepped foot onto the King family jet, Maura had felt as though she were walking into a fairy tale. Surrounded by luxury, she'd flown halfway across the world for this moment. She'd slept in a bed thirty thousand feet in the air. At her arrival in Los Angeles, she'd been swept into the private opulence of the limousine and driven off down freeways choking with more traffic than she'd seen in her lifetime. And through it all, she'd had one thought in her mind. Getting to Jefferson. Making him see all that he was giving up when he turned his back on what they'd found.

When the limo turned into the long, winding drive of the King ranch, she had felt a slight stirring of nerves. Anxious, she had worried that going with her instincts might not have been the best idea. But she was committed to her plan and she wouldn't back out now that the moment had arrived.

Yet when she stepped out of the car, all she could do was look at Jefferson. He looked wildly handsome in his white shirt and black slacks with the wind ruffling his hair across his forehead. Even the baby inside her jumped and kicked, feeling the excitement of being with its father again.

Maura felt the hot, dry wind tug at her hair and burn her eyes. Surely that was the reason her vision was blurring with unshed tears. The King family ranch was a lovely place, what she noticed of it, but her gaze locked unerringly on Jefferson.

"Maura," he said, taking a step toward her.

"No. Stay there, if you please." Instantly, she held up one hand to keep him at bay. If he came too close, she might give in to her urge to run into his arms, when what she needed to do was stand her ground and speak her heart. "I've come all this way to have my say, Jefferson King, and you'll do me the courtesy of standing there to listen."

"You don't have to say anything," he said.

"That's for me to decide," she told him and paid no attention as the driver of her limo discreetly slipped off in the direction of the barn. "I've spent the last several hours thinking of exactly what I want to tell you and now I will."

"Fine," he said, stuffing his hands into the pockets of his slacks. "Have at it."

"Good then. Where to begin?" She took a deep breath, met his eyes and said the first thing that came to her mind. "You're a bloody fool to walk away from me, Jefferson King."

"That's what you wanted to tell me?" he asked, smiling. "You came all this way to insult me?"

"That and more. I'll say this to your face as it's not something a woman wants to tell a man over the telephone." She walked toward him then, steel in her spine and fury in her steps, despite her earlier hesitation to be too close. "The reason I refused to marry you when you offered me a cold, empty marriage for the sake of our child or for convenience's sake was because I love you, you great ape of a man."

He gave her a slow smile. "You love me."

"I did. I do. But don't hold that lapse against me." Sputtering now, as thoughts crashed through her mind in a kaleidoscope of images and words, she wondered where her carefully rehearsed speech had disappeared to. Then she gave it up and spoke from the heart. "Though I love you, I won't marry a man who won't love me back."

She glowered at him, seeing him now through her tears and anger and wanting nothing more than to throw herself into his arms and taste his kiss on her lips again. "So I've come to tell you that refusing to love another out of loyalty to your first wife is a foolish waste-though I'll say it speaks well of you to remember her and care for the memory."

"Thanks," he said, then added, "God, I love you."

She rolled right over his words, intent on telling him everything that was inside her. "Still, the living must live, Jefferson. Denying your heart is just another kind of death. I won't do that. And I hate that you're willing to. I'll tell you now, I will love you till I die, but I won't stop living. I'll be there, in Ireland, when you come to your senses."

"Maura," he said, "I love you."

"I've not finished," she told him sternly. Why couldn't the man be silent and let her get this said? "You'll miss me, Jefferson, and the life we could have had. You'll pine for me and I swear you'll regret ever walking away. And when, in your misery, you finally realize that loving me is what you were meant to do, remember it was I who told you. 'Twas me who came here to look you in the eye and give you one last chance. And blast it all, remember it was love that brought me here."

"I said I love you."

"What?" She whipped her head back to shake her hair out of her eyes and blinked up at him as if he were suddenly speaking Gaelic. "What was that? What did you just say?"

"I said, I love you."

She looked up into his eyes and read the truth of his words shining back at her. A bright burst of light exploded in the center of her chest and Maura thought with those words ringing in her ears, she wouldn't have need of a plane to get back home. She'd simply float across the Atlantic.

"You love me."

"I do," he said, grinning now as he reached for her.

She went willingly, throwing herself at him as she'd longed to do from the first moment she stepped out of that long, elegant car. Her arms came around his neck and she clung to him as she muttered thickly, "Well, why the devil didn't you say so?"

He laughed out loud and, arms wrapped around her waist, he lifted her off her feet and swung her in circles around the drive. "Who could get a word in when you're on a rant?"

"True, it's true. I've a terrible temper, I know, but it's just that I hurt so badly and I wanted you to be as miserable as I was feeling," she whispered into the curve of his neck, inhaling his scent, feeling the hard, solid strength of him pressed against her.

"I was," he confessed, his strong arms crushing her to him. "Without you, there's nothing. I know that now."

"Oh, Jefferson, I've missed you so."

"I was coming to you," he told her, his voice husky and filled with emotion. "I'd just decided to go back to Ireland and convince you to marry me, even if I had to abduct you."

She laughed a little, relief and wonder tangling up inside her. "I'm almost sorry to have missed that."

"I'll make it up to you," he promised. "I want to live in Ireland, with you and our baby, at the farm."

She pulled her head back to stare up at him in wonder as the last of the dream slid into place. "You'd live in Ireland?"

"It's not a hardship," he told her. "I think I love the place almost as much as you do."

"You're a lovely man," she said on a sigh. "Have I mentioned that lately?"

He grinned. "Not lately, no."

She'd come so far, hoped and dreamed so much and now that she had everything she had ever wanted in the circle of her arms, she could only hold on to him, reeling at the happiness coursing through her. Finally though, he set her on her feet, but left his hands at her waist as if he couldn't bear to let her go.

"I'll still have to do some traveling at times," he was telling her, "but you and the baby can come with me. We'll have so many adventures, love. Our life will be full and happy, I promise you."

"I believe you," she said, lifting one hand to cup his cheek.

"Maura," he said softly, staring into her eyes like a man who'd just awakened from a long sleep to find his heart's desire landing at his feet. "I'm going to ask you again. The right way this time. I want you to marry me. For real. Forever."

"Ah, Jefferson, now I'm going to cry," she said, and felt the tears sliding along her cheeks.

"Don't," he whispered, bending to kiss her briefly, hungrily. "Don't cry." He smoothed her tears away with his thumbs and smiled into her eyes. "I'm really not worthy of you at all, am I?"

She laughed and leaned into him, relishing the sound of his heartbeat beneath her ear. Wrapping both arms around his middle, she said, "Oh, you darlin' man...if every woman waited for a man who was worthy of her, there'd be no marriages, would there?"

He laughed aloud and pulled her tightly against him. "You're the one for me, Maura. The only one."

"And you for me, Jefferson. I will love you always."

"I'm counting on it," he told her, and gave her a soul-searing kiss that promised a lifetime of love more powerful than either of them had ever imagined.

And when that kiss ended, they parted to the sound of hearty applause and sharp whistles. Looking toward the barn, Jefferson grinned, took Maura's hand in his and said, "Come with me. I want you to meet my family."

"Our family," she corrected and laid her head against his shoulder.

Then together, they walked away from the past and into the future.

