BEFORE

It never should have happened.

He was my project manager, and I was the daughter of Wentworth Cunningham, the man who gave him the job. We both should have known better, but me most of all.

The truth is, I was selfish. Before my life went haywire, he was just Ian: hardworking and generous, sweet and serious. I used to tease him about his hair-which was dark and curly like mine-just to try and make him smile. I'd remind him that we were working for the greater good, but he would only see the work we hadn't done yet: the orphanage we had yet to renovate, the resources we had yet to allocate. He was the kindest and most selfless of all of us working at the Chiang Mai division of Cunningham Cares International.

After my father's death, Ian became my crutch.

I shouldn't have rushed back to Thailand after the funeral. I see that now. My brother pushed me into it, sure, but it's not like he had a gun to my head. Frankly, I thought it would be good for me. Put my suffering in perspective.

Instead, I found myself looking at Ian.

Ian's attractive. There's no denying that. He's lean and muscled from long days spent sweating under the sun. His skin is always tan, and no matter how often he shaves, there's a perpetual dusting of stubble on his chin. He has these soft gray eyes that seem to look right into the very core of your being. The day I returned to work in Chiang Mai, those eyes were so full of concern for me that the hollowness I'd been nursing deep in my stomach seemed to dissipate, just for a second.

That night, after everyone else was asleep, I went to his room. And Ian-sweet, responsible, serious Ian-didn't turn me away.

Afterward, he touched my face in the dark and said, "This can't happen again." But a month later, when I broke under the hollowness and crept to his room a second time, he took me into his arms once more and helped me forget.

It happened the same every time: I'd go to him, we'd lose ourselves in each other, and then he'd tell me, "Never again." But he'd hold me close as he said it, whisper it against my hair, and we both knew it was a lie.

I don't remember when it became every night. I spent months drowning in the haze of his tenderness, losing myself in the comforts of his touch, the sweetness of his lips, the soft encouragement of his voice. He loved me, and I needed that love. I needed his warmth on those dark nights. I needed his gentle looks during those long days.

I didn't care what he needed.

And when it came to a head, when he finally voiced the words that lay between us, I did what every heartless coward does when she's cornered.

I ran.

CHAPTER ONE

TODAY

I'm a bitch.

Mr. Charles Haymore, (whose brass name tag has been polished to a flawless shine) has been prattling on about my new job responsibilities for the last ten minutes, but the only thing I can focus on is the giant chocolate crumb dangling from his mustache. It's huge. I'm surprised he can't feel it brushing against his lip. But I suppose it takes a very special kind of crumb to defy the laws of gravity and cling to salt-and-pepper-whiskers for half an hour or more-especially when the owner of said whiskers can't seem to shut up-so maybe that's part of its magic.

I fold my hands in my lap and nod politely, trying to hold his gaze. It's hard enough to keep from looking at the crumb, but I'm also fighting the urge to glance around the room.

We're sitting in the room that used to be my father's study. I thought it was over the top even then-all dark bookcases and gloomy paintings-but now it's friggin' ridiculous. Whatever designer redid this place apparently decided that my family lived in another century or something. I'm almost surprised they decided to keep the working electricity.

"Any questions, Ms. Thomas?"

It takes a minute for Mr. Haymore's words to register. I'm still not used to hearing that name.

"No. No questions." I give him my best smile. Show those teeth, my father used to say. A bit of charm and a smile go a long way.

He gives a single nod. "Your responsibilities will shift from day to day depending on my needs. One day I might have you running errands, and the next you might be responding to emails. I carry responsibility for many of the daily functions of this facility, and as such, you too will be responsible for tasks of great importance. I trust that's acceptable?"

"Yes, sir," I say a little too enthusiastically.

He shoots me a stern look and slides the last piece of my employment paperwork across his desk. "My last assistant didn't find herself up to the task."

"I assure you, sir, that I'm up for anything you throw at me."

He looks at me for a long moment, then nods again, apparently satisfied with his assessment. "All employees are required to meet certain standards of behavior for the duration of their contract. You are to wear your name tag at all times while on duty. You are not to smoke or partake in alcohol while on the premises, and any evidence of intoxication is grounds for disciplinary action. Any subsequent slip will result in an immediate dismissal. Am I understood?"

I nod. "You are."

It's actually a bit of a pity that he's such a drab old bore. If he were a little younger, a little narrower, a little less stuffy, I might try to soften his unpleasantness. Help him unleash the wild nature he's hidden beneath that perfectly pressed suit. I've never been with a hotel's General Manager before. Or anyone in the hospitality industry, really. Do they leave mints on your pillow after sex?

Unfortunately for Mr. Haymore, even I have standards. And you're supposed to be staying away from men for a while, I remind myself. And I'm off to a roaring start-I'm not even two months into my self-imposed celibacy and I'm so desperate I'm looking at this guy.

As if he can see into my brain, Mr. Haymore says, "It goes without saying that fraternization with guests is strictly prohibited. And any... relations with fellow employees will be done with discretion or not at all. Is that clear?"

"Crystal." That should make it a little bit easier for me, at least.

"Not that I imagine you'll have much time for such activities," he continues. "The press event starts on the twenty-first. That's less than two weeks from now, and we open our doors the week after that. The next couple of months are crucial, and you will be expected to respond to my requests at a moment's notice."

I nod, though I'm beginning to regret jumping on the "room and board" option in my contract. When I saw that the resort offered housing to certain employees, it felt like the perfect opportunity. I mean, it's not like I have many other housing options these days. But the more I talk to Mr. Haymore, the less I'm liking the idea of being "on call" at all hours.

I still smile, of course. "That shouldn't be a problem."

He nods again, finally dislodging that mustache crumb, then passes me a pen. "Welcome to the Huntington Manor family, Ms. Thomas."

Huntington Manor. It sounds like something out of a Jane Austen novel, and I kind of want to vomit. I mean, I'm insanely relieved that my brother Calder made sure they couldn't attach our family name to this monstrosity of a tourist trap, but surely they could have come up with something better than Huntington Manor. My great-great-grandfather is probably rolling in his grave right now.

I take a deep breath and look down at my contract. No point in dragging this out. I knew what I was getting into when I walked through the doors this morning. I pull the paper closer and scribble down the signature I practiced a hundred times last night: Addison Thomas.

Addison Thomas is twenty-four and, according to her resume, has a degree in Hospitality and Tourist Management. She's spent the last two years working at a resort down on the coast (where she received the Gold Customer Service Award last year) and has special training in "Customer Loyalty Administration" and "Trip Planning Assistance."

Or, you know, Addison Thomas is the brilliant creation of yours truly, the one and only Louisa Cunningham. I was going for something that might get me a position in the Guest Services department of this place, but apparently Mr. Haymore lost his assistant a few days ago and my resume was at the top of the pile. And I charmed him enough in the first interview that he only called one of my carefully-prepped "references."

I pass the contract back to Mr. Haymore. He doesn't give the signature a second glance.

"I expect you to report to me tomorrow at 8 AM sharp. In the meantime, you can get settled in your room. I've put you in Room 253 in the East Wing." He reaches into his desk and pulls out a key and fat manila envelope. "This is very important. It contains your employee handbook and an extensive map of the estate. I suggest you familiarize yourself with them as soon as possible."

A map. Ha. I could find my way around this place with my eyes closed. Backwards.

"I'll study it tonight," I tell him.

"Very good." He stands and runs a hand down the front of his pristine charcoal gray sport coat. "I would show you to your room, but I'm very busy."

"I'm sure I'll find my way, Mr. Haymore." I reach out to clasp his hand. "A pleasure to be working for you."

He gives a little harrumph before sinking back down into his seat again.

Oh, yes. This will be about as pleasurable as trying to bathe a warthog.

I grab my suitcase and escape out the door before I overload on his charm. It's not until I'm halfway down the hall that the rush hits.

I'm doing this. I'm honest-to-God doing this.

Instinctively, I reach up with my free hand and clutch the end of my ponytail, but I cringe as soon as my fingers touch the strands. They're too long, too smooth. But I knew I couldn't just show up here looking like my normal self-after all, my face has made a few appearances in the tabloids over the past year-so I dyed and straightened my hair. Instead of the dark curls I was always known for, I now have a head of sleek, honey-colored locks. I'm also sporting more makeup than I've ever worn in my life. It's not much of a disguise, as far as they go, but I've definitely got the "celebrities without makeup" effect going on here. People are used to seeing me looking a certain way against a certain backdrop. No one expects "Lou" Cunningham, daughter of the late, disgraced Wentworth Cunningham, to show up and take an assistant position at her family's former estate, the property her father lost through extreme financial carelessness. I'll just have to make sure to touch up my roots every few weeks or so.

My great-great-grandfather built this house. It was passed down through my family from generation to generation. My brother and I played in these halls as children. But when my father died last year, Calder and I inherited a huge financial mess-and we agreed to sell the property to help settle our family's debts.

I'll be honest: this was always too much house for me. The minute I was old enough to understand social responsibility, I realized how outrageous all of this was. I mean, who needs a rooftop pool or computerized closets when there are people out there without basic necessities like food and proper medical care? When Calder suggested we sell the estate, I agreed without hesitation. I told myself this place was just an ostentatious pile of rocks, a symbol of all the things I'd grown to resent about being born to privilege.

But I was wrong.

I look around me as I walk down the hall. Calder sold most of our furniture, so they've had to completely redecorate the house from scratch. And apparently they decided to go the Rococo route. It looks like a bunch of cherubs threw up on the walls. It's very strange. A bit like walking through a dream I know I've had before-and yet not being able to recognize a thing.

Is this how they think my family lived?

I stop next to a window and press my fingers against the glass. From here, I can see out across the grounds behind the house. There are the small herb beds-which my grandmother designed after a medieval kitchen garden-and past that, the tall, dark wall of the hedge maze. From here, at least, it all looks exactly the way it did the last time I was home. I can almost pretend I never left.

This house isn't just stones and walls. And it was never just a symbol of our wealth. It was my home. It holds a lifetime's worth of memories. Of my childhood. Of my father. Of my family.

And now it's going to be a megaresort. For just the low, low price of $457 a night (a lot more than I could ever afford at this point), anyone can pretend to be a Cunningham-and sit in their fancy eighteenth-century-style rooms and laugh at us for losing all of this.

It makes me sick. According to Mr. Haymore's boasts, this place will be more than just an overpriced bed and breakfast. They'll be offering tours of the house and grounds to day visitors. They've converted the twelve-car garage into a full spa center. They've torn down the orchards and put in a golf course. And my favorite? They've decided to build a small vineyard on the northwest corner of the property. One day, they'll have their very own Huntington Manor wine, but in the meantime the tasting room will feature "exclusive selections from the Manor's cellar." I guess there wasn't any reason Calder shouldn't have included some of our father's extensive wine collection in the sale of the house, but it really ticks me off to imagine some idiot getting drunk off of one of those vintages my family was saving for something special.

It's worse than the media storm that erupted after my father's death. Worse than all the things they said about him and my family when the rumors about our finances started swirling. I can still see the tabloids: "The Cunninghams Lose Everything!" and "SCANDAL: The Downfall of a Family!" and dozens of other sensationalist headlines emblazoned across their covers. I couldn't escape it, even on the other side of the world.

But this... this feels more personal. They're not just commercializing my family's history, launching a money-making venture on top of our misfortune-they're invading our home. It's disgusting, and I feel like I've been gutted.

I push away from the window and continue down the hallway. It occurs to me that I should try and look a little lost-after all, Addison Thomas has no idea where she's going-but I don't have the patience for anything more than a quick glance down at my map. I'm assuming the East Wing hasn't changed locations in the past year, and while my family never bothered to number the rooms, it shouldn't be too difficult to find Room 253, my home for the duration of my contract.

I make my way to the small staircase off of my family's old atrium. I try not to notice that they've built a small cafe in the atrium now, or that they've set up a sandwich board on the place where I once tried to start a small vegetable garden. And the stairway isn't any better. They've ripped out the beautiful old burgundy-and-gold wallpaper we had in here and replaced it with cherub paintings. My family might have been extravagant, but at least we had taste. By the time I make it to the top step, I'm seriously beginning to question my decision to come back here.

It wasn't my initial plan. I thought that maybe when I returned from Thailand, Calder and I might find a way to move on together, but when I saw my brother, it only took me a moment to realize that he's already made it through the hardest part without me. He's moved on. And not only that-he's happy. Like disgustingly-in-love happy. He's found someone with whom he can start a bright new life. And me? It's been well more than a year and I'm still a mess. I couldn't bear to step into that happy little picture he's created and pull him down again.

When I heard that Huntington Manor was hiring-well, it seemed like fate. I needed a job. I needed a place to live. I needed some closure. It sounded like a sweet three-for-one deal. I'm not normally someone who believes in "destiny" and all that hooey, but this was too perfect of an opportunity to ignore.

But now that I'm here, I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to do.

The second floor is the worst thing I've seen so far. No, it's not as garish as the cherubs, but I'd almost prefer the fat winged babies to the numbers. They're on every door-shiny, brass, impersonal numbers. Once, my family called that room on my left the Daffodil Room because it was painted that perfect shade of yellow. Now, it's Room 231. That room on the right was the Sparrow Room, and that one just around the corner was the Star Suite-it has one of the clearest views of the sky. Now they're 234 and 235.

I hear a footstep behind me, and I realize I've stopped in the middle of the hallway. I step to the side and glance back down the corridor.

There's a man coming toward me. He's probably in his mid-twenties or so, with reddish-brown hair and broad shoulders. I don't even have to glance down to his tool belt or the hammer in his hand to know that he's a handyman-with the way his muscles fill out that dirty T-shirt he's wearing, there's really no other option. He must have some last-minute projects up here or something.

He smiles when he catches my gaze, and his blue eyes flash. A little flicker of attraction flares in my belly. It would be so easy, so simple, to smile back.

"Lost?" he says when he's a little closer.

I don't miss the way his eyes flick from my face down my body, though it's quick enough that I'm not even sure he's aware he just checked me out. My belly grows warmer.

I want to say Yes. Yes, I'm lost. He wouldn't be much of a challenge-some flirtatious looks, a couple of suggestive comments, and I bet I could steal a kiss in less than five minutes. And if I play my cards right-and if his business isn't pressing-I could back him into one of these rooms in less than seven. Undo his belt. Slide his pants down to his ankles. Take him in my mouth until his groans make me forget about the cherubs and the numbers and everything else that's so terribly wrong with this place.

I can feel it now: his warm, hard muscles beneath my hands. The salty flavor of him on my lips. He'd probably twine his fingers in my hair, and I wonder-would they tangle as easily in my new, straighter locks as they would have in my old curls? My scalp prickles at the thought. I'd moan with my mouth around him, letting him know how much I enjoyed the tugging of his fingers.

At least, that's what the old Lou would do. The new Lou-the girl formerly known as Lou-needs to keep her mind out of the gutter and her hands to herself.

"I'm fine," I tell him, not even daring to look him in the eyes again. And then I take off down the hall before I have the chance to change my mind.

I find Room 253 at the very end of the corridor, and when I spot the door, my heart gives a little jump in my chest. It's the room my family and I used to call the Willow Room. From the window on a clear day you can see all the way down to the stream on the northeast corner of our property. On the northern bank of the stream is a giant weeping willow with branches so long that they trail in the water below. Father used to call it Grandfather Willow. The room has wallpaper to match-pale cream crossed with swirling tendrils the exact color of the willow's leaves in early summer.

When I unlock the door, though, it's all wrong.

They tore down the wallpaper and painted the walls a dull taupe color. The wrought iron bed and dark-wooded furniture that once graced this room have been replaced by simple, almost institutional pieces. Whoever decorated the rest of this place clearly hasn't touched the staff rooms. I guess they decided to blow their budget on the suites where the paying guests will be staying. This looks like a college dorm.

I toss my suitcase down on the bed and walk over to the window. There's a thin piece of off-white fabric hanging over the glass-calling it a curtain would be too generous-and I push it aside, looking out across the grounds toward the stream. My stomach clenches.

I can't see Grandfather Willow. I can't even see the stream. Instead, I see a cluster of small wooden buildings.

I run back to the bed and grab the welcome packet Mr. Haymore shoved in my hand. There, on the map where Grandfather Willow should be, is a cluster of small rectangles labeled "Crafts Cottages."

Mr. Haymore mentioned these latest additions to the property-at least at some point during his rambling I remember him saying something about a blacksmith's forge and candle-making shop and some other crap-but I didn't hear him mention where they'd been built. Now there's a miniature Colonial-era theme park blocking Grandfather Willow.

If Grandfather Willow is there at all. For all I know they've ripped him up by the roots.

This is wrong. This is all wrong.

I didn't handle my father's death very well. My brother implied as much, the day he convinced me to return to Chiang Mai. And then in Thailand, after months of trying to distract myself with Ian-well, Ian said the same thing to my face, the night things blew up between us. I can still see him: Ian, who was always so kind, so forgiving, standing there staring at me with such anger and such pain in his eyes.

This isn't how normal people grieve, he said. This isn't healthy.

He was right. I've never handled grief in a healthy way. Back when I was ten, when one of our horses died, my father was so concerned for me that he sent me to a shrink.

I still remember what she told me: The worst thing to do when you're trying to let go of something is to run the other way. Sometimes, you must hold on to let go. At the time, I thought she was an idiot. That she didn't understand. But I've never forgotten those words. They're the very words that drew me back here.

Sometimes, you must hold on to let go, I repeat in my head. That's why I'm here. To face all of these changes and learn to let go.

But how am I supposed to do that when they're destroying this place piece by piece? When they're tearing down my family's legacy and replacing it with this ridiculous stuff? Soon, this place will be swarming with tourists, and people will gawk at the decor and stupid crafts cottages and believe that we actually lived like this. Either that, or they'll see it all as some massive joke.

Give it time, I tell myself. Healing takes time.

I don't want to run anymore. I want to learn how to feel okay again. To feel normal again. If I want to move on with my life, I have to accept that this is Huntington Manor now, not the Cunningham estate. I need to accept it. I need to move on. I need...

I turn away from the window. I'm across the room so quickly that I don't even realize what I'm doing until I'm in the hallway.

He couldn't have gotten far.

As it is, he's only around the corner. I just follow the sound of the hammering. The door to Room 244 is ajar, and when I push it open a little wider, I find the handyman inside, working on the window.

For a moment, I just stand there watching. His cheap T-shirt is thin enough that I can see the muscles of his back shift as he moves his arm. I didn't notice it before, but there's a dark tattoo circling his right bicep. I wonder how many more he has hidden beneath his clothes.

I place my hand on the door, swinging it all the way open, and he turns. The surprise in his eyes shifts quickly to pleasure.

"Lost after all?" he says, grinning. It's a lop-sided smile, just goofy enough to make him look devastatingly attractive. I don't say anything. I don't know what I should say right now. Instead, I stride across the room and grab the front of his shirt.

I only have the chance to see the quickest flash of shock in his eyes before I tug his face down to mine.

His mouth is much warmer than I imagined it would be. His lips are hard-he wasn't expecting this-but as I continue to kiss him, they soften slightly, even parting. A moment later, his tongue slips into my mouth, and heat courses through me.

I'm still clutching his shirt with both fists. I hear the thud of his hammer hitting the floor, and then his arms come up around me, pulling me against his chest. He smells faintly of sweat, but it's a pleasant scent-or maybe I'm just too worked up to care. I widen my lips, letting him press his tongue deeper into my mouth, and I lift my own tongue to meet his. One of his hands moves up to my hair, and his fingers twist through the strands just as I imagined they would. Curls or not, he has no trouble finding a grip. He pulls just hard enough to send a surge of heat from my scalp down to my very core.

It's not enough. My body is alive with sensation, but the hollowness is still there, hovering just beneath the surface. I release his shirt and move my hands down across his stomach. Even through the fabric of his shirt, I can feel every muscle. He contracts them slightly beneath my touch and presses closer to me. His hand continues to pull at my hair, while the other slides down to the small of my back.

I slip my hands between us and drop them to his belt. It's more difficult to undo a tool belt than it is to open a normal buckle, but I manage without too much trouble. The tools crash to the floor. But as I'm reaching for the fly of his jeans, he suddenly catches me by the wrists, and he pulls his mouth away from mine.

I glance up, confused. His pupils are large and dark-all the more obvious because of the brilliant blue of his irises-but beneath the haze of lust there's confusion in his face, too. And just like that, I realize with shocking clarity exactly what I was about to do.

I stumble back, pulling out of his grip. This guy is a complete stranger. I don't even know his name. What was I thinking? I have his pants undone. I was about to... I would have...

He's still looking at me like I'm insane. "Are you...?"

I shake my head, too shocked to speak. He looks like he wants to say something else, but I don't want to hear it. I don't want to know what he's thinking right now.

And so I do what I always do when I get in over my head: I run.

CHAPTER TWO

Fortunately, in a place as large as Huntington Manor, it's easy to avoid people.

It helps that the day after my little "incident" with the handyman, Mr. Haymore gives me a To Do list long enough to wrap around the earth about two and a half times, and that keeps me occupied for those first few days on the job. It appears that I'm not only Haymore's assistant, I'm also his secretary, gopher, delivery girl, personal shopper, and the official double- and triple-checker of everything he writes. Apparently he believes it's physically possible for someone to proofread an email, place a call to the kitchens, retrieve a package from the front desk, and sift through his receipts at the exact same time.

But I don't mind the work as much as I feel like I should.

When Mr. Haymore's yelling to me from his office next door, it's hard to think about what I almost did with that random handyman. Sometimes I even forget that I'm doing all of this for Huntington Manor-until I stumble across one of the glossy brochures and reality comes crashing down again. Fortunately, my new boss can only go about ten minutes at a time before piling something else up on my plate, and then the cycle starts all over again.

They've put me in a little room off of Haymore's office that my father used to use for storage. Any books or files that couldn't fit in my father's study went here, and I think I only set foot in here once during my entire childhood. After all, it wasn't really anything more than a glorified closet. I'm not sure whether I'm relieved or sad that I'm having trouble picturing the way it used to look.

Currently, it's been decorated to match Mr. Haymore's office. If I stare at the walls too long, I start to get dizzy. There's a small window overlooking the eastern part of the estate, and sometimes when I get overwhelmed I stand at the glass and stare down at the gardens.

I missed them the most when I was in Thailand. This house always made me feel a little uncomfortable about our wealth, but the gardens... even on my guiltiest of days, I could go sit in the gardens and breathe in all the life and things just felt better somehow. There was a place in the hedge maze-a small nook carved into one of the leafy walls about halfway through the labyrinth-where I'd curl up sometimes and just think. The hedges would block out everything but the sky high overhead, and I'd close my eyes and try to find peace.

It's funny. Back then I thought that leaving this place would help me. That giving everything up and dedicating my life to helping others would give me a sense of inner harmony. A purpose. Instead, it just made me more aware of how utterly self-centered I am.

Not a day goes by that I don't think of Ian. Of the way he looked at me. Of the things he said to me.

If I close my eyes, there he is, sitting on the edge of his bed that last night in Chiang Mai, watching me scramble for my clothes.

What was all this, then? he asked me. Just a way to make yourself feel better? A distraction?

No, I said. It wasn't just a distraction. But even then, those words struck too close to the truth.

You can't just bury your feelings, Lou, he said. I know it's hard, but it doesn't work that way.

What feelings? I wanted feelings. All those nights I'd turned to him, I'd just wanted to feel something, anything, but sickening emptiness.

And I'd never cared that it came at Ian's expense. I'd never stopped to think about how he felt. What I was giving to him in exchange for everything he was giving me. I just took and took and took until he had nothing left.

I pull away from the window. It's funny, how easy it is to go twenty-four years without realizing what a horrible, selfish person you are.

"Ms. Thomas!" Haymore calls from the other room, pulling me out of my thoughts before I can fully lose myself in self-loathing.

I flick my ponytail over my shoulder and straighten my skirt before walking over to his office.

My new boss is a little high-strung even at the best of times-I suppose it's inevitable, this close to the grand opening-but he's looking extra frazzled today.

"I just got off the phone with Edward Carolson," he says without looking up. "Apparently he's decided to fly down a day early. And he's bringing his family with him."

Edward Carolson. Just the name makes my skin crawl. Carolson's the new owner of the estate. He didn't tell Calder anything about his plans to convert the house into a resort during the negotiations for this place, but as soon as the contract was signed, he set about getting the property rezoned. As much as I always disliked the idea of anyone outside of our family living here, it would have been far preferable to this.

Yeah, Carolson's not exactly on my list of favorite people right now.

But I'm confused.

"A day early?" I say. "That means-"

"Tonight," Mr. Haymore says. "Their flight gets in at five. I need you to arrange a car."

I nod.

"He wants us to plan a luncheon for tomorrow," he adds, sifting through the mess of papers on his desk. "For all the staff. Day laborers, too. Apparently he wants to talk with everyone. We'll need a full menu from the kitchens. And we-did those new brochures come in? The ones with the fold-out map?"

"I don't know, but I can-"

"Any word on the press badges?"

"They should be here this aft-"

"Confirm it. He'll want to make sure everything's ready for next week."

I nod again, adding it to the never-ending To Do list in my head, when he glances up.

"Why aren't you writing this down?"

"I can go grab a-"

"There's no time for that right now. What's this?" He points at my ear.

My hand flies up, touching the small diamond stud. These were my mother's, once.

"No jewelry while on duty," he says. He points to my name tag. "And wipe the smudge marks off of that."

"Yes, sir."

Apparently I don't sound enthusiastic enough because he shoots me a look before sitting back down. He begins searching through the stacks of papers on his desk again, and I can't tell whether he actually knows what he's looking for or if he's just too frazzled to keep still.

"You're dismissed," he says, without looking up at me again.

I'm only too happy to escape back to my little office.

Honestly, none of the tasks he's given me are particularly difficult, but that definitely doesn't make them pleasant. As I pull up the number for a local car service, I entertain myself by brainstorming all the terrible little ways I could torture Mr. Haymore. Nothing dangerous or illegal, of course-just a prank here and there to keep him on his toes. To ruffle that mustache of his. Salt in his morning coffee, maybe. Plastic wrap across his personal toilet. You know, the usual. Unfortunately, all of these stunts would point right back to me, and in spite of all the muddled things I'm feeling about this place, I'm not willing to get fired just yet. After all the work it took to pull off this charade-calling in some favors from some less-than-reputable old friends, charming my way through three interviews, and heck, just having the courage to step inside this house again-I'm not about to throw it all away. Even for the chance to pull one over on a grumpy old warthog like Mr. Haymore. A pity, though. I think it might have been good for him.

Turns out, the universe has its own plans for keeping Haymore on his toes today.

I'm halfway through my call with the kitchen when the trouble starts.

I hear the shouts first. They're faint-from somewhere down the hall? I frown, pulling the receiver slightly away from my ear so I can hear better.

After a few seconds, it comes again. There's definitely someone yelling. Multiple someones. And it doesn't sound good.

"I'll have to call you back," I say quickly into the phone before hanging up. I leap up from my desk and hurry out to the hallway. Mr. Haymore races out of his office at the same time.

"What's going on?" he says. "What-"

Down the hall, in the direction of the main entrance, the shouting picks up again, and though I can't make out the words, it's clear that someone's definitely ticked off.

Mr. Haymore's eyes go wide in horror. He doesn't say a word to me, just rushes past me down the hall. I race after him. There's no way I'm missing this, whatever it is.

"Fuck you!" I hear as we get closer. "You fucking asswipe! You lying piece of-ooof!" The man's shouting cuts off to the unmistakable sound of someone getting socked.

"Stop it!" a woman cries. "Both of you! Stop!"

There's the sound of a struggle, and Haymore and I round the corner just in time to see someone get pushed against the wall. The man hits a portrait, knocking the piece from its hooks. The frame cracks and splits as it hits the floor. The man himself is already back on his feet, and he looks ready to kill.

It only takes me a minute to take it all in. While a small crowd of employees has started to gather, they've left a wide berth between themselves and the three people who seem to be behind this commotion: the man who just face-planted against the wall, a pretty brunette woman, and a surprisingly calm-looking handyman.

My handyman.

The bottom drops out of my stomach when I recognize the nameless, auburn-haired target of my temporary insanity. So much for avoiding him. I consider turning around and running back to my office, but I find that my feet can't move. I'm too curious.

The brunette is tugging at the arm of the other man. There's blood on his face, but I can't tell whether it's from his nose or his lip. Probably the nose. His blond hair is pushed up in all directions, and his T-shirt is torn. The woman is trying to pull him away, but he ignores her. He's seething.

It's pretty clear, even to me, a casual observer, what's going on here. You've got two guys fighting and a girl trying to pull them apart. That can only mean one thing. Looks like my handyman is a regular Casanova.

Mr. Haymore pushes through the people who've gathered near us. "What the hell is going on-"

The blond guy with the bloody nose roars and charges. The woman shrieks again, but Casanova ducks easily out of the reach of his opponent. Bloody Nose definitely has the height in this battle, but his opponent has the speed and the muscle. When Bloody Nose comes in for another charge, Casanova clocks him right in the cheek.

Beside me, Mr. Haymore's starting to go purple.

"Stop this!" he demands. "Stop this right now!"

No one hears him. For a minute I think Haymore's actually going to run out into the middle of the brawl, but he's not that reckless. Even for the sake of keeping this place a respectable establishment.

The young woman, however, is a little braver. And she doesn't seem particularly interested in watching one of her lovers beat the other to a pulp. She steps in and grabs Bloody Nose's arm again.

"Come on," she says. "Let's go."

But the blond guy jerks out of her grasp. "I'm not going anywhere with you, bitch."

My friend Casanova raises his hands in a calming gesture. "Why don't we try and discuss this like adults?" I don't miss the glint of amusement in his eyes. He's enjoying this. He's having a friggin' blast.

Bloody Nose sees it, too. "Like fuck we will."

He lunges for Casanova again, and this time he catches the handyman by the front of the T-shirt. He pushes him up against the wall, but Casanova just grins at him.

"Come on, Luke," Casanova says. "Is she really worth all of this?"

The woman makes a sound of protest, but for a moment, Bloody Nose-Luke-falters. Casanova reaches up and grabs him by the wrists.

"Let it go," he says. "There are plenty of other chicks out there. Better ones than her."

Luke relaxes his hands, and Casanova slips free and moves to the nearest doorway.

"Now if you don't mind, I need to be getting back to work like a good little employee," he says. There's still humor in his voice, but it's darker now. Almost bitter.

For a moment, it looks like it's going to end just like that. No one moves. Even Mr. Haymore is perfectly still beside me.

"Oh," Casanova adds suddenly, "And you better get someone to look at that nose. It's gushing all over the place."

That's all it takes. Luke lets out a roar of unbridled rage and throws himself at his opponent.

The two men crash into the room behind Casanova. There's the sound of a scuffle, a crash-and then wood splintering.

None of us can get to the doorway fast enough.

"Out of my way!" Mr. Haymore shouts, but no one listens. All of the onlookers want to see how this plays out, and we all try to cram ourselves through the doorway. Above the heads of the other employees, I hear the scuffle of feet, more cursing, and the smack of a fist hitting flesh.

And then, just when I think it might be over, we're treated to the sound of glass shattering. A lot of glass.

Mr. Haymore finally manages to force his way into the room, and I'm right behind him. The place is a mess. Several tables have been overturned, and two long display cases are in pieces on the floor, their contents buried beneath splinters of wood. But that's not the worst of it. On the far side of the room, the window's completely gone.

So are the two men.

Haymore darts over to the window-or the hole where the window used to be. His eyes are so wide they look like they're about to pop out of his head. The young woman who was at the center of all this drama draws up beside him, her mouth open in shock.

We're on the first floor, so they couldn't have fallen that far, but I can't imagine tumbling through glass is pleasant under any circumstances. I edge closer to the window. Outside, the two men are slowly dragging themselves to their feet. Shards of glass tumble off of their hair and clothes like crystalline rain.

And Haymore loses it.

"You're both fired," he says. "Fired! Without severance!"

Casanova gives a little shake of his head, sending a fresh sprinkling of glass into the perfectly manicured grass beneath his feet. His arms are crisscrossed with cuts, but he gives a little smile.

"Don't you think you're overreacting?" he says cheerfully. "It's just a window."

Mr. Haymore looks like he's about to have an aneurysm.

"The press will be here in just over a week," he says. "Carolson will be here tonight. This is not just a window. This is a huge problem. Rest assured, this will come out of your final paychecks."

Casanova doesn't seem particularly upset about this. Poor Luke, on the other hand, doesn't seem to have heard any of it.

"We need to get them medical help," I say. "Didn't you say there was a nurse on staff? Or do we need to drive them into Barberville?"

Mr. Haymore blinks through his rage, apparently baffled by the suggestion that we have to help the two men who just (apparently) destroyed all of his hopes and dreams.

"The medical station is down the hall," says a young woman just behind me. "Julia already went to get someone."

Already, some of the others are stepping past us, moving to help the two men. Casanova shrugs them off and pulls himself up through the broken window as if nothing's out of the ordinary (and who knows-maybe this is the norm for him), but Luke requires a little more assistance. The girl who was in the middle of this mess reaches out to him, but he jerks away. Blood dribbles from his nose down across his lip.

That's when a couple of security guards finally get around to showing up.

"Where were you?" Haymore demands.

One of the guards shrugs as he helps support Luke. "We only got the call a couple of minutes ago. We came right over."

My boss frowns. While there will be a full security team on the payroll by the time this place opens, right now there are only a handful of officers, and they're more focused on keeping the general public out than dealing with internal problems. It's a small point of pride that I suspect I'm one of the reasons these guys were brought on in the first place. Just six weeks ago or so, back when they were a little laxer about these things, I managed to sneak onto the property and spray paint dirty words all over the golf course. Juvenile, sure, but I've never experienced a rush like I did when I got chased off the property.

Well, at least until the day I showed up here with blond hair and a fake name.

Mr. Haymore is beside me again.

"Clear your schedule Ms. Thomas," he says.

"What?"

"This is now your top priority." He waves his arm at the room around us. "Fix this place. Carolson cannot see it like this."

"But-"

"Figure it out. I need to finish the preparations for the banquet tomorrow." He closes his eyes and rubs his temples. "No complaints. Don't think I won't fire you, too."

So now somehow I'm responsible for this mess? That plastic-wrap-across-the-toilet-seat thing is looking better and better by the minute. I wonder if I might be able to swipe some from the kitchen.

But I put on my Louisa Cunningham smile and nod.

"I'll do everything I can," I say. "I'll need them to send up someone to fix this window, though."

"I'll put the call through," he says. "Though I don't even want to think about what else will suffer because of this."

And with that, he turns and follows everyone else out of the room, leaving me alone with the mess.

I sigh. Might as well get to work.

For the first time, I take a good look around the room. This was once my family's summer parlor. The large windows along the eastern wall let in lots of natural light this time of the year. Now, though?

Oh, God, I realize. It's the freaking gift shop.

Technically, they're calling it the "Welcome Center." Apparently they think that makes it sound classier. And yes, there's an information desk on the far side of the room that will be stocked with brochures and maps and helpful, smiling employees at all times. But there's nothing classy about the brightly colored Huntington Manor merchandise scattered all over the room.

I walk over to one of the toppled tables. T-shirts of every color lie in piles on the floor, and I reach down and hold one up. It's neon green and has a stylized image of the house embroidered in purple thread on the front. The words "Huntington Manor" are stitched in cursive below. I drop it back in the pile. A couple of feet away, a mannequin lies in pieces. I bend over and hoist it upright again. It's wearing one of the T-shirts and a pair of jeans with "Huntington Manor" sewn in metallic thread on the back pockets.

Seriously? This place has branded jeans?

I look around. I might as well be at Disney World. There are Huntington Manor hats, tote bags, shot glasses, even Christmas ornaments. I even spot a "Kids Corner" with stuffed horses and Huntington Manor coloring books.

Rage boils up inside of me. I can't be in here. I can't look at all of this.

What did you expect? a little voice in my head says. They're wringing all the money out of this place that they can. Of course they're going to sell merchandise.

In the end, I decide to do some vacuuming first. There are a few members of the housekeeping staff already on duty, but I'm willing to do anything to put off dealing with the Huntington Manor Collection of Souvenir Crap. A few minutes later, I'm sucking up shards of glass and wood splinters out of the carpet and ignoring the T-shirts like the plague.

Look at the bright side, I tell myself. At least you won't have to worry about running into Mr. Hunky Handyman anymore.

Even now, blood rushes to my cheeks at the thought of how I behaved with him. It was crazy, kissing that man. Reckless. Stupid.

Delicious, whispers that voice in my mind.

I run my tongue across my top lip, then immediately shake my head, trying to chase away the lusty thoughts that have suddenly filled my mind. The last thing I should be doing right now is indulging in dirty daydreams. I'm not supposed to be thinking about men. Period.

I manage to rein in my imagination for the better part of the morning, and I end up getting a decent amount of work done. After my lunch break, however, when I've done every other task I can think of, I'm forced to acknowledge that it's finally time to suck it up and start working on the piles of merchandise.

I consider going all in and diving right into the T-shirts, but I decide it's better to start with something a little safer. Something that isn't going to bring my lunch right back up. Like... books. An entire bookshelf got knocked over in the scuffle, and the volumes are scattered across the floor. Books aren't obnoxious like neon clothing and key chains, right?

Wrong.

The first few titles I sift through are the kind I expected to find in a place like this: image-heavy coffee table books about the estate. They have titles like Huntington Manor: A Photographic Tour, or The Architecture of Huntington Manor. Or even Settlers of Barberville: A History of the Region. But buried beneath all of those, I find a book that makes my insides twist.

It's called The Cunninghams: The Unauthorized Story.

I stare down at the gold embossed letters on the cover. This is a joke, right? This can't be real.

But when I flip it open, the reality's too hard to ignore. It's the entire history of my family, starting with my great-great-grandfather and working forward. The last few chapters are the worst. Those are the chapters that talk about my father, Calder, and me. There's even a photograph of the three of us from some charity function. One of the last times we were all together, more than two years ago. I touch the picture, sliding my finger across my father's face. I'm starting to feel numb.

But I keep flipping. I flip until I find myself face-to-face with a picture of... well, me. It's the one the tabloids made famous last year. The one where I'm hugging a boy from the orphanage I helped renovate. It was taken several months before my father's death, and I look like the perfect little saint.

Now, though, it just makes me feel like the perfect little fraud.

Even the first time I went over to Chiang Mai, back when my father was alive and I had no real problems to worry about, was there ever a point when I wasn't thinking about myself? I worked for Cunningham Cares International because I thought it would make me feel less guilty about my wealth. I can't even remember the name of that boy in the picture.

"Doing a little light reading?"

The voice startles me, and I drop the book. My fingers feel thick, and my brain seems to be working about half as fast as it needs to. I know I should be nervous that someone just caught me looking at a photo of myself-if he got a good look at the picture, right here next to the real thing, he might recognize me-but I can't bring myself to care. I just feel cold and empty.

"Sorry, didn't mean to startle you," he says as I slowly get to my feet. I'm still so dazed by the book that when I do look up, it takes me a moment to recognize the guy in front of me.

Red-brown hair. Dirty white T-shirt. Perfect biceps marked with scratches from a hundred tiny pieces of glass.

Casanova himself is standing in front of me. Blood rushes in my ears.

"What are you doing here?" I say. My voice is a squeak. Already, my eyes are taking it in: the bandages wrapped around various parts of his body. The toolbox in his hand. He was supposed to be fired. He was supposed to be gone.

"Someone needs to fix this window," he says casually, cheerfully. As if he weren't the one who broke it only this morning. As if I weren't the girl who cornered him and tried to get in his pants only a few short days ago.

"I guess you got stuck with clean-up duty?" he asks when I don't say anything immediately.

"Unfortunately," I manage.

"Well, looks like we're about to become good friends, then." He turns and strides over toward the window. "Though I guess you could say we became good friends a few nights ago."

I'm too stunned to reply. And when he turns to grin at me, I look quickly away, letting it all sink in.

He wasn't fired. He's going to be working right next to me. And he's not going to let me forget about what I did the other night.

One thing's for sure: this day's about to get a whole lot more awkward.

CHAPTER THREE

I need to get out of here. I should go talk to Mr. Haymore. Maybe I could convince him to let me outsource this particular task.

But what would I say? I can't exactly explain the situation to that stodgy old buffoon. And if I walk out of here and leave all of this crap all over the floor, he'll fire me for sure.

I crouch back down and begin sorting through the books again. I have to stay here. That doesn't mean I have to engage with this guy. Maybe the best solution is to ignore him and finish my work. Quickly.

But Casanova seems to have other plans.

"So, what's your name?" he says after a few minutes of silence.

I slide the first stack of books back on the shelf and pretend not to hear him. I'm not above employing the tactics of a ten-year-old.

"I'm Ward," he says to my silence. "Ward Brannon. Usually girls ask for that before they stick their tongue in my mouth."

Well, I can't just let that slide.

"Oh, please. Don't act like you didn't enjoy it," I say. I shove the next stack of books a little harder than I mean to.

"I did," he admits. "But that doesn't mean I don't have a few questions."

Oh, boy. This could get dangerous quickly.

"You mean like Why did you do it?" I say. "Or What sort of girl tries to get it on with a stranger?"

"I'd settle for your name."

I don't bother looking at him. I can tell from his voice that he's enjoying this almost as much as he enjoyed that fight.

"Addison," I say finally. The name still sounds strange, no matter how many times I make myself say it. "My name is Addison."

"Addison," he repeats, like he's tasting the word. Well, he won't find much of me in that name. "So, Addison, how did you get roped into cleaning this place up?"

"Ask Mr. Haymore."

"Ah, so you're the new assistant," he says. "I should've guessed."

I don't know what that means, so I ignore it.

"So what about you?" I say, eager to turn the attention away from myself. "Why are you still here? I thought you were fired."

He gives a laugh that sounds like a grunt. "I guess it didn't stick."

As angry as Mr. Haymore was, I'm a little surprised to hear that, but maybe my boss realized he'd need every available hand in order to get this place ready on time.

I risk a glance over at him. He has his back to me, and he's measuring the area around the window-shaped hole in the wall. As I watch, he leans forward and gingerly touches the splintered wood.

"Shame," he says, almost to himself. "This was the original casement."

"Maybe you should think about that next time before you break it," I say under my breath. But he hears me.

"Technically, Luke went through the window first," he says.

"And who threw him through it?"

"Minor detail." He reaches out and breaks off one of the larger splinters. "Anyway, I tried to walk away. The fight was over. He shouldn't have charged me."

"And why, exactly, were you fighting in the first place?"

He glances back at me. He still looks amused, but there's something else in his eyes, too. Something more serious.

"Gracie failed to tell me she was seeing someone," he says simply. "So I made sure he knew she was sleeping with people behind his back."

"You say that like you were doing him a favor."

"I was. Even if he doesn't realize it yet. Gracie's trash."

Annoyance flares in my chest. "That sure didn't stop you from sleeping with her."

One corner of his mouth drifts up.

"Are you jealous?" he says. "Do I have to remind you that you grabbed me without any sort of warning? And you ran off again without even telling me your name? How was I supposed to know who you were? How do you even know I wasn't seeing Gracie before you tried to undo my belt?"

Oh, geez. I didn't even realize how that sounded. But he's not getting off the hook.

"You can't just call a woman 'trash' because she has sex with a lot of people," I say. "Especially if you're one of those people. It's a little hypocritical."

"I don't give a damn how many people she sleeps with as long as she's honest about it," he says, all humor gone. "And this has nothing to do with her being a woman. I don't care if you're a man or a woman or whatever else. If you cheat, you're trash. Period."

The anger in his voice surprises me. His blue eyes have darkened, and he turns away from me and breaks more of the splintered wood off of the window.

"So you're not taking any responsibility for this yourself?" I say.

He glances over at me. "How is this my fault?"

"Uh, last time I checked, it takes two people to cheat."

"As I said before, she didn't tell me about Luke until afterward. And as soon as I found out, I did the right thing." He turns back to the window. "I'm not going to feel bad for her. Gracie's a big girl. She can make her own decisions. But that doesn't mean she won't have to face any consequences for the bad ones."

Oh, how easily he wipes his hands of any responsibility. I grab another stack of books and drop it on the shelf.

"I don't see how beating up Luke is the 'right thing'."

"That," he replies, "is his own fault. I told him to let it go. He was the one who started throwing punches. I was just defending myself."

You were enjoying it, I want to say. It was all a game to you. Geez, he was a lot more attractive before he opened his mouth. I want to go back to that place where he was just that sexy, nameless handyman I threw myself at.

Somehow, miraculously, I've finished with the books. I climb to my feet and turn toward the overturned table of T-shirts. My stomach instantly sinks. One thing I'll say about arguing with cocky, auburn-haired jerks: it keeps your mind off of the things that are really bothering you.

I've managed to turn the table upright before he speaks again.

"Look, I'm not claiming to be a saint," he says. "But I have no patience for cheaters. I don't care what people say-cheating never 'just happens.' If your eye's wandering, then there's something wrong with your relationship. Either work things out with your partner or have the balls to break things off before jumping into bed with someone else. It's pretty simple."

"So you've never cheated on anyone?"

"No." He pauses. "Not even when attractive women throw themselves at me."

My cheeks go hot. I thought we were past that. But I can't stop my tongue. "So if Gracie hadn't been in the picture, you would've gone through with it?"

He's looking at me again, but I can't read his expression. "Gone through with what, exactly? How far would you have gone if I hadn't stopped you?"

I don't even want to know. A blow job? Full-out sex? I was in a bad place. Desperate for a distraction. For something, anything, to make me feel human again.

When I glance up, I realize he's no longer at the window. Instead, he's moving slowly toward me. It takes me a moment to read the intention in his eyes, and by the time I do, it's too late. He's standing in front of me, and the table's at my back. I'm trapped.

He leans toward me, dropping his hands to the table on either side of my hips. I have to lean back if I don't want his face to collide with mine.

Which I don't, I tell myself. I definitely don't.

His eyes are gleaming. With humor, but with something else, too-something devilish. Something wicked. He's so close that can smell that hint of sweat I noticed on him the other day. I could probably count the loose threads along the collar of his T-shirt. There are dozens of tiny cuts on his neck, marks from the broken glass. How many more lacerations does he have beneath his shirt? On the parts of his body I can't see?

I tear my eyes away from his neck, trying to fight back any images of his naked chest. But when I meet his eyes again, the expression I find there is much more dangerous.

"How far would you have taken things?" he asks, his voice low. "How far were you willing to go with a stranger?"

One of his hands lifts off the table, and his fingers brush against my arm just above the wrist. I suppress a shiver.

"You were willing to kiss me," he says, bringing his face down toward mine. He stops just shy of my mouth, but I can feel his breath on my lips. "You were willing to slip your tongue into my mouth."

I can't move. He's almost a foot taller than me, and it hurts my neck to keep looking up at his face, but every muscle in my body is frozen. Even my lungs don't seem to be working right.

His fingers drift up my arm, skimming across the elbow.

"You were willing to take off my clothes," he says. "Do you still want to take them off? Or would you rather I took off yours?" Every word is a warm wash of breath across my face.

My fingers tingle slightly, and I clench my hands into fists so I'm not tempted to reach for his fly.

His hand has reached my sleeve, and he slides two fingers beneath the fabric. He's only touching my shoulder, hardly anything scandalous, and yet somehow it feels inappropriate.

"What would you do," he murmurs, "if I picked up where we left off? If I flipped you over and took you right here? Right on top of this table?" He shifts his hips forward slightly, pressing them against mine. "Or is it different, now that you know my name?"

His fingers still caress my shoulder, but now he lifts his other hand to my hair. Just as before, he wastes no time in tangling his fingers in the strands. And then he grabs a handful, not quite enough to hurt, and pulls my head back so I can't look down again, even if I wanted to. His eyes flash.

"Does this still excite you?" he asks.

I try to lie and shake my head, but it's hard with my hair in his grip. Harder still when my whole body feels like jelly. His fingers slip out of my sleeve and grab the collar of my shirt, pulling it aside and exposing my shoulder. His thumb grazes the bare skin, but his eyes never leave mine.

"You're awfully quiet," he says, "for someone who was so forward the other day."

I finally find my voice. "Maybe it's better that way. I liked you a lot better before you opened your mouth."

My comment catches him by surprise, but then humor floods his eyes. He throws back his head and laughs, releasing me.

I let out a breath as he moves away from me, but I still have to grip the table a moment longer while the feeling rushes back into my limbs.

This is dangerous. This is very, very dangerous. I don't like the effect this guy has on me. I'm supposed to be staying away from situations like this. Not melting beneath the touch of the first guy to offer me a new distraction.

I turn around and bend down to grab the nearest pile of Huntington Manor T-shirts.

"For someone who's so self-righteous about cheating," I say, "you certainly don't have a problem jumping between girls quickly."

"Just to be clear," Ward says, "nothing happened between me and Gracie until yesterday. And it won't happen ever again. So that's not really an issue here." He's returned to his work at the window, but I still don't risk turning around.

I take several deep breaths, trying to get my heart rate back to normal. My body might be eager for a little fun, but I don't want another complication in my life. Even one with amazing arms.

But Ward's not about to let me ignore him.

"What about you?" he asks after a minute.

"What?"

"Have you ever cheated?"

I grab another handful of T-shirts. "That's a little personal, isn't it?"

"More personal than sticking your hand in a stranger's pants?"

I'm not even going to respond to that.

"No," I tell him simply. "No. I've never cheated." But even as I say it, a knot forms in my stomach. No, I've never had sex with someone when I was committed to someone else. But the real crime here isn't the sex-it's the abuse of someone's trust. I might not have strayed physically or emotionally, but that whole mess with Ian still feels like a betrayal.

My answer must satisfy Ward, though, because he drops the subject.

I look back down at the T-shirts. The colors are so bright that I'm afraid they're going to burn my retinas, but it's better than looking at the guy I almost-but-didn't-quite make a very, very bad mistake with. I need to stop making new mistakes and start fixing the ones I've already made. No more excuses.

And if I'm going to be a better, stronger person, I can start by sucking it up and dealing with these T-shirts already. Even if every time I see that stupid embroidered "Huntington Manor" logo I feel like I'm being stabbed in the gut. I get to work, making my way through an entire pile of hot pink shirts and half a pile of the electric purple ones before I find my gaze drifting back over to Ward.

He's leaning against the wall, scribbling on a little notepad. His brow is slightly wrinkled in concentration, and every once in a while, he sucks his bottom lip into his mouth, just a little, as his pencil moves across the page. Once, he stops to scratch his side. His shirt slides up just a little, and my eyes drop to the exposed skin before I can stop them.

Shame he turned out to be a jerk, I think, tearing my gaze away from his abs. Shame I'm not supposed to be thinking about men in the first place.

"Do you always stare at people when they're working?" he says. He glances up. "Or did you change your mind about my earlier offer?"

"Are you going to be able to finish that window by tonight?" I ask, ignoring his question.

He laughs, allowing the dodge. "No way in hell. I'll be lucky if I can get all the wood cut by tonight." He turns and looks at the remains of the window again. "The upside to this is that it really needed the update. Look at this. The wood had started to rot. No wonder we went through. I wonder if the others are this bad."

I glance down the room at the other windows.

"They're pretty old," I admit.

"It's not the age that's the problem with this place," he replies. "It's the lack of proper upkeep. You'd have been shocked if you'd seen the condition of this place when I started working here."

I try unsuccessfully to ignore the prickle of annoyance in my chest. "Well, it was vacant for a few months after the sale, wasn't it? That's probably the problem."

He snorts. "The problem is that those people didn't take care of their house."

Those people. My fist tightens around the T-shirt in my hand until my knuckles are white. By 'those people,' he means my family.

"Don't get me wrong," he says. "There are a lot of cool things about this place. It's fascinating, really. The original architect was definitely going for something Gothic, and you don't see that a lot on this side of the pond. Especially in a private home. It's more of a work of art than an actual living space." He shrugs. "But of course the Cunninghams needed all their modern amenities, so you end up with this weird mishmash of new and old."

"You'd rather they hadn't put in electricity?"

"I didn't say that. I mean there are ways to incorporate technology into places like this while preserving the integrity of the original design. And throwing in computerized closets isn't the way to do it." He shakes his head. "But that's not even what pisses me off. It's that they threw all their money into shit like that and didn't even do standard maintenance. They were letting this place slowly crumble into pieces. Don't get me wrong-the foundation's sound. But this house needed a lot of updates to meet code."

"Well," I say, trying to keep my voice neutral, "I imagine it's hard for one family to keep up with a place like this."

"Exactly," he says as if I've just proved his point. "I don't care how rich you are. There's no reason you need a place this size. Especially when you can't take care of it."

I press my lips together. I should keep my mouth shut. The last thing I need to do is blow my cover before I've even been here a week.

But what am I supposed to do? Sit by and let Mr. Casanova badmouth my family?

"Wasn't it passed down through the family?" I say casually. "Maybe it wasn't just a simple matter of needing or even choosing to live here."

"Everything's a choice."

"But if you were born to a place like this," I say, "if your family history was built into these walls, would you have just been able to give it up?"

I don't dare look at him, but I can feel his eyes on me. I force myself to fold the shirt in front of me.

"I'd like to think that even if I'd been born to that privilege, I'd still have had the strength of character to sell this place and actually do something meaningful with my life," he says, not bothering to hide his resentment. "The problem with people who live in places like this is that they think money is everything. Their self-worth is tied to how many rooms they have in their houses and how many thousand-dollar suits they have hanging in their closets. This place was a status symbol, nothing more. Can you imagine what sort of difference they might have made if they'd used their money to change the world instead of building a rooftop pool or buying another Ferrari for their sixteen-car garage?"

And there it is: the question I've struggled with since I was a teenager. The question that drove me to Thailand. It never seemed like enough that my family had sponsored dozens of philanthropic projects throughout the years, not when we were still drowning in luxury. Not when we barely had to lift a finger to "support" some abstract cause on the other side of the world.

I grab another shirt and begin to fold it. I'm not allowed to be this upset about losing this house. I should be looking at this as my opportunity to become something more than a privileged, self-centered ex-heiress.

"Did I say something wrong?" Ward asks after a minute.

I need to be more careful. Smile. Flip my hair. There will always be people who upset you, my father used to say. Either by choice or by accident. Don't let them see you sweat. Addison Thomas wouldn't get upset about something like this. Neither should Lou.

"Nothing's wrong," I say sweetly. I fold the next shirt.

He's looking at me. I can tell because the tiny hairs on the back of my neck are prickling. I grab another shirt and tell myself that I don't care what Ward's thinking. At least if I'm disgusted with him I'm not thinking about the way his fingers felt on the bare skin of my shoulder.

"I'm sorry," he says finally.

I grab the next shirt. "Sorry for what?"

"For making this mess. Getting you stuck with all this extra work."

He sounds sincere, at least. But I'm not interested in being friends with this guy. I can't imagine a scenario where that would end well.

So I say nothing. As the afternoon goes on, he talks to me a couple more times, but I respond to him with one-word answers. He probably thinks I'm a bitch, but that's okay. He can't think any worse of me than I think of myself these days.

Finally, he sighs and says, "I don't know what I did wrong. I wasn't trying to piss you off, I promise."

"You didn't piss me off," I say. "I just have a lot to do."

"Again, sorry about that." His voice is light. "But hey, at least I got you away from Haymore for a few hours, huh?"

I don't reply. He finally gets the hint, though, because a few minutes later he says, "I need to go get some supplies."

And I don't see him again for the rest of the afternoon.

* * *

That night, I can't sleep.

It's nothing new for me. This past year, I've been lucky to get four hours a night. In Chiang Mai, I used to lie next to Ian and listen to his slow, steady breathing. It should have been calming, watching the rise and fall of his chest as he slept, but instead it woke something terrible inside of me-a panic that made my heart beat so quickly that more than once I thought I was dying. My whole body would shake, and my breath would stick in my throat until my head grew light and fuzzy.

Sometimes when that happened, I'd roll over and shake Ian. I'd kiss him as he woke and pull him into my arms. And slowly, his warmth and his touch would bring me back, make me feel safe again.

But there's no one here now.

I toss and turn on my bed. The mattress is too soft for my taste, but honestly, even a nicer bed wouldn't help much. I have too much on my mind and no one to chase the thoughts away.

You have to learn to do this on your own, I tell myself. But I feel like I'm going crazy, lying here and trying to calm the thoughts rushing through my brain. My body is exhausted from a day spent cleaning that stupid gift shop, but it's like my mind is doped up on something. The harder I try to push everything aside, to let it go just for a little while so I can get some rest, the more it clamors for attention.

I can't stop thinking about what Ward said today. This house was a status symbol, nothing more. I resented this place as a teenager, for exactly the reason he's criticizing it now: it's excessive. I knew it then, and it's even clearer now. I don't miss this house as much as I miss everything it represents. The lifestyle. The security. The sense of identity. Everything that made me a Cunningham has been stripped away. Where does that leave me? I'm not the girl I thought I was. And I'm definitely not the selfless, kindhearted girl that the world thinks I am.

But that's not the only thing that's keeping me up. Every time the guilt starts to overwhelm me, my mind leaps to its latest distraction: the memory of Ward's breath on my face. The feeling of his hands on me. Stupid, infuriating Ward-this is the last thing I need right now.

But I can't keep myself from wondering-what would he have done in the gift shop today if I'd called his bluff? If I'd agreed to pick things up where we left off the other day? Would he really have let me pull off his pants? Would he have thrown me down on the table and taken me on top of those ridiculous T-shirts?

That's not the real question, though. The real question is would I have gone through with it? I remember the way I froze, caught up in the sensations running through my body. Even now, just thinking about it, there's a slow throb growing between my legs. It would have been so easy to tell him yes. To let him slide my skirt up over my hips and yank my underwear down. To lean back and spread my thighs for him. To give in to the lust and let him help me forget everything for a little while.

I let my hand slide down between my legs. My pajama pants are pretty thin, and even the lightest touch against myself through the fabric sends a tremor through my body. I promised myself I'd stay away from men for a while, but that doesn't mean I can't satisfy myself. I let a single finger drift along the ridge between my legs. A small sigh escapes my lips. I imagine myself naked on my back, a figure with hard muscles and auburn hair leaning over me...

No.

I yank my hand away. I'm not going to let myself fantasize about Ward. Indulging those sorts of thoughts is only encouraging them. I need to get him out of my mind, not get myself more sexually riled up over him. I remind myself of all the things he implied about my family, and that tempers my mood a little.

I throw off my blanket and climb out of bed. I should stop pretending I'm going to get any sleep tonight. I walk over to the dresser and grab my laptop. I bought this computer when I first left for Thailand, hoping to stay connected with the rest of the world while I was off looking for my purpose. When it was brand new, it was one of the most hi-tech, swankiest laptops on the market, but it's about five years old now and it takes a good ten minutes to boot up. I draw one knee up to my chest and wait patiently for the startup screen, trying not to think. I'd almost prefer the emptiness again than the madness in my head right now.

My computer's finally awake, and I force myself to let out a long breath as I open the Internet browser. Maybe I'll just drown myself in kitten videos until I'm drunk on the utter adorableness.

But it doesn't matter how many kittens or puppies or tiny baby bunnies I watch. The videos don't make me feel any better. They're just another distraction, and they're not nearly as effective as someone's tongue in my mouth or his fingers moving between my legs.

After a while, I give up and pull up my email. I don't get a lot of messages these days-it's funny how many friends abandon you when you no longer have any money-but sometimes my brother sends me things. He's started messaging me regularly, updating me on his life and asking how I'm doing. Apparently he's engaged now. I read every message from him, sometimes multiple times, but I can't bring myself to answer. Mostly because I'd rather not say anything than lie to him. If he knew where I was right now, he'd kill me.

Still, I like knowing that he's okay. It makes me feel a little better to know that one of us, at least, has managed to get their act together.

I'm due for another email from him any day now, but it's not my brother's name I see when I open my inbox. Instead, it's the only name that could make me feel even worse tonight.

Ian Dennings.

Ian. Ian has emailed me. It's been almost two months since I ran from him and Cunningham Cares, and this is the first time he's tried to contact me. The way things ended between us, I'm almost afraid to look at the subject line, but my eyes drift over against my will. All it says is, "Hi."

My breath is stuck in my throat. Why is he emailing me now? I can only imagine the things he wants to say to me. I used him. I broke his heart. I ran away without even an apology.

I should just delete it. Reading this email will only open up an old can of worms, and I'm not sure I want to go there. I'm not sure I have the emotional strength to go there, not with everything this house has dragged up again.

But I refuse to be any more of a coward than I already am. I open the message before I have the chance to talk myself out of it.

Lou -

I hope all is well with you. I returned from Chiang Mai last week. We finished our addition on the children's home and are already in the planning stages for another on the other side of the region. I might go back in October. I haven't decided yet.

I know you probably don't want to hear from me. I don't wish to intrude, but I wanted to extend an apology. I didn't handle things well between us. It never should have started in the first place (and I take full responsibility for that), but it also never should have ended the way it did. I apologize for everything. I've been looking into opportunities for reassignment with Cunningham Cares. If you wish to return to your position at the Chiang Mai division, I can make sure I won't be there.

But Lou - maybe it's inappropriate to say this, but I can't just let it go. I can't stop thinking about you. I told you that night that I loved you, and I thought those feelings would fade, but they haven't. I've done a lot of thinking since you left. I told myself it was better for both of us to move on, and I've genuinely tried, but time and again my thoughts return to you. My feelings haven't changed or faded.

If you want to cut ties completely, I understand. I will respect your wishes. But if there's any part of you that wishes to see me again, if only to let me apologize in person... I don't know if this is out of line, but I have some free time these days and I'm willing to travel to wherever you are. Please consider it. If you've already moved on, or if you've met someone else, then I wish both of you the best. Know that, Lou, wherever you are and whatever you're doing-I want you to be happy.

I read through it four times just to make sure I haven't gone completely insane. I don't know what I was expecting, but it wasn't this. Not an apology. Not more talk about love.

I'd rather have gotten anger. Hatred. I certainly deserve it. Instead, he's apologizing to me. Like he was the one who's done something wrong. He's offering to give up his position-the work he was born to do-to make me comfortable. This-I don't know what to do with this.

There he is, in my mind: my sweet, generous Ian, his arms open and his eyes full of forgiveness. He was always so quick to let things go, to see the good in people and forget the bad things they've done. Even when those people didn't deserve it. We both know that I'm the awful one. The selfish one.

I slam my laptop closed and get off the bed. I don't know how to deal with this right now. I don't know what I could possibly reply to make this better, or if I should even reply at all. Maybe it's better to ignore his message. To let him go, for his own sake.

God knows there's no hope left for me.

CHAPTER FOUR

The next morning, I feel like there are a hundred tiny little men trying to break out of my skull with pickaxes.

I didn't sleep at all the previous night. I spent a while pacing back and forth until my legs started to shake, and then I curled up by the window and pressed my cheek against the glass, staring out across the estate until the sky brightened with the light of pre-dawn.

I'm currently on my fourth coffee. I was able to finish my last few tasks in the gift shop before Ward showed up, and I'm more grateful for that than I want to admit. I don't want to know how I would have responded if he'd made me another offer to continue our, ahem, acquaintance.

As usual, Mr. Haymore's running around like a chicken with his head cut off. Edward Carolson and his family arrived late last night, and my boss wants everything to be ready for the luncheon at noon today. That means I've got my errand-girl hat on, but I'm more than happy with the busywork. It keeps me from thinking about Ian's email. It also allows me to spend most of the morning willfully ignoring the knowledge that I'm about to meet Edward Carolson in person for the first time.

Only when I head with Mr. Haymore to the large formal dining room to prepare for the banquet does it sink in: I'm about to be face-to-face with the man responsible for turning my family's home into this theme park. The one person I hate more than any other person on the planet.

Why couldn't he have just moved in here and left it at that? Heck, why couldn't he have torn this whole place down? Better than turning it into a product. A joke.

I rush around after Mr. Haymore, helping him straighten centerpieces and trying to keep him out of the way of the waitstaff. Thank God most of our full-time servers were already undergoing training this week, or we'd have had to call in people from an outside staffing company. The kitchen was able to wrangle a few extra hands to get all of the food prepared. We even had some fresh flowers brought in from a little company in Barberville.

Still, Haymore's freaking out, and I'm not feeling much better. My hands are shaking, but I'm not sure whether that's from the coffee or my nerves about meeting Carolson.

I don't know why I'm letting myself get so worked up. Carolson's just some businessman. And I'm supposed to be Addison, Mr. Haymore's assistant. I need to calm down.

When Haymore runs off to say something to the kitchen manager, I move over to the wall, out of the hustle and bustle. For a moment, I just watch the people running to and fro and try to catch my breath. After a couple of minutes, though, I find my eyes being drawn up to the ceiling.

The mural is still there-the beautiful pastoral scene my grandparents commissioned after a trip to Italy. Unlike the cherubs they've painted throughout the rest of the house, there's a beauty, a grace to this piece. And it brings back so many memories, both big and small, that I have to close my eyes.

There, in the pit of my stomach, is the hollowness again. I reach for it, calling it up, letting it slowly fill me until the memories are gone. Until everything is gone but that dark, gaping hole. Until everything's been replaced with numbness.

When Mr. Haymore finds me again, I'm calm. My hands are no longer shaking, and I follow his orders with mechanical efficiency.

Finally, he grabs my arm and says, "He's here."

He expects me to follow him to the doorway, and I do. My steps are heavy, but I don't feel the need to tug nervously at my hair or talk myself up. Carolson is just a man, after all, and I'm past caring today.

I spot Carolson right away. I've seen photos of him before, and he looks exactly like he does in pictures. Today, he's wearing a blue suit that probably cost more than that beat-up car of mine sitting in the employee parking lot. His salt-and-pepper hair is clipped short and straight, and he has a wide politician's smile that he flashes when he catches sight of Mr. Haymore.

"Charles," he says, "you've outdone yourself." He sounds like a politician, too. His voice is bright but controlled.

Mr. Haymore looks pleased at the compliment. "I hope you enjoy the menu they're preparing, sir."

They fall into talking, and I find my eyes wandering to the people behind Carolson. I recognize them, too. There's Laura, Carolson's wife, talking to a younger woman in a dark suit who's probably one of the family's personal assistants. Laura has bottle-blond hair and wears a strand of pearls with a pale pink sheath dress. She looks like the classic executive's wife.

And there, just past her, are the couple's two children. They're as well-dressed and polished as their parents. Their son, Troy, is about my age, and if someone said "former prep school crew captain," he's exactly the picture that comes to mind. A life-sized Ken doll. Their daughter, Rebecca, is a couple of years younger. She takes after her mother, though her hair is still naturally blond.

It's strange. It's like the Stepford version of my family. Except with both parents still alive. And the children still speaking to each other. It doesn't feel right, having them in my house.

Their house.

I close my eyes, falling back into the numbness. After a moment, I can breathe again, and by the time I open my eyes, Mr. Haymore's already leading the family to the table at the front of the room. He turns to me.

"Sit at the table next to ours," he says. "I want you close in case we need something. Talk to their assistants, if you can. See if you can pick up on anything for me." And then he turns and shows the Carolsons to their seats.

And that's it. After all the nerves, after building it up in my head, Carolson and his family never even spared me a glance. I might as well have been invisible.

I'm more okay with that than I should be. Maybe it's just the emptiness eating away at me, but I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be feeling right now.

I take my seat at the table Haymore mentioned. Other staff members are slowly filing in, taking places at tables around the room. Most are smiling and chatting with each other. Probably excited to have an extra-long catered lunch break today. I've never seen this many people in this room before. Even when I was younger, when we still had a full staff on the estate, they never reached these numbers. And this is just the start-when the press gets here next week, the numbers will jump up again. And when the doors open for the grand opening...

I blink once, twice, letting that thought slip away into the void.

My mind fades more or less out of blankness as the crowd settles and people take their seats. After a moment, Mr. Haymore rises and welcomes everyone. I think Carolson gives a brief greeting as well, but honestly, I don't really listen to either of them. I just don't care. Eventually, someone gives the signal, and the waitstaff pours in with the salad course.

The meal goes by in a blur. I'm sure the food is delicious, but I hardly touch it. I'm not hungry. Sometimes someone else at the table will ask me a question, and I answer as briefly and politely as I can. If Mr. Haymore wants special insights about Carolson and Co., he's going to have to find them on his own.

We make it to the dessert course before Carolson stands again. I only notice because a hush settles over the room, and I force myself to glance up from my lap.

Carolson's wearing that smile again. He gives a little wave before clearing his throat.

"I hope all of you have been enjoying lunch," he says. "I must say, I'm delighted by the welcome I've received here. And by the progress you all have made with this place since the last time I dropped in. If I'm being honest, there were times I questioned this investment. Times I wondered if it would all come together the way I always pictured it. And I want you to know that you have far exceeded my expectations."

His little speech receives a round of applause, and I find my gaze floating away from him, out across the room. Whatever my feelings about the man, his employees seem to like his words.

"I've only had the chance to see a little of the improvements since my arrival," he continues, "but Charles has promised me a tour after we're done here today. As you know, we only have a few days before we open our doors to the world, and we need everything to be perfect. We all have a busy week ahead of us, but I trust that all of you will make a commitment to making Huntington Manor all that it can be."

That gets another scattering of applause. My eyes continue to drift across the room, taking in the excitement, the pride in everyone's eyes. Carolson seems to know exactly what to say to inspire his employees.

But then I see him: the only person in the whole room who's not buying into this. The only one looking at Carolson with something akin to anger-no, disgust. I almost don't recognize him at first. He looks so different in that white button-down, but that red-brown hair is unmistakable, even across the room. None of the humor I saw in his face yesterday is there. Ward's back is stiff, and he's gripping his fork so tightly that it looks like he's about to drive it right through the table.

"I had a vision, the first time I saw this place," I hear Carolson say, as if from far away. "A vision of beauty and luxury. And I knew I had to do everything in my power to bring that vision to life. Most people in this world aren't born blessed. Most people in this world must fight for every penny they have, and even if they fight for every single day of their life, they might never have the chance to live like this. I wanted to give them that chance. I wanted to give them the opportunity to experience life in a place like this, even if it's only for a week or a night or an hour. And it's our job to give them that experience. We have a responsibility to this house to bring it back to life, and a responsibility to the people who stay here to make their lives a little brighter, too. Everyone who sets foot in Huntington Manor will be treated like the master of the house."

It's a pretty speech, and the applause that follows is furious. People are eating this stuff up-everyone except Ward, whose jaw is tight and who looks like he's about to leap up and punch something.

Around the room, people have started to rise, showing their support for Carolson with a standing ovation. Ward rises, too, jerking to his feet and throwing his napkin down on the table, and for a moment I think he's actually going to do it-that he's actually going to storm across the room and sock Carolson in the face. Instead, he turns and stalks out of the room. A couple of the other people at his table glance questioningly after him, but most of the employees don't even notice. They're too focused on the charismatic, well-spoken man in front of them.

Carolson says a few more words, but I don't hear them. I'm too curious about Ward's reaction. I consider slipping out and going after him-at this point, I'm not sure I care whether half the room sees me walk out-but I have no idea where he would have gone. So I sit there, full plate in front of me, letting the noise of the room wash over me.

I don't really notice when Carolson sits down. I don't notice much of anything until someone taps me on the arm, and I look up to find Mr. Haymore just behind me.

"I've been calling you, Ms. Thomas," he says. His mustache twitches, and I know he's only suppressing his temper because Carolson's sitting ten feet behind us.

"I'm sorry, sir," I say numbly. "I was just thinking about what Mr. Carolson said. It was very inspiring."

It was the right thing to say. Mr. Haymore's eyes soften slightly, and he gives a nod of approval.

"I need you to run to my office and fetch the schedule for next week. The revised one. With my notes."

"Of course," I say, rising.

I feel a little lighter when I leave the room. Enough that I take my time walking down the hall. It's funny-with all of the employees currently back in the dining room, with none of the usual hustle and bustle of preparation going on around me, I can almost pretend that all of the renovations are just part of a bad dream. That nothing has changed since I was a teenager, and I'm just back for a visit after an extended trip overseas. The garish decorating job is all wrong, of course, but I can ignore that if I close my eyes. I don't need to see to know my way around here. I stop and take off my heels, letting my toes sink down into the carpet. I never wore shoes as a kid, and the softness of the carpet against my bare soles completes the illusion.

And just like that-eyes closed, feet bare, arms spread wide-I stroll down the hall. Pretending I'm young again. Pretending I never left home in the first place.

For a few minutes, at least. As I near my father's old study, the hammering starts again, pulling me right back into the present.

I open my eyes. The hammering is coming from down the hall-from the direction of the Welcome Center.

It's not much of a mystery who it is. And instead of turning into Haymore's office, I find myself continuing down the hall toward the sound. Sure enough, when I reach the door to the Welcome Center, I find Ward inside, hard at work on the window.

He's still angry. It's obvious without even seeing his face. There's frustration in every line of his body. He's cast aside the ill-fitting button-down. The shirt's in a pile in the corner, and his torso's completely bare. I try not to notice the way the muscles of his back contract as he holds a piece of wood in place. Or the way that tattoo across his bicep moves with every swing of his arm.

A flicker of something begins to burn in my belly, growing slowly and heating the emptiness from the inside out.

"Need something?"

I jump at the sound of his voice. He doesn't even stop hammering, let alone turn around. So much for me being a super spy.

"You left the luncheon," I say.

"And so you decided to follow me and make sure I'm okay? I'm touched." He doesn't sound particularly happy to see me.

"Hate to break it to you, but I haven't crossed the line into 'stalker' just yet." I lean against the doorway, trying to look casual. "Mr. Haymore sent me to get something from his office and I heard the hammering."

He finally stops hammering and turns to look at me. There's still tension in his face, but he manages a bitter smile.

"Just getting some work done," he says. "You heard the man. Everything has to be perfect before the press people start showing up."

He flips the hammer in his hand, but he's not going to convince me that everything is fine and dandy.

"What was going on back there?" I ask.

His blue eyes flash with something intense, but he keeps the smile. "What? You weren't inspired by the brilliant Edward Carolson?"

No, not particularly-but I have a good reason for hating Carolson. What I don't understand is why Ward is having this reaction toward the man.

I step into the room, remembering too late that I still have my heels in my hand. Oh well.

"I wasn't upset enough to leave," I say. Funny how easy it is to dull those emotions when you're trying.

"I'm already working fourteen hours a day for that asshole," he says. "And I'm not the only one. And in comes good old Carolson, talking like he's been pouring his own blood and tears into this damn place, expecting us to drop everything just so he can feel important. Those people are all the same."

I stop three feet in front of him. "Those people?"

"Rich fucks. They're all the same." He tosses his hammer aside, and it crashes into his toolbox with a clatter that makes me flinch. "Yelling at us if we poor working chumps aren't doing our menial labor at inhuman speeds, then turning around and forcing us to dress up and go to stupid luncheons designed to make them feel important. Oh, they all act like events like this are their way of showing their appreciation for all of our hard work, but in reality it's just an excuse for them to show off and look down at all of their loyal little workers."

Them. Not just Carolson, then. He means all "rich fucks." No doubt he thinks the same thing about my family. He already believes we ruined this house. Why shouldn't we be self-serving assholes, too?

Anger flares inside of me at his self-righteousness. From what I've seen of him, Ward's not exactly the master of good behavior. But on the heels of my annoyance comes the shame: haven't I been a self-serving asshole all my life? When have I really put anyone else before myself?

Ward still looks like he wants to punch something. His eyes have darkened to the color of a raging sea.

"Trust me," he says. "Spend a few years around people like Carolson and you'll see."

Oh, I see. I see all too well. How am I any different than Carolson? When I was in Thailand, supposedly helping other people, I was posing for pictures, playing a part. I helped renovate orphanages for the photo op. So people would look at me and think, "Ah, that Louisa Cunningham actually cares! She's not spoiled like the rest of them." I was cultivating the image of Lou, the selfless, kindhearted heiress.

I feel like all the fight has been sucked out of me. Let Ward or anyone else say what they want about me and my family. It's true. It's all true. The empty void is yawning in my belly again, and I close my eyes.

"Addison?"

Addison. That's right. I'm Addison. I need to smile. Laugh. Not get worked up over someone's passing comments about rich people.

But when I look up at him, the smile freezes before it ever reaches my lips. He's closer than I thought he was, close enough for me to be able to watch the anger seep out of his eyes. In its place is something else-something that reignites that little pulse of heat deep inside of me.

I'm suddenly very aware of the fact that he's half naked. My eyes drop to his chest. He was working hard enough before I showed up that there's already a thin layer of sweat on his skin. There's a dusting of hair on his chest, lighter and redder than the thicker strands growing on his head. The wicked, rebellious part of me wants to reach out and touch it.

"You're not here to listen to me vent, are you?" he says, and when I lift my face again I find that devilish glint is back in his eyes. "You're here for something else."

Am I? Is that really why I came to investigate the hammering?

I want to. It would be so easy, to stand on my toes and raise my lips to his. To slide my hands across the muscles on his chest. To reach down and undo his belt. There's no one to stop us-everyone else is still at the luncheon.

He sways toward me slightly, but he doesn't touch me. He's waiting for me to make the first move. To admit that he's right, that I still want what I wanted that first night when I grabbed him without even knowing his name. That I want to taste his lips again. That I want to run my hands through that thick red-brown hair...

But I'm not falling into that trap. I'm supposed to be staying away from men. But it's hard to remind myself of that when I'm standing so close to him. When I can smell him and feel the heat radiating off of his body.

I muster up my willpower and back up a step. Then another. Then-

My heel hits something, and I'm falling backwards. Out the hole in the wall where the window used to be. There's a horrible split second when I realize what's happening. When fear seizes me and my stomach shoots up into my throat. But then Ward grabs me and yanks me back into the room. He falls onto his back, and I fall on top of him.

We both lie there for a moment, stunned. My heart is thumping so quickly I'm sure he can feel it. I can feel his own against my chest. He's still gripping me by the arms. My hands clutch his shoulders. I don't know where my shoes are. Probably out the window. My legs have fallen on either side of his, and the sudden realization that I'm straddling him sends a rush of blood up my neck.

I sit up halfway, but that's a mistake because now I'm looking right down at his face. It was one thing to refuse him when I was standing a couple of feet away. But when I'm sprawled on top of him, his bare chest beneath me, his eyes still dark with desire...

My mouth is on his before the logical side of my brain has the chance to remind me that this is a very bad idea. I must have caught him by surprise again because once more it takes about half a second before he responds to the kiss. But when he does respond, it's with a hunger I wasn't expecting, even after the last time. His lips attack mine, and his arms slide around me, holding me against his body. My nerves come to life as our tongues tangle with each other. I need to breathe, but I can't bring myself to tear my mouth away from his.

Only a short time ago, I was in a zombie-like trance at the luncheon. Numb. Just trying to get through it all. This is the opposite. Every part of me is awake. Not just my body. My mind. My emotions. Everything I've been holding back since I arrived here seems to rush forward at once, and I pour that desperate energy into my kiss. Into my hands as they explore the muscles of his chest. Into my legs as they twine with his.

I have nowhere else to send it. All my grief. All my anger. All my guilt. I want to forget all about it. Send it out of me.

Ward's hands slide down and cup either side of my butt, pressing me down against him. I moan against his mouth. There's a need, an urgency in his touch that I've never felt before. Not even with Ian.

Oh God-Ian.

I freeze, my lips still against Ward's. What am I doing?

I can't do this again. I won't do it. Not to someone else. Not when I'm still hurting Ian.

I jerk upright. Ward's eyes are still slightly glazed, but I see a sliver of uncertainty there. He reaches up toward my cheek. "What...?"

I pull away before he can touch me and scramble to my feet. I was supposed to stay away from men. I was supposed to stop using other people as a distraction. How am I supposed to sort out my crap when I make the same mistakes over and over again?

"Is everything okay?" Ward asks.

He's already on his feet behind me. I glance around for my shoes, but sure enough, they're on the ground outside the window. Too bad.

"Everything's fine," I tell Ward. I don't look at him. My skin's still flushed, my body still eager to lose itself in his. I guess you can't just wish away old weaknesses.

"I'm sorry," I tell him softly.

And then, for the second time in a week, I run away from him.

CHAPTER FIVE

As usual, the universe is quick to dole out some instant karma for my indiscretion. Not half an hour after the luncheon ends, I'm informed that I will be accompanying Haymore and the Carolsons on their little tour of the grounds this afternoon.

I've spent every minute since I left Ward beating myself up for being such an idiot. I'm not an animal. I should be able to make it through a day without trying to jump someone's bones. I don't care how upset I am-I promised myself that I wouldn't look for that kind of comfort anymore.

It's hard enough, remembering how I treated Ian. How easily I gave in to those urges, even when I looked into his eyes and saw emotions I knew I could never return. I don't want to be that girl any longer. I don't want to take two steps backward for every one I take forward.

I need to take responsibility for myself. And that means avoiding temptation-Ward-at all costs. It also means sitting down and responding to Ian's email. Apologizing for the way I treated him once and for all.

So while Mr. Haymore's gathering his things for the tour, I quickly pull up my personal email and open a reply box.

Ian-

There was never any need for you to apologize for the things that happened between us. I take full responsibility for all of it, and I hate that I've caused you guilt on top of the pain. It's my turn to say I'm sorry. I'm sorry for being selfish. I'm sorry for forgetting about our work and thinking only about my own problems. I'm sorry for hurting you. I'm sorry for putting you in a position that made you feel like you were at fault for any of it.

There. I've done it. But it sounds so... distant. So impersonal. Is that all I have to say to him after the way things ended between us? After everything he's done for me?

My fingers dance across the keyboard again.

I've been trying to figure things out. Be better. Be stronger. You are still the best man I've ever known, and I'd be lying if I said I haven't thought of you a lot since I left Chiang Mai. That said, I ask nothing of you. You don't have to come here. You don't even have to respond to this email. It's enough to know that you don't hate me completely for the way I treated you.

Mr. Haymore's calling for me, so I don't have time to second-guess my words. I hope they're enough. I send off the email before I have the chance to chicken out.

I did the right thing, I tell myself. He needs to move on. Forget about me.

Still, it hurts a little, cutting Ian out of my life. Before things got complicated between us, he was my friend and colleague. And I meant what I said in my email-he's the best man I've ever known. I'm not allowed to be selfish. I'm not allowed to hurt him anymore. That's my final gift to him.

I force myself to push the issue out of my mind as I follow Mr. Haymore to the front lobby. That part of my life is over. I don't need Ian-or anyone-to support me anymore. The sooner I get that into my head, the sooner I can stop relying on old crutches and move on.

The Carolsons are already waiting for us by the front doors. The women have changed out of their heels since the luncheon, but otherwise the family is still impeccably dressed. And they still seem happy enough to ignore me.

I, too, managed to grab a pair of sensible flats from my room. As for the heels I left outside the gift shop window... well, I don't care if I ever see them again. It's not worth the risk of finding myself face-to-face with Ward again.

"Well, then," says Mr. Haymore, giving an uncharacteristically large smile. "Where shall we begin?"

They decide to start with the grounds, since it's so nice out this afternoon. And so we move outside and head across the lawn. Mr. Haymore walks at the head of the group, pointing out the various "improvements" they've made around here. Sometimes Carolson or his wife asks a question, but for the most part they just listen and nod. I'm walking to the side of the group, and I steal glances at Carolson as often as I can. His face is carefully blank, a mask of politeness. My father had a similar expression-it was the one he always wore during functions he was obligated to attend, or when he was dealing with people he didn't really like.

And he trained me to do the same. To smile, to be charming but reserved. You wanted people to think you were pleasant, even friendly, but it was easier, for your own sake, to keep your real emotions hidden. It allowed you to be in control of the face you showed the world, and when it came to things like business deals, it gave you the upper hand. Don't let them see you sweat, he used to say.

My gaze shifts back toward Troy and Rebecca. Did their father teach them the same things?

The more I look at them, the less I see them as some sort of Twilight-Zone version of my family and more like the real thing. Is this how the rest of the world saw us? Distant and aloof?

Carolson glances toward me, and I quickly look away. I wonder what he'd say, what he'd do if he realized Louisa Cunningham was standing right in front of him. Would he even care?

We've reached the edge of the vineyards now-or at least what will be the vineyards in a few years, when the vines have grown some. But the tasting room is complete, and Mr. Haymore ushers our little group inside.

It's the first time I've been in here. They built this little building completely from scratch, and while I should've guessed it would be as ridiculous as the rest of Huntington Manor, I'm still not prepared. Rather than more Rococo decor, they've decided to go for the rustic look in here-well, the luxury version of "rustic." The walls are covered in dark wood paneling, and there are thick wooden beams across the ceiling. There are a number of large black-and-white photographs displayed around the room-pictures of some of the collection's finer bottles, I realize when I get a closer look. I spot a photo of the one Calder gave my father for his fiftieth birthday. And there, on the far wall, the one my father said he'd open when and if he ever got remarried.

There's a long marble bar at the far end of the room, and Haymore leads us toward it. He grabs several wine menus from behind the counter and passes them to each of the Carolsons.

"Would you like to try anything?" he says. "The Waterstone Ridge '99 is apparently spectacular."

"Oh, there's no need to open a bottle for us," Carolson says.

"I insist," Mr. Haymore says. "Consider it part of the tour. Maybe you'd prefer something lighter? The Ardenback '02 might be a good choice."

I might just be imagining it, but something flashes briefly in Carolson's eyes before he says anything. It's gone quickly, replaced once more by his polite politician's smile.

"I'd be happy to try it," he says.

Mr. Haymore looks pleased.

"Ms. Thomas," he says, "go fetch us a bottle."

Oh right-that's me. I follow his gesture toward the door to the cellar, then pause.

"That was the-"

"The Ardenback '02," he repeats, his impatience clear in his voice. He shoots Carolson a look and shakes his head as if to say, What poor, stupid help I have.

I resist the urge to roll my eyes. I don't even spare Carolson a glance-I have no interest in knowing what his reaction is to my incompetence. Instead, I turn and head down the steps into the cellar.

Frankly, I'm curious to see what they've done to the place. When my family lived here, we had a cellar in the basement beneath the house. Naturally, it was the perfect place to play dungeon or pirates. Sometimes, even when Calder was too old to want to play with me anymore, I'd sneak down there and pretend I was looking for treasure.

This cellar was clearly designed to give that old-world vibe. But it's too new. Too shiny. The lights come on automatically as I descend, and there's even a computer screen built into the wall at the base of the stairs, kind of like the one I used to have in my closet.

I tap the screen, curious. Instantly, it pulls up an index of all the wines down here. Well, most of the wines. As I scroll through, it looks like they're still working on some of the lists. I don't see the Ardenback on there at all.

Not that I mind. It gives me some time to explore and an excuse to stay away from Haymore and the Carolsons for a few more minutes.

I turn and wander deeper into the cellar, my eyes still adjusting to the dim light. My steps echo on the slate below my feet, but otherwise this place is empty and still.

I stop to inspect some of the bottles as I pass. I'm sure Calder took some of his favorites when he left. He was always way more into wine than I was. Me? I'd take a good beer over wine any day. But they've definitely supplemented whatever my brother sold them of my family's collection. I don't recognize many of these bottles.

But when I do, whenever I recognize a label from my childhood, I stop and touch the bottle. As if somehow the glass holds some of the memories I left behind.

I wonder...

The wine appears to be organized by where the vineyards are located. I wander through the rows until I find the section for French wines. It only takes me a minute to locate the bottle I'm looking for-the label's easy to spot.

It's called Le Miel Dore. I always thought it sounded so exotic when I was younger. But what made this wine my favorite was the scrollwork on the label-the paint was made with real gold. When I was little, this bottle was always my "treasure." Once I even tried to steal it and hide it in my room, but I wasn't very sneaky back then. My father caught me immediately, and when I got upset at him for taking back my hard-won prize, he sat me down and promised me that he'd save it for something special.

"Maybe for your wedding," he said, stroking my hair.

"What if I never get married?" I asked him.

I remember him smiling down at me like I'd said something funny.

"Then we'll think of something else," he assured me. "Something extra special. And then we'll drink it together, you and I."

I reach out slowly, letting the tips of my fingers brush against the bottle. The main part of the label is slightly rough, but the golden swirls are smooth. I trace them with my finger one by one.

The emotion hits me like a wall. Suddenly I can't breathe. My vision goes blurry. My heart is racing, and I feel like my whole chest is constricting.

I reach out and grab the nearest shelf. I can't do this. I can't be here. Why, why am I here?

My legs are shaking. I sink down to the ground, trying desperately to catch my breath.

I'll never drink the Miel Dore. Not at my wedding. Not with my father. That was taken from me, too. Everything was taken from me.

Oh, God. What am I doing? Why am I putting myself through this?

I knew it wouldn't be easy. I knew I'd get angry. I knew it would bring up all sorts of memories. But somehow, I thought I would be strong enough.

I drop my head between my knees.

Breathe, I tell myself. Just breathe. In and out. It takes a few minutes, but I'm finally able to stop hyperventilating. I rest my cheek against my knee and wait for my heart to slow back to normal.

"Ms. Thomas?"

Crap. Mr. Haymore. I have no idea how long I've been down here, but it's been a lot longer than it should have been. I stand up quickly, brushing my hands across the back of my skirt to get rid of any dust or dirt from the floor. I pray that I don't look as shaky as I still feel.

"I'm over here," I say. I glance around, then head toward the row of American wines just across the way. "The Ardenback wasn't in the index, so I had to go looking on my own."

And there it is-I grab the bottle quickly and hurry back to the base of the stairs.

"Carolson's waiting," Mr. Haymore hisses at me, as if I weren't aware of that fact already. "We do not keep him waiting."

"I'm sorry," I say. "I didn't want to return empty-handed."

He still looks pretty ticked as he grabs the bottle out of my hands, but he doesn't say another word. Pretty sure I'm going to be getting a lecture later, but I can't worry about that now. It takes enough effort just to follow him back up the stairs without my legs collapsing beneath me.

I linger to the side while Mr. Haymore pours a glass of wine for each of our guests. Guests... owners... intruders... It's all the same in my head. These people are living the life my family should be living. I can't forgive them for that.

And I can't forgive myself for hating them so much. For wanting this life back so badly while people suffer all over the world.

I reach behind me and touch the wood paneling of the wall. It was like someone ripped the rug out from under me when my father died. When we lost all of this. But shouldn't the worst of it be over? Shouldn't I be building my life up again? Why does it still feel like someone's removing the floor piece by piece beneath my feet?

I need an anchor. Something to hold on to. I can't just have a panic attack every time something brings back a memory of my father. It isn't healthy. I'm going to get fired. Or worse-everyone here will find out who I am.

Just leave, the little voice in my head tells me. Just drive away and never come back here. But that's the coward's way. I don't want to be a coward anymore. I don't want to run anymore.

I look back up at the Carolsons. Mr. Haymore's talking again, probably going on about the vineyards or something. Carolson nods politely along, and I can't decide whether he's bored out of his mind or silently making calculations in his head. How much more will this place make him when the grapes are growing? With as much money as Carolson's put into this place, I'm sure he wants to maximize his profits as quickly as possible. Reduce generations of my family's memories to a bottom line.

I can feel my throat starting to constrict again, and I squeeze my eyes shut.

It's just a house, I tell myself. A big, ridiculous house that you never needed in the first place.

But when you're as self-centered as I am, it's easy to forget things like that. It's a lot easier to let the anger, the pain build in your belly.

And that's exactly what I do.

* * *

The tour lasts all afternoon and well into the evening, and by the end of it I feel like I have a boulder in the pit of my stomach-a heavy, solid, unmovable ball of emotion that presses against the insides of my belly. I skip dinner. I have no appetite.

Back in my room, I spend a few minutes standing at the window watching the last light of day disappear behind the trees, and then I grab my laptop and settle down on my bed.

I have a new email from Ian.

I almost don't want to open it. But I've already committed to doing the right thing as far as Ian is concerned, and I'm not going to stop now. I take a deep breath and open the email.

You're too hard on yourself, Lou. You always were. How are you? Where are you these days?

My eyes skim over the words once, twice. I'm not sure how I expected him to reply-if he even replied at all-but while I suspected he might not accept my apology easily, I guess I thought he'd make a big argument of it. He's skipped right past that and into casual conversation. Like he doesn't want a debate. Like he wants to go back to how things were.

We can't do that. I won't let it happen.

But after everything that's happened today, I have to admit that I ache for a little casual, pleasant conversation. For a friend.

I choose my words carefully. I want to respond, but I also don't want to give him the wrong idea.

I'm fine. Back in Barberville for a while. I hope you're well, too.

Simple. Meaningless. With no open-ended questions. No obligation for him to respond.

I send it off and get up off my bed, figuring I should probably slip into my pajamas. I'm tired enough from last night that I'm hoping I'll drift off easily tonight, and sitting around thinking about the wisdom or not of emailing Ian probably isn't the way to wind down.

But I'm only halfway changed when I hear the chime that indicates a new message in my inbox. I pull my tank top over my head and turn back to my laptop.

Ian has replied to me. I slide back down on the bed and open the email. He's written a single sentence.

I'm fine, but I'm not sure I believe you are.

I bite down on my nail, my stomach sinking. So much for pleasant, meaningless conversation. Was I that obvious in my original email? But no-Ian spent the better part of a year letting me cry into his shoulder. Letting me whisper my pain to him in the dark. He knows me better than anyone else in the world these days.

I stand up and walk to the window, then immediately turn around and go back to the bed. I probably shouldn't answer. The smartest thing to do would be to close my laptop, turn in for the night, and attempt to make up for lost sleep.

But I know Ian, too. If he's worried about me, he might not let this go. I don't want him to worry. I want him to stop thinking about me altogether and get on with his life.

I sigh and drag the laptop toward me again, typing up a quick reply.

I'm working on it. I'll figure things out.

There. I've acknowledged his concerns, but I want him to know that I've got this under control without him. I don't want to drag him down into my crazy whirlwind again. He's too good for that.

His reply comes immediately.

I'd rather judge that for myself. Can I come see you? I can get a flight to Barberville for the day after tomorrow.

I immediately push my computer away. Oh, no. This isn't what I wanted. Not at all.

I stand up. Walk from one end of the room to the other. Pick up a brush and tug it through my stupid blond hair.

I won't let him come, of course. I shouldn't have responded to his email in the first place. That would have given him the right idea-that this thing between us is absolutely, positively done. He knows the truth about me. He knows how messed up, how selfish I am. Why is he trying to drag this out? I throw down my brush and march back to my bed.

There's another email from him. It's just a single sentence.

It's okay to need someone, Lou.

I slam the laptop shut. No. I'm not going to let him get inside my head. I'm not going to let him shower me with his kindness and understanding and get dragged back into my mess again. He deserves better.

I put my computer in the closet and shut the door. As if somehow that might keep Ian out of my mind as I get ready for bed. And then I throw myself onto the mattress and pull the sheets up around my ears, ready to drown out the rest of the world for the night.

You're doing the right thing, I tell myself. But why does the right thing always make me feel so awful?

I don't know when I finally manage to drift off to sleep. But even in slumber, I'm restless. I dream that I'm running, faster and faster and faster, until I don't know whether I'm fleeing toward something or away from it. The ball of emotion in my belly is growing bigger. I can feel it stretching out my stomach, expanding too quickly, and when my dream-self presses my hands against my abdomen, I can feel it beneath the skin.

And then suddenly I'm standing in front of the house. The boulder is still swelling inside of me, but the house gives me hope. I run up the steps and throw open the door.

"Hello?" my dream-self calls into the lobby. But the house is empty. I move through the hallways, peering into rooms and calling into the darkness, but no one answers. And then I see it-a sliver of light peeking out from beneath the door to my father's study.

I race to the door. When I open it, I find that the study looks as it always did-my father's books still on the shelves, the desk perfectly organized. There's a photo of me and Calder together, and another of our mother. There's a piece of paper in the middle of the desk with a pen discarded beside it, as if someone left in the middle of writing something. I walk over and peer down at the words. They're in my father's scrawl.

Smile, Little Lou. Don't let them see you sweat.

The boulder shifts in my belly, pressing up against my lungs.

"Dad?" I say, looking around. He's here. I can feel him.

But the boulder keeps rising, expanding, filling my chest.

"Dad!" I scream, but my voice cracks. I can't breathe. The boulder's cut off my airway, and I'm gasping, desperate for any bit of air. Spots dance across my vision, and I grab at the letter, but somehow it's out of my reach now. Whatever I felt of my father is gone-gone I don't know where-and I'm alone. I'm choking and I'm alone.

When I finally jerk awake, I still can't catch my breath. I'm shaking again, worse than I was last night. Worse than I was in the wine cellar today. My pajamas are soaked through with sweat.

It takes three attempts to push the covers off. I roll out of bed, barely catching myself on my feet, and stumble my way over to the window. The frame's been painted shut, but I beat at it until I can swing it open.

That first rush of night air across my face feels like heaven. I lean myself halfway out of the window, letting the cool summer breeze dance across my skin, and try to concentrate on calming down.

It was just a dumb dream. A dumb dream after a horrible day. But that doesn't change the emotions it dragged up or the horrible panic that still seems to grip my whole body. And it definitely doesn't change the fact that, like in the dream, I'm completely alone.

My heartbeat has started to settle, and I reach up and push my hair away from my face. The strands are wet, and I'm not sure at this point whether it's sweat or tears.

When I finally feel well enough to pull myself back inside, I don't go back to bed. I won't be getting any more sleep tonight. Instead, I go to my closet and pull out my laptop. As soon as my computer wakes up, I pull up my email.

I only write one word to Ian. Even as I type it, I know it's a mistake, but I don't know where else to turn.

Okay.

CHAPTER SIX

The airport is louder than I remember.

It's been about two months since the last time I walked through here, but that seems like a lifetime ago. Like a dream. I stand in Baggage Claim next to the single luggage carousel. Barberville's airport is small, but today it's still overwhelming. Once I was excited to walk through these terminals-they were my link to the world outside of my family. Now they only serve to remind me of the emptiness I found on the other side of the planet.

I glance around. This place is pretty busy for a small, local airport. I imagine things will go crazy around here when Huntington Manor officially opens. They've already cleared the land to the south of the airport. It looks like they have plans to expand.

I'm so busy watching the people pass that I almost miss the one I've come to meet. Suddenly there's a figure in front of me and I find myself looking up into those gray eyes I know so well.

I open my mouth to greet him, but no words come. Something must show on my face, though, because without a word Ian reaches out and pulls me against his chest.

I melt into him. His arms wrap around me, strong and warm and secure. He smells just as I remember him, and he's wearing a flannel shirt that feels so soft against my cheek. He's much taller than me, but that was never a problem. I fit perfectly in the crook of his neck, just as I always did, and he presses his cheek against my hair.

In spite of my nerves, I wasn't expecting this meeting to be emotional, but he feels so right, so comfortable. I wrap my arms around his waist and hold him close. I can hear his heartbeat beneath my ear. My head rises and falls with the slow, steady rhythm of his breathing.

"I missed you," he says softly.

I don't respond. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to say.

One of his hands rises to the back of my head. "What have you done to your hair? I hardly recognized you."

I jerk back from him, shocked that I've forgotten such an important detail.

"I just needed a change," I say, grabbing at it self-consciously.

I look up into Ian's eyes, trying to guess how he feels about it.

"It'll take some getting used to," he says finally, "but it suits you."

I don't think it suits me at all, but Ian is too kind to ever say a word against it. His own hair is a little shorter than it was the last time I saw him, but still long enough that a curl has fallen across his forehead. Out of habit, I find myself wanting to reach up and touch it, to push that curl back and run my fingers through the strands the way I used to on all those nights back in Thailand.

I step away from him, nervous again.

"My car's out front," I tell him. "Are you hungry? Should we go get some dinner?"

"I'm starved."

"There's a cute little bistro down the road."

"Sounds great."

He grabs his suitcase and we head outside. It's nearly sunset, and the sky is slowly fading into a beautiful show of pinks and oranges. I had to tell Mr. Haymore that I had a family emergency in order to get off an hour early, and though I'll probably have to work overtime the rest of the week to get back in his good graces, it was necessary. But now that I'm here, now than Ian is standing in front of me, I don't know what to do.

This was a mistake, I think. I shouldn't have let him come here. It brings up too many... complicated things. But another part of me is overjoyed to see him. I'm not sure which reaction scares me the most.

We're both silent on the walk to my car. I nibble on my nail and steal peeks at him out of the corner of my eye. Despite the way things ended between us, these last couple of months have been good to him. His skin is tanned and smooth, and I swear his shoulders are broader than I remember. Ian always had long, lean muscles. A runner's build. Now he seems... stronger? He's looking even more athletic than usual, if that's possible, though he isn't quite as deliciously bulky as Ward.

Ward. Guilt washes through me. I shouldn't be thinking about him anymore, not after the way I behaved. And I definitely shouldn't be thinking about him when I'm here with Ian.

I don't look at Ian again until we reach my car. Suddenly his hand's on mine, and he pulls my poor nibbled nail away from my mouth. For a moment he just looks down at me, his eyes soft and sympathetic. The sunlight brings out the warm tones in his dark curls-hair that used to match my own.

His hand rises to my face, his fingers sweeping along my cheek. I feel like such a soft little thing beneath his touch.

And then he's leaning down, and his lips brush against mine so lightly that I wonder if I'm only imagining the contact. He holds his face there for a moment, his eyes searching mine, before pulling back again.

"I'm sorry," he says, a whisper of heat in his voice. "I just needed to do that."

I don't say anything. I'm still trying to figure out exactly what I'm feeling right now. But I pop the trunk for him, and then we both climb into the car.

The drive to Bistro Lola is just as awkward. Part of me longs to tell him how much I missed him, how much I need someone here to help me through all of this Huntington Manor crap, but the other part still thinks this was all a terrible idea. That I should turn around right now, drop him back off at the airport, and buy him a plane ticket home.

Selfish Lou wins out, of course. She usually does. I tell myself that he's already here, that to send him back now would be inconsiderate, and since there's no turning back, I might as well enjoy his company. He came all the way down here to see me, after all.

"What have you been up to since you got back to the States?" I ask. We follow Bistro Lola's hostess to a small table next to one of the windows.

It's the most I've said since he arrived, and I watch the relief flicker in his eyes.

"Nothing crazy," he says, sliding into the seat across from mine. "Mostly visiting with family. And trying to answer the age-old question of what I want to do with my life." His mouth lifts in a smile, one of those sweet, rare wonders from him.

I feel myself start to relax a little. I'd forgotten how easy it was to be around Ian.

"What about you?" he says. "How have you been?"

Ah, there's the million-dollar question. I bite down on my lip, trying to decide how to explain everything to him. If I should explain everything to him. He reaches across the table and takes my hand.

"You don't have to talk about anything right now," he says. "There's plenty of time for that."

And so for the next few minutes we talk about mindless things. He tells me about the orphanage project they finished just before he left Thailand, and he talks about his hopes for the future of the program. I can't take my eyes off him as he speaks. His whole face lights up when he talks about his work with Cunningham Cares International. This is a man truly inspired and fulfilled by his work. I'm reminded of all the things that drew me to him in the first place: his compassion, his optimism, his warmth. When he catches me watching him, the corners of his mouth turn up again. My cheeks go hot.

"I didn't mean to talk so much," he says. Our food arrived several minutes ago, but neither of us has touched our plate yet. He grabs half of his sandwich and looks at me. "So where have you been staying? Is your brother in town?"

He hesitates slightly before the mention of my brother. He knows things have been a little tense between me and Calder recently. He won't fault me if I don't want to talk about it, but he's spent so much time listening to me cry about my issues, so many nights comforting me, that I feel like I owe him something.

"Calder's in the area," I say. I don't want to lie to him if I can help it. "But I've only seen him once since I returned. We still have some things to sort through."

"You've been staying with friends, then?"

I can tell by his tone that he fears the worst: that I've been cooped up by myself these past few weeks. Little does he know things are far more complicated than that.

"I got a job," I say carefully. "And they offered me a room on the premises."

His nose wrinkles slightly in confusion. "What sort of job?"

"I'm an assistant. In the hospitality field."

I stab at my salad with my fork. I know that's not going to cut it with Ian, and sure enough, he remains silent, waiting for me to go on.

"You have to promise not to judge me," I say. "I needed to do this."

He nods, but I don't miss the lines of concern around his eyes. I can only imagine what he thinks I've been up to.

"I'm working at Huntington Manor," I say softly. "That's what they're calling my family's estate now."

I look down at my plate, waiting for his response, but I'm met only with silence. When I dare to look up again, I can see he's still trying to process what I've told him.

"They're opening it to the public soon, aren't they?" he says finally.

I nod. "In less than a month."

"And you're... what? Giving tours? Telling tourists about your childhood there?" His face darkens in confusion. "You said you were an assistant."

"I am an assistant. To the General Manager. I help him with office tasks and that sort of thing."

"I don't understand. Why would they hire you as a secretary? You're Louisa Cunningham."

I glance around, but no one's heard him say my name.

"The thing is," I say softly, "they don't know who I am."

He stares at me. "What do you mean? Don't they recogn-" He blinks. "Your hair. That's why you dyed it."

I nod.

"And... what? You're using a different name?"

I nod again. "I had some old friends help me with that one." I don't go into detail about the fake ID and other paperwork they got me. I'm perfectly aware of how illegal all of this is, but I'm a little ashamed to admit it to Ian. Ian, who's looking at me like I've gone completely bonkers.

"What are you doing, Lou?" he says quietly.

"What I need to." I force myself to meet his eyes. "You promised you wouldn't judge me."

"I-I just don't understand." He leans over and grabs my hand again. "Why? Why are you doing this?"

"I needed to see it. I needed to see what they were doing to my family's house."

"You could have done that without taking a job there. This just sounds like you're purposefully torturing yourself. What can you possibly hope to accomplish by putting yourself in that position?"

And that's the crux of it: I don't know. I don't know what I hope to accomplish, other than some vague idea of "letting go." Getting all of this madness out of my system. Some days I think that watching them turn my old home into something unrecognizable is helping, that it's allowing me to separate myself mentally from the estate. Other days I just get angry and want to watch the entire thing burn down around their ears.

"I need closure," I say finally.

Ian squeezes my fingers and brushes his thumb along the back of my palm. His touch promises all the things it did back in Chiang Mai-a distraction from the dark places in my head.

"There are other ways to get closure," he says gently. "Ways that don't require you to do something illegal or to torture yourself meaninglessly."

"Meaninglessly?" I tear my hand out of his, breaking the spell. "You're the one who told me I can't run away from things. You're the one who told me I needed to grow up and face my problems like an adult."

And there it is-that old argument of ours. I still remember everything he said to me on that final night in Thailand. God knows I've been thinking about his words ever since.

I shouldn't have brought it up. He leans back, looking like I've smacked him across the face. Guilt floods his eyes.

And now I feel like a jerk, too.

"I just... I need to figure things out," I say. "And forcing myself to be at the estate, forcing myself to take part in that ridiculousness..."

"Is it helping? Is it actually helping?"

Some days I might say yes, but honestly I'm not so sure. Especially considering how many times I've thrown myself at Ward, looking for that next distraction. That next rush of heat and pleasure. Memories of that last intense encounter with Mr. Casanova swim to the front of my mind, and even now, my heartbeat quickens. Even now, my body wants to abandon everything in favor of a few passionate moments of escape.

I shake my head, trying to bring myself back to the present.

"I need to do this," I say.

"You keep saying that. But I'm not sure you believe it. And you haven't given me one real reason as to why it's a good idea." His voice is calm, but it's clear that despite his best efforts, he doesn't understand.

"Maybe I need to torture myself," I say. "Maybe I need to bury myself in the pain and anger in order to work through it."

He takes my hand again, gently wrapping my fingers in his own, but he doesn't look me in the eye. His normally soft mouth is a hard line.

"I'm not going to keep you from doing what you think you need to do," he says. "But I'm also not going to sit by if I think you're hurting yourself."

I don't respond. I don't know if he's agreeing to accept my decision or warning me that he's not about to let this go. He signals to the waitress for the checks, and we pay for our food in silence.

I feel cold and empty as we walk back out to my car. This wasn't how this was supposed to go. Deep down, I thought Ian would know exactly what to say, exactly how to make me feel better. Now I'm only more convinced that I'm a complete and utter mess.

"Is there a motel near here?" he asks as we climb into the car.

We hadn't discussed where he was going to stay. But it's probably not a good idea to invite him back to my room at Huntington Manor.

"There's one near the highway," I say. Neither of us says another word as I drive us over to the rundown little Barberville Inn just off the main interstate. Fortunately, Ian's able to get a room without any trouble. I stand next to the driver's side of my car while he pulls his suitcase from the trunk. I feel like I should apologize again-for letting him come here, for being awkward all evening. For everything in Thailand, too, because I can't say it enough. But I'm tongue-tied. Or just scared, as usual.

Ian comes over to me, his suitcase in one hand. He rubs the back of his neck with the other.

"Would you..." His eyes, warm but uncertain, lift to mine. "Would you like to come upstairs for a little while? Maybe watch some TV or something?"

I could say no. I could get back in my car and drive back to Huntington Manor and pretend this never happened. But I don't want things to end like this between us-all awkward, with so many things unspoken. And in spite of how things have gone this evening, I find that I'm not ready to leave him just yet.

I nod.

He smiles again, and there's such genuine pleasure in the expression that I feel a little better. I follow him up the stairs to his room.

I've never been in a cheap motel before, but it looks exactly like all the movies led me to expect. The walls are a nondescript beige color (though there are a few strange stains of indeterminable origin). The only decor is a pastel beachscape over the bed-though if I'm being generous, the raggedy-looking fake tree in the far corner adds a few points to the ambiance as well. The colors of the bedspread match the painting, and the pillows are salmon pink. The whole place smells faintly of cigarette smoke.

I sink down on the edge of the bed, trying not to look too closely for unusual stains. Ian sets his suitcase by the closet and grabs the TV controller before sitting down beside me.

The room only gets four channels, and he settles on a game show. I stare at the screen, but I don't really have the presence of mind to pay attention.

Neither does Ian, apparently. He shifts beside me, and I hear the long breath he takes before he speaks again.

"I just want you to be happy, Lou," he says softly.

I turn and look at him. He's staring back at me, and my heart swells. He was always too good for me. Too generous. Too giving.

"I'm trying," I whisper. And then, "I'm happy to see you again." Even if I'm bad for him, even if I can't return his feelings, I want him to know that all those nights in Chiang Mai made a difference. That all those whispered comforts in the darkness helped me survive. That he means something to me-even if that something isn't close to the something he wants.

But it's enough for now.

The corner of his mouth tilts up. "Me too."

For a moment, we just keep looking at each other. And then his arm comes up around me. I should pull away, but then I remember the words from his email. It's okay to need someone, Lou. It's okay to need a friend. A gentle reassurance. I lean into him, and we're nestled together once more.

His fingers move up and down my back. Once or twice they brush past the bottom hem of my shirt and touch the strip of skin above my jeans. His curls tickle my temple, and I can see the pulse at his throat.

I just want to stay like this. Safe in his arms. No talk of feelings. No worry about how I should be dealing with things. Just a few moments of silence without judgment or guilt. Just the knowledge that in spite of everything, another human being wants to be near me. To help me.

I tilt my head, pressing my cheek against his neck. I feel more than hear the intake of his breath. His fingers press against my back. When I lift my face, I find his eyes have darkened. My stomach tightens, but either I'm drunk on the easy familiarity of it all or just cursed with perpetual weakness, because I can't move.

He raises his hands to my cheeks, his thumbs against my throat, and for a long time he just gazes at me.

He moves slowly, as if afraid he might frighten me. And to be honest-I am frightened. I'm scared of what I can tell he wants to do. I'm scared of what will happen if he doesn't do it. I'm afraid of wandering back out into the darkness.

But he makes the decision for me. His lips come down gently upon my own, and I can taste the sweet tea he had with his dinner. My mouth falls open slightly beneath his, as if it has a mind of its own, and his hands tighten gently on my face.

My heart thumps. I should stop this.

"Never again," I whisper against his mouth, echoing the words he used to tell me every night in Thailand. The words we used to promise each other that every time would be our last.

They were a lie then, and they're a lie now.

For a moment he pulls back and looks at me again. I know, like me, he's questioning the wisdom of our decision to see each other again. To kiss each other again. But the decision has already been made, and we both know it.

"Never again," he murmurs in agreement before dipping his head and tasting my lips once more.

"Never again." His hands drift down my body, skimming over my breasts and gliding to my hips.

"Never again." His fingers slip beneath the fabric of my blouse and press against the bare skin of my stomach.

His tongue dances along my bottom lip, and mine moves to meet it. And that's all it takes-the moment they touch, all hesitation leaves him. He pulls me against him, pressing his mouth hard against my own. I lean into him, molding my body to his, drowning in the refuge of his arms. All of my doubts disappear in the simple pleasures of his touch, and my body takes over, my instincts flaring to life. My arms loop around his neck, and I slide my leg across him, straddling his lap.

"Lou," he says against my mouth.

I grind against him, and a jolt of pleasure shoots through me at his answering groan. I lose my fingers in his curls, and his hands tug at my shirt, pulling it up my body and over my head. My bra goes next. With a pinch of his fingers, the clasp comes undone, and he pulls the straps down off my arms before tossing it aside.

His gaze drifts down across my throat to my bare chest. My nipples tighten against the cool air, and he reaches up and rolls one breast beneath his warm hand. I tilt my head back as the sensations rush through me. I missed losing myself beneath Ian's gentle fingers. He had a year to learn how I like to be touched.

His head comes down and his lips brush against my jaw, my throat. He kisses a path downward, worshiping my bare skin with his lips. His mouth traces a line across my collarbone, then dips lower to my breast.

I grind against him again. Beneath my spread legs, I can feel how much he wants me. I shift my body purposefully, pressing against him through our clothes and moving my hips in gentle circles on his lap. He groans deep in his throat and moves his lips more passionately against my breast.

It was always so easy, so beautiful between me and Ian. His touch is soft but deliberate, and I melt like honey beneath his hands and lips. He slides his arms around my waist and rolls me over, pushing my back down on the comforter, and though I'm sure my hair will smell of stale cigarette smoke, I don't care. His body is warm and solid on top of mine, and I wrap my arms around him and pull him closer. Here, in this room, all of my struggles and confusion are far away. Ian knows how to make them disappear.

Our clothes come off piece by piece. I trace the planes of his stomach with my fingers, reacquaint my bare skin with his. We might as well be back on the other side of the world again.

He draws his face back from mine and gazes down at me. His eyes are cloudy with desire, but it's the tenderness I see there that makes my insides flip-flop. I reach up and run my finger across his jaw, his cheek, his lips. He lets me explore, closing his eyes and leaning into my touch.

Only when I let my hand drop and he opens his eyes again do I remember the danger. It's clear in the way he looks at me. In his every caress. He still loves me, as much as he did before. Maybe more, if he let himself come see me after what I pulled in Thailand.

What the heck am I doing?

Didn't I learn my lesson back in Chiang Mai? How did I let things get this far? How did I end up naked beneath him when I swore to myself that I wouldn't fall back into my old horrible habits? When I promised myself that I wouldn't hurt him again?

"We can't do this," I say, so quietly that I hardly hear the words myself.

He freezes.

"We can't do this." This time my voice is stronger. I wriggle out from beneath him. This was a mistake. Oh, God, what was I doing?

I leap up out of the bed and scramble around for my clothes. My hands shake as I reach down and grab my panties and bra. Only when the important parts are covered do I dare turn around and look at him again.

The look on his face breaks my heart.

"So that's it, is it?" His voice is strained.

I grab my shirt off the ground. "This is... This isn't right, Ian. You know it isn't."

"No." This time he doesn't bother hiding his anger. "Fighting this isn't right. Letting a guy think you... that you want to..." He growls and rubs his face. "What do you want from me, Lou? What the hell do you want from me?"

I shake my head. I don't know.

"Was this all just some sick joke, letting me come here?" he says. "Telling me you missed me and all that crap?"

"Of course not," I say. "I wasn't lying. I did miss you. I just... My feelings haven't changed. I didn't want you to think..." I can't say it out loud. I didn't want you to think that I love you. I don't. I don't have the ability to love anyone right now. Not when I'm so screwed up inside.

He's still angry, but now there's pain in his expression, too. I watch the emotions war across his face. Finally he shakes his head.

"I don't believe it. You can tell me that this doesn't mean anything to you, that you don't feel anything for me, but I know the truth." He looks up at me again. "You're afraid to admit that you need someone. That you can't handle this on your own. Tell me, Lou, is it any better on your own? Look around you! You're lying about who you are, torturing yourself by pretending you never left home. Is that really better?"

I can't take this.

"I need to go," I say. I grab my jeans from the floor and slide into them. I don't look at him, but I hear him moving behind me, probably grabbing his own clothes.

After a moment, I hear him sigh.

"I wish I'd never said those things to you back in Chiang Mai." All frustration is gone from his voice, and in its place I hear regret.

I risk a glance back at him. He's back in his boxers, and I can see him struggling, trying to be understanding. I remember his words all too well: You don't think of anyone but yourself, Lou. You've forgotten why you came out here in the first place. You've forgotten that other people can feel pain, too.

I know that now. I try to remember it every day.

But Ian's not done.

"I hurt you when I should have supported you," he says. "I made you think you were a terrible person when you were just looking for support."

I look down at my feet. "Maybe I am a terrible person." I'm the girl who just jumped into bed with her ex and then changed her mind at the last second. The girl who cares more about her own needs than those of the people who care about her.

Ian's shaking his head. "Maybe you're a normal person who just doesn't want to be alone."

I give a sad smirk and grab one of my shoes from under the bed. "There's a word for that. It's called needy."

"There's no shame in needing love. You lost the support systems you had in your childhood. You're on your own for the first time in your entire life. There's nothing wrong with looking for emotional support."

But there's plenty wrong with taking advantage of the only person who's willing to give it to you. He's the one who taught me that in the first place.

I pull on my second shoe. "I need some time to think."

A fresh wave of anger flashes in his eyes. "You've had two months to think!"

And where has that gotten me? I'm just as confused as I ever was.

"Dammit, Lou," he goes on. "If you didn't want me to come here, then you should have said so. If you didn't want to have sex, then maybe you shouldn't have waited until I was on top of you to fucking say something."

He's right, of course. But I can't take it back now.

"I'm so sorry," I say, grabbing my purse.

He must realize that I really mean to leave, because he attempts to rein in his anger.

"Is this how things are going to be between us from now on?" he asks, his voice strangely calm. "After everything we've been through?"

"I don't know." I'm at the door. "Please, Ian. Please just let me think."

For a moment I think he's going to blow up again, but he doesn't say anything when I open the door. He doesn't call after me as I walk back down the stairs and unlock my car.

Only when I'm safely in the driver's seat do I glance back up at the room. He's standing in the doorway, watching me, but he still doesn't say a word, not even when I turn the key.

And when I glance in the rearview mirror as I pull away, he's still standing there, and I know the pain on his face will haunt me for a long time.

CHAPTER SEVEN

I'm a bitch.

I never should have let Ian come here. I never should have gone into his motel room. I never should have kissed him or undressed him or let him think even for a minute that I could return the feelings he has for me. But once again, I allowed myself to get caught up in my own emotions. My own needs.

Tears burn in my eyes as I drive back to the estate, but I refuse to let them fall. I don't deserve to cry. I'm never going to change, am I? Every time I show signs of being a decent human being, my true nature has to rear its ugly head again.

I can still see Ian's face in my mind. Still see his eyes full of anger and disappointment. Somehow in the past two months he's convinced himself that I have the ability to change. To learn from my mistakes and become the girl he always thought I was. The girl that never really existed in the first place.

It's past ten o'clock by the time I reach the estate, and though I know I should go to bed, there's no way I'm going to be able to sleep. So instead of going back to my room, I head across the lawn toward the tasting room and vineyards.

Obviously, by now most of the employees have either left or gone back to their rooms for the night. But a place like this never really sleeps (and honestly, if it were physically possible, I'm sure Mr. Haymore would work through the night every night), so I have to be careful, even at this hour.

Apparently, though, even at my stealthiest, I still manage to draw the attention of one of the roaming security guards. A flashlight beam hits me in the face.

"Need something, miss?" he says.

I blink into the light. I can't see the guard in the shadows, but as Mr. Haymore's gopher, my face is pretty recognizable around here, even after a week.

"I'm on an errand for Mr. Haymore," I say, raising an arm to shield my face from the light and praying my eyes aren't puffy from unshed tears. When all else fails, mention the name of my stuffy old boss. No one really wants to cross him, not when he's as stressed as he is this week.

"Ah, Ms. Thomas," says the guard, lowering his beam. "Mr. Haymore sent you out here at this hour?"

"Well, technically the errand's for Mr. Carolson." The lie comes easily to my lips. "Apparently he and his wife have a special night planned and requested a very specific bottle of wine."

It's a risk, but it pays off. The guard nods, understanding.

"Go right ahead then. Sorry to bother you."

"You were just doing your job." I flash him my best smile.

The guard gives me a little wave and continues on his way, and I hurry on to the tasting room.

The building is locked, of course, but another perk to being Mr. Haymore's assistant is that I have a whole ring full of keys. I run enough errands that it's necessary for me to have quick and easy access to most places on the premises. It takes me a few minutes to find the right key in the dark, but finally I'm rewarded with a click and I'm able to open the door.

I almost flick on the light when I get inside, but I decide against it at the last minute. The fewer people who know I'm in here, the better. Instead, I make my way across the room by touch, keeping one hand against the wall as I circle around to the cellar door.

There's no way to avoid the automatic lights turning on as I descend into the cellar, but at least no one outside can see those. Once my feet hit the fancy slate floor at the bottom, I head straight to the back. To the rack where my favorite bottle with the gold label sits, just waiting for me.

I pick up the bottle, bracing myself for a new rush of emotion, but nothing happens. Maybe I've had enough of feelings for the night. The hollowness takes root in my belly again, and it's hard to feel anything at all when I look down at the bottle. Still, I came all the way out here, so I'm going to take this baby no matter what. On a whim, I stop and grab another bottle, too. I don't normally drink wine, so I don't know how much it takes to get me good and drunk, and I want to make sure I have enough.

I consider just taking the wine back to my room, but being cooped up in that depressing little dorm doesn't sound like a good idea right now. Instead, I head around the back of the house. Toward the hedge maze.

Even in the dark, I know my way through the labyrinth. I don't want to go all the way to the center of the maze-just that favorite little nook of mine. A quiet place where I can curl up with this wine and shut out the rest of the world and just think. I clutch the wine bottles to my chest. The glass is cool against the bare skin above the neckline of my shirt, but the air is warm-though far less sticky than it normally is this time of year. I glance up at the sky, at the twinkling stars and the bright, round moon.

It doesn't take me long to get to my secret spot. The nook is bathed in darkness and shadow, so I move carefully, my hand grasping for the bench I know is here against the branches somewhere. And then my foot hits something-something large and squishy but unquestionably solid-and I fall face-first into the darkness.

And land on something undeniably alive.

I jerk back, the wine bottles clanking against each other as I try to scramble to my feet again. The thing that tripped me moves and lets out a groan.

"Seriously?" it says. "I was just getting relaxed."

I peer into the darkness. That voice sounds familiar. "Ward?"

There are scuffling sounds as he sits up. "Little Miss Assistant? Isn't it past your bedtime?"

Oh, God. He's the last person I need to see right now. How the heck does he know about my spot? Part of me wants to turn and high-tail it out of here, but I'm not about to let someone chase me back to my dorm. This is my spot.

"What are you doing out here?" I say. How did you find this place? is the real question, but I'm not allowed to ask that.

He gives a little chuckle. "I could ask the same of you."

"I asked first."

"And you use cliches to argue. Not very effective."

Too bad he can't see me roll my eyes in the darkness. But it's already clear that he's not going to give up his claim very easily.

Why is that a bad thing? a tiny voice in my head whispers. At least you won't be alone out here, right? I quickly push that thought away. As... diverting as his presence might be, I have some things I need to sort out-and Casanova's not going to be any help in that area.

I sit down next to him on the grass, making it clear that I intend on staying. He sighs, either because he realizes there's no getting rid of me or because he knows that I'm not going to let him dodge my question about why he's here.

"I just needed to get away from things for a while," he says. "Away from all the noise."

I frown. "Are you living on the estate?" I thought the construction crews and other day laborers commuted to and from Barberville every day. They'd only reserved a handful of rooms in the house for employees-and they went to those, like me, who were basically "on call" for a good part of the week.

"I stay here sometimes," he says.

"Why? Wouldn't your bed be a more comfortable place to sleep? Or do you just like it here that much?"

He gives a chuckle.

"This place isn't so bad, all things considered," he says.

That's not what you seemed to think the last time we spoke. But I refuse to make any reference to the luncheon or the things that happened afterward.

"It's not perfect," he admits after a minute. "Sometimes I think it was a mistake to take this job. But other times... this house is different, you know? I'll probably never see a building like it again. Some of it... like, this morning, I was working on the western side of the house in this section that was added sometime in the 1920's. I mean, these archways were so-you're getting bored, aren't you?"

"Not at all." Actually I'm shocked-pleasantly shocked-to hear him speak with such passion about the house. "I didn't realize you were so into architecture. But I guess as a handyman, you'd have to know some of that stuff, wouldn't you?"

"You say 'have to' like it's a chore. I do actually enjoy my work, you know."

I peer at him through the darkness, trying to gauge if I've offended him. The moon is bright tonight, almost full, but I'm still having a hard time making out his face.

"I'm actually saving up money to go back to school," he says. "I'm planning to get licensed as an architect. It's part of why I took this job-the pay is great. Plus, you know, the whole once-in-a-lifetime experience thing."

I'm not sure why he's telling me this. After all, in spite of the fact that we now know each other's names and have locked lips more than once, we're still basically strangers, aren't we? There was a hint of something strange, almost bitter, in his voice when he called this a 'once-in-a-lifetime opportunity', but I don't have the chance to make sense of it before he rushes on.

"I know I was a little harsh about some of the upgrading decisions the family made," he says, "but on the whole this place is pretty fucking cool. You wouldn't believe some of the stuff I've found."

In spite of myself, I'm intrigued.

"Like what?" I spent my entire childhood exploring the secrets of this place-and honestly, part of what's scared me so much about all of these renovations was the thought that all those secrets, all those little things that made the house so special, would be exploited, laid bare for the whole world to see. I mean, this house has friggin' passageways hidden in the walls. There's a whole section of the basement that can only be accessed through one of those "secret" hallways. Will every bumbling tourist now be able to explore them?

Ward shifts a little closer to me, dropping his voice. "If you want to know what I've found, maybe I should take you exploring."

Exploring. He says it like it means something wicked and dangerous. A shiver moves down my back. This is dangerous. I jerk away from him before I have the chance to lose my head completely.

"Exploring?" I say lightly, as if it's a big joke. "Right now?"

He laughs. "Not now. But soon."

Of course, that doesn't tell me anything about whether people here know about some of the house's hidden features.

I pick at the grass beside me. "Will you at least give me a hint about what you've found?"

Another laugh. "That would ruin the surprise."

I sit back, privately satisfied by his response. Maybe it's just wishful thinking, but it seems like Ward shares my attitude toward the house and all of its secrets.

"I'm going to hold you to that," I say. "In the meantime, you never gave me a real answer as to why you're sleeping out here."

"Maybe I just like the outdoors."

I tilt my head. "Or...?"

"Or..." he says, conceding, "maybe I've been sleeping on my buddy's couch these past few months. And maybe he has a lady-friend over tonight and wanted some privacy."

"Ah." I rub the back of my neck. How very gentlemanly of him. "But is it really necessary to sleep out here? Couldn't you have shacked up with another friend tonight?"

He gives another laugh, but this one is a little bitterer than the last one.

"I don't exactly have a lot of friends around here."

"No?" Then again, he did just get in a fight for getting it on with a coworker's girlfriend. "I guess I just assumed that you construction guys were all buddies. Everyone looks so chummy."

"The rest of them, yeah. Most of them have worked together in Barberville for years. I'm the new guy. And I guess I haven't made the best impression."

"You aren't from around here, then?"

He laughs. "Jesus, when did this turn into an interrogation?" But he goes along with it. "I'm from Chicago, actually. Came down here just for the job."

"Chicago? That's a long way."

"It's a very important job."

If it's that important to him, then why does he risk it all by sleeping with coworkers and getting in fights? But I don't press the issue.

"Well, now I've answered," he says before I can ask him any more questions. "Now it's your turn. Why are you out here at this hour? Midnight rendezvous with someone?"

"A rendezvous? Out here?"

"What? You don't think people have had sex out here before?"

"Why would people have sex in a hedge maze? You know what-don't answer that." My cheeks flush. The last thing I want or need right now is to start a conversation with Ward about sex. Not after our last encounter and the way I threw myself at him yet again.

What I need is a very long drink of wine.

"To answer your question," I say, lifting the bottle of Le Miel Dore, "I came out here because I wanted some fresh air. And to find a private place to indulge in a little light drinking."

"I thought all Huntington Manor employees were forbidden to drink on the premises?" he says, a smile in his voice.

"Hence the privacy. Obviously." Unfortunately, I didn't remember to grab a corkscrew, but I do have that ring of keys. "I hope you like wine, because I'm about to destroy this cork and I refuse to waste a drop." Even as I say it, I chastise myself. I'm supposed to be getting rid of him. Not inviting him to stay and share in my bounty with me. Not stealing peeks at him out of the corner of my eye, marveling in the way the moonlight shines off his hair.

But I don't say anything. I find a relatively sharp key and dig it into the cork of the bottle with the golden label. It takes a couple of tries to get the bottle open-and, as predicted, the cork is in pieces by the end of the process-but finally I succeed. I lift the bottle to my lips and take a nice long swig.

And almost spit it out.

After all the emotions it churned up, after all the trouble it took to snag it, my precious Le Miel Dore is absolutely disgusting. Seriously. I've never been a huge wine fan, but this bottle is sour. I might as well have sucked on a lemon.

I must look pretty ridiculous, trying to fight my gag reflex, because even in the moonlight I can tell Ward's looking at me like I'm insane.

"Want some?" I say, trying to sound casual.

He takes it but looks down at the bottle without drinking.

"I'm not a big fan of wine," he tells me.

"Me either. But it's one of the finest and most expensive of Huntington Manor's very distinguished collection."

His eyebrows fly up. "You took this from the cellar?"

"What's the matter? Afraid we'll get in trouble?" I grab the bottle back and take another swig.

The second taste isn't much better, but at least I'm prepared this time.

Beside me, Ward laughs. "You're full of surprises, aren't you?"

This time he takes the bottle without hesitation and takes a long drink. His face wrinkles up.

"I'm sorry," he says, wiping his mouth on his sleeve. "That stuff is nasty. It tastes like sweaty gym socks."

"It does, doesn't it?" I giggle. Suddenly I'm losing it, and Ward's laughing, too. We're so loud that I'm afraid one of the security guards might hear us, but I still can't manage to choke down my laughter. Finally, I'm forced to take drastic measures. The only way to stifle my hysterics is to grab the bottle and take another sip.

"Can you imagine?" I say when I can breathe again. "This is what fourteen hundred dollars' worth of sour old grapes tastes like."

He almost spits out his second sip. "Jesus. Can you imagine having so much money that you'd spend fourteen hundred dollars on this crap?"

Yes, I can. But Addison Thomas wouldn't be able to.

"Maybe that's why all rich people are such evil bastards," I say airily, playing my part. "They go around drinking this bile all the time."

"Mm." He takes another drink. "So logically it follows that if we drink a bunch of this crap all the time, we'll turn into rich evil bastards?"

I guess I can't get any worse at this point.

"There's only one way to find out." I take the bottle back and let another long swig slide down my throat.

For a while we just pass the bottle back and forth. I don't care if I vomit it all up afterward-I'm not going to let a single drop go to waste. This is my wine. Mine and my father's. And no Edward Carolson or random tourist is ever going to get a sip. Not that I wouldn't have loved to watch one of them try to stomach this stuff and pretend it was worth every single dollar.

I bet my father would have liked it, though. He always had interesting tastes, especially when it came to drinks.

"Your father?" Ward says.

It takes me a moment to realize I must have muttered that last bit aloud. My mind scrambles for a quick explanation. I don't really need one, though. Ward has no reason to suspect anything.

"He just loved wine," I say.

"Too bad you fucked up that cork," he says. "We might have sent him the rest of this crap."

I let my fingers move across the gold design on the label. No reason to hide it-it won't automatically implicate me.

"He's dead," I say.

"Oh. I'm sorry." He sits back, subdued a little.

A somber silence stretches between us. I'm not used to talking about my father. And I'm definitely not used to using the word dead. It's been more than a year-when does it start to feel real? When does that word become something more than a shadow, a nightmare? My mom died when I was young-far too young to even remember her face or voice. It was simple, in that weird, abstract way, to think of her as dead. But my father... I knew my father as something vibrant. Something alive. I'm still having trouble grasping the fact that he's gone forever.

"How long has it been?" Ward asks.

I pull at the corner of the wine label. "A year and a half in August."

"People say it gets easier, but it takes longer than they tell you." He takes the bottle from me again. "My mom died a couple of years ago."

I look over at him.

"Cancer," he continues. "She was sick for a long time before that." He takes a longer drink than usual. "She raised me on her own, so we only ever had each other, you know?"

My stomach twists. "I'm so sorry." I twine my fingers in the grass beside me. "My father raised us alone, too. My mom died when I was a baby."

"Us?"

"Me and C-Calvin. My brother." Calvin? Geez, that was a close one. I rush on, trying to bury my little stumble. "I just-I guess I always thought I'd be older when it happened. Or that I'd be more, I don't know... prepared."

He shakes his head. "It's supposed to be hard. That pain is what drives us forward."

Forward? I'm not so sure. But it definitely drove me somewhere-right into Ian's arms. And then Ward's. And then Ian's again. The guilt rises up in my throat, as sour as the wine, to fight with the grief. For a minute I think I'm actually going to be sick, but I fight it down. Then I grab the wine and take an extra-long drink, draining the rest of it.

By the time I've swallowed every last drop, my eyes have adjusted enough to the darkness to make out the strange look Ward's giving me.

"Is that why you're out here?" he asks finally. "Something remind you of him?"

"What?" I mean, of course. Everything here reminds me of him. But I'm guessing that's not what he's talking about. I grab the second bottle and give the cork the key treatment.

He pulls the bottle out of my hand as soon as it's open. "I mean, most people don't just randomly steal a fourteen hundred dollar bottle of wine." He looks at me just a little too long, and goose bumps ripple across my skin. "Or was it something else?"

I'm not sure I want to answer that, so I don't. But Ward's just getting started.

"Haymore getting to you?" he guesses.

"No," I say. "I mean, of course he is. But..."

"But that's not what's eating you right now." He takes a swig from the bottle. "Is it related to work at all?"

"Look, I don't want to-"

"Trouble with a friend?"

"I really don't-"

"Guy problems?"

"Just DROP IT, okay?"

"Ahh," he says, and I realize too late that I've given it away.

"Look, can't we just drink and enjoy ourselves?" I snatch the wine back from him.

His gaze burns into me, sending all sorts of inconvenient sensations through my skin. And no wonder he's confused, considering all the weird mixed signals I've been giving him this past week: throwing myself at him, running from him, throwing myself at him again. I didn't mean to make things this complicated.

"It's not about you," I assure him. "I promise."

But instead of that settling things, I see something flash in his eyes. He reaches out and drags the wine bottle back over to him.

"And the plot thickens," he says, amusement thickening his words. "Who's the lucky guy?"

I can't tell if he's being serious. But I'm not going to discuss this with him.

"You don't know him," I say. "And it's not important anyway."

"Does he know you're going around sticking your tongue down other men's throats?" He says it with a laugh, like it's a joke, but it hits its mark.

"I'm not a cheater, if that's what you're trying to say," I snap. "He and I aren't... I mean... it's complicated. But it doesn't have anything to do with you. And I don't know why you care."

Suddenly he's too close to me, and my breath catches in my throat.

"Maybe I don't like to share," he says in a tone that makes my insides turn to mush.

There's a challenge in his eyes. He wants me to acknowledge what happened between us. Twice. He wants me to admit that there's something between us.

But I still have some control of my wits, despite the wine buzz slowly filling my brain.

"But you're allowed to fool around with every Gracie who throws herself in your direction?" I say, reminding him of that whole mess. "I don't like double standards. And I don't owe you anything."

I slide back from him again. It's my turn at the wine, and I take my time drinking. He's still staring at me, I can tell, but I don't turn back toward him. If this is a battle of wills, then I'm not letting him win this time.

And then-shockingly-he laughs.

"You are one confusing girl, you know that?" he says. "One minute you can't keep your hands off of me and the next you act like I'm the one responsible for all of this. Am I that irresistible?"

"Please. I just needed a distraction and you were there." It's strangely liberating to admit it out loud. "Don't read any more into it than that."

"A distraction, huh? From what, exactly?"

"No. We're not going back to that. And don't act like I'm the only one with problems."

"Whoa." He throws up his hands and gives another laugh. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"That whole Carolson thing." I wave my hand at him. "Storming out of the luncheon. Acting like rich people are the devil. What's he ever done to you personally?"

Ward's humor evaporates in an instant.

"I don't want to talk about Carolson," he says, his voice tense. "Can't we just forget about that asshole for one night?" He yanks the wine out of my hand.

Geez. I watch him as he chugs from the bottle. I knew Carolson was a sore spot for him, but I never suspected I'd hit quite a nerve.

"Fine," I say when he finishes his drink. "We won't talk about him. But only if you stop asking me about my problems, too."

He makes a defeated sound, but some of the humor has come back to his face. "I was just trying to figure out why Haymore's assistant would risk her job by stealing something like this. You don't seem like the kind of girl who goes out looking for trouble."

"Maybe I'm the kind of girl who likes getting away with trouble."

"Are you trying to prove something?" he says. "Or is this some sort of self-destruct mission?"

"Excuse me, but I think we said no more talking about that. Besides, I've had a little too much wine for this sort of serious talk."

"I think we've had exactly the right amount of wine, actually. You're tipsy enough to be honest, but not so drunk that you're likely to pass out halfway through your confession."

"Not talking about it, remember?"

"All right. Tell me something else then. One of your other secrets."

"I don't have any other secrets."

He laughs. "A girl who throws herself at strangers and steals wine? You probably have as many secrets as this house does."

It must say something about my current level of tipsy-ness that I don't even flinch at how close he's come to the truth. Instead, I find myself leaning closer to him. The wine must be messing with my balance.

"What about you?" I say. "Do you have secrets?"

His mouth curls up. In the moonlight, his blue eyes look black, but I can see something gleaming in their depths.

"Of course," he says, his voice a touch lower than usual.

"Then you go first. Tell me a secret, and maybe I'll tell you one of mine."

His grin widens. "Just one?"

"One for one," I promise. "Just one little confession."

"All right."

He looks at me for a long moment without speaking. His eyes catch mine. Even here, in this light, they carry a sort of energy that shoots straight into me, all the way down to my toes. I freeze, and my breath catches on the tip of my tongue.

Ward leans nearer. Not too close-just close enough that I catch a whisper of that delicious scent that belongs distinctly to him. My eyes are drawn against my will to his lips, which part slightly under my gaze.

"My confession," he says, "is that I really want to kiss you again."

My heart skips a beat.

"But I'm not sure if I should," he continues, the roughness of his tone belying the hesitation of his words. "I don't know what's going on with you and this mystery guy, whoever he is. And I'm not sure if you've had enough to drink that it could be considered taking advantage."

He pauses when his face is only a few inches away from mine. I sit frozen against the hedge, too stunned to speak.

He's waiting for my permission, I realize. He wants me to acknowledge that I want him. Heat floods my lips.

And I do want him, I'm forced to admit to myself. I want him to kiss me. I know exactly how warm and soft his mouth is. I know exactly what he can do with that tongue. It would be so easy to nod my head, to part my lips and meet his.

But Ian's image floats into my mind. I can still see the pain and anger in those gray eyes. I can still feel the kindness, the gentleness in his touch on my skin. How can I sit here, aching for Ward to touch and kiss me, when not an hour ago I left Ian like that?

But the other half of my brain urges me forward. You already know you're selfish and cruel, it says. You already know there's no hope for you. If I'm a lost cause, then why not abandon myself to a moment of pleasure? A moment of release from all this madness? We're not even touching, Ward and I, and yet I feel as if a surge of energy is pulling me forward, drawing me toward him. His lips look so inviting. And anyway, what harm could a kiss do?

I lean forward, my mouth only an inch away from his. He doesn't come nearer, but his hand finds mine in the darkness. His fingers drift across the back of my palm, then up my bare arm, sending tiny tremors across my skin. When he reaches my shoulder, they skim lightly across my sleeve and toward the back of my neck. And still his lips don't move.

I have to say something, I know. I must take responsibility for this. Tell him it's okay. All I have to do is say one little word and I can lose myself in the fire that burns through my veins.

But maybe there's a speck of decency in me somewhere because I can't do it. I pull back.

For the second time tonight, I watch disappointment flood a man's eyes.

"I can't," I say. "I'm sorry."

He sits back. "The other guy?"

I feel like all the energy's drained out of me now that he's a respectable distance away from me again. I cross my arms, suddenly cold.

"No. I mean, partially yes." I clamber to my feet. "It's hard to explain."

He's on his feet in an instant. We're directly in the moonlight now, and the light gives his auburn hair a metallic, almost bronze sheen and highlights the lines of his face: straight nose, cheekbones, strong jaw. He's wearing a white T-shirt with a V-neck that gives me the barest glimpse of his collarbone.

The reaction he stirs in me is very different from the one Ian inspires. With Ian, it was always about warmth and affection and comfort. He was a safe harbor, a solid strength when the rest of the world was falling down around me. It's the opposite with Ward. Alternate flashes of fire and ice move through my body, and I feel anything but steady. He is the chaos. He threatens to pull me off-balance.

And strangely, I find myself longing for that madness.

He's right in front of me now. There's a heat in his eyes, a look that might have been possessiveness if he had any claim over me. I raise the wine to take another drink. But he stops me, taking the bottle from my hand. I can't escape this moment by drowning myself in more alcohol.

"Tell me about him," he says.

"About..."

"This guy."

"He's not... I mean, it's hard to explain. Complicated."

"Do you love him?"

I look up into his face, waiting for the roguish grin, but Ward is perfectly serious.

"It's complicated," I repeat.

"So you don't love him." He looks thoughtful. "But he loves you?"

Geez, did I make it that obvious? "It's none of your business."

"You shouldn't lead him on."

"Oh, please. You are the last person who should be giving me a lecture about this."

He doesn't seem to agree.

"You should break things off," Ward says. "If you don't love him, then break things off and let the poor sap get on with his life."

I'm trying, I want to say. Instead, I tell him, "It's not that simple. There's nothing to 'break off.' There are just some things to sort through."

"Then sort them."

"It's not that simple."

"Yes. Yes it is."

I'm about to tell him he can shove it, but then I see the look on his face. He's not arguing for the sake of arguing.

"The only thing making it complicated is this." He taps the side of his head. "Same with everything in life. Things are as they are. The complicated part comes from our own heads."

He's making a lot of sense for someone who's had at least a bottle of wine tonight. Then again, maybe I think it makes sense because I've had the same.

I wish it were that simple. I wish I could just close my eyes and accept things as they are and forget about stupid little inconveniences like feelings.

Ward's hand comes up and tangles in my hair. I close my eyes and lean into his touch.

Suddenly, it does seem simple. Right now, all of my other problems seem far away. And not because I'm distracted or running toward something else. Because here, looking at Ward, I feel hope. There's something warm in my chest-a sense that the life I had doesn't have to be my only life. There are a thousand possibilities ahead of me, and not just paths of mourning and loss and selfishness. There are paths of happiness, too, if I open myself to them. It's that simple.

I feel myself leaning toward him, though I don't remember making the decision to do so. His hand stills on my cheek and his eyes drop to my lips.

"Addison," he says softly.

And then the real world comes crashing down.

Addison. He thinks my name is Addison. He has no idea who I am, no idea what I'm doing here. And based on some of the things he's said about people like my family, he wouldn't like me very much if he knew the truth.

This isn't simple. No, this is a big fat mess. Right now, I'm living a lie, and this is really freaking complicated.

I draw away from him for the second time tonight.

"I can't," I whisper.

"Addi-"

"I can't." I can't hear that name. I can't kiss him. I can't just close my eyes and wish away all the emotions I've kept bottled up this past year.

I start to back away from him, and it's only by some miracle that I remember the wine bottles. I grab the one with the gold label from the ground before taking the other from Ward. He doesn't put up a fight.

"I'm sorry," I tell him as I back away again. He has no idea how much.

This time I don't run from him. But I feel his gaze boring into my back as I walk away, and for the first time since I can remember, I have to fight the urge to run back to someone.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Surprise, surprise-I don't get much sleep that night. It doesn't seem to matter how exhausted my body is. The minute I lie down, my mind starts to race, and on the occasions I do manage to drift off, strange dreams keep waking me up again.

I use the time to my advantage, getting to work on the wine bottles. A quick Internet search brings up several ways to remove a wine label without damaging it, and a short time later, I have the labels from both bottles in my hand. I consider keeping the one for the Miel Dore, but it's not worth the risk. Tomorrow, I'll sneak back into the cellar and glue these labels on other bottles-ones that haven't made it into the database yet-and if I pull this off, no one will notice that either wine was gone in the first place.

The project keeps me busy, but it doesn't keep my mind from drifting back to Ward. To the way he looked at me. I already know what it feels like to kiss him, how fully my body responds to his. If I'd wanted, I could have abandoned myself to that feeling. Seen how far he'd let me go this time.

But I'm horrible for even considering it. For wanting it at all after falling into Ian's arms earlier this evening.

I don't care what Ward says. It's not simple. I'm supposed to be enjoying some self-imposed celibacy here. Why am I throwing myself at every man who crosses my path?

There's something different with him, I tell myself. Different than anything I've felt for a guy before. It's brighter, somehow. More vibrant. Something deep inside me comes alive when I'm near him, which is silly because I hardly know the guy.

It's just an excuse. I'm just trying to convince myself that this is okay. The sad truth is that at the end of the day, he's just another man, and I'm just looking for another crutch. I need to stop pretending otherwise.

Still, I can't stop thinking about it as I head down to my office in the morning. For those first few hours, I try to lose myself in my work. Mr. Haymore's in rare form today. The press members arrive in a handful of days, and there are approximately a thousand things left to do. I've got a full day ahead of me, and that means downing two cups of coffee right away. Several days without a good night's sleep is starting to wear on me. My head is throbbing, and all my thoughts are running together. I'm sure I look like a wreck. More than once I catch Mr. Haymore glaring at me, but fortunately he's too busy with his own things to give me any lectures.

And then, at about half past ten, my boss comes racing into my office, his eyes wide with panic.

"Call security. Tell them to get to the spa immediately."

"What's going on?" I reach for my phone. "What-"

But Haymore's already running from my office again.

What the heck is happening this time? I quickly phone the security office, and as soon as I hang up, I'm heading out the door in the direction of the spa. Whatever is happening, I have a feeling that I'm going to have to clean up after it.

When I hear the angry shouts, my stomach clenches. It sounds like another fight, and I have a feeling I know who's involved. Someone curses loudly, and then there's a huge splash just as I enter the spa lobby. When I hurry into the facilities, sure enough I find that the fight has spilled into one of the soaking pools.

But maybe fight isn't a strong enough word. Brawl is much more accurate. There are at least five guys in the pool, and there are so many flailing limbs and punches flying through the air that it takes me a moment to spot that head of red-brown hair. Just as I suspected, Ward is at the center of it all. Even as I watch, he gets a fist right to the face.

Mr. Haymore's on the edge of the pool, shouting. But we're not the only onlookers. A couple of the construction workers still stand by the scaffolding on the far side of the room (from the looks of it, they were finishing up a large section of tilework today) and a handful of employees from nearby sections of the house have come to gawk at the commotion. Looks like no one wants to miss a good brouhaha around here.

Even, it seems, the owner himself.

I jerk back a step when Carolson enters beside me. He doesn't give me a second glance, but his eyes dart around the rest of the room-from the men in the pool to the unfinished tiles to the crazed Mr. Haymore-and his mouth curls down into a sharp frown.

"Charles," he says. It's not very loud, but Mr. Haymore's back stiffens instantly. He stops shouting and turns toward us at the door.

"Security's on its way, sir," he says. His gaze shifts back to the men in the pool-who've still shown no signs of breaking it up-then back to Carolson. "Please, sir, stand back. They'll get this under control."

I risk a glance up at Carolson, but the frown has disappeared, replaced by his normal emotionless mask.

A crack resounds through the room, and I swing back towards the fight, fearing the worst. My mind floods with images of Ward's head bashed against the side of the pool, of the water running red with his blood.

It's clear, the longer I look, that this is a four-against-one battle. Ward is swinging at everyone, and everyone else is swinging at him. How he's managed to hold his ground for this long, I have no idea.

My throat is completely dry by the time security arrives. They've sent five guards, but even then I'm not sure that's enough to subdue the men in the pool. The brawlers haven't even noticed these latest arrivals.

"Break it up!" one of the guards shouts. He's a large, stocky man with a clipped gray mustache. "Break it up!"

Two of the security officers jump right into the pool. The other three fan out along the nearest edge.

"Break it up!" the big one shouts again. The guards in the pool have started grabbing some of the brawlers, pulling them back by their arms, and only now do the workers seem to realize they have an audience. Slowly, they all fall back, leaving Ward panting in the middle, letting me see him clearly for the first time.

His left eye is swollen and his nose is bent at an odd angle. His lip is busted and getting puffy, and there's so much blood-from his nose, from his lip, from God knows where-that it's soaked through his shirt and started to form a crimson cloud in the water.

The others look bad, too, but none of their injuries compare. One of the guards moves toward Ward, offering an arm for support, and he staggers forward a step. I suck in a breath.

That stupid idiot! How did he get himself in this mess?

"Someone get the medic." Carolson's voice, cold and even, breaks the awful silence.

Mr. Haymore, too flustered to even remember his assistant is standing right next to him, nods. "Right away, sir." He turns and darts out the door.

I can't take my eyes off of Ward. The guard is helping him to the tile steps of the pool, letting him lean on his shoulder. There's a red trail in the water behind them.

There's so much blood. He needs to stop the bleeding. His nose is broken, certainly. But right now he needs a bandage, or a rag, or a-I turn and dart back to the spa's front desk. Just as I'd hoped, there's already a supply of towels on one of the shelves. When I get back to the pool, they've already helped Ward out of the water.

"Here," I say, pushing through the others.

I hold out the towel, and he grabs it and presses it to his face. Only then does he look up, and his eyes widen slightly when he sees me. He looks down again almost immediately. I'm not sure whether it's from shame or something else.

Mr. Haymore returns a moment later, the medical team on his heels. I slink back against the wall, trying to get out of the way but unwilling to leave the spa. Over by the door, one of the other brawlers is talking to a security guard and Carolson.

"He started it," the man says. He pushes a bit of wet hair out of his eyes. "He's been trying to pick a fight all morning. Insulting Jacobs. Giving us attitude. He just-"

I can't listen to this. I didn't think Ward was just an innocent victim in all this, no, but I don't want to hear that he was looking for a fight. Anger flares inside of me. What is it with men? How does punching something or someone ever make anything better? Ward looks like he was run over by a truck, and that's just a casual analysis of his current condition. Who knows what other injuries they'll find when they examine him? What the heck was he thinking? He'd better hope they take him out of here soon because I want to throw a few punches at him for being such a hot-headed idiot.

I glance back over at him. His shoulders are slumped and he's looking down at his lap while the medics examine him. He still holds the towel to his nose, and though it's drenched in blood, he's sitting perfectly still. His wet hair is plastered to his forehead and neck, and his clothes are dripping onto the tiles. He looks so... vulnerable.

"Something has to be done about this," I hear Haymore say behind me. "This kind of behavior is unacceptable."

This is it, I realize. Ward might have talked his way out of trouble after his first fight, but there's no way he won't be fired now. Especially since Carolson witnessed the whole thing.

I'm saddened by the realization more than I want to admit.

But I don't have the chance to analyze that feeling too closely. The medics are moving Ward, taking him back to the clinic, I assume. I wouldn't be surprised if they end up calling an ambulance and shipping him off to the hospital.

He can walk, at least, though it takes two of the medical personnel to support him. I want to say something as he passes, to reach out and tell him that it will be okay, but Ward doesn't even glance at me, though I know he must know that I haven't left. He walks right past me without any sort of acknowledgment.

When they reach the men by the door, though, Ward jerks out of the medics' grip. He takes a step forward, wobbling slightly, and raises his head to look Carolson right in the eyes.

Then proceeds to spit right in his face.

I gasp, and I'm not the only one. For a moment the entire room freezes, stunned by this display of disgust and disrespect. Mr. Haymore looks like he might explode.

The only person who's managed to avoid showing any shock or anger is Carolson. He blinks once, then raises a hand to wipe the spittle from his nose. His face remains blank.

Only then does one of the guards leap forward, and the medics quickly grab Ward's arms again. As soon as he's been escorted out of the room, Mr. Haymore steps forward.

"Sir," he says. "See what I mean? Completely unacceptable. We can't have men like that working here."

Carolson doesn't say anything. He pulls a handkerchief out of his pocket and dabs at his face. Mr. Haymore keeps going.

"...just completely unprofessional," he says. "We only have a handful of days unt-"

The other man clears his throat, and Mr. Haymore falls silent.

"It certainly is unprofessional," Carolson says. He stuffs the handkerchief into his pocket and looks up, taking in the rest of us with his measured gaze. "But he's not the only man at fault here. Every man who raised his fist is at fault." He walks deeper into the room. "I will have the name of every man involved. The cost of the damages will come equally out of each of your paychecks."

One of the men starts to protest, but Carolson raises a hand.

"You're lucky I don't fire all of you right now," he says. "This spa will be finished today. I don't care if you're here until midnight. You will take responsibility for your childishness. If I get word of any more trouble, I won't be so lenient. Get yourselves cleaned up and get back to work."

He turns without even waiting for a response. Mr. Haymore is instantly at his side.

"Sir," he says. "There's still the matter of Ward Brannon. He's been in fights in the past, and I-"

"I've made my decision," Carolson says. "If we're going to have to pay out any medical bills, then I want the work he promised us."

"Certainly there are others who can-"

"Not others with his skill who have been with this project since the beginning. What I've seen of his work has been exceptional."

"I'm sure there's someone else-"

"There are only a handful of days left, as you said. Certainly he can't get himself in too much more trouble, especially in his condition."

They're both out the door before I can catch the next sentence. Mr. Haymore seems to have forgotten I exist.

I lean back against the wall for a moment, letting the back of my neck rest against the cold tile. I'm confused. Carolson is keeping Ward on? Even after this? I glance around. The other guys seem just as stunned as I do. A couple of them are still talking to the security guards, but even the men who weren't involved in the fight seem too startled to get right back to work.

There's something going on here.

I push myself off the wall and walk slowly back toward the main part of the building. As much as it would have disappointed me, I wouldn't have blamed Carolson for sacking him. I mean, Ward is clearly a danger to this project-both to the physical property and the general employee morale around here. This display of leniency seems odd, to say the least.

And he called Ward's work exceptional. He said they wouldn't be able to find someone who matched his skill. It's weird that someone as "above" this project as Carolson would single out the work of a single subcontractor. And it's almost unimaginable that he'd actually defend someone in Ward's position. Is Ward's work really that good?

I think about the passion in his voice when he spoke about this house. And I saw his finished work on the window in the Welcome Center-as much as I hate to admit it, it looks exactly like the original. Maybe he's more talented than I suspected.

Either way, though, that doesn't change the fact that he's seriously injured right now. That friggin' idiot. What was he trying to prove? And why did he have to spit in Carolson's face on the way out?

Calm down, Lou, I tell myself. There's no reason you should be getting so upset about this. Ward's just a coworker. A distraction. An amazingly sexy distraction, sure, but still someone who shouldn't be entering my emotional sphere right now. He's made his own bed. He can deal with the consequences of his actions.

And I need to focus on dealing with the consequences of mine. I've been avoiding it all day, but I can't hide from it forever: I need to call Ian. I need to apologize for everything that happened last night and set things right between us once and for all. It was cruel to let him come here, but it would be even worse to let things drag out any longer.

I don't go straight back to my office. I have my cell on me already, so instead I take a walk. I wander through the halls, quickening my pace whenever I pass someone so it looks like I'm on an errand. I don't have a specific destination in mind, but I find myself heading toward the northern section of the western wing. There aren't a lot of people in this area of the house, and that's fine by me.

Eventually, I come to the room that once served as my family's private theater room. Curious, I push open the door and peer inside.

The room looks like it always did-rows of stadium-style seating facing a huge projection screen-so I guess they realized a movie room might be a nice amenity for guests. I walk into the room and sink down in one of the cushy seats.

I was never really into television or movies, but my father was. Once a year he'd force me and Calder to sit down for a James Bond marathon, even when year after year I'd fall asleep halfway through Dr. No. I wonder where all of those movies are now. Did Calder take them? Did he sell them?

I lean back in my seat and turn my head, pressing my nose against the cushion. Maybe I'm just imagining it, but I swear it smells the same as it always did. Like a bit of my father still lingers.

My eyes start to burn, and I sit up again. What would my father have said, seeing all of this? Seeing what they've done to this place? Did he even realize we'd have to sell it to take care of his debts? Or did he just assume we'd find a way to protect it and keep it in the family? Is he up there right now, staring down at me and Calder and thinking we should have done more?

I'm just one person. What am I supposed to do? Beg Carolson to reconsider his decision? Legally, he can do whatever the heck he wants. And though I might chip away at this place bit by bit, stealing wine or doing other petty little things, it won't make a difference.

I press the backs of my hands against my eyes. I didn't come here to feel sorry for myself. I snuck away so that I'd have a chance to talk to Ian in private, and I won't let myself put it off any longer.

I pull out my phone and find Ian's number.

Don't be a coward, I tell myself. Do the right thing. I push the button before I can come up with any excuses for putting this off. I bite down on my lip as it rings on his end.

But he doesn't answer. I'm not sure whether the relief or the disappointment is stronger as his voicemail message picks up, but I take a deep breath. Maybe it's cowardly to spill everything in a message, but I tell myself that it's better to get it all out there as soon as possible.

"Hey, it's Lou," I say, leaning back against my seat. "I... I just wanted to tell you that I'm really sorry about how I behaved last night. It's my fault. I shouldn't have... shouldn't have let things go as far as they did. I'm so sorry, Ian. You have no idea how sorry I am."

My voice shakes slightly, and I'm sure I sound like a crazy person, but I press on.

"I'm so sorry," I say again, a little stronger. "I don't want to be the person who brings you down. Not anymore. I want you to go on and have the happiest life you can possibly have. You're going to help so many people, Ian. You're going to do amazing things." Just not with me, I add in my head. "Thank you. For everything. For being there for me."

I swallow, trying to sort out the thoughts and emotions rushing through my head.

"I just want..." How exactly do I say this? "I just want to give you the chance to have everything you deserve. Because you deserve better than this." Better than me. He needs to see that. I refuse to take advantage of him anymore.

I don't know what else to say, how to make this whole send-off any less awful. But there's no way to make this okay. So rather than drag it out any longer, I decide to leave it at that.

"Goodbye, Ian," I say finally, my voice no more than a whisper. I hang up and let the phone fall into my lap. My head drops back against the seat, and I close my eyes.

"That was the right thing," I say out loud, as if somehow that'll make it easier.

I want to scream. I want to punch something. Maybe this is what Ward is dealing with-this overwhelming urge to do something to release this horrible energy inside. To hurt something. Destroy it.

Instead, the tears I've been holding back since I arrived here finally break free. One minute my eyes are completely dry, and the next, they're pouring down my cheeks. And once I've started, I can't stop.

My cell phone falls off my lap and hits the floor. I reach down, trying to grab it, and then I'm on the floor, too. I draw my knees up to my chest and press my face against them and just cry.

I don't know if it's everything that happened last night or just all the overwhelming emotions I've had to deal with since coming back here. I don't know if these tears are healthy or a sign that I'm on the verge of a major breakdown. I can feel myself starting to hyperventilate, but I fight against the panic. I rock back and forth, trying to calm myself down.

You did the right thing with Ian, I tell myself over and over again. Maybe there's hope for me figuring all this out. Maybe I have a chance to be a normal, healthy person. But I can't escape the knowledge that I'm alone again, that I've cut ties to my last lifeline. I'm on my own once more, and that terrifies me.

I don't know how long I've been sitting there when the tears finally slow down. Too long, I'm sure. Mr. Haymore's probably going insane.

I wipe my cheeks and get to my feet, brushing the carpet fuzz off of my skirt.

You've got this, I tell myself. You can handle this. I've made one step in the right direction today. I can be stronger. Better. No more distractions. No more bad habits.

Unfortunately, some bad habits have a way of finding their way back into your life whether you want them there or not.

CHAPTER NINE

Those last few days before the press members arrive go by in a blur. Mr. Haymore apparently thinks I'm the Energizer Bunny. He has me doing so many things I'm shocked that I'm still standing.

But I like being busy. I feel productive. And that's a much better alternative than stewing on my problems. I don't have time to think about the fact that Ian hasn't responded to my message-whether to worry about how he's taking the news or to be relieved that he's accepted my decision. And I don't have time to think about Ward-to wonder how he's recovering from his injuries or think about the fact that the impending grand opening means his work here is very close to done. Even if he's well enough to get back on the job, there's a chance I'll never see him again.

By the time the big morning comes, I'm both physically and mentally exhausted. The only reason I'm not in a puddle on the floor is that I'm jacked up on four cups of coffee. If I stand in one place for too long, my entire body starts to tremble and shake.

Unfortunately, as Mr. Haymore's assistant, I've gotten roped into helping him greet all the arriving press members. They intentionally made this week very exclusive, inviting only fifty or so members of various media outlets, and Haymore's insisting on welcoming every visitor personally. That means spending the better part of the day in the front lobby. I can tell my boss is a nervous wreck because his mustache is twitching even more than usual, but he pulls it together whenever someone walks through the door.

Me? I'm so drained that I'm having trouble standing upright. I, lucky girl that I am, get to check in everyone as they arrive. I mark their names off my list and hand them their name tags and welcome packets (ever a favorite of Mr. Haymore's) while my boss joyfully babbles on about our fine accommodations. I'm not really cut out for reception duty, but all of the usual Guest Services employees have been asked to help ferry the press members to their respective rooms. Apparently normal baggage boys won't cut it with this crowd.

I do okay at the beginning. But as the morning drags on and I've reached four consecutive hours without a cup of coffee, I'm starting to get a little spazzy. Several times I have to ask for names more than once, and once I even drop one of the welcome packets as I'm passing it across the counter. It falls open on its way down, and papers flutter everywhere.

"Crap." I rush around the counter, all too aware of Mr. Haymore's glare. The journalist I was supposed to be helping is already crouched down, gathering things up. I drop to my knees and help. I'm not even sure why I care so much-it's not like I'm particularly invested in this place's success-but I still feel bad.

"I'm sorry, Mr.-" And dang, I've already forgotten his name. I just marked it off the list about fifteen seconds ago.

"Julian," he says. "Asher Julian."

He sounds friendly, not annoyed, so I risk a glance up. He's youngish-probably late twenties-and not unattractive. Not Ward levels of hot or anything-not that I'm thinking about Ward-but not halfway bad looking. Though he's got a look about his eyes that makes me suspect this guy has the potential to be a major douche if he wants to.

My eyes drop to the badge I handed him less than a minute ago. Beneath his name it lists the name of the company he's from, and my stomach clenches with recognition. He's from Look! Magazine, one of the big celebrity news publications. I can imagine which angle of this story he's covering.

I sit back on my knees, pasting on my practiced smile. It's only after I've finished putting the packet together that I look up and realize that Mr. Julian is looking at me oddly.

"Have we met before?" he says. "You look really familiar."

I go cold. It hadn't even crossed my mind that some of our new visitors might recognize me, but that was a careless oversight. Sure, some of these people are from travel and luxury news outlets, but many are from websites or papers that would have closely followed my family's story. How could I have been so stupid? What if someone figures out who I am? A bad dye-job and extra lipstick aren't going to protect me from observant people like these guys.

My heart is bouncing against my ribs.

Breathe, I tell myself. Flash him a smile and breathe. Don't let him see you sweat.

"Oh, I get that a lot," I say, and thankfully it sounds casual and light. "I guess I just have one of those faces."

I hold my breath, but he nods and smiles. "I guess you do."

And then he's gone, being escorted away by one of the over-eager Guest Services gophers. I try not to look too relieved as I return to my place behind the counter. That was close.

I'm not sure what I'll do if people around here figure out who I am. Even if they were okay with overlooking the whole "illegal" side of things, they'd want an explanation, and I'm not sure I can even explain it to myself, let alone come up with a reasonable excuse for someone else. Besides, I'm not ready to leave yet. I still have too many things to figure out.

That means being extra careful.

Unfortunately, since Mr. Haymore's in charge of making this week run smoothly and I'm in charge of doing whatever Mr. Haymore needs, I can't just avoid our new visitors. I have to be by my boss's side for every event. Starting with the welcome reception on the very first night.

In spite of throwing on an extra layer of makeup and running my straightener through my hair three different times, I still feel exposed when I show up at the atrium. They've set up tables and chairs among the indoor gardens, and there's an open bar on the far side of the room. Servers move through the journalists and photographers with trays of appetizers, and Mr. Haymore is already mingling with the guests. I move along the wall, happy to remain hidden until I'm needed. I don't need any curious pairs of eyes on me tonight.

I made a copy of the sign-in list this afternoon, and I pull it out and study the names, trying to match them with the faces in front of me. If anyone asks, I can just tell them I'm learning who's who so I can offer the best, most personal service possible. In reality, though, I need to know who I'm up against.

I've already marked Asher as one to watch. I've kept my eye on him since he walked in, observing him as he moves around the room. I put check marks next to the names of the representatives from magazines and websites I find particularly suspicious-ones I suspect covered my family's story closely, as opposed to publications about travel or tourism that are here for a first look at the accommodations. And the whole time, I keep an eye out for anyone who looks at me a fraction too long, or who squints and tilts their head as if they're trying to figure out where they've seen me before.

But my "disguise" must be better than I thought, or else everyone's too focused on the food and sticking their noses up each other's butts to give me a second glance. It's just like I felt next to Carolson. I'm essentially the help. Only here when someone needs me.

In spite of myself, this irks me.

Don't you know who I am?!? I want to scream. My great-great-grandfather built this place! This is my family's home, and they're all invaders. Invaders who have no problem gawking at the gardens out the windows or furiously scribbling down notes as if this place were the friggin' eighth wonder of the world.

It's worse when Carolson finally shows up. He rolls in at half past eight, and immediately the crowd falls into a strange frenzy; everything is completely silent except for the clicking of camera shutters and the scratch of pens. Some people start typing into their phones, while one or two fish digital recorders out of their pockets.

Carolson gives his usual smile as he walks to the front of the room.

"No questions tonight," he says, "but I wanted to come welcome you personally to Huntington Manor." He spreads his arms. "I can't tell you how excited I am to share this project of mine with the world."

He goes on, but I don't hear the words. I'm remembering what Ward said to me about rich people. About how everything they say or do is to make them seem more important. Every gesture, every word of Carolson's is perfectly calculated. He's setting himself up as the gracious, generous host of this event. Taking credit for this "project" as if he's been here all along, working up a sweat with the contractors and the rest of the staff. Maybe he's manipulative enough to do it on purpose, or maybe it's just become a habit of his over the years, expanding as his status grows.

This is my family's house, I want to say. Not yours! It will never really be yours!

If it had been my father up there, or my brother or me, then we would have had the right to say those things. But not Carolson.

I feel the anger starting to build in my chest, and I push it down. Ever since my breakdown in the theater, I feel like my emotions have been too close to the surface, just waiting to break free again. I need to fight them back. Be strong. I can't lose it here, where there are a dozen cameras to capture every second of Louisa Cunningham's mental break.

I need air. Fresh air.

Fortunately, Mr. Haymore's too busy nodding enthusiastically along with Carolson's spiel to notice me leaving, and I pray that he doesn't need me again immediately. If he does... well, I'll worry about coming up with an excuse when the time comes.

I march back through the house and out one of the side doors, into the moon garden. Every blossom in this section blooms in the moonlight, and at this hour, the beds I pass are filled with beautiful pale flowers. I consider stopping and sitting here for a while, but I'm afraid I'll only get restless. And anyway, I desperately need a drink.

I'm across the lawn and at the tasting room in less than five minutes. Another thirty seconds and I'm inside.

This time, I don't have a particular bottle in mind, so I take my time choosing the wine I want. Not because I have any idea which might be better than any other-honestly, I don't know a merlot from a pinot noir. I consider picking one based solely on the label, but in the end I decide to be a little bolder and choose something based on price. I grab two bottles that appear to be valued at about $900 each.

And then, sustenance procured, I head to the maze. It's still probably the safest place to sneak some wine in spite of my slightly complicated experience the other night.

It doesn't even occur to me that Ward might be out there again. But when I get to my favorite spot, I realize that once again I've made a gross oversight.

"You," I say, seeing the familiar auburn-haired figure reclining against the hedge in the moonlight.

He shifts, pulling himself up into a sitting position. "You."

I can't tell from his tone whether he's happy or disappointed to see me. I'm too focused on his injuries, which are all too obvious, even beneath the silvery light of the moon. Those shadows beneath his eyes are definitely bruises, and his left eye is still puffy and slightly swollen. His left arm is in a sling. His nose is back in a slightly more normal shape, which is good, but I'm sure there are plenty of injuries I can't see beneath his clothes.

Not that I'm thinking about what's beneath his clothes. I realize I'm staring, so I quickly say, "Your roommate have a girl over again?"

He shrugs, then winces. "What can I say? He's a player."

Well, looks like I'm not going to be alone here tonight. Might as well accept that and make myself comfortable. This time, though, I don't sit on the ground next to him. Instead, I take a seat on the small stone bench nestled against the leaves.

"I'd hope that your friend would be a little more considerate, considering your condition," I say.

"My condition? This is nothing."

"Nothing? Have you seen your face?"

"It's just a broken nose and a black eye. Not like I've never had one of those before."

"And your arm?"

"A sprain. I'm fine." He makes an exasperated sound. "I'm not a fucking invalid."

"I never said you were."

We're both silent for a long moment. If he doesn't want me to show any concern, then fine. Let him hold on to his stupid, mannish pride.

After a couple of minutes, he sighs. He rubs his face with his good arm.

"Why are you out here?" he says.

"Same as before. I wanted to get away for a while." I hold up one of the bottles. "I've brought more wine." Though after what happened last time, I'm not sure if it's a good idea.

"Go ahead, drink it," he says. "And don't worry. I won't try to kiss you again."

I don't answer. But I do pull out my keys and dig the cork out of the bottle.

"I thought you might be gone already," I say. "Or at least I thought the main construction projects would be finished before the press got here. Are you still under contract?"

"What? Sad you're not rid of me yet?" He gives a bitter laugh.

"That's not what I meant."

"To answer your question, yeah, the big stuff's done. But there's tons of little shit left to do. They've got me laying moldings in some rooms in the eastern wing."

Again, I can't tell if he's happy or sad about that. I've managed to get the cork out of the bottle, so I raise the wine and take a long sip before holding it out to Ward.

"Peace offering," I say.

He nods and takes the bottle. He takes a long drink, but I feel his eyes on me the entire time.

And then he coughs.

"Fuck," he says, laughing. "This shit's even worse than the last one. How much does this crap cost?"

"More than you want to know." I steal the bottle back.

"Jesus. They should pay their customers to drink that crap. Not the other way around."

For a while, we just pass the bottle back and forth, taking swigs and saying nothing. Finally, when the bottle is half empty, I take another shot.

"Why do you do it?"

He shifts slightly. "Do what?"

"Pick fights." I nod in the direction of his arm. "If you came all the way down here from Chicago for this opportunity, then why are you so determined to get yourself fired?"

"I didn't get fired."

"You know what I mean."

It's his turn at the bottle, and he takes a long drink. Finally he says, "Have you ever been angry? And I don't mean pissed about some idiotic thing that someone said or your pizza being late or something. I mean really angry. At the world. At everything."

His question so closely echoes the mess of emotions that I've been dealing with these past few days. I was right, then, back in the theater when I wondered if he was suffering from the same sort of internal madness that I am.

I look at him. He looks exhausted, defeated, but I suspect the upbeat, playful Ward is still in there somewhere.

"Why are you angry?" I say.

He gives a single shake of his head. "I'm not sure it even matters anymore."

Slowly, I sink down onto the ground in front of him. "Of course it matters."

One side of his mouth lifts. "When you get to the point that you're angry at everything, does it really make a difference how or why it started?"

"You're not angry at everything," I say after a moment. "If that were true you'd be a lot more serious. You wouldn't laugh about nasty expensive wine. You wouldn't continually tease me about the, uh, unusual circumstances that started our little acquaintance."

That gets a slightly better smile out of him, but no response. I lean toward him.

"You know it's true," I say. "There are a few happy places inside your head, aren't there?"

This is the first time I've seen his injuries so close, and even in the moonlight my heart twists. His swollen eye looks so painful that I can't stop myself from reaching out and touching it gingerly.

His hand flies up and catches mine.

"You don't want to do that," he says, his voice breathier than it was a moment ago.

"Are you angry with me?" I ask.

"For poking at my bruise? A little."

"That's not what I mean." I take a deep breath. "I mean about the other night." For running away from you.

He still hasn't released my hand, but I can't bring myself to pull my fingers away. His grip tightens slightly, and a jolt of warmth shoots up my arm.

"Are you angry with me?" he asks.

"I asked you first. And I don't care if that argument is cliche."

He smiles at our old joke.

"I'm not mad if you aren't," he says finally. Then he drops his hand and sits back against the hedge.

I draw my fingers back, though I want to reach out and touch him again. "I'm not mad."

"Good." He nods, but his smile from a moment ago is gone.

"See?" I tell him. "You aren't angry at everything."

"It's a little more complicated than that."

"Actually," I say, sitting back on my heels. "I seem to remember you saying that everything was simple. That it was our heads that got in the way."

He smirks. "That was a very different conversation."

"The advice still applies. And it's bad form to give advice that you refuse to take yourself."

"What about you? Did you take the advice you're throwing so cheerfully back in my face?"

My gaze drops down to the wine. "As a matter of fact, I did."

I glance up again just in time to watch that knowledge sink in on his face. My finger dances along the mouth of the wine bottle.

"I called him and made it clear that things were over between us." Somehow, saying it out loud makes me feel worse, even though I know I did the right thing. I've acknowledged it. Now it's real. Guilt tugs at my stomach.

"If it's over, then why are you out here with stolen wine again?"

His question catches me by surprise.

"What, aren't I allowed a mourning period for my..." What? Pseudo-relationship with Ian? I take another drink. "Or maybe I just get off on the risk."

That gets a chuckle. "Good girls often do."

"How do you know I'm a good girl?" After all, I did throw myself at him before I even knew his name.

"You're a good girl. Trust me."

"But how do you know?" There's more emotion behind the words than I mean there to be. "You hardly know me. I might look like a 'good girl', but maybe I'm a terrible person on the inside."

"For what? Stealing wine? That doesn't make you a terrible person."

He wouldn't be so flippant if he knew who I really was. If he knew I was one of those self-serving "rich fucks."

I grab the end of my ponytail. "Sometimes people look like they're good from the outside, but on the inside they're actually selfish assholes." Like heiresses who volunteer in the name of "activism" and "generosity" when they're really more concerned with assuaging a guilty conscience or putting on a good face for the tabloids. Or people who claim to be ashamed of their ridiculously large house, only to have a complete breakdown the minute it's taken away from them.

Ward gently pulls the wine out of my hand.

"It's easy to get screwed up after losing a parent," he says after a moment.

I shake my head. "This isn't about my father." No, I was screwed up even before his death. I've spent the better part of my life trying to figure out how I felt about my family's money. Trying to figure out one poor, spoiled rich girl's place in the larger world.

"Confusion is a normal part of the grieving process," he says. "Christ knows I'm still figuring shit out."

"It's not about my father," I tell him again, getting annoyed. "I know how I feel about that."

"Addi-"

"Please. Please, I don't want to talk about it."

I must sound pretty pathetic because he drops the subject. I'm not here for a therapy session. I just want some time to think. Some time away from all those stupid press people. I don't need any life lessons from self-righteous, hypocritical Ward. Honestly, there's only one thing he can offer me right now that I'd actually want.

I glance over at him. He's looking at me-into me-and I wonder how much of the truth he sees in there. How much of the real Louisa Cunningham. I can tell he doesn't know what to say from here, how to comfort me or convince me to open up to him. But that's okay. I can show him what I need.

I lean forward again and gently brush my lips against the purpled skin beneath his eye. I hear the sharp intake of his breath, but he doesn't move, even when I move to the other eye. I go to his nose next, kissing the place where it was broken.

When I sit back on my heels again, his eyes have darkened. The intensity of his gaze sends alternating waves of heat and ice down my spine. All the nerves in my body seem to have woken at once. But he doesn't move toward me.

"What?" I tease. "Not enough wine tonight?"

He just keeps looking at me. "Are you sure about this?"

"Do I seem unsure?" Right now, it doesn't matter what he thinks my name is. It doesn't matter whether he understands me or not. It doesn't matter why I'm upset or why he hates Carolson or any of the rest of it. I'm exhausted and there are strangers all over my house and he's here, looking perfectly tempting in the moonlight.

He reaches out and touches my cheek. Fire races across my skin.

"You're too good for this," he says softly.

This time I can't refrain from laughing out loud. "We're not having this argument again. I promise, I'm not half as good as you think I am."

"And as I've told you, stealing the occasional bottle of wine isn't exactly a ticket straight to Hell."

"Is that the worst you think I've done?" I ask lightly. "What, should I pick a fight with one of the housekeepers in order to prove myself? Sleep with one of their boyfriends and then throw them through a window?"

It's supposed to be a joke, but I can tell right away that it hits him the wrong way. He pulls back from me and pushes to his feet.

"You should go," he says.

I scramble up beside him. "I didn't mean anything by that."

"It doesn't change anything."

I cross my arms. "I don't get it. Are you mad at me?"

"Of course not. Not at all." He rubs his face. "Listen. You're too good for me, okay?"

"So this some sort of self-punishment thing?"

That hits a little closer to home. Something tender flashes in his eyes before it's replaced by an emotion closer to annoyance.

"Look," he says. "I'm doing you a favor here."

"I get it." I reach down and grab the wine. "You've changed your mind about me. That's fine. But I wish you had the balls to just come out and say it rather than giving me this crap."

"That's not..." He makes an exasperated sound. "Is this what you want? An angry asshole who fights and fucks and will take advantage of some chick who's clearly going through some shit?"

"You're not taking advantage of me," I insist.

"That's not the point. The point is that this is a bad idea. And not just because of..."-He waves his hand-"whatever you've got going on. Because of my shit, too. You're not the only one with problems, you know."

That stings, but mainly because it's the truth.

"I tried to talk to you about Carolson," I say. "But you told me to drop it."

"And you don't want to talk about your father. I get it. You don't know me. And I can't imagine the impression you have of me right now is very good. So just trust me. I'm an asshole."

I scoff. "I think I can decide that for myself."

"Just like you let me decide whether or not you're a terrible person?" He shakes his head. "Let's just stop this now, okay?" Apparently he's not willing to wait for me to go. As soon as the final word leaves his lips, he turns and stalks away.

But I guess I've completely cracked because I can't just leave it at that. I'm angry and it all just bubbles out of me.

"So that's what this is now?" I call after him. "A competition of 'who's the worst'?"

He stops but doesn't turn around.

But I'm not done. "You think you can just call yourself an asshole and that excuses everything. Well, guess what? I'm an asshole, too. I let a sweet, trusting guy believe I had feelings for him because I was afraid to be alone. I'm estranged from my only living relative because I'm too ashamed of the mess I've become to speak to him anymore. I've spent most of my life pretending to be this selfless, generous person when in reality it was all just a show. I don't look at anything or anyone except to figure out how I might use them to make myself feel better." I throw my arms wide. "So there you have it. I'm just a selfish bitch."

He's finally turning back toward me, but I can't bear to look at his face. I don't want to see his reaction to my words. It's too late to stop them. Everything that's been lingering just beneath the surface of my skin these past few days comes rushing forward-the guilt, the pain, the anger.

"It's all a lie," I say. "All of this. Everything I do. It's all a lie. And I'm alone at the center of it. So don't you dare act like you the only one who-"

Suddenly his hand is on my cheek, tilting my face upward, and before I have the chance to say another word, he's kissing me.

Heat explodes through me even as my mind struggles to shift gears. But it doesn't matter. A hot, wild energy pulses in me, and all the anger and pain I was finally expressing rushes toward this new outlet. My fingers clutch at Ward's shirt and my mouth, hungry and eager, falls open beneath his.

For a moment, our lips grapple with each other, and then I wrench my head away.

"Asshole," I breathe into the night air.

Something flashes in his eyes, but I tighten my grip on his shirt and pull him down to me.

"You horrible... despicable... asshole..." I say between my attacks on his mouth.

His hand slides to the back of my head and twists almost painfully in my hair. His lips are just as aggressive, his body responding to the energy of my own.

"You terrible... selfish... bitch," he murmurs against my lips.

His words awaken a strange, mad joy in me. I press against him, and it's not until he groans that I remember his injuries. I jerk back.

"Are you...? I didn't mean to..." My hand flutters toward his nose, but he catches me by the wrist.

"Fuck it," he says.

And then his mouth is on mine again, just as eager as before. His tongue slips between my lips, and a moan escapes my throat. And then we're moving backward until I'm pressed up against the wall of leaves and branches. He tugs at my blouse with his good hand, and I help pull it over my head. I claw at his T-shirt, but with his sling it's too hard to pull it off. We only manage to get his good arm free before he curses and attacks my mouth again. I don't care either way. My hands grab at the exposed part of his chest, my fingers aching to touch every hard muscle. Meanwhile, he makes easy work of my bra, unclasping it with one hand. The straps fall from my shoulders and I toss the garment aside.

His lips move from my mouth to my neck, and every kiss is desperate, ravenous. His teeth catch at the tender skin of my throat as his fingers dig into my bare back. I arch against him, throwing my head back to encourage him along his hungry path. One of my hands clutches at his shoulder and the other buries itself in his hair. My body burns with sensation. Every nip of his teeth or touch of his lips brings my nerves to life in ways I never thought possible.

His mouth moves along my collarbone, and I dig my fingers into his scalp. I'm intoxicated by the smell of him, the feel of him in my arms.

He seems intoxicated by me as well. Just when I think his face is about to dip down to my breast, he tilts his head up and takes my mouth again. He kisses me as if he can't get enough of the taste of me.

"Addis-"

I bite down on his lip. I don't want to hear that name right now.

He doesn't seem to mind my objection. He growls and moves his mouth more forcefully against mine. I dig my fingers into his shoulders. It feels like we're fighting against each other, the way our hands and lips struggle, but we're both ultimately after the same goal.

After a moment, I can't take it anymore, and my hands fall to his belt. If I can't remove his shirt, then I want to see the rest of him. It only takes me a moment to loosen the buckle, and then I'm reaching for his fly.

Ward has a similar goal. Rather than fish for the tiny zipper at the back of my skirt, however, he's tugging the fabric up around my hips. When it's high enough, he slips his hand beneath and hooks a finger around the waistband of my panties.

I've pushed his jeans down his legs at this point. He's wearing boxers underneath, and the thin cotton does little to hide his body's reaction to me. I run my hand over him through the fabric, and he moans. He jerks his hand, yanking my panties down in one motion. And then his fingers are on me-teasing, stroking, exploring. I was already aroused before he touched me, but now I'm dizzy with it. My legs begin to shake and I'm grateful for the hedge at my back.

His boxers move easily at the insistence of my hands. I push them down around his knees, then close my hand around his hard length.

He growls and bites down on my lip. His finger presses deeper between my legs, sliding inside of me.

"Asshole..." I say, the word a moan.

He moves his finger deeper, and I throw my head back against the hedge. My hand tightens around his shaft, and when I've regained motor function, I twist my grip and begin stroking him.

It gives me no small amount of satisfaction to see that his body's responding to me as eagerly as mine's responding to him. He drops his face once more to my neck and his teeth lock around the exposed skin. His finger continues its explorations, and I squirm, trying to handle the sensations coursing through me. My entire body is aching.

But I want more.

I twist, pulling away from him slightly. His glazed eyes follow me, and I grab the T-shirt dangling from his arm and pull him after me. When the back of my legs hit the bench, I gently lower myself down.

He braces himself on his good arm, slowly settling his weight on top of me. He dips his head, kissing me again, and I feel his arousal throb between my legs. I spread my thighs and hook my knees around his hips, pulling him down closer.

His breath is ragged, his mouth even more aggressive than before. I feel like he's going to devour me whole-and there's nothing in this moment that I want more. I cross my ankles above his thighs and raise my hips to meet him.

He groans, but what starts as a sound of hunger and pleasure turns quickly into a sound of frustration. He pushes himself up off of me.

I lie there on the bench, breathless and confused. Why did he stop? I cross my arms across my chest, feeling exposed.

The look on his face, just visible in the moonlight, is still full of desire.

"I don't have a condom," he says. He gives a small, bitter laugh. "I didn't realize I'd need one."

I close my eyes, relief warring with disappointment in my chest. On the one hand, I'm pleased to know that he wasn't having second thoughts about this. On the other, I'm ashamed to admit that protection was the last thing on my mind, that if he hadn't had the presence of mind to pause, I wouldn't have stopped him from doing anything he wanted with me, with or without a condom.

I prop myself up on the bench, one arm still across my chest. "I guess we got a little carried away."

He leans over and lifts my chin.

"There are still plenty of other things we can do," he says, his voice husky. "Lie back down."

I don't question him and lower myself back onto the bench. He kneels, and my legs part at his touch.

I know what he's going to do, and yet it's still a shock when his tongue meets my bare flesh. I suck in a breath as a burst of flame shoots up through my belly, and he takes to his task as hungrily as he took to my lips. My hands fly down to his head, my fingers twining in his hair, and my head tilts back. Above me, the moon and stars shine brightly in the dark sky. I stare at them as the muscles tighten in my core, and the lights dance and twinkle in time with the sensations pulsing through my body. Only when the pleasure finally overtakes me do I shut my eyes. With the pleasure comes the peace, and I give it all up to the sky.

CHAPTER TEN

The next morning, I'm still in a daze.

I'm exhilarated and confused and... I don't know what. Completely addled. Maybe last night was a mistake. Maybe I'm just doing it again-distracting myself with physical sensation when I should be sorting myself out.

But something about this thing with Ward feels different. Crazy, yes, but not crazy in my normal way. Crazy in a my-world's-been-turned-upside-down kind of way. It feels like I've been flipped around and set on my feet in a strange new place.

Maybe it's just some side effect of coming back to the estate. All of my emotions have been on overdrive these past couple of weeks. It's no wonder I should have a strong reaction to my new delicious acquaintance. But the funny thing is, I'm not even sure what that reaction is. I'm not sure whether I want to yell at him some more or spill everything to him or just throw myself into his arms for another round.

And honestly, this morning I don't really feel like questioning it too closely. I'd rather continue to float on this buzz. Every time I close my eyes, I can feel his hands on me, awakening my nerves one by one with his touch. I can feel the warm wetness of his mouth, his lips, his tongue. I feel drunk, and at the same time so alive that I might burst at the seams.

Watch out, Lou. Don't lose your head. The last thing I need right now is to get caught up in some guy. Especially one as intense as Ward. I have other things I need to focus on.

Mr. Haymore's doing a QandA session for our visitors this morning, and instead of dragging me along as usual, he asks me to look over a few last-minute things. It's a small boon from the universe. I have a feeling I'm not going to be very productive today, and I'd rather not have my boss breathing down my neck.

So that's how I end up all by myself in the Welcome Center, with plenty of free time to cause trouble.

They've added some things to this room since the last time I was here. There are a number of new signs and displays, including a life-sized cardboard cutout of what appears to be a butler. They've also added a second rack next to the main desk for brochures, and I wander over, curious how they could have enough to fill them all. I've seen many of these brochures before-the large glossy fold-out map, the one describing all of the spa amenities, the "Self-Guided Garden Tour"-but my eyes fall on the one entitled "History of Huntington Manor." No doubt this is the pocket version of that book they have on the other side of the shop. The one with all the paparazzi photos of my family. I know I shouldn't look any closer, but I can't help myself. I pull it down and flip it open.

As I guessed, it gives a brief overview of the history and construction of the house. There's no way for them to avoid mentioning my family, but thankfully there aren't any pictures of any of us. There is, however, a portrait-style image of the Carolson clan. I stare down at it for a minute, trying to fight down my disgust at their plastic smiles and resisting the urge to tear the whole lot of them off the wall.

But I can't risk doing something so obvious. Instead, I find myself reaching into my pocket for my pen.

It only takes a minute to deface the picture in my hand. It's a small task, even pettier than stealing the wine, but I don't care. I give every member of the Carolson family a curly handlebar mustache, and I black out a couple of Edward Carolson's teeth as well. It's very satisfying work, so much so that when I'm done with the first brochure, I pull the rest down off the wall and start to go through them one by one.

In the second brochure, I make all of them pirates (complete with eye patches and parrots, of course). In the following photo, I give all of them racy tattoos. I make them into clowns and cowboys and mutants. I give them bulbous noses and giant ears and fish lips. By the time I'm halfway through the stack, I've gone through all my usual doodles, but I don't stop. It's childish, maybe, and more than a little bit dumb, but I can't help myself. I'll take any small victory against Carolson and Huntington Manor. It makes it even better to imagine some unsuspecting tourist stumbling across one of my fine pieces of art.

I'm so occupied with my work that I don't hear anyone enter the room. Suddenly there's the sound of a step behind me, and I jump, dropping the whole stack of brochures at my feet.

Crap.

I instantly fall to my knees, scrambling to gather them before my petty revenge is revealed, but it's too late. I've been caught.

Fortunately, it was by the only person in this entire place who couldn't care less about the fact that I've just defaced a bunch of pictures of Huntington Manor's owner. Ward kneels down in front of me, that disarming grin of his on his face.

"Geez!" I say. "You scared the crap out of me."

He laughs and grabs one of the brochures off the ground-the one where I gave the entire family elephant trunks. His eyebrows shoot up in surprise when he sees my work. And then he looks up at me and barks out a laugh.

"Seriously?" he says. "Elephants?"

"What? I thought it was clever." I snatch the brochure out of his hand and fold it up again. "What are you doing up here anyway?"

"It's my lunch break and I thought I'd come find you," he says. "It only took me twenty minutes. I was afraid you were trapped with Haymore somewhere."

I laugh. "No, thank God."

He's sifting through the brochures on the ground, studying my handiwork.

"So you don't just stop at stealing wine," he says, clearly amused. "You're also into vandalism."

"Drawing on a brochure is hardly vandalism."

He picks up another one. "It is when you draw dicks all over a photograph of the people who own this place."

I open my mouth to protest, but he reaches out and touches my cheek.

"Actually," he says, "I think rebelliousness is sexy."

"Do you now?"

"Very."

He's looking at me in a way that brings back all of those sensations from last night. I don't think it's exactly a good idea to jump him here in the Welcome Center, so I quickly look down and grab another brochure.

"What do you think of this one?" I ask.

Ward's eyes crinkle as he looks down at my drawing. "What are those supposed to be? Antlers?"

I snatch it back away from him. "I was running out of ideas. So sue me. You're just jealous you didn't think of it first."

He laughs. "Jealous?"

I hold the pen out to him. "Come on. You know you want to do one."

He resists for about ten seconds. Then he snatches the pen out of my hand and grabs one of the brochures I haven't defaced yet.

"Don't get your hopes up, though," I say, gathering the rest of the brochures. "You're never going to top my moose Carolsons."

"Moose people are amateur," he replies without looking up.

I grin. For a moment, I just watch him work. His head's bent over the brochure, his mop of red-brown hair on full display. I want to reach out and run my fingers through it.

But I don't. In my opinion-whatever that's worth-he needs to do this. He needs to feel a little of that sick satisfaction I experienced when I gave Carolson a third arm and a huge head of curly hair. Channel some of his anger into something crazy but relatively harmless.

Finally, he grins and holds out his work. I grab the brochure eagerly.

He's given everyone in the family devil horns. Carolson himself also got a forked tongue and spiny tail.

"What's this on the end of the pitchfork?" I ask.

"A human heart."

I laugh. "Gross."

"And look at the bottom," he says. "He's stepping on a couple of puppies. And that's a wad of hundred dollar bills in the fire."

"Ah, I get it. He's burning money."

"Clever, huh?"

"Genius." I smile, but there's a knot in my stomach as I look at the drawing.

I glance back up at Ward. I know I should keep my mouth shut, but after the things that happened between us last night, I need to know something.

"You know that not all rich people are like him, right?" I say.

He raises a single eyebrow and gives a short laugh.

"Maybe not quite his level of evil," he admits, "but money doesn't exactly breed compassion."

I know I should shut up, that this isn't the time for this conversation, but I can't help myself. "Sometimes it does."

He looks at me like I've just told him the world is flat.

"Name one rich person who's also what the general public would consider a good person," he says.

There was a time when people seemed to think that I was a good person. That every time my name was printed in a magazine or on a website, they'd mention my work with Cunningham Cares International. But that just proves his point, doesn't it? I was never a good person. I was a fraud, a girl who smiled sweetly and humbly for the cameras like some saint but broke down the minute all the trappings of her privileged life were torn away from her.

But not everyone's like me. And I need to know the blunt truth about how Ward sees my family.

"Wentworth Cunningham did a ton of philanthropy," I say carefully. "He worked with a dozen charities and made sizable donations regularly to medical research centers and museums."

Ward wrinkles his nose. "Has Haymore been brainwashing you or something? You sound like a PR person."

"I'm just... just stating the facts." Pull it together, Lou. "Wentworth Cunningham spent a lot of money on admirable causes."

"Throwing some change at a good cause doesn't make you a good person. It might make you feel a little better about yourself for a while, but that's it. How many of these 'philanthropists' are actually out there, getting their hands dirty? And half of them wouldn't even bother with the donations if the general public didn't expect it of them."

It doesn't matter that I've thought the same thing over and over again-that I've accused myself of the very same things. Hearing someone else confirm it-hearing Ward confirm it-makes me feel like I've been punched.

"What about his daughter?" I say before I can stop myself.

"Whose daughter?"

"Cunningham's." I stand, brochures in hand. "What about Louisa Cunningham?" I shove the brochures back onto the rack. I'm afraid to hear his answer, but I have to know.

But the universe has other plans. Just as he's opening his mouth to respond, my phone goes off.

I sigh and reach down into my pocket. I swear, if Mr. Haymore is calling me, I might quit right now.

But it's worse. It's Ian.

The bottom drops out of my stomach. It's been several days since I left him that message. Why is he calling me now?

"What's wrong?" Ward asks.

I shake my head, not knowing how to answer. I also don't know what to do-answer it and deal with the way I ended things? Or ignore it and enforce this whole cutoff thing? I'm not sure which one is the stronger path.

"Addison?"

I look up at Ward. There's concern in his azure eyes. What am I supposed to say here?

"I... probably should deal with this," I tell him.

He nods, but he doesn't look satisfied by that answer. "I should probably be getting back to work anyway."

I wait until Ward's gone before answering.

"Hey," I say nervously.

There's a long silence on the other end, and for a minute I'm afraid I've missed the call. But then I hear the slow release of Ian's breath.

"That's it, then?" he says finally. "After everything, you're going to break up with me in a message?"

My heart seizes. He's right, of course-it was a crappy thing to do. At the time, I told myself I was being responsible, refusing to drag it out any longer than I already had. But that was just another opportunity to take the easy way out, wasn't it?

"Ian, I-"

"I don't want to hear it." Another exhale, barely controlled. "I waited a few days, thinking you might come to your senses. Thinking you might at least have the decency to come talk to me in person." He makes a short, bitter sound of disbelief. "What happened to you, Lou? When did you become the kind of person who just blows people off like garbage?"

The truth is, I don't know. Maybe I've always been this way.

"I'm so sorry, Ian," I say.

"No. An apology isn't going to cut it this time." I've never heard him sound this angry, not even back in Chiang Mai. "Look, I don't care if you want to be with me or not. But fuck me if I'm going to let you treat me like some fucking puppy you can just lead around by the nose."

As he's already mentioned, nothing I say is going to cut it. Nothing is going to erase the way I've treated him.

"I'm trying to be better," I whisper finally. "I'm trying, I promise I am."

"By what? Playing house at your old estate? By breaking the law and lying to everyone? That part of your life is over, Lou. You have to grow up and face that."

I squeeze my eyes shut. I don't want to listen to one of his lectures. I can't take this right now.

He must realize how harsh he sounds, though, because when he speaks again, I can tell he's trying to be calmer, even if he can't quite manage it.

"You need to get away from that place," he says. "Go back to your brother's for a while. Or stay with some friends. It doesn't matter where you go."

I shake my head, even though I know he can't see me. "I need to be here."

"Why, Lou? Why the hell do you need to be there?"

He's asked me that question before. And I've asked it of myself a hundred times. Sometimes I think the answer changes day by day.

"I'm tired of running," I tell him. "I'm tired of being a coward. I want to do the brave thing."

"Even if it's the wrong thing?"

I close my eyes. "It's not the wrong thing for me."

"Fuck, Lou, this is insane. This is illegal. You're lying. I don't know what you think you're going to accomplish there or what you think they're going to do when they find out who you are, but it's not going to end well."

I shake my head again. "What's the alternative? That I spend my life running?"

"This isn't about running. This is about learning to let things go. To be an adult for once and take responsibility for yourself and your actions."

What does he know about letting go? What does he know about having your entire life torn out from under you?

"I'm sorry, Ian," I say.

"Lou, I-"

"I'm sorry," I say again because there's nothing else left to say.

"Don't shut me out," he says, and I can tell he's getting worked up again. "You're better than this, Lou."

Am I, though? I already know I'm a mess right now. I don't need to hear it from Ian's lips. Not again.

"Goodbye, Ian."

"Lou-"

"Goodbye."

And then I hang up on him. For the last time.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

I lean against the wall for a long time after we hang up.

I deserved that. I deserved every word he said. And I know I'm going to be carrying around the shame of this for a long time.

I close my eyes and try to find the emptiness deep inside of me. I know it's buried in there somewhere. The hard part is over, and now I just want to drown in numbness for a while.

But it's not enough.

I don't stop to think about what I'm doing. I shove my phone in my pocket and head down to the eastern wing of the house.

Ward's exactly where he said he'd be. There are a couple of other contractors down here, too, all helping with the moldings, but I don't give them a second glance.

Ward looks up as I draw closer, and his face brightens. I answer with a very wicked expression of my own, then continue past without a word. I wouldn't want any of the other workers to hear.

He gets the hint.

I continue down the hall, and I don't even have to glance over my shoulder to know that Ward is following at a respectable distance behind me. My chest warms and goose bumps prickle across my scalp. I can feel his heated gaze on my back, and it makes me shiver in anticipation.

I consider leading him back to my room, but that's much too far away right now. Instead, I turn down one of the quieter halls.

As soon as we're out of sight of the other workers, Ward grabs my hand from behind.

"This way," he says, his voice low and husky.

I let him lead me. He takes me down the hall and up the small staircase at the end. We duck inside the first bedroom we see, and though I reach for him, impatient, he shakes his head.

"Not yet." He leads me to the far wall, right next to the large stone fireplace, and I realize with a tightening in my stomach exactly what he's doing.

It only takes him a moment to find the stone that serves as the latch to the hidden door. He presses against the wall, and the secret hallway opens up in front of us.

I guess that answers my question about whether anyone knew these passages existed.

There's an amused look on his face. "Pretty awesome, huh? Remember what I said about this place having a bunch of secrets?"

I nod, trying to make sense of how I feel about this sudden reveal. "Though I guess they aren't so 'secret' anymore."

"They're secret enough." He pulls me into the dark hallway. "The only reason I found them was because I was repairing a bookcase in one of the upstairs studies and I accidentally hit the spring that opens the door. These passages didn't even make it on to the blueprints for this place, believe it or not. I can only imagine the trouble those Cunninghams were getting up to."

I flinch at the mention of my family's name. I don't want to know what Ward thinks my family was up to. I don't want to talk about my family at all right now.

"What is it?" he says. He pulls the hidden door shut behind us, closing us off to the rest of the world and plunging us into darkness.

"Nothing," I say quickly. I don't want to be having this conversation right now. I want something else.

Before he can ask me again, I grab him by the front of the shirt and pull his mouth down to mine. He warms quickly to the kiss.

And then he's leading me, backing me up against the passage wall. I clasp my hands behind his neck and try to draw him closer-as close as his sling will allow-though we're pressed so tightly against each other now that there's nothing left to do but melt into each other.

He's just as ravenous as he was last night, and my body reacts with the same fire it did before. I'm startled by the sense of relief that floods through me at that realization; I guess a part of me was afraid that it was just the moon and the wine and the anger that made us behave like wild animals last time. That we were both reacting to some crazy thing deep within ourselves, and not responding to each other.

Now I know. My lips burn. My skin feels alive. This isn't in my mind. This is Ward-his mouth, his hands, his hard body smashed against my own. The wall of the passage is at my back, cold and hard and unforgiving, but it's the solid man in front of me that has the true power. My body feels like it might turn to mush, dissolve into a million tiny bits of sensation. Let him tear me apart. Let him hold me together.

He tugs the bottom edge of my blouse out of my skirt and slides his good hand beneath the fabric and up over my belly. His fingers slip beneath the cup of my bra, gliding over the curve of my breast. I moan against his mouth, and he sucks my bottom lip between his teeth. I drop my hands to his waist and sneak them beneath the hem of his T-shirt. My hands move over his back, my nails trailing lightly across his skin, and I feel his muscles tremor beneath my touch.

His knee presses between my legs, and my core throbs in response. My nipples are hard points, and he tugs at one with his thumb and forefinger. At the same time, his face moves to my ear, and a shiver moves through me as he closes his lips around my earlobe.

"Please say you have a condom," I whisper into the darkness.

He gives a low laugh, his breath washing over my ear. "I don't know what you think I've been doing in the ten hours since the last time we were in this situation, but I haven't had a chance to get to the store yet."

I groan. "Tease. You shouldn't be touching me like this if you aren't prepared."

He laughs again, and it's a deep, throaty sound. "You started it."

He captures my mouth again, and I can't do anything but obey the command of his lips. He continues to push my thighs apart with his knee, spreading them as far as my skirt will let them go. I move my hands from his back down to his butt, pulling him harder against me.

He smells of sweat and grass. It's more intoxicating than I could have imagined. My mind is becoming fuzzier by the minute, and I'm wondering if that buzz I felt last night had anything to do with the wine at all. I feel just as drunk right now.

I reach for his belt. He moans and pulls back slightly, letting me loosen the buckle, but the minute I have it open, he reaches down and grabs my hand.

"We shouldn't get carried away," he says.

"Do you really want to stop?"

His hand loosens, and I reach for his fly. He doesn't argue when I slide his jeans down. In fact, he's already sliding my skirt up.

"You're dangerous," he says against my mouth.

"I'm a crazy bitch, remember?"

"You might be crazy," he murmurs, "but I don't believe you're a bitch."

Maybe bitch isn't the right word. Maybe I should say train wreck. Or coward. Or even narcissist. But I don't have the presence of mind to argue with him right now. He doesn't seem to be up for much of a discussion either. His fingers slide against my underwear, and I spread my thighs. I want him inside of me.

He's still wearing his boxers, but I intend to fix that. But as I reach for his underwear, he grabs my hand again.

"Are you on birth control?" he asks.

His grip on my hand is firm, and I know I can't just press against him and change his mind this time. For the briefest of moments, I consider lying, but in spite of the screaming urges of my body, I'm not the kind of girl who'd ever trick a guy that way.

"No," I whisper.

He lets out a long breath and drops my hand. Still he stands over me, keeping me pinned against the wall, and I can feel the tension in every muscle of his body. He wants this as badly as I do, fights against the same overwhelming urges. His pelvis is locked against mine, and I can feel the throbbing length of his arousal against me, separated only by our respective undergarments. Just two thin layers of cotton.

He groans, dropping his head over my shoulder. His nose buries itself in my hair while his lips brush lightly against my neck. I wrap my arms around his back, over the shirt this time. I don't trust myself to touch his bare skin and be able to control myself.

"You aren't making this very easy," I say, my voice shaky.

He chuckles, and I can feel the vibrations of the sound in my own body. His injured arm is still pressed awkwardly between us, but above that, where our chests touch, I can feel the rapid pulse of his heart.

"You aren't making this easy, either," he says into my hair. He kisses my neck again, and this time he moves his hips slightly, shifting himself between my legs.

I try to stifle my small cry of pleasure, but it's no use. My fingers curl against his back, bunching up his T-shirt.

"Slide your legs together," he murmurs.

I'm torn between relief and disappointment, thinking he's asking me to help relieve a bit of the temptation. But as I slide my thighs back toward each other, I realize that it's only wedging his arousal more tightly against me. We each suck in a breath at the same time.

"Are you trying to torture me?" I growl into his ear.

His good hand grips my hip. "If I'm going to suffer, then you are, too."

He shifts his hips again, withdrawing slightly. I want to cry out, to beg him to stay where he was, but I don't even need to voice my need. He presses forward, sliding himself back between my legs again. Once more the hard, hot length of him rubs against my panties.

Forget what I said before. This is torture. Sweet, beautiful, agonizing torture.

He moves again, pulling back and sliding forward, simulating what we both want. Every rock of his hips sends a pulse of pleasure through me, and I press my lips together, fighting back my moans. He braces himself against me, moving with a steady rhythm, and every stroke of his body brings me closer to the edge. My underwear is soaked through, the thin fabric so damp that I can feel the heat of him as if there's nothing separating us at all. I clutch his shoulders, trying to keep myself above water.

He seems just as desperate. His breathing is ragged in my ear, and his good hand digs into my hip. He's sweating again, and a bead of it drips from his neck onto my collarbone. My skin is so hot that the drop feels like ice as it slides down my body.

I've never had sex without, well, having sex. It's not the same, and at the same time there's something undeniably exhilarating about this. About finding pleasure in our desperation. My body is tightening, building toward release, and I throw my head back against the wall. Ward growls and quickens his pace. His mouth moves along my neck, sucking and kissing until all of the sensations in my body flow together and pleasure crashes through me.

He pulls back before his own peak, and in spite of my disappointment, I'm grateful he has the presence of mind to take the extra precaution. I don't need any more complications right now.

His support gone, I allow myself to sink down the wall and sit on the hard ground of the passage. Ward carefully removes his damp boxers and tugs on his jeans again before lowering himself beside me.

"Wow," he says.

I smile. "Wow is right." My heart is still beating a thousand times a minute, and my limbs feel light and tingly. "I need some time to recover from that."

He laughs. "I hope you weren't working on anything important this morning."

"Everything is important to Mr. Haymore," I say.

"Well," Ward says, pulling me up against his side, "he's just going to have to let a few things go today."

Let a few things go. Ward's words bring up my conversation with Ian: This isn't about running. This is about learning to let things go. All at once, the shame, the confusion rushes back into my gut, and I turn and bury my face in the crook between Ward's head and shoulder. He tightens his arm around me and gives a laugh.

"What, we don't even have sex and we're still required to cuddle?"

I shove away from him and start to get to my feet. "Fine. If you don't want to-"

"Wait." He grabs my hand and tugs me back, still laughing. "I was just joking. Come here."

He pulls me against his chest, and I sink into him. His good arm circles my back, holding me close, while his fingers toy with the ends of my hair. I press my face into his shoulder, still shaking, but not just because of our almost-sex anymore. After a moment, Ward seems to realize it, too. His hand slides up to the back of my head, gently stroking my hair.

"What is it?" he asks softly.

Where do I begin? It's everything.

"I just don't want to go back out there," I say after a moment. I'm not completely deluded. I might find a temporary reprieve here and there, but my problems aren't just going to disappear. Moments of joy or pleasure aren't going to bring back my father, my home, my financial security. They aren't going to suddenly point me down the path to self-actualization. They aren't going to erase what I did to Ian.

"No one wants to be out there," Ward says gently. It's a wiser, truer thing than I expected to hear. I let my hand drift across his T-shirt. The fabric is damp with sweat.

For a moment, I consider telling him everything. About my family. About my time in Thailand. About my crazy reasons for coming back here and pretending to be someone else. I might have lied about my name, but everything else I've said to him has been true.

But I hardly know this guy. I only met him a couple of weeks ago. Until last night, neither of us had shown the other anything past the most surface-level of emotions. For all I know, I'm nothing more than another passing fling for him. And that's okay. It's better this way, actually, focusing on the pleasure and forgetting about the feelings. The last thing I want is to create another situation like the one with Ian. I need a healthy outlet for my frustration and confusion while I sort through my emotions on my own.

I lift my lips to his ear. "When do you think you can get to the store?"

I know from the sudden quickening of his breath that he knows exactly what I'm asking.

"I'm heading into Barberville this afternoon for some supplies," he says. "I should be able to run a personal errand."

"Tonight, then?"

He gives a low laugh and his grip tightens. "The maze?"

I smile. "Where else?"

* * *

Unfortunately, even the promise of some breathless release this evening doesn't erase the fact that my house is crawling with people. It was hard enough dealing with the idea when it was just the staff. Now there are people everywhere. Snapping photos. Taking notes about every little thing. Peeking in every corner, trying to absorb all of this place's secrets. For generations my family kept this place to ourselves-it was our home, after all. Not something to be gawked at. Now that need for privacy has backfired. Awakened a curiosity.

This is only the beginning, I know. We're only talking about a handful of press members here. What happens during the grand opening next week when the paying guests arrive? Or when all the articles and blurbs these journalists are so thoroughly researching go to press? This place is already booked for months. It will be a madhouse. Every bit the theme park I feared.

I don't like interacting with the visitors. But Mr. Haymore is insisting that we attend to their every need. He gives me a stack of brochures and information packets to carry with me at all times in case someone comes to me with questions. For the rest of the afternoon, the journalists have been given the freedom to explore our many amenities.

He has me running back and forth to every section of the house, from the spa (to make sure we're well stocked with towels and that the attendants have things under control) to the crafts cottages (to make sure the demonstrations are going well) to the rooftop pool (again, towels). I wish it were safe to sneak out to the tasting room and swipe some more wine, but even I'm not dumb enough to chance it in broad daylight with all these people around. Instead, when I'm up at the pool, I decide to take matters into my own hands. They've kept most of the large outdoor entertainment area my family built up here, but they've expanded it to include a full bar. Currently, it's staffed by a clean-cut young man with perfectly styled hair and a white polo.

I lean across the marble counter and give him my Louisa Cunningham smile. "Any chance you can spare a shot for Mr. Haymore's poor slave?"

He smiles. "Rough day?"

"A little crazy. You know."

He nods, still smiling. Mr. Haymore's made sure that every employee here knows exactly how extremely important this week is for Huntington Manor. This is their chance to make a stunning first impression to the people who could make or break this place. No doubt most staff members are feeling the pressure.

The man behind the bar ("Greg," according to his shiny brass name tag) pours me a shot of tequila without question. I don't even bother waiting for the lime. I swallow it down and slide the shot glass back to him.

When I turn around, I find that I have an audience. Asher, the reporter who almost recognized me when he checked in, is watching me. When he catches my eye, he raises his beer toward me and beckons me over.

Crap. The last thing I wanted to do was draw any extra attention from this guy. But running away will just make me look suspicious. I'll just have to tell him I'm very busy.

I take a deep breath and walk over to his table. "Anything I can help you with, sir?"

He laughs. "Please, you don't have to be so formal. I'm not used to being waited on hand and foot. And frankly, I'm not sure I like it." His tone is friendly, disarming, but I'm not about to let my guard down.

"Then... did you need me for something?" I ask.

"I just wanted to chat for a minute," he says cheerfully. "Please, sit down, Ms. ..." -His eyes flick down to my name tag- "Ms. Thomas."

"I wish I could." I give him another smile. "But I'm afraid I have to-"

"This will only take a minute, I promise." He's still grinning, still friendly. I can't tell if there's any hint of a threat in his words-his expression hides it too well. I want to run, but that would be the cowardly thing to do.

I take the seat he offers. He has his laptop in front of him, but he slides it out of the way.

"The latest model," he says, nodding at the computer proudly. "Cost me two whole paychecks. But God, if it isn't massive. I swear, this thing weighs more than my Border Collie."

I give a little laugh, even though my heart is racing.

"What did you want to chat about?" I ask. I'd rather get right to the point than drag this out.

He takes a sip of his beer. "Not any one thing in particular. Just wanted to know how you find this place."

Find this place? My stomach clenches. Is this an underhanded way of asking what Louisa Cunningham thinks of the changes they've made to her home?

"I'm not sure what you mean," I say carefully.

"I just thought that someone in your position might have certain insights."

Oh, God.

"My position?" I keep my voice light. I'm not going to let him get away with his little games. If he wants confirmation about who I am, he's going to have to say it outright.

And even then, I'm going to lie, but still. I'm not falling for this guy's tricks. I know reporters better than that.

I must be doing a halfway decent job of keeping my nerves to myself, though, because Asher's expression doesn't change at all.

"Your position," he repeats, gesturing at my name tag. "As assistant to the General Manager."

Oh-is that what he meant?

"Of course the people in charge of the show are going to paint the perfect little picture. But the people on the ground floor"-He points to my name tag again-"are the ones with the real story. The ones with the true insight. Know what I mean?"

I get it now-he thinks he can get some dirt from the grunt workers. I'm not sure whether to be relieved or a little disgusted by him right now.

But then it hits me-isn't this the opportunity I've been waiting for? Stealing wine and doodling on brochures is petty stuff. Satisfying, yes, but ultimately not very effective in bringing down a place like this. But planting some seeds about this place, starting a nasty rumor here or there...

Geez, I am evil, aren't I? I can't believe I'm even considering this.

"Your identity would be protected, of course," he says.

My eyes shoot up to him. Is that a threat?

He smiles. "I never reveal my sources, I promise."

I study his face. He still looks completely relaxed, as if this were just an ordinary request for him. He's good. I still don't trust him.

"Tell me," I say. "What makes you think I have any good dirt for you? What makes you think there's any good dirt at all?"

He takes another drink of his beer. "There's always something, Ms. Thomas, especially in a place this size. And especially with a name like Edward Carolson attached. The hardest part is figuring out who to ask." He smiles again. "Did I guess right, Ms. Thomas?"

I consider my next question carefully. "What sort of information are you looking for?"

His eyes flash-he thinks he's gained the upper hand.

Slow down there, pretty boy. You don't know who you're messing with. At least now I know he's capable of betraying some emotion. He hasn't perfected that politician's mask like Carolson.

"I'm not picky," he says. "I'm willing to hear anything you have to tell me. Anything you think people should know about Huntington Manor."

I consider this. There are so many possibilities here-reports of rats in the kitchen. Mold in the walls. I could suggest that they rushed some of the construction or failed fire code four times before passing. Just little things here and there that might undermine the general public's opinion about the place. Get the rumor mills turning in a completely different direction.

Or if I were feeling especially wicked, a well-placed attack on Carolson could do some real damage.

I want to. Oh, God, I want to. It would feel so good, to bring this place down. But I'm supposed to be becoming a better person, not falling backwards into Hell.

Asher picks up on my hesitation.

"Think about it," he says, pulling his fancy computer back in front of him. "I can probably get you some compensation, if the information's particularly good."

Good. Ha. He means juicy. Or sensational. The sort of information that would sell thousands of copies of Look! Magazine.

"I will," I tell him, standing.

He's already typing on his laptop again, but he lifts his head as I turn to go. "Oh, and Ms. Thomas?"

"Yes?"

He smiles. "I think I liked you better as a brunette."

CHAPTER TWELVE

He knows. Holy crap, he knows.

It's the only thing I can think about for the rest of the day. Asher knows the truth about my identity. And Asher isn't just anyone-he's a reporter. Someone who could take this public in an instant and make tons of money for it.

So why hasn't he? If he wants dirt, then why doesn't he just break that story? "Crazy Ex-Heiress Takes Menial Job at Former Mansion"-it's sure to be a hit.

Does he think there's a bigger story here at Huntington Manor? Is this just some sly attempt at blackmail to get me to do his dirty work for him? Or does he think there's more to my story? He must know that I'm not going to spill the whole thing to him just because he's recognized me. Maybe he's hoping to make me nervous, make me crack-and be here to catch every moment of it live.

What the heck am I supposed to do?

He wants me to feed him some information. I could do that. I could tell him whatever he wants to hear, and maybe it will be enough to keep him off my back. Or maybe it won't.

Or I could leave. Walk up to my room, pack up my things, and walk right out the door. No one would know where I'd gone. Mr. Haymore might implode, of course, but I hear people can get over that sort of thing. And Ward...

I'm supposed to meet Ward tonight. In the maze. To... My whole body flushes just thinking about it. I can't just leave him waiting for me, can I? I don't want to leave him waiting. I want to show him exactly how he makes me feel, exactly what he does to my body.

Besides, leaving Huntington Manor would be running away. And I promised myself that I was done with running away, didn't I?

Asher made no indication that I had to make my decision immediately. He knows he has to be patient. That means I don't have to make any rash choices.

I spend the rest of the afternoon doing research on my new little reporter friend on the computer. Apparently Asher used to work for Intown Voice, a small local publication, but his career exploded several months ago. Now he freelances for several heavy-hitting sites and magazines, including Look! Magazine, the one he's representing this week.

It only takes me a quick search to find the article that catapulted him to bigger things, and surprise, surprise-it's about my brother. My brother and his fiancee, to be more accurate. Apparently this shmuck invented a story about Calder paying off Lily with some painting to keep the secret of my family's financial issues. It's complete crap. I've seen my brother and Lily together, and even though I was more than a little distracted that night, it was pretty obvious they're good for each other. And it's pretty obvious from my brother's emails that he's head-over-heels in love with her.

To torture myself, I pull up my email. My brother sent me a new message only yesterday, and I open it up and read it. It's the usual sort of message-giving me a brief overview of his work and life. Apparently he's up for some big project at his office. And he and Lily are planning a road trip to the beach in two weeks.

I always feel a strange mix of emotions when I read his emails. Part of me-the good part, the part usually hiding away somewhere-is excited and happy to see how well he's doing.

The darker side of me, however, isn't so kind. His emails serve as a reminder that I made the wrong choices, took the wrong path toward healing-if you can call this healing at all. I'm lost. I don't know where I am in my life or what I want. And I have no one who understands.

Except Ward, I think suddenly. Strange as it is, there's something, some sliver of understanding between us, though I'm afraid to study it too closely in case it falls apart. He's known pain and loss and anger, just as I have. He's still healing, too. He might be the only person who knows what I'm going through.

But he doesn't even know who you are, the other part of my brain reminds me. He doesn't even know your real name. And what happens if he finds out? Only this morning, he said such horrible things about people like me...

What will he think, when he learns the truth? When he discovers that I'm Louisa Cunningham, former "rich fuck," hypocritical philanthropist?

The truth is, I don't know, and I'm deathly afraid finding out.

* * *

That night, I steal a bottle of Horseshoe Hollow, a chardonnay valued at $864 and hailing all the way from Montana. It's a little trickier than usual, sneaking past the security guards-there are more of them, now that Huntington Manor has actual visitors-but their routes are easy enough to predict. I tuck the bottle under my arm and make my way out to the maze. I only have to dodge behind a bush once to escape a guard's roaming flashlight beam.

Ward is already in our usual spot when I arrive. He's up as soon as he sees me, grabbing me so enthusiastically that I almost drop the wine as he pulls me into a kiss. By the time we part, I'm dizzy. This is how it's supposed to feel, isn't it? This is how two bodies were meant to react to each other. I tell myself that it's only my mind playing tricks on me, that I'm only looking for an excuse to keep losing myself in someone else. After all, everyone knows how misleading those giddy feelings can be in the early stages of things-whatever those things might become.

It was never like this with Ian, a little voice reminds me. Even at the beginning.

I haven't forgotten about my call with Ian this morning, though God knows there's been plenty to distract me since then. I can never forget. I need to remember that I can't go around using people and expect to get off scot-free.

And what about this thing with Ward? Am I using him, too?

I look up at his face, so open and welcoming beneath the starlight. His black eye's looking a little better tonight. And the corner of his mouth's turned up in that rakish way.

My heart flutters. What is this thing between us? I mean, I'm not an idiot. It's not like Ward is taking me out to fancy dinners or telling me I'm beautiful or anything like that. Heck, it wasn't two weeks ago that he was in a fight over some other chick.

I know enough about men to spot when one thinks you're girlfriend material versus just wanting to get into your pants. Ward wants sex, and he knows I want it, too. If he's not emotionally involved, then I have no reason to worry about falling into another situation like the one with Ian.

But if I'm emotionally involved... Well, I deserve it if I end up hurt.

Ward kisses me once more.

"Don't worry," he murmurs against my lips. "I'm prepared this time."

I smile. "Good. I thought I might have to throttle you."

"It's only been a day! Give a guy a break."

"I'm not very patient."

"Me either." He pulls me close again, and this time he takes his sweet time exploring my mouth with his tongue. My head starts to buzz, and it's all I can do to remember to hold on to the wine.

"I've brought a little refreshment," I tell him breathlessly. I disentangle myself just enough to raise the bottle. "Huntington Manor's finest chardonnay."

He grins. "How much more of this crap are you going to make me drink?"

"If you don't want any, then I guess I'm getting tipsy all by myself." This time I even remembered to swipe one of the corkscrews, so I don't have to decimate the cork trying to get it open.

"Oh, no you don't," Ward says. "If you're drinking, I'm drinking."

"Glad we could come to an agreement." I smile up at him as I open the bottle. The summer sky is as clear and bright as it was last night, so I see the glimmer of good humor in his eyes. There's heat there, too, as fiery and bright as the feeling deep inside of me, and I keep my gaze locked on his as I take a swig from the bottle.

The wine is disgusting, of course. It's so dry that I swear it scratches my throat on the way down.

Ward laughs. "That good, huh?"

"Your turn." I pass him the bottle.

He takes a deep breath before giving it a try. When the wine hits his tongue, his eyes nearly bug out of his head. He makes a big show of swallowing.

"This is the worst one yet," he says. "Did they strain this through a garbage bag?"

"Just remember that every sip you take is a dollar out of Carolson's pocket." Only a drop in the bucket, sure, but it's still plenty satisfying.

Ward nods, and his next gulp is longer. I take the opportunity to look at him, really look at him.

Is it just wishful thinking, these emotions moving inside of me? Is it just longing for that thing that Calder has with his fiancee? Something to help me through this mess inside my head?

I had that chance with Ian-Ian, who I knew loved me. What's different? Have I changed? Become more sentimental? More desperate? Or is it Ward? Is it enough that he's different? That he's not putting pressure on me to feel something or to heal in a certain way?

"Hey," I say suddenly. "What do you think about a little change in scenery?" I reach out and take the wine bottle from his hand.

His eyebrow lifts. "What did you have in mind?"

"You'll see." I take his free hand in mine. He's still wearing his sling-we'll have to take care of that. I turn and lead him down the path, deeper into the maze.

"Do you know where you're going?" he asks after a moment.

I realize that my steps are a little too deliberate, that I'm making it a little too obvious that I'm familiar with this place. But I don't care.

"Afraid we're going to get lost?"

He stops and drags me back into his arms. His lips brush against my neck and his hand slips beneath my shirt, skimming across the bare skin of my stomach.

"I could think of worse things," he murmurs into my ear.

Deeper and deeper we go, moving between the high, dark hedge walls until the path opens up ahead of us into a small clearing with a large, trickling fountain in the middle. We've reached the very center of the maze.

I glance up at Ward. I can't tell from his expression whether he's been to this part of the maze before, but considering he knew about my secret spot and the hidden passageways in the house, I wouldn't be surprised if he knew some of the estate's other secrets, too.

I release his hand and step forward into the clearing. When I reach the fountain, I sit down on the wide stone lip of the pool. Ward is still standing at the entrance to the clearing, watching me. His expression is suddenly thoughtful.

"Don't you want some of this ridiculously expensive wine?" I say, raising the bottle.

He gives a little half-smile, but that's not enough for me. With my free hand, I undo the buttons of my blouse one by one. When my shirt's open, I lean back slightly and hold the bottle over my chest. I tip the wine, letting a bit of the cool liquid drip down over my chest. It hits me just below the collarbone and dribbles down the skin between my breasts.

Ward isn't playing any games. He's by my side in an instant, and he drops to his knees and catches me by the waist.

"Thirsty?" I tease.

He responds by lowering his face to my chest. The first flick of his warm tongue sends a tremor through me, and I set the wine bottle on the ground so I can raise both hands to his thick hair. He moves slowly, kissing and licking his way down between my breasts, sucking up every bit of wine from my skin. When he gets to my bra, he hooks a finger beneath it and tugs the band lower. His tongue flicks against the side of one of my breasts, then the other.

"Does it taste better this time?" I ask breathlessly.

He chuckles against my skin. "The best wine I've ever tasted. In fact, I think I'd like a little more."

He grabs the bottle and tilts it over my body, sending another thin stream of liquid down my chest. The wine is silvery in the moonlight, and my skin, still slightly tanned from my time in Thailand, looks frosty gold. Ward is like something out of a myth-but not one of the coldly perfect gods. No, he's one of the rugged, warm-blooded humans that tempts the stone-hearted goddesses down from the mountain. The hero that slays some three-headed beast before taking his woman on her back in the grass and dirt.

He slowly works his way down my stomach, cleaning up the trail of wine he left on my skin. I grow more ticklish as he moves lower, even laughing out loud when his tongue skirts the top of my belly button. He responds by trying to pour more wine down my stomach, but I grab the bottle before another drop can hit my skin.

"My turn." I push him back slightly. "Out of your shirt."

He still has the sling, but this time we're not in a rush. He removes it slowly, then pulls off his shirt. His bare chest gleams in the moonlight.

For the first time, I'm able to get a good look at the tattoo on his bicep. I reach out and touch it. It's done entirely in black ink, and when I tilt my head, I can just make out the swirling letters.

"Mona Catherine," I read.

"My mom." He gives a sad smile. "I know it's cheesy. At least I managed to talk myself out of putting her name in a heart."

"I think it's beautiful." I trace the ink with my finger. "Is this the only one you have?"

He raises an eyebrow. "Are you hoping for more?" He spreads his arms-only wincing a little-and grins. "You're welcome to search."

"Not until I take a guess first. I'm pretty sure there's a formula for this sort of thing. Let's see..." I purse my lips. "You don't have a motorcycle-at least that I know of. No visible piercings. No scraggly facial hair. Wait-have you been in prison?"

He gives one of those half-smiles. "That depends. Do you find that sort of thing attractive or not?"

I poke him in the good shoulder. "You're kidding, right? Because I don't fool around with ex-cons."

That gets a laugh, but it's a hollow one. He draws back and dips his fingers absently into the pool next to us. He's not looking at me, and my stomach drops. The question was meant as a joke, but now I'm afraid to know the truth.

"I've been arrested three times," he says after a moment.

"Three!"

He shoots me an appropriately ashamed look.

"Stupid stuff," he says, waving his hand. "The first time was when I was fifteen. For underage drinking."

I raise the wine in a faux toast. "Drinking stolen booze even back then, huh?"

"I had better taste back then. Lots of cheap tequila."

"Mm." I take a swig of the wine, trying to process this. "What about the other two arrests?"

"The second incident was the only one I got real jail time for," he says. "I got caught trying to steal some things from a convenience store. I was just... stupid. A stupid kid. I made a lot of mistakes."

I dip my fingers in the water. "And the third time?"

"The third time was because of a bar fight. A couple of years ago."

I open my mouth to respond, but he holds up a hand.

"Before you start lecturing me about the dangers of violence and all that, believe me, I know." He points to his eye, which is still a little puffy and discolored.

"I wasn't going to lecture you."

He gives a laugh that sounds bitterer than I'm sure he intended. "You looked like you wanted to kick my ass back there at the spa."

"You started a fight with four people. Not one. Four."

"It wasn't as bad as it looked."

"You broke your nose! And your arm is-"

"I know. Don't you think I feel like an idiot already?"

I look down at my lap. I'm suddenly aware that my shirt is still open, but I don't care.

"Why?" I say finally.

He snorts. "It's not like I wake up in the morning and think, 'I'm going to bust some guy's lip today'."

"Geez, you know that's not what I meant."

He sighs. "Sometimes I just... you know. I just need to hit something." He rubs the back of his head. "I was in a bad place for a while after my mom died. Be glad you didn't know me then. But we've talked about this before. Sometimes you just need somewhere for all that confused energy to go."

"I can think of a few better places than fighting." I raise the wine bottle. "Lean back."

But he catches my wrist before I can pour anything down his chest.

"What about you?" he says.

"What do you mean?"

"Tell me something about your past. Something you're ashamed of." His thumb brushes against the inside of my wrist. "Or something happy, if you'd prefer."

I freeze. I don't want to think about my past. And talking about it sounds even worse. But for some reason, I can't find the strength to deny him. Not with the way he's looking at me right now.

"When I was younger," I say after a minute, "maybe eight or nine, I decided to run away. I was mad with my father about something, but I don't remember what. Probably something really silly. I grabbed my favorite stuffed animal and stole a box of cereal out of the kitchen and just left. Walked right out the door."

Ward smiles knowingly. "And your father came after you?"

"Oh, no," I say, my own lips curling up slightly. "He let me march right out the door." Probably not surprising, considering it was a bit of a walk from the door to the main gate, and even if I got that far, there wasn't anywhere to go out here. "But he watched me. From one of the windows. I caught him peeking out from behind the curtains."

I look down at the water in the pool beside us. Ward's still holding my wrist, still sliding his thumb across my skin.

"Eventually, of course, I got bored and went back inside," I continue. "I thought my father would be angry with me, but when I saw him, he acted like he hadn't even noticed I'd been gone. And that was worse, in a weird way. I was upset because I thought that maybe he didn't care." I twist my hand around, locking my fingers with Ward's. "And then I went back up to my room and found something on my bed. He'd left me an atlas with a note that said 'Here are some maps for your next adventure.'" My father had never been overly emotional or over-the-top with his displays of affection. He rarely said things outright. But sometimes he'd do little things that showed me exactly how much he loved me.

"I know that's not a very exciting story," I say quickly. "I'm not even sure why that one popped in my head. I just..." I shrug. "I don't even know where that atlas is now." Probably sold off with the rest of my family's things.

Ward squeezes my hand. "Your father sounds like a good man."

If he knew my father's name, he might not say so. But now isn't the time to think about that. I didn't come out here to have this conversation. Not tonight.

I hold up the bottle of wine again and choke down the lump in my throat. "There. I've shared. Now it's your turn for a little fun."

There's a questioning look in his eyes as I lean forward, but he doesn't argue. Probably because he came out here for the same reason I did.

He leans back slightly on the edge of the pool, propping himself on his good elbow. The pose only enhances the muscular lines of his body. I try not to drool as I reach out and let a little of the wine spill down his chest.

I don't move as quickly or hungrily as he did. Slowly, I lower my mouth to his skin. The trail of wine starts just above his sternum, and I kiss his collarbone gently before moving my lips lower.

One kiss, two, three. Once or twice I let my tongue slip between my lips, but only to tease. My kisses are light, just a soft touch against his chest. The bit of wine that reaches my taste buds seems sweeter than it did before, and it doesn't quite mask the saltiness of Ward's skin.

His free hand moves up to my hair, but he doesn't try to force the direction of my head. I follow the wine down to the place where the trail of hair beneath his belly button disappears into the waistband of his pants. And then I start working my way back up.

This time I'm not delicate. I attack his chest with my mouth, determined to clean every sticky bit of wine off of him. He lets out a groan, his hand digging into my scalp.

I don't stop when I reach the top of his chest. I continue moving upward, my mouth skipping up the line of his throat. I'm practically on top of him now, my body spread out across his own. His hand drops from my head to circle the small of my back as I finally lift my face to his.

I can still taste the wine on his lips. I'm sure he can taste it on mine as well. Any last hesitation he had disappears.

He tugs at my shirt, and together we manage to get my arms free. The bra goes next. I have to stand to remove my skirt. I peel it off slowly, enjoying the growing heat in Ward's face as I reveal myself inch by inch. When I'm down to my underwear, he stands up.

"Let me get those," he says roughly. He slips his fingers beneath the band and sidles the panties slowly down over my hips.

"Your turn now," I say when my underwear is on the ground next to my feet.

He smiles, then steps back to undo his belt. He doesn't taunt me with a striptease-he's too eager. His pants and boxers are off in what must be record time, and I laugh as he tosses them aside.

"Slow down there, partner," I say.

He grabs me by the waist, yanking me up against his body. Bare skin against bare skin.

His mouth moves against my ear. "Is that really what you want? To take things slow?"

No, I want to say. I want it fast and wild and crazy. I want to forget about feelings and mistakes and reporters who may or may not be blackmailing me. I want to forget about death and grief and stolen homes.

I don't have to utter a word. He kisses me, and my entire consciousness narrows to the feeling of his mouth against mine. His arms loop around my back, and I stumble back a step as his body presses against mine.

My calves hit the stone edge of the pool before I'm fully aware of which direction we're moving. I clutch desperately at Ward, but it's too late. I fall backwards, pulling Ward off-balance as well.

The water is cold. And it's everywhere-in my mouth, up my nose, all around me. The pool isn't deep, but I'm still sputtering and coughing as I sit up.

Ward landed partially on top of me. He sits up quickly, pushing his damp hair out of his eyes.

"Are you all right?" he says.

I nod as I cough up the rest of the water in my throat. He looks worried, but the minute I can breathe again, I laugh.

"It's just a little water," I say.

Only then does he break into a smile. The moonlight reflects off the beads of water on his face, making him look so brilliant and beautiful that I can't help but reach up and drag his face down to mine.

"Besides," I murmur against his mouth. "It's not like I wasn't wet already."

He groans at my bad joke and tugs me toward him. It's not graceful, the way our limbs flail toward each other through the shallow pool, but I don't care. I want this guy, and I'm not going to let anything stop me from devouring every last inch of him.

My skin is covered in goose bumps, but I'm not sure whether it's reacting to the coolness of the water or the heat of our bodies. My nipples are sensitive points, and every time they brush against Ward's chest, tremors ripple through me. He wraps his body around mine, pulling me closer and pushing me further into the water at the same time. I tilt my head back, letting the top of my scalp touch the surface of the shallow pool as his mouth moves down to my breasts.

He takes one of my nipples between his lips, and I whimper at the flush of heat on my breast. My flesh is so sensitive that the tiniest touch of his tongue against that delicate nub makes my core clench in response. He sucks gently, nibbling at the rose-pink skin of my areola until my whimpers deepen into moans.

Just when I think I can't take it anymore, he moves to the other nipple. I arch my back, lifting my breast to his mouth while I hang on to him by the shoulders. As the pleasure builds inside me, I spread my legs and hook them around his hips beneath the water.

He groans as I shift myself into his lap, and the throaty sound makes his lips and tongue vibrate around my nipple. I feel his hard length jump against the inside of my thigh.

I pull myself upright and tighten the grip of my legs so that my body is right up against his, chest to chest with me in his lap.

"Fuck," he murmurs, the word little more than an exhale against my cheek.

Below the water, we're pressed together. All it would take is a clever shift of my hips to give him access. My heart is pounding so quickly that it feels like it might beat its way right out of my ribs. Assuming Ward's arms don't squeeze the breath right out of me first.

"Condom," he mutters.

Oh. Yeah. I try to disentangle myself from him, but he tightens his grip, holding me in place. Slowly, he stands, drawing us out of the water with my legs still around his waist. I throw my arms around his neck and hold tight.

"If you drop me, I'll kill you," I say.

He chuckles. "I'll be careful, I promise. I'm not done with you yet."

Slowly, he steps out of the pool and carries me over to where his jeans lay in a crumpled pile. Only then does he put me down, but he keeps an arm around my waist as he reaches down and grabs the pants. As he fumbles for the pocket, I stand on my toes and close my lips around his ear. His arm grips me tighter and his arousal leaps against my thigh.

"Hold on, hold on," he says.

I answer by flicking his earlobe with my tongue. One of my hands skims over the muscles of his back while the other drifts down to touch his other muscle.

"Fuck, woman, give me a minute."

I don't want to give him a minute. I want him now. In reality, it probably only takes him a moment to open the condom, but it feels like forever. My body is so tense and achy with longing that I can't think straight.

And then suddenly he's grabbing me with both arms again, lowering me down to the ground. I relax into his grip, letting him press me down onto my back against the grass of the clearing. After the cool water, the ground feels almost unnaturally warm-but maybe that's only because my blood is boiling in my veins.

Ward is on top of me, and every sweet inch of his body feels like heaven against mine. We're both still wet, but I can't tell what's fountain water and what's sweat.

I raise my hips, looping my legs around him once more, and he slips inside of me so quickly, so easily, that it's a small miracle it didn't happen back in the pool. I gasp in pleasure, and Ward exhales. For a moment, he doesn't move.

"This..." I begin, but I don't bother finishing. I know. He knows.

When he moves, it's with far more restraint than I expected. I move my body up to meet his and tilt my head to kiss him. His mouth joins mine eagerly, and I return the passion, biting down on his lip as we rock against each other.

My whole world is heat and light. I've had plenty of sex in my life-good sex, sweet sex, emotional sex-but I've never had sex that felt like this. This is wild. This is explosive. I never want it to end, and at the same time I'm afraid my body won't be able to take it. That I'll black out and wake up sometime later dazed and satisfied and sore in places I never realized I could feel such pleasure.

Lights dance across the inside of my closed eyelids. I don't care if it's moonlight, starlight, or just the pleasure centers exploding in my brain.

"Ward..." I say, but it's more of a moan than a name.

He murmurs something back, but I can't make out the words. My mind is too full of sensations to have room for processing other things.

"...ere," he says.

"Mm?"

It takes me a moment to realize he's stopped moving.

My eyes fly open. Ward is frozen on top of me, but he's not looking down at me. Instead he's looking back toward the place where we entered the clearing.

"What is-"

He hushes me with a gentle hand across my mouth. And then I hear it: a voice, from somewhere else in the maze.

"Who's there?" comes the cry.

One of the guards. Someone knows we're out here. And he's not far, from the sound of it.

Ward moves quickly, climbing off of me and leaping to his feet. I lie there, stunned, until he reaches out his hand.

"Come on," he urges in a whisper. "Quick. Grab your clothes."

He doesn't have to tell me twice. Things aren't going to end well if we're discovered having sex in the hedge maze with a bottle of very expensive stolen wine. We dart around the clearing, gathering our discarded clothes. I grab the near-empty wine bottle from next to the fountain as the guard calls out again. I don't know if he knows the way through the maze, but he definitely sounds closer this time.

We don't take the time to dress. There's another way out of the clearing, opposite the place where we entered, and we both run toward it without having to say a word to each other. We dart down the path between the hedges, and I don't even bother to pretend that I don't know the way. I lead us through a winding series of turns until we come to a small alcove built into one of the leafy walls. It wouldn't be much of a hiding spot in broad daylight, but there's enough shadow right now that we might avoid the notice of someone running past. Assuming they were able to follow our exact path in the first place. There are plenty of places a guard might get lost in here.

I pull my clothes back on with shaking hands. Now that I've gotten the chance to breathe, though, I realize that the trembling isn't from fear; no, this rush of adrenaline is an odd mixture of arousal and the devilish sort of excitement you feel only when you're doing something completely wicked. I almost laugh out loud.

And when Ward's hands find me in the darkness, I realize that he's nearly laughing, too. He pulls me close to him and gives a sad little chuckle.

"That's not how that's supposed to end," he says. "That bastard."

The guard shouts again, though it sounds like we've definitely put some distance between us and him.

"Fortunately," he continues, "I had the foresight to bring a couple-damn."

"What?"

"I know I packed a couple of condoms," he says, patting his pockets. "The other one must have fallen out somewhere."

I give a defeated laugh and lean my head against his shoulder. Seriously? Can't the universe give us a freaking break?

Somewhere far off, the guard calls another time, his voice even quieter than before.

"You know," I say, determined to make the best of the occasion. "Sex might be out of the question, but we've gotten around that problem before."

"Mm. I like the way you think."

"You'll like me even better in a few minutes," I say, my hands on his jeans. "I owe you one anyway."

And I drop to my knees, eager to go to work.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

That reporter Asher is watching me. Yeah, I know I haven't had a full night's sleep in a couple of weeks-really, it's been more like months-but I know this isn't just exhaustion-fueled paranoia. I run a lot of errands for Mr. Haymore, all over the estate, and I seem to run into Asher more than I should.

Most of the time he doesn't say anything. He doesn't even let me catch him looking in my direction. But I can feel it. Like a tickle down the back of my neck.

I consider finding Ward and letting him help me forget my worries for a while, let him finish what we started last night. But today, instead of feeling giggly and satisfied with the things that happened between us last night, I find myself with a knot in my stomach. He told me things last night about his past. About himself. He's opening up to me, little by little. And I still haven't told him my real name.

Is it worth the risk, letting him know the truth? He has no love for the people who run this place, so I don't worry about him running to Haymore or Carolson with my secret. But if I lose this connection with Ward, this one bit of sanity holding me together... what then? I have nothing else right now.

But there I go, being the selfish bitch again. Thinking only about myself.

I make up my mind when I come back from an errand for Mr. Haymore and find the note tucked under the stapler on my desk:

Busy tonight? Meet you at the pool at 11 PM.

-W

I feel like a silly teenager, the way my heart swells at a couple of simple sentences. Meeting at the pool is a little riskier than meeting out in the gardens somewhere-or at least, it would have been if we hadn't gotten a report only this morning that the security cameras were glitching out up there. I smile to myself, wondering if a certain handyman might have had something to do with that. His eagerness to see me only hammers home what I've been thinking all morning: I need to tell him. Tonight. I want him to know the truth.

That decision sends a panicky feeling through my limbs, but I know it's the right thing to do. No more running.

Unfortunately, there's still half a day to get through before I can get this off my chest. Somehow, I have to function like a human being until then.

I'm on my fifth (sixth? Seventh?) cup of coffee for the day when I notice I have a new email from Calder.

Weird. He normally doesn't email me more than once a week or so. Didn't he just send me something a couple of days ago?

But before I have the chance to open it, Mr. Haymore calls me. And then I'm back to the grind, with only a couple of coffee breaks the rest of the day.

Haymore's claimed me for dinner tonight, too, and though I'm tempted to fake stomach cramps or the flu or something, I bite back my excuses and go along with it. If I'm promising myself not to run anymore, that should apply to everything.

They've decided to put together some ridiculous formal supper for all of the press members. Apparently Carolson's going to give another one of his inspirational speeches, show off his perfect little family, and generally continue this whole song and dance. Predictably, half of the staff has worked overtime to make sure everything is absolutely perfect.

And it shows. As soon as I step into the room, it's clear that a lot more effort and money have gone into this meal than the one they put on for the employees. It's fancier than most weddings I've been to-and that's saying something, considering the crowd I grew up with. No surprise, though-these reporters are the men and women who can make or break this place with their reviews.

But that's not the only change they've made in here. They've made some more permanent additions to the decor as well. On the far wall, the one right above the "head" table where Carolson and Co. will be dining tonight, they've hung a series of portraits. One of Carolson himself, plus one of each member of his family. At the center, there's one of the entire family, poised and posed and looking so self-important that it makes me want to gag. I can already imagine what Ward would say if he were here.

I'm shaky as I take my seat at the table Haymore indicates. I'm sure it's just from the coffee. But the coffee isn't responsible for the feelings that creep over me as I continue to look around the room. Most of the press members are already here. Some have their cameras and other fancy equipment set up in front of them. Others have notepads next to their table settings.

I know I should be used to this by now. The reporters. The showy decor. So why does it still upset me?

Just behind the disgust comes the shame-my constant companion. No matter how long I'm here, I still make it all about me. About the things I want. I'm the girl having panic attacks about losing a mansion when so many people out there have it far worse than I do.

Addison Thomas or Louisa Cunningham, it doesn't matter-they're both frauds.

I'm going to vomit. I'm actually going to be sick right here in the middle of Carolson's fancy press banquet. I stand up, shoot a desperate excuse in Mr. Haymore's direction, and run outside.

I don't make it to the bathroom. Instead I rush out one of the side doors and into the herb garden. Next thing I know, I'm bent over the rosemary, puking my guts out.

It's mostly coffee. I can't remember the last time I ate real food, and I can't even imagine touching anything in that banquet tonight. Not now.

Suddenly there are warm hands on me-one holding my hair back, the other steadying my back. Touch is a small comfort when you're being sick everywhere, but it's a comfort nonetheless.

I don't know who I'm expecting to see when I stand up, but it's still a shock when I turn around and find myself face-to-face with my old friend Asher Julian.

"Are you okay?" he says.

"I'm fine." I snap. I glance around for something I can use to wipe my mouth, but apparently the universe wants this to be as degrading as possible for me.

Asher holds out a small towel. It looks like one of those flimsy things people use to clean camera lenses.

"Come on," he says when I don't take it immediately. "I don't bite, I promise."

"I'm not sure I believe that." But I take the towel anyway.

He's silent after that, letting me clean myself up a little. It makes me nervous.

"I don't have any information for you, if that's why you're here," I say finally. I'm not interested in dealing with him right now.

"Oh, you have plenty of information," he says, smiling. "I'm just not sure you know it yet."

My head is throbbing. I press my fingers against my temples, but it doesn't do much.

"Enough with the games," I say. "Just tell me what you want."

"I want a story, Louisa."

Yeah, I pretty much knew he knew who I was, but hearing him say my name cements it. I quickly look around, even though I know we're alone out here.

"If you know who I am," I say, lowering my voice, "then why haven't you told anyone? Why should I trust you not to blab it to the world?"

"It's a better story if I have actual details. Not that a couple of good pictures wouldn't be worth a lot. Those gossip sites are much more interested in speculations than facts. I, however, am more interested in the truth."

Oh, what a fine, upstanding reporter he is! I'd probably throw up again if my stomach weren't already empty.

"If you wanted to sit down and do an exclusive interview after this, I know a few magazines that would pay top dollar," he says. "Honestly, it's probably a good financial move in the long run. Keep your name in the press. Keep the masses wondering what you'll do next. Celebrities have built entire careers out of nothing more than one ridiculous exploit after another."

Is that what he thinks I want? Money and fame again? I want the world to forget about my family and our house and our financial situation.

"I'm not interested," I tell him.

"Fair enough," he says with a nod. "And I'll respect that. But I'm not sure other people here share that attitude."

I cross my arms. "What exactly do you want? Why didn't you just ask me for all of this outright?"

"Because there's a lot more going on with this place than you, Ms. Cunningham. I came here looking for a very different story, and I found you instead. But that doesn't mean I'm giving up on my first lead."

"I don't understand. You think I can help you with that?" Clearly I have him as fooled as the rest of them if he thinks I've been focused on anything but myself all this time.

"I would imagine someone in your position would have a pretty healthy interest in Edward Carolson," he says casually.

Well, he's right about that, at least. Okay. I'll bite.

"You're looking for dirt on Carolson, then?" I ask.

"This project is big news. It's brought him into the eye of the general public. Naturally, my editors are pretty hungry for information."

I take a deep breath. "Well, I'm not sure what you think I know about him. I've hardly said a word to the man."

"But you seem pretty close to Ward Brannon."

My back stiffens. "What?"

"Ward Brannon. You know-carries around a hammer. Lots of muscles. If you like that sort of thing."

How does he know about me and Ward? It's not exactly like the two of us were flashing that around or anything. I'm completely creeped out right now.

But that's not even the most important issue here.

"What's Ward got to do with any of this?" I say.

"That's what I've been trying to figure out. Carolson himself requested him for the job. Flew him all the way in from Chicago. Why? From what I can see, he didn't have any particularly spectacular credentials. And even here, he's not leading any of the projects. So why all of that extra effort? What makes him special?"

I shake my head. "How am I supposed to know that?" But inside, my brain is freaking out: He's right. What's going on here?

It must be pretty clear that I don't have a clue. He smiles and nods and doesn't press me.

"Just thought I'd check," he says. "But it would be extremely helpful if you kept your ears open for me."

Or what? He's going to tell everyone my secret?

"I'll think about it," I say, just to get him off my back.

"I sincerely hope that you do." He's still wearing that awful smile. As if we're talking about friggin' puppies or something and not yet another complication in what's already the biggest mess of my life.

"Well," he continues, "on that note, I should probably return to dinner. Wouldn't want to miss anything. Are you coming, Ms. Thomas?"

I don't miss the mocking tone of that final word. I shake my head.

"Clearly, something isn't sitting right with me." I don't even bother waving at the mess I've made on the rosemary bush. "I think I'm just going to go to bed."

He nods. "I'll vouch for you with your boss."

As if I need any favors from him. After all of this. But I don't say anything else. I'm sick and angry and my head is throbbing.

I run back up to my room. My legs give out twice on the stairs, and by the time I'm back at my horrible little dorm, I have half a dozen new bruises. But I don't care. I've started to shake again, and my heart is pounding at breakneck speed. I can feel it in my ears. I crouch down on the floor, my back against the door, and hug my knees.

Breathe, I remind myself. Breathe, Lou.

But there are so many thoughts rushing through my head that those words get lost. I'm gasping for air and rocking back and forth against the door, trying to stay afloat.

Finally, some minutes or hours later, I finally come back to myself, and I climb to my feet and stumble over to my bed. It's almost ten o'clock. Still an hour until I meet Ward. Asher's weird insinuations are still floating around in my head, but I push them aside. Yes, there's something going on, but I don't want to think about that right now. I'm barely holding myself together.

What happens now? Do I stay here? Or do I run from this place, run from Asher's threats?

No. No running. Especially since the minute I leave, there's no reason for him to keep quiet about who I am. Sure, he won't have his "exclusive interview," but he knows I'm here. That's enough. God forbid he was actually able to snap a picture of me. He has enough expensive equipment with him, I wouldn't be surprised. If I didn't realize he caught me and Ward sneaking off together, then who knows what else I missed? How many incriminating photos has he managed to capture?

Maybe I deserve it. Maybe the world should be allowed to see what a psycho I am. It's only right, after all. Let everyone see. Let Ward finally know what a crazy freak I am.

But what about my brother? Whatever I do reflects back on him, too. We're the only Cunninghams left. Whether it's fair or not, he will probably get dragged into any tabloid storm with me.

Thinking of him reminds me that he sent me that email earlier. I'm sure it will only make me feel crappier to read it now, but maybe, just maybe, another glimpse at his new, perfect life will give me the hope to get on with things. If he can do it, if he can figure things out, then maybe I can, too.

I pull my laptop over to the bed and open up my email. But when I click on Calder's message, I don't find one of his normal life updates. Instead, I find three short sentences.

I need to talk to you. Right now. Call me immediately.

My heart jumps back into my throat. Something's wrong. Something's horribly wrong. Why didn't he call me? I know we don't exactly chat over the phone, but he has my number. I reach for my pocket, but then I remember-I left my phone up here today. In my extreme exhaustion, I must have forgotten to take it off the charger this morning.

When I grab my phone, I find that I have seven missed calls. One from Ian, and six from Calder. I feel like someone's dumped a bucket of ice water over my head.

It doesn't matter that Calder and I haven't spoken in weeks-or that we were estranged for more than a year before that. It doesn't matter that the last time I saw him, I snuck out in the middle of the night and probably earned myself a scathing mark in his fiancee's opinion forever. I dial my brother immediately.

He picks up after one ring.

"Lou," he says. "Where the hell are you?"

It's a little strange, hearing his voice. And I know that tone all too well, despite the fact that I haven't heard it since right after our father died. It's his I know better than you voice.

But there's no time to play the defensive little sister.

"What's going on?" My own voice sounds a little shaky. "What's wrong?"

"Where are you? Answer me honestly, Louisa."

He sounds completely ticked, and my throat tightens. He knows I'm here. How does he know I'm here?

It hits me like a friggin' shovel to the head: Ian.

Calder doesn't wait for me to answer him.

"One of your friends from Cunningham Cares contacted me this morning," he says. "He told me he saw you earlier this week and that you were out at the estate."

The cold fear that gripped me is replaced by anger. Dammit, Ian! Why couldn't you have left it alone? Left me to my mess and gotten on with your life?

"Look," I say, "I know it sounds crazy-"

"Damned right it's crazy! What the hell's going on?"

"Well if you'd stop yelling at me and calm down for one freaking minute, I'll tell you."

On the other end of the line, I hear the long, slow exhale of his breath. Calder never really had much patience or understanding for some of my wilder exploits, but he's still my brother. I need to remember that he's worried about me.

It takes me a moment to gather my own thoughts. I'm not going to let him boss me around, even if he's my big brother. On the other hand, I don't want to fight with him. Not when we're talking to each other for the first time in weeks.

"It's complicated," I say softly.

That's how I always begin, isn't it? It's always complicated with me.

"I needed to come back here again," I rush on. "After I saw what they were doing to this place, I couldn't just sit by and do nothing."

"And what exactly do you think you're going to do?" His voice is steady but strained, and I know it's taking a lot of effort to hold in his temper. "I sold it. It's gone. It doesn't belong to us anymore. Edward Carolson can do whatever he damn well wants with the place."

"I'm not... I know there's nothing I can do. Nothing that will stop things from going forward." I take a deep breath. "But... I needed to do this, Calder."

It's the same line I gave to Ian, and it gets the same response.

"Why?"

Why do you need to do this? Over and over and over again. I don't have the answer.

"I don't even understand how this happened," Calder continues. "He said you were there under a false identity. How? What did you do?"

"It's... complicated."

Calder's not an idiot. He knows about some of my old "friends" with connections. He had a few of his own, back when he was a little wilder.

"You need to get out of there," he says.

I don't want to fight. But I refuse to run, even if the rest of the world is telling me I should. I want to tell him about everything I've seen here. About the stupid cherubs they've painted on every wall. About the wine. About those ridiculous portraits of Carolson they have hanging in the dining room. About the reporters crawling over everything, taking photographs of every last inch of the estate.

But I know that won't change his mind. He has everything together now. And I just have madness.

"Just... trust me," I say. "Please." Please, try to understand.

He doesn't say anything for a moment. I can practically hear him debating options in his head.

"I can come pick you up in the morning," he says. "You can come stay with me and Lily for a while."

"I don't need to stay with you guys."

"You need to get out of there."

He can repeat that all he wants, but it doesn't change anything.

"I'm sorry," I say softly. "I need to go."

"Louisa-"

"I'll think about it," I lie. But Calder sees right through my words.

"Louisa, you-"

"Bye," I say, hanging up before he can finish. I drop the phone on the bed and flop back on the pillows.

Predictably, Calder calls back immediately. But I don't answer. I cross my arms over my face and pray for the ringing to stop. I feel like I'm about to fall apart.

This is the right thing, isn't it? Forcing myself to face this? Forcing myself to be around this house and these people until I'm willing to accept that my old life is gone? That my father is gone?

I'm shaking again, but I try to fight it down. I grasp for the hollowness, searching for it deep in my gut, and when I find it, I allow it to wash over me. To help drive out all the doubts and pain.

I move like a zombie, getting ready to go meet Ward. Knowing that I get to see him tonight is the only thing keeping me from going completely over the edge. I let the numbness settle into my limbs and belly as I brush my teeth and hair and change into a simple tank top and pair of jeans. I don't put on any makeup. I want him to see me as I truly am.

I haven't forgotten my promise that I'd tell him the truth about my identity tonight. I know that thought should terrify me after everything that's happened today, but if anyone can understand my confusion, somehow I feel like it might be Ward.

I give myself a long look in the mirror before I leave. Addison Thomas dies tonight, at least in one person's eyes. As for the rest of her... well, I don't have to decide right now.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Ward's already up at the rooftop pool when I arrive. He's abandoned his sling for the night, and he's lounging in one of the chairs, his arms behind his head as he stares up at the stars. For a moment, I just stand at the door and stare at him. He looks so peaceful. His face is relaxed, his body spread out. I don't mind the view one bit.

There are so many things I need to tell him. The truth about my identity. The fact that some reporter thinks he's hiding some big secret. But those things can wait. I don't want to think about them right now.

He glances over as I approach, and his face spreads into a smile. Butterflies explode in my stomach. God, I don't want to lose him. Whatever this crazy thing is between us, I need it right now.

I don't wait until I'm next to him. I strip off my clothes piece by piece, leaving a trail of garments behind me as I approach the pool. It's balmy tonight, and the air is so warm and humid that I won't be surprised if we get rain later.

"You're eager tonight, aren't you?" he says when I'm next to him.

"Not eager," I tease, shimmying my panties down my legs. "Just thought I'd go for a swim."

I don't wait for his response. I turn toward the pool, letting my toes dangle over the edge for just the briefest of moments before I close my eyes and jump.

The water rushes around me, enveloping me, holding me close. It's warmer than I expected, and I almost don't want to come up to the surface again.

There's a splash beside me, and Ward's hand finds mine under the water. I open my eyes, and in the soft fluorescent glow of the pool lights, I see him smile.

We surface together. It isn't deep here, and I let my feet sink to the bottom. The floor of the pool is covered in tiles of every shade of blue under the sun, so when you look down, it looks like the water goes on forever.

"And to think I thought you might take some convincing," Ward says, still grinning.

"To go skinny dipping? This is minor league stuff."

He laughs. "You'd be surprised. A lot of women won't even try it."

"A lot of women? Exactly how many have you brought up here?"

"That is a dangerous question, no matter how I answer it."

"Mm. Do I scare you that much?"

He's still laughing, and he brings his wet hands up to cup either side of my face.

"You're the first one I've brought up here," he says. "I promise."

His eyes are suddenly serious, and I'm almost surprised to find that I believe him.

I move closer to him in the water. A scattering of raindrops has started to fall around us, hitting our shoulders and creating a series of ripple patterns across the surface of the pool, but I don't care. We're already wet. Why should a little rain stop us?

I throw my arms around his neck and kiss him. He responds with a moan against my lips, and his arms slide around my back, holding us together in the water. The energy between us is electric, a pulsing force that makes my toes tingle. I try to wrap my legs around him underwater, but he loses his balance and we both tumble back in the water.

We come up laughing.

"Warn me next time," he says. He shakes his head, flinging his wet hair out of his eyes before reaching for me again.

But I'm already moving away from him, out toward the center of the pool. Once I'm past his reach, I push off the slick bottom of the pool and onto my back, letting myself float on the surface of the water. The sky is dark tonight. There are too many clouds to see the moon or any of the stars. But there's still something very beautiful about the black expanse above us.

After a moment, I sense Ward floating beside me. Our arms brush against each other, and he stretches out his fingers, brushing the back of mine with the back of his. I close my eyes. For a moment, I just allow myself to feel. Feel the drop drop drop of the rain on my chest and belly and face. Feel the water of the pool supporting me below, like a thousand loving moving hands. Feel the soft heat of Ward beside me whenever the water pushes us together.

I don't have to have all of the answers right now. I can just close my eyes and breathe and embrace the soft beauty of the world all around me.

I turn my hand, pulling Ward's fingers into mine.

I want this for him, too. I want him to forget his anger and just be, if only for a while. He's so quick to laugh, to smile, when he allows himself to escape from the pain that haunts him. We suit each other, he and I. Ward's better for me than he ever could know. Better than Ian ever could be.

Ian. I still can't believe that Ian called my brother. But I guess it makes sense. It was a way of getting back at me and helping me all in one go. Why aren't I allowed to make my own decisions? Even if they're mistakes-I'd rather have the freedom to make them and learn to deal with the consequences than let someone else call the shots in my life. Not Ian and not my brother. Both of them need to understand that I'm not like them. That sometimes I need to do dumb things to help figure out what the right things are.

The rain is coming down harder now, but I don't mind. I suspect I'm crying, and I don't want Ward to know.

His hand tightens on mine, as if somehow he can sense that I need the extra support.

I let my feet drop to the bottom of the pool. Ward stands up beside me, pulling me into his arms without a word.

He doesn't kiss me, only holds me close to his chest. I don't know how he knew I was upset. Even in the dark, on our backs, in the rain he was able to read me. But I don't care right now. He holds me snugly against him, his thumb gently stroking my lower back. I didn't realize how much I was shaking until I was pressed against the steady solidness of his body.

I turn my face into his chest, letting my lips brush against his skin. I kiss him softly on his collarbone, then tilt my head to leave another kiss on his throat.

"Come on," he says after a moment. "Let's get out of here."

He leads me to the edge of the pool and helps me climb out. There are towels stocked in a small cabinet behind the bar, and we steal a couple to dry off. Ward uses his towel to help wring out my hair. When he's done, he tucks the strands behind my ears.

"What color is it naturally?" he asks.

I reach up and touch the ends of my hair. It tends to curl when it gets wet.

"Brown," I tell him. "Dark brown."

"I thought so."

I manage a wry smile. "I know I need to touch up my roots."

But he shakes his head. "I can tell because of your eyes."

I look down at my feet. "Plenty of blondes have brown eyes."

"Not that dark." He puts a finger beneath my chin and lifts my face. It's probably just an effect of the fluorescent patio lights, but his blue eyes look brighter than usual.

"Why do you dye it?" he asks. He smiles before adding, "Not that I don't love blondes."

"Maybe I wanted something different," I say. "Or maybe I like the blond better. A girl's allowed to be adventurous with her hair."

"Of course she is." His smile softens a little. "I was just curious."

This is it, I realize. This is the moment to tell him the truth about who I am. Even if it changes the way he's looking at me right now. Even if it alters things between us forever. I want to give up the lie. I want him to know the truth. But his eyes have gone a little sad, and before I can speak, he reaches out to touch my hair again.

"My mom used to dye her hair blond," he says. "Back when I was a kid. I assumed that was her natural color until I was ten and she lost her job. She couldn't afford the upkeep." He gives a single shake of his head. "For months while it was growing out, she refused to leave the apartment without a hat. At least until it was long enough that she was able to chop the rest of it off. I remember helping her do the back. She cried."

My heart is aching. "Was her hair the same color as yours?"

He nods. "Very close. Mine's darker, and hers had a lot more red in it. There's a lot of Irish blood on that side of the family." He reaches up and runs his fingers absently through his hair. Wet like this, it just looks dark. I can't see any of the auburn shades, any of the coppery sheen.

"When... when she was going through chemo," he says, speaking softly now, "she laughed about it. She said she couldn't believe how stupid she'd been. Back when she was a blonde, she thought her hair was the main thing that made her beautiful. Men used to talk about it all the time. When she cut it off, she said it felt like she was letting herself go and giving up on ever finding love."

I reach out and touch his chest, and he closes his hand around mine.

"It was only when she lost all of her hair that she said she realized how ridiculous that was. If someone chooses to love you or not based on something as stupid as hair, then that's not really love, is it?"

"And she had you," I say. "It's obvious you loved her whether she had hair or not."

He nods once, somberly. "In the end, she said that was more than she ever needed. But she deserved so much more than that." He looks out across the pool. "My-the man who fathered me, he broke her heart. She dated on and off throughout my life, but I think she lost a part of herself to him."

"How did... I mean, did you ever meet him?"

"Not for a long time." Ward's eyes have darkened, and the corners of his mouth are hard. "That bastard left her when she was pregnant. Refused to acknowledge that he was responsible. That's when my mom found out that he was married. And had been, the entire time he'd been seeing her."

"That's awful." It makes perfect sense now, his very heated opinion of cheaters. I thought that maybe some woman had broken his heart, but it's clear from the emotion in his eyes right now that his hatred is on behalf of his mother.

"It's one thing to sleep with someone else," he says. "But to abandon a woman after you've gotten her pregnant makes you the lowest of the low." He shakes his head. "I'm not even sure why I'm telling you all of this."

Now he's the one shaking, and I can feel the muscles of his chest contracting under my hand. This is the anger he doesn't know what to do with. This is his deepest pain.

I reach up and pull his face down to mine. For a moment, his mouth is hard and unyielding, but then suddenly something seems to awaken inside of him. His lips go to war with mine, and his tongue forces its way into my mouth. I welcome the attack. I cling harder to him, and our towels fall to the ground. Once again we're naked and pressed against each other.

An ache is already building between my legs. I spread my thighs slightly, and I'm rewarded with a groan from Ward. He splays his hands against my back. Every muscle in his body is tense, and I want to help him find release. I suck his bottom lip into my mouth, teasing him before pulling myself out of his grip.

I don't go far. I twist around so that I'm facing the back of the bar, and I lean forward, propping my elbows on the marble countertop and offering myself to him. Then I glance back over my shoulder. Ward's back is still rigid with tension, but he's looking down at me with a desire that makes my very core clench. His eyes flick up to mine, and a bolt of arousal shoots through me.

He's behind me now, his hand sliding down between my legs. His finger slips easily inside of me, but I still gasp at the intrusion. Slowly, he caresses me. His other hand grips my hip. And then he leans forward, and the hand slides from my hip up across my belly, and finally to my breast. He gently twists my nipple as the fingers of his other hand continue their slow strokes in and out of me.

This new position also presses his hard length right against my bare skin. I moan, and he dips his head to plant a kiss on my back, right at the base of my neck.

"I need you," I whisper.

He stills above me.

"Not like this," he says. Suddenly, he's pulling away.

"Not like what?" The bottom drops out of my stomach. I'm naked, ready to give myself to him, and he doesn't want me?

But he's reaching out, drawing me into a standing position again. His hands land on my waist and he slowly turns me around. When we're face-to-face once more, the tension of a moment ago is gone from his eyes. Instead he's looking at me with something like tenderness.

"I want to be able to look at you," he says softly, touching my cheek. "I want to see your face." He brushes his thumb across my lips. "Is that all right?"

I nod.

He leads me over to one of the long padded chaise lounges. The rain has picked up, dancing against the patio roof overhead, and though I don't feel a chill, I find myself shivering again. Slowly, Ward and I lower ourselves down onto the cushions, me on my back and him leaning over me.

He doesn't kiss me. Instead, his eyes move slowly across my face, and his hand drifts along the column of my neck.

"I didn't know what to make of you, the first time I saw you," he says.

I smile lazily. "You mean when I attacked you and tried to get in your pants?"

He returns a grin of his own, but there's emotion behind it, rather than his usual rakishness.

"Don't get me wrong," he says. "I was very, very tempted. I thought you were beautiful, but there was something in your eyes... something sad." His hand is in my hair now, twining itself in the damp strands. "And then in the maze, you were so critical of yourself. I don't understand. I don't see how you can think that, even a little bit."

I don't want to be having this conversation right now. Not when my body is so eager for him. But at the same time, it doesn't feel right to kiss him or pull him closer. Not when he's looking at me like this. Not after everything he's shared with me tonight.

"You don't know me," I say softly.

Ward lowers his face toward mine.

"I want to know you," he whispers. "And not just your body." His eyelids drop a little. "What were you thinking about in the pool?"

I close my eyes so I don't have to endure the softness of his gaze.

"I was thinking about how peaceful it was," I say after a moment. "About how everything seemed so perfect and still around us."

His breath washes across my eyelids. "You were crying."

I was right, then. He'd seen everything.

"It was beautiful," I say. "And for a moment I could forget how much I hate this place."

Ward is silent for a minute before responding.

"If you hate it so much," he says, "then why are you here?"

It's the question that's continued to haunt me since the day I set foot in Huntington Manor. Ian asked it. Calder asked it. I've asked it of myself a hundred times.

But this is the first time I've found the answer.

"Because I deserve it," I hear myself say. This is my punishment for the way I've lived my life. For the things I've said and done and felt in the past year and a half.

"What do you think of me?" Ward says quietly.

My eyes fly open. "What do you mean?"

He traces the edge of my ear with his finger, and his eyes follow the movement.

"As a person," he says. "What do you think of me? Am I an asshole? A violent idiot you find attractive against your better judgment?"

"Of course not," I tell him quickly. "I don't-I mean, maybe you could work on your temper, but that doesn't make you a bad person. You've had a lot to deal with in your life." And I don't even know the half of it, if what Asher suggested is true.

"And you've dealt with a lot, too," he replies. "Nobody's perfect. We deal with things in different ways."

Part of me wants to believe him. But just like with everyone else, I know he doesn't see the full picture. How can he know what I've dealt with? I've lied to him about who I am.

But before I can argue, he leans down and kisses me. It's softer than his other kisses, but it still thrills me from the inside out.

Slowly, his hand drifts down my body, and his touch scorches my skin. He kisses me again, still gently and dreamily as if we have all the time in the world. I sigh against his mouth and raise my hands to his shoulders, trying to pull him nearer.

But he's taking his time. His fingers slide back and forth across my stomach, so lightly that I'm surprised it doesn't tickle.

He kisses my lips, my jaw, my nose, my eyelids. He presses his mouth gently against one of my temples, then the other. And then he's kissing my hair, my ear, my neck. Every kiss is as soft as a whisper, but the reaction of my body is as violent, as hungry as it ever was. I'm alive with nerves, and the throbbing between my legs is growing stronger with every touch of his lips.

When his mouth joins mine again, I raise a hand to his neck to keep him there. This time, he doesn't try to pull back. He presses my lips open with his tongue and lets his mouth sink against mine, giving me breath and breathing me in all at once.

When he finally shifts his body and brings his full weight down on me, it's like my entire being sighs. It was waiting for this, this delicious pressure. My hands slide around his back, holding him in place, but instead of kissing me again, he lifts his head.

"Protection," he murmurs.

I want to groan, but I release him and let him roll off of me. I'm thankful he's responsible, even though my body aches at his absence.

I watch his back as he moves toward his jeans. His skin is still marked with bruises from the fight, but somehow, that only makes him look more invincible. He's all muscle and hard lines and taut skin. Positively exquisite. He looks so yummy that I want to lick every last drop of rain and pool water off of him.

His eyes darken when he turns and notices me watching him. He moves back toward me slowly, then sits down on the edge of the chaise lounge. This time, his lips start lower. His mouth begins at the crest between my legs-making me squirm in anticipation-and then he slowly works his way up my belly, between my breasts, and over my throat. I close my eyes and revel in every sensation.

His fingers touch my cheek and he lowers his weight on top of me again.

"Open your eyes," he murmurs.

I obey. His gaze is dark, and there's an intensity in his blue eyes that makes my heart sing. But it's not just lust-it's understanding. Genuine awareness and feeling. He senses what I sense every time I'm near him-that we get each other. That there's some connection here that goes beyond the physical.

It's hard to breathe.

He nudges my legs apart with his knee, and still his eyes never leave mine. My hand flies up to touch his side, but there's no impatience or desperation in my touch. I want to savor this moment by moment. I spread my legs, letting him settle between them. He's ready to go, but there's no hurry here.

Just when I think we're about to be joined, he pauses. Slowly, he reaches down and pulls my hand from his side, then lifts it above my head against the cushion. He does the same thing with the other hand, and his fingers interlock with mine on either side of my head. He continues to look down at me, and I find that I can't even blink. I don't want to miss a moment of this. I want to see every emotion that flickers across his gaze.

Only then, finally, does he enter me. His eyes flutter halfway closed as he thrusts, but they spring open again immediately. The heat in their depths is growing stronger every second, warming their color to a dark cerulean.

And when he moves, the color only deepens. His breath comes faster, and mine's so ragged I feel like it hardly comes at all. He doesn't speak. He doesn't even kiss me, because leaning forward would break the connection between our eyes. I twine my legs around his, locking myself to him. His fingers tighten on mine, and I squeeze back. Energy passes through every place we touch, every place our bodies twist around each other.

Neither of us says a word. We move together on the cushions, furiously and more passionately with every thrust, until I know nothing but the wild joys of his body and the fierceness in his eyes. He never breaks my gaze, not even when the sweat drips from his face down upon my cheeks and lips. Not even when my nails dig into the backs of his palms. Not even when my pleasure crests and I cry out.

He's still looking into me when his own climax comes. His eyes widen slightly with the force of it, and his body tremors on top of mine as he gives me those last desperate strokes.

Only when he's given every last bit of his lust does he lean down and take my mouth again.

And for the first time in a long time, I know what it feels like to want to give everything to someone else.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

We make love again that night, and we drift in and out of sleep between our explorations of each other's bodies. It's the best sleep I've had in recent memory. When I finally wake up, the sky has lightened a little-just enough to signal that dawn might not be too far away. It hasn't stopped raining, but it's still a light, peaceful drizzle.

Ward stirs beside me, as if somehow in his sleep he's sensed me waking beside him. We're still on the chaise lounge, our arms and legs twisted around each other, and his eyes drift slowly open. A smile curls across his lips, and he tilts his face forward and leaves a soft kiss on my temple.

"Can I ask you something?" I say softly.

"Mmhm." He's moving his mouth across my hair now, as if making up for the lost kisses during our earlier embrace.

There are so many things I want to say. To confess. But now that the moment's here, I'm terrified. My tongue doesn't want to move. Somehow, while I slept, I lost a bit of that emotional intimacy I felt between us last night. I need to find it again.

I take a deep breath. "Why are you here, if you hate it so much?"

His lips pause. I didn't want to ruin this moment by overstepping my bounds, but before I completely change the way he looks at me, I want to know exactly where he's coming from.

I pull back slightly from him so I can look him in the eyes.

"I mean, I know this is a good opportunity," I say. "But you don't seem happy. You don't get along with anyone here. And you seem to loathe Carolson. I mean, I understand he's a rich douche, but..."

I want to tell him what Asher said, but I don't want him to think that's why I'm bringing this up. I want to know the truth for me. For us. Whatever "us" is. And I want to know it for him-so I can help him heal from it, just as he's been trying to help me.

I watch his face as he tries to put together his response.

"You're not going to believe this," he says finally.

"Of course I'll believe it."

"No, I mean that it's going to sound ridiculous. At least ridiculous outside of a soap opera."

You should meet my family, I think. But now I'm curious. I prop myself up on my elbow.

Ward rolls over onto his back and gazes up at the ceiling. "So, you know about my mom."

I nod, not understanding.

"Her last year was rough. She couldn't really work anymore, and the bills were piling up." He sighs. "I did what I could. I'd been saving up. I was hoping I'd have enough in a few years to go back to school. Study architecture and all that."

I reach out and touch his arm.

"But most of that money ended up going to her bills. I made sure her mortgage was paid, stuff like that. I didn't want her to end up homeless if she... if she pulled through. In the end, it didn't matter. Her assets were all sold off to pay off her debt."

I know how that goes, I want to say. But I don't interrupt him.

"So I was broke," he continues. Then he shakes his head. "I say that like it's some kind of excuse. It's not. I couldn't care less about the money." He exhales loudly then rolls over onto his side, facing me again.

I search his eyes, but I can't wade through all the emotion there.

"My mom said that knowing she was going to die changed her," he says softly. "I remember her saying at one point that it was the best thing that could've happened to her because it made her see the world differently. It made her realize how blessed she was. And how stupid she'd been for holding on to past pain and regrets." He reaches out and takes my hand. "I didn't realize it at the time, but she contacted my father. Told him she forgave him and thanked him for giving her the best thing in her life."

"You," I whisper.

He nods. "I didn't realize she was in touch with him at all until the funeral. This guy walks up to me and starts talking to me and I knew. Immediately."

He doesn't say anything for a long moment, just strokes the back of my hand with his thumb.

"What did he say?" I prompt after a minute. "Who was he?"

But even as I ask the question, it hits me like a sledgehammer.

Holy crap.

He nods grimly, realizing I've worked it out. "Edward fucking Carolson."

Holy friggin' crap.

I should've realized this ages ago. I mean, it's so obvious now. His anger toward Carolson was always so personal.

"I can't..." I sit up. "I had no idea."

Oh, God-is this what Asher suspected? If word gets out that Carolson has a secret illegitimate son, the press will have a field day. Especially considering Ward has a job here at Huntington Manor, the high-profile project that's launched Carolson into the public eye.

"Who else knows?" I ask him.

He rubs his forehead. "Haymore, for one. Carolson made it very clear that I was to have and keep this job."

That's okay. Haymore would never risk his job by blabbing Carolson's secrets. And it makes perfect sense now-this was why Ward was never fired, in spite of his behavior. It explains why Carolson didn't do anything that day at the spa. But thinking of the fights makes me nervous.

"Do the other subcontractors know?"

He shrugs. "I don't think they know everything, but it's no secret that I've been given preferential treatment around here. That's definitely pissed them off."

That complicates things. A lot. If the other workers hate him, I doubt many would hesitate to sell him out if they learned the truth. Ward needs to get out of here before all hell breaks loose.

"One thing I still don't get." I lay my hand gently on his chest. "Why are you here? You're obviously still angry with Carolson-for good reason. Why did you agree to this?"

"As I said, I was broke." His hand closes over mine. "He offered me a lot of money to come down here. Basically double what I would've expected on a job like this. By the time this project is done, I'll have enough for almost two years of school." He squeezes my fingers. "But as I said before, that's just the excuse I've been making to myself. The truth is, I spent my whole life wondering about my biological father. Hating him, yes, but I think there's a part of me that was always hoping he'd come find me one day. That he'd want to be a part of my life. And in a sense, that's what he did. He told me he wanted to make up for the things he'd done. He offered to pay my way through school, but there's no way in hell I would've just accepted money from that man. So he told me he had a job for me down here."

I have no words for him, so I just continue to stroke his chest.

"I thought..." he says. "Honestly, I don't know what I thought. I certainly wasn't stupid enough to think we'd be one big happy family or something. But I thought we might have the chance to... I don't know." He shakes his head. "But then I realized what a fraud he was. He's a businessman. He sells you what you want to hear whenever it serves him in some way. He never had any interest in getting to know me. This was all just his way of dealing with a guilty conscience. He wanted to throw cash at me and feel like he'd done his duty toward me and my mom. He thinks that money solves everything. That it's the answer to all of life's problems. It's bullshit."

It's certainly not hard to see where his hatred of the wealthy came from. I lie down next to him again and snuggle up against his side. He pulls me close to him.

"Why haven't you quit?" I ask.

"I've thought about it. A lot." He sighs. "I don't know why I can't. Obviously I've tried to get my ass fired a few times, but you can see how well that's worked. Maybe I just..."

"You're still holding out hope that he might show some normal human compassion?"

"No. I gave that up a while ago."

We lie there in silence for a while.

"Does his family know?" I say finally.

"Only Troy, I think. Carolson's pulled him into the family business and he noticed that I was getting a much larger salary than was normal. So the last time he and his father came down here, he sought me out."

"And you told him?"

"Didn't have to. He figured it out on his own. Apparently he's well aware of his father's many... indiscretions. Sometimes I think he hates his father almost as much as I do. I almost believe there's a chance he might escape turning into that asshole one day."

I smile, but it's hard to enjoy the fact that he's acknowledged a rich guy might be a decent person right now.

"One of the reporters suspects something," I say. There's no point in holding it back at this point.

Ward stiffens. "What do you mean?"

I sit up straight, suddenly feeling awkward. But I need to tell him.

"One of the reporters-Asher Julian-approached me and asked about your connection to Carolson. He saw that Carolson had brought you in from Chicago and he couldn't figure out why."

I watch Ward register this information. Even by the fluorescent lights, I can read the concern and confusion in his face.

"Why would he go to you?" he asks finally. "Do you think he's talked to other people, too?"

"I don't know about other people," I say. "But he came to me because he somehow knows we've been... friendly. I don't know when he saw us. But he thought I might know something."

"And, what? He thought you'd just spit it out?"

There's a brief flicker of joy at the realization that his first thought wasn't to question whether or not I'd shared anything. He trusts me.

And that's what makes this next part so hard.

Just do it, Lou. Just say it.

"He has some leverage against me," I say.

That gets Ward's attention. He sits up next to me, concerned. His fingers slip beneath my chin, and he turns my face toward his.

"What kind of leverage?" he says. "What did he do?"

I can sense the anger in his touch, see it in his eyes-but it's not directed at me. It's for me. On my behalf. He's upset that Asher's blackmailing me.

Just spit it out. Just tell him.

But it's hard to admit to my lie when he's looking at me like that. I pull away from him and stand up. I'm very fully aware that I'm still naked, but there's nothing I can do about that now. Ward is watching me, but I don't look at him. I just let the burn of his gaze sink into my skin.

"You've explained to me why you stay here, even though you hate it," I say finally. "But I never gave you my reasons."

He doesn't say anything, just continues to stare. I've started pacing, trying to find the right words.

Say it, Lou.

"The truth is..." I begin, closing my eyes.

SAY IT.

"The truth is, this used to be my home." The words are hardly more than a whisper.

He continues to be silent for what feels like an eternity. My stomach is one giant knot as I slowly peel my eyes open again.

"What do you mean by that?" he says, though I can tell the wheels are already working in his head.

"I grew up here," I say. "Addison Thomas isn't my real name. It's Louisa Cunningham."

Though I know he's arrived at that answer before I say it out loud, my words confirm his fears. His entire demeanor changes.

"You're..."

"Louisa Cunningham," I say again. "Though most people I know call me Lou."

He stands suddenly, then laughs. But it's not a happy, carefree sound. It's strained, confused.

"You're joking, right?" he says.

I don't respond.

He shakes his head, incredulous. "The Louisa Cunningham?"

This time I give a single nod.

But Ward still can't seem to accept it. "Why the hell are you here? Working as Haymore's assistant?"

"It's hard to explain." My nakedness feels like more of an issue now, and I cross my arms across my chest. Not that it hides much.

"Who knows?" he asks. "Haymore?"

"No, of course not. No one knows. No one here, at least. Except you. And that reporter. That's what he was using to threaten me."

"So you... what?" he says. "Decided to come back here on a whim? Decided to play spy or something?"

"I'm not spying," I say. "It's not like I can just run off and report everything I've seen here and have some mighty influential power sweep in and fix things. No one cares what my opinion is on the changes they've made here. And even if they did, there's nothing I or anyone I know can do about it."

"I don't get it," he says. He's truly agitated. Far more upset than I expected him to be at this stage. Deep down inside of me, I thought he might actually understand.

"I needed closure," I say. "But I couldn't just waltz over here and give myself the grand tour. Even if they let me have a look around, which I doubt, you know they would've been watching me. 'Oh, how's poor little Lou dealing with her family's downfall?' I needed to figure some things out, and I needed to do it on my own. Without every news outlet breathing down my neck." I'm starting to sound a little deranged, but I don't care. I'm exhausted. My body feels like it could give out at any minute. And Ward's looking at me in a way that breaks my heart.

"Look," I say desperately. "I know you don't think very highly of my family. Or anyone with money. But-"

"Is that what you think I'm upset about? The money?"

I tighten my arms across my chest. "I seem to remember some heated conversations in which you made your opinion on rich people very clear. Well, I don't have money anymore. And I probably won't for a long time." My mind is reeling. In spite of my fear, I thought he'd get it. I thought he might see where I was coming from.

He shakes his head. "Didn't you hear anything I just said to you? It's not the money. It's the attitude that the whole world revolves around you. The idea that you can get away with whatever you want, at anyone's expense, because of your name or the bills in your pocket. Did you ever once stop to think about the people who you were lying to?"

And there it is-the pain. In his eyes. In every rigid line of his body. This isn't some fairy tale where the lowly cowherd reveals himself as a prince and carries his true love off to his castle to live happily ever after. This is the real world.

"I wasn't trying to hurt you," I say. "Or anyone. I know I lied about my name, but I promise, everything else I said to you was true. Every joke. Every opinion. All of it."

"All of it? You didn't tell me half of it."

"You kept things from me, too," I whisper. "You hid the truth about your family."

"Yeah, I didn't give you my life story. But I never lied about my name."

"It's just a name."

"It's more than just a name, and you know it," he says. "But even if it were, you're okay with the fact that I've been calling you by some made-up name when we were fucking?"

Fucking. I flinch at the word.

"No, it's not okay. I hated it. But I didn't know how to tell you."

"It's simple. You should have just opened your mouth and told me."

It's not simple. I don't care what he says. I can't believe I thought he might understand this. I guess I'm an idiot on top of being a selfish, lying bitch.

I can feel the panic coming on. Feel it snaking up my arms and legs. I'm breathing too fast. I need to get out of here. I turn around and go for my clothes, snatching them up piece by piece.

Behind me, Ward lets out a breath. "Come on, Addi-Louisa." The name sounds strange coming from him.

"Come on, let's what?" I hear myself say. It doesn't sound like me. "Go over the ways in which I'm a terrible person? Don't worry. I get it." I pull my tank top over my head. "Forgive me for trying to open up to you."

"Don't be like that."

"Like what? Annoyed with myself for thinking you might understand? Screw it. I guess we're more different than I thought. But don't worry. You won't have to deal with me anymore." Even as I say it, I curse myself for turning this around on him. I deserve it. I brought this upon myself.

"Don't make this my fault. I'm not the one who lied." He seems to have realized that I'm not going to sit back down, so he's started reaching for his own clothes.

I throw up my hands. "I get it. I'm a terrible, selfish person. I lied about my name to protect myself and I didn't think about how that might make you feel. I'm used to doing whatever the heck I want to, and that makes me no different than Carolson and anyone else who's screwed you over." There are tears running down my cheeks, but I can't stop them. My heart is in my throat, trying to squeeze out my breath, but somehow I can't shut up. "I'm a bitch. A horrible, self-centered bitch. I lie. I use people. And I'm used to getting away with it."

I'm fully dressed now, and I turn and storm to the door. Ward calls to me, but I'm already on the stairs. Running.

It's easy to run. It hurts, at the end of the day, but it's easy. And it's kind of a pattern for me.

I hate this place. I hate the people here. I hate the spa and the crafts cottages and those stupid cherubs that are everywhere. They seem to mock me as I run past, laughing at me and pointing with their chubby fists. How did I ever delude myself into thinking that coming back here would be good for me? That it would help me find peace? It was self-torture, plain and simple. A way to pay my penance for the things I've done.

But it's over. I'm finished with it all. There's no hope for me.

I don't go back to my room. Instead, I let my feet carry me downstairs. My body seems to know what I want to do before my brain does. I find myself in front of a supply closet, and inside I find a can of the white paint they've been using to touch up the moldings.

My next stop is the formal dining room. I walk right up to the head table, plop down the can of paint, and look up at the portraits. My eyes lock on the one of Carolson. He's wearing his usual plastic smile in this picture. His perfect mask, devoid of all real emotion. But maybe the photographer was extra gifted, or maybe it's just because this image has been blown up to such a massive size, but I think I see something in his eyes, too-something proud and aloof. This is the man who destroyed everything. The man who took away my home. The man who screwed over Ward and his mother.

I turn and yank the lid off the paint can. I forgot to grab a brush, but that doesn't matter at this point. In one motion, I turn and throw the entire contents of the can up at the portrait. It hits with a splatter, speckling me and the ground and the wall on either side. The paint runs in globs down across Carolson's face, and it looks appropriately like a big wad of bird crap.

"Oh, I'm sorry," I say in a mocking voice. "How does it feel? How does it feel to have the world shit on you?" I back away slowly, but even I'm not disturbed enough to think that a portrait might answer me.

I take the long way back up to my room. Now that I've defaced the portrait, I feel strangely calm. I've finally made the decision to pack my things and leave this place. I feel lighter already.

Part of me expects-hopes-to find Ward waiting for me at my room, but there's no one there. It's better this way, I know. Ward was just another distraction, wasn't he? Another excuse to forget about the horrible things I've done. Now I've told him the truth, and his reaction was my answer.

Still, something in me aches as I throw my things in my suitcase. This was different. It wasn't like it was with Ian, when I took comfort and gave nothing in return.

I'm crying again as I zip up my suitcase. But they're quiet tears. I tell myself they're washing away all of these confusing emotions. Getting them out of my system. I need to get away from here. Away from my memories and from Carolson and from Ward. I need to go somewhere where I won't feel completely insane. Somewhere that won't erode my sanity from the inside out.

I reach up and touch my cheek, feel the wet tracks left by the tears. If only it were so easy to let everything fall away. Let the tears carry my emotions away. Let the skies open and flood all the toxicity out of this house. I glance up at the ceiling. If only the rain could seep down through the roof and-

And maybe I can't have rain, but that doesn't mean I can't get this place a little wet.

There's a sprinkler in here. There's one in every room-several in the larger ones. The sprinkler system was one of the many updates they had to make to the house to bring it up to code.

I don't stop to think. My hair straightener is still on the dresser. I switch it on and look around for something flammable while it heats up. After a few minutes I find the welcome packet Mr. Haymore gave me on my first day stashed under the bed. I yank it out and rip off a piece of paper.

It's a lot harder to set paper on fire with a straightener than I imagined it would be, but eventually it starts to smoke. The smell is awful, but I don't care. I leap up onto my bed and hold the stinky, smoldering piece of paper right beneath the sprinkler.

Please, let this work...

It takes a few minutes, but finally I'm rewarded by the fzzzz of it coming to life. Water rains down over me. And if the system's working properly, it should be starting to rain down in other places, too.

And right on cue, the fire alarm goes off. It's so loud I wince and nearly fall off the bed, but I manage to get down without breaking my neck. I grab my bag and head out into the hall.

It's chaos. People are shrieking, running out of their rooms in whatever they wore to bed. Some still look dazed and half-asleep, while others are wide-eyed and clutching prized possessions under their arms, trying to keep them dry. I walk calmly through them all.

But if I thought the employee hall was bad, it's nothing compared to the madness occurring on the hall where they put all the press people. They're just as confused as the staff members, probably more so, but most of them are still trying to get their equipment up and running so they can document this whole catastrophe.

"Where's the fire?" someone shouts down the hall in complete seriousness. "Anyone know what's going on?" These idiots are willing to charge headfirst toward a blaze for the chance at a good story.

Well, at least some of them are. It's not hard to spot Asher among the crowd-he's got a coat wrapped around what I'm assuming is his brand new fancy computer, but I suspect the sprinklers already did their damage. He looks pissed.

I smile a little to myself as I pass. Karma's a bitch.

And then I make my way down the stairs, ready for freedom.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Apparently, though, after I insisted on staying here against the advice of, well, everyone, the universe has decided that it's not going to let me escape this place easily.

Staff members and journalists have already started making their way out of the house by the time I slip through one of the side doors. Some are looking up at the house with curiosity, still trying to figure out where the fire is, if there's one at all. I spot Mr. Haymore (who's almost unrecognizable half-dressed as he is) running back and forth, his face looking dangerously purple. And there are the Carolsons, standing together-and the look of dismay on Edward Carolson's face is amazingly satisfying. I can only imagine the damage those sprinklers are causing right now. Carpets, furniture, decor-all getting drenched. Some of it will be completely ruined. I wouldn't be surprised if they have to consider pushing back the grand opening for a few weeks or so.

I stroll right past them. Everyone's too focused on the house to notice a single young woman walking down the drive toward the front gate.

But I'm not prepared for the very different kind of disaster I find at the entrance to the estate. The gate across the driveway is shut, as it normally is at this hour of the day, but there's a car just on the other side. A man has stepped out of the driver's seat, and he's having a very heated discussion with a couple of the security guards.

It's not until I get closer that I recognize the man. I freeze.

My brother's here. Calder's standing outside the gate, yelling at the poor security guards who appear to be trying to keep him off the premises. It doesn't take a brain surgeon to realize why he's here. Why he's insisting that the guards let him in. As if he senses my thoughts, he suddenly turns his head and looks right at me.

"Louisa!" he calls.

I don't know what to do. It was one thing to decide to leave Huntington Manor, but to face my brother... Now? After what I just did? If Calder finds out... I don't even want to know what he'll do. He'll freak. And I'll end up doing the exact thing I was trying to avoid: dragging him down into my mess. I don't want him to have to deal with this. He's happy now.

As if in answer to that thought, the passenger's side door of his car opens, and his fiancee climbs out. I think she calls something to me, too, but I'm still thirty yards away from the gate and I don't hear it. The blood is rushing in my ears. My hands have started to shake. I was so close to escaping, but I can't go out there. Not now.

There are footsteps behind me, and suddenly Mr. Haymore's at my side. He's out of breath.

"What the hell is going on here?" he says, waving toward the gate. He raises his voice. "Open those at once! The fire trucks are on their way!"

The guard looks from Calder to Mr. Haymore and beckons the latter one forward. My boss-former boss-makes an exasperated sound and marches toward the gate, but I stay where I am. My brother calls toward me again, but I can't move.

I don't hear the conversation they have at the gate. But I see the guard gesturing, my brother waving his arm. And then Mr. Haymore turns and looks back at me.

This is it, I realize. It's over. Mr. Haymore knows. My pulse is going crazy. I want to run away, back toward the house, but I can't. I'm trapped between two disasters of my own making.

In the distance, I can hear the sirens of the fire trucks. Considering the size of this place, I wouldn't be surprised if they've dispatched some cops as well.

My suitcase falls out of my hand, but I don't bother to pick it up. I turn and I bolt across the lawn.

There's a wall around the entire property, but there are places where it's low enough to climb over-assuming you're willing to get a few scrapes and bruises. I got more than my fair share as a kid. Unless they've refortified the walls, I should be able to get out now. That doesn't solve the problem of me not having a car to get back to Barberville, but I'll figure that part out later.

I'm halfway to the wall when I hear running behind me. I don't risk a glance back to see how many guards I have on my tail. I just push myself to run faster.

But as I thread my way through the trees along the edge of the property, it's clear I'm outmatched. My lungs are burning, and my body's so exhausted from lack of sleep and nourishment that my limbs are trembling. I'm afraid my muscles are just going to give out. But it's not until a hand reaches out and grabs me by the arm that I finally stumble and fall.

And then I fight. I kick, I scratch-but the guard is too strong for me. And then red-brown hair flashes before my eyes, and I freeze. The man on top of me isn't a guard. It's Ward. There's a cut on his cheek from one of my nails, but he doesn't seem to notice.

"Where do you think you're going?" he asks.

His eyes are hard. And darker than usual. I can only stare at them for a couple of seconds before breaking his gaze.

"I'm leaving," I say, struggling beneath him. "Let me up."

"By yourself?"

"Yes, by myself." I give a jerk of my arm. "In case you didn't notice back there, I caused a bit of a disturbance. Now let me go."

But he doesn't move. I shift my hips, trying to buck him off.

"Dammit, Ward, let me up!" I squirm again. "Or are you on their side now?"

"I'm not on their side," he insists. "I'm just trying to figure out what the hell is going on here."

"I set off the sprinkler system. My brother's out front, and now Mr. Haymore knows who I am. I need to get out of here."

He doesn't budge. I watch the emotions shift on his face. Confusion, anger, surprise-they're all there. And then his expression goes blank.

"Your car's out front, isn't it?" he says after a moment.

"Yeah, but so is my brother. And Mr. Haymore. And some cops, in a few minutes."

Something flickers in his eyes and his hands tighten on my wrists. He stares at me for a long moment, his lips drawn into a hard line. He's considering.

"Come on," I say, wriggling beneath him again. "Please, just let me up. I need to go. Please."

I don't care how desperate I sound. I am desperate.

"I know I lied to you," I continue. "I know you have no reason to want to help me. This is my fault. All of it. But... please. Please, just let me go."

His eyes soften slightly, and his mouth parts. For a single breathless second I think he might even lean down and kiss me, but instead, he climbs off of me.

"All right," he says, helping me up.

Once I'm on my feet, I try to pull away from him, but he refuses to release my fingers. For a long moment, he just stares at me. He looks like he wants to say something, but he doesn't utter a word, just continues to gaze into my eyes. Searching.

Finally he nods, as if he's come to some decision.

"This way," he says, then drags me through the trees.

I stumble after him, my hand still caught in his grasp. "Where are we going?"

"You need a way out of here, right?"

"Yeah, but there's a place over here where the wall-"

"There's more than one place where the wall is low. But there's only one spot where there's a car on the other side. We'll need one to get back to Barberville."

We? Wait-

"How is there a car?"

"It's mine."

"Out here? Why isn't it in the employee parking lot?"

"Well, that's a bit of a story," he says, still dragging me along. He must know I'm not about to let him leave it at that because he goes on. "Remember when I said my roommate kept kicking me out to have girls over?"

"Yeah, but-"

"Doesn't exist. Never had a roommate."

"What?"

"I've been secretly sleeping on the estate for a while now," he says. "Carolson offered me a room, but I didn't feel like taking any more of his charity than I absolutely had to. And then-well, it's a long story. Just suffice it to say that I needed a place to stay, and I took advantage of an opportunity. Of course, I wasn't really supposed to be here. And I didn't want word to get back to Carolson or Haymore that my car was mysteriously hanging out in the employee lot all night-the other guys had it out for me as it was. So I found somewhere else to park it."

"But it's all trees out here."

"There's an old service road around the outside of the property," he says. He looks over at me. "Shouldn't you have known that if you grew up here?"

It's the first reference he's made to our earlier conversation about my true identity. I don't know how to respond, except to say, "I didn't really care about that sort of thing as a kid."

Neither of us says another word as we make our way through the woods. His hand is still entwined in mine, and I try not to notice how wonderful it feels to have his skin against mine again. He might be willing to help me escape, but that doesn't erase the fact that I lied to him. We had a few blissful nights together, but that was it. And we can never go back to the way things were.

Finally, we get to the place where the wall has crumbled a little. He helps me over the old stones, and if his hands linger on my waist a little longer than they have to-well, I'm probably just imagining it.

Sure enough, there's a car waiting for us on the other side of the wall. It's an older model with grayish-blue paint. Not exactly the set of wheels I expected Ward to have. But there are a lot of things I won't know about Ward now.

I try to ignore the sadness in my chest as I hold out my hand for his keys. I can hardly bring myself to look at him, knowing it will end like this between us.

"No way," he says. "I'm driving."

I glance up at him. "You're-"

"Driving. Go on, get in. We probably don't have much time."

"No," I say. "I'm not dragging you into this. If you help me, they'll think you were partially responsible."

"It's too late now," he says. "I'm already in this."

"It's not too late. You can go back right now and no one will ever know."

He doesn't answer, but it's clear he's dead serious about this. He slides into the driver's seat, pops the keys in the ignition, and starts the car.

"You in?" he calls out to me. "I'm leaving whether you're with me or not."

I climb into the car, but only because I know there's no way he's going to listen to me while I'm still standing awkwardly outside. "Look, I-"

He cuts me off with a kiss. It's a deep one, wild and passionate and full of so many emotions it makes something shudder in my chest.

I pull back. "You can't just-"

He kisses me again, harder this time. I try to protest, to insist that he's being a complete idiot, but he won't let me get a word in. He kisses and kisses me, stealing the words from my lips one by one. By the time he finally pulls away, I've forgotten all of my arguments.

His thumb drifts along the line of my jaw.

"I'm not going to let you go off on your own," he says, and it's clear from his tone that nothing I might say could change his mind. "This place was bad for both of us."

He leans away from me, determination written all over his expression, and cranks the car into gear. I stare at him as he backs up the car. He's really going to do this. Really going to leave with me. Even after all the crap I've pulled.

I wasn't sure he'd forgive me for lying to him. And maybe he hasn't yet. But if he's here, it means he's willing to try. He's willing to give me the benefit of the doubt and trust that I can be a better person. That I'm more than the lie.

I'm not sure whether I deserve it or not. I'm not sure whether or not I deserve him, especially when he glances over at me and gives me one of those brilliant grins of his. Butterflies dance in my stomach. Maybe I don't deserve him now, but I will. I'll sort myself out. For him.

I don't know what to say, but I don't need to. His hand reaches down and finds mine as he steps on the gas.

I'm ready, his fingers say to mine. Let's run.

And we do.

