Chapter One

Laurelyn Prescott

Thank God for Valium.

I feel guilty for taking a mind-altering drug so I can deal with the feelings I'm having about leaving Jack Henry-especially after everything I went through with my mom's addiction. But I need an escape from the torment in my head. It's a temporary fix-I knew that when I took it-and I have no idea how I'll cope with my feelings once I'm home without the effects of the medication to help me.

It kills me to admit it, but I think I might understand how my mom's addiction started. I see how the path might be an easy one to follow when all you can see is darkness. This is a huge red flag for me. I'll love Jack Henry until I draw my last breath, but I won't allow myself to walk the same path as my mother-no matter how tempting.

Our grueling flight from Sydney lands at LAX and I immediately notice the distinct smell of Los Angeles-fuel and smog-when our jet bridge attaches. It's the same odor that caught my attention when we connected here with our flight to Australia three months earlier. Wow. That was such a different time in my life.

We fight our way out of the crowded terminal and find Addison's parents waiting for us at baggage claim. She's going home for two weeks to spend time with them before she comes back to Nashville. This means I'll be alone in our apartment for the next fourteen days. I'm not so sure that's a good thing.

The Donavons welcome their daughter with open arms-and me too. They love me like a daughter and I think about how perfect it could've been if I'd fallen in love with their son instead of a man who never wants to see me again. My relationship with Ben could've gone much differently. Who knows what might have happened between us had I not stumbled upon Jack Henry McLachlan in that bathroom hallway? But I did, and it isn't possible for me to be sorry about it. To regret meeting the man I love would be to wish him away, and I can never do that. The excruciating pain I feel in my heart is worth even the briefest time we had together.

Addison looks at me like we'll never see one another again. "I really wish you'd come with me. I hate to see you go home like this."

"I'll be fine, Addie." She has no idea how experienced I am with finding ways to cope when life has treated me a little too cruelly. "My mom would be really disappointed if I didn't come home today."

"Yeah...but promise me you won't spend the next two weeks sitting in the apartment thinking about him."

"I promise I'm not going to do that," I lie. I fake a smile to reassure her. "I'm jumping head first into my music as soon as I'm back. It'll be a good distraction."

"You know I don't believe you." She's wearing that look I hate so much. Pity. Grrr.

"I'm not breakable, Addie. I'm a tough cookie. Yes, I'm sad about leaving him but I'll get over it. It's not the end of the world." Lie. Lie. Lie. There's something wrong with me. I can't even tell my best friend how shattered I am. Why am I not able to let anyone in? Except Jack Henry...he's the only one in this world who has broken through, who knows the real me.

"We'll talk every day while I'm gone." She squeezes me tightly as we say goodbye and whispers in my ear, "I'll need to know you're okay."

I hate the way she makes me sound-like I'm self-destructive. It pisses me off. "Shit, Addie! My life isn't over because I'm not with him. Yes, I'm going to miss Lachlan." I wish I didn't have to call him that with her. "Missing him is okay-it's normal-but it doesn't mean I'm gonna lie down and die." The words sound really good coming out of my mouth. I wish they were true.

She's smiling. I think that means she's pleased by my feisty retort but she doesn't realize she's poking an unstable beast with her invisible stick. "Good. That's exactly what I needed to hear from you."

"I'll be okay."

"I just needed to know post-Lachlan Laurelyn isn't going to be like post-Blake Laurelyn."

Psst. Post-Blake Laurelyn has nothing on post-Jack Henry Laurelyn but I can't let her know that so I'll have to get my shit together before she comes back to Nashville. "No worries, Addie."

"I feel marginally better about letting you go home alone now, but I meant what I said about talking every day."

She looks relieved. Did she really buy what I'm selling? Damn, I'm better at this than I thought.

When we part ways, I'm left by myself. Again. Like always.

While waiting in the terminal, I decide to check in. "Hey, Mom."

"Hey, baby girl." Something about those words always puts me at ease.

"I just wanted to let you know we made it fine. I'll be boarding for Nashville in about an hour, so I'll need you to pick me up around one."

"I'll be there. I can't wait to see you and hear everything about your trip." Dammit! Am I going to admit that I went to Australia and fell in love with a man I'll never see again?

"I can't wait to see you, either." I don't think I have a choice. Every moment of my three months in Australia practically revolved around Jack Henry. I won't have much to share if I don't tell her about us. "We have a lot to talk about, Mom."

"I have things to tell you too." Uh-oh. That statement could only precede what my mom thinks of as good news. I really don't need more shit at this point in my life and I'm positive I don't want to hear about whatever it is before I board this flight. "Okay. You can surprise me after I'm home."

"Sounds like a plan."

I end the call and my mind immediately spins with all the things she might tell me. She sounded really happy. It's gonna be something about him. I know it is, without a doubt. She was too giddy for it to be anything else.

For the first time in my life, I'm not pissed off at her for being so in love with him. I understand it now-how she can still be so consumed by him after all these years. Is that what I can expect the rest of my life to be like? I'll never forget the love I have for Jack Henry. Never.

My mom has been forced to look at me-the child she shares with the man she loves-almost every day for twenty-three years. I make it impossible for her to forget him, especially since I'm his mini-me all the way down to his brown hair and light brown eyes. Not an ounce of my mom's blond and green.

Maybe living without Jack Henry won't be as bad for me since I won't have his child as a daily reminder of what we once had. The thought reminds me of what he told me the first time we talked about birth control. I don't want you leaving here with my ankle-biter in your belly. That night feels like a million years ago.

He doesn't think so now-because he's trying to be selfless-but one day he'll marry another woman and give her his children. Margaret will see to it. I'm certain of it. And the thought breaks my heart because I want to be the one to have his babies.

Oh, shit-my birth control pills. I remember taking them out of the nightstand drawer. Did I leave them on the bed? I was so distracted throwing things into suitcases before Jack Henry could come home for a lunchtime romp. Stupid, you told yourself to not forget them and you did anyway.

There's nothing I can do about it now. I'll run by the pharmacy as soon as I get home. I'll be two days behind by the time I'm able to get my hands on another pack. Taking more than one at a time is gonna make me feel blah-that extra dose of hormones always does that to me-but it should at least keep me from being pregnant. Maybe.

I look at my phone in my hand and I can't help myself-I have to see his face now that I don't have Addison interpreting my every move. I look at the first picture I ever took of Jack Henry. It's the one where he's driving us to Avalon, the top down on the convertible after we went into town for condom shopping. I giggle aloud as I remember my shock at seeing how many he bought. I look around the terminal to see if anyone is looking at me like I'm crazy. I don't care-maybe I am a little on the mental side. If I'm not today, I have a feeling I will be before much longer.

I disembark in Nashville and see the top of my mom's blond head in the distance. She's tall so she's easy to spot and I'm relieved to see she's alone. I almost expected her to have him with her, although deep down, I knew it was an unrealistic possibility.

She wraps me in her arms and I realize I need her in a way I never have before. I long to tell her everything about Jack Henry. I want her to reassure me that it's all going to be okay. Even if it's a lie, I'm desperate for her to tell me I'll go on and one day be fine without him.

"Mmm," she groans as she squeezes tightly. "I'm happy to have my girl back."

"I missed you, Mom. It's good to be home."

She steps back but holds on to my hands, stretching my arms to study me. "You look different, Laurie."

She has no idea how different I am from the girl she saw three months ago. "I'm tanned."

"Yes, you got a lot of color, but that's not it."

I don't know what she thinks is physically different about me. It's not possible for her to see the pain in my heart. "You're right. There's a lot that's different about me now."

"And I can't wait to hear all about it. How about a late lunch? You can tell me everything."

"Sure. Sounds great."

She takes me to my favorite Mexican restaurant and my mouth begins to water when I smell the spicy aroma coming from the kitchen. It's a hole in the wall but the food is authentic. I've missed it. Since it's midafternoon, they're not busy and we take our usual booth in the corner. "Laurie, I have some wonderful news."

I guess that means she's going first and what I have to say about Australia and Jack Henry will wait until she's finished. "Okay. I'm listening."

"It's about me and your dad." She looks ecstatic so I'm guessing he's given her some sort of attention or sign of affection. If that's what this is about, she's pathetic. And I'm following right in her footsteps. "You know he came to see me while you were in Australia..."

"Yeah. You said he wanted to meet me."

"And he did. He still does. But things between us have changed while you've been away. We've reconnected."

Reconnected. That translates into one thing: she's sleeping with him again and judging from that stupid grin on her face, she couldn't be happier about it. "What about his wife?"

I can see that she doesn't care much for me asking about Mrs. Beckett. "He doesn't love her. He might have very early in their marriage, but that was a lifetime ago."

And that's why he's married to her instead of you. "And I guess he always loved us and it was agony pretending we didn't exist for the past twenty-three years."

I'm being a total bitch and I should stop. I'm certain I'd be as big a fool if Jack Henry showed up in my life years down the road. It probably wouldn't matter to me if he was married. I'm sure I'd crawl into his bed if he asked me to. "I'm sorry, Mom. That was a terrible thing for me to say. I'm really happy for you. I hope he gives you everything you've wanted all these years."

Our conversation is one-sided. I listen to her go on and on about my father, as though she's my best friend from high school talking about her boyfriend. It's uncomfortable. I don't want to hear about my mom doing a married man-or any man at all-even if he is my father.

She never once mentions Australia, so I don't, either. This is just another fine example of the way my mom puts herself before everyone-except him. He will always come first.

I needed her to act like a mother today-to listen and guide me-but as usual, I'm playing the role of her confidante. And it hurts. "You know what, Mom? I'm really exhausted after my flight. Can you take me to my apartment and we'll talk about this later?"

"Of course, baby."

But she doesn't wait until later to talk about him. She continues telling me things I don't want to know about their relationship and I stare out the window trying to drown out the things she's saying.

My phone alerts me to a text message. Addison.

*Make it home ok?*

I quickly thumb a reply as I ignore the things my mom is saying about my dad.

*On way to apt now*

There's almost no delay in Addison's response.

*Love U. Call if U need anything.*

Maybe I should've gone home with her instead of coming back to Nashville. I'm definitely rethinking that decision as Jolie goes on and on about her affair with Jake Beckett.

*U2 and I will. But I'm ok.*

I couldn't resist adding that last part.

My mom helps me with my luggage and I immediately notice how stagnant the apartment smells. I'll need to open windows tomorrow and air the place out.

Thankfully, Jolie doesn't stick around. I've heard way more than I want to about her and my sperm donor.

I shut the door after she leaves and the clicking sound of the deadbolt confirms I'm completely alone. I lean against the door and look around. Nothing has changed. The brown leather sofa is right where we left it pushed against the wall. The beige carpet still looks freshly vacuumed. But one thing has changed-I'm not the same person I was when I was here last. I had no idea what it was to desperately love or to be devastatingly hurt. Now, I know both.

I don't know how long I stand there with my back pressed against the front door. It could've been seconds, or maybe hours. Elements of time are indistinguishable in the dark place I've entered without Jack Henry in my life.

At some point, I become a pathetic pile on the floor, my cheek pressed against the cold ceramic tile. I squeeze the tip of my nose because it's freezing and I shiver against the cold March wind blowing through the open space at the bottom of the doorjamb. I sit up to look out the window. It's getting dark, so it's only going to get colder as the sun goes down.

I switch on the heat but decide the best way to warm up is a shower. I turn the water to full-blast hot and the bathroom quickly fills with steam. I adjust the temperature and step under the warmth pelting down. It feels good against my weary body but does nothing to ease my mind. All I can think about is each and every time Jack Henry was in the shower with me. I remember the way he made me feel when he worshipped my body. I'm desperate to feel that way again but I never will. And I don't know how I'll deal with that.

When I finish showering, I dress in one of Jack Henry's T-shirts that I stole-the one he was wearing before we went to bed together for the last time. I bring it to my nose and inhale deeply. I fall into bed because exhaustion has become my master. I will spend the night alone for the first time in more than two months. It's a strange feeling, and I don't like it.

Jack Henry would've already gone to bed without me for the first time. I can't keep myself from wondering if he missed me as he lay next to my empty spot. Did he wake and reach for me before he remembered I was no longer there? I wish I knew if he lost any sleep over me.

I feel the tears coming and I can do nothing to hold them back. I'm alone so there's no reason to try. A scream threatens to burst from my throat. I bury a pillow over my face to muffle it because I don't want to alarm the neighbors. I kick my legs against my mattress like an irate toddler. I'd be admitted to the loony bin if anyone were to witness my mad fit. But it needs to come out. I'm in so much agony.

He could've asked me to stay but he didn't. I told him I loved him and he couldn't say it back. That's because it would've been a lie, and pretending is one thing we didn't do.

I can't help myself. It's one lie I wouldn't have minded at all.

Chapter Two

Jack McLaclan

No brunettes. I can never see another one without thinking of her. Laurelyn has ruined all of them for me. Forever. And she's ruined me as well. That's why I'm drunk off my arse in this hotel bar. I have to be if I'm going to do the only thing that might make losing her less painful. Find number fourteen, take her upstairs, and f**k her until I drive Laurelyn out of my head.

I was plastered five shots ago, so now I'm on shot number oblivion. I toss it back and slam the glass on the counter. "Another." The bartender gives me a sideways glance as he's deciding if he'll cut me off, so I reach into my wallet and drop a fat bill for him. "I said another."

I turn around on the barstool to begin my search. I have the hotel room. All I need now is a woman who doesn't recognize me. Number fourteen.

I scan the room like I always do and begin by taking inventory. I see a few decent-looking blonds, maybe a redhead or two, but none of them hold a candle to her. No one ever will.

I've lost the only thing that ever made me feel alive.

My thoughts drift to the place in my head where only Laurelyn resides, so I don't notice when someone takes the seat next to me. I'm brought out of my trance when I hear her voice. "Waiting on someone?"

I turn to the voice's owner and see an attractive blond with chin-length hair set in loose curls, her bright blue eyes displaying no recognition of who I am. Probably midthirties. Maybe closer to forty and dressed like a professional in a sheath dress and fitted jacket. She's just my usual type. Before Laurelyn.

I shake my head. "No one in particular. Just here to find a little company."

She smiles. "Me too. Maybe we can keep each other company."

Because I'm drunk, I have no reason to think I'm going to put this out there in an appealing manner. I don't know. Maybe I want to f**k it up so she'll blow me off. "I'm not your normal kind of company. I have very specific requirements for the women I date. The first of which is that I won't tell you my real name and I don't want to know yours. Honestly, I really only want to f**k and have a little fun for a few weeks and then I never want to see you again."

I wait for the slap or for her to get up and leave, but neither happens. "My, my. Aren't we a direct one?"

"I say what's on my mind because I don't have time for silly games." Isn't that what I told Laurelyn after she asked me if I was missing my filter?

"Okay."

What? Really? She's saying okay to that shit? "You're up for it?"

"Sure. You're hot and I need a distraction."

"A distraction from what?"

"The man I love." She glances down at her drink as she sloshes it around. "He doesn't feel the same. What's your deal?"

I won't talk about the one I love with another woman, especially not one I'm about to have meaningless sex with. Even I know that's not right.

"No deal. I'm just not into commitment or contact after I'm finished with a woman."

"I respect your honesty." She swallows the last of her girly drink. "You want to go upstairs?"

"That's why I'm here." I throw back my shot and get up from the stool. I'm a little unstable so she reaches out to steady me.

"You okay?"

I work to get myself straight so I don't blow this because it's what I need. It's what I have to do to get her out of my mind. "Yeah. I'm good. We don't have to stop for a room. I've already got one."

We ride the elevator to the third floor. I'm shocked I'm able to find the room because I'm so wasted. She has to take the keycard to open the door because I'm too uncoordinated to slide it in and pull it out. Let's hope that doesn't apply to my cock.

We go into the room together and I play tag with the walls before falling backward onto the bed. I close my eyes for what feels like a second and when I open them again, the nameless blond has stripped down to her knickers and bra and is straddling me.

She reaches behind to unfasten her bra and then takes my hands and puts them on her br**sts. They look good, but even drunk, I still know they're fake because they don't feel anything like Laurelyn's.

Damn! I can't even get her out of my head when I have two palms full of tits.

She leans down to kiss me and I turn my head so that her mouth lands on my jaw. She makes no haste in trailing kisses down my neck. I shut my eyes because I don't want to look at her.

She unbuttons my shirt and tells me to sit up so she can pull it off. I do as she says and then I fall back onto the bed again. Her hands slide up and down my chest. "I'm glad I stumbled upon you. You are super-hot."

Her mouth starts at my upper chest and makes its way down to my stomach. She tugs to open the button of my trousers and then pulls the zipper down. I'm drunk as f**k, but I somehow manage to get it up. "Well, well. It could be a happy birthday for me after all." She tugs until all my clothes are a rumpled memory on the floor. After she finishes, she pushes her knickers down and kicks them to where her dress is lying in a puddle.

She climbs back on top of me and produces a condom from somewhere. I assume from her own supply since she hasn't asked me where mine is. I hear her tear it open and then feel her hands rolling it down over me. I reach up to rub my closed eyes because all I can see is Laurelyn in the pitch black behind my lids. Dammit! I want to forget her and I know this is the way, so why is it not working? Why am I still seeing her? Missing her? Loving her?

I feel the blonde's hand around me and know she's going to slide onto my c**k any second if I don't stop her, so I jerk up in the bed and shove her off. "I'm sorry. I can't do this with you."

I get up and start dressing as she stares at me. She says nothing and when I'm fully clothed, I don't glance in her direction. "The room is paid for. You can stay if you want."

When I'm outside the door, I take my mobile from my pocket but it isn't Daniel I call. I want to talk to my brother; I need him. "Evan, I need you to come get me."

"Do you know what time it is?" he grumbles.

"No, and I don't give a shit. Come pick me up at the Langford."

I get into the passenger side of my brother's kiddie-hauling SUV. He takes one look at me and shakes his head as he begins laughing. "You look like shit."

Just what I need to hear. "Fuck you."

He looks me over. "What the hell have you been doing?"

I stare out the window. "I don't want to talk about it."

"Well, then why did you call me to come get you at this time of night if you didn't want to talk? It's not like you don't have Daniel on salary to drive your drunk arse home."

I'm starting to regret calling him. I don't know what I was thinking. "Maybe I should have."

"Yeah, that's right. Maybe you should have." He pulls out onto the street in the direction of my apartment. "When did you get back into town?"

"Today."

"Mum's going nuts trying to get you. She's dying to know what happened with Laurelyn." I don't reply. "That's what all of this is about, isn't it? You asked her to stay and she told you no."

"You're wrong."

"Then what happened?"

It hurts to say it. "She left without telling me goodbye."

"Fuck! That bitch is cold."

"Don't call her that," I warn my brother. "You don't know anything about the way it went down."

"Does it matter if she f**ked off without telling you so much as kiss my arse?"

"Yeah, it sort of does matter. It makes all the difference in the world. We had a complicated relationship topped off with a stupid misunderstanding."

"How complicated could it be? She was here for three months. You hung out, had a good time, and she went home."

I can't believe I'm about to tell him the truth. Maybe it's because I'm drunk. I don't know. "It was much more than that. We had an agreement. She didn't know my real name. I didn't know hers. She was supposed to be my companion for three months until she went home. I insisted, and she agreed, we'd never have contact again once she was gone. But things didn't go according to plan. I found out her first name. She found out my whole name. She told me she loved me but I was too stubborn to hear her because I'm a f**king idiot. She couldn't tell me goodbye and I let her get away without telling her how I felt."

"So, you find her and tell her."

He thinks it's so easy. "That's sort of hard to do when you don't know the full name of who you're searching for."

"Bro, that is messed up. Why would you do that?"

Evan doesn't get what my life is like. He walked away from the vineyards and chose a simple life with a nine-to-five job so he could have Emma. "Because women love rich men. I grew tired of being used. I've been doing this for years and it's always worked out fine. Until Laurelyn."

"She didn't know who you were or that you had a shitload of money?"

"Not until I brought her home with me after Dad got sick."

"Mum is going to be so pissed off. She was already planning your wedding and naming your kids."

He didn't have to remind me. "I know. She fell as much in love with Laurelyn as I did."

"So did my wife and kids. Celia still talks about her. Mila probably would if she could talk."

I can't believe I'm about to ask him this. "How did you know Emma was the one?"

He hesitates and I wonder if he's going to tell me. I can't say I'd blame him if he refused. "You can't use anything I tell you against me. I mean it. No throwing this shit up in my face later because you think it's funny."

"No, man. You have my word."

"We'd dated for several months but had broken up over something stupid. I saw her out with another guy. I don't know how to describe the way it felt. Hurt. Sick. Pissed off. Desperate. And that's just the short list. All he had to do was look at her and I wanted to choke the shit out of him with my bare hands."

I think of how I'd been out of my mind with jealousy the past three months. I wanted to beat the hell out of Ben Donavon, Swinger Chris, and Blake Phillips. "Yeah, that sounds more than a little bit familiar."

"Jack, you don't always know the true worth of a woman's love until it becomes a memory." That's pretty deep stuff coming from my little brother. "Nothing speaks louder than your heart. Listen to what it's telling you. You don't need me to tell you how you'll know if she's the one."

"My heart's not telling me anything. It's screaming in desperation to find Laurelyn and tell her how much I love her."

"Bro, you're a rich f**ker. Call out the bloodhounds and go get your girl. She can be found for the right amount of money."

Evan's right. Laurelyn can be located for a price, and I know just the guy for the job.

It's late, but I don't care. I take my mobile out and dial the familiar number. "Callaghan Investigations."

"Jim, it's Jack McLachlan. I have a job for you, and it's a big one. Do you have a current passport?"

The doorbell rings and I open my eyes, cursing the sunlight that mocks me through the window. I reach my hand out as I've done every morning for the last week and find the spot next to me empty. Even after a full week, I'm still not used to finding her gone.

My head pounds after getting so smashed last night, and the zealous ringing of the doorbell isn't helping matters. I want to yell for the person to stop and go away but I know raising my voice will only make things worse. The nightstand clock glows 7:18. Granted, this is sleeping in for me, but who the hell would be at my apartment this early on a Saturday morning? No one knows I'm in Sydney except Evan, so it can only mean one thing. He told Mum, and now she's here to jump my shit because he still thinks it's funny as hell to get me in trouble with her. That's what I get for calling that little f**ker.

I open the front door and Margaret McLachlan storms past me. Oh, f**k! This isn't going to go well. "Please come in, Mum."

"Don't give me your smart-arse mouth. I've been trying to reach you all week and you've avoided my calls. It's a shame I had to hunt you down like this just to find out what happened."

"It's harvest time. I don't have to tell you how busy things can get."

"It's been days since Laurelyn was scheduled to leave and I haven't heard from you. I've been about to lose my mind wanting to know what's gone on, but since you've been avoiding me, I'm fairly certain I can guess. You screwed it up with her, didn't you?"

And here we go. "Yes. I messed up."

She puts her hands on her hips and looks up toward the ceiling as she sighs loudly. "She told you that she loved you?"

How could she know that? Is she guessing? "Yes."

"And what did you tell her in return?" She's giving me that look like she's going to strangle me if I don't give her the answer she wants. I hope my neck is prepared for the wringing it's about to receive.

"I didn't tell her anything." And then I f**ked her.

She seems surprised by my lack of response for Laurelyn's confession of love. "Oh. Then it seems I owe you an apology. I went to see her a few weeks ago at Avalon. She told me she loved you-and I thought you felt the same-so I encouraged her to tell you. I wouldn't have done that if I'd known you didn't have feelings for her."

"But I do, Mum. I love Laurelyn very much."

I see the confusion on her face. "Then I don't understand. Why did you not tell her and ask her to stay? It would've been the perfect opportunity."

I doubt she's going to take this well. "I don't date women who say those kinds of things so I was caught off guard. I thought about it night and day for a week and I was finally able to admit to myself how I felt. I was on my way to tell her about my feelings, to ask her if she'd stay, when I discovered she was gone without a goodbye. Mum, she left without knowing that I love her."

Her expression tells me she isn't pleased. "I don't understand. It's been a week. Why have you not gone after her? Or at least called to declare your love?"

This is it. I can't lie my way out of what happened with Laurelyn. More importantly, I don't want to anymore. I despise lies and pretending; they cost me the woman I love.

Fuck, Mum's gonna be pissed. "I have to tell you something and you're not going to be happy with me about it."

She's glaring at me. "I'm quite put out with you already, son."

"I know, and it's about to get worse." I feel like a kid again, fessing up about something juvenile. Only this isn't juvenile. It's adult and very serious. "When Laurelyn and I began dating, we had no expectations of ever becoming more than a temporary relationship. We both knew she was in Australia for three months so we agreed to date and have fun together during that time. No strings attached."

She looks annoyed. "You've already told me that."

I brace myself for the worst. "I did but that's not all of it. I didn't tell her my real name when we met. I didn't want her to know because I didn't want contact of any kind with her after our relationship ended. Using an alias was the one way I could ensure she wouldn't track me down afterward. She was pretty pissed when I first told her what I wanted, but she eventually agreed. Since she didn't know my real name, she chose to not tell me hers."

"Laurelyn isn't her name?" she asks, her expression puzzled.

"Laurelyn is her first name. I accidentally discovered it when her friend let it slip, but her last name, Beckett, is an alias. She never told me her last name."

I can almost see my mum's brain in action as she pieces everything together. "But you brought her home to meet us and she called you Jack Henry."

"There was no hiding my identity when we came to see Dad at the hospital, so I told her the truth about myself later that night," I explain. "From that moment on, she knew everything about me."

"But you never thought she was important enough to ask her last name?" She's raising her voice at me. "Even after she knew who you were?"

I hesitate in answering because she isn't going to like my response. "Her last name didn't matter to me because I didn't intend on changing our plans just because she knew who I was. I didn't love her then."

"Bullshit!" she yells at me. "You were in love with that girl when you brought her into my house. I knew it the minute I saw the two of you together. And she was so obviously in love with you. She might not have told you yet, but you'd have to be a fool to not see it."

I can't argue with her assessment because I've most certainly been a fool.

I prop my arms on the cold granite countertop and lean over, closing my eyes. I'd like to put my head down against the cool to see if I can find some relief because it hurts like a motherfucker. "I chose to not see it because I didn't want to fall in love with her."

"But you did anyway."

"Yeah, I did, and she left without saying goodbye, before I could tell her."

"I can not believe you, Jack Henry!" Mum picks up her purse to smack me several good times. Hard. She's the only mother I know who would use her handbag to beat her thirty-year-old son. "She lived with you and shared your bed and you never asked her last name?" She draws back and whacks me again. Shit! She's really mad.

I don't deflect the purse flying at me because it's her way of releasing her anger. It's really sort of humorous, but I'd never make the mistake of laughing at Margaret McLachlan when she's in one of her fits. "That poor girl must've been so hurt. I can't say I really blame her for slipping away without a goodbye. I'd have probably done the same thing if I'd told a man I loved him and he stared blankly at me."

"I didn't stare blankly at her."

"Then what did you do?"

I hang my head in shame with the thought of how I f**ked her afterward. "You don't want to know." I go to the drawer where I keep the medicines so I can get something for my headache. "I know how stupid I've been, Mum. But I'm gonna make it right with Laurelyn. I know lots of other things about her life that will lead us to her."

"Who's us?"

"I've hired someone to go to the States to find her. A private investigator." I leave off the particulars about my extensive use of his services and why I know he'll find her for me in no time at all.

"You should be the one to go after Laurelyn. It'll mean more to her if you do," she argues.

"I wish I could, but I don't have the necessary skills to track her down."

"Son, I'm not sure finding her is going to be your biggest problem. You've hurt her in a terrible way. She may not forgive you, so it might be smart to prepare yourself for rejection."

The thought of Laurelyn rejecting me is painful but it's a reality I can't ignore. "I'm going to do everything in my power to make it up to her because I hate what me without her looks like. I'm going to win her back, and when I do, I'm never letting her go again."

I think she suspects what I'm implying but I decide to clear it up for her so there's no misunderstanding. "I don't want to ever spend another day without Laurelyn. When I find her, I'm going to ask her to be my wife."

Chapter Three

I stand in front of the mirror and look at myself. I look like hell.

I smudge coverup under my eyes to disguise the dark circles but there's no hiding the misery there. No amount of makeup is going to camouflage that. I pointlessly sweep some blush across my cheeks, but it only makes my face appear more sunken and my eyes bigger. I don't have to get on the scales to know I've lost weight. If my face doesn't prove it, my loose clothes do.

My food situation is almost nonexistent but I can't make myself go grocery shopping. It doesn't matter anyway. I can't eat. The pizza I ordered two nights ago is still sitting almost untouched in the fridge. A few bites-that's all I could force down before it almost sent me running to the bathroom. That's what I'm reduced to. I miss him so badly, the misery of being away from him makes me sick.

I know I can't continue like this. I'm still waiting for it to get better. Come on, it has to get better at some point, right?

I've survived almost two weeks without Jack Henry. It's day twelve I've been without his touch, without hearing his voice, without feeling him next to me in bed at night. It hasn't been easy. If I'm being truthful, it's been the worst hell I've ever experienced in my life-well beyond any pain I've ever felt before.

My mother has begged me all week to come over to see her-and my father. She's so happy about being reunited with his married ass. Even having not been taught how wrong it is to be with a married man, I still know it's not right. The only good part of her obsession is that she's been too wrapped up in him to come by to check on me.

I sigh as I finish my makeup and assess the situation. It's a poor one, I'm afraid. I look miserable and I'm certain Blake is going to believe it's all for him. It sickens me to think of seeing him today, but I can't hide in this apartment for the rest of my life. I have a career that requires attention. My manager, David, was very clear when he told me to get my ass straightened out and down to the label to salvage what career I have left. It's either do as he says, or he's dropping me. I can't allow that to happen.

I recall his words and want to puke. Laurelyn, you kiss Blake's ass or whatever it takes to make this right.

Nothing is going to make this right. It sickens me further that my future and career is dependent on Blake Phillips. He holds the power to ruin me if he tells the right industry people that I walked out on him during the recording. No one will care about the circumstances leading up to why I did it.

I make the drive to the studio and sit in my car for a few minutes gathering my thoughts-and strength-before I get out. It's not Blake I'm nervous about. It's the idea of reentering my old life, my life before Jack Henry. I'm overwhelmed by the thought of entering that building because it feels like I'm going backward. I hate it.

I look at his picture on my phone, stroking my finger over his five o'clock shadow and remembering how stubbly his face would feel at the end of the day, especially by the time he came to bed. Oh, how I miss its roughness against my face. My stomach. My inner thighs. My...

I have to stop this. As much as I'd like to, I can't sit in my car outside the studio and mind-fuck Jack Henry all day.

I take a deep breath and straighten my shoulders before I walk into the building leading to my past. I'm waiting for the elevator when I feel a presence behind me. I know it's him-Blake. I don't have to look to know but I pretend I don't realize anyone is there. He doesn't say a word and I wonder if it's because he didn't know I was coming and he's shocked to see me. I hope he's speechless because he's ashamed of what he did to me.

When the doors ding open, I step inside and he follows me. We're alone in the small space. Thank God it's only for the brief ride up to the twelfth floor because the tension is suffocating.

My eyes are locked straight ahead and I say nothing. I see him in my peripheral vision, blatantly staring at me, but I don't acknowledge him. I pretend he's invisible-because that's what he is to me.

"Laurelyn," he says as he reaches for my arm. I step back so he misses it. "Don't be this way. I've missed you."

I escape him through the opening doors without uttering a word. We'll speak soon enough when I'm forced to talk to him about our recording contract-and I will talk business-but I refuse to address personal things or our past. As far as I'm concerned, there's nothing to discuss.

David is waiting in the studio, and he crosses the distance between us. Despite his anger, he embraces me. "Laurelyn, I'm very happy you came. I wasn't sure you'd show but I'm glad to see you're here."

It's good to see David. He has been a presence in my life for a long time and I've missed him. He knows nothing about the things that occurred between Blake and me, and that's the way I plan to keep it. I don't want him to be disappointed in me for jeopardizing my career by becoming involved with my producer-married or not.

Word of my return travels fast and people are in and out of the studio to see if the rumor is true. I'm greeted by those I once saw on a daily basis, but then the dust settles and there's business to discuss.

I count on David to handle the details for me, and he does like the beast of a manager he is. In under an hour, there's an agreement reached. Things went well-better than I could've ever imagined-and tomorrow, we'll return to recording the album I walked away from four months ago.

Perhaps Blake carries some guilt for what he did to me and that's why he was so willing to negotiate with us. Even I have to admit that he didn't have to do that; I was the one in breach of our contract.

As I'm waiting to catch a ride down, I'm feeling pretty shitty about having just sacrificed myself and everything I believe for the sake of making my dreams come true. But it's the viciousness of the industry. Sometimes we have to do things we don't want to do in order to get ahead. I just have to get through this recording and then hope I never have to lay eyes on Blake Phillips's ass again.

I step into the tiny space that'll take me to the ground floor. Blake follows again, and there's nothing I can do but ride down with him. We're alone, but I don't expect him to stand there and say nothing while he stares at me. He slithered in here for a reason.

"I'm glad to have you back."

Oh, hell to the no. "Let's be crystal clear about one thing. You don't have me back. Not like that."

"I just meant that I'm happy you're home in Nashville where you belong instead of halfway around the world wherever you were."

Who is he to think he knows where I belong? "I was nine thousand miles away and it still wasn't far enough away from you to suit me."

He runs his finger down my arm. I used to love when he did that, but now it makes me sick. "Laurie, don't be that way. You missed me. I know it and you know it."

I look him dead in the eyes for the first time. "You're wrong."

He smirks and I want to throat punch him. "You thought going away would get me off your mind but that didn't happen, did it?"

I start laughing because there's no possible way to avoid finding this asshat anything but ridiculous. "I was only in Australia for six hours before I met a real man. I spent three months with him and I assure you that you weren't on my mind while he was f**king me hard and making me come over and over."

I see the lust in his eyes as he closes in on me. He forces me into the corner and presses his body against mine. "Well, it'll be impossible for him to f**k you hard and make you come from wherever he is, so it looks like you'll be needing another man for that job."

Is he seriously suggesting he'd be the man to do that? "You have someone you'd like to recommend? Because you sure never f**ked me hard or made me come once."

We reach the ground floor and he's forced to release me before he can respond-or retaliate. The doors slide open not a second too soon and I quickly scramble out. I don't have to look to know he's hot on my heels. His presence behind me is like a bad feeling I can't shake.

I unlock my car with the keyless remote but he's on me before I can get inside. He grabs me from behind and pulls me against him-just like Jack Henry would, except much rougher. I can feel that he's hard for me, and it's sickening. I look around the parking garage, hopeful someone might see what he's doing. "Are you crazy, Blake? Anyone could see you doing this. There are cameras everywhere."

His mouth is at my ear and I feel his breath on my skin. My hair stands on end at the back of my neck; my scalp prickles. "I don't care if anyone sees us, Laurie. I've missed you so much and I made a decision while we were apart. I'm ready to leave Beth so we can be together."

The hell he is. "No, you're not."

"I am. I swear."

"No, Blake. You don't understand. I didn't say that because I didn't believe you. I said it because I don't want you."

His hold on me tightens and he kisses my neck. "I want you, Laurie," he pleads. "I didn't realize how much until I didn't have you in my life. Please, don't make the mistake of ending us before we've had a chance to be happy together."

"This is insane. You're talking to me like we broke up over a simple indiscretion. You have a wife and she wasn't the transgression-I was. Not to mention that our whole relationship was based on a lie."

"Baby, I have faults. I'm not perfect."

"Don't call me baby." Jack Henry is the only one I want calling me that. "And no husband and father should ever refer to his wife and children as faults."

He turns me around to face him. "All of this is about him-that Australian bastard I talked to on your phone. He's the reason you're blowing me off-because you still want him."

"I will always want him."

Blake's face changes and is no longer soft or wanting. It's angry. "Do you want him more than you want your career?"

I think he's threatening me, but I want to hear him say it. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"Exactly what you think it means. You know how easily I can end you, so you have two choices: either come back to me or your career is over. Simple as that."

I stare at him, astonished. I can't believe he's capable of such a ruthless threat. He says that he's giving me two choices but that's horseshit and we both know it. He's trying to bully me back into his bed. It infuriates me so much that I have a knee-jerk reaction-as in I jerk my knee up into his balls as hard as I can-and he's instantly face down on the concrete of the parking garage.

I jump into my car and slam my hand down over the lock because I don't know where his head's at. My hands are shaking so badly, I fumble to get the key into the ignition. My old Honda roars to life and I feel a streak of something-maybe strength-and decide I'm not finished with Blake yet.

I want to run over him but decide that probably isn't the best idea, so I lower my window instead. "You can take my songs you're holding hostage-along with our contract-and shove them all up your ass. And when you get your balls out of your gut, sue me for breach of contract so I can tell the world what a cheating, lying little prick you are. And a f**king lousy-ass lay. As in terrible!"

I leave half the rubber of my tires behind as I spin out and immediately begin to panic.

What did I just do?

Who am I kidding? There's no mistaking it-I just killed my career.

I thought I'd hit rock bottom before but I couldn't have been more wrong. This place I now reside is one level of hell below it.

I walk like a zombie through my apartment until I reach my bedroom and fall backward onto my bed. I sigh as I stare at the ceiling and watch the oscillating blades of the fan, thinking about how they remind me of my life. Each blade is chasing the one in front of it but it's a fruitless race. None of them will ever catch up to the one ahead. The story of my life. I chase the happiness right in front of my face but it always outruns me, no matter how fast I am.

I lie like that for a while before I eventually drift off. I have no idea how long I've been asleep when my phone wakes me with the "Jolene" ringtone. Fabulous. Jolie Prescott is exactly what I need right now.

I contemplate letting it go to voicemail but I know she'll only continue to call. Persistence-it's one of her gifts. "Hi, Mom."

"Laurie, I've been waiting all day for you to call with an update on your meeting with David and Blake. Why haven't I heard from you?"

It was a mistake to tell her I was meeting with them. I don't want to talk about this right now, but she's not going to give me a choice. She never does. That's another one of her talents but it doesn't mean I won't try to get out of it. That's one of my skills.

"It's a long story and I don't really want to talk about it right now. Maybe we can get together a little later and discuss it."

"That means it didn't go well. Please come over. We need to talk about this so we can get a game plan on where we should go from here."

I love that-where we should go from here. She had a real presence in the industry at one time and knows the ins and outs of how things work. Maybe she'll have some ideas on which direction I should go because I damn sure don't know which end is up at this point.

But I'm not going if her lover boy is hanging around. "He's not there, is he?"

"No, Laurelyn. He's not here." She says it like she's annoyed I don't want to be around him.

"Okay. I'll be over after I change."

I end my call and pull on jogging pants that read LOVE across the ass-the very same ones Jack Henry enjoyed shoving to my knees when he bent me over the arm of Ben's couch. I don't care how old or gray I get, I will always carry that memory with me. But just in case, I'm gonna write it down in a journal so my nurse can read it to me if I get Alzheimer's. I might not remember it was me in the story, but I'll think some lady sure got lucky.

And yet, I don't need a journal to record our story. Every song I write from here on out will be about Jack Henry. That's how our tale will go on and on forever-through my music.

He will always be every song I sing.

I find my mom in her living room. Her home is humble, its decor simple. Most of her furnishings are from bargain stores, so I wonder what the famous Jake Beckett must think about it while he's slumming.

She takes one look at me and I can tell by her expression that she thinks I look like hell-because I do. She hasn't seen me in two weeks, so I'm certain my weight loss and the dark circles catch her attention.

"Laurelyn Paige! What's happened to you? Have you been sick? Did you catch something while you were on your trip?"

I sure did. It's called being lovesick. I would expect her out of everyone to recognize this look.

"I'm not sick, Mom."

"Then, what has happened to you?"

I walk over and fall onto the couch next to her. I seem to have no grace these days. All I do is fall and plop.

I don't know where to start with everything that's happened. My life is one big mistake after another-except for Jack Henry. He's the only thing that's been right in my life. Ever. "I guess I should begin by telling you why I went to Australia."

She doesn't know about my relationship with Blake. I kept him a secret from her because I knew she'd discourage our relationship. She would've told me it was a bad idea to get involved with my producer. And she'd have been right.

I can see that she's not happy when I tell her about our liaison, but she doesn't say anything, so I move straight on to my trip. And my Jack Henry. My face involuntarily smiles just by saying his name. It's impossible to not beam at the sound of it coming from my mouth.

I think I see her soften as I describe the love of my life and how I feel about him. I leave off most of the details about our arrangement, except the one where we agreed our relationship was over once I left. I add a white lie and tell her the decision was based on the impossibility of a long-distance relationship rather than the fact that he never wants contact with me again.

The thought brings tears to my eyes. It was so easy for him to let me walk out of his life. I told him I loved him and he couldn't tell me the same. Because he didn't want me.

When I finish giving her the PG version of my time with Jack Henry, I move on to my meeting with David and Blake. She seems pleased with what I'm saying, but then it all comes to a screeching halt when I get to the part where I undescended Blake's testicles for him.

I get up from the couch and pace the floor. I totally expect her reprimand for my actions-the ones that will likely kill my career-but she surprises me. "That bastard threatened to ruin your career while he pinned you to your car? Kicking him in the nuts is the least of what he deserves to have done to him. What he tried to do to you is blackmail, which is illegal, so don't you worry about a thing. We'll take care of this."

Who's we? Is she referring to me and her, or her and the sperm donor?

I suddenly hear a man's voice, and it's angry. "Who pinned you against your car and threatened to ruin your career?"

I jump from the sovereignty in the voice. When I look toward the commanding speaker, I see Jake Beckett standing in the doorway. I know my eyes must be huge by the bizarre way he's looking back at me. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you."

I don't say anything as he cautiously walks toward me, like I'm a skittish animal ready to run at any moment. He doesn't take his eyes from me, staring at my face. He looks mesmerized. As badly as I want to, I can't take my eyes from his, either. It's like staring into a mirror. I never knew we were this similar.

He reaches out to place his hands on each side of my face. My initial reaction is to pull away, but I can't. I crave this man's affectionate touch for a reason I can't identify. "My God, you look just like my sister. It's amazing."

I've spent most of my life hating this man for what he did to my mother and me. He got her pregnant while he was married to another woman and then pretended we didn't exist. He threw us away like trash. I hate him for it and every moment he could've made my life easier but chose not to.

I hate you. The words dance on the tip of my tongue. I want to say them-or maybe scream them-so I can see the look on his face. I want to hurt him the way he's hurt me all of these years.

When he finishes looking at me, he takes his hands away and uses them to pull me into a tight embrace. My face is pressed into his shoulder but it doesn't stop the words I'm determined to say. "I hate you," I weakly whisper as I halfheartedly push against him, but he only grips me tighter.

"You can tell me you hate me as much as you like, but it won't change how much I love you, Laurelyn."

I want to tell him how painful it's been to feel unloved and unwanted by him my whole life and how it directly affects the way I view every man I interact with. Instead, I'm shocked by what I'm feeling. This isn't at all the reunion I'd planned in my head. All the years of anger I've felt for this man melt away because he's my father and he's holding me for the first time. I regress to that little girl who dreamed and prayed he'd want me because I was worth loving.

"I can never tell you how sorry I am for being absent from your life. But I promise you that it will never happen again. The world is going to know that you're my daughter because I love you."

I never needed the world to know I was Jake Beckett's daughter. And I sure don't need them to know now. I don't want his free pass into the music industry. "No. I don't want anyone to know."

"I don't understand."

I'm sure he doesn't. Most people wouldn't. "I don't want my success based on the fact that I'm Jake Beckett's daughter. I want to make it because I'm a damn good musician. If you announce that you're my father, I'll never know if I was good enough to succeed on my own."

I can tell he doesn't like it, but that's really too bad. "I'll do whatever you want, Laurelyn. Just promise me I can announce it after you've proven yourself."

I'm not in a place where I'm anxious to make promises. "Let me make it first, and then we'll go from there."

Chapter Four

I've spent the last week at my apartment in Sydney because I thought I'd lose my mind if I stayed another day at Avalon. Laurelyn's memory haunts me every place I look. There isn't a place on the vineyard that I don't see her, but my bed is the worst. I won't let Mrs. Porcelli wash the sheets because I want to lie in them and still smell Laurelyn next to me.

How desperate is that?

My decision to come to Sydney was ultimately a good one. Although the whole number-fourteen thing was a huge mistake, it opened my eyes to what needed to be done, so I can't regret it in that aspect. But in every other way, it was the stupidest decision I'd ever made. I don't know why I thought anything could drive Laurelyn out of my head. Amnesia couldn't erase her from my brain. She's etched there forever.

My time hiding out at my apartment has come to an end. It's time for me to return to Avalon. I can't neglect the vineyard during the harvest any longer.

I'm almost ready to leave when my phone rings, my brother's name on the screen. It's early yet. I immediately worry something has happened to Dad because Evan would never call me so early otherwise. "What is it?"

"Nothing's wrong. I, uh...was just wondering if I could come by and talk to you for a minute before I go to work?"

This is strange-not like my brother at all. And he doesn't have to be at work until much later, so I know something's up. "Sure."

"I'm leaving the house now so I'll be there in about fifteen minutes."

I take one look at Evan after he arrives and I return the compliment he gave me a week ago when he picked me up at The Langford. "You look like shit." He doesn't retaliate and that's when I know that whatever is up with him is serious. "What's going on, bro?"

"I just need to talk to somebody."

"Okay. I'm somebody, so shoot."

Evan rubs his hand across his chin and that's when I notice he hasn't shaved-in a while-which isn't like him at all. But it isn't like me, either, and I'm sporting the same unkempt look on my face right now. "It's Em. She's pregnant again."

I don't know what I was expecting, but that definitely wasn't it. From the looks of him, I thought it would be something more dire. "Oh. Well, I guess congratulations are in order, but I'm a little surprised. I didn't think you were planning on more kids."

He laughs but doesn't appear at all amused. "We weren't. She left her birth control pills at the house when we went away on that little weekender a couple of months ago. We thought we'd be okay if she caught up on them after we got back. We were wrong."

"How does Em feel about it?"

"She's happy-and already talking about it like it's a boy. She's always thought I wanted a son, but I never cared if we had one or not. I'm crazy about my girls."

He doesn't have to tell me how much he loves his daughters and Emma; they're his world. He could've had all the money and luxuries I have, but he turned his back on it for his family. "So you're not happy about a new baby?"

"No, I'm not. And I'm a selfish motherfucker for feeling the way I do." He draws a deep breath and releases it slowly before he begins to pace my living room floor, hands on each side of his head. This is a new look for him and it has me worried about the reason behind his conflict.

I don't know if I'll be able to help him, but I can listen, even if I can't offer advice. "You can tell me what's on your mind and I won't judge you. I mean, hell...look at what I've been up to for the last four years. It's not like I've been tightening my halo. I'm in no position to pass judgment."

He sits on the couch and leans over, head in his hands. "I feel like I just got Emma back. Mila has practically been attached to her tits for the past year. Twelve damn months is a long time for your wife to have a kid milking her day and night. Bro, it's the worst kind of cockblock. I feel like a bastard for wanting my kid to lay off her food source so I can get a f**k."

Wow. Those are some words I'll never get out of my head. I could've done without hearing that.

"Two months. That's how long Mila's been weaned, and it's been great. Both kids are out of our bed and in their own rooms. I've finally been able to f**k my wife in our bed instead of sneaking off to do it quietly on the couch when she doesn't have a kid sucking on her like a leech. But now there's going to be another one coming along to get between us."

Fuck! I'm never sitting on their couch again.

I don't know what to tell him. I have no advice about this situation. "It sounds like you better get crackin'. You have, what...seven months before it gets here? I'd stock up for the winter while I could."

"But that's another thing," he grumbles. "Emma always has preterm labor and gets put on pelvic rest, so it's going to thwart me months before it even gets here."

Damn. My little brother has me feeling sorry for him. "Does Mum know yet?"

"Yeah. We told her last night. She's thrilled beyond words. She wasn't expecting to get another grandchild until you found Laurelyn and knocked her up."

Until I knock Laurelyn up. There was a time when hearing something like that would've caused me to lose it, but not today. I'm no longer afraid of what life would be like with a family. I'm way more afraid of what it would be like without one-but particularly without Laurelyn. I know she wants babies and I plan on giving them to her-as many as she wants, any time she's ready. I very much look forward to putting them inside her.

"It'll be okay. I'm sure you and Emma will make it work just fine with another kid."

"I know it'll be okay. I'm just panicking because this one wasn't planned. I feel like I've lost control and I don't like it. God, you must think I'm a total dickhead for calling my own kid a cockblocker."

"I told you I wouldn't judge-and I won't-because I don't know how I'd feel if it were me in your shoes. And we both know you'll love the little cockblocker."

I wish I were freaking out about Laurelyn being pregnant. At least that would mean I had her with me.

"Jack, you're going to find Laurelyn and then it'll be you in these anxiety shoes because you don't want to give up that special time with her."

"I hope I get the chance to panic over it. I really do."

I park the Sunset in the garage and find Mrs. Porcelli in the kitchen. "Mr. McLachlan, it's good to see you back. I trust your visit with your family went well?"

I wish I'd gone to Sydney for a casual visit, but that's not what sent me there. I went for entirely different reasons I didn't wish to discuss, so I lie. "Yes, everyone is well and I had a nice visit."

"Oh, that's good. I can get you some lunch if you're hungry."

"Thank you, but that won't be necessary. I stopped at a little cafe a couple of hours ago."

As I'm walking out, Mrs. Porcelli calls my name. "Mr. McLachlan?"

I turn and see a look of uncertainty in my housekeeper's eyes-as if she's searching for the right words to say to me. "Yes?"

She's wringing her hands like she's nervous. My curiosity is piqued. "I didn't know if I should say anything, but I decided I thought you had the right to know."

I wait for her further explanation but she doesn't give me one. Whatever this is about, she isn't wanting to tell me. "What is it?"

"I was cleaning your bedroom and found something of Laurelyn's under the bed. I placed them on your nightstand because I didn't know what to do with them. Throwing them in the trash didn't feel right."

Ah! A pair of Laurelyn's undies must've fallen under the bed during one of our naughties. I'm sure that's what has this little gray-haired lady blushing crimson.

"Thank you for letting me know."

I smile as I walk the hall toward my bedroom. Those will be a nice little memento to have. Hmm...I wonder which pair it'll be? I find myself hoping that it's the white lace ones. I took those off her the day we made love the first time-instead of f**king-the day she told me she loved me.

I can see from the doorway that it's not the white lace ones; these are colorful. And folded into a tiny rectangle. I can't recall her ever wearing knickers like those, so I cross the room for a better inspection. It isn't undies at all. It's the decorative cloth pouch that houses Laurelyn's birth control pills. I slide the foil package out and confirm what I suspect. This is the pack she would've been taking when she left.

I sit on the bed, holding it in my hand. Does this mean she's going to be pregnant? It only took Em missing two days-not half a pack.

I go to the living room and grab my laptop before I dash back to the bedroom. I don't even know what to search. My fingers are trembling as I type what happens if you stop birth control midpack and hit enter. I choose the first result since it looks like a medical site. I scan the article reading a lot of things I don't understand, but then I come upon a heading called "Increased Chance of Pregnancy." That I can understand, so I read because I'm anxious to see what it says: There is a sudden increase in the risk of pregnancy when you stop the pill midmonth. The hormone levels change quickly by stopping the pill in the middle of the cycle, and this can increase your chances of conceiving. There may be some women who think they are protected for the whole month even if they stop early, but this is not true. You are only covered and protected while taking the pill on a regular, everyday basis.

Fuck! Does Laurelyn know this? Does she understand what missing these pills could mean? I have no way of knowing, and I can't ask her because she's not here.

Jim's been in the States looking for her for five days. He's phoned daily with updates but that's not enough now that I know she could be pregnant. I'm dying here; I need him to find her already.

I take my phone from my pocket and dial. "Mr. McLachlan..."

I don't have the patience to hear anything except that he knows where she is. "Did you find her yet?"

I already know he hasn't. He would've notified me immediately if he had; he has strict instructions to call the moment he has her whereabouts. "No, I'm sorry, Mr. McLachlan. There is no housing in Nashville registered under Addison Donavon, and the one I found this morning wasn't Laurelyn's friend."

"You're certain? She could be lying."

"The girl was still in high school and her mother wasn't happy about me being at their house asking about her daughter. There's been no new activity on any of Addison's social networking since she posted the day she left Australia. It's like she's dropped off the face of the earth."

One roadblock after another. We found out a few days ago that Laurelyn had dropped her service with her cellular provider, so our best lead was no lead at all. We don't know why she did it, but I have a sneaking suspicion that Blake Phillips is the reason behind it. I keep imagining him chasing after Laurelyn now that she's returned to Nashville, and the thought makes me crazy. I'm back to that place where I want to choke the life out of him.

"So, what's your plan, Jim?" I really need him to tell me he has a new strategy since finding Addison has proven fruitless.

"I understand you wanted him to be a last resort, but I recommend going to see Blake Phillips. It seems like a waste to run all over California looking for Addison when I have him so close."

I'm going to be sick if she's with him. Maybe I wanted him to be a last resort because I'm paralyzed with fear every time I think about her being with him.

I want to see his reaction when Jim questions him about her. I need to read his face and response. "I want you to video your meeting and send it to me immediately."

Jim doesn't hesitate. "Absolutely, sir."

Chapter Five

Wow. I'm driving home in a daze because I have a dad and he wants to ruin the man who threatened me. He said Blake Phillips wouldn't be able to find a job bagging groceries in this town when he's finished with him. The thought makes me happy, until I remember that he has three little kids depending on him. As much as I'd like to see Blake crawl on his belly like the snake that he is, I can't live with the guilt of being the reason behind any misfortune for those children. It's not their fault their dad is a total skeezer. Which is why I asked Jake to do nothing where Blake is concerned.

I park in my usual spot outside the apartment and sit staring at the door. I don't want to go inside. Being alone for the past couple of weeks hasn't been good for me. It's given me too much time to think about how much I miss Jack Henry.

I'm startled out of my trance when I hear Addison's ringtone. "Waddup," I cheerfully answer. I hope she can't tell how phony I am.

"Hey, girl. What are you doing?"

Addison's called to check on me every day-sometimes twice. She's been very attentive for...well, for Addison. I've never seen her so concerned. I think her feelings for Zac have given her empathy-something I'm not certain she was capable of in the past. "Umm, I just got home from my mom's."

"How'd that go?"

I hadn't had enough time to process Jake Beckett, so it wasn't something I was ready to discuss, especially over the phone. And Addison is going to have a come-apart when she finds out. "It was fine."

"What about your meeting with your record pro-doucher?"

I can't help but laugh every time I hear Addie call Blake a pro-doucher. The name is so fitting. "It went great. He was very cooperative-until he followed me out to my car and basically held me down while he threatened to ruin my career if I didn't come back to him."

I hear Addison huff. "Did that f**ker hurt you?"

"Nah! You know I'm a tough bird. He scared me a little, but it's more likely that I'm the one who hurt him. I don't think he'll be needing a vasectomy any time soon. I can say with a fair amount of certainty that my knee probably busted his balls."

Addison cackles. "I'm really glad to hear you racked 'em good for him, but what does that mean for your career?"

I sigh deeply before I admit where I stand, as if it'll make it sound better. "It means I've lost it all-everything I've worked so hard for-and I'll have to start over. All because I refused to have an affair with a married man."

"But that's not fair!" she yells and almost bursts my eardrum. "You can't walk away with nothing. He should at least have the decency to give you back your songs."

She didn't see the fury on his face. "That's not going to happen, but it's okay. Really. He can hold my songs hostage if he wants. I still own half so he can't give them to anyone else. And I have new material that's way better than any of my old stuff."

"That's because all of them are about him."

I don't have to ask whom she's referring to. "They are, but they're honest and from my heart."

"Then they'll go platinum ten times because fans know when it's real. They'll get what he means to you. I just wish he would."

Me too.

"I have good news." Her words are cheerful but her voice lacks its usual pep. "At least I hope you think it's good. I'm coming home tomorrow. Cleve has an audition for me and says it's mandatory that I'm back on Thursday for it."

Thank goodness. I don't think I could go on being alone in the apartment. "I'm thrilled you're coming home, but you don't sound excited."

"The audition is with a band and I won't be lead vocalist." Not being lead could definitely be a problem for Miss Front and Center. "I'll have to share it with a dude."

"Those kinds of bands are doing really well in country right now. It's sounds like a great opportunity," I encourage. "Would I know them?"

"Southern Ophelia."

"Damn, Addie. They're hot right now. Like, really hot. I can't believe one of their vocalists walked away in the middle of all that success. That's crazy."

"Maybe, but it's not what I want because it's not my style. I just don't see me being happy with sharing the spotlight. You know I love being the center of attention. It sounds like a great gig, but the whole thing is so rushed. Heather quit last week and they're scheduled to cut an album next month, so it won't give us long to mesh. After that, we'd be hitting the road for six months to promote the album."

Addison was no spotlight sharer, but Cleve was right in thinking this was a good move for her. As such, it was my job to encourage her. "Addie, that sounds like exactly the opportunity you need to give your career a huge jumpstart. Cutting an album and going on the road-that's huge. And who knows? You could love singing with a guy."

"I'm gonna hate it. I just know it."

Always the pessimist. "There are worse things."

"I'm sorry, Laurie," she apologizes. "It's really insensitive of me to be whining to you after what happened with Blake."

Frankly, I'm a little shocked by her consideration. Her relationship with Zac seems to have changed her in a very positive way. "It's sucks but I'll be okay."

"I know, but I haven't been very considerate of your feelings. I've been a shitty friend and I'm sorry. I swear I'm gonna make it up to you."

I accept Addison the way she is and I don't expect her to make anything up to me. "You haven't been a shitty friend. You've called every day-sometimes twice-to make sure I'm okay."

"We both know I could do a lot better."

She wasn't the only one who could improve. "I'm the one who moved out on you to live with a man I barely knew."

"Because of what my brother did to you. And I took his side. I'm so sorry."

Agreed. She definitely should've supported me more on that. "It's okay. It all worked out for the best. Living with Ja...Lachlan for those two and a half months was the best experience of my life."

"How are we ever gonna get over those Aussie men?"

"I have no idea, Addie." And that is the honest-to-God truth. I don't know how I'll ever be able to give up the love of my life.

I'm helping Addison sort her laundry-all humpteen bags full-when I see her take a gift bag from her suitcase. "I bought something for you while I was in Cali-not that you couldn't get them here-but I knew it was something you wouldn't buy for yourself."

Some people are natural-born gift givers. They love giving because it makes them feel good. But Addison isn't one of them, so I'm interested in seeing what would spurn spontaneous gift-buying. "You didn't have to get me a gift."

She's beaming, so I see she's proud of herself. "I think I did. Because I'm pretty sure you need this. A lot."

I take the box from the bag and instantly feel heat rise to my face. No she did not. I stare at the purple vibrator through its plastic packaging and I know that she did.

"It's purple-your favorite color." She swipes the package from my hands and takes it out when she sees I'm not going to. "This thing is fantastic, Laurie. Look what the tip can do. It swirls."

That's not natural. "I've never seen a penis that swirls or twirls or has bright-colored beads rotating at the base." Of course, I've only spent time with a couple of them, but if any man's dick did tricks, it would've been Jack Henry's. I'm sure of it. "It looks like it has a gumball machine in it. If it starts lighting up, I gonna swear it's a kids' toy."

She rolls her eyes. "Trust me-this isn't child's play. The swirling and rotating is what makes this rock." She points to a phalange-looking probe thing. "This is the magnificent part."

I think I'm frightened. "What the hell is that thing?"

"A clitoral stimulator."

Good grief. "You've got to be kidding me."

She's laughing as she shakes her head. "Oh, no. I would not kid of such things. This little beauty will make you come in under a minute. I guarantee it."

Under a minute? Shit!

I see an attached probe and I'm scared to ask, but curiosity has set in. I touch it as I ask, "And this?"

"An anal probe."

I jerk my hand back, as though the probe might have already been used. I make a face, one that tells her I'm grossed out. "I'm not putting that in my ass!"

"You don't have to. This baby works just fine without it. I know it's a bit much, so I bought this beginner for you also. It's called a Bullet." She takes out a shiny little silver gadget and places it in my hand. It looks a lot less intimidating than the purple trick penis with gumballs dancing in the shaft. The Bullet definitely seems more my speed.

Addison has never made it a secret that she's the ultimate sex-toy expert. She's made a lot of comments in the past about how I should try them, but this is the first time she's brought me the goods. "When you had to leave Lachlan, you gave up all those great orgasms cold turkey." Yup. "You need this, Laurie. And trust me-these are the best gadgets out there."

"You would know."

She points the purple vibrator at me. "There are a lot of reasons you need this, and not all of them have to do with Lachlan." It's still weird hearing her call him that. "Orgasms keep your girly parts healthy. And having an orgasm will help you sleep, which, by the looks of you, I'm certain you haven't been doing."

There's the old Addison. "Thanks a lot."

She shrugs, as if she can't help herself. And she probably can't. "I'm just sayin'..."

At least she doesn't blow smoke up my ass. "Thank goodness I can always count on you to say whatever's on your mind." Perhaps I'm a little too sarcastic because she cuts her eyes at me.

"It's a medically proven fact that orgasms release endorphins. That means they can help with migraines. How many did you have when you were in Australia? Migraines, I mean. Not orgasms."

I couldn't count the multitude of orgasms I had with Jack Henry if my life depended on it. "One."

"And when did you have it?"

I hadn't moved in with Jack Henry yet, so it was very early during our visit. "It wasn't long after we got there."

"See? You started having regular orgasms with Lachlan and your headaches went away."

Jack Henry! Not Lachlan! I want to scream it out loud.

But she's right. My migraines were happening increasingly more often before I went to Australia. Except for the one, they disappeared entirely while I was with him. I've never gone that long in between occurrences. "You're right. I didn't have another migraine after I moved in with him."

"See? Orgasms are a physical necessity and should be prescribed by your doctor for good health. There's no reason you shouldn't be having at least one a day. Personally, I recommend three. You brush your teeth three times a day to keep them healthy. Shouldn't your vagina be in tip-top shape too?"

Is she serious? "You mean to tell me that you use your vibrator three times a day?"

"Yeah. It's been working overtime since we left Australia," she giggles. "And I bought an extra just in case I wear it out. Damn, I miss Zac."

Addison and I have been best friends for four years, and I've come to know that she will never understand the concept of TMI. "What's the plan with him?"

"Girl, I'm so confused about what I want. I mean, I'm not confused about wanting him. That much I know. I've never loved anyone the way I love him." She's biting her perfectly manicured thumbnail. It's an unfamiliar sight. "He's asked me to come back to Australia. Indefinitely."

She's crazy about him. I can't believe she hasn't hopped a plane headed back to Oz already. "You came here to audition for this band. Does that mean you're taking the job and not going back to be with him?"

"I don't know what I'm gonna do. I'm not sure I can up and leave my entire life behind to move to Australia for a guy I've known three months. That's crazy talk, right? My whole life is in the U.S. My parents. My career. You." She looks as though she might burst into tears. "What would you do?"

I love my family and Addison, but there's not a shade of doubt in my mind. I'd be on the first Aussie bird I could find if Jack Henry called and asked me to come back. Maybe I feel that way because I no longer have a career, but I wouldn't even take the time to pack a bag if it meant I could be back in his arms sooner. "He wouldn't have to ask me twice."

"I wish I had your confidence. I'm just so unsure...of everything."

It's easier to be confident in answer to a question I won't hear. Jack Henry will never ask me to return to Australia. I'll never have to choose between him and my career because I have neither. And it's a cruel reality to face.

I wake to the sound of a knock on my bedroom door. Addison slowly eases it open. "Are you awake?"

"Yeah," I lie as I push myself up to a sitting position. Last night was a bad one for me. I tossed and turned most of the night, thinking about Jack Henry. There's no way I've been asleep for more than a couple of hours, but I don't want Addison to feel bad about waking me. "What's up?"

She walks over and sits on the edge of my bed. "I never went to sleep last night."

My contacts are out so she looks blurry, but I can see the troubled expression on her face. "Are you worried about the audition?"

"No way. I couldn't care less about that. It's Zac. I can't stop thinking about us and how bad I want to go back."

I can't believe her. If she loves him the way she says, she shouldn't stick around here and let him slip away. "Then do it. Stop being miserable and go."

"You really think I should?"

I wouldn't hesitate. "Absolutely. You love him and that's not going to go away." I know that much from experience.

She reaches for my hand and squeezes it. "I'm gonna do it, but I want you to go to that audition instead of me."

Has she lost her mind? That's not the way things are done in the music industry. I don't get to decide I'll go in her place. "I can't show up for your audition."

"Yes, you can. Get up and get dressed. You have an hour."

"No. No. No, I can't do that." Can I?

"They're expecting a female vocalist. That's what you are-and a great one. They won't care about the details after they hear you sing. And it's actually a pretty perfect situation, if you think about it. They need a singer who can play guitar. You need a job. Problem solved."

It's been over two weeks since I sang or played. "I haven't rehearsed."

"Choose something familiar like...'What Hurts the Most.' You've been performing that song longer than we've known each other. It's one of your best and you can knock it out of the park without even warming up."

She's right. It's always one of my best performances. It could work.

Gah! Am I really considering this? "We both know this stunt is nuts. Even if they like my voice, this is unprofessional. And desperate. They'll tell me to get lost."

"I'll go with you. We'll act like I'm there for the audition and you're there to support me. We'll swap places at the last minute."

She makes it sound so easy-and so hard to say no. "I'm gonna do it. What do I have to lose at this point?"

"Nothing."

She's right. When you have nothing, there's very little for you to lose. "I have to get ready."

We're called back into a studio and I'm nervous as hell. This isn't me trying out for some mediocre band playing small clubs. These guys are doing it big time.

Addison introduces herself and I stand back as she drops the bomb. "I won't be the one auditioning today." She gestures over her shoulder. "She's here to sing in my place."

There's a brief moment of silence before the guy I recognize as the vocalist speaks up. "I don't think so-that's not how things work around here. Addison Donavon is the person we're expecting. That's who our agent lined up, so there are no exceptions. We don't play tag team."

I knew this was a bad idea. I'm on the verge of turning around to walk out the door but Addison isn't ready to cave. "My manager arranged this audition for me before I knew I'd be leaving the country. Doesn't it seem ridiculous to let this audition go to waste when what you need is standing right here in front of you?"

"We're not looking for a second-rate replacement." It's obvious who the leader is here by the spokesperson: Mr. Perfect Blond Locks with earrings and tatted forearms.

"That's not what you have here. She's an incredible vocalist and musician. She plays by ear-guitar and piano." As much as I appreciate Addison listing my virtues, I'm beginning to feel like something of a charity case. I despise it.

"No. She doesn't have a scheduled audition so she doesn't get to play or sing unless her manager arranges it." Fat chance of that happening since David dropped me after the Blake incident.

The arguing continues like that-back and forth-until I finally interrupt. "It's okay, Addison. Let's go."

"No! It's not okay." She turns back to the one she's been arguing with. "You're messing up big time if you let her walk out of here."

This is humiliating, and I refuse to stand here being discussed like I'm not present while Addison pleads for me. I lift my guitar case from the floor and walk toward the door. "Gentlemen, I'm sorry for any inconvenience I may have caused and I wish you the best of luck in finding the perfect vocalist." It's my polite way of telling them to kiss my ass as well as code for Addison to shut up and come on. I may be a smidgen on the desperate side, but I'll be damned if I'm gonna beg. I may not have a job or the man I love, but I still have my pride. This band of nitwits isn't going to rob me of that.

"Have a wonderful afternoon," I say with an edge of venom as I turn for the door. And may your crotches be infested with the crabs of a thousand whores.

"Wait."

I stop as I'm almost out the door and look back to see which one of these jackoffs is talking to me. It's the leader again-the tall one with the Keith Urban hair. He's lounging back in his chair and asks the other band members, "Should we let the little lady entertain us?"

Damn, he's smug. "Don't do me any favors." Yeah, I know. I shouldn't get smart with these guys but I can't help myself. They're pissing me off in a bad way, acting like I'm at their mercy.

The guy drumming pencils against the desk starts laughing. "She's a feisty one. That could be a good sign."

Blondie motions for me to come back, but my feet don't move. "Come on and show us what you can do."

I'm not quick to jump at his request. I don't want to look desperate, so I paste on my best poker face and walk casually back toward them. My guitar case thuds atop the conference table and I take out my mom's worn guitar. I slide the strap over my head and move to a vacant stool.

"What's your name?"

I think it's best that I don't use my real name since I'm in contact with my father now. There's no way of knowing what'll happen when his relationship with my mother goes public-and I'm sure it's only a matter of time before that happens. Those kinds of things don't stay buried forever, and I can't risk an association with him that might identify him as my father.

I'm put on the spot to come up with a name-just like the night Jack Henry asked me who I was. I immediately think of using "Paige Beckett," but that alias would defeat the whole purpose of avoiding a connection to my paternity. "Laurelyn Prescott, but I plan on using Paige McLachlan as my stage name."

I see Addison jerk her head around to look at me. She has to think I've flipped my wig. I'll have to come up with something to tell her. Later. Right now, I have three guys I have to win over with my voice.

"I'm Charlie." He's the lead vocalist, the one I'd sing with. I strum my guitar as he points to the guy with a slick head slouched in a chair, arms crossed. He appears unenthused by my presence. "That's Ryan. He plays keyboards and mandolin." He moves to the pencil pecker and I already know what he's gonna say. "That's PJ, our drummer."

I'm still not feeling like Miss Congeniality after my icy welcome, but I smile as I reply, "Nice to meet you."

"What are you gonna play for us?"

I'm confident in my decision. The Rascal Flatts song is the best choice since it has that crossover country pop sound like Southern Ophelia. "'What Hurts the Most.'"

"Nice choice."

I begin playing, singing with my eyes closed. Most people think I do so because of nerves, but that's not why. I use the time to feel the music and visualize. I transfer to that place so my audience will feel the genuineness of what I'm singing. Finding that spot in my head isn't going to be difficult; this song has taken on a whole new meaning for me since parting ways with Jack Henry.

I'm keeping tempo with my boot heel on the stool's support rung when I come to the chorus. And that's when I open my eyes. The three members of Southern Ophelia are watching me intently but I know it's do or die; this is where I must go in for the kill, and I choose Charlie as my victim since he's shown himself to be the head of this trio.

My eyes meet his and I expose myself fully, using the lyrics as my emotions. I show him my heart and soul-and the dreadful way it looks without Jack Henry. He sees my dark side but only because I allow it.

When I finish, there's a moment of silence before Ryan and PJ take turns complimenting me. Charlie simply stares. Ryan snaps in front of Charlie's face, and he finally seems to come out of his daze. "Charlie. What did you think, man?"

I gesture toward the door. "I can step out and let you talk in private."

"I'm pretty sure that won't be necessary," he says as he grins.

That's when I know there's no decision to be made. I've won over the triad of Southern Ophelia.

Chapter Six

Three. Long. Fucking. Months. That's how long it's been since I've seen Laurelyn. And I don't think I can take another minute. I die a little more each day she isn't in my life.

She's been damn near impossible to find. Fate has worked against us every step of the way. The hoops Jim has jumped through for the smallest bit of information have been ridiculous. One step forward, two steps back-instead of the other way around. A criminal on the run would've been easier to find.

But I've finally found her. Laurelyn Paige Prescott-better known to the public by her stage name as Paige McLachlan-that's the woman I'm here to see tonight.

I still smile when I think about her taking my name, but I can't help but ponder why she'd need to use a stage name. She never mentioned using one before and it makes me wonder if something happened with the sperm donor. Or worse-maybe with Blake Phillips.

I enter the auditorium lobby and the thick crowd makes it difficult to push through. The Martin I'm carrying adds to my difficult navigation as I bump shoulders through the horde, so I have to apologize with each step.

I find my assigned seat. Because I'm a creature of habit, I'm happy when I see it's in a dark corner. I sit and place the Martin by my feet. I'm nervous and adrenalized as evidenced by my rapidly beating heart. I'm about to see the woman I love walk out onto that stage.

I look at the time and see it's only a minute until eight. My heart is pounding erratically, throbbing in my ears over the loud crowd. Finally, musicians begin filing onto the stage to take their places. That's when I see her for the first time in three months. My Laurelyn. All the time and distance that separated us disappears upon finally seeing her face again.

She looks the same, yet different. Her hair is a little longer and darker. Her honey highlights are missing and she's slimmer. She's still beautiful as ever but doesn't fit the image etched in my mind these last few months.

She's wearing brown boots-the same ones she wore the first time I saw her-with stonewashed jeans and a strapless white top. Her bare shoulders make me desperate to touch her exposed skin. And kiss it. Her top is fitted below her br**sts while the bottom flows loosely over her jeans. I picture them riding low on her hips so I have easy access to kiss her belly.

She takes a guitar, which I strongly suspect is the instrument her sperm donor gave to her mother, and lifts its strap over her head. She should be holding her Martin instead of the one hanging on her shoulder right now.

Her back is to the crowd and again I'm reminded of that night in Wagga Wagga when I watched her do the exact thing. She mesmerized me beyond measure then and that hasn't changed. She still bewitches me.

My American girl takes her place behind a mic and then I notice the guy next to her and how crazy all the chicks in the audience seem to be about him. I take notice of the other two band members. Jim didn't mention this-that she was part of an all-male band-and the little green monster residing within decides he wants to come out to kick arse and take names.

When each of them is in place, an instrument in hand, the guy beside Laurelyn adjusts his mic. "How's everyone in Dallas doing tonight?"

The crowd goes crazy with cheers and whistles as the drummer begins beating his largest drum to get the crowd on their feet. It sounds like everyone in the auditorium is clapping in unison with the pounding percussion. "Anyone in this place ready to party?" he shouts, and the noise explodes. These people love them.

He picks out a sound on his guitar that I don't recognize and announces, "Ladies always go first and our lovely Paige is gonna start us out with one from our new album called 'Let It Go.'"

Her name is Laurelyn. Not Paige.

My beautiful girl closes her eyes and I remember that as her signal-she's getting ready to sing. It's her way of shutting out the world and going to that place where she uses music and lyrics to tell her story.

Music is what feelings sound like. Isn't that what she says?

I'm sitting on the edge of my seat. I confess I'm a desperate man only holding on by a thin, thin thread. All I've been able to hear in my head for months are the words I wish I'd told her. But I'm here with her now and this is my chance to prove to her how good we are together.

She told me she loved me once and I pray that hasn't changed.

She leans into her microphone as she sings of memories and goodbyes and I know her voice is the only one my heart recognizes. My core lures her sound into my chest and wraps it around the dead walls of my heart so it will have the desire to beat again.

She opens her eyes when she starts the chorus. Like always. I don't like hearing her sing these lyrics about letting go. I know she chooses songs that speak from her heart and the thought of her singing those words with us in mind kills me. Maybe it means she's still thinking of me. Loving me. Holding out hope that I'll come for her.

The crowd bursts into cheer and praise when she finishes her song, as they should. She's a fan-fucking-tastic performer. I already knew that but I don't think I realized the degree until this moment.

The other singer steps up to his mic. "That girl can tear it up, right?"

The crowd answers with louder yelling and clapping. "This next one we're gonna do is called 'Win You Over.'" He looks at my girl and smiles as he gives her a wink. What the f**k is that about? The guy is looking at Laurelyn as he sings about winning a girl's heart after it's been broken. He's watching her eyes as he sings and that's when it strikes me-the motherfucker isn't singing for the crowd. He's singing to my girl.

Son of a bitch!

Don't look at him, Laurelyn. Don't fall for that shit-his seductive grin, his smooth voice, his deep dimples. I know those moves and it's all bullshit so he can f**k you.

I'm grasping the armrests of my seat so hard, I think I might crush them. What if I'm too late and she's already with this jerkoff? It's a real possibility. She wouldn't have a reason not to be. She has no idea how much I love her or the lengths I've gone to to find her. I'm certain she thinks I've moved on to my next companion. Why wouldn't she?

And then I think of the woman I almost made number fourteen. She gladly went up to a hotel room with me, a complete stranger, only minutes after meeting. She was going to let me f**k her because the man she loved didn't return her affections. She wanted him out of her head that badly, if only for as long as it took to get off. That's who I could be to Laurelyn-the man she needs out of her head so badly, she'd let this guy f**k her to erase me.

This is bad. Very bad.

I consider leaving my seat and walking toward the stage so she might see me and know I've come for her. I want to see her reaction. I need to look into her eyes so I'll know if I'm still the one she loves. Or if it's him now.

I get up but my feet are frozen in place. They won't obey the commands being sent by my brain. They're smarter than my head or my heart. As much as I want her to know I'm here, I can't because I'm certain security would stop me from moving closer to the stage.

The eye-fucker finishes his song and Laurelyn trades her guitar for another instrument-maybe a mandolin. She never told me she played anything but the piano and guitar, so I'm suddenly jealous that these blokes know something about her that I don't.

They begin the next song, a duet called "Tell Me What I Want to Hear." Great. That's exactly what I want to watch-the two of them sing together. There's nothing I can do about it, so I might as well take a seat and calm the f**k down.

They go through the rest of their set and I watch this bloke eye-fuck Laurelyn for almost two hours. It's brutal to see it happening when I can do nothing about it. I'm mad as hell, but do I really have the right to say anything? I don't know, but I damn sure plan to find out.

When it's time for the last song of the night, Laurelyn takes the stage front and center-as she should've done all night-and I recognize the song coming from her bandmate's keyboard.

"This song is one I wrote when my best friend and I traveled out of the country several months back. I found myself with a lot of time on my hands and took the opportunity to do a little songwriting. I began writing it while we were there, but I couldn't quite make myself finish until about a month ago. It's called 'Without a Goodbye.'"

I'm waiting for your heart to wake

So you will ask me to stay.

My heart is impatiently waiting around

To hear the words it's begging you to say.

But if I remain and the words never come,

It's a pain I don't think I can take.

So I should go now without a goodbye

And you'll never have to see these tears I cry.

I should go now without a goodbye

And I won't have to hide the pain in my eyes.

I made the decision to walk away

And now there's so much distance between you and me.

Now you're so far away, so very far away.

Will you always remain out of my reach?

It's easy to lie myself but

I fear my stupid heart will never be free.

So I left without a goodbye

And you'll never have to see these tears I cry.

I left without a goodbye

And I won't have to hide the pain in my eyes.

Now it's been so long since I touched your face

I can't stop thinking of those days.

I'm looking back at your photos

And wondering if it's wrong for me to say.

I'm here all alone and I feel weak.

Maybe I made a mistake when I walked away.

And I was wrong to leave without a goodbye

Because now you'll never see I want to try.

I was wrong to leave without a goodbye

Because now you'll never see the love in my eyes.

It's a beautiful song, but so sad. The lyrics describe us perfectly, and I know in my heart, she's singing about us-at least I hope she is since the words describe making a mistake by leaving without a goodbye. It has to be us.

The show ends and the people file out around me. I sit motionless. It takes a while but the auditorium eventually clears. Before I get up, I take out the single long-stem red rose I tucked away inside the Martin's case.

With her guitar in one hand and the rose in the other, I begin the walk that will end my long search to find my beloved. I'm wound tighter than a spring-partly because I've watched Don-fucking-Juan make moves on my girl all night-but more so because I'm finally about to see the woman I love with all my heart.

Once I make my way down to where the stage leads toward the back, a security guard stops me. "No one is allowed back there except the band and the staff."

"I have Paige's extra guitar." I hold up the evidence in my hand.

He crosses his arms and puffs his chest. "Sorry. If that belongs to one of the musicians, then you should make other arrangements to get it to her."

I can see that muscle man won't be sweet-talked, so I pull out my wallet to begin our discussion in a manner that may persuade him. I take ten hundred-dollar bills and hold them in front of his face. "One thousand dollars cash. It's yours if you let me back so I can give Miss McLachlan her guitar."

His eyes grow large and he looks around. He reaches for and swipes the cash from my hand. "If you get caught, don't you f**king tell them it was me that let you back. Got it?"

Bingo! "Absolutely not."

He swings a door open and points down a hall. "She should be in the lounge while they're packing up the stage. Third room on the left."

"Thank you."

He shuts the door behind me. I stand in the corridor for a moment and take a deep breath. My heart slams against my chest, trying to escape to find its mate. It's drawing me to her because my heart requires her to feel complete again.

I make my way down the hall. I pass a couple of blokes along the way but they see the guitar case in my hand and say nothing. I stop at the door and hesitate because I'm scared shitless.

The door is cracked and I see Laurelyn sitting on a couch-with the eye-fucker beside her. His hand is on her leg and he's rubbing it slowly-just the way I did so many times. Fuck! He's touching her but even worse, she's letting him. And it's breaking my heart. I'm sure I feel it shattering into a million pieces as I stand here witnessing the one thing I was so afraid of.

I squeeze my eyes shut, hoping I'm seeing this wrong or that my mind is playing tricks on me. When I open my eyes again, he's leaning over. To kiss her.

I turn away. Sickened. Devastated. Heartbroken.

"Hey. What are you doing back here? Who are you?" I hear someone call out and I turn to see the band's drummer.

I swallow the tortured sounds threatening to escape from my throat. This is my fault. I f**ked up and now I'm paying for it.

I hold up the guitar case for him to see. "This belongs to Miss McLachlan. Could you please give it to her? And the rose too."

"A Martin. Cool." He takes both from me and asks, "Do I need to tell her anything?"

Yes. Tell her how much I love her and that I'm so sorry for letting her go. "Just tell her I enjoyed the show and that I said she was fan-fucking-tastic."

He holds up the case and the rose. "Who should I say these are from?"

"She'll know who."

Chapter Seven

Charlie gives me that look most of the time we're performing, and I'm pretty sure I don't need anyone to translate its meaning. It reminds me of what I once saw in Jack Henry's eyes-a forewarning of things to come.

I still recall the way he could make me tremble when I saw that look from him. I desired all the things my sexy Aussie man had in store for me. And I still do. Desperately.

I'm not being fair to Charlie. He doesn't deserve what I've put him through the last couple of months. He's a sweet guy and is so good to me. He's been incredibly kind and understanding about Jack Henry. He even said that he's willing to wait for me, but tonight's there's something different in his eyes. It's a fire and it's new. I consider it a warning that he may be changing his mind about patiently waiting for me to get over a man I'll never see again. Or never stop loving.

We wrap up the show and the band heads backstage to the lounge. I'm exhausted as I fall onto the couch. I just want to go back to the hotel, shower, and crawl into bed so I can sleep for a year-or until this ache in my heart has left me. But I can't. Charlie wants to talk and there's no way I'm letting that conversation happen in either of our hotel rooms.

He sits next to me on the couch and I find myself alone with him. He reaches for my hand and cups it inside his while his thumb strokes the top of mine. "I want to talk about what's going on between us."

He's right. We have to talk about whatever this is. I need to tell him we aren't going to happen, so it's only right for him to know before he has a chance to say too much. "Okay, but I need to go first."

Charlie's hand releases mine and he moves it to my knee. He begins rubbing it the way Jack Henry would when we'd sit on the couch and talk. I catch myself closing my eyes so I can pretend it's my caveman's hand I feel-not Charlie's. "I already know what you're going to say and that's why I'm going first. I need to tell you how I feel before you have the opportunity to shoot me down."

That confirms it. He's about to make his move.

"I know you aren't over him. I'm not stupid. But I really believe I can make you forget him if you'll only let me try." He moves his hand higher up my thigh and twists his body so he's facing me. "Would it be so hard to let me in? Would it be so terrible if you let go of all your pain and found happiness with me?"

It's what I want-to be happy again-and sleep a whole night without seeing him in my dreams. In my sleeping fantasies, he's cradling my face with his hands and asking me if I want to try to make things work. Then I wake and my heart breaks all over again. It's a vicious cycle and as hard as I try, I can't make it stop.

I don't say anything-because I can't-and Charlie doesn't stop pleading his case. "Those who can't forget the past are condemned to relive it. That's what's happening to you, and it has to stop. You have to let him go. It's been three months. He's in Australia and you're here. The bastard hasn't even made an attempt to call you." He reaches for my face and his thumb catches the single tear rolling down my cheek. "I want to be the calm in your storm, not the shipwreck that takes you down. That's what he is to you."

He reaches for my face and leans over to kiss me. I let him because I'm desperate to feel anything besides this pain that consumes me night and day. It's smothering me and I die a little more each day.

Charlie's lips are soft and his kiss is gentle. There's nothing demanding about it. Or stimulating. And it's at this moment that I'm swallowed up by the fear that I may never find a man who makes me feel the way Jack Henry did.

The lounge door swings open and PJ breezes into the room. I jerk away, embarrassed at being caught kissing Charlie. He stops and looks surprised. "Sorry. Maybe I should've knocked but I had no idea you two were going to be lip-locked."

"No problem. We all share this lounge. You don't have to knock." I don't know what else to say.

He holds out a red rose for me. "You have an admirer."

I take the rose and bring it to my nose. Being given a bouquet of flowers isn't unusual after a show but I've never been given a single rose before. It seems so intimate. "A fan, I suppose?"

"I found this dude standing outside the door looking in here just now. I asked him who he was but he didn't say. He just told me to give you the rose and this guitar. Oh, and tell you he enjoyed the show-that you were 'fan-fucking-tastic.'" He puts the case at my feet and the world around me begins to spin way too fast.

It's my Martin. That can only mean Jack Henry was here. Right outside that door-that cracked door-while Charlie was kissing me.

I dash off the couch and run down the hallway, calling out for him like a maniac. "Jack Henry! Jack Henry!"

I have no idea which way to go, but I run toward the auditorium. It's empty other than the cleaning staff, so I run toward the lobby and out to the street where I pray I'll find him standing on the sidewalk.

It's storming and the raindrops pelting down sting as they hit my face. I reach up to push my wet hair from my eyes and that's when I see him. He's getting into a cab up the street. "Jack Henry!" I shout at the top of my lungs but he doesn't hear me. He's too far away. "Jack Henry!"

I run toward the car screaming his name and I reach the cab as it's leaving. I slam my hand across the top of the trunk as hard as I can before watching it pull away, taking him out of my life again.

"Nooo!" I scream so loudly, my vocal cords spasm. I drop to my knees there on the cold, wet concrete. I try to scream, and again, nothing comes out because my breath has been taken from me.

Please, don't leave. Please, don't be gone out of my life forever.

The cab moves for a moment but then I see the blurry, glowing red lights through the downpour against my face and heavy lens of tears covering my eyes. The cab's brake lights. The car has stopped, as have I-and then I see the back door open.

It's my Jack Henry.

He gets out of the cab and stands in the heavy rain looking back at me. I don't know how-because my body has turned to mush-but I'm off my knees and running toward him. I pummel him against the open door when I reach him and squeeze my arms around him tightly, using all the strength I can muster. My knees are far too weak to stand in his arms without falling. I bury my face against his neck and breathe him in. This is where I want to be forever-in Jack Henry's arms.

"Are you in or out, man?" I hear the driver call from inside the cab.

Jack Henry doesn't answer and I ease my tight grip on him so I can look into his eyes. I touch his face because I can't believe he's real. "You sort of have a beard. Almost. I love it. It's sexy."

As I cradle his face with my hands, I'm bothered by what I see. This should be the happiest moment of our lives-it is for me-but his expression leaves me with a different feeling. Something isn't right. "What's wrong?"

His face is pained. "We need to talk."

Of course, we need to talk but his tone makes me uneasy. If I'm being honest, it downright scares the shit out of me because it sounds so ominous. "Okay."

"Do you need to go inside to get your things?"

"Yes. But it'll only take a minute." I take his hand because I don't want to be away from him for even a second. I'm afraid he'll disappear. "I want you to come with me."

He leans inside and tells the driver, "I'm staying," before he shuts the door.

I grasp his hand tightly as we walk toward the entrance to the concert hall.

I'm certain he saw Charlie kiss me. Shit! He probably thinks I'm with him now. But I'll explain. I'll make him see that he'll always be the only one for me.

When we get to the door of the lounge, he stops. "I think I better stay out here."

Yeah. He definitely saw Charlie kiss me.

"I won't be long."

I walk through the lounge door and Charlie is still sitting in the same spot I left him. I have no idea what to say to him. He's spent the last two months patiently pursuing me in the sweetest manner. It's going to be painful for him for a while, but my heart knows it's the only way. He deserves to be someone's everything, not second place to a man I could never stop loving.

I sit next to him to explain-because he's a friend and I feel I owe him that-but he already knows. I see it on his face. "He chose to come for you on the night I planned to make my big move."

I nod because I can't answer. Charlie loves me and has been so kind the last two months. It's painful to hurt him like this.

His forearms are propped on his thighs as he leans forward, staring at the floor. "That's good. You deserve to be happy. But I sure wish he'd come before I had the chance to fall in love with you."

Dammit. Why does this have to be so hard? "I'm sorry. I truly didn't intend for that to happen."

He continues staring at the floor and I suspect it's because he doesn't want me to see the tears in his eyes. "I know, and it's not your fault. You're just too damn easy to love. You told me from the beginning you didn't think you could love anyone else after him. Now you'll never have to try."

I want to tell him he deserves so much more than me and reassure him he'll find the one to give him all the love he deserves, but he's not in a place where he's ready to hear that. "I have to go, Charlie."

"Of course you do." He looks up at me. I was right. He has huge tears in his eyes and my heart breaks for him. "Don't forget that the bus pulls out at nine sharp tomorrow."

Is he afraid I won't come back? "I'll be there." I pick up my Martin and place it on the couch next to him. "Can you ask the crew to be sure this makes it onto the bus?"

"Sure."

Jack Henry is waiting for me in the hallway. He's standing on the far side of the corridor and I wonder if it's because he's afraid he might overhear something Charlie has to say. He walks in my direction when he sees me. "Where do you want to go?"

I want to go wherever I can get naked with Jack Henry and show him how much I've missed him. And I don't want to risk running into any of the band or crew. "Where are you staying?"

"I have a suite at the Fairmont."

"I want you to take me there."

We're both silent in the cab on the way to the hotel. He looks straight ahead while I stare at him from where I'm sitting. I'm sure he must see me but I don't care. I can't stop because I'm afraid he'll disappear like a phantom.

I want him to kiss me like crazy all the way to the hotel, but he doesn't. In fact, he never even looks in my direction. I wish I were brave enough to reach for his hand so I could get some kind of reaction from him, but I don't. I'm too afraid-I'm not sure where his head is after seeing Charlie kiss me.

This isn't going to be good. Why did he have to see that?

We walk through the luxurious hotel lobby and get onto the elevator. I'm closed up with him and two other people in the tiny space for only a minute or so, but the sexual tension we're radiating is almost suffocating. I want him so badly, it hurts. I need to touch him, to feel his skin against mine.

I don't have time to brush up next to him because the elevator arrives on the sixth floor where his suite is located. After the door clicks behind us, my heart, and my body, rejoice. We are alone at last. And I'm scared to death.

We've been apart for three months and another man is kissing me when Jack Henry sees me for the first time. The situation is a nightmare that never factored into any dreams or fantasies I had about our reunion.

Damn, this sucks. What is he thinking? Is he angry with me? Or hurt? Or worse-maybe he doesn't care enough to feel pain or anger. I can't tell because he's being so obscure.

The air conditioning is on and the room is really cold. I'm soaked to the bone and feel myself shivering. Or maybe I'm trembling from fear. Either way, he takes notice. "You're drenched and freezing to death. Go take a hot shower to warm up and we'll talk after you're finished."

I think it's a bad sign he doesn't want to take me to bed and strip me out of these cold, wet clothes so he can warm me up himself. That's what my Jack Henry would do, without any hesitation at all.

"Okay," I say, feeling deflated. This isn't what I had in mind. I'd hoped he'd want me as much as I want him. But he doesn't.

I go into the bathroom and look at myself in the mirror. Holy shit, I look awful. No wonder he wants me to shower. Who wants to look at this? I look like a drowned raccoon thanks to the black mascara smudged under my eyes. Beetlejuice never looked this shitty.

I turn the water on as hot as I can tolerate and step under the raining heat. It feels good and I warm up in a matter of minutes. I use his masculine products to wash my hair and body and I remember the way these scents mix with his skin to create the most intoxicating essence. Oh, I have missed his smell.

I hurry through my shower because I'm eager to be with him. Next to him. Hopefully, under him.

Once I'm out, I blow-dry my hair using the hotel-provided dryer. I flip my head up and my tresses are wild and untamed. I could really use a brush. I rummage through my purse and find an old one floating around in the bottom. I brush out the tangles and wish I had a flatiron to smooth it down.

I use his toothpaste and my finger to brush my teeth before I slosh around a mouthful of minty goodness. I would've preferred to have found a toothbrush in my purse to the hairbrush.

Two luxurious velour robes hang on the back of the door. I slip one on. I don't really want to wear it. I'd like to hang it back on the hook and walk out naked. But I don't because he says he wants to talk.

I come out of the bathroom and see him sitting on the couch. He's traded his wet clothes for a T-shirt and lounge pants like he used to wear around Avalon on his days off. He's drinking from a short, clear glass containing a dark amber liquid over ice. I suspect it's some kind of whiskey, which isn't like my Jack Henry at all. He never drank straight whiskey before and I'm suddenly more afraid than I already was.

I stop just outside the bathroom, unsure what to do. He watches me from where he's sitting. He seems looser than when we arrived, and I wonder how many of those little amber drinks he had while I was in the shower.

He holds up his glass. "Want a drink?"

"No. But thank you."

He shakes his glass to settle the ice. "Come sit with me."

I don't say anything but I walk over and lower myself onto the seat right next to him. I don't know if that's where he wants me, but it's where I want to be. I twist so I'm facing him-I have to look into his brilliant blue eyes. I don't want to go another minute without searching them for all the things he's about to tell me. Good or bad.

He puts his glass away and reaches for my hand. He brings it to his lips and closes his eyes as he presses a kiss into my skin and strokes my hand against his scruffy face. "I've missed you so much, Laurelyn."

My stomach flips before it races my heart up toward my throat to see which can get there first. He's facing me now and I can't resist reaching out to touch his cheek. "I've missed you too-more than you could ever know."

He turns his face toward my palm and covers the top of my hand with his. "Believe me-I know all too well what it's like missing you. I've been a mess since you left me. I thought I would lose my mind before I found you. You didn't make it easy on me, Miss Laurelyn Paige Prescott."

He just said my name-the whole thing. "How long have you been trying to find me?"

"Since the week you left."

Three months? My head is reeling. All this time I believed he hadn't given me a second thought because he was too busy screwing number fourteen. I was wrong. He's been looking for me all this time.

And that's when I can stand it no longer. I have to feel him against me. I put my knees on each side of his hips so that I'm straddling him, as I've done so many times before. I bring my mouth down on his and he reaches for the back of my head to pull me closer.

We shared a multitude of kisses while we were together, but never one like this. I can't label it because this isn't the kiss of a man making a temporary arrangement with a woman he cares nothing about. This is different from anything I ever felt while in Australia.

He pulls away from our kiss but presses his forehead against mine. "Please tell me you're not in love with him."

Him? Oh. It takes a moment for me to realize who he means-Charlie. "No! I'm not in love with him."

I look into his eyes and I can see that my denial isn't going to suffice. "But you let him touch you...and kiss you," he says through gritted teeth, as though it pains him to say the words.

I don't want to have this conversation right now. And even though I want him to take me to bed and make up for all the time we've lost, I know we have to talk about what he saw. "I've spent the last three months in agony believing that you cared nothing for me. I just needed an escape from this emotional roller coaster. I thought Charlie might help me forget you for a little while."

He drops his head back against the couch and squeezes his eyes shut. I can see he's about to say something and his expression tells me it isn't going to come easy for him. And that terrifies me.

Chapter Eight

Shit! Am I too late? Has she let this Charlie guy into her bed so she could forget me?

I am a selfish bastard, and undeniably a possessive one, when it comes to Laurelyn. I don't want her happier with another man and I'm petrified that she is. I fear he's giving her the things I didn't. And telling her the words I should have but refused to say because I was too stubborn to see the truth.

I squeeze my eyes shut as I brace myself for her answer to the question I'm bloody terrified to ask. "Did you let him f**k you?"

Laurelyn won't lie to me, but that's only one of the reasons I'm scared to death. I stare into the blackness behind my lids. I won't be able to bear it if she tells me she let him get inside her. I don't know how to handle that.

I feel her hands on my face. "Look at me." I don't know if I can until I know she hasn't been with another man. "Please, look at me."

I've never been more frightened in my life, but I open my eyes because it's what she's asking me to do. Her face is so serious. I think she's contemplating how to say the words, how to break my heart gently and kill me slowly.

I stare at her caramel eyes and wait for the verdict as she strokes her hands down my face. "Jack Henry." I hear her say my name and I'm ready to fall at her feet. "There's been no other man since you-not inside my head, my heart, or my body." She reaches for my hand and brings it to rest over her heart. "No other man will ever reside here. It's reserved for you alone."

I hear the breath I'm holding escape in relief. Words don't have a way of describing the solace I'm experiencing.

I feel her heart speeding beneath my hand where she's holding it. It's keeping pace with mine perfectly.

I bring my other hand to her chest and stroke my fingertips across her skin to push the robe away from her shoulders. I lean forward and inhale deeply after I place a single kiss between her bared br**sts. She has her own feminine fragrance-despite the scent of my body wash-and it drives me crazy. I can't get enough of it; I've missed it so much.

I reach for the velour belt around her waist and pull. I part the lush fabric and push it away so I can see her bareness, but simply gazing at her could never suffice. Looking has never been enough when it comes to Laurelyn. I have to touch her. And I do. "You're even more beautiful than I remember."

I grasp her thighs straddling me and run my hands up until I reach her hips and squeeze. My palm flat against her stomach, I slide it to her chest and back down again.

I lean forward and take her rosy pink nipple into my mouth and I feel it grow hard as I circle it with the tip of my tongue. She puts her hand behind my head and pulls me closer as she arches her back and drops her head. I hear a moan escape her lips.

She's naked beneath her robe and squirming against my hard cock. Only the fabric of my pants and undies separates us, but I don't think that will last much longer since it feels like I could potentially split my pants at any moment. I don't think I've ever wanted her this badly.

In an instant, I'm off the couch and carrying her to the bed, her legs wrapped around my waist as she holds tightly around my shoulders. During our travel from the living room to the bedroom, she pulls her arms out of the robe and lets it drop to the floor.

I deposit her on the bed and she's entirely naked-except for the diamond star pendant around her neck-and I can't stop the smile that spreads across my face. "You're wearing your birthday gift."

She reaches up to touch it where it's resting against the dip of her throat. "I haven't taken it off once since the last time you put it on me."

Bloody hell I love this girl.

I'm pleases me to no end that she has always kept this piece of me with her while we were apart. I think knowing she wore my gift so close to her heart makes me love her even more-if that's a possibility.

I lower myself down against Laurelyn and bring our mouths together. I'm desperate to feel her tongue against mine and taste my American girl's sweet lips. She opens her mouth to invite me in and it's better than I remember. Her tongue rolls in waves against mine as they reunite to share an intimate dance they've not experienced in a while.

My kiss is aggressive because it's been far too long since I've felt Laurelyn. I don't know how to be anything but vigorous when it comes to her. She retreats to catch her breath and I glide my mouth down her neck toward her shoulder. "I love these little patches of freckles. I've missed kissing them."

She giggles softly and I move my mouth down her chest. Her laughter stops and I hear a sharp intake of air as I suck her breast into my mouth. I hear her groan, "Ohh," as I pull on her nipple until it's hard and elongated. I use my teeth to scrape it gently because I know how sensitive her ni**les are and how easily she's turned on when I do that. I'm not playing favorites so I move to the other one and give it the same treatment before I migrate lower.

She's stretched out on the bed and I can't resist looking at her stomach. I rub my hand over her abdomen below her piercing and the memory of her half-taken birth control pack forces its way to the front of my thoughts. I can't stop myself from wondering-or maybe even hoping-there's a part of me growing inside her. It's unbelievable that I can picture her with my baby on the way and be okay with that.

I lower my mouth to her belly to place kisses against it and I feel Laurelyn's hand glide through my hair. I peer up at her. She's lifted her head so she can look at me. "What's with the special interest there?"

I'm not bringing it up now; it's not the right time. I don't want anything to stand in the way of me being inside her. "Nothing," I whisper as I move lower but skip the place I know she wants my mouth most. I want to make this last for as long as possible.

I'm kneeling between her legs and I lift her foot to kiss it when I notice something that wasn't there three months earlier-black script lettering wrapping around the inside of her ankle. "What is this?"

She props up on her elbows and gives me her patented smart-arse look that says what do you think it is? She doesn't have to say the words because I can read them on her face. Some things never change, but I must admit I'm glad. I've missed her attitude. It's refreshing. No other woman has ever given me hell like Laurelyn-except Margaret McLachlan.

I've always heard men marry women like their mothers. Maybe that's why I love my American girl so much.

My thoughts return to the question at hand and I tilt my head so I'm able to see what the tattoo says as I read it aloud. "He is always the song I sing." I look up at her. "When did you have this done?"

"A couple weeks after I returned from Australia."

I think her tattoo refers to me-at least I hope it does-but I want to know for sure. I can't assume anything at this point. "Tell me who he is."

She sighs as she shakes her head. "Do I have to say the words for you to know?"

Yes. "Shit, yeh. I want to hear you say it."

"It's you, Jack Henry. It will always be you in every song I sing."

"I love it." She watches me kiss the spot where she has marked me on her body forever. "I want to be your song, Laurelyn." I move up her leg and kiss the inside of her thigh. "Always." Without breaking eye contact, I move my mouth to the inside of her other thigh. "And forever."

She closes her eyes and falls back against the bed. I hear her panting as I inch my mouth closer to the spot where she wants it-where she needs it most. Her legs are trembling as I push them apart. I press my nose against the smooth skin there and inhale deeply. "I love the way you smell."

She's writhing beneath me. I lower my mouth until I'm hovering between her legs, but I don't touch her. I make certain she can feel my warm breath. I hear her whisper, "Please...Jack Henry...don't make me beg," as she lifts her hips closer to my mouth. Her shifting tells me that she's dying for my soft, wet tongue to lick her.

I bet I could make her come without even touching her, but we'll save that little trick for another time.

I kiss her across the top of her pubic bone. "Do you remember how easy it is for me to make you come with my mouth?"

"No. Remind me," she whispers, lifting her hips again.

"Let me see if I can jog your memory a little." I butterfly kiss her drenching wet center before I slide my tongue up the middle. I hear her moan, "Ohh...ohh...don't you dare stop."

She tastes so f**king good, I wouldn't dream of stopping.

She's breathing deep and loud as she rocks her pelvis up and down against my mouth. I can tell how much she's missed this. And I have too. Words can't express how much but her sounds of satisfaction are giving me a pretty good indication of the degree. I'm feeling sure that I haven't forgotten her favorite way to get off.

I flatten my tongue against her and slowly lick her core up and down. I know how much she loves it that way. I'm reassured she's getting exactly what she needs from me when she begins to rock her hips harder. I want to give her the best orgasm of her life, so I slide one finger inside her-and then a second-as I continue to use my tongue above the entry of my fingers. The stimulation of my warm, moist tongue combined with my fingers sliding in and out has Laurelyn screaming my name as she fists my hair to pull me closer.

Her legs are trembling and a moment later, she goes limp and releases my hair. Her breathing deepens and slows, a contrast to the panting of just moments ago.

One down.

I lick my lips to collect the last taste of Laurelyn before I sit up to remove my T-shirt. I toss it to the floor and slide off the edge of the bed so I can remove my pants and undies. When I'm as naked as she is, I crawl up her body, stopping along my way to place another kiss against her belly. God, I wish I knew if there was a little miracle growing inside her right now.

I settle between her legs and we're face to face. Heart to heart. Skin on skin. She reaches for my face and strokes her fingertips down my cheeks. "This scruff is extra...stimulating."

I'm pretty sure that's a good thing. Maybe even great. "More stimulating, huh? Does that mean you want me to keep it?"

"Abso-fucking-lutely," she says with a mischievous grin. "I would have hidden your razors had I known what that kind of scruff would feel like when you went down."

She's being funny but what I'm about to say isn't at all comical. I prop on my elbows so I'm not crushing her with my weight, and I take her face in my hands so we're eye to eye. "I love you, Laurelyn Paige Prescott." Her eyes tear up and I press my forehead to hers because I can't watch. I've never been able to stand seeing her cry. "Please don't cry, baby."

She grabs my head and pushes it away from hers. I'm forced to look at her and watch the tears roll down the sides of her face. "They're happy tears-the best kind-because I love you too and I'm so very happy."

She has a million and one reasons to tell me to f**k off-and she probably should-but I can see that she isn't going to. By some miracle, she still loves me. "You're the only angel in my life, Laurelyn."

She grabs me behind my neck and brings my mouth down to hers. She kisses me softly and slowly and when she releases me, her mouth is still against mine so I feel the movement of her lips. "Make love to me."

I'm still nestled between her legs. She brings them up and parts them wider for me to get closer. I'm hard and ready against her drenched entrance, but I don't know if I should use a condom. I don't want to ruin the moment by asking and frankly, I don't want her to tell me I need one. I want to be inside her without anything between us, so I relinquish the entire control of contraception to this woman I absolutely adore.

She knows I'm about to go in. If she doesn't tell me we need a condom, then there's only two options: she's either back on track with her pills or she's already pregnant with my baby.

As if she senses the battle raging inside my head, she lifts her hips against me and coaxes my tip inside of her. She rocks her hips and it's all the invitation I need. I slide my remaining length into her until I'm as deep as I can be in this position.

Oh, f**k! She feels so good. I have missed being inside of her so much.

I've only made love to Laurelyn one other time. I didn't realize how I felt about her then. But now, I know I love her. There's not a bit of doubt in my mind. "It's been so long since I felt you-far too long."

I'm sliding in and out of her and I'm overcome by the need to tell her what she means to me. I trail kisses up her neck until my mouth hovers over her ear. "I love you so much, Laurelyn. I swear I do." I can't stop feeling like I need to tell her over and over to make up for all the times I didn't.

Her hands leave my back and she runs her fingers through my hair. Her nails gently scrape my scalp and goosebumps form all over my body. "I love you too, Jack Henry. So very much."

I slow my thrusts because I want this to go on forever and ever. My hands find hers and I bring them above her head where I lace our fingers together tightly. She is my everything and I'm never letting her get away again.

She opens her eyes and they watch mine as I move above her. As I'm sliding in and out, I can't help but notice how incredibly tight she is. There's not a doubt in my mind-no other man has been inside her. I believed her when she said that there hadn't been another, but feeling her like this gives me a bit more satisfaction. And pleasure.

I thrust the last few times before I'm about to come. I don't ask her if I need to pull out. I'm sure she'd tell me if she wanted me to. "Oh, Laurelyn," I groan as I squeeze her hands and thrust one last time as I come inside her. She brings her legs up around my waist and crosses her ankles behind my back. She uses the strength in her legs to bring me closer until there's not a bit of space between us.

Mmm. Coming inside her. That's something else I've missed.

I pull out after I'm completely emptied and satiated. I roll to my back and pull Laurelyn to lie against my chest. I rub my hand up and down her arm. She's still cold, so I reach for the covers and bring them up over us.

I'm still catching my breath as I kiss the top of her head and hold her tightly. This is the place I want to be always-anywhere that includes my American girl wrapped in my arms. "It was a mistake to not tell you how I felt. It's haunted me since the day I came home and found you gone. You'll never know how sorry I am for letting you slip through my fingers. But it won't happen again because I'm never letting you go. Ever."

She has no idea about the future I want with her-that I want her to be my wife-but I don't dare bring that up right now. I don't want to frighten her with talk of marriage. She can't possibly be in a place where she'd trust me enough, so I choose to postpone that conversation for another time.

Her hand is on my chest and she's rubbing it back and forth over my nipple. "If you knew you loved me, why couldn't you say it?"

"I denied what I was feeling for you. I told myself I didn't know what my feelings were. It all felt so complex at the time, and I wanted to avoid the complications. But as hard as I tried, I couldn't evade loving you. You made me fall hard. I've never loved a woman until you."

She lifts her face from my chest to look up at me. "It took everything in me to not come running back to Australia to beg you to have me. I know I wasn't supposed to, but I had the number to the phone you used for calling me. I can't tell you how many times I thought about calling it, just to see if you would answer. But I was terrified of you turning me away. I couldn't have taken it if you had."

Incredible! All this time we were only one phone call away from one another.

"I've carried your mobile with me every day since you left. I knew you had the number because you used it to transfer our photos to your personal phone. I got your number from the phone records and tried calling you, but I was too late. You'd already canceled your service."

"Yeah. I had to switch and get a new number."

I don't want to hear the story behind that right now. I know it isn't going to sit well with me and I just want to enjoy this time together. "I never stopped hoping you'd call and I'd hear your voice on the other end."

"I wish I had. If I'd known how you felt, I would've called. Hell, I would've never left you in the first place. God, that must've been bad when you found my letter."

It was awful-the absolute worst day of my life.

There have been so many mistakes made between us, on my part and hers, and saying I love you didn't automatically mean she'd agree to live happily ever after with me. "What if I've changed my mind and decided I want complicated? What if I want to try?"

Her finger is on my stomach and she's tracing that invisible infinity symbol like she always does when she's nervous. "When I fell before, you didn't catch me."

She's right. She told me she loved me and I let her down. But never again. Never. "I'll always be sorry for that, Laurelyn. You've never had a single person in your life who didn't let you down, but that's not who I'm going to be. I swear I'll be there for you, if you'll let me."

Because of the men in Laurelyn's past, she's destined to have trust issues and she's never hidden this from me. We didn't have problems with it when our agreement defined very clear expectations, but a normal relationship will be different. I'm certain it won't come easy for us, but I'm prepared to do anything it takes to be with her.

"I can't lie. This-me and you-scares the shit out of me."

I'd be worried if she weren't frightened. "Me too, but wouldn't you rather be scared together than be miserable apart? Because I know that's what I'd be without you."

"You're right. I've done the being-miserable-apart thing for the last three months and it blows. I'm ready to try the scared-shitless-together part."

Chapter Nine

I turn my back to Jack Henry and snuggle against him. It hasn't been quite long enough but I know he's going to have me again as soon as he's ready. I'm definitely willing whenever all systems are go.

His hand slides around my waist and he rubs it in a circular motion on my stomach again. He seems to be hung up on that area tonight for some reason. I cup my hand over his. "Are you discovering a second time how much you like my belly-button piercing? You can't seem to stay away from it tonight."

"Your piercing isn't what I'm fixated on."

Hmm...that sounds interesting. Maybe he's already revving up for round two. That was quicker than expected, but it has been a long time. I scoot back so I'm pressed against him. "Then what has you so mesmerized tonight?"

He doesn't make a move or answer right away. "I found your birth control pills after you were gone."

"Oh." I knew I'd left them somewhere in the bedroom, so I'm not at all surprised by him bringing that up. I suspect he probably had quite the come-apart when he found them since I already know how badly he wants to avoid a pregnancy.

"There were two nights we didn't use condoms about the time you missed your pills. I didn't even attempt to pull out, so you can understand why I would've spent the last three months wondering if you were pregnant." He pushes my hair aside and kisses the back of my neck. "Don't be afraid to tell me if you are because of that f**ked-up misunderstanding we had at my parents' house." His mouth is hovering over my ear and he sucks my lobe. "I love you so much and I swear I'd love our baby too."

Just when I think I can't love this man more, he says something like that and I fall even deeper.

I reach for his hand splayed on my stomach and lace my fingers through his. He clenches it tightly as he waits for me to answer his question. "I'm not pregnant."

But right now he sure makes me wish I were.

"I caught up on the pills I missed with a new pack as soon as I got home."

He doesn't act relieved the way I'd expect. Did he want me to be pregnant? Before this moment, I thought he would've freaked out big time over a pregnancy, but his telling me that he'd love our baby makes me think otherwise.

"I had to ask, Laurelyn. It was driving me crazy thinking you might have our baby growing inside you but were too afraid to tell me because of how foolish I acted before."

"I probably would've been scared to tell you." Hell, who am I kidding? I would've been petrified to tell him I was having his baby. "Just so you know, I'm not on the pill anymore because of my migraines. I had an IUD placed since it didn't look like I'd be wanting to have children any time in the near future."

"I would've been okay with it if you were. I meant what I said. I love you and I'd love our baby."

It never ceases to amaze me how much this man can make me desire him. I'm not sure if it's his hands on my body or hearing him promise to love our baby that never was, but one of the two has me wanting him fiercely.

I'm already grinding my bottom against his groin when I realize what I'm doing and I feel how hard he is against me. Yeah, it's been long enough for him to be ready again. He slides his hand from my stomach to between my legs and I feel his mouth against the skin on my neck.

He cups his hand between my legs and rubs me until he ignites each and every nerve ending from my waist down. I have no doubt that he remembers exactly what my body needs as he circles the area around my most sensitive spot.

When I rock my hips against his hand, he glides two fingers inside me and uses his thumb to slowly massage my ecstasy controller and the responsive area around it. I begin to feel those earth-shattering contractions as they initiate deep inside me. The sensations are coming hard and fast because he's too damn good at this. I think he suspects the rush coming over me because he slows the motion of his fingers, but it only ends up applying more deliberate pressure and I spiral even faster. The escalating pleasure is everywhere-in my groin, down my legs, making them stiffen, even radiating to my toes, curling them. In this moment, Jack Henry holds total power over me, which I have a feeling he covets, and I freely give myself to him.

When I reach the end of my orgasm, I melt against him. "Woo. That was another pleasant reminder."

"You know that I'm not even close to being done yet, baby."

Of course he isn't. My caveman never is. "Good."

He kisses the back of my neck as his hands gently explore my body. But I want...more. I reach over my head so I can touch him behind me and he kisses the side of my face. "Jack Henry, you've already made love to me-and it was absolutely wonderful-but it's been three months since we were together and I really just need you to f**k me hard."

I hear his husky laughter next to my ear. "Baby, you don't have to tell me twice." He takes my hands and lifts both of them above my head as he uses his hips to coax me onto my stomach. "Face down."

Face down. It sounds so dirty the way he says it. And I love it. From behind-it's one of his favorite positions and he's incredibly talented at it, so I know this is going to be great.

I roll with him and he's holding my arms captive above my head. He scoots me up in the bed and places my palms flat against the headboard. He nips at my earlobe and whispers, "Whatever you do, don't bend your arms."

"Whatever you say." I'll do anything this man tells me to in this moment.

His knees are on the outside of my thighs forcing my legs together-not his usual method at all-and I feel him pushing against my bottom as he grips my hips. I'm still slick from his se**n so he easily slides inside me after he finds the perfect angle.

Oh my...this is different. We've never done it like this before.

The position is unexpected because he's pushing my legs together instead of apart but it feels incredible. He presses my hips into the bed, pounding me into the mattress each time he thrusts deeper. Now I know why he wanted my arms locked. He knew he'd slam my head into the headboard and give me a concussion if I didn't give him some resistance.

Jack Henry follows instructions well. I tell him to f**k me hard and he doesn't disappoint. He never does.

I feel his warm skin all over my back when he lowers his body against mine. I hear his ragged breath in my ear. His thrusts are slower but still hard and deep. I know what that means; he's already close to coming so I wait to hear him call out my name. But he doesn't. Instead, I hear him groan into my ear, "Ohh, I f**king love you," as he pushes deep inside me one last time.

I don't think those words are supposed to go together, or that I'm supposed to like hearing them this much, but Jack Henry totally makes it work for me.

He's catching his breath as he kisses my shoulder over the patches of freckles he told me he missed. I peer back at him. "I f**king love you too."

He laughs as he kisses my back between my shoulder blades. He pulls out and trails kisses down my spine. I innately arch my back as chills erupt over my skin. His mouth moves to my lower back and I feel his tongue sweep across the dip he loves so much. His little back fetish can be so weird sometimes but I must admit, I love feeling his wet tongue on my skin. "I've had withdrawals from not being able to taste this little salty spot after I've finished f**king you."

"You're such a weirdo." I wonder if there's a name for his strange obsession.

"I know but you love it." His mouth moves down to my ass cheek and he bites it playfully.

"A sweat-licking, ass-biting freak-that's what you are," I laugh as I turn over to face him.

He rolls with me and brings my head to rest against his chest. I hitch my leg over him and he rubs his hand up and down my thigh until he reaches my cheek and squeezes. "It's true. I'm a confirmed sweat-licking arse-biter. But that only applies to this sweet bum, baby."

Only my sweet bum, huh?

I'm in total bliss but I know what a highly sexual being Jack Henry is and I can't stop myself from wondering if there have been other women in his bed the last three months. He asked me if I'd been with Charlie, so don't I have the right to know if he's been with other women?

Hell yeah, I have every right to know, but does that mean I can handle it if there have been women taking my place? I don't know. Not knowing is torture but I also know I'd be in agony if he told me he'd been intimate with another woman. I'm not sure I can stand hearing those words, so I debate if I want to go to that place with no return.

I have to know. "You asked me if I'd been with Charlie. Now I'm asking you the same question. Have you been with others?"

He laughs but I don't because I find no humor in my question. "I ask you if you've been with one man and you ask me if I've been with others. Plural, as in more than one."

"Or plural as in many."

He slaps my ass and squeezes it hard as he pulls me near. "Baby, my c**k has only been acquainted with Mrs. Palmer and her five sisters."

He didn't say there hadn't been women in his bed. "Answer me. Does that mean there haven't been other women over the last three months?"

He rubs his palm over my ass cheek where he slapped me. "I haven't been inside another woman since you."

I'm not sure I've ever felt more relieved. "Good. Let's keep it that way."

Chapter Ten

As I tell her that I haven't been inside another woman, I'm being honest, but it's only a half-truth. There has been another woman and it was a close call. It's true that I didn't f**k her, but I have no doubt in my mind that what I did with her will count for something in Laurelyn's book. I'll have to tell her about it at some point, but now isn't the time. Right now, I just want to hold her in my arms and make up for lost time.

I'm trailing my fingertips softly up and down her spine when she lifts her face from my chest. I think she's searching my eyes for the truth. "I believe you."

Now I feel even worse as I look at her smiling up at me. Just like that, she believes me so easily. I'm such a selfish dick because I choose to have this perfect time with her rather than man up and be totally honest.

She puts her face back on my chest and I'm grateful because I don't want her looking into the windows of my soul. I'm afraid she'll see my deceit.

She places her palm flat on my chest and begins moving her hand in a slow circular motion. "Tell me about everyone back home."

I start my family update by telling her about the morning Mum stormed into my place at Sydney and beat me with her purse after I confessed the truth about our relationship. Laurelyn shoots straight up in the bed and twists to look at me. "Your mother knows about our agreement?"

"Yeah, and she was none too happy with me about it."

She covers her eyes with her hand and scrunches her nose. "Oh, God. Margaret has to think I'm the biggest whore for sharing a bed with you for three months without telling you my name."

"Mum thinks no such thing. She loves you."

She takes her hand from her eyes. "I'd think I was a slut if I were her."

"But she doesn't think that about you at all." I debate saying the next words but decide I want to so I can see her reaction. "She wants me to bring you back and make you her daughter-in-law." I'm quite certain Mum would also settle for me making Laurelyn her daughter-in-law and then bringing her back.

I don't come right out and say that I want to marry her. I don't even say I'm the one who wants it, but I do. I really do and I can't mistake the shocked expression on Laurelyn's face. She clearly wasn't expecting me to say anything remotely close to talk of making her my wife.

I told myself I wouldn't mention marriage for fear of scaring her off, but I don't see fear in her eyes. It's something entirely different and it gives me hope-hope that she might have me as her husband.

She's doing that thing again where she's searching my face. I think she's looking for a clue as to what's on my mind so she'll know how to respond. "Umm...those sound like some pretty big plans Margaret has for me."

That is such a Laurelyn move. She answers me without answering me, and I recognize that as her signature defense mechanism. She's using it because she's afraid, so I owe it to her to take the first step. I love this woman and I can do it for her if she needs me to.

There was a time when she was able to bare her heart and soul to me, and I'll make sure she trusts me that way again.

"Laurelyn, I never expected to love you but I do...with every fiber of my being." She breaks into a huge grin when she recognizes my use of her words from the letter she left for me. "I've spent the last three months learning how me without you feels, and I've hated every minute. I never want to do it again." I reach for her hand and lace my fingers through hers. This isn't me proposing-because I want that to be something unforgettable-but I'm going to tell her how much I want to marry her one day soon so we can talk about our future and how we'll compromise to make things work. "I want...," I start but I'm interrupted by my mobile ringing-Margaret McLachlan's ringtone. Her timing couldn't be worse and she'd keel over if she knew what she'd just prevented me from doing.

"Who'd be calling you this time of night?" I wasn't planning to take my mum's call because I don't want this time interrupted, but I hear the suspicion in Laurelyn's voice and know I'm left without a choice. I have to take Mum's call so I can put Laurelyn's unease to rest. It has no place between us.

"It's my mum. She doesn't always consider the time change between Sydney and Nashville." But I know the real reason behind her call. She knew I was going after a big lead tonight to locate the woman I thought was Laurelyn. She's checking in to see if all is well.

I slide out of bed, completely naked, to retrieve my phone. Laurelyn props up on one elbow to watch me cross the room. "That's a mighty fine view I've been missing."

"I'm going to show you some other things you've been missing too," I laugh before I take Margaret McLachlan's call. "Hi, Mum."

She cuts straight to the chase. "I know it's late where you are, but I couldn't stand it. I have to know if you found her."

"Yes, Mum. She's with me now."

She squeals like a child. "Oh, that's wonderful news-exactly what I was hoping to hear. Are things going as you hoped they would?"

This is Margaret's code for asking, without actually asking, if we're making up for lost time. "They were."

"I interrupted whatever you were doing?"

"Indeed you did."

"Son, if you stopped to answer the phone, then you weren't doing whatever well enough and you need to get back to her and do it better. Don't answer the phone next time."

Damn. I just got zinged by my mum. "I'm gonna let that one slide, old girl. We'll call you later when we're finished doing whatever."

"Please do, because I want to know everything." She can forget that. "I love you, son, and I'm so proud of you. I won't ask to talk to her now, but please tell Laurelyn how happy I am and that I miss her terribly."

"I will and I love you too."

I end the call and silence my phone before I drop it on the couch. There'll be no more interruptions from that little noisemaker tonight.

I return to bed and slide in next to Laurelyn. She doesn't hesitate in scooting closer to put her head on my chest, wrapping her arm and leg around me. "I presume Margaret is pleased?"

"Yes. She's satisfied with me for the first time in months. She asked me to tell you how happy she is and that she misses you." I thought she'd lose her mind when we figured out that finding Laurelyn wasn't going to be as easy as originally thought.

"I miss her too and I'm glad she's so easy to please."

Easy is a subjective word. "I don't know that I'd call her easily pleased. I'm certain her preoccupation with Em being pregnant again is the only thing that saved me from getting my neck wrung."

Her face lights up in a way that I only see when she talks about babies. "Aww, Emma and Evan are having a third. When?"

"She's not due until mid-September but she always has preterm labor and delivers about six weeks early, so we're predicting sometime in August."

"She told me they were finished having babies," she laughs.

"They were but they had an oops." As soon as I say the word oops, I realize my mistake because Laurelyn was an unplanned pregnancy.

"Then this baby and I already have one thing in common."

I feel like such an arse. "I'm sorry. Oops was a bad choice of words. He was a surprise, one that they are both very happy about now."

She quickly gets that glow back. "It's a boy?"

"That's what they tell us."

"Two girls and a boy. That sounds like a perfect little family to me."

I remember her saying she wanted at least two. "You think three is a good number?"

"Yeah, I think three sounds wonderful."

Hmm. Three. I never even saw myself with one until a few months ago. Now, I have to get used to the idea of three. But I can and I will for Laurelyn. If she wants three, then that's how many she'll have.

I wake from the best night's sleep I've had in months, and it's because my beloved is by my side. I didn't wake in a panic and reach out for her in the night only to find her side of the bed empty. In fact, I don't recall waking at all until this moment.

I feel like a trellis the way Laurelyn's wrapped around me. It's a first because she hates being touched while she sleeps. She has always insisted on having her space, preferably while she is lying on her stomach with the covers riding low to expose her lower back.

Although I lie perfectly still, it's as if she can sense my brain waking and her eyes flutter open. When I see her caramel eyes staring back at me, I can't stop the smile that spreads across my face or resist kissing the top of her brunette head. "Good morning."

"Why, yes-it is a very good morning indeed. And it'll get even better if you'll give me a second in the bathroom."

She gives me a quick kiss on the mouth and I think she's going to jump up for the bathroom but she doesn't. Instead, she strokes her hand along my jawline. "I've missed feeling the roughness of your face against my skin in the mornings, but this is even better than before."

That's all it takes for me, reminded of our early morning naughties, to get ready for what I want to do to her. "Don't linger in the bathroom for long or I'll come in after you."

She has that look in her eye-a challenge-daring me. "You wouldn't."

I grab her hand and bring it down to wrap around my c**k so she can feel how hard it is for her. "You better believe I'll be busting through that door in two minutes if you don't have your sweet arse back out here."

"Then maybe I need to work on this before I get out of bed."

She slides up and over until she's on top of me. I feel her warm breath beneath my ear where she's kissing my neck. "Do you like it when my mouth is on your neck right here?"

"Yes." And I do because she knows exactly how to hit that sensitive spot with her tongue.

"Good. I like it too."

She takes her time migrating down my body and stops when her mouth is in the center of my stomach. She scrapes her nails down my chest until she reaches the small patch of hair below my belly button. "Do you like my tongue here?"

"Yes," I hiss through gritted teeth because her fingers have wandered over to the ticklish spot on each side of my groin. She flattens her tongue against my stomach and drags it in one slow, upward motion and then drags her fingernails down through my happy trail. "But this isn't really where you want my mouth right now, is it?"

"No." It definitely is not the place I'm craving her lips most.

"Tell me where you want my mouth."

I reach for my c**k and stroke it under her chin in a come hither motion. "Baby, I'm dying for it to be all over this."

"Please don't die. You wouldn't get to enjoy this if you did," she says. A naughty grin spreads across her face as she goes down.

I feel her tongue sweeping over my tip and my body shudders involuntarily. I think I've grown more sensitive to the feel of her wet tongue while we've been apart. "Baby, that feels so damn good."

The curtains are pulled closed but there's a crack where they meet, allowing the proof of morning into the room. The daylight peeking through illuminates the room just enough for me to be able to see Laurelyn and the motions of what she's doing-sort of.

Her hair has fallen forward, blocking my view, so I reach down and gather her long brown locks into a fisted ponytail on the back of her head. Mmm. That's a beautiful sight.

I hold her hair in one hand and massage the back of her neck with my other while she performs what can only be described as an oral pole dance on my cock. That's my girl. Her body slides up, down, and around in a beautifully sexy way on a pole; her mouth does the same during a blowjob.

"You don't have a clue how f**king hot you look when you're doing that." She lifts her eyes and makes contact with mine. And that winds it up for me. I'm a goner. "I'm about to come," I warn her in case she doesn't want me to go in her mouth. But just like always, she keeps going. "Fuck," I groan as I release. "You give amazing head."

When she's finished, she inches up my body and makes a show of licking her lips. I can't resist asking, "Still tastes like chicken?"

"I don't know. You tell me," she laughs as she begins kissing my mouth. When she stops, she pulls back. "What do you think?"

"Hmm. I think I'd go with chicken cordon bleu."

"Funny...I was thinking jerk."

"Heeey!"

"Just kidding," she says as she leans in for a quick kiss. "Be right back."

I put my hands behind my head and my eyes soak up every inch of Laurelyn's beautiful naked body as she leaves the bed. I don't know how I'm lucky enough to love this beautiful woman and have her love me back. I never dreamed something so wonderful could be possible.

I'm in the middle of enjoying my euphoria when I hear a sound that doesn't belong to my phone, so I can only assume it's Laurelyn's. It's six o'clock and now I'm the one wondering who would be contacting her at this time of morning.

I admit I debate grabbing her phone from the nightstand to see who it is and what it says, but I don't. Instead I tell her about it when she returns to bed. She doesn't hesitate in reaching for it. She chews her bottom lip as she reads it and I remember that being something she did when she was perplexed.

"It's from Charlie." Great. Another man who's going to try to come between me and this woman I love. "He says the bus is leaving at eight instead of nine."

Suddenly, there's a huge elephant sitting in the bed between us. We both know the bus leaving means it will take her away from me. We're finally together after all this time and we've admitted how much we love each other, but there are all these complications we haven't had time to discuss. We have completely different lives, with so much distance between, and I have to wonder where I fit into all this.

There's one thing I know for certain. "I just found you and I'm not ready to let you go."

She tosses her phone on the bed. "I don't want to go, either, but I don't have a choice. We have a show in Austin tonight and the band is depending on me."

I rack my brain for a solution, even if it's only a temporary one. "You don't have to ride with them. I'll hire a driver with a limo to get us where you need to be."

She doesn't hesitate. "Okay, but all my stuff is on the bus. I need clothes, so I have to run down there before it leaves."

"Sure. How far is Austin from Dallas?"

"Umm...probably three hours or so," she says.

"And what time is your show?"

"I think it's at eight." She picks up her phone and then confirms, "Yeah. Eight o'clock."

I'm doing the math in my head. "You have a show in fourteen hours and it's a three-hour drive to get you there. I should probably factor in an hour for you to get ready and another hour for you to be there early. If I give you thirty minutes to get down to the bus and back, that should give us at least seven hours in this hotel suite before we have to leave."

She grins as she leans over to kiss me. "What in the world could we possibly do for seven hours in this suite with a king-sized bed and our choice of enormous tub or gigantic shower?"

I pull her over on top of me. "We're gonna continue making up for lost time, but seven hours won't come close to covering it, so we'll pick up again after your show tonight."

"I can't think of anything I'd rather do."

"I'll order room service and have breakfast waiting when you return. You want your usual? An omelet and orange juice?"

Her pleased expression tells me she likes that I remember her favorite breakfast. "Yeah. I'll take my usual. Although I've yet to find an omelet as good as Mrs. Porcelli's."

"And you won't until you're back in Australia with me." There it is-a huge complication we'll have to tackle at some point. But not now.

I change the subject quickly. I don't want her to put too much thought into my statement before we're able to discuss our plans for the future. "The quicker you get down to that bus, the quicker you'll get back so we can start on our seven-hour marathon."

"Then I'd better hurry."

Chapter Eleven

Seven hours. I thought it couldn't be done-and it probably couldn't with any other man-but who was I kidding? This is Jack Henry we're talking about. The man is an absolute sex machine. Hmm, lucky me.

It's crazy. We're riding in the back of the limo on the way to Austin after a seven-hour sex-a-thon and my thirst for him is no more quenched than it was when I rode that elevator up to his suite last night. This man can make me want him just by breathing.

I try to distract myself with conversation. "Addison called this morning when I went to get my things from the bus. I told her the whole story about us-you and me. She wasn't happy that I'd kept it from her all this time." Saying she wasn't happy is minimizing her reaction. She was downright pissed off.

"She's your best friend. I would be worried if she weren't upset."

"She's in Wagga Wagga with Zac. Did you know that?"

He turns his head briskly to look at me. "Addison Donavon is in Wagga Wagga," he laughs. "I guess that explains why Jim couldn't find her in the U.S. Incredible. She was in the same town as me all that time." He seems to be thinking about something. "It nearly killed me but I went to Ben's apartment to beg him for information about you after you were gone. He took great pleasure in withholding those details."

"I'm sorry Ben was such an ass."

"It's okay," he laughs. "I had an opportunity to see him again. He applied for an internship at Avalon and I took great pleasure in telling him to f**k off. You can't imagine the shock on his face when he walked into my office with his resume in hand. It was priceless."

"I bet he could've shit his pants. You should hire Zac. Addison told me he hadn't found an internship yet. They finished in the middle of the school year so all of the positions are taken by the previous class."

"I will if it's what you want." He's holding my hand and his thumb is rubbing the top of mine. "I'll do anything you ask of me." I watch as it slowly moves back and forth across my skin, and I'm reminded of where it was earlier as it performed a very similar motion. The memory ignites sparks that travel up my arm and down to the core of my groin. I press my legs together and wiggle in my seat to try to relieve the increasing desire, but it's useless. There's only one fix for it.

The sweet, seductive sound of "Don't Forget to Breathe" by Bitter:sweet begins playing and it only adds to my escalating arousal. Jack Henry takes notice of my growing restlessness. "Baby, are you all right? Do you need the driver to stop?"

The bathroom is not what I need right now. I'm embarrassed to admit that we made love all day and I still want him. That can't be normal. I swallow and clear my throat before I croak out, "I'm fine."

I try to remain motionless, but it's one of those sensations where it feels like I have an itch and I'll lose my mind if I don't scratch it.

He relinquishes hold of my hand and places it on my bare thigh to comfort me, not knowing it's like an accelerant being tossed onto a wildfire. "You're so on edge that you can't sit still for two seconds. I'm sorry if you're sore because of me."

I am a little tender but it has no bearing on the other thing I'm feeling right now. "I'm not sorry." I study the divider between the driver and us. "He can't see us at all?"

I think Jack Henry could be catching on. He grins as he answers, "No, not with the divider up."

"And he can't hear us?"

He's definitely catching on to where I'm going with this, judging by his face. "Not unless you scream."

"You've been known to do that to me." I'm taunting him and we both know it.

"Only because it's what you wanted."

I put my hand on his thigh and begin massaging the muscle beneath his jeans. "That's true. It's what I always want."

I lean over to press my lips against the side of his neck below his ear and kiss that special place that drives him crazy. I move my hand up his leg and when I feel how hard he is already, I migrate my mouth upward and hover over his ear, whispering breathlessly, "I'm going to take off all of my clothes and when I'm finished, I want you to f**k me until I come."

"Anything you say."

I drag my finger over his bottom lip. "That's my good boy."

I increase the music's volume and unfasten my seatbelt so I can begin the show. I might not have a pole in the back of this limo, but it won't keep me from giving Jack Henry one hell of a performance.

I twist so I'm facing him and reach into my hair to pull out the pins holding it in place. I shake my head as it falls and fluff it with my hands. I just screwed it up for tonight's show but that's not the one I'm concerned with at the moment.

"You have beautiful hair." He reaches for a lock and I smile as I scoot away from him. There will be no show if he touches me while I'm stripping. "No touching the back-seat stripper."

"Back-seat stripper, huh?"

I wiggle out of my denim jacket and begin to unfasten the buttons on my ivory sleeveless top. He watches as each and every button reveals a little more skin. I do it slowly to tease him while it builds his anticipation for what awaits him beneath the soft cotton of my shirt.

I regret that the bra and panties are simple white lace, but I never expected to have a need for sexy lingerie while on tour. Sex was the last thing I thought I'd be having while traveling from town to town, so I'm lucky I managed to have this matching set.

Note to self: make a lingerie run ASAP.

I remain out of his reach on the other side of the car as I peel my shirt back and drop it to the limo floor. I reach into the elastic waist of my skirt and panties to slide both down my hips until they puddle at my feet around my boots. I slip each off, one at a time, and then add them to my growing collection of clothes on the floorboard.

"Don't take your boots off. I want you wearing them while you ride me."

His insinuation doesn't go unnoticed as I reach for the back of my bra. "Anything you want." I'm down to nothing but my boots-just the way he wants me. As I'm crawling across the seat to him, he unfastens his seatbelt and slides over to meet me in the middle.

I lift my leg and swing it over to straddle him. He grasps my naked bottom and pulls me against his raging hard-on. He grinds into me as he kisses my neck before moving to my br**sts. "Anyone who makes my fantasies come true the way you do can't be real."

I take his hands and place them on my br**sts. "Everything about me is real."

"I love you, Laurelyn." Nothing sounds sweeter than those words.

"I love you too. But you're wearing way too many clothes for me to make this fantasy come true," I tell him as I unbutton his shirt. When it falls open, I slide my hands inside and feel his ni**les harden beneath my touch.

I glide my hands down to his jeans and give the button a pull until it's unfastened. He lifts his hips from the seat and I give his pants several good tugs until I have them down to his knees.

I feel his erection against my stomach and I wrap my hand around it. "I'm about to make you feel so good." I rise up on my knees and position his tip at my wet entrance. He holds his breath with anticipation. I touch my free hand to his mouth. "Don't forget to breathe."

I feel his warm breath on my fingers and then he sucks them inside his mouth with his sharp intake of air as I slide down onto his length. "Ohh...I don't know how you can feel so tight after everything we did earlier."

I rise onto my knees until he's almost out of me before I slide back down. "Our bodies mesh together perfectly."

"That's because you and I belong together. Always."

Always. It's not a word I'm used to hearing from Jack Henry, at least not in reference to our relationship, but I love the sound of it. It makes me want this man even more, so I decide the old saying is true. The brain is the biggest sex organ for a woman because hearing him say that one little word sends my body into a desperate whirlwind.

I press my hands against the ceiling and lean back so I can slide him in deeper. It feels like I can never have him close enough. He's meeting me thrust for thrust when I feel his fingers between my legs stroking me in the most wonderful way. All of the sensations combined do me in and I feel the muscles deep within my core take over as I ride out the waves of pleasure.

When I climax, he isn't there with me, so I move up and down faster to give him what he needs. He loops his arms under mine and hooks his hands over my shoulders. Each time I lower myself, he uses his hands to jerk me down harder as he lifts his hips. It doesn't take long before I feel him spasm inside me and know he's found his release as well.

When we both finish coming, I don't move because these are the moments I savor-just having Jack Henry inside me without any clear line of where either of us ends or begins. These times when we're quiet and simply holding one another afterward are when I feel the closest to him.

He puts his arms around me and pulls me close so he can place the side of his face between my br**sts. "Your heart is racing."

"As it should be after that. I think you need to travel with me to keep me in tip-top shape since I can't work out on my pole."

"Your pole at Avalon misses you. And so have I."

"I miss Avalon. It sort of felt like home to me."

He lifts his face from my chest and looks up at me. "It hasn't gone anywhere. Avalon can be your home again. With me."

What is he saying? "You want me to go back with you?"

"I know it hasn't even been a full day since I walked back into your life, but having you in Australia with me is what I want more than anything."

I'm being pulled in two directions. This man is in my heart and that part of me wants to drop everything and board an Australia-bound plane with him right this second. But then there's another part-the one screaming at me to remember the eight years of hard work I've invested in my music career. I'm finally achieving success and it's come at a terribly high price. I'm not prepared to throw my career away.

But neither am I prepared to let Jack Henry walk out of my life. And I'm afraid telling him I can't go to Australia will end with me losing him all over again. I'm not sure I could survive that a second time.

I think he sees the war raging inside me and places two fingers against my lips. "Don't say anything yet. I don't expect you to make a decision right now. You need time to consider what moving nine thousand miles away would mean for your life-not only now, but years down the road."

Last night he told me that he never wants to be apart from me again. Today he's saying we belong together. Always. It feels like he's suggesting we'll be married, but he isn't actually saying the words.

"I've managed to make arrangements to be away from the vineyards for the next four weeks. I really want us to spend that time together deciding where to go from here."

A whole month together. I can't imagine a better way to spend my time. "Of course. I want to be with you every minute of the next four weeks."

"Good. I was hoping you'd say that."

He puts his forehead against my chest. "We have a lot of discussions ahead of us over the next several weeks, but I won't be the one to initiate them. I'll wait for you to decide you're ready to talk."

I kiss the top of his dark hair. "Thank you for being patient with me."

"I've known for three months I was coming for you. You've known for a day. I realize my arrival was unanticipated and you've been making all these plans that didn't include me showing up out of the blue."

"Jack Henry." I put my hands on each side of his head and force it up so I can see his face. "Your arrival is unexpected but more than welcomed. You, caveman, are the best surprise I've had in...my entire life."

Chapter Twelve

The driver must have sped because the limo pulls up at the hotel long before our estimated arrival, and Laurelyn's still stark naked. She scrambles for her clothes and underwear as she curses, "Shit. We're already here and I'm not wearing a stitch." She looks over at her reflection in the mirrored wall. "I look like I've been rode hard and put up wet."

I can't resist. "There's definitely been some hard riding and I must say that you were pretty wet each time."

"Not funny. The guys are going to take one look at me and know exactly what I've been up to."

I'm perfectly fine with them knowing. "I sure hope so. At least that Charlie bloke will back off."

"Charlie knows how much I love you and he's glad to see me happy-even if that means there can never be anything between us. He's that kind of guy, so please, don't give him a hard time. He's not like Ben at all."

"Don't worry. I'm not going to embarrass you by going all Neanderthal." Maybe. It might not involve me beating on my chest or dragging Laurelyn around by her hair, but I will stake my claim on my girl so there's no misunderstanding.

"Thank you."

She takes another look at herself in the mirror and attempts to smooth her hair. "Oh, hell. It's a good thing we're here earlier than expected because I'm going to have to start from scratch."

"Baby, you look beautiful."

"This makes you happy, doesn't it? You like having me look a mess with all of my makeup rubbed off by your scruff and my hair looking like I've been rolling around in the back seat."

I playfully push her down onto the seat and lie on top of her. We're eye to eye when I tell her, "You're damn right. I want them to know I f**ked you all the way here and that my spunk is still inside you so they won't even think about trying to sniff around you." I reach under her skirt to rub my hand between her legs. I feel the wet spot where my load has leaked out onto her undies. "Do you remember what I told you about this part of your body?"

"Yes."

"Say it." I want to hear the proof that she hasn't forgotten.

"No one else touches me there."

I love hearing her say that. "And why can no one else touch you like this?"

"Because I'm yours and no one else's." I covet those words from her.

I push her knickers to the side and slip my finger inside her. "Which makes this mine."

She rolls her eyes, smiling, and that tells me that she likes the possessive nature I feel for her. "You can be downright crude sometimes."

"But you love every dirty thing I do or say."

She huffs dramatically. "Yeah, I do. So there...I admit it. Happy now?"

She has no idea. "Yes. Very."

"Good. Now, let me up because I have to go get ready for the show."

I give her a peck on the mouth. "Yes, ma'am."

This venue is different from the auditorium Laurelyn and her band played last night. It looks like an old theatre, the seating a horseshoe shape and an open floor for standing room only directly in front of the stage. The crowd on the floor is growing fast, so I choose a seat on the first riser closest to the stage so I'll be able to see the show without fighting the crowd.

It's time for the show to begin and I'm amazed by the congestion of people who've gathered to hear Southern Ophelia. These people are waiting to hear my girl sing, and it dawns on me just how fast she's risen to the top. She isn't becoming a star; she already is one.

I'm not sure where that leaves me in her life. I'm certain it must've been much easier to love me and toy with the idea of staying in Australia when she had nothing waiting on her at home, but that's not the case now. She has all of this-a band with people depending on her and a career with fans.

I watch the floor crowd as Laurelyn and her band members perform, and something becomes very clear to me: this is still only a small portion of the stardom in her future, and it scares the hell out of me. I'm terrified she'll love the glitz and glamour of this life and ultimately choose it over me. I want Laurelyn to have every bit of success she deserves because I love her, but not at the expense of our life together. That's why I must use the next month to show her why she should choose us over this life. If that makes me a selfish bastard, then it just does. I can live with that as long as she's with me and not nine thousand miles away.

It looks like Charlie has backed off Laurelyn tonight. He isn't eye-fucking her as they sing, so I guess he got the message. I can't knock the guy for trying, though. She is one hell of a catch.

When they finish playing what I think is the last song, the blokes leave the stage and Laurelyn takes a seat on a stool under the spotlight. She winks in my direction as she strums some chords on her Martin and leans toward the microphone. "I wrote this next song during an extremely dark time in my life. I had just parted ways with the man I loved and thought we'd never see each other again. It's about the things I'd say to him if he ever came back to me. Well, he finally did, and this song is for him. It's called 'Loved by You.'"

We were complete strangers

Brought together by fate's hand.

You were a powerful tide

Rushing over me in the sand.

You pulled me into you

From the safety of the shore

And what I thought I wanted

Became so much more.

Now I just want to be wanted by you.

And I just want to be needed by you.

My heart just pleads to be loved by you.

In the roughest of waters

I happily drowned in you

And in the calm of the storm

My love for you grew.

But now you're choosing

To let me go

And it grows harder every day

To not let the pain show.

'Cause I just want to be wanted by you.

And I just want to be needed by you.

My heart just pleads to be loved by you.

My heart is slowly

Counting down the days

Each one bringing us closer

To our parting ways.

And I worry about

How I'll move on

When you're the reason

Behind my every song.

'Cause I just want to be wanted by you.

And I just want to be needed by you.

My heart just pleads to be loved by you.

Laurelyn finishes and mouths, "I love you," before she kisses her fingers and holds her hand out in my direction. It's completely juvenile but it doesn't stop me from reaching out as if to catch her kiss and bring it to my lips. I look like a pu**y, but what can I say? Love makes you do silly things and catching an air kiss would definitely fall under that category.

"Dude, did she just blow that kiss to you?"

I've sat by this guy the entire show without even looking at him until now. "Yeah, she did. And now I'm going to go get a real one."

I see the surprise in his eyes and it reinforces for me the huge star they see when they look at Laurelyn. "Wow. The singer for Southern Ophelia is your girlfriend? That must rock."

Girlfriend doesn't feel like the right word for what she is to me. "She's much more than my girlfriend."

"Cool. Tell her it was an awesome show."

I walk to the spot where she told me to meet her after and she's there, waiting as promised. I pull her close and kiss the side of her face. "Baby, you just keep amazing me."

"Did you like it?"

I assume she means the song she sang for me. "Like it? Hell...I love it."

"You know I wrote it about you. I mean every word."

"I know. And that's how I feel about you too. Let's go back to the room so I can show you how much."

She makes a face that tells me it's a no-go. "The band always meets up after each performance to discuss any kinks from the show. I have to go to Charlie's room. It never lasts more than fifteen minutes max. Will you come with me? I want you to meet the guys."

Fuck, no, I don't want to go to Charlie's room but even more, I don't want Laurelyn going without me. "Sure, if that's what you want."

I think I feel my testosterone level surging as I approach the room where I'll meet the blokes Laurelyn has been closest to for the past three months. Knowing that one of them has a thing for her doesn't do much for calming my instinctual caveman tendencies to make sure he knows she's mine and not for his taking.

Laurelyn stops before we go inside and places her hands on each side of my face. "You're tense but you shouldn't be. These guys are like brothers to me."

I think she forgets I have a sister and I've never considered kissing her like what I saw last night. "There's only one of them who makes me uptight, and he's the one I saw kissing you."

She strokes her hands down my cheeks until they're on my jawline. She runs her fingers over my slight beard. "You have to let that go."

Easier said than done. "He and I will get along just fine as long as he backs off."

"He already has, so there shouldn't be any problem. Right?"

She uses her hands to turn my head from side to side involuntarily. "Say, 'No, Laurelyn. There isn't going to be any problem with Charlie.'"

"No, Laurelyn. There isn't going to be any problem with Charlie." She takes her hands from my face and I add, "As long as he keeps his hands off you."

She rolls her eyes at me and shakes her head. "Come on. Let's get this over with so you can see that there is no threat."

The band members are sitting around talking when we enter Charlie's room, but they all come to full attention when they see I'm with Laurelyn. "Hey, y'all. This is Jack, and I wanted to bring him by to meet you because you'll be seeing a lot of him for the next several weeks."

Their manager, Randy, is the first to introduce himself. Then PJ and Ryan. Charlie hangs back last. At first I think it's because he's measuring me up, but then he's on his feet to offer his hand and I don't sense any type of confrontation. "Laurelyn has told me a lot about you, so it's good to finally meet you."

If I had it on my mind to be a wanker, I could construe his words into code for something else-like maybe Laurelyn telling him a lot about me means that she's confided in him or perhaps he's pointing out that it's finally nice to meet me because I haven't been around. I don't think either of these are the case. He's looking me in the eye, man to man, and he doesn't give me the Ben vibe at all.

"Good to meet you as well, mate."

"Our girl did good tonight, didn't she?"

Surprise-that's what I feel at myself for not being the least bit offended by hearing Charlie refer to Laurelyn as our girl, as if she's partially his. I would've lost it all together if I'd ever heard Ben call her that to my face. "Yes. She's rather amazing."

Time gets away from us and we end up hanging out for much longer than fifteen minutes. I don't mind because they all, surprisingly, turn out to be pretty cool. I'd expected to be anxious to get out of there, but it ends up being Laurelyn coaxing me to leave because it's late and she's tired.

It's not until we leave that I realize Laurelyn's room-our room-is next door. I've been cool with everything else, but I don't like this. She slides the keycard in and then out for the green access light. "This is the last time we stay next to any of them."

We're entering the room when she says, "They always group us together. Why is it a problem as long as we're not sharing?"

The door shuts and I scoop her over my shoulder to carry her to the bed. I toss her playfully onto her back. "Because we don't f**k soft and quiet. We f**k hard and loud."

"And you don't want to embarrass me by having them hear us going at it?"

Embarrassment wasn't what I had in mind. "Put it this way: I'm not really interested in any of them wanking off to the sounds of us f**king in the next room."

She scrunches her nose. "Eww."

"Exactly. If they hear some of the sounds you make, there's no hope they'll ever look at you again without visualizing what you were doing while you made that noise. Trust me when I say it's best if this is the last time we bunk down so closely."

As I untuck my shirt from my pants and reach for my top button, Laurelyn scrambles to her purse on the bed. "Wait. I have an idea." She reaches inside and takes out her phone. "And we need the right kind of music for it." A song begins to play and she grins devilishly as she says, "'Addicted' by Saving Abel is perfect for what you're about to do for me."

"And what am I about to do for you?"

She scoots to the head of the bed and sits against the headboard. "You're gonna do a striptease for me while I watch."

Me doing the stripping would be a new one for us. "I am?"

"Yeah...you are. I've done it for you every time you've asked-and numerous times when you didn't. Now, I'm asking, and you're doing."

I'm pretty certain I better not say no if I ever want to see her dance again, so I start to move to the music as I begin to unbutton my shirt. "You better have some bills ready for me, baby."

Chapter Thirteen

I didn't expect him to go along with dancing for me-at least not without a debate. I'm surprised he agreed so easily-maybe a little too easily-but I don't care. He looks so damn hot doing it...like, flaming hot.

He turns his back on me and I watch as he moves perfectly with the music, wiggling out of his white button-down and tossing it over his shoulder. It lands on my legs so I lift it to my nose. It smells delicious, just like him.

His hands are on the back of his neck as he thrusts his pelvis forward with the song's tempo. All I can see from the back is the motion of his beautiful ass, and I imagine the way it looks when he's thrusting it between my legs.

He spins to face me and puts his palms on his chest. He glides them down as he rotates his hips in a circular motion to the music. When his hands get to the crotch of his pants, he holds them out to use as a wall to bump and grind against.

"Ooh, I like that."

He laughs as he says, "You'll like it a lot better when I'm between your legs doing it."

His promise sends a rush of heated desire straight to the area he's talking about. "Bite your lip for me while you do it." He smirks but does as I tell him. "Mmm, that's hot, but I think it's time for you to come out of those pants. You're overdressed for a stripper."

"Yes, ma'am," he says. He reaches for the fly. "Anything for you."

He kicks off his shoes and then slides his jeans down without his boxer briefs. I think it's the first time I ever remember one going down without the other, but this is all about the tease and prolonging it to make me crazy with desire. So far, it's highly successful.

When he's down to only his boxer briefs, I see the proof of how turned on he is. When he sees me notice, he smirks and slowly slides his underwear down over his hard-on before he kicks them over next to his pants. He puts his hands on the back of his head and thrusts his hips to the music as the bites his lip again. "I'm the only one not overdressed here."

"I think you're right," I agree as I rise to my knees and pull my dress over my head. I'm kneeling on the bed wearing only my pink lace bra and matching panties. "Better?"

"You're gettin' there."

I reach behind my back and unfasten my bra. I let the straps slide down my arms as I hold the cups in place, and his eyes smolder as he waits for the rest to drop. He watches my every motion as I finally free my br**sts from their entrapment.

"Have I ever told you how beautiful your br**sts are?"

I shake my head as I crawl to the edge of the bed. "No."

He takes them in his palms once I'm within reach and rubs his thumbs over my ni**les. "They're perfect in every way. Everything about you is."

He pulls me closer and kisses my neck in the bend where it meets my shoulder. "I'm not perfect."

He moves his mouth lower and is about to take my nipple into his mouth when he looks up to meet my eyes. "You are to me."

I glide my fingers through his thick hair as I feel his tongue running circles around my nipple. His hand caresses my other breast while his thumb mimics the motion of his tongue. I drop my head back and a moan escapes as I arch closer to his mouth.

His palm leaves my breast and I feel each of his hands on my hips pushing the waistband of my panties down. I lift one knee at a time and he slides the pink lace down my calves and over my feet. After he flings them to the floor, I wrap my arms over his shoulders and he lifts me off the bed. I wrap my legs around him but he quickly lowers me onto my back while he remains standing next to the bed. He lifts my feet to hook my knees over his shoulders, grasps my hips, and tugs them until his face is between my legs. I know what he's about to do, but he's never done it like this. And I'm excited about seeing how this goes.

His hand is splayed open across my stomach and it wanders a path up between my br**sts. I feel the rhythm of his warm breath between my legs. It ignites waves of tingles and I can't stop my innate reaction to squirm in anticipation. "Someone knows what's coming to her and I think she's getting a little anxious."

Anxious is an understatement. Desperate would be a more suitable term for what I'm feeling. "I'm going to scream if you don't put your mouth on me."

"You say you'll scream if I don't. I say you'll scream if I do," he teases. His eyes never leave mine as his tongue makes one slow sweep up my center. He licks his lips and says, "Always so sweet. I love to taste the sugar below your waist."

Oh, my. He's in the dirty talk mode. That means he's gonna make me orgasm even faster.

"You need something to sweeten that filthy mouth of yours."

"You love my vulgar mouth-especially when it does this." He presses it against me and I feel the suction of his mouth right where I need it most. He alternates licking and sucking, leaving me with an intense, divine pleasure. Each time he brings me incredibly close to the edge, he somehow senses I'm on the verge and reels me back. It's like being in the middle of a euphoric tug-of-war, and it's one of the most splendid things I've ever experienced. And frustrating because he isn't letting me come.

"Aah...aah...you're doing that on purpose."

"What am I doing on purpose?" He says it likes he's so innocent and has no idea what I mean.

"You know what you're doing. You're keeping me from coming."

He cuts his eyes up at me. "So, you're ready to get off?"

"Yes," I say so low, it comes out like a whisper. I am desperate.

"Then say it-from one filthy mouth to another-tell me what you want me to do to make you come and I'll do it."

He's holding my orgasm hostage so he can get what he wants. "You love to hear dirty things come out of my mouth. It turns you on, doesn't it?"

"Yeah. I f**king love it. I especially go crazy when I hear you tell me what you want me to do to you."

Okay. He was being honest with me, so I should do it. It's something he likes and I want him to be pleased. By telling him what I want, I'm pleased too, so I slide my hand down between my legs and touch myself. "I want you to suck me right here until the only thing I can do is scream because I'm coming so hard."

"That was so hot, baby. I'm about to blow your f**king mind."

I reach for the top of his hair and pull his face down. "Then f**k me with your mouth and don't stop again until you make me scream."

I can't believe I said that. Until I feel his mouth obeying my orders and I know I did. "Oh...oh...oh, that feels so damn good but use your fingers. I want to feel it inside and out." One-and then two-of his fingers begin to slide in and out of me. He's sucking hard enough to leave a hickey on the top of my girlie parts and I'm so close to orgasming, I think my eyes have rolled back in my head. I clench a handful of his hair and yank a little. "Oh...ah...fuuuuck!" I scream as he puts the Dyson vacuum suction on my quim.

My entire body tenses as I feel those quivers inside me. Oh, how I have missed those Jack Henry-issued quivers. Nothing compares to them. Believe me-me, myself, and I have tried.

I relax my tense muscles as Jack Henry lowers my legs from his shoulders. "Damn, baby. Everybody on this floor, including the one above and below, heard you come undone."

"I'm too blissed out to care," I tell him as I scoot away from the edge of the bed. I grab him behind his neck to take him with me; I don't want to go a single second without feeling his body pressed against mine.

He falls against me roughly as my back hits the mattress. "Sorry," he apologizes as I reach for his ass and slap both of my hands down before I squeeze his cheeks and pull him hard between my legs. "What's gotten into you?"

I'm rubbing my girlie parts against his not-so-girlie parts. "I'm hoping it'll be you that's gotten into me."

"Babe, if you don't watch yourself, you're gonna have me believing you're a closet dirty talker."

"Maybe I was, but I'm coming out." I wrap my hand around his hard c**k and move it up and down. "Now, speaking of coming..."

"Ooh, I like this."

I'm trembling because I want him inside me so badly, so I slide his erection up and down through my slick slit to coax him inside. "Come on, Jack Henry. Fuck me. Please."

He thrusts inside me without any warning and I gasp at the sudden intrusion. I want him inside me fast and hard and after I adjust to him moving in and out, I bring my legs up around his waist. I use them to encourage him to thrust harder. "You're insatiable tonight," he says as he jerks out of me and moves to stand next to the bed. He grabs my ankles and drags me over to where he's standing. "That wasn't doing it for either one of us. Turn over so I can f**k you the right way."

I slide off the edge of the bed until my feet touch the floor. I spin around and bend over to press my face into my pillow because I know he's going to make me scream again. He grabs my hips and gives them a squeeze before he pulls them backward to drive his c**k inside me. I push up onto my tiptoes to bridge the gap in our height difference. "That's it, right there. Just like that."

I grab my pillow and bite it as he pounds harder into me, but I can tell when he's getting close. I've come to know his body well and he always slows his thrusts toward the end because he's trying to prolong his pleasure. But his orgasm always takes over-and it does this time too-when he drives hard into me and calls out my name.

I love the sound of my name through his clenched teeth.

"You have no idea how hot you look when you're bent over like this with my c**k still inside you."

"I've decided I'm getting a tattoo across my lower back that says, 'Lucky you.'"

He pulls out and bends over to kiss my lower back before he runs his tongue over it. "No ink for you here. Ever! That would ruin it for me."

I know how he loves my lower back, but would ink really ruin it for him? "Really?"

"I'm serious." His voice is stern. "Don't even entertain the idea, or I will go caveman all over your arse."

"I thought you just did."

"I'm talking about a different kind of caveman, baby." He rubs his hand over the dip he just licked. "One you wouldn't like." I hear the seriousness in his words. There have been times when Jack Henry has shown me the beast inside him. I didn't care for it much and I don't plan to provoke it.

Chapter Fourteen

It would kill me if she ever marked my spot with ink. I love the tattoo around her ankle and the piercing in her belly button, but I think she's good. No more ink or holes in her body.

I slap her playfully on her hip. "Get up in that bed so I can cuddle with you before you go to sleep and push me away."

She climbs up on all fours and crawls toward the head. "I didn't push you away last night."

"You didn't because we've been apart for so long, but I know you, and it's coming. You like your space and you're not going to let me be in it when it's time to sleep."

I lie down and she nuzzles into her usual spot, her head on my shoulder, her leg thrown over mine. "You know we have reversed roles, right? The guy is the one who usually doesn't want to spoon and the chick wants to be all hugged up on him."

I'm not ashamed to admit that I have developed a lot of chick-like behavior when it comes to her. "I know, but I can't help it. I love having you close. I want you within my touch all the time. I don't want you to slip away again."

"I'm not going anywhere."

She's told me that before. "You promised me I wouldn't come home to find you gone, but I did."

Her finger is tracing that endless swirl on my chest. "Our circumstances were different when I made that promise."

"I came back for you that day you left. I was going to ask you to stay after I told you I loved you."

She lifts her head to look at me. "You loved me then?"

"Of course, I did." She doesn't say anything and I suspect it's because she's thinking about how different our lives would've been if I'd found her instead of that letter. "Would you have stayed?"

"Yes. All I wanted was for you to ask me."

But our lives are different from what they were when she disappeared three months ago. She isn't the same person and who she is now could very well keep her from coming back to me.

I kiss the top of her head and we're quiet. I have a hunch that both of us are lost in the thoughts of what might have been. We'd be approaching the six-month mark if she'd stayed. I'm sure I'd be getting ready to propose if I hadn't already. I don't know. Maybe we would've eloped. "What are you thinking?" I ask, hoping she'll tell me she imagines us engaged or possibly even married.

"The same thing you are-wondering what our lives would be like if we'd spent the last three months together instead of apart."

I want her to be more specific about where she thinks our relationship would be. "What do you think we'd be doing?"

"I'm pretty sure we'd be doing what we just did. It's sort of our thing." That's not really the answer I was looking for, but I'll take it.

"I agree with that. Shagging seems to be one of our favorite things to do."

She giggles as she says, "Shagging. We don't say that but I like it. Did you know Margaret calls it nookie?"

She called it whatever when I spoke to her last night. "I wasn't aware of that. When have you discussed nookie with my mum?"

"She came to see me at Avalon a couple of weeks before I left. She suggested I show you all the reasons you should ask me to stay-which included putting it on you hard." She's covering her face with her hands and giggling again. "She told me a little nookie wouldn't hurt."

For f**k's sake. I can't believe my mum told Laurelyn to put it on me. Whose mum does that kind of thing? Oh, wait-that would be mine. "She told me about her visit. As I recall, you took her advice because I stayed between your legs those last two weeks. I practically pitched a tent and camped out there."

She slaps her hand down against my chest and it makes a loud popping sound. "And a lot of good it did me since it didn't work."

I reach up and put my hand on top of hers. "It worked. You just didn't stick around long enough to let me ask."

"We'd know everything about each other by now." She sounds sad and I don't want her to be.

"We can catch up," I reassure her. "What do you want to know?"

Apparently, that gets her attention because she shoots up in the bed, legs crossed. It's a little distracting to have her sitting like that with her love canal staring me in my face. "We've never talked about why you are the way you are."

Why I'm the way I am? That's a loaded question that could be interpreted in a number of different ways. "Scientists all agree that genetics make me the way I am. Half of my DNA comes from my mother-and we both know what a pistol she can be-and the other half comes from my father."

She reaches over and pinches my nipple. It's playful but painful. "You know that's not what I mean, smart-ass. Margaret and Henry didn't do this to you."

I grab her hand to pull it away but she tightens her grip. "Oww...oww...Okay, which part of how I am are you referring to?"

She releases my nipple and I reach up to rub it. "I'm talking about the reason you choose to make arrangements with women."

"I don't have arrangements with women," I clarify. "I have a normal, loving relationship with one very extraordinary woman." I cover both of my ni**les with my hands to protect them since I'm certain that isn't the answer she's looking for.

"But our normal, loving relationship began with a perverse arrangement," she insists. "I want to know why."

Damn! I really don't want to go there, but I gave her the opening and she went for it. I should've known better. "Dating wasn't for me. It hasn't been for years."

"Why not?"

Of course she isn't going to accept that as an answer, and I doubt she'll accept this one, either. "Because none of them were you."

"As sweet as that is, it doesn't answer why you chose your lifestyle." Wow. She thinks I have a lifestyle. Isn't that what you say about choices you consider to be wrong?

This is the first time I've ever felt like I need to defend myself to her. "I was twenty-three when I made my first million. I tripled that at twenty-four and quadrupled it by the next year. I was shoved into the limelight by the media and my wealth attracted the vultures. The women circling me were all after the same thing and it was blatantly apparent. But there was one who took it to a level so extreme, I thought I could never trust a woman again. I guess I considered her my girlfriend because she was the only woman I was having sex with." The past is the past, but telling Laurelyn about f**king another woman doesn't feel right. "Are you sure you want to know this?"

"Positive. I want to know everything about you and I want you to trust me enough to be comfortable telling me."

I trust her and that's the only reason I'm going to tell her what I've never told another person. "I thought I didn't want marriage and kids because Lana was the wrong woman for me, but as time went by, I realized I never wanted to be married or have kids at all. Lana didn't want to accept that, so she was trying to get pregnant because she thought I'd marry her."

"How did you figure out what she was doing?"

I look up at the ceiling because I don't like talking about this stuff with her. It's uncomfortable as f**k. "We were using condoms and she was on the pill because I was so adamant about not wanting kids. All of a sudden, every condom we used would bust. They were fine when I put them on but they would tear after we got started." I hate telling her this shit. "She was always the one to take it out of the package and I got suspicious, so I grabbed a few for inspection. I didn't have to open them to see what was going on; there were tiny pinpricks through the packaging. When I found that, I knew she probably wasn't taking her pills, either, so I went through her stuff until I found them. I was right."

Laurelyn looks angry. "That's messed up."

"After Lana, I was done with dating. I threw myself into my work and I didn't socialize publicly at all for a year until I had to travel to one of the vineyards for a few weeks. While I was there, I met a woman in a hotel restaurant while having dinner. All we did was talk and it was nice because she had no idea who I was. I liked it. I ran into her accidentally on purpose again the next night and we had another nice evening. For the first time in a year, a woman didn't want anything from me, but I knew that would change if she ever found out who I was. That's when I made the decision to propose the idea of being my companion for a few weeks without sharing identities. She wasn't twenty-something with dreams about marriage and babies, so she agreed. We had a few weeks of fun and I never saw her again."

"I don't understand how the women didn't know who you were."

I can see where that might perplex her. "Being rich makes you interesting, but it doesn't make you a celebrity like an actor or musician. It wasn't that difficult to pull off. If they didn't keep up with the social pages or the business section of the newspaper, then it was easy for me to fly under the radar."

"But the media was all over you the night we went to the Opera House," she points out.

"When I'm out, the media will photograph me, especially if I'm with a woman, but they don't track me down when I don't make appearances. Taking a companion out in public wouldn't have been very smart on my part if I wanted to keep my identity hidden, so I didn't. I haven't been spotted in public with a woman in years for that reason. Now you understand why the photographer at the Opera House was so zealous with you."

"Why did I get to be seen in public with you?"

I'm not sure she'll ever understand the difference between her and the former twelve. "I knew you weren't like the others from the moment I laid eyes on you. I chose to treat you as such."

She crawls over and straddles me. She puts her hands on each side of my head and leans closer. Her hair falls forward and makes a veil, closing us together inside it. "I may not be like the women who came before me, but there are some things that are the same. I want a husband and babies-plural-and if you don't, that's a problem for me."

I want to ask her to be my wife and the mother of my children, but now isn't the right time. I don't have a ring or the right words. I want my proposal to be special-something she looks back on and remembers as one of the most precious moments in her life. And it's probably a good idea for us to be back together for more than a couple of days, but I still want to put her mind to rest about the decisions I've made since we last discussed them.

"You're everything I never knew I wanted. Every time I picture my future, it's always your face I see...with some little people who look like us."

That sounded like a total chick thing to say but f**k it! I need her to know how much I love her and that I want her forever-not just for those three short months in Australia or for the next month we're going to spend together. I want her for-fucking-ever.

Chapter Fifteen

The last few days have been surreal. I can't concentrate on anything because my mind keeps going back to what Jack Henry said-he envisions his future with me and little people who look like us. It seems like I'm thinking about it constantly. Even now as we're riding this elevator up to Randy's room for the after-show meeting, my mind drifts as I think about what our lives would be like if he and I were married with a family.

He snaps his fingers in front of my face. "Baby, what's wrong? You've been somewhere else for days now."

"Nothing is wrong." Everything is right, dammit. Why couldn't it have been like this before I walked away?

He pulls me into his arms. "Something's up. You're not yourself."

"I have stuff on my mind. This is...," I pause to choose my words carefully but I'm saved when Jack Henry's phone rings.

"It's Harold. I should probably take this." He answers the call and I can tell by the expression on his face that something is wrong. The elevator doors open and we step off, but he stops in the corridor and I see that wrinkle form on his forehead-the one he gets when he's worried about something. "Hold on a minute." He takes the phone away from his ear. "There's a problem at Avalon and I really need to talk to Harold."

He looks pissed.

"Is everything okay?"

"No. It sounds like Audrey has struck again."

What is it going to take for that crazy bitch to leave him alone? "Okay. I'll go on ahead. You talk to Harold and I'll meet you in the room when I'm finished."

He kisses the top of my head. "Okay, love."

Love. He's never called me that before. I like it.

The guys are already in the room, beers in hand, when I walk in. Charlie takes one from the mini-fridge and twists the top before he holds it out for me. "Thanks."

"I have some great news. A fan at the Dallas show recorded your acoustical performance on her phone and uploaded it. It's gone viral and fans are going crazy over it, so we think it's a good idea to get you back into the studio at Nashville to record it."

By acoustical performance, I assume he's referring to the song I sang for Jack Henry.

He said we think it's a good idea. I guess that means he's been discussing my performance with the guys and they're talking about things behind my back. I'm still new to this group, but I won't put up with them making decisions without me, especially when it concerns my personal songs. I think I'd better let them know that right now. I'm a part of this band just like every one of them, even if I am the newest member.

"So, you've all decided this without consulting me?"

Charlie holds up his hands. "Whoa, Laurelyn. The guys and I haven't discussed anything. We're hearing this for the first time just like you."

"But Randy said we think it's a good idea."

"I'm the other part of we." I stiffen as I hear the familiar voice behind me.

"Guys, this is one of my producer buddies, Blake Phillips. It was his idea to bring you back to Nashville for the recording and I couldn't agree more. The song is hot, so now's the time to strike."

Fury. That's the only word that can describe what I'm feeling right now. "That song wasn't meant for the world. It was only meant for one person."

"But you didn't sing it for one person," Randy reminds me. "You sang it in front of a crowded concert and now your fans are going crazy over it."

That song is personal. The lyrics are me baring my heart and soul to Jack Henry. "I don't think I want to do that."

Charlie, the peacekeeper, attempts to intercede on my behalf. "Maybe you should give her a little time to think about it, Randy."

Blake smirks at me and I want to kick him in his nuts all over again. "This isn't a request, Laurelyn. Southern Ophelia is going to record that song. I've already set it up."

I know what Randy is thinking-I owe Blake for letting me out of my contract. I'm sure it's what they're all thinking. And that I'm an ungrateful bitch for not going along with what he's asking of me. Is this ever going to end? Am I always going to look like the villain while Blake walks on water? "I need to get out of here."

I don't look back as I leave Randy's room to walk the corridor toward my own at the opposite end of the hall. I'm flustered as I slide my keycard into the slot. It takes three attempts for the little light to turn green.

I push the door open and a hand comes over my mouth from behind. I'm pulled back against someone and shoved into the room. I hear the click of the door and I struggle against the arms wrapped around me. I feel warm breath against my ear and hear Blake whisper, "Stop fighting me, Laurie. I only want to talk to you."

Where is Jack Henry? We were supposed to meet in the room but he's not here.

Blake says he wants to talk? I don't think so. Talking doesn't involve being shoved into a room with a hand clamped over your mouth. My gift of fear is speaking loudly and it's warning me that he's here for much more.

I bite his hand and he immediately jerks it away from my mouth. I'm able to scream briefly before he backhands me so hard, my ears ring. He shoves me onto the bed and sits on top of me as he stretches my arms above my head. I'm mildly dazed but it passes quickly-or at least I think it does. "Ohh," I moan as I register the pain in the side of my face where he smacked me.

"Oh, hell. I'm sorry, Laurie. I didn't mean to hit you." He hovers above me as he examines my face. "I'm afraid that's going to leave a mark."

How hard did he hit me if he can already tell that there's going to be a bruise? "You're hurting me."

"Sorry," he apologizes as he releases my arms. I alternate massaging my wrists where he was grasping me tightly and I can tell they're going to be tender later.

He rolls off me to his back and puts his palms on his forehead, looking up at the ceiling. "God, I'm sorry. I didn't plan this. I just wanted to talk to you."

I lie motionless on the bed as I recall the way he pinned me to my car at the studio. Now he's slapped me around after forcing his way into my room. I hadn't considered him a threat, but I see now that I should. I have no idea where his head is or what he's capable of.

He sits up and stares straight ahead as he speaks. "You pretend like we meant nothing, like we never even happened. Do you have any idea how much that hurts me?"

It's all becoming clear now. "You coming here was never about us recording my song, was it? It was about you finding a way to get to me."

He hesitates briefly before answering. "You're a smart girl, Laurie."

He can forget it. I wouldn't have anything to do with him, even if Jack Henry weren't in my life. "You need to leave."

"I'm not leaving until I tell you how I feel."

I reach up and touch my face. It hurts like hell. "There's no point."

"You're wrong." He turns to look at me. "I love you, Laurie, and I know we can make us work. I told Beth I want a divorce."

Why would he do that? We're not even in a relationship. "I hope you didn't do that for me because it changes nothing."

"Of course I did it for you," he yells at me. He closes his eyes and takes a breath before he opens them and slowly releases the air from his lungs. "We can get it back-everything we had."

He's under the wrong impression if he believes I would have anything to do with him again. "No, we can't. I love someone else."

He twists from where he's sitting on the bed to face me. "I can't f**king believe this! I told my wife I wanted a divorce so I could be with you, and now you're telling me you love someone else?"

He's not blaming me with this. It's his own fault. "I didn't tell you to ask your wife for a divorce. I think I recall kicking you in the nuts and telling you what a lousy lay you were."

He grabs my shoulders roughly. "I threw my marriage away for you."

I'm frightened but not enough to keep my mouth shut. "Don't act like I ruined your marriage. You threw it away without any help from me. Now, I think it's well past time for you to get the hell out of here."

He pushes me roughly against the bed. He grabs my wrists and pins them over my head again. "I came here for you and I'm not leaving until I have you."

Until he has me?

It doesn't register immediately what he means to do until he puts one of his knees between my legs and forces them apart. Oh, God, no. "No! Please, don't do this!"

He tries to kiss my mouth but I turn my head and feel his rough stubble scrape harshly down the side of my face and neck. "Please, stop, Blake!"

"Don't be so dramatic. It's not like we've never done this before." He grips both of my wrists in one of his large hands and his free one moves down my body until I feel it pull up my dress. I struggle to close my legs, to buck him off, to kick him in the balls-anything to make him stop-but nothing I do is any match for his strength.

I'm screaming as loud as my voice will let me, but by the time anyone hears me and gets in here, it'll be too late.

Oh my God. He's going to do this to me and I can't stop him.

My realization sends me well beyond full-blown panic mode. My fight-or-flight response kicks in as I jerk my head up from the mattress as hard as I can to head-butt him directly in the face. It hurts like hell, but it's enough of a blow to make him release me for my one chance at getting away.

I streak off the bed but he catches my ankle and forces me down to the floor onto my stomach. My arms are trapped beneath me by the weight of him lying on my back. My chest is pressed into the floor so hard, I can barely breathe.

I feel the warm ooze of what I know is blood running down my forehead and it gets into my eyes, blinding me. I blink to clear my vision so I can see to run when I get another opportunity, but then I feel his hand up the back of my dress and inside my underwear. I feel his fingers there and he gives my panties a quick jerk, forcefully pulling them down my legs.

My chest is being squeezed tighter and it's harder to draw a breath, so much so that I can't inhale enough air in to scream anymore. I feel dizzy and see spots before my eyes despite the blood blinding me.

I'm conscious-but barely-when I hear the click of the lock on the door. It opens and I hear Jack Henry talking as he comes into our room. "I'm sorry that took so long, babe. I wasn't getting a good signal in the room so I had to..." He stops midsentence when he sees the scene before him.

His response time is so fast, it feels nonexistent. Once the weight of Blake is off me, I roll to my back and gasp to fill my lungs with the precious air they've been deprived of.

I hear crashing noises all around the room and a sound I'm sure is Jack Henry's fist slamming against Blake's face over and over. It feels like it goes on forever before I'm able to turn my head. I see that Blake isn't fighting back and I'm suddenly afraid of how far Jack Henry's anger has driven him.

"Please, stop before you kill him."

My voice reaches him and he looks at me with his fist drawn back. He drops Blake's limp body to the floor and rushes to me. "I'm so sorry, baby. Tell me where you're hurt."

"My head," I tell him as I reach up to touch the source of the bleeding. "And my face."

He helps me to the bed before he walks over to pick up the hotel phone from the floor. "I need an ambulance and the police in room 3255." He sees my panties on the floor and adds, "There's been an assault."

After he places the phone back on the receiver, he sits next to me and examines my face. "You have a pretty nasty laceration on your forehead. There's already too much dried blood for me to tell if you'll need stitches." He touches his thumb to the side of my face. "And I imagine you'll have an impressive shiner on this cheek." He watches my eyes. "Are you hurt anywhere else?"

We both know what he's asking without saying the words. "No. He didn't. You got here before he was able to do that."

He pulls me to him. "That's him, isn't it? Blake Phillips?"

"Yeah."

"Fuck!" he yells as he beats his fist into the bed. "This wouldn't have happened if I'd been in the room like I said I would be."

"No. You don't get to blame yourself for this." I put my hand on his arm. "What he did isn't your fault."

"I shouldn't have gone downstairs. I told you I would meet you in the room. I should've been here like I promised."

I can't sit in this room and look at Blake for another minute. "Get me out of here."

He takes me to the hall and we slide down the wall to sit on the floor as we wait for the police and ambulance to arrive. He holds me and we don't say anything, but it's all I need to feel safe. He's all I'll ever need.

It's ridiculous how long it takes for the police and the hospital to release me. By the time I'm free to go, I don't care about any of my belongings at the hotel. There's not a single thing there that I can't replace. I just want to go home.

Randy cancels our shows for the rest of the week and says we'll announce that I have the flu or something similar. It pisses me off and makes me wonder if he's planning to try and sweep this under the rug since Blake is his friend. He won't if he knows what's good for him.

Jack Henry has taken care of everything. He has a car and driver waiting to take us back to Nashville. I'm drowsy from the sedative I was given in the emergency room and I end up sleeping the whole ride home, but I'm glad. At least sleep allows me to take my mind off what Blake did.

I'm relieved when we finally walk through the door of my apartment. It's been weeks since I was home and I miss being here. I'm glad Jack Henry is with me. I'm not sure I could've come home if I didn't have him.

I feel dirty-like I have Blake all over me-and it makes me sick. I remember the touch of his hand between my legs as he grabbed my underwear and a rigor involuntarily shakes me. "I'm going to take a shower before I lie down."

"Okay. Would you like something to eat?"

I'm too nauseated to eat. "I don't think so. I'm still sleepy from the medicine they gave me. I'll probably go straight to bed after my shower."

"If you're still groggy, do you think it's a good idea to be in the shower? I don't want you to fall."

"I'll be fine. I'll call for you if I feel weak or if I need anything."

He agrees but reluctantly. I go into the bathroom and shut the door because I need walls between us. I feel tears coming and I don't want him to see me like that. He already feels terrible for not being there to protect me from Blake.

I start the shower and the tiny bathroom almost immediately fills with steam. I lift my tattered dress over my head before I toss it in the trash. I stand naked in front of the mirror to assess the damage.

I touch the large bruise still forming on the side of my face. It's tender. Scrapes and blue discoloration mark my arms and upper body. The cut on my forehead is held together with adhesive and makes me feel as though I'm a piece of broken glass that can be put back together with a little glue-except I don't feel put back together at all.

I can't look at myself anymore, so I step into the shower and begin the process of trying to cleanse tonight's events away. I wash my body repeatedly but what I'm feeling refuses to be scoured off. And I'm afraid it won't be for a while.

Chapter Sixteen

I turn back the bed so it'll be ready when Laurelyn's out of the shower. I remember she didn't take clothes into the bathroom with her, so I open a few drawers in search of the things she might need. I find bras and knickers in the top dresser drawer and I recognize many of the lacy ones she used to wear for me. I hold up a pair and smile as I recall the way she looked wearing them.

Those are some beautiful damn memories.

I delve through more drawers and find the pink jogging pants with the word LOVE across the bum. I love these pants and I know she wears them when she wants to be comfortable, so I take them out. I've missed seeing her in them. After I take them from the drawer, I notice a man's T-shirt beneath and a sickening envy immediately strikes me. I pluck it from her drawer for a better look and recognize it as one of my own. I never missed it being gone. The discovery makes my heart swell until it's almost ready to burst. She missed me.

The bathroom door is closed and I knock lightly instead of walking in unannounced, but I don't like it. We stopped closing doors not long after our relationship began and I'm feeling a little uneasy about her reasons behind doing it tonight. I don't want her to close me off. I'm afraid this attack might cause her to put up some of those old walls it took so long for me to tear down.

"Come in."

The bathroom is full of steam and it rushes toward me when I walk in. "I brought you some clothes."

"Thanks."

"Need anything else?"

She doesn't answer at first-and I wonder if she heard me-but then I hear her answer with the softest voice. "Yes."

I stand waiting for her to tell me what she needs, but she doesn't. "What do you need, babe?"

"You."

"Okay. I can sit with you while you finish your shower." I shut the lid on the toilet.

"No. I need you in here with me-in the shower."

I admit that's unexpected. She's just been attacked and almost raped. I wouldn't expect her to have sharing a shower in mind. Maybe she just wants to be close so she can feel safe. "Are you sure?"

"Positive."

I can't make myself believe this is normal, but it's what she's asking. "Okay."

I strip and pull the curtain back before stepping into the hot water with her. She reaches for me and puts her arms around my midsection. She places the side of her face against my chest and the water pelts down over both of us. "Please don't think I'm crazy for what I'm about to tell you."

"Baby, I know you're not crazy."

"I know the way I'm feeling isn't logical. It's all in my head but I feel like I can't get him washed off my body. I feel dirty."

"You're not dirty, love." I think what she's feeling is completely natural. I don't know what to do to make it better for her, but I decide to do the only thing I think might help. "Turn around for me."

I reach for the shampoo as she circles and squeeze a generous portion into my hand. "I'm going to wash your hair and when I'm finished, I'm going to wash every trace of him from your body. You'll never have to feel him on your skin again."

I have no idea if touching her is the wrong thing to do or if it will cause her more harm than good. I want to think it's the right thing since she asked me to come into the shower, but I have no way of knowing until I do it.

I massage her scalp gently as I shampoo her hair. I hear her sigh and I take that as a good sign, so I repeat the process with the conditioner before moving on to her body.

I begin by massaging her back with body wash because it feels like a safe place to start. And because that's where I found him when he was attacking her-lying against her back holding her face down against the floor. I'm furious all over again as I see the image of him attempting to rape her.

I shake my head as though it will make the image go away. It doesn't, but I can't let Laurelyn know what's on my mind. It will only upset her more to know I'm picturing her attack, replaying what I saw almost happen.

Her tense muscles gradually begin to relax and I'm encouraged. Laurelyn is the medicine that heals all my pain, so I don't know why I questioned being the same kind of relief for her.

I'm still standing behind her when I move my soapy bare hands up to her neck. She lifts her chin and rests her head against my chest as I make my way down her body. I circle her br**sts and her ni**les become hard pebbles beneath my fingers. She leans harder against me and I tell my c**k to behave because it isn't the right time. He doesn't listen. He never does when it comes to her. And I can't really blame him-she's wet and naked and pressing her beautiful body against mine.

My palms move lower and skim her stomach before I slowly approach touching her between her legs. This is going to be the problematic area and I'm afraid of her reaction. She may think it'll be fine but change her mind the moment I touch her. It might make her think of what he tried to do to her.

I'm slow and cautious as I inch my hand lower. I hear her breathing increase. I'm apprehensive, unsure if she's beginning to panic. I decide to not take any chances and my hand retreats. I can't risk the harm I could cause by continuing.

She reaches for my wrist as I'm pulling my hand away. "Please don't stop. I want you to keep going," she says as she pushes it lower. "I'm not afraid."

Maybe she isn't but I am. I fear she's pushing herself too hard and too fast because she thinks she needs to prove something. "You don't have to do this right now."

"I know but I want you to touch me. This is what you and I do, and I need to know that he didn't ruin the way you feel about me."

Fuck! This is about me. She's afraid I won't want her because of what he did?

I turn her around so I can see her eyes. "Baby, I love you and there's nothing anyone could do to change that-especially him or what he did to you. Trust me when I tell you that I could never stop loving you because of something like this."

She rises on tiptoes and kisses me, biting my lower lip and tugging on it with her teeth. "I need you to show me."

I have to trust her word. If she says this is what she needs, then I have to have faith in her. "Here or your bedroom?"

"Bedroom. This shower is too small for everything I want you to do to me."

She turns off the water and pulls the curtain. She steps out and stands dripping on the rug as she waits for me. I'm not sure my second foot is on the bath mat before she puts her arms around my shoulders and jumps up to wrap her legs around my waist.

Luckily, my reflexes are quick and I catch her under her thighs before she lands on her bum on the floor. "Damn, baby. You could've warned me."

"Sorry. I'm just anxious."

I carry her to the bedroom and the cold air chills both of us. I toss her playfully onto the bed. I slide in beside her and the sheets absorb the water beads on our bodies. "We've just f**ked this bed up."

"Not yet, we haven't," she says as she pulls me on top of her. Our wet bodies slip effortlessly against each other and it's exhilarating to have her slide against me, skin on skin. She brings her legs up around my waist and squeezes me closer. "I want you to f**k me like you mean it. Don't you dare hold back because you think I'm fragile; I'm not and I won't break."

Aggressive isn't a good choice for us right now, even if she thinks it is. "I know how strong you are." I kiss the side of her face where there's an unpleasant reminder of what that bastard did. "I don't need to see you tolerate rough sex to be convinced of that." I kiss her forehead just below the laceration. "Don't make this about him."

She puts her hands on my face and strokes her thumbs over my still-wet cheekbones. "I love you so much."

"I love you too." And now I want to show her how much.

I move my lips over hers and she follows my lead for the slow, seductive kiss I want to give her. She slides her fingers up the back of my wet hair and I feel drops of water roll down my neck. Her hands leave my hair and glide over my shoulders and down my back through the moisture unclaimed by the bed linens.

Relaxed legs replace the tense ones squeezing my waist. She lets them fall apart beneath my weight and I recognize it for what it is-her giving me domain over her body. I take great pleasure knowing she trusts me enough to do so.

I move my hand down her body until it's between her legs and that's where I cup my hand around her and begin rotating in a circular motion with only the slightest pressure. My mouth is still pressed against hers but neither of us is concentrating on the kiss. I know the task she chooses for me to focus on.

I gradually apply more pressure and I feel the increase in her breathing against my mouth. She begins to lift her hips in rhythm with my hand's motion and I close in on her most sensitive area. I know how to top it off quickly for her, but I wait because I want her to enjoy this for a while longer.

She rides my hand harder and I sense her immediate urgency. "Do you want me to make you come?"

"Oh, God, yes," she says with panting breath against my mouth.

I slide two fingers inside her and place my thumb over her erogenous nub. I apply light pressure with a gradual increase as my thumb slides back and forth. "I'll always take care of you, baby."

I feel her entire body tense, followed by the internal rhythmic spasms against my fingers. Her legs tense as she arches her back. It never gets old seeing her this way. I'm still amazed by how hard she can come and how beautiful she is when she does.

When the rush of her orgasm is over, she relaxes and looks up at me hovering above her. "You're so good at that."

I'm relieved that she's handled my intimate touch so well. I'm confident that she is going to be fine with me being inside her, but I still choose to proceed with caution. I press my c**k against her slick slit and watch her face for any outward sign of stress. "You're okay?"

"Yes. Please stop being weird about this. That bothers me worse than what actually happened. I don't want awkwardness between us, so now it's me telling you to leave him out of this."

She's right. I'm the one being weird and it stops here and now.

I kneel between her legs and grasp her behind her knees to pull her down the bed. I tap her on her hip as I tell her to lift her bum and I push both of the pillows under her hips before I drive deep inside her. She gasps and then smiles up at me. "That's more like it."

As I slide in and out of her in this different position, she never once takes her eyes from mine and I covet the deep connection I feel with her. It's erotic-yet incredibly loving-and is something I've never felt with any other woman. Ever.

As I thrust into her over and over, I lose myself in her caramel-brown eyes, because it's so easy to do, and I'm able to forget the night's events. I feel it building and then my favorite part happens when I get to thrust as deep as I can inside of Laurelyn as I call out her name. When I'm finished, I remain inside her because these are the moments I love. I'm able to envision it all when we're like this-our future as husband and wife with our children. And I always see it happening in Australia. Never here.

And I'm afraid that could be a problem.

Chapter Seventeen

I fall asleep in Jack Henry's arms. I must've been content because I don't wake once during the night. There's no way I could've done that before we were separated, but something about being apart has caused a change in me. It makes it possible for me to allow him in my space while I'm sleeping.

When I open my eyes, he's already awake. No shocker there. "Hey, you."

He kisses the top of my head. "Good mornin', love. Sleep well?"

Surprisingly, yes. "I did."

He pulls me in for a hug. "See? It's not so bad having me close."

"I've never thought it was bad," I explain. "I just wasn't used to it. I endured last night just fine."

He scoots away from me. "Endured? Hell, don't do me any favors."

I think I'm wearing off on him because that's one of my lines. "I'm sorry," I laugh. "Endure is a poor word choice. That's not what I meant at all." He lies back down beside me. "I just meant that I didn't wake up once, so I was obviously content with having you in my space. Our space."

"Our space sounds much better than your space."

"Agreed."

My stomach growls and I remember there are no groceries in the apartment since I've been away for weeks. "There's nothing here to eat. I doubt I even have enough to scrounge up something for breakfast, so I'll have to make a grocery run this morning. And you're going with me." I point to my nightstand. "Open that top drawer and pass me a pad and pen so I can start a grocery list."

He stretches over to open the drawer and the sheet pulls back just enough for me to catch a view of his sculpted ass. I pull the sheet back a little more for a better view and run my hand over it. I can't resist.

He laughs as he digs around in the drawer. "Hmm...what do we have here?"

I don't care what's caught his attention because I'm enjoying the view way too much.

When he rolls back, he's holding the purple vibrator in one hand and the Bullet in the other.

Oh, shit. I totally forgot about those being in that drawer. I cover my blushing face with both hands. "A gentleman would have pretended he didn't see those."

"I think we've established that I'm only a gentleman in public-not in the bedroom. But I must tell you that it makes me feel pretty damn spectacular to know that you needed two of these battery-operated boys to replace what I did for you."

As if that's even possible. "You'd be mistaken if you think any number of those things could ever replace what you do for me."

"They don't have to replace. They can...enhance," he suggests.

"You don't need enhancing."

He's twirling the Bullet around in his hand. "Well, maybe we should try them out and see. You might like the kind of enhancing I do with them."

I have no doubt I'd like anything he does to me while using them. "Now?"

"Unless the grocery store is going somewhere."

"Smart-ass." Of course, he means now. I don't know why I'd think otherwise. He's a morning man. And a night man. And an everything-in-between man. "Okay."

He moves down in the bed. "Close your eyes and don't open them. I want you to lie still and completely concentrate on the sensations."

I reach for my pillow and put it over my face because I know me. "I'll be too tempted to look."

I feel him grab the back of my thighs and he brings them up so my feet are flat against the bed. He pushes my knees apart and the thought of what he's seeing strikes me. I'm naked with my legs spread wide apart in the daylight. This is why he wanted me to close my eyes. He knew I'd feel uncomfortable in this position with him staring at my stuff.

It's only a few seconds later when I hear the buzz. I didn't use the things enough to know if there's a difference in the sounds they make, so I have no idea which one he's going to use.

I'm shaking with anticipation when I feel the vibration touch me. He starts at the top and slowly drags it down one side before bringing it up again. "Do you like that?"

I lift the pillow ever so slightly to take a peek at him. "You know I do."

"Good."

He moves to the other side and repeats the same movement. When he finishes, he slides what I've decided is the Bullet through my suddenly drenched center. Every time he brings it up, he directly hits my clit for only the briefest time. It's not enough to make me come, but it's enough to make me want to so badly, I'm ready to scream if I don't. I'm certain he's aware of this because he knows my body so well and he's doing it to tease me mercilessly. "What about that?"

This time I don't lift the pillow because I'm squeezing it too tightly. "That feels amazing."

"Perfect. I'm going to throw in a little something else to spice things up."

Good grief! What else could he do to spice this up?

I feel him enter me before the question is even completed in my head. He's moving in and out of me and I feel the vibrations of the Bullet circling my clit over and over. It's only enough to push me to the edge without falling over, but I know it won't last much longer. "I'm gonna beat you there, buddy."

He pounds into me harder and faster. "You wanna bet on that? Tell me how close you are."

"Pretty close. I can see the finish line."

"I'm right there with you, baby."

Just when I think it's going to take a little more to push me over the edge, he cups his fingers over me and the Bullet and presses it so that it vibrates against the whole area from my clit down to where he's inside me.

And that's when the postman delivers. Oh my God, is it ever magnificent!

I feel his hand wrap around one of my hips as he jerks me toward him so he can drive harder inside me those last few times as he comes. When he grits my name out from between his teeth, I want to scream, but I can't. I'm speechless because the waves and spasms deep within have robbed me of my voice.

When it's over, my arms drop lifelessly to the bed and the pillow remains over my face. He pulls out of me but I feel his hands on my knees continuing to hold them apart. "You're so beautiful."

"How can you tell? My face is covered," I mumble from under the pillow.

"That's not what I'm talking about."

Oh, shit! He's saying my baby hatcher is beautiful?

"You're so weird!"

"Never claimed I wasn't," he laughs.

I take the pillow from my face and smack him with it. "Get your weird ass up and shower so we can go to the grocery store. I'm hungry."

Jack Henry and I are strolling through the market, both in jeans with T's, but he's wearing a ball cap for a team I've never heard of so I assume they're Australian. He's pushing the cart as I walk beside him. I'm tossing stuff from the shelves into the basket and I can't remember a time when I've ever felt more domestic in my life. And I like it.

Mrs. Porcelli continued to do all of the shopping after I moved in, so this is the first time we've been in a grocery store together. I suspect it's the first time Jack Henry has been inside a market in years, but he seems content to be here with me.

I'm reaching for something on the shelf when I feel his arms snake around me from behind. "What's for dinner tonight?"

He's obviously not been paying attention to the things I've been throwing into the cart or he'd have already figured it out. "I seem to recall you having a thing for my lasagna."

"So good, it brought me to my knees."

"It wasn't the lasagna that did that," I laugh. "But I'll cook it for you, if that's what you want."

"Yes, please. And we'll stop for wine on the way home."

I'm about to tell him no one in town carries his wine when I hear "Jolene" ringing from my back pocket. "That's my mom. I haven't spoken to her in a while. I probably should take it. She'll keep calling if I don't."

He kisses the top of my head before releasing me and I reach for my phone. "Hey, Mom."

"I was calling to check on my baby girl. I wanted to see how life on the road was treating you."

I dread this. "I'm not on the road. I'm back in Nashville."

"Why? Did something happen?"

"Yes. Something bad happened. Blake Phillips attacked me last night. I got banged up a little bit, so Randy thought it would be best to cancel our shows for the rest of the week. We only had a few left anyway."

"What did he do to you?" I hear the horror in her voice.

I'm standing in front of Jack Henry in the middle of a grocery store. This is definitely not the time or place I want to have this conversation. "I'm buying groceries right now. Would it be okay if I call you when I get home?"

"No. Your dad and I are coming over so you can tell us exactly what that man did to you."

Dammit. She has a key to my apartment and I don't want her to beat me there and wander into my bedroom. I'm not sure we put the toys back in my nightstand drawer. "No, Mom. Don't do that. Why don't you wait until a little later? I'll need to put away the groceries. Maybe you can come for dinner." I look at Jack Henry and shrug. "But I have someone staying with me. Jack Henry is here."

"Your Aussie guy?"

I look at Jack Henry and smile as I answer, "Yeah, Mom. My Aussie guy." Hearing me say that makes him beam.

"And I suspect you're happy about that?" Something about the way she asks makes me think she's not pleased to learn that he's here.

Happy is a severe understatement. "I am. Very much so."

"Okay. Your dad and I will come for dinner and meet your boyfriend. What time?"

"Does six o'clock work?"

"Sure. See you then."

I end my call and look at Jack Henry. "We won't be dining alone."

He doesn't look thrilled. "I gathered as much. I knew I'd have to meet her at some point. Tonight is as good as any."

He doesn't sound thrilled, either. "What do you mean you'd have to meet her at some point? You sound like you already don't like her."

"She treats you poorly. It's been tolerable from a distance because I didn't have a choice, but now I'm here. I won't put up with anyone mistreating you, and that includes her. I don't care if she is your mum."

Geez. I'm predicting this night isn't going to go well. "It isn't just her. My dad's coming too. We haven't talked about this, but they're sort of back on again." What am I doing? This is Jack Henry. I don't have to pretend this is anything but what it is. "He's still married and they're sleeping together." It sounds so dirty when I say it and I'm not sure which reason makes it that way-if it's the married part or the fact that they're my parents.

"Perfect. Another parent to set straight. I can get them both knocked out at the same time."

This is going to be awful. "You're not setting anyone straight tonight. I want them to like you and I highly doubt they will if you tell them what shitty parents they've been."

He looks at me like he wants to argue but doesn't. "I won't tonight, but only because you ask it of me. It's gonna be hard as hell to keep my mouth shut."

"You can do it," I encourage. "I know you can. And every time they say something that pisses you off and you don't react, I'll reward you with something special after they leave."

"Bribery."

"I prefer to call it a reward system."

"Well, I do enjoy your rewards, so maybe this will work out well for me after all."

I'm about to tell him how I figured he'd see things my way when I hear the voice of a young girl. "Miss McLachlan?"

I turn at the sound of my name-my stage name, that is-and see a young teen girl staring at me. "Oh. My. God. You're the singer from Southern Ophelia, aren't you? I'm a huge fan. Can I get your autograph?"

I'm still not used to this and it's awkward. "Umm...sure."

She digs through her purse and seems to come up empty-handed. "What about my shirt? Would you sign it?"

It's not like I've never signed a shirt before, but it's usually after a concert. And it isn't being worn. It feels a little unnerving to be recognized out like this. "No problem."

When I'm finished signing, she passes her phone to Jack Henry. "Would you mind getting a picture of us?"

He pulls his hands out of his pockets and takes the phone from her. "Anything for one of Miss McLachlan's fans."

"It's the round button in the center. But I guess you already know that. I bet you have to do this all the time," she giggles.

He looks like the cat that swallowed the canary. "I take some mighty fine pictures of Miss McLachlan, if I do say so myself."

I try my best to keep from laughing at his sly remark about taking my almost-nudie pictures. He's such a naughty boy and I'll get him for it later.

"Thank you so much, Miss McLachlan. My friends aren't going to believe I ran into you like this."

When the girl is gone, Jack Henry is grinning from ear to ear. I can't help but wonder what's on his mind. "What's with the shit-eating grin?"

"Oh...nothing," he says as we begin to stroll down the aisle but adds, "Miss McLachlan."

I've never done this before, so I'm nervous as hell about it. My parents, one of whom I barely know, are going to be here any minute to meet Jack Henry. My boyfriend. The man I love. The one throwing around words like always and future when he talks about us.

I want to throw up.

I'm terrified this isn't going to go well. He already doesn't like either of my parents and I don't blame him. What if he can't keep that dislike to himself and make nice? He's opinionated and outspoken. This could be a total disaster. But even if it is, I'll still love him. This I know without a shadow of a doubt.

I reach for the lasagna in the oven and touch my inner wrist to the top of the rack above as I'm taking it out. "Shit!" My body's reaction causes me to let go of the dish and jerk my arm back. Luckily, the dish of lasagna survives, but I've burned the piss out of my wrist.

I run to the sink and immediately run cold water over it to stop the burning process as Jack Henry streaks into the kitchen. "What happened?"

"I burned myself. Rookie mistake."

"Let me take a look." Ah, the doctor is back. How nice to see you, Dr. McLachlan. It's been a while. I pull my wrist from the cold water long enough for him to examine it. "It'll be fine. Where are your zipper bags? I'll make an ice pack for it."

"Cabinet to the right of the stove."

He bags up some ice cubes before wrapping them in a dishtowel and passing it to me. "I'll get the lasagna out. You hold that ice over your burn."

I sit at the table so I can be worthless. "Thank you."

"You're welcome. It's the least I can do after you've slaved in here all afternoon. Do you need me to do anything else?"

I glance at the clock. "It's almost six. Will you put the bread in the oven? I already have it on the pan."

"Anything for you, Miss McLachlan."

"You enjoy that, don't you?"

"What?" He says it so innocently, but he knows what I mean.

"Calling me Miss McLachlan."

"I certainly do. It's good practice."

Good practice for what?

A knock sounds at the door and I'm instantly annoyed because I want to know what he means. I'm tempted to tell Jake and Jolene to hold up a minute because I need to get to the bottom of this. Of course I don't, but it's a topic I plan to revisit later when we're alone.

I get up to answer the door. "Here we go. Remember to be nice if you want your reward later."

"Yes, ma'am. Your caveman is going to make you proud."

I give him a quick kiss. "That's my sweet boy."

Chapter Eighteen

I stand in the living room and wait for the recipients of the World's Worst Parents award to come through the door. This is going to be hard as hell to get through without opening my mouth-I know things about Jolene Prescott's past that the rest of the world doesn't, including Jake Beckett. I only have one reason to look these people in their faces and not tell them they're ass**les: Laurelyn.

As I stand there waiting, I realize Laurelyn has never shown me a picture of her mother. Without much thought, I always envisioned an older version of Laurelyn so when I see Jolene Prescott for the first time, she is nothing like I expected. She's a slim, attractive blond but looks nothing like Laurelyn. Her father, on the other hand, is a different story. Laurelyn is the spitting image of her father. I don't think a father and daughter could look more alike. He marked her well, which is ironic, considering he hasn't had anything to do with her for the last twenty-three years.

I can't let myself go there or I'll be telling these people off, so I shove the thought aside as Laurelyn introduces me to her parents for the first time. Polite introductions are made and we go into the dining room where Laurelyn has everything ready for dinner.

"You made lasagna. Jake, it's the best you'll ever have-better than any Italian restaurant. I don't know where she got her ability to cook, because it sure wasn't from me."

I know where she learned. While her mother was high and passed out, she was a little girl learning how to fend for herself.

Laurelyn looks at me and I'd almost think she could read my mind if I didn't know better. She taps the top of my foot with hers and gives me that look, the one that says, Stop it right now. God, how does this woman know me so well-like she can read my every thought just by the expression on my face?

I bite my tongue to prevent it from rattling off what I really think. "Yes, ma'am. She's an excellent cook."

Laurelyn tries her best to keep the conversation light, but Jolene manages to steer it toward the assault. There's nothing Laurelyn can do to stop it. "I want to know what happened with Blake Phillips. Why did he attack you again?"

Again? This wasn't the first time? Well, that's something we'll be discussing later.

"Blake came to see Randy about bringing us back to Nashville to record a single. He was in the room when I showed up for the post-show meeting. To say I was shocked would be the understatement of the century. We argued about recording the song and I left. I had no idea he followed me to my room and when I unlocked the door, he grabbed me from behind and forced me inside."

"What did he do to you, Laurie?"

I haven't heard these details and I don't really want to, but I'm left without a choice because her mum isn't going to be satisfied until she knows it all. "I bit his hand over my mouth so I could scream for help." She points to her face. "He backhanded me here. And then he went nuts when I told him I didn't want him."

"What do you mean he went nuts?"

Laurelyn looks at me and then back to her parents. "He tried to rape me, but Jack Henry stopped him."

Her mother gasps and covers her mouth with her hand. "Oh my God. I didn't know that's what you meant when you said he attacked you."

Her father pounds his fist on the table. "If I'd dealt with him after that stunt he pulled with you outside the studio, this wouldn't have happened."

What stunt?

"It's not your fault. I told you I didn't want you to make a big deal out of it because of his family. I had no idea he was that unstable, but I'm pressing charges and I took out a restraining order. He's not supposed to come near me, but don't worry. Jack Henry will be here with me."

"But for how long?" her mum asks.

I don't appreciate her tone and I suspect Laurelyn sees it on my face. "Three more weeks."

"Where does that leave the two of you if you're going back?" Jolene asks.

We look at one another and it's evident. Neither of us knows, so we don't answer.

The tension is thick. Jake attempts to cut through the discomfort. "What kind of work do you do, Jack?"

It's a safe topic. "I own several vineyards and I produce a variety of vino."

"Sounds like you must do well for yourself."

"I manage." I've never been one to boast about my wealth, except when I thought I could use it as a line for getting Laurelyn into my bed.

"Don't let him fool you with his modesty. His vineyards do quite well."

"Well enough that we don't have to worry about him being here because of the success you've achieved since you saw him last?" Damn! She just puts it out there, doesn't she?

"Mom!"

"It's okay. I understand why that might raise suspicion with your parents. I'm not offended in the least." I'm not insulted by her concern. In fact, her worry makes me proud that for once, she might have her daughter's best interests at heart. However, it makes me mad as hell that she questions my love. "Laurelyn's father isn't the only multimillionaire sitting at this table, Miss Prescott. Although I'm very happy for Laurelyn and her success, I don't need one cent of her money."

"I had no idea you were so wealthy."

Of course Laurelyn didn't tell her. She wouldn't. "She didn't tell you because my money means nothing to her."

And that's only one of the many reasons I love her so much.

I survived dinner. Barely. And I kept my promise to Laurelyn, although I've never bit my tongue so many times in my life. I need a f**king tongue transplant after enduring two hours with Jolene Prescott, but I told myself the entire time that it was all for my girl. That was the only way I could get through it without telling that woman what a selfish and shitty mother she's been to a woman who deserves so much more.

She actually had the nerve to tell me that Laurelyn's career was here in the U.S. and not in Australia. She said it like I was a dumb-arse and didn't already realize that. I know America is where country music stars make it big. I don't need her to tell me that, so now I consider her insulting in addition to being selfish. But the icing on the cake was when she told me I'd ruin Laurelyn's life if I robbed her of all the opportunities she had in her future.

None of that is Jolene Prescott's decision to make. Even as badly as I want Laurelyn to choose me, it's not my decision. Only she can decide which path she wants to take in this life. And all I can do is pray that her mother doesn't get in her ear and persuade her that her life isn't with me.

When they're finally out the door, I fall onto the couch and rest my head on the back. I'm looking at the ceiling when Laurelyn sits next to me. "I'm sorry that was...what it was."

"Just so you know...that did not improve my opinion of your mum at all."

"It didn't do much for mine, either. I'm sorry she was such a bitch to you, but there's good news."

"Please, let me in on whatever it is. I need something good in my life after that."

She lowers herself to the floor between my knees and begins removing my shoes. "You have a reward coming for the stellar way you handled yourself tonight," she says as she slides my second shoe off. She removes my socks and flings them over her shoulder. She pops the button on my jeans and she's wearing a wicked grin as she slides the zipper down. "I think you need some room in these pants. They look a little tight."

I nod as I watch her hands move from my open fly to the waist of my jeans where she hooks her fingers around them and my boxer briefs. "Upsy-daisy," she directs as she pulls downward. I lift my hips and she's careful to avoid snagging my hard-on as she slides them to my feet before tossing them onto the floor.

After I'm naked from the waist down, she rises to her knees and runs her hands up my thighs before she rakes her nails slowly down my legs. "I'm gonna suck you off so good, you'll forget your own name."

"I dare you."

She grabs me where my legs are bent and gives me a jerk to scoot my body closer to her. Frankly, I'm a little surprised because I didn't realize she was packing that kind of strength in her tiny body.

Her eyes watch mine as her tongue touches the base of my c**k and she slides it slowly up the shaft until reaching the tip. She swipes her tongue back and forth across the end before tilting her head and wrapping her mouth around the base from the side. She glides her mouth upward and then covers me as she takes me fully inside her mouth.

I love watching her do that. It never gets old.

I lace my fingers through her nape and massage the muscles of her neck as each stroke of her mouth brings me closer to ecstasy. I love seeing her head bob up and down as she takes me deeper with each pass. She uses her hand to grasp the void space and it glides up and down in perfect rhythm with her mouth. She does this motion over and over until I feel it building and I'm ready to blow.

"I'm getting close," I warn her because it always needs to be her decision if I come in her mouth.

Like always, she doesn't stop and I can't believe how lucky I am to have a girl who does any of this for me. She is so f**king hot!

I try to hold back so I can make it last longer, but I'm a goner when she squeezes her hand tighter around the base. I flex upward into her mouth and her hands move to wrap around my hips as she gives me one last hard suck. I place my head against the back of the couch and look up at the ceiling. "You are my dream come true."

That's how I stay for several seconds before I lift my head to see her sitting at my feet, her chin resting on my leg as she looks up at me. "I love seeing you come apart like that. It's amazing to know I'm able to do that to you."

I place my hand on the side of her face and rub my thumb over her bruised cheekbone. "You're the only one who can."

She turns her face toward my palm and places her hand on top of mine. "I think I owed you that after you handled Jolie so well. I know that wasn't easy for you."

There's so much more. "Baby, you don't know the half of it."

"What else did she do?"

"She cornered me in the dining room while you were in the kitchen."

"What did she say?"

I don't really even want to go there because I'm afraid Laurelyn might begin to think about it and find some merit in her mum's words, but I tell her out of my own selfishness because I want to see her reaction. I've dropped hints here and there, but we've yet to talk about any kind of future together. I hope to read her face for some sign of how she feels about leaving her new successful life. "She told me I'd be robbing you of great opportunities if I took you away from your career."

"Oh, God."

"You know I'm not that person. I want you to have everything you've dreamed of."

"There are two things I dream of, and having one means I don't get to have the other."

I'm gonna put it out there. "The selfish part of me wants to tell you to quit this thing you're doing and come back with me, but I won't. It has to be a decision you make on your own. I couldn't take it if years down the road, you blamed me for robbing you of this life."

"And I want to tell you to sell everything and come here to build a life with me, but I understand how leaving behind the vineyards you know for the unknown could be disastrous for your livelihood. You've worked too hard to give up all of your success, and I could never ask you to move away from your family. So, where does that leave us? Where do we go from here?"

"I have no idea. I only know that I want you more than anything I've ever wanted in my life."

"Ditto." She kisses my leg. "I wish we weren't so complicated." As soon as the word complicated leaves her mouth, we both laugh. "I know. Complication is exactly what you wanted to avoid and look at what it's done to your life."

I hope she's not suggesting we would've been better off not knowing one another because nothing could be further from the truth. "Come here, love."

She gets up from the floor and straddles me. I take her face in my hands and hold it so she's eye to eye with me. "I don't regret you for a second. You're my favorite complication and you always will be." I see the tears forming in her eyes as they begin to glass. "I knew you were the next one the second I laid my eyes on you singing in that club, but you can never imagine my surprise when I realized that you weren't just the next one-you were the last one."

Chapter Nineteen

He has no idea what it does to me when he says things like that. It tears my heart in two. I know I love him and I want to be with him more than anything in this world, but then I have this life I've only barely tasted. What if I give it up and then we don't work out? Where would I be then?

Alone without a career. I've been there and done that, and it was terrible. I'm terrified of finding myself in that predicament again.

My heart is racing. I know he wants me to tell him I'll walk away from all this and go back with him, but I can't. "I'm scared. Terrified is actually a better word. I wish I weren't, but I'm the only person in my life who's ever had my back. This is my way of surviving-to put trust in someone besides myself is to become vulnerable. I've never allowed myself to do that. I'm just messed up that way and I'm not sure I can ever be any different."

"I know you can. I saw your vulnerability when you told me you loved me for the first time. You broke through those walls you'd built but I let you down. And even though you love me, you're not ready to trust me wholeheartedly again. But it's okay because I'm going to prove that you can put all of your faith in me."

I would love that so much-to have just one person I could always depend on for love and safety. And I'd love nothing more than for it to be Jack Henry. "Please don't confuse my lack of security for lack of love. I swear I couldn't love you more, but I need time."

"I want you to have everything you want. If time is what you're asking for, then I'll give you all you need." He pulls my face to his and kisses my mouth so gently, I almost swoon. "I'll always give you anything you want."

I feel his erection sandwiched between us and I rock my pelvis gently against it. "Right now, there's only one thing I want, and you're definitely the only person who can give it to me."

In record time, he has us moved to the floor and I'm on my back with him dragging my jeans and panties down my legs. He's merciless when he drives into me so hard, my back skids across the carpet. "Sorry," he apologizes but doesn't relent as he pounds inside me. I'm propelled further across the floor with each thrust.

I loop my arms around him to hold on. "Never be sorry for f**king me this good."

"God, you're gonna get carpet burn if I keep on like this."

He's up from the floor and pulling me with him. He lifts me and deposits my bottom on the arm of the couch. I fall backwards on the cushions before I lift my feet to his shoulders and he's at it again. Damn. I'm getting f**ked while practically standing on my head, and it's pretty superb.

I should be willing to walk away from my life just so I can have this done to me every day. It's definitely something to consider.

He wraps his hands around my thighs and pulls me up to him as he drives harder with each thrust. "I meant what I said. I swear you are my f**king dream come true."

It's amazing how he can take the sweetest things, throw the word "fucking" in the middle of it, and I could melt into a puddle at his feet. If my panties weren't already off, I'd be dropping them after hearing him say that.

I don't have time to think of a witty response because he's thrusting into me those last few times. "There's nothing I love more than being inside you, Miss McLachlan."

Okay, that's a little different. Usually he just groans my name. This time I get a complete sentence, ending with "Miss McLachlan."

When he's finished coming, I slide up the couch and he sinks over on top of me with his body settled between my thighs. "I swear you don't miss an opportunity to get between my legs."

"No, I certainly do not, and that won't be changing any time soon." He reaches down and grins mischievously as he cups his hand over me. "This is where I love to be."

I slap his hand away because sometimes a girl just needs a little break. "You are an animal."

"And you love it."

He always says that. And it's true. "Yeah, I do."

"We have six days to ourselves before you're scheduled back in the studio. Do you want to do something special?"

I'm always up for anything, special or not, with him. "What do you have in mind?"

"I don't know. Maybe take a trip somewhere?"

I've been away from home for so long. I'd like to spend some time here instead of being gone all week. "Maybe if it was a short trip-no more than three days."

"What about Vegas?"

I like the thought of a little fun at the casinos. "I could handle a little R and R. Maybe do some gambling. See a show."

"What day works for you?"

I don't want to come back and have to roll into rehearsals the next day. "Can we do it soon so I can have a few days to rest before I have to be back in the studio? It's going to be hell on wheels once we start this new material."

"Anything you want. How about the day after tomorrow? Then you can be back to have the weekend to rest before you're in the studio Monday."

"Let's do it."

I've never been to Las Vegas. Until I started touring with Southern Ophelia, Australia and New Zealand had been the extent of my travels-and those were on someone else's dime. I guess this trip is too, but I don't feel quite so dependent. I could afford this trip if Jack Henry would let me pay. But he won't because that's just how he is.

We check into our hotel and of course, he's booked the most luxurious suite they have-the presidential, I'm certain. It's enormous and the decor is extravagant with no shortage of luxurious furnishings in shades of gold and taupe. The bathroom is majestic in matching tones of gold and the frisky girl inside me can't wait to see what Jack Henry comes up with for us to do in the gigantic jetted tub the size of a small swimming pool.

Maybe we should stay more than two days. I can see how this could be relaxing. Maybe I shouldn't be in such a hurry to get back since Jack Henry and I can have way more fun in that double shower with a gazillion faucet heads than in my apartment's small fiberglass tub.

"What do you want to do first?" I'm hoping he'll say we'll soak in the tub together. We haven't done that in so long.

He taps me on the end of my nose. "You, my dear, have an appointment in fifteen minutes."

"For what?"

"A little well-deserved pampering. I scheduled you an hour and a half in the spa for all those girlie things you like so much, and then an hour with a masseuse-a woman, per my request. I don't want any man putting his hands on you, especially your back. That's mine and no other man touches it."

It's a back, not a vagina. "You can be such a caveman sometimes."

"I won't argue with that." He puts his arms around my waist and I feel his warm breath against my ear as he huskily says, "I'm going to have you on that table in my wine cave again one day, but next time, I'm f**king you until you scream."

"I think I recall some screaming at some point," I remind him.

"Yeah, but not the kind I have in mind for next time."

"Promise?"

"Abso-fucking-lutely." He grabs both of my butt cheeks and playfully growls. "Now, get your perfect little bum downstairs for some pampering."

"Yes, sir."

He kisses the side of my face where I'm still sporting a dark bruise. "I have a conference call so I'll be here in the room tending to business back home if you should need me for any reason."

"Okay."

"Enjoy yourself."

As if there's a chance I wouldn't. "Don't worry. I have a feeling I will."

I enter the spa and the receptionist heads me off before I can say a word. "Mrs. McLachlan?"

I'm taken aback by the Mrs. part. I'm used to being called Miss McLachlan, but I like the sound of it so much that I don't correct her. "Yes."

"We are ready for you. Right this way."

I follow the small brunette into a room at the back of the spa. She places a velour robe on the chair as she directs me on what we'll be doing. Once I'm changed, I'm taken to a private room where the magic begins.

I'm mannied, peddied, scrubbed, and buffed to perfection. My hour and a half ends too soon but then I'm taken to another room where I'm placed face down on a table and draped only across my bottom.

I've never had a massage but I see why Jack Henry wouldn't want a masseur for me. I'm all but naked.

The next hour flies entirely too quickly, but I'm feeling refreshed and relaxed when I leave. I pass several shops in our hotel lobby as I'm walking toward the elevator. Something in the window of a shop catches my eye-a showgirl costume.

It's a black bustier, trimmed in red with a bow sitting directly between the br**sts. There are black and red feathers forming a skirt across the back and a small matching headpiece. The look is complete with black fishnet stockings. It's hot. He'd love it.

Hmm...I brought lingerie with me but that sort of stops being a surprise when I wear it every time. There's no way he'd be expecting to see me looking like a burlesque showgirl.

When in Vegas...

I go inside the boutique for a closer look and a saleswoman immediately asks how she can help me.

I point to the costume in the window. "How much is this?"

"Umm...I believe it's fifteen hundred."

Shit! Fifteen hundred bucks for that tiny little outfit? I'm still not used to having extra money to spend, so it feels like a lot to blow on something like that. I stand there looking at it and although it's the most ostentatious purchase I'll have ever made, I want it for my caveman. "I'll take it."

I ease the door open and hold it as it closes. I want to sneak inside the suite without Jack Henry knowing so I can hide my purchase. I hear him talking in the living room, so I tiptoe past the doorway and then make a run for the bedroom. I quickly look around, searching for the perfect hiding spot. Rats. There's not a lot of hiding places so I opt for putting it on the shelf in the closet. Maybe he won't have reason to go digging around in there.

I nonchalantly walk out of the bedroom into the living room and Jack Henry notices me. He's talking to Clyde from the Chalice Vineyard but motions with his hand for me to join him on the couch. He inspects my nails and removes my sandals so he can see my toes better. I giggle when he brings my foot to his mouth and sucks my big toe, all while never missing a beat as he talks business.

That is so damn hot.

I feel that familiar stirring deep down in my groin when he gives me those eyes-the ones that tell me he wants to do something very naughty to me as soon as he's finished with his conference call-but I want to save it all for tonight when I'm wearing my surprise for him. I turn my head from side to side and give him the I don't think so finger shake.

He counters with a slow nod and a look of determination. He hates when I tell him no, but he's just going to have to not like it because I'm saving all my love for tonight. I want his anticipation to be at its highest. "No," I whisper. "There will be none of that until later."

"That sounds good, Clyde. I'll call you in a few days and we'll discuss it further."

I know he's cutting off his call sooner than he would have because of my rejection. "And just why not?"

"You're not the only one who can come up with surprises. I have plans for you later tonight, mister, and they don't include getting it on right now."

"Getting it on," he laughs. "I call it getting off."

"Getting on. Getting off. Whatever you want to call it, we're not getting any right now. You're waiting."

"I don't like waiting," he whines, still sexy as hell.

"Well, tough. You are because I said so." I must remain firm and resist anything he throws my way. "But just think...it'll be so damn good when you finally get it."

"I don't want to think about how damn good it'll be. If I do, I'll get hard with no relief in sight," he complains.

"You're right. Don't think about it." I kiss him quickly. "I'm going to get ready."

"So I can't join you in there?"

I knew he'd try. "No."

"Shit, Laurelyn. You're being pretty cold to the guy who just had you pampered for two and a half hours."

"It'll be worth it. I promise."

"I'm holding you to that." And I have no doubt he will.

"I would expect nothing less."

I walk into the suite's living room, ready for the night. I'm wearing a black one-shouldered minidress and mile-high f**k-me pumps. Yep. They're definitely devil shoes but I'll gladly take the discomfort because I love the way Jack Henry looks at me when I wear them.

I'm also wearing my diamond star pendent because I never take it off and the diamond stud earrings he gave me the night we went to the opera. I reach up to touch them as I enter the room and I'm reminded of some fond memories at the Opera House.

"Baby, you look so f**king hot." See? Another example of how he adds f**king to a sentence and makes my panties want to melt away.

"Thank you."

"But you're missing something," he hints.

I've fallen for this trick in the past, but I know what it means when he says that. He has a gift for me-an expensive one-and I feel the little girl in me jumping up and down impatiently to see what her present is. "What do you have for me?"

He walks over to the coffee table and picks up a long skinny black box. "I had this made for you." He pops it open and inside is one of the most beautiful diamond bracelets I've ever seen. "It's beautiful."

It's a continuous pattern of diamond stars, identical to my pendant, alternating with infinity symbols. "It's beautiful."

"Do you want to guess the significance?" He does that-always giving me jewelry with significance.

"I understand the stars but I don't know what the infinity sign is about."

"It symbolizes two different things. First, you always use your finger to trace an imaginary infinity symbol when you're nervous about something."

I had no idea I did that. "I do?"

"Yes. And the second part symbolizes my love for you. It's infinite-limitless and impossible to measure." I run my finger over one of the infinity links.

He doesn't have a lot of competition but this is by far the sweetest thing anyone's ever done for me. "My love for you is endless and you never cease to amaze me." I suddenly feel very guilty for denying him what I know he wants. "I'll get naked for you right now if that's what you want. I won't make you wait until later."

"I didn't take you for one to bend so easily to my will, Miss McLachlan," he laughs.

Hearing him call me that is the icing on my cake. "It makes it pretty hard to be tough when you say and do such sweet, romantic things."

"I didn't tell you those things or give you the bracelet so I could get laid."

As if it would take either. "We both know you don't have to say or give me anything to get me under you. With a fair amount of certainty, I think you can label me as your sure thing."

"As much as I love hearing that, I do mean it when I say I love you infinitely."

"I know you do. And I feel the same about you." I hold out my wrist. "Now, put my bracelet on me so I can show off your love."

He fastens the clasp around my wrist and brings my hand to his lips for a kiss. "I'll only be a few minutes getting ready."

"You never told me where we're going."

"I know," he says, grinning, but offers no further explanation.

As promised, he's ready in little to no time at all. He's in a suit, something I haven't seen him wear in a really long time. It's platinum with a white and silver pinstriped shirt and a brilliant blue tie that brings out the breathtaking beauty of his eyes. Seeing him in it reminds me of the night we met in that blues club in Wagga Wagga.

"Mmm...still hotter than the devil's ass."

"What's that, love?" He heard me. I know he did. He just wants to hear me say it again.

"I was just saying you still look hotter than the devil's ass when you wear a suit."

"Wow. If I'd known you felt that way, I'd have worn one more often."

"I like you just fine in your jeans and Indiana Jones hat." Especially the hat. I'll have to ask him to wear nothing but the hat one day since he asked me to wear nothing but my boots.

"You find the hat I wear to work sexy?"

"Yeah."

"I didn't bring it with me."

"That's okay." I catch myself before I blurt out that I can see him wear it when we get back to Australia.

It's such an automatic thought, the idea of going back with him. But is that what I need to do? The mystery isn't in whether I want him or not-it's if I can leave my career and family for a life with him nine thousand miles away.

And I still don't know the answer.

Chapter Twenty

I see the look on Laurelyn's face and I know she's worrying about where our relationship is going and how we'll make things work. But I don't want this getaway to be about stress or angst. I only want us to have fun. And sex. Lots of sex. "Don't go there."

She wrinkles her forehead. "Don't go where?"

She's being coy. She knows exactly what I mean. "Wherever it is you go in your head when you get that tense look on your face."

"Maybe I'm constipated."

That's my girl. Take a potentially painful subject and turn it into something funny. "Okay, Miss Comedienne. We'll pretend you're constipated instead of worried about our relationship." I hold out my hand for her. "Come on. Let's go."

We step off the elevator and I lead her toward the restaurant I've chosen. We're seated in a room where we'll be catered to by our own personal chef. "Are you hungry, babe?"

"Yes. I'm starving."

"Craving anything in particular?"

She grins mischievously. "I want meat."

"That can be arranged. In fact, you can have a little now and a lot later. I know you like your steak cooked medium but what you'll have later will be done well."

"I like things that are done well-especially when it's me."

I bring her hand to my lips for a kiss. "I intend on doing you quite well, love."

"You always do," she giggles as our server arrives at our table.

After enjoying a lovely meal with my beautiful girl, we leave the restaurant and I know her curiosity is piqued. "Are you ready to know what's next on the agenda?"

Her eyes are big with anticipation. "Of course."

"There aren't any good concerts tonight, so I booked a burlesque show." She breaks into a huge grin and I have to wonder what it's all about. "I thought you might like it since it's traditional Vegas stuff. We don't have to go if you don't want to."

"Oh, I definitely want to go."

I was afraid she might be pissed off at me for getting tickets to a show where women would be in skimpy costumes, but she clearly isn't. "You seem pretty excited about it. I was a little worried you might not want to see near-naked women dancing or that you might be mad at me because you'd think I wanted to see them."

"I'm not a hater. I'm a congratulator and it's just a show." God, you've got to love a woman with that kind of attitude. "You're not going to be making out with anyone except me."

"Damn right. We have private seats, so we might do more than make out."

"Umm...no."

She knows I hate hearing her tell me no. "Why not?" As my words come out, I recognize that I sound like a child.

"I have my reasons. You'll be glad we waited when you see what they are."

My curiosity is at an all-time high. "You have my mind reeling."

"Good."

We're seated in our private section, hidden from view of most everyone at the show. These seats weren't easy to score and they cost me a fortune, but I was willing to pay any price because I was planning to have some naughty fun with Laurelyn. What does she have up her sleeve?

At one point during the show, I try to creep my hand up her dress, but she slaps it away and scolds me with her eyes. Literally. "What?"

"You already know what."

"No, that's the problem. I don't know what." I think I could ease off a little if I did know.

She takes my hand from her leg and cups hers around it. "I have something special for you later and I'm not serving appetizers. So stop or I'm gonna get mad."

I see there's no persuading her so I should calm it down. "I can't help it. I'm frustrated as f**k because I want you so bad."

"You're going to have me tonight but you have to learn some patience."

Easy for her to say when she's the one withholding sex. "Why should I be patient when I don't have to be? No one is stopping us but you."

I see the expression on her face change before she turns to look straight ahead. I don't know if I've hurt her or pissed her off. "I'm sorry, babe. I didn't mean that the way it sounded."

She refuses to look at me. That's not good. "I think you did."

"Yeah, you're right. I did, but I don't want to fight about this. If you say we're waiting, then we're waiting. Blue balls or not, I swear I won't pressure you anymore."

She seems to soften. "We can go back to the room now if you want."

She says it so sweet, I feel like a giant dick. "No. I can see that this is important to you, so we'll wait."

We finish the show but all I can think about the whole time is getting her back to the room so I can make her scream, which isn't helping with my growing case of blue balls.

We're walking through the casino and I see her looking at the tables with curiosity. "Have you ever played?"

"No. I've never even been inside a casino." She's twenty-three and she's never gambled? I thought that was one of the first things you did when you turned twenty-one. "It looks like a Disney World for adults. Of course, I've never been there, either, so what do I know?"

"Ah, baby! I have so many places I want to take you." I want to show her the world.

"And there's no one I'd rather go with." I don't doubt her sincerity for a second.

I gesture toward the tables. "You want to play? I'll teach you what you need to know."

She looks around and takes it all in for a moment before she points to a craps table. "I think I might like to roll dice."

We find a hole and I throw a few fat bills in front of the dealer before several stacks of chips are pushed in our direction. I lift the towers and place them in front of her.

"You'll have to explain it to me because I have no idea what I'm doing."

"I'm not an expert on all the ins and outs, but I know the basics." When it's time for a fresh roll, I show her where to place her bet. "You'll put your chip here. If he rolls a seven or eleven, then you're a winner. But if he rolls a two, three, or twelve, then you lose. If he gets a number other than two, three, seven, eleven, or twelve, then he must roll that same number again before a seven to be a winner."

"Oh, shit. That's complicated."

"It's not once you get the hang of it."

She's scared to make bets at first but begins to warm up to the idea after several rolls. In no time at all, she's looking like a pro and has even gotten brave enough to roll the dice a few times. She's actually pretty good at it and has some nice runs when she rolls.

It's not surprising she catches the attention of every man at the table, young and old. I see them noticing her, and although I know she isn't interested, I don't care for the way they look at her. I especially don't like the way they look at her tits and arse when she's leaning forward to grab the dice and place bets.

I find myself drinking more than I should because I'm feeling a jealous streak. "Are you ready to go back to the room?"

She doesn't even look at me. "This is so much fun. Are you not having a good time?"

"I'd be having a much better time if we were in the room naked."

She leans over the table and every guy there is either checking out her cle**age or the rise of her hemline. "Just a little longer."

Fuck! I've created a monster.

Just a little longer turns into another hour and I'm on the drunk side before I mean to be. The combination of blokes ogling Laurelyn and the whiskey has put me in a particularly bad mood. "I'm done here. You can come up to the room when you want. Or not. Whatever."

She reaches for my arm. "Don't be that way. I'm just having fun doing something that's new to me."

"Yeah-while every man in this casino is blowing his load just looking at you every time you bend over." They're all thinking about how they'd give it to her in that position. I know what the f**kers are thinking because I have the same thing on my mind.

"Come on. You're being a little dramatic, don't you think?"

Hell, no, I'm not being dramatic. She isn't sitting back watching these bastards eye-fuck her. "No. They're all watching you, even the ones here with women."

"Well, you're the only one who gets to be with me." She takes her chips from the table. "Let me cash in and we'll go upstairs so we can get busy."

"Hey, hey. Now you're talking."

Yeah. I just acted like a toddler throwing a fit, but it totally worked so I don't give a f**k. I put my drink down on the lower shelf of the craps table because I don't need another drop of alcohol. I'm not wasted but I definitely have had more to drink than I should have. Laurelyn still has a surprise for me when we get in the room-I'll bet it's hot lingerie. She loves to dress up for me.

When we're back in the room, Laurelyn takes a bag from the top of the closet and tells me to sit in the chair in the living room to wait while she changes. She seems to be taking a long time. "Everything okay in there?"

"Yeah. Just give me another minute. This is trickier than I thought."

Hmm...that sounds interesting.

She opens the door an inch or two and peeks out through the crack. "Close your eyes."

I love it when she makes me do that. That means this is going to be fan-fucking-tastic. "Okay. They're closed."

I hear the start of slow, seductive music I don't recognize and she tells me I can open my eyes. I'm more than a little surprised to see her standing in front of me dressed in her sexiest ensemble yet-a black and red showgirl costume. "Fuck me running! You look so damn fine in that, baby."

"I'm glad you like it."

"Oh, I more than like it."

She begins to move to the music. "I don't have my pole so I'll have to improvise."

I put my hand on the crotch of my pants. "There's only one pole that counts and I've got it right here."

"That mouth of yours..."

"You love this mouth of mine and everything it does to make you come."

She lifts the back of her hair from her neck and bites her lower lip as she bends at her knees, swaying her hips. "Yes, I do."

She turns her back to me and slowly swings her bum from side to side in my face. The feathers forming a skirt oscillate back and forth and I think about what I'm going to do to that arse when I get her out of that costume. She doesn't know, or maybe she does, how it's killing me to see her look so damn hot without being able to pounce on top of her.

"Talk dirty to me," she purrs.

That won't be a problem. "I'm so f**king hard for you right now. When I get you out of that costume, I'm gonna bend you over and f**k you from behind because you're a dirty girl and I know you love it."

She bends at her waist and shakes her bum in my face. "Mmm-hmm. I love it when you do me like that."

Oh, hell! She hasn't even touched me and I think I may be close to blowing my load just by hearing her talk dirty. "Come here and give me a lap dance."

She shimmies her way over and sits on my lap with her legs wide apart. She lightly rubs her bottom back and forth across my hard-on and then leans closer until her back is against my chest. She drops her head back and my mouth hovers over her ear. I nip at her earlobe and she moans, "Say something else dirty."

I suck her earlobe and then release it as I move my hands to her proud br**sts standing up in her bustier. I don't know where it comes from but I suddenly feel this intense emotion overtake me, and it's not lust. It's love. And it makes me brave.

I feel my heart racing as I prepare to say the words that just popped into my head. I reach for her face and turn it so she can see me over her shoulder. "Marry me."

Chapter Twenty-One

Jack Henry just asked me to marry him. Sort of. Maybe. I'm not really sure if that was supposed to be a real proposal. I don't know if I can take him seriously; he's drunk as hell. Who knows if tomorrow he'll remember bringing it up?

I spin around so I'm sitting sideways across his lap. I need to see his eyes. "What did you just say?"

His blue eyes are hazy but they don't leave mine. "I said, marry me."

"You're drunk."

"Yes, I am a little wasted, so you have a good argument there, but I still know what I'm saying. I've been thinking about it for a while-a long while, actually. I love you and I want you to be my wife."

"I can't say I'm really all that excited about a drunk proposal."

"I get that this is really bad. I know my proposal is terrible, but don't say no. I can do better when I haven't been drinking. I'll have some flowers and a ring and I'll say things to make you swoon." At least he recognizes the problem.

I can't put too much thought into the things he's saying. I'd be a fool to get my hopes up but I must admit I love hearing those words come from his mouth. I'm not fool enough to encourage this talk while he's shitfaced, so I take him by the hand and tug until he's up from the chair. I lead him toward the bedroom and we stop beside the bed. I loosen the knot of his tie before I lift it over his head and fling it to the chair in the corner of the room. I unbutton his shirt and pants to remove them before he lies down. I figure it'll be much easier than trying to undress a drunk, oversized toddler in the bed.

When I have him naked, I barely push my finger against his chest and he falls backwards. "Tim...ber."

He chuckles at my reference. "Don't worry. I've got some wood for you."

Even drunk, he's still witty.

He scoots up in the bed until his head is propped on a pillow. "Strip for me."

The music has moved on to another sexy tune, so I begin my slow seduction of removing my showgirl outfit. He watches me with heavy, hooded eyes and I wonder if I'll be able to get naked before he passes out. I decide I probably shouldn't tarry too long in removing my costume.

When I'm free of the getup, I crawl up the bed and straddle him. I don't figure I should expect a lot of extracurricular activities since he's a bit saturated with whiskey, so I sink down on him. He watches me as I ride him and moves his hands to my br**sts. He squeeze them as I move up and down his length. "I love your tits so much. They're f**king perfect."

He rises and flips me onto my back. He's kissing down my shoulder onto my chest and then takes one of the rosy pink tips into his mouth. "I can't wait to see you nurse our babies."

Whoa. That's not dirty talk. It's serious when you start bringing babies into the mix.

I'm not even drunk and my head is spinning.

And he said babies-as in more than one. This Jack Henry is so different than the man I met six months ago. This one tells me he wants things that the other one was hell-bent on never having a part of. Maybe I'll regret it, but I decide I want to explore this a little more while his tongue is loose. "You changed your mind about wanting babies?"

He doesn't answer so I grab the top of his hair to pull his mouth from my nipple. "You changed your mind about getting married and wanting kids?"

"Yeah."

I grab his face to make him look at me. "Why?"

"Because I love you and I want to be your husband." He slides down and kisses my stomach. "And I want to see your belly grow with a part of me in it." He rubs me there. "I wanted you to be pregnant when I found you, but you didn't know that, did you?"

"I sort of suspected it based on how you acted and the things you said."

"It's probably better to be married for a while without a kid on the way."

"I think that's highly recommended."

"Yeah. 'Cause I'm gonna want to f**k you a lot." He enters me and groans, "Oh, this is so good. I'm gonna do this every day after I marry you."

It's all drunken talk so I probably can't pay it any attention, but it still sends shivers down my spine to hear him say things about marrying me and having babies. I have to question if he means what he's saying. After all, he is wasted. How sincere can he possibly be when he's in this kind of shape? There's only one way to tell-see what he says when he's sober.

He doesn't mention marriage or babies the next day. Or the next. I'm beginning to think he doesn't remember our discussion at all. Sure. I have no idea what I'd say if he asked me for real, but it pisses me off that he hasn't brought it up once. It's like the whole conversation didn't happen.

Maybe he doesn't have a recollection. He was definitely wasted. But I want him to remember saying those things to me. I want him to say them again when he's not shitfaced-even if I'm not sure what my response would be.

We're back in Nashville and I have two days before I return to the studio with the band. That means we only have two weeks before Jack Henry goes home. I don't want him to go. I wish he could stay here with me forever, but time isn't our friend. It never has been. Our moments together are always the grains of sand falling through the hourglass. A few months here. Another month there. I'm sick of having time restraints placed on this relationship like we have an expiration date.

It's Saturday morning and we're lounging on the couch. Jack Henry's head is in my lap while I'm reading my latest romance novel and I'm running my fingers through his hair. I know how much he loves it. He's relaxed, eyes closed, and I suspect he may have drifted off until he asks, "What do you want to do today?"

I don't want to do anything but be here with him without any distractions. "This."

"And tonight?"

Same thing. "A lot more of this. Is that okay?"

"Suits me." He reminds me of a dog lying on its back, getting a good petting.

"Going back to work will cut in on our together time." There. I said it.

"I'm not excited about that."

Neither of us has mentioned the tick of the clock, but that doesn't mean we should continue to act like it doesn't exist. "Two weeks," I sigh. "It's going to fly and be over before we know it."

"I know. What are we gonna do when that day gets here? Because it's coming sooner than we'd like."

"I don't know."

He opens his eyes and looks at me. "It will kill me to leave here without you."

I put my hand on his face and stroke the scruff I've come to love so much. "It will kill me to watch you leave me."

"So that's where we're at?" he asks. "We want to be together but don't have a solution for how we'll make that happen?"

I don't answer because I don't want to admit the truth. I wish I hadn't said anything because it's too hard to face. I prefer to pretend I'm not looking at losing him again.

Chapter Twenty-Two

It's been days since our Vegas marriage talk incident. I add the term incident because it wasn't really a talk. It was me drunk and spouting off about how I wanted to marry Laurelyn and have babies with her.

Not cool, Jack. No woman wants a drunken proposal. I must think of a better way to do it-something romantic that she'll love and want to tell our kids about for years to come.

But the proposal is moot if I can't convince her to walk away from this life, spending three-quarters of the year riding on a tour bus with a bunch of dudes, performing in a different city every night. That's not the life she should have. She should be with me starting our lives together so I can give her the family she wants.

I bought an engagement ring for Laurelyn today. I thought it would be difficult-maybe I'd even find myself short of breath or close to passing out-but it was really easy. I guess when it's right, you know it. I have no doubt I made the perfect choice for her.

But it all means nothing if I don't have the perfect plan for asking her to be my wife.

And I don't have a plan today. Or the next day. Or even a week later.

And now we're down to eight days. Our time together is running out and I have to come up with something fast. It's Saturday night and I take her out for dinner to one of Nashville's finest restaurants-or so I'm told. I really have no idea. I'm out of my element here. This isn't the proposal I'd have for her if we were back home. I'd take her to the beach house in New Zealand and have it covered in candles and fresh flowers. And afterward, we'd make love in our favorite bedroom where the sheer fabric drapes around and separates us from the rest of the world.

I didn't think I would be nervous, but I am. Something about carrying this ring around in my pocket all week has shaken my confidence. I'm terrified of everything-afraid she'll say no, she'll choose this life over one with me, refuse to leave her dysfunctional mother and father. Maybe this doubt is natural, something all blokes go through when they're about to pop the big question.

I called ahead with instructions for seating and they did a great job of granting my request. We're seated in the perfect spot, isolated in a booth in an alcove. It feels like we're the only people in the restaurant other than the staff. I think this seating for two was created for such things.

"What's wrong with you tonight?"

Am I that transparent? "Nothing. What makes you think something's wrong?"

She reaches across the table and places her hand on my forehead the way my mum does. "You don't look like you feel well. Are you sick?"

"I feel fine," I lie. My stomach feels like it has bats for contents.

"If you don't feel well, we can go home," she offers as she moves her palms to my cheeks. "You look flushed."

That's her mothering instinct taking over, and it reassures me that she's the perfect woman to be my wife and mother of my children. I take her hand from my face and kiss her palm. "I'm fine. Stop worrying."

As we finish eating, I know the time for my proposal is approaching. I'm on my third glass of wine but warn myself to cool it because Laurelyn won't be accepting of another drunk proposal.

I don't want to just blurt out, "Marry me," like I did in Vegas. I want to ease into it and what better way than to bring up me leaving. "We only have eight days before I leave."

"I hate our stupid time restraints," she sneers as she pushes around the last bite of her dessert. "Our time together is always a ticking time bomb. I hate it so much."

"I don't want to leave without you."

She rests her spoon on her plate and leans closer to me. "And I don't want you to leave. Period."

"Have you thought about what it would take for us to not be apart again?"

"Every day," she confesses.

"Me too. I think about it all the time. It consumes me night and day." And it does. I never stop thinking about it.

"What have you decided?"

I reach across the table and place my hand on hers. "I don't want to live without you."

"Me, either, but how do you suggest we make us work?" I can't tell if she's hinting for me to propose or if she truly has no idea.

I'm rubbing my thumb over the box burning a hole in my pocket. Is now the right time to tell her we'll make it work by getting married and saying to hell with all this other shit? That we'll figure it out as we go along? I have no idea, but I grasp the box in my hand and take it from my pocket. I'm holding it under the table, fidgeting with it. "I have something in mind."

I'm about to place it on the table in front of her when a man walks up to our table and interrupts. Dammit. I purposely waited until after dessert was served so this very thing wouldn't happen.

"Miss Paige McLachlan?"

This is no server or restaurant employee. He wouldn't know her stage name. Laurelyn glances up at him. "Yes."

A light flashes in her face as he takes several pictures of her with an enormous camera. "Can you comment for Country News on how it feels working in the music industry with Jake Beckett as your father?"

Shock and horror-that's the expression she's wearing. "What did you just say?"

His camera is hanging around his neck and he holds a recording device in front of her face. "Miss McLachlan, did your father get you your job with Southern Ophelia?"

Laurelyn looks at me and then back at the man. "I don't know who you are, but I'm not answering any of your questions."

He continues holding the recorder out to her. "Do you think Southern Ophelia's success has anything to do with who your father is?"

I get up from the table and step between them. There's ultimately no space between us when I stare him down. "She said she didn't want to answer any of your questions. Leave. Now."

He leaves but not before taking several more photographs and commenting, "It's amazing how much you look like him, Miss McLachlan. The fans are gonna love that."

She doesn't say anything immediately. I think she needs a minute to absorb what this means, so I let her have her time. Once she seems to have sorted it out in her head, she looks at me. "This changes everything. No one will ever see me as Paige McLachlan again. As far as the world's concerned, I'm only Jake Beckett's daughter."

"Southern Ophelia isn't where they are because you used his name. You and the band earned your success without riding his coattails. People will see that."

"I don't think so. I need to call my mom and...dad."

Well, there goes any chance of popping the question tonight.

"Hey, Mom. Are you at home?" She pauses briefly. "I'll be there in twenty minutes."

I'm not looking forward to seeing Jolene Prescott again since we didn't part on the best terms. I can tell she feels the same when she sees me walk into her living room with Laurelyn. Her narrowed eyes leave no room for doubt. Jake Beckett, however, is welcoming and gets up from where he's seated to shake my hand. "Nice to see you again, Jack."

Laurelyn's mum gives me a curt nod before looking to her daughter for an explanation. "What's going on?"

"Jack and I were having dinner and a reporter-at least I guess that's what he was-came over to our table. He took pictures and asked me to comment on how it felt to work in the music industry with Jake Beckett as my father." She focuses on Jake. "He asked me if you got me the job with Southern Ophelia."

Jake looks at Jolene and then back to Laurelyn. "I guess I should've told you this already, but I filed for divorce last week. It looks like the digging has started already. I'm sorry. I know you didn't want it to be known publicly."

"You shouldn't worry about this, Laurie," Jolene pushes. "It's not going to hurt you at all. If anything, this'll only boost your career." She doesn't get it, and I don't think she ever will. This isn't the way Laurelyn wanted to achieve success.

"But that's the whole thing, Mom. I don't want a boost from being genetically tied to Jake Beckett," Laurelyn tries to make her mum understand. "I want to earn everything on my own."

"And you will. You have. The world already sees how talented you are. Southern Ophelia was already doing great before this got out," her dad says to reassure her, but it's in vain. I can tell by her face. "You should tell Randy immediately. And I think we should schedule an interview as soon as possible. It'll look better if it's us telling the world instead of people seeing it on the front of a gossip magazine."

She's about to cry. I can sense it. "This isn't what I want."

"Well, it's a little late for that." The way Jolene says it almost makes me think she's happy about this.

Laurelyn holds the bridge of her nose and I suspect she's racking her brain for every other possible alternative. But she comes up empty because, by morning, this is going to be a wildfire raging out of control. "I guess I don't have a choice since it's coming out anyway. Just let me know when and where I need to be for the interview."

Chapter Twenty-Three

The last several days have spun out of control. It's gone public now-Jake Beckett is my father-and the vultures have descended. I can hardly push my way through the media gathered at my front door, so I'm forced to sneak out the back to my car parked a block down the street. Jack Henry insists on accompanying me everywhere I go now. He hasn't said it, but I think he's worried about my safety.

It's Friday night. We're down to two days. How did that happen? It feels like it was only yesterday when I saw him get out of that taxi in the midst of the pouring rain.

We're lying on the sofa face to face, my leg hitched over his. "You're leaving on Sunday and we still don't have a plan."

He draws a breath and blows it out slowly. "I can't stay. And unless something has changed, you're not ready to leave with me."

He hasn't come out and said it, but I have to give up everything for us to be together. "You're making me choose."

"No. Making you choose would be telling you to come with me or forget the whole thing. I'm telling you I love you and I want you more than anything in this world but that I can't stay." Is there really any difference in the two?

I don't think we'll survive being apart. Those kinds of relationships rarely ever make it. "I don't know how we'll make this work if we're not together."

He's rubbing my arm. I think it's his way of trying to comfort me, but it doesn't because nothing will at this point. "I guess we'll wing it. We'll talk every day and see each other when we can. We'll video chat and you can do a striptease for me in your showgirl costume."

I feel like I will burst into tears any minute. "It's not funny. I'm going to be miserable without you."

"Then come home with me so you don't have to be."

I want to but I can't walk away. Not now. "I can't."

"You mean you won't."

His livelihood is dependent upon his knowledge of the grapes he harvests. He's spent his life learning what each variety requires to prosper. I get that. Leaving the known for the unknown could potentially ruin him, but it's not fair to make me sound like I'm the only one unwilling to make a sacrifice. "Just like you won't stay."

He takes his hand from my arm and looks up at the ceiling. "Then I guess it's settled. You're staying here. I'm going back. We're no better off than we were when you slipped away from me four months ago. Except now, I love you so f**king much, it's going to rip my heart out to be away from you."

He's pissed off. I can tell. "You're mad?"

"Hell, yeah, I'm furious that our circumstances are what they are. I want to be with you and you want to be with me. Why can't we find a way to make this work?"

We lie silently for a while, the tension thick. He finally breaks through it. "How long is your next tour?"

I've purposely been avoiding thinking about it. "Three months. It starts in August and won't be over until the end of October. I only get two weeks off before we're back in the studio to work on the next album."

"Can you come spend the holidays with me?"

That's not going to work. "We already have Christmas shows booked."

"I'm trying to make plans to see you six months in advance, and you can't work me in. This is going to be a huge problem."

He says he isn't making me choose, but he is. He's not saying it but if I don't go with him, we're done. I am as certain of it as I've ever been of anything in my life. But why can't he understand that he's made me no promises? He hasn't asked me to marry him-not a serious proposal. I'd be nuts to walk away when I have absolutely no guarantee of anything. He could decide he's done with me three months from now.

I don't know what else to say. "Can we try it long distance and see how it goes?"

"I guess we don't have much of a choice if you're not coming with me."

Is he trying to make me feel worse than I already do? "Don't say it like that. You're making me feel guilty."

"If that's what it takes, then I want you to feel guilty-so much so that you'll pack all your shit and come home where you belong."

He says home and I immediately think of Avalon instead of this apartment or that tour bus. It's where I see myself when I think of him as my husband and I envision the family he wants to give me.

My mind is exhausted from rolling this around over and over, trying to come up with a solution that quite honestly doesn't exist. I've thought and worried about our relationship for almost a month, and I'm tired. If only for a little while, I need an escape from the dread of being separated again.

"Take me to bed and make me forget that you're leaving." I sound desperate, but I don't care.

"If I do, it won't be to make you forget. I'm gonna show you all the reasons you should go with me."

"Whatever. Either works for me."

He takes my hand and I follow him down the hall to my bedroom. He stops before we reach the bed and kisses me-just a simple, sweet, romantic kiss. When he finishes, I can't stop myself from sighing heavily.

"You won't get soft kisses on your lips when I'm gone." He moves to my neck and hits that spot just below my ear, the one that always sends chills down my spine. "Or here."

He grasps the hem of my shirt and pulls it over my head. He palms my br**sts as he continues kissing my neck and then slowly moves down over my shoulder. He reaches around to unfasten my bra as his mouth migrates to the space between my br**sts. When I feel the release of my bra, he slides the straps down my arms and it drops to the floor.

He kisses my abdomen all the way down as he drops to his knees in front of me. I feel his tongue swipe my belly button as he unfastens my jeans. I hear the sound of my zipper as he slowly slides it down and everything from my ni**les down to the tips of my toes tingles.

He normally hooks his fingers inside the band of my jeans and underwear to push them down, but not this time. He slides one finger inside the front of my panties and turns his hand over so that his fingertip can softly stroke my clit in a come-hither motion. I feel my panties dampen, that sticky, wet feeling, and every bit of it is for him-this man I love with all my heart. This man I don't know how to let go of.

He stops what he's doing and grasps my jeans and panties. He pulls them to my ankles and I hold onto his shoulders as I step out, one foot at a time. After he moves them out of the way, he wraps his hands around each of my hipbones and kisses my stomach before his mouth moves in a southerly direction.

This is never the best position for what he's about to do, so I'm glad when he pushes me to sit on the edge of the bed. He reaches for each of my legs and hooks them over his shoulders before he buries his nose against me. "I wish I could bottle this and take it with me. I'd spray it all over my sheets and roll around in it."

I giggle as I lace my fingers through his hair and stroke the top of his head. I'm going to miss hearing him say such highly inappropriate things.

I reach for the pillows on the bed and place them behind me so I can prop up and watch what he does. He's turned me into some kind of sex freak; I like to see his mouth between my legs. The dirty bastard has ruined me. Not that I ever want to have sex with another man, but no other could ever come close to bringing me the ecstasy I feel with him.

I jerk when his tongue touches me. Not because I'm scared or surprised but because my nerve endings are on fire, calling out to his mouth. It's sensory overload when they finally feel the sensation they desire so badly.

He pushes my legs back with his hands as he moves his tongue faster against me, and I feel that pressure rising, those magnificent waves that begin deep inside and rise until they burst through the surface. "Ohhh...right there's the spot. That feels so good." He always follows my direction so well. When I tell him he's in the right spot, he doesn't stop until he makes me scream.

He uses his tongue to apply more pressure to that pleasurable site and I feel my orgasm rushing toward the surface. I grasp his hair as I always do and tug. "Right there. Just like that." And a moment later, my entire body tenses as it escapes my mouth...the scream he knew he'd get out of me.

When I release his hair, I still feel his mouth against me as he says, "And she crosses the finish line, ladies and gentlemen."

I shove the pillows behind me and scoot backward on the bed. "This race isn't over yet."

He starts at my ankles and kisses his way up my legs. "Oh, this next part isn't going to be a race. I plan on taking my time with you, Miss McLachlan. Who knows? This could take all night."

"Promise?"

He grins as he continues up each of my legs. When he reaches the apex of my thighs, he stops to kiss the top of my pubic bone. "Always so smooth. You'll never know how much I like that."

He continues up my stomach until he reaches my br**sts. His mouth hovers in the center of my chest and he pushes them together to make a Jack Henry sandwich. The thought makes me giggle inwardly.

He moves up to my neck and pushes my hands over my head. "Turn over."

I roll to my stomach, my hands still over my head, and he begins kissing my neck. He slowly moves his way down and doesn't leave a single spot neglected. I'm covered in goosebumps-what he's doing drives me crazy, and he knows it.

And then he's at my lower back-the spot he covets-and he begins licking me. I don't know what it is about it that he loves so much, but I don't care if it means he does this to me. It's a turn-on like no other.

He moves on to my bottom and this is where he gets a little freaky. He does his nibbling thing where he bites my ass, but then he moves his mouth down between my thighs. He uses his knee to push my legs apart and shoves the pillows under me. I'm bent over them and...oh, f**k! He licks my girlie parts. From behind. He's never done it from that angle before and it feels...kinky. And I like it. A lot.

He grabs the back of my thighs and pushes them up and apart so my bottom is up in the air. I think being positioned like this would be mortifying as hell if what he was doing didn't feel so amazing.

He astonishes me the way he can always pull a different rabbit out of his hat.

He suddenly stops and says, "No, you're not coming like this again. I want to be inside you next time you get off." He cues me to roll over by tugging on my hip.

When I'm on my back again, he lies down on top of me. We're eye to eye. He runs his hands down the length of my arms until he finds my hands and lifts them over my head. He laces his fingers through mine and squeezes them. He doesn't take his eyes from mine-and doesn't even blink-as he enters me. But I see the look, the one that tells me how good it feels to be inside me. I can never mistake that look of pleasure for any other.

I bring my legs up and around him so I can feel him deeper. With Jack Henry, close is never close enough. I always want him nearer.

He props his weight on his elbows and cradles my head inside his lower arms. He showers kisses all across my face. "I love you so much. You are everything to me." Our hands are still fisted above my head and he squeezes them tighter as he continues slowly moving inside me. He presses his forehead against mine. "You kissed my heart awake."

Now it's me squeezing his hands tighter. "God, I love you."

He shifts his hips so he's putting friction against my sweet spot as he moves in and out of me. There's nothing like having a man who can make me come so many different ways, even with slow, gentle lovemaking. But there's especially nothing like hearing him tell me he loves me as it happens. From what I hear, I'm in the minority. I don't think most women orgasm with intercourse alone. But not all women have Jack Henry for a lover.

When it's over, he relaxes against me. I take my legs from around him and let them fall apart so he can nestle between them while he's still inside me. I cherish these moments, when we're still joined as one.

"Promise me you won't let another man do these things to you after I'm gone."

Wow. That sounds so final, like we're going to say goodbye and never see one another again. "No man will touch me like this or any other way. You're the only one."

"Swear to me."

"I swear."

He wraps his arms around me and I do the same. We squeeze one another to the point that it's almost painful. "I'm terrified of losing you."

"I'm terrified of losing you too."

He presses his forehead to mine again. "I can't stand it. I said I wouldn't do this, but I can't help myself. Please, come home with me. I know you can't have the career you want in Australia, but you know I can take care of you. You'll have anything your heart desires and you'll never have to work."

I consider it for a moment, but he still hasn't asked me to marry him. "I can't. I don't know how we'll make it work, but we'll find a way. We have to because the alternative isn't an option."

Chapter Twenty-Four

Laurelyn and I have spent the last two days either in bed or in the shower so we could go back to bed together. I'd say these were the best days of my life except for the reason behind why we've been nymphos for the last forty-eight hours.

I'm leaving today, and she's not coming with me.

We're standing at the security checkpoint and the sickening feeling I have in my stomach is far worse than I'd imagined it would be. I feel short of breath and my chest aches from my heart being torn out. The pain is even worse than when I found Laurelyn's goodbye letter.

I'm not a man who cries-ever-yet I feel it right there about to happen. It's foreign and I'm fighting it, but it's getting harder and harder with each passing minute. Our separation is imminent, and inevitable.

I'm holding her in my arms. I'm squeezing her harder than I should. I'm probably hurting her, but it's my attempt at meshing us into one so I don't leave her behind. And it isn't working.

I hear her soft, sweet voice against my ear and feel her trembling in my arms. "Don't leave," she whispers.

I feel the tears when they come and I bury my face in her hair. "Don't let me leave without you."

And we're back to that place I hate. She won't come and I can't stay.

Our time together is winding down. We don't have much time left and I pull away from her so I can see her face. "This is not at all the way I wanted to do this."

"I know. I didn't want you to leave with things between us feeling so...unsettled."

She doesn't understand I'm referring to something entirely different. "That's not what I mean, baby." I reach into my pocket and take out the black leather box I've carried everywhere with me for the last two weeks. I waited for the perfect moment, but it never presented itself. Now I get to do it this way only minutes before I'm about to leave her for God knows how long.

I hold it out so she can see it. I want her to have a moment to absorb where I'm about to go. She looks at it briefly before her eyes dart up to meet mine. She looks like she wants to say something but can't quite spit the words out.

"Laurelyn, I once asked you to be mine for three months. Now, I'm asking you to be mine forever."

She opens her mouth to speak and I place my fingers to her lips. "But I don't want your answer right now because you're not ready to say yes. You still need time to spread your wings and fly. I love you with all my heart and I want you to experience everything this life has to offer you because it won't wait. But I will. I'll wait for you as long as it takes, and you can come to me after you've had enough of this life...when you're ready to spend forever with me."

Tears fill her eyes. "You can not do this to me right before you get on a plane to leave."

I hear the last call for my flight to LA, so I flip the ring box open. "When you come to me, I will ask you to be my wife, but until then..." She cups her mouth when she sees the ring. I take her left hand and slide the diamond engagement ring onto her finger. "I know you don't usually wear the ring until you say yes, but I want you to wear this as a reminder that I am waiting for you. Every time you look at it on your finger, know that I'm anxiously looking forward to you coming to me so we can begin our forever together."

Tears spill down her cheeks. "I'm so pissed off at you right now that I can't see straight. I simultaneously love the f**k out of you while I hate your guts. I don't know if I want to slap your face or get naked with you."

"My vote would be for getting naked, but I don't think they'll allow that here in the airport."

"I can't believe you just did this to me."

I'm flirting with missing my flight. "I have to go, baby."

"I know."

"Think of the story we'll be able to tell our kids if you say yes."

She stands at the security point entrance and is sobbing hysterically when I pass the point where I'll no longer be able to see her. It breaks my heart. That's not at all the way I wanted my proposal to happen, but I'm not sorry about it. I know what I'm doing. One way or another, I'm going to have her as my wife.

I have two hours until I board my connecting flight to Sydney. I take my mobile from my pocket and I'm pretty sure I stare at it for ten minutes. I dread making this call and having the talk-our first post-sort-of-proposal conversation. It's only been four hours since I left Laurelyn in Nashville and I'm convinced she's ready to rip me a new one now that she's had time to think about what I did.

I wait for her to answer and realize I'm nervous-like, really f**king nervous. What if she used the last four hours to think about what an asshat I am and decided there's no way in hell she'd ever marry me? I want to hang up. I'm even considering it when I hear her voice.

"You are in so much trouble, caveman."

She called me cavemen. That's a good sign. She can't be too mad if she called me that instead of jackhole, which she uses frequently.

Should I say I'm sorry? 'Cause I'm not, and to do so would be lying. "I don't regret what I did, even if you're angry with me. The only thing I regret is sitting around waiting for the ideal moment to present itself so I could properly ask you to be my wife. That clearly didn't happen and I'm sorry. I wanted it to be a perfect moment because you've not had many of those in your life, but I messed it up like I always do."

"I really want to be naked with you right now."

That sounds promising. "I'd really like that a lot, but I'm willing to accept your answer in its place. I know I told you that I didn't want your response right now, but if it's yes, then you can go ahead and tell me."

"What? And ruin the angst you so deserve to feel? I don't think so, Mr. McLachlan. You give me a proposal like that and you should expect to wait on an answer-for a while."

Uh-oh. That part doesn't sound so good. "So you're punishing me for wanting to marry you?"

"No. I'm punishing you for that fast one you just pulled on me."

I was hoping she would be so thrilled about the whole thing that she'd sort of forget the way I did it. "This isn't much of a way to begin our union. I don't think tit-for-tat is the best strategy for making a marriage work."

"I didn't say I was marrying you."

But she will. I'll see to it. "You didn't tell me you weren't, so until you say otherwise, I'll be waiting anxiously for you to come to me."

"You know, you don't play fair."

Was she ever under the impression that I did? "I believe I recall telling you I always get my way, within reasonable means."

"You put a ring on my finger-which is absolutely stunning, by the way-and teased me with the prospect of being your wife only moments before walking away. You skimmed the surface but you didn't really even ask me to marry you. And all of this you do while I'm experiencing an emotional breakdown because you're leaving. You seriously think that's reasonable?"

"No, but I think it'll get me what I want, which is making you my wife." That's the end result I'm shooting for here. I don't really care how I achieve it.

"You didn't ask me to marry you yet, so I'm not giving you an answer until you propose properly."

She sounds agreeable, so I'm going for it. "Laurelyn, will you please marry me and be my wife?"

"No."

"No?" That wasn't the answer I was expecting.

"Asking over the phone isn't a proper proposal, and I won't answer you until you're on one knee in front of me."

Damn. I should've dropped down to my knee when I gave her that ring. "It's sort of hard to do that when I'm going to be nine thousand miles away."

"I hate it, pal, but a drunk proposal and a phone proposal are both null and void with me."

I wondered if she was ever going to bring up Vegas. "This is the first mention of my drunk proposal."

"So you do remember it?"

How could I forget that epic fail? "Hell yeah, I remember it. I could've kicked my own arse for being so careless with those precious words. You deserve so much better than me getting wasted and telling you to marry me."

"I damn sure do. Therefore, all proposals, drunk or sober, don't count. You've not asked and I've not answered."

I really don't want to go back to Australia like this. "Should I get on a plane and come back now?"

"No. Now isn't the best time to talk marriage with me, buster. I'm still pretty pissed off at you."

I just put a beautiful ring on her finger and told her how much I want her to be my wife, and she's mad at me. This can't be right. "Don't be like that, baby. Think of the thought behind the gesture. I love you and want to be with you forever. Don't let formality or your anger cause you to forget that part."

"I won't."

It's a dirty trick but I'm gonna use it anyway to soften her anger with me. "And think of those babies you long for. I'll give them to you-as many as you wish, whenever you're ready."

"Something tells me you want those babies as much as I do. Half of our conversations seem to revolve around them."

She's right. Something has happened in me and I want them too. "You think so?"

"Are you asking if I think you want them, or do I think we talk about them a lot?"

"Both."

"Then yes to both."

We've talked about kids so this isn't news to her. "I do want them, but only with you."

She makes a sound of frustration. "This makes me so damn mad that we're having this conversation now when we should've had it before you left."

She's right. I feel like such a dumb-arse for holding out for the perfect time. "I'm sorry I waited. I should've asked you the day I bought the ring. I was going to propose when I took you to Oscar's for dinner. I had the ring box in my hand, about to ask, when that reporter walked up to our table."

"I went nuts right at the moment when you were going to ask. I'm sorry."

It's fate. That wasn't the way it was supposed to happen. "It's not your fault," I reassure her.

"I need you to be patient with me."

"Baby, I've waited thirty years for you. I can wait a little longer."

Chapter Twenty-Five

I cannot believe Jack Henry did this to me.

He and I aren't ordinary. We never have been-and we never will be-so I'm not sure why I'd expect a normal proposal from him. But he's right about one thing: it'll definitely be a story to tell our kids.

Our kids. Wow. It's beyond the realms of reality to think we've gone from agreeing to a three month sex-a-thon without true identities to contemplating marriage and kids, especially when he was so hell-bent on neither. Should it concern me that he made a complete one-eighty on issues he was so firm about only a few months ago?

I know he loves me, but I'm concerned that he's changed his mind about marriage and kids for the wrong reason. I don't want him basing that on what I want instead of what he wants so he can keep me.

I need someone I can talk to about Jack Henry's proposal. There's only one person worthy of a brutally honest conversation about this, and she's gallivanting around Australia with the love of her life. I look at the clock-it's 10 p.m. her time. I'm definitely calling that slut puppy.

She answers on the third ring with a greeting that isn't all that unfamiliar. "Hello, twat."

It stops becoming a surprise when she says it every time. "Hello, crotch rot. How are things down under?"

I anticipate her reply involving something about going down or getting under Zac.

"I could do a lot with that and say that you walked right into it, but I won't."

That would be a first. "Thanks. I appreciate that."

"So, what's going on with you since the good-looking suit left? Wasn't that going down today?"

She still calls him that. "Yeah. He left about five hours ago."

"Are you okay?"

No, I'm not. It's far shittier than I'd imagined. "I'm not at all fine with being separated from him again."

"Then what's the plan?"

"Addie, he asked me to marry him." I jerk the phone back in anticipation of the scream to follow.

"What!" she yells, as expected. "Tell me everything."

"He told me that he knew I wasn't ready to give up my career, but he'd be waiting for me to come to him when I was prepared to be his wife. He put a ring on my finger. It's an engagement ring-the most beautiful one I've ever seen-and told me it was a reminder of him waiting for me. That's how he left it, but then he called me from LA and asked me over the phone."

"What are you going to do?"

I know what I want to do-drop everything and run to him. I want to beat him to Avalon and be waiting in his bed when he arrives home. "I don't know. That's why I'm calling you. I need your blunt advice."

"I only met the guy a few times and it was under false pretenses. Thank you again for that, by the way."

She isn't going to let me forget that. "I know. Sorry."

"It's difficult to give you advice about a guy I don't know, but here's what I have to go on: he's rich and successful so you'd never have to worry about how he'd take care of you. He's f**king gorgeous, so that's a definite plus. According to what you've told me, the two of you have crazy monkey sex. He gives your vajayjay a lot of special attention and makes you come a lot, so you're good there. We both know that one's a deal-breaker if the sex is terrible. He hired a private investigator to find you, so that proves he wants you bad. He must love you or he wouldn't have proposed. But do you love him enough to marry him?"

I know I do, but there are other issues at hand. "I do, but I worry he's talking about marriage and babies because I told him it's what I wanted. What if he's going along with it but it's not what he wants?"

"Laurelyn, do you really think the guy would marry you if he didn't want to? For God's sake, he had meaningless sexual relationships with women to avoid the whole commitment thing. He wouldn't decide to give that life up unless he loved you and wanted to be married to you."

I guess that makes sense. "But I'm terrified of giving up my career only to have the whole thing backfire in my face. What if I move down there and it doesn't work out?"

"What if you don't and you never know what might have been? Can you live with that?"

Could I? I don't think so. "You think I should give up my career?"

"You know I gave all of that up for Zac because I love him and wanted to be with him. Will I ever have a singing career for shit now? No. Do I care? No. We're together and I'm happy. I was willing to walk away. The only question now is, are you?"

Addison is different. She isn't afraid to fly by the seat of her pants. "You know me. I have trust issues that are damn near impossible to shake."

"You worry so much about protecting your toes that you miss out on the joy of the dance."

I've never thought of it that way. "I may, but I've never had anyone looking out for me. It's how I protect myself."

"Answer this question for me: do you really feel like you need protection from Jack?"

No one makes me feel safer than Jack Henry. No one. "No. It's the complete opposite. He's always my protector."

"I think you should marry him-if for no other reason than for me to have you back in Australia with me. I miss you."

It would be nice to have him and my best friend. "I know. I miss you too, and I do love Australia. I think I could be very happy living there. I can so easily see myself as part of Jack Henry's family. They're wonderful people and they took me in and treated me like one of their own."

"You can take some time to think about it if you feel like it's necessary, but it's plain to see that your heart already knows what it wants."

She's right. I can think about this day and night but I hear my heart's plea-and it's screaming for me to go to him, like, yesterday. On the other hand, I hear my head trying to overpower my heart. All I hear is my head saying no and my heart saying go.

My parents have invited me to dinner at my mom's place. It's official. They're no longer a thing in private. They're an item in the eyes of the world but the media is so bad that none of us can go out in public anymore.

Becoming a star isn't what I thought it would be.

My front door is clear for the first time in weeks. I guess there are only so many pictures you can take of a person leaving their apartment before that becomes uninteresting.

Dinner is intriguing-some sort of casserole. I'm not really certain what kind and I choose to not ask. My mom's never been much of a cook.

We're busy discussing the schedule for the band and the new music I'm working on when my mom spies the ring on my finger. "What is that?"

She isn't going to like this. "It's a ring."

"What kind of ring?"

She knows. She doesn't have to ask. "Engagement."

"So he asked you to marry him?"

I'm not going there with the whole in a roundabout way issue. "Yes. Jack Henry has asked me to marry him."

My mother huffs as she looks at my dad. A look passes between them and I'm not sure how to decipher its meaning, but it pisses me off. I know it means they've been discussing us. "Laurie, you can't marry him."

I'm absolutely, positively, one hundred percent not shocked by this. "And why not?"

"Because he'll have you moving to Australia. If you do, your career is over, plain and simple."

I'm beginning to care less and less about this career of mine. "Would that be so bad if I was with the man I love?"

"Are you kidding? Of course it would be bad. It would be terrible to watch you walk away from this success after such a short time. If you're this big today, think of where you'll be in a year from now."

It doesn't take a genius to figure that one out. "I already know where I'll be-on a tour bus traveling from one show to the next. I've already been doing that, Mom, and I know what it's like. It's not great." I look at my dad. "Does it ever get easier?"

He looks at my mom and they have a silent conversation as they sit across the table from one another. "It takes some getting used to, but it gets better with time." I strongly suspect he's saying that because it's what she wants him to tell me.

I should tell them the way I feel so they'll understand. "It's like this. If Jack Henry hadn't come back into my life, I'd probably be thrilled to spend every day on the road, but that isn't the way it went. He came looking for me because he loves me. And I love him. I know what my life feels like without him in it, and I hated every moment of it."

"He just left. You haven't had time to get used to him not being here, but that'll get better in time." She's grasping at straws.

"I don't want it to get better. I want to be with him."

"Baby, being with him means you don't get to have a career and you don't get to be with me or your dad. We'll never see each other. Would you walk away from singing? And from us?"

That's not how it would be. "I would come back to see you when I could and you could come to Australia to visit us. You'd love it. It's beautiful and the people are so friendly."

"No, you shouldn't count on me coming down there because I won't."

My heart plummets when I hear my mom say she wouldn't visit me. I see the look on my dad's face and I think her resolution even surprises him, but he attempts to cover for her. "I think your mom's just not excited about flying over the ocean."

"Sure." I'm certain she wouldn't hesitate to fly anywhere with him if he asked. Nothing has changed. I'm still taking a back seat to Jake Beckett like I always have. Why would I give up the man I love when it's obvious she'll always put the one she loves ahead of me?

"I gotta go."

"Baby, you want to say yes. I can see it in your eyes, but it would be a mistake to give up your career and family for this man. You can find someone else to love-someone from here. Maybe even a man in the music industry who will understand what this kind of life is like."

She's such a hypocrite. "Oh, you mean find someone else the way you did?" She gives me that look that says she doesn't like what I'm saying-and it's because it's the truth. "Wait. I got that all wrong, didn't I? You didn't find anyone else because you could never move past loving him."

My dad puts his hands up. "Maybe we should all take a step back for a minute."

His role isn't to referee. I'm still undecided about what I think his part is here, but I've been handling this woman by myself for twenty-three years and I don't need his help now. "I'm outta here."

I don't have time for this shit. I have a decision to make and not with any of her kind of help.

I leave my mom's house and end up driving around for an hour before I park my car in front of Charlie's apartment. His living room light is on, so I take it as a good sign that he's probably home.

I sit in my car for at least fifteen minutes trying to decide if I want to do this-tell him I'm leaving the band. He's going to be so disappointed in me. I feel terrible doing this to them after they took me in the way they did. He was there for me when I needed him most, and now I'm going to abandon him just as things are really taking off.

I can't keep having these kinds of thoughts. I have to start living for me at some point and to hell with what's best for everyone else. They can figure that out on their own. I'm the only person in control of my destiny.

I'm nervous as I stand on Charlie's doorstep and want to run away when he opens the door. "Hey. What are you doing here?"

"I'm sorry. I know I should've called first, but I was out driving and found myself in front of your place. Can I come in?"

"Of course." He opens the door wide for me and I walk into his living room. My eyes go for the couch immediately to check for a chick and then I remember that's probably not where she'd be if he had a girl over. "You don't have company tonight?"

"Nah. I have a friend coming over in a while, but it's just me for the next little bit." He gestures for me to sit on the couch and I can't help but think how his apartment looks so bachelor. None of Jack Henry's houses look like this-like a bunch of guys should be sitting around drinking beer, watching sports. "Did everything go okay with Jack leaving today?"

"Yes and no." Charlie looks at me and I can tell by his expression that he's waiting for an explanation. "I let him board his plane, if that's what you mean. He should be arriving in Sydney in a few hours."

"I was wondering if you'd let him go," he laughs. "So what is the part that didn't go okay?"

"He wants me to marry him." I wait a moment before I drop the next bomb, but Charlie saves me from saying the words.

"And he wants you to move to Australia."

"Yes. But I haven't given him an answer." I think he's waiting for the rest of the story. "I love him and I know what being apart from him feels like. It's terrible and I don't want to do it again."

"So this is you telling me you're leaving the band?"

I tell myself to be strong because I'm doing this for Jack Henry and me. "It is."

"Randy's gonna flip out."

Flip out is probably putting it gently. "I know. I hate doing this to you, but I can't stay when my heart isn't in it."

"I understand. And I'm not mad. I'd do the same thing if the situation were reversed. There's nothing I wouldn't do to have a love like what you have with Jack."

He doesn't seem disappointed or shocked. "Thank you for not making me feel like a asshat."

"I could never make you feel bad about loving Jack, but you may think I'm a huge ass after you hear the request I have for you."

What kind of request could make me think poorly of sweet Charlie? "I could never think that about you. You're too adorable for that."

"We'll see how you feel after I ask."

Now I'm a little frightened. "Okay..."

"Will you stay through the next tour so we don't have to cancel?"

That means I'd have to stay until the end of October. "That's over three months away."

"We don't have time to find a replacement for the tour, but we could start fresh with someone after we finish the tour and get back in the studio."

I don't want to do it. But I sort of owe them that after the way they took me in when I didn't have a chance in hell. "I can do that."

If Jack Henry knows I've decided to marry him, he'll want me to leave the band immediately. So I can't tell him yet. He won't care or understand my reasoning behind my obligation to help my band.

Besides...after what he did to me, he deserves to do a little ass-kissing.

Chapter Twenty-Six

I'm still in bed when I hear the annoying sound of my doorbell ringing over and over. Because of the time change, it was really late-or really early-when I arrived home. I'm jet-lagged and I prefer to lie in bed so the perpetrator will leave, but there's one problem with that idea: I can predict with one hundred percent accuracy who it is and I already know she won't go away.

Margaret McLachlan is here to see Laurelyn.

I disarm the security system and open the door to my mum's smiling face. No surprise there. "Mum. Couldn't you have waited until a little later? I've only been home a few hours."

"No. I couldn't wait or I would have. I'm here to see my future daughter-in-law. Where is she?"

I probably should've called and warned her ahead of time that Laurelyn wasn't coming with me, but I didn't want to be hassled or forced to explain the situation over the phone. "She didn't come back with me."

"What do you mean?"

I'm pretty sure I didn't stutter. "Exactly what I said-she stayed in the States."

"I don't understand. I thought things were going well with the two of you."

"They were-they are-but her career really took off and now she's a big country superstar. Her fans love her and her music. She's worked really hard to get where she is and she just isn't ready to leave it behind yet."

I see her disappointment. "You're telling me she chose her career over you?"

"Don't think poorly of her over this, Mum. I'm doing the same thing to her."

She looks shocked. "But I was so certain she'd give up all of that for you-especially after spending the whole month together."

"I'm confident she will in time, but Laurelyn needs a little longer so she can figure that out on her own. I won't have her hating or blaming me for a life she thinks she missed out on. She needs to experience it all so she can be certain of what she really wants."

"But what if she never wants to leave that life? Glitz and glamour can be very deceiving. You know that from experience." I do, and Laurelyn isn't going to love it for long because she's not that kind of person.

"Trust me, Mum...I know Laurelyn and what she really wants. Right now, she may think it's a dazzling career, but that life won't keep her satisfied. She wants a husband...and babies. Those are things she can't have if she's constantly traveling."

"So, you're going to sit around and wait on her and your life together until God only knows when?"

Yes. That's exactly what I'm going to do. "I don't really have much of a choice at this point, but I'm not worried. It isn't going to take long for her to get enough of that life because it's not all glitz and glamour. Traveling on a tour bus from city to city and sleeping in a different hotel every night isn't going to make her happy. I did it with her for a little while, and I got sick of it pretty fast, so I'm not concerned. She'll be here with me before the holidays. I'm certain of it."

"How can you be so sure?" I can see that she needs further convincing.

"I gave her a ring."

This returns the smile to my mum's face. "You asked her to marry you?"

"Sort of."

There goes the smile. "What did you say when you gave it to her?"

"I told her she needed time to experience everything that life could hold for her and when she felt like she'd had all she needed, I wanted her to come to me and I'd ask her to be my wife. I asked her to wear the ring as a reminder that I was waiting for her."

She looks a little more hopeful. "Was she surprised?"

"Surprised is probably a good word to describe what she was feeling-among others. I waited too long and panicked, so I did the only thing I could. I gave it to her about two minutes before I boarded my plane."

She looks disgusted with me. "Oh, Jack Henry! Why did you do it that way? That's so unromantic."

"I was waiting for the perfect moment but it never came. I just wanted it to be special-something she'd remember. But then I ran out of time." I try to defend my actions but it's in vain.

"Well, that's one she's never going to forget. Have you spoken to her since you dropped it on her like a bomb?"

Like a bomb-that's the perfect description. "I spoke with her during my stopover in Los Angeles. She was pretty pissed off but I could hear her smiling."

"You can hear Laurelyn's smile over the phone?" I don't think she believes me.

"Of course, I can. Her voice sounds different when she's smiling. It almost sounds like a giggle when she's talking." I think my mum is laughing at me. "What?"

"You. You're so in love with that girl. I can see it on your face and hear it in your voice. It makes me happy to see you this way. And I agree with you. I think she'll come soon because she loves you too."

"I hope so. I'm going to do everything I can to persuade her from afar."

One week apart and I'm surviving-but not well. Laurelyn and I talk every day. It gets me by but that's about all I can say for our conversations. She's so obscure, giving me no indication of where her head is where we're concerned.

I've thrown myself into work as a distraction, much like I did after she left in March. It's very early in the season but things are looking great at all the vineyards. My right-hand men have proven themselves worthy in my absence.

I moved from my apartment in Sydney back to Avalon because it's where I feel closest to her. I pulled one of her little tricks and stole some of her clothes so I could have her smell with me. I might have even stolen some of her knickers as well. I wonder what she'd say about that if she knew. I imagine her calling me a dirty bastard. That's what she usually does when I'm inappropriate-but she loved every filthy thing I did to her. And she will again. I hope soon.

It's time for our daily call so I text to let her know I want to video chat. I want to see and hear her. I'm waiting in my office to give her time to get set up and I take out the undies I've been keeping in the top drawer of my desk. I have a pair for here and another pair I keep in my nightstand. These are the black lace knickers. I bring them to my nose and inhale deeply. They still smell just like her.

I hope she gets her arse down here before these lose her scent or I'll be going back for more.

When I feel like she's had long enough to get ready, I contact her. When I see her beautiful face, I'm ruined all over again. I want to drop everything here and run back to her so I can throw her over my shoulder and haul her down here like the caveman she calls me.

"Hey, baby. It's so good to see you."

"I miss you."

"I miss you too. How was work today?" I ask this every time we speak so I can hopefully get some indication on what her plan is, but she's always so vague.

"Same ol' thing as always. We practiced all day in the studio to get ready for the tour."

That's the first time she's mentioned going back on the road. I shouldn't be surprised she's planning to do it since she hasn't mentioned coming here. For a moment, I'm disappointed but then I remember that traveling on that bus and sleeping in hotels is exactly what Laurelyn needs to make her realize she should be here with me.

"Will you try to get a little time off for the holidays to visit? My family really wants to see you again. Mum is having a fit for you to come back, and you might as well know that she wasn't incredibly enthused by the way I left things with you."

She's already told me she'll be busy during the holidays, but I ask again anyway-it's a good way to point out how her job with the band is going to keep us from being together at Christmas.

"Has she given you a hard time?" Such a Laurelyn reply-her way of avoiding answering my question.

"She hasn't been easy on me. I have my orders to have you here for the holidays so the whole family can be together."

She's smiling. "The whole family, huh?"

She's a part of the McLachlan clan, even if she doesn't realize it yet. "You're part of this family whether you're here or there."

"How is Emma this week?" Why does she do that-switch to a different subject just when I think I'm going to get something out of her?

"She started having contractions yesterday after we spoke, so she had to be admitted to the hospital last night to get the medicine to stop them."

She looks alarmed. "Is it serious?"

"It is, but it happens every time, so we don't get excited like we did when it happened with Celia. Her doctor wants to keep her pregnant another month, but I don't know if that's going to happen. It started a lot earlier this time. The baby would be fine if he was born now. He'd just be small and have to grow in the hospital for a while."

It's my turn to change the subject, and I'm not holding back. "We haven't talked about what kind of wedding you'd want." I think talking about these things will make her more inclined to accept sooner.

"I don't know. What kind do you want?"

Men don't care about those things. "The kind that would make me your husband. That's my only requirement. Big or small?"

"Something small. It would only be your family and friends attending." She looks sad.

"Why do you say that?"

"My mom told me she wouldn't come to Australia. I assume that would include seeing me get married."

That bitch. It's a ploy to get Laurelyn to stay so she won't leave her or her career.

I see the pain in Laurelyn's eyes and I want nothing more than to hold her. But I can't, and it's frustrating as hell. "I would marry you in the States if you want her to be there. I'll come tomorrow if you want me to and my family would drop everything to be there."

"I love you for your willingness to do anything to make me happy, but I couldn't ask that of you or your family. It wouldn't be right to have all of them come here."

That seems promising. "It sounds like you're saying yes."

"Let's call it a non-no."

It's a yes, even if she won't come out and say it. "A non-no. I can live with that for now, but it won't get you by forever."

"I know."

There is something she can do to get me by. "Would you be willing to do something for me?"

"You know I will."

She's going to think I'm a filthy bastard for sure when I ask her but I can't help it; I'm so hard up for her. It's terrible going from sex every day to nothing at all. "I really need to get off and I'd love to see you naked while I do it."

"Jack Henry!"

She thought I was kidding when I mentioned it before I left. I wasn't. "Come on, baby. Do a striptease for me. Please."

"That's why you wanted to video chat-so you could get me naked."

"No, it isn't. I wanted to see your beautiful face, but then I sniffed your knickers right before we connected and now I've got a massive hard-on I need to do something about. I could really use your assistance here, babe."

She's laughing at me. "You sniffed my panties?"

"Yeah. I stole some you'd worn because I'm so f**king addicted to the smell of your snatch." She's looking at me with what I think is disbelief because I've said those words to her. "You and I both know I'm a dirty bastard, so you don't even have to say it."

"My snatch?" she asks.

"Yeah. I love you-and your snatch is part of you-so there's not a damn thing wrong with me loving it too. And I do. Wholeheartedly." I can see that she's leaving the kitchen table. "What are you doing?"

"Well, I can't very well strip naked in my kitchen. And I need jams. You know I have to have sexy-time music if I'm going to get naked for you."

Oh, f**k yes! "Whoa, wait a minute. I'm in my office and I need to lock the door because I will fire anyone who walks in here while we're getting busy."

"You do know we won't actually be getting busy, right?"

"Baby, I have an imagination and I'm gonna use it," I call out as I get up and walk over to lock the door. I turn the knob and pull on it for reassurance. This is not an occasion when Mrs. Porcelli needs to come in and quiz me about what I want to eat.

I'm back at my desk with one raging hard-on and she hasn't taken off a stitch of clothing yet. "I'm ready when you are."

I hear a slow, seductive song begin to play in the background, but I don't see her. A moment later she reappears and begins to slowly sway to the music as she sheds her shirt over her head. She tosses it somewhere in the room and I recognize the white lace bra she's wearing. I know the matching knickers-string bikinis with the tiniest scrap of material to cover her.

She reaches around to unfasten her bra-something I always do for her-and she lets it drop to the floor. Her tits are so damn beautiful. I haven't seen or touched them in a week and it's killing me. "Touch 'em for me."

She takes her hands and grasps them from the bottom and sides to push them together. Her teeth graze her bottom lip as she uses her thumb and index finger to roll her ni**les. "You like that, don't 'cha?"

"Indeed I do, but I like it so much better when it's me doing it."

This brings a grin to her face. "Me too." She moves her hands slowly down her stomach until she reaches the button on her jeans and pops it open. "Oops. Look what happened there." She slides her zipper down and begins to shimmy out of her pants and undies. "Tsk. Tsk. I hate when my clothes fall off like that."

Mmm. She's so f**king hot standing there naked for my eyes only. I can't help myself. I have to get some relief so I unzip and start doing what Laurelyn would do for me if she were here. "Touch yourself and pretend it's me."

"You're ordering up some extra dirty with a side of kink today," she says as she walks backward to sit on the bed. She slides back and spreads her legs so I have a perfectly clear view when she touches herself. "You want to see me touch this?"

"Oh, yeah. That's it." I watch her rubbing herself and I remember exactly what it felt like when my fingers did exactly what hers are doing now. "This has to be the sweetest torment I've ever endured." I start wanking off faster because I just need it to be over. I never thought I'd feel that way, but I'm in misery.

"I know that face," she teases. "I think my boy is about to come."

"I damn sure hope so because I'm about to f**king...die...here." It's only a moment later that I come hard and fast, just the way I need to. I lean my head back against my office chair and enjoy my release. It's not what I get when I'm with Laurelyn, but it's the next best thing. I'll take what I can get at this point.

"The boy has rounded third and...yes! We have a home run, ladies and gentlemen."

I laugh because I don't know another woman who would coach her boy on like that. And I definitely don't know who would get naked and touch themselves so someone else could get off. "Thank you, babe. You don't know how much I needed that."

"I bet I do. I may or may not be putting the Bullet to a lot of use these days."

I don't know how I feel about that. "The Bullet's fine, but don't use the other one. I don't want anything inside you but me."

"You're being silly. A vibrator could never replace you."

I hope not but I don't want to take any chances. "It won't if you don't use it. I hear that women can become desensitized to normal sexual touch when they use those things too much. They can't orgasm with a man, and I don't want that to happen because I plan on being the one to make you come. A lot."

"I want you to make me come so you shouldn't worry. I'm not a fan of anything being inside me except you."

"Perfect. That's exactly what I want to hear."

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Six weeks down. Six weeks to go. And it sucks. Major.

Life on the road isn't at all what I thought it would be. I wasn't naive. I knew traveling all the time would be brutal, but I imagined the love of the fans would make up for all the negatives. Don't get me wrong; they're great, but home isn't a rolling tour bus or a different hotel each night. This life doesn't cut it for me.

Maybe I wouldn't feel this way if I didn't know the love of my life was waiting for me to come to him. But I do know, and it's making me miserable. It's getting worse every day and I feel like I could be falling into some kind of depression.

We talk every day without fail-and sometimes have a little naughty time via video chat-but it doesn't make being apart easier. I'm terrified he's going to grow tired of what we're doing and decide he doesn't want to continue with our long-distance relationship because he needs something tangible and I can't be that from so far away. He seems okay with the way things are-for now. I know that won't last forever, but I don't need it to last for much longer.

I only need six more weeks-forty-two more days-and we can be together forever.

Seven weeks down. Five weeks to go. And it still sucks.

Five shows a week, a different city every night. I'm exhausted and I hate what I'm doing, but it's a commitment I agreed to fulfill. I want to be a rat and walk out on the band, but I won't because that's not who I am. I love these guys and I want to see them succeed. If I walk out now without a replacement, it could ruin them. I won't do that as long as Jack Henry agrees to wait for me. If he says he's done before I can make it to him, then I'm done here. I won't sacrifice us or our love for Southern Ophelia or anything else.

Eight weeks down. Four weeks to go. Still sucking.

I'm worried about Jack Henry and me. He didn't call last night. When I finally reached him this morning, he said there was a problem at Chalice and he had to leave immediately. But he could've called during the drive there.

It's Audrey. She continues to make herself present in his life and that's a problem for me because I'm not there to know what's happening. He allowed her to be the reason we didn't talk, and I'm uneasy about that.

I hate this.

Nine weeks down. Three weeks to go. And it's worse this week.

I missed Jack Henry's call last night. I was so exhausted that I fell asleep waiting for his call and didn't wake when he tried to reach me. His words were cold this morning when we finally talked. He asked me what I was doing last night, as if he suspected I might be up to no good.

This isn't working, and I'm beginning to fear what our future holds if I don't go to him soon.

Ten weeks down. Two weeks to go. And today is the worst yet.

Fourteen days. I can hang in there because I know there's light at the end of the tunnel, but Jack Henry doesn't. I can tell he's getting close to being at the end of his rope. I want to walk away from this now, but I remind myself that I can do that soon enough all while keeping my word.

I can do this. I just have to keep telling myself that over and over.

Eleven weeks down. One week to go. I'm going to make it now and we're going to be fine.

I can't wait to talk to Jack Henry tonight. He doesn't know it, but I'll be back in his arms in seven days. I can't wait to see his face when he realizes I'm home. For good.

I just finished a show but thinking about being with him in a week gets me turned on, so I think it'll be a video chat night instead of a phone call. I send him a text to let him know I'll be contacting him in ten minutes and he better be ready for me.

When we make a connection, I see he's in his office-the place that's become our sexual playroom since it's usually morning for him when we talk. "I hope you have the door locked because I'm feeling particularly naughty."

"Baby, I need to talk to you about something serious."

Shit! I don't like the sound of that. "What's wrong?" Something has happened. I don't know what it is but my mind spins with thoughts of him finding another woman or telling me we're over because he can't do this anymore. "You're scaring me."

"Something happened last night."

"What?" Please don't let him tell me he tripped and fell into bed with someone else. My heart is racing in my throat and I suddenly feel nauseated. I'm terrified of the path this conversation is heading.

"Audrey was in the house again."

Oh, hell to the no. "You are kidding me!"

"I wish I were. I came home from work yesterday evening and had dinner alone like I always do. I had a couple of coldies while I watched TV and went to take a shower before bed."

There's a reason he's starting the story from that point. "I'm not going to like where this is going, am I?"

"You damn sure won't." He pauses briefly before adding, "She got into the shower with me."

My pulse is pounding so hard, I feel it throbbing throughout my entire body but especially in my face. "That bitch! I'm gonna kill her." And then my mind really starts jumping to conclusions, like how hard it would be for him to turn down a naked woman in the shower when he's so hard up after almost three months without sex. "Did you f**k her?"

"Hell, no! I can't believe you just asked me that."

I see from his expression that I've hurt him. "I'm sorry. I was just thinking of how long it's been since we were together, and I know you must be incredibly frustrated."

"I don't care how long it's been. My balls will never be blue enough to want a piece of that."

"What did you say to her?"

"That I'd never be with her again because I loved you and we were going to get married. I know you haven't given me an answer, but my heart tells me you're going to come and I'm marrying you when you do."

He hasn't given up on us. Or me. But I don't have a choice anymore. It's time for me to get my ass down there and be with my man before I let him slip away. Eleven weeks down. One week to go. But I'm done with this shit! Adios!

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Laurelyn's tour comes to an end next week and I hope it marks the beginning of a new start for our future together. She has continued to be mysterious about her plans and hasn't verbally committed to anything one way or another. It concerns me, but I haven't wanted to push the envelope for fear of blowing it with her.

Originally, she was scheduled two weeks off once the tour ended and then she'd be back in the studio to begin working on the next album, but things have changed since then. I gave her a ring and told her I wanted to marry her.

It's been three months, and although it is per my request, she hasn't given me an official answer. Not knowing is beginning to wear on me. I pretend to be patient, but I'm not. I want her here and every day is a battle to not demand she come immediately so we can begin our forever.

Frankly, it's a little depressing that she didn't drop her entire life the moment I put that ring on her finger. In the back of my mind, I'd hoped she would, but then I remember that her strong will and independence are some of the things I love so much about her. I like that she has a life and it doesn't solely revolve around me. But then the selfish part of me despises it at the same time.

It's been a long day and I'm exhausted when I come home for the evening. It's a little late for Mrs. Porcelli to still be here, but I find her in the kitchen. "Perfect timing, Mr. McLachlan. I was just taking dinner out of the oven."

It's a familiar smell but one I don't usually associate with Mrs. Porcelli's cooking. It smells just like my girl's lasagna. "That smells just like Laurelyn's been in here cooking."

"It should. It's her lasagna."

I've missed her cooking a lot, so this is a nice token to remind me of what a good cook she is. "Thank you. I'm sure it'll be delicious."

Mrs. Porcelli gathers her things and is on her way out the door. "A package came for you today. I put it in your bedroom."

I haven't placed any kind of order that I can recall and I'm not expecting a parcel. "What kind of package is it?"

She grins as she says, "I believe it's something from Laurelyn. Have a good evening, sir." She goes out the door before I can respond.

Like a child at Christmas, I can't get to my bedroom quick enough to see what Laurelyn might've sent me. My mind reels with all kinds of expectations as I walk-or maybe dash-down the hallway.

The door to my bedroom is closed but I don't have time to sort out why because I'm anxiously swinging it open with the expectation of seeing a box on my bed. What I find lying there tops any possible expectations I could've had.

It's my beautiful Laurelyn.

She's lying on her side facing me when I enter my bedroom. Her head is propped in her hand, her elbow pressing into the mattress, her long legs slightly bent, one more so than the other. Her brunette locks hang in loose curls and she's wearing one of my button-downs-unbuttoned. It's opened just enough for me to see that she's naked beneath and I'm instantly hard.

My brain turns to complete and utter mush because all of my blood is pumping straight to the organ my body thinks is most vital at the moment-my cock-and I go stupid. I can't say anything. All I can do is stare at her stretched across my bed.

"Hello, Jack Henry," she says while she smirks and moves to sit up on the bed. "Surprised much?"

There's a disconnect between my brain and mouth but luckily, the connection to my feet is working. I close the distance between us and she rises to her knees to meet me in the middle of the bed.

My heart pounds as I take her face in my hands and hold it as I kiss her mouth. It feels new even after having done it so many times. I'm vigorous because I don't have a choice. I haven't tasted her in months and I'm in withdrawals.

I'm still holding her face when I stop kissing her and press my forehead to hers. "I've missed you so much. There hasn't been a single minute when you weren't on my mind."

"I know. I've missed you too. I wanted to come months ago, but I couldn't leave Charlie and the guys hanging after they were so good to me."

I don't know what that means, but I'm not beating around the bush. "Is this just a visit or have you come to me so we can start our lives together?"

"This is the beginning of our forever."

"Then there's something I'm supposed to do."

I take her hands and pull her with me as I slide off the bed. She's standing in front of me as I drop to my knee the way she told me she would expect me to do when I properly asked her to marry me. I take her left hand and she's wearing the ring I gave her months ago. I bring it to my lips and kiss it. "I love you with every fiber of my being." She beams and I'm certain she knows what's coming next. "I never want to be separated from you again. It's my heart's only desire that you become my wife and the mother of my children. Will you marry me?"

"Yes." It's one word. Simple. And it's all I need.

I push the shirt covering her stomach away and press my face against her bareness beneath it. "I swear I'll make you happy."

"I don't doubt that for a second," she says as she runs her hand through my hair. "I don't want to wait. I want to be your wife as soon as possible."

I kiss her stomach and then look up at her from where I am now on both of my knees. "God, I'm so glad to hear you say that. I don't want to wait, either." She's still running her fingers through my hair as she smiles down at me and I slide my hands around to her bottom. "There's something else I can't wait to do."

"What 'cha wanna bet it's the same something I have on my mind?"

"I don't think we have to do any kind of betting." She reaches for my hands on her bum and uses them to pull me up from the floor. "We both know I'm always your sure thing-any way you want me."

She pulls the button of my jeans free and quickly gets my fly open so she can slide her hand inside. She wraps it around me and begins sliding it up and down. "I've missed this too."

It's been too long since I was inside her and I feel like I'll come just from her touch on my cock. "Whoa, baby. I'm gonna come in your hand if you keep doing that."

"And you'd rather do it inside me, wouldn't you?"

"Abso-fucking-lutely."

She turns around and peels the shoulders of the shirt back and lets it fall to her feet. She steps back and her bottom meets my crotch. She rubs it against me as she says, "I know how you want to do this."

I'm about to explode but I don't want the first time of our forever to be like that. I want to make love to her and see her face while I do it. "Not this time," I say as I grasp her hips and turn her around. "I want to see my wife-to-be's face when I make love to her."

"If I were wearing panties, that would've melted them right off." She sits on the bed and scoots back before putting her feet on the railing and spreading her knees wide. "Come here and make me scream until everyone on this side of town knows your name."

"I can do that." I lift her feet and hook her legs over my shoulders. I grasp her hips and lift them until she's in the perfect position. I take a moment to smell before I taste. "There's no telling how many times I've sniffed your undies while we've been apart, but nothing can replace this." I bury my nose against her and inhale until my lungs feel like they'll explode. "There is no substitute for this."

I can stand it no longer. I'm a starving man dying to taste her. When I do, it's even better than I remember. Within seconds she's squirming her hips against my mouth and moaning. "There is no replacement for that, either."

She isn't going to last long at this rate, but it makes me happy to know that I can still make her orgasm so easily. "Do you want me to slow down to make it last longer?"

She grabs the back of my head and pulls my mouth back down against her. "No! Don't you even think about stopping or slowing down. I'm right on the edge and fairly certain I'll die if you don't let me come soon."

I reach up and give her the okay signal to signify my compliance because I'm afraid to try to tell her. As I suspect, it's maybe fifteen seconds later when she begins to tense and quiver. I hear her breathing increase as she moans, and I'm pretty certain when she pulls my hair that the east side of town hears her scream my name.

I don't dare stop until I feel her relax against me. That's when I know she's feeling the euphoria, but I can't help myself. I'm like a beast as I move fast so I can get inside her. I wanted to make love to her but I can't because it's been too long. It'll have to wait until next time, but I'm not worried because I already know that won't be long.

She's slick so I slide inside easily. I'm moving in and out of her fast-probably too fast-but I can't help myself. It's like my dick is trying to make up for lost time.

I feel her hand patting me on my arm. "Jack Henry. Stop. I have to tell you something."

Stop? Is she f**king kidding me? I am like a fast-moving train without brakes. "What is it?" I ask as I continue moving inside her.

"I didn't want to run into a problem finding a doctor down here to remove my IUD, so I had it taken out before I left."

"Okay," I reply, unconcerned because I'm not certain what she's talking about and I can't bring myself to care at the moment.

She pecks me on the arm again. "That means we're having unprotected sex right now."

"Are you telling me I gotta stop?" I think the prospect of her saying yes has me moving even faster.

"No, but I'm not on birth control. I was going to tell you I had condoms for us to use, but you moved so fast, I didn't get to tell you before you were inside me."

"I don't think I can stop. I mean, I guess I could if I had to but...fuck...I don't want to." I'm so close to coming and my dick isn't the least bit concerned with consequences for his actions. My head is battling my penis for dominance but right now, the one getting the action is sitting in the driver's seat and isn't prepared to move over. "Baby, I'll quit if you want me to, but you better decide fast because I'm close to blasting my swimmers into your cockpit."

"First it was a snatch and now it's a cockpit?"

"You better tell me what I need to do," I grit through my teeth. I'm trying to hold back but it's damn near impossible after going so long without having her. "I'm about to blow my load."

"Pull out and come on my stomach." Her words aren't spoken a second too early because as soon as I withdraw, I immediately explode all over her. "Oh, Laurelyn...that was so...fucking...good."

When I finish, I collapse to the side of her and lie on my back, looking at the ceiling. Now, I'm the one with the postcoital euphoria. I catch my breath after a moment and reach for her hand to bring it up for a kiss. "I love you, baby. I've missed you so much and I can't tell you how happy I am to have you back here."

She rolls from her back to her side and hitches her leg over me. "I know. I feel the same. It's good to be home."

"I love hearing you say that." I reach for her face and pull her close for a kiss. "Now, let's start over with this birth control conversation. I'm not sure I understood a word you said."

"Did you hear the part about me not being on any?"

I didn't at first but I guess it sunk in after a minute. "Sort of."

"I wanted the IUD removed before I left because I wasn't sure if I'd have a problem finding a doctor here to take it out."

I don't know anything about that stuff. "We have properly trained medical doctors here. We're not barbarians."

"I know that, but we never discussed how long it would be before we wanted to start a family. I don't really know if it takes a while to conceive after an IUD is removed and I didn't want it to cause any problems when we're ready, so it seemed like the smart thing to do. I'm sorry. I was going to talk to you about it, but things moved so fast. While you were proposing didn't seem like the right time to bring it up, and then your mouth was between my legs and I definitely wasn't interrupting that to talk about it. You just moved so fast. You went from having your mouth on me one second to being inside me the next."

"Baby, it's okay. If it happened, then we'll just have a baby. We're getting married soon anyway. Don't worry about it."

"You're not mad?"

"No. I've told you how I feel about us having a baby. I'd be happy if it happened just now. If it didn't, then that's just more time to practice until we decide to try."

"I think we're okay because I'm supposed to start my period in a few days. I'd be happy too if it happened, but I'd prefer to be married for a little while first, if given the choice."

"Agreed." I roll her to her back and hold her arms above her head as I straddle her legs. "Because I want to do all kinds of explicit things to you before we have a baby, Mrs. McLachlan." I lower my mouth to her breast and take her nipple in my mouth. I roll my tongue around it until it hardens. "You know a baby would be disturbing us every few hours wanting to do this."

"You love the thought of that, don't you?"

I do, despite what Evan told me about it. "What makes you say that?"

"This isn't the first time you've brought up nursing."

What? "I don't remember ever talking about that."

"I wouldn't expect you to because you were drunk as shit-although you somehow remember the drunken proposal."

"So, I proposed while I was drunk in Vegas and talked about having kids-that you would breastfeed?" That's weird. I must've been drunker than I thought.

"Yeah, you told me you couldn't wait to see me nurse our babies." I'm sure she'll be adding this to my list of weirdo behaviors.

"I don't remember saying that, but it's true. You've triggered something in me I thought I'd never feel or desire. All I can think about is making you mine and starting a family."

"That's because you're a caveman," she laughs. "You have a desire to procreate, and I'm agreeable, but you need to marry me first."

No argument here. "Just tell me when and where and I'll be there. Mum will be ecstatic to help you plan everything. She, Chloe, and Emma will probably plan the whole thing if you'll let them."

"None of my family will come, so I don't need a big wedding, unless it's what you want."

It makes me sad every time she mentions that her family won't come. "I just want you. I don't need anything else, but why don't we go to Sydney so you can start making plans since we don't want to wait long? Does Thursday sound okay? We'll make a long weekend of it."

"Yeah. That sounds good. I can't wait to see everyone."

"Would you mind terribly if I don't tell my family you're here? I'd like to surprise them. If Mum knows you're with me, she'll be on her way here within the hour, and I'd like to have you to myself for a little while before the vultures descend."

"I'm perfectly fine with a little alone time."

I roll her to her back. "Can I practice being your husband?"

"I'd be mighty disappointed if you didn't. Practice makes perfect, you know?"

Chapter Twenty-Nine

I've been in Australia for three days and Jack Henry has practiced being my husband until my stuff is tired-it's just completely worn out. I didn't think it could be done, but I was wrong. I guess that's what happens when you try to make up for three months in a seventy-two-hour time frame.

I think I'm grateful for the five-hour drive so I can have a break from our almost nonstop sex. He won't admit it, but I think Jack Henry may have had enough for a while too.

We go to his apartment before driving out to his parents'. The place seems so foreign to me. We didn't spend time here before because Margaret insisted we stay at her house. Just like at Avalon, right away I notice the pictures of us-and me. They're everywhere. I pick one up adorned by a heavy silver frame. In it, I look like I'm daydreaming about something, completely unaware that my picture is being taken. I have no recollection of when he took it or where we were because it's a close-up and I can't make out any part of the fuzzy background.

"Is this from when I was in Australia before or when you were in the States with me?"

"It's from when you were here. I have lots of pictures like that."

I know he's right when I take notice of the honey highlights in my hair. I don't have those anymore, but I think I need them back. I look brighter and more cheerful with them. "You mean pictures where I'm staring off into space looking like a goofball?"

"No. I mean pictures when you're natural and candid because you didn't know I was taking them. I like those best-it's how you look most of the time."

It's weird to think of him taking my picture when I don't know it. "I was already convinced but now you're a confirmed freak: ass-biter. Sweaty-back licker. Obsessed giver from behind. Sneaky photographer. What other kind of rabbits are you hiding in that hat of yours?"

"That's a long list. You make me sound like I need therapy or something."

"It's highly possible," I laugh.

"The only reason I'd need therapy would be if I didn't have you in my life. I admit I may have bordered on the need while we were apart." I completely get that.

He pulls me to him and kisses the top of my head. It's a gesture of the pure way I know he loves me-nothing sexual about it-and there's never a time when I feel more cherished than when he does this simple act. "I love you."

He squeezes me and plants another kiss on the crown of my head. "I love you, babe-more than anyone or anything else in this world."

I adore this man and I don't doubt his love. Trust doesn't come easy, but I believe him when he says he will never hurt me. My ability to feel safe enough to give myself entirely is a true miracle within itself. He has changed me-just as I have changed him. These moments mark a new beginning for us-one we will begin as husband and wife.

Jack Henry parks in front of his parents' house, and I'm anxious. I don't know why but my heart is pounding a million beats a minute. "Why am I nervous?"

"I don't know, but I am too. It feels weird, doesn't it?"

"Totally."

He looks at the cars in the driveway. "Everyone's here. Are you ready to make your surprise appearance?"

I shrug. "I guess I'm as ready as I'll ever be."

He leans over and cradles my face with his hands before kissing me. It's so soft and sweet that I feel like I'd float away if he weren't holding on to me. "Don't worry. They love you and they're going to be thrilled for us."

"I know. I'm not worried. I think excited is a better word."

"I agree. Come on. Let's go make Margaret McLachlan's life complete."

Jack Henry knocks on the door but doesn't wait for anyone to answer before he opens it. He ushers me in first and we stand in the foyer. "Mum? Dad?"

"In the living room," I hear Henry call out.

He squeezes my hand. "Let's do this thing."

The scene in the living room is a surreal vision for what life with this family will be like. Henry is sitting in his recliner. Evan is in the floor with the girls and the new baby, Aidan. The women are absent and I assume they're in the kitchen finishing up dinner. Celia squeals with delight when she sees me, "Law-re-ren!" I love the way she says my name and I'm so happy she remembers me.

She races across the floor and I bend down to catch her in my arms. "Hey, girlie girl. Look at you and how much you've grown."

"Where you been?" she asks as only a child can.

"I had to go to my house for a little while, but I'm back and I'll be here from now on."

She claps her hands and screams, "Yay!"

Mila toddles over to get in on a little of the action and I know Jack Henry is having a fit to get me into the kitchen, but I can't resist picking her up for just a minute. "And look at you. You've grown so much and you're walking now." She stares at my face and touches it with her sticky hand. I know she doesn't remember me but it looks like we'll be fast friends again.

"Baby," she says as she points to Aidan on the blanket in the floor and wiggles to get down.

"I see your new baby brother," I tell her as I put her back on the floor.

Evan gets up with Aidan and comes over to hug me and I get my first good look at the baby. He has a headful of dark curls and I can easily see that his eyes are a blue-gray color like Evan's, instead of Emma's brown. "I see we have another handsome McLachlan man."

Evan holds him out for me. "We do. He's ten weeks old." I take him in my arms and he smells so good-that sweet little fragrance that only a baby has.

Henry is up from his chair and hugging me as I hold Aidan. "We had no idea you were back."

He hugs Jack Henry next. "I know, Dad. We wanted her return to be a surprise for Mum."

"It certainly will be and probably couldn't have come at a better time. She's close to giving up on you, missy."

I feel like I need to explain my absence. "I had some things to take care of before I could free myself to come back, but it's all cleared up now."

"Whatever it was doesn't matter now. Please don't waste another second in here with us. I want Margaret to see you. She's going to be thrilled."

I pass Aidan back to Evan and we walk to the kitchen with Henry ahead of us. "Margaret, Jack is here and I hope you prepared enough for an extra guest. He brought company."

She's standing in front of the sink washing her hands. She reaches for a dishtowel. "Henry, I always cook more than we need. Of course, I..." She trails off when she sees me. "Laurelyn!" she says and drops the towel and hurries over to me. She puts her arms around me and squeezes tightly as she plants a kiss on my cheek. "You're here. Finally. I'd almost decided you weren't going to come."

"It took a little longer than I liked, but I made it."

She releases me so she can see my face. "Is this a visit?"

"No. I'm here to stay." It feels good to say the words.

"So, it's official now? He finally asked you the way he should have months ago and you're engaged to be married?" She takes my left hand and brings it up for a look. She reaches for her glasses on top of her head and pushes them to her nose. "A cushion-cut diamond with a pave halo in platinum. My boy did good."

"Your boy did excellent. His taste is impeccable." I'm very glad he showed some restraint when choosing my ring. We all know he could've bought a diamond the size of my head, but he knew that wouldn't be me. "His choice is perfect and couldn't suit me better if I'd chosen it myself."

Emma and Chloe hug me and look at my ring while Margaret quizzes me. "Have you picked a date?"

"Not yet, but we're keeping it small and want to do it soon, so we were hoping we could depend on all of you to help plan it." I see the sheer joy on her face.

"Of course, we'll help. How soon is soon?"

We look at one another and shrug because we've not gotten that far. I think he has an idea in his head but is afraid to say it, so I speak up. "I know six weeks would be pushing it, but maybe it could be accomplished since it'll be small."

He frowns at me. "That's five weeks longer than I was planning."

Chloe punches him in the arm. "I don't think we can put a wedding together in a week unless it's at the courthouse, dummy."

"I'm okay with that."

Margaret puts up her hands. "Well, I'm not and I'm guessing Laurelyn isn't, either."

"Laurelyn, you have to let me help organize the catering," Chloe offers. "I have all kinds of new and innovative ideas for us to try."

"Absolutely, Chloe. I wouldn't dream of attempting it without your help." And it's the truth. I have no idea where I'd begin.

"Would you mind if I organize a dinner for next weekend?" Margaret interjects. "Just a few friends and family to celebrate?"

Jack Henry doesn't let me answer. "We should've done it in Vegas while we were there."

His mom whirls around on him. "I would've killed you if you had. I want to see my son get married."

"I know, Mum." He's laughing as he elbows her. I love their relationship-it's not like anything I've ever seen before. "I was kidding. And the dinner is fine with me if it's all right with Laurelyn."

I have no objection. "Of course that's fine. I need to start meeting your friends and family."

"Can we take you dress shopping tomorrow?" Emma asks. "You can't really plan anything until you have that because everything revolves around its style."

I'm certain dress choices in Wagga Wagga will be limited, and shopping in Sydney sounds like fun. "Sure. I'd love that." I always thought wedding dress shopping would be something I'd do with my mom, but quite honestly, I think I'd be more disappointed if my future mother-in-law didn't come to help me make my decision. "Will you come with us, Margaret? I'd really love for you to help me choose."

"Absolutely. I wouldn't miss it for anything."

Jack Henry is driving us home when he reaches for my hand and gives it a squeeze. I love when he does that. "You're very quiet. Everything okay with you or should I be worried?"

"No worries. I was just thinking about the wedding. How would you feel about having it at Avalon? I think the vineyard would be beautiful and the wine cave would be perfect for the reception with the long banquet tables." He grins, and I suspect he's remembering what he did to me on one of those.

"I think you can have anything you desire. If you want to get married at Avalon, I'll make sure it happens." Will he always be this way? Giving in to my every whim?

"I think it's very fitting to be married there because it's the place so many firsts happened for us. It's where we came to know one another. And where we fell in love." Quite honestly, I can't think of anywhere else I'd want to be married.

"And we don't have to worry about booking it, so that means we can make this happen sooner."

As much as I'd like to, I hope he's not thinking we could do it in a week. "Not five weeks sooner like you suggested."

"Maybe not. What about having it a month from Saturday?"

"The second weekend in December?" I take out my phone and look at the date. "The fourteenth?"

"Why not? If we waited six weeks, that falls a few days after Christmas. I can't imagine that being a good time for anyone." He's right.

"Six weeks is pushing it, and four will be even tougher. But planning a wedding a few days after Christmas would be a nightmare. I can handle the fourteenth." I always wanted a summer wedding anyway. Looks like I'll get one in December.

"And it'll be our anniversary-a whole year since I met you."

I didn't even think about that. "Amazing. I can't believe it's been a year."

"That's because we've spent most of it apart."

So true. "Well, that's never happening again. I don't ever want to be away from you. I'm already contemplating never letting you leave to go to the other vineyards without me. I'll probably go with you every time and you'll be sick of me."

"I could never be sick of you, but I have been thinking about how we'd handle me going out of town for so long." He takes his eyes from the road for only a second and glances at me before he looks back. "I've especially thought about how to handle it after we have kids. I know we have plenty of time before we have to worry about that, but I've been thinking about selling some of the vineyards. I have too many anyway. And I want to spend time with you. All of this money means nothing if I can't be with you and our little ones when they get here."

Sometimes I can't believe how lucky I am to have him. He says I'm his dream come true, but it's the other way around. "You're absolutely amazing. I'd rip your clothes off and do dirty things to you if you weren't driving."

"This car has pull-over capability," he laughs, but something inside tells me he isn't kidding.

"That'll only prolong us getting home."

"We're in no hurry." He releases my hand and slides his up my skirt between my legs until he's rubbing my panties over my most sensitive spot, and I let him. "Hmm...I thought you said this was hands-off tonight-something about me wearing out my welcome." His fingers feel exquisite and I'm certain he can feel the moisture collecting on my underwear. "I think someone might be changing her mind according to how wet she's getting."

"Maybe." I don't know where we are or how much longer it'll be until we're at the apartment, but unless he's parking in the garage, it's too damn far away to suit me. "Are we almost home?"

"No. Do I need to pull over?" He wags his eyebrows at me.

Is he completely nuts? "You can't pull over on the side of the road for sex."

"Says who?"

"I don't know who actually says it, but I'm pretty sure it's frowned upon."

He uses his finger to push the crotch of my panties to the side. He slides his fingers up and down through the slick moisture pooling there. "Somebody is turned on! Do you want me to pull over yet?"

I put my hands on the seat and push myself up. When I lift my bottom, he grasps the crotch of my panties and pulls them down. "I'm taking that as a yes."

We're on what I consider a rural road. There's little to no traffic so I'm not worried about being seen or disturbed. That's a good thing because in the blink of an eye, he pulls to the side of the road and slams the car into park. He opens his door and races around to my side-not what I expected at all. What is he doing?

He opens my door and I'm a little dumbfounded because I don't know what's on his mind. He pulls my panties down my legs and over my shoes. "Out. Now."

"What are you...," I say before trailing off when he touches his finger to my lips.

"Shh...no talking."

He grabs my hands and helps me out before leading me to the back of the car. He puts his hands around my waist and hoists me up onto the trunk. He slips my sandals off and places my feet on the bumper before he pushes my knees apart. "I want to f**k on the bonnet, but it might be a little warm for that bum of yours." He pops his button and unzips. "So I'm gonna f**k you on the boot and save the bonnet for another time." Will I ever get used to these Aussie phrases?

Good thing he's tall and this car is low or this wouldn't work out at all.

"You still think we're good since you're supposed to start soon?"

"Yeah, we should be." I feel him at my entrance one moment and then inside me the next. I put my hands on the trunk and scoot my bottom closer to him while I lean back so he can go in deeper. He wraps his hands around my hips and holds me firm as he slams into me over and over.

"I'd hate to know we conceived a baby on the trunk of the Sunset."

"That's what's on your mind right now? Let me give you something else to think about." He moves his hand from my hip to between my legs and begins to rub his thumb just above our union. "What are you thinking about now?"

My mind quickly shifts to other thoughts. "How good that feels and how you always make sure I get mine too."

"I always want to make you feel good."

He's circling my clit slowly with the perfect amount of pressure and the tingling waves of pleasure grow in my pelvis. "I can feel it starting." My legs are trembling and I lie back against the car as he does his thing. "I'm right there."

"Me too, babe."

And then I squeeze my eyes shut as my body does its own magical thing. I have no control over it and it's sensational when I feel those rhythmic contractions deep inside. "I'm coming."

As if my words trigger him, I know the moment he joins me and his body synchronizes with mine. "I love you, L."

L.? That's a new one but I like it. "You sort of have to love a girl who would let you do this to her on the side of the road."

"I'd still love you if you didn't, but I admit your ability to match me in the kink department is the icing on my cake." He pulls out and then slips my sandals back onto my feet before helping me down from the trunk. When we walk to the passenger side of the car, he takes my panties from where he tossed them on the seat and holds them out for me to step into. "Do you remember the first time I did this?"

"How could I forget? You had just spread me out on a banquet table and had your own little buffet."

He pats my bottom when he finishes as he always does. "That was a very good day."

It was the beginning of us-not at all a traditional start-and what an unexpected surprise it has been to fall in love with this man. He will forever be my heart, my love, my life.

How lucky am I?

Chapter Thirty

Laurelyn is wedding dress shopping with Mum, Emma, and Chloe, so I have the day to myself-or so I thought. Evan blames me for getting stuck taking care of the kids all day while Em is shopping for my wedding and insists I come over to help him. Little prick.

Yeah, I guess I am the reason behind it, but they're his kids, not mine. I don't mind hanging out with them, though. It might be good practice and I'm sure it's better to experiment on someone else's kids before ruining your own.

I walk into Evan's and Aidan is throwing one hell of a fit. "Bro, what did you do to your kid to make him scream like that?"

He gives me that look that says he'd kill me if he could. "You did this."

Oh, hell no, I didn't. "What did I do to make him scream like that? All I did was walk through the door."

"He's mad as hell because he wants Em's tits. He doesn't want to take a bottle."

He's a McLachlan-enough said. "I don't blame him."

"Shut up. I can't wait until this shit happens to you. Won't be quite so funny then, buddy."

"Sorry. Anything I can do to help?"

He holds a screaming Aidan out for me. "Take him and see if you can do anything with him while I get the girls some lunch. And me too. I'm starving."

I take my screaming nephew from Evan and I have no idea what to do with him, so I sit in the recliner and begin to rock. I try his bottle again and Evan is right. He does not want an impostor. "Little man, you're gonna get really hungry if you don't wise up and take this bottle. I'm betting your buffet won't be back until late."

I continue trying his bottle and he eventually gives in, but I'm pretty sure he's pissed off about it. "I get it, Aidan. You like the real thing. We all do, but you gotta cut your mum some slack."

He finishes off the whole bottle and is asleep before I can burp him, but I prop him over my shoulder and pat his back anyway. Doesn't bother him-he's out cold and never budges.

Evan's both pleased and shocked when he returns from feeding Celia and Mila. "How the hell did you do that?"

I didn't really do anything. He caved. "He wasn't the least bit happy about it, but he's a man. His stomach eventually won out over his anger issues."

"Thank God. I didn't want to listen to that all day. I was ready to send him home with you." Evan plops on the couch across from me. Mila crawls onto his lap. "Is it nappy time for you now, little girl?"

She begins to twirl a lock of hair around her finger and I recognize that as her ritual for when she's sleepy. "She has the hair-twirling thing going on. It shouldn't be long until she's knocked out. If you can get Celia down, you might have a chance at getting a break."

"Celia's good to go. She's watching a movie in her bedroom, so she'll be asleep in three minutes."

Evan has this down pat. "I don't guess I've ever told you, but you're a great dad."

"Well, I never thought I could see you with kids, but I gotta admit, you look like a natural over there holding my boy."

I like the way holding this baby makes me feel. "If I'm not a natural, I hope I'm a fast learner. Laurelyn wants babies. At least two or three. Maybe more. I'll be thirty-one in a couple of months and I don't want to still be having kids when I'm forty, so I figure we won't wait long before we start trying."

Mila is already out cold but Evan continues holding her instead of putting her down on the couch. "My brother, the rich playboy, is getting married and talking about having kids. You did it, bro. You got your cake and you get to eat it too. I'm happy for you. Laurelyn's a special girl and she'll make you really happy."

This is the first serious moment I've shared with my brother since the day he came over and told me about Aidan coming. They're few and far between because that's not the kind of brotherhood we have, but now feels like the right time to ask him what's been on my mind. "I need a best man. You think you're up for the job?"

"You think I can't keep up with a ring and make a toast?"

"I think you have the capability to do both, or I wouldn't have asked."

"Does this mean I'm your best friend?"

He's provoking me. "No."

"Yeah, it does. Say it."

I should've known he'd pull some kind of shit like this. "It doesn't mean anything."

"Say it, or I won't do it," he threatens. Even at twenty-eight years old, he's such a little prick.

"I have plenty of friends I could ask."

"But you didn't. You asked me, so admit it. I'm your best friend."

"Yeah, you're my best friend. Happy?" I feel defeated.

"Yeah, BFF," he laughs.

"Damn. Your kids are more mature than you are."

And that's how my day is spent while the girls are out shopping for the wedding. My brother gets me up to speed on marriage and fatherhood. I would've once thought such a conversation would be boring as hell, but not today. I'm excited about it and can't wait to experience it for myself.

I'm on the floor with Aidan when Laurelyn and Emma come in. The minute he sees Emma, he is no longer content with me and begins throwing another one of his screaming tantrums. I pick him up from the floor and pass him off to his mother. "Here, take your titty baby."

"Jack Henry! I can't believe you said that."

"It's true, Laurelyn," Emma agrees. "Aidan is a boob man." She goes to the couch with him and pulls a blanket up over her chest for coverage and begins nursing him. It's her third kid and she quit going into another room after Mila was born. It seriously freaked me out the first few times she did it in front of me, but I guess I'm used to it now because it doesn't bother me anymore. "I hated to leave him all day, but I needed to have a selfish moment and get away for a while. He wasn't terrible, was he?"

"We had a man-to-man chat and I talked him down from the ledge."

Emma gives me an apologetic look. "That bad, huh?"

Yeah, it was pretty bad for a while but I hate to tell her how her kid showed his arse. "Maybe for a little at first, but he got over it."

"Let me guess. Evan dumped him on you?" She knows her husband well.

"Nah. He was busy with the girls so Aidan and I did some male bonding. I haven't gotten to see him much since he's been born. After he got over his little pissed-off spell, he was fine until he saw your boobs. Then he was done with Uncle Jack."

Laurelyn is shaking her head and I suspect I'll be in trouble about the titty baby and boob comments when she gets me alone later, so I make an attempt to smooth it over. "Did my beautiful bride find a dress?"

She immediately begins beaming and I'm certain that's a good sign. "I did."

I know she won't tell me, but I ask anyway. "What does it look like?"

"A beautiful white dress for a bride."

That's exactly the response I expected. "You're not gonna tell me anything about it?"

"Not a chance." Shocker. "You'll find out when you see me on our wedding day."

"Telling me about it isn't the equivalent of seeing you in it before the wedding."

"I know, but I want it to be a complete surprise."

I shrug. "Whatever you want, love."

She slips off one of her shoes and rubs her foot. "Right now I just want to go back to the apartment and rest. These McLachlan women put a hurting on me with this shopping thing. I couldn't keep up with them."

"It's a genetic thing for Mum and Chloe." They will not be stopped. "Emma had to be trained and you will be too."

"We'll see." Probably won't happen. Shopping isn't really Laurelyn's thing.

She isn't making a move to sit and I take that as a sign for us to head out. "I think I need to get my bride-to-be home and run her a warm bath and then massage her feet."

She slips her shoe back on. "You have no idea how perfect that sounds."

Emma looks at Evan. "You could take lessons from your brother."

I can tell that pisses him off. Good. "Okay. Send these three kids home with them and I'll be happy to run you a bath and massage your feet if that's all I have to do-more than glad."

"You don't have to be so cranky about it."

"I'm tired. These kids have done me in today."

"So now you get what it's like for me all day, except you didn't have a human vacuum using you as a dummy."

Laurelyn and I look at one another and begin easing toward the door. I'm pretty sure neither of them notices our escape. We get in the car and begin laughing simultaneously when we look at each other because we know we'll be the same way, even if neither of us says it. And I can't wait.

Chapter Thirty-One

The week has flown because I've been so busy making wedding plans. I can't believe how helpful Margaret, Chloe, and Emma have been. There's no way I could've pulled this together without their help. I will be forever grateful.

We're in a formal restaurant for our engagement dinner party. Margaret said it was going to be a few friends and family. Yeah, right. There are at least thirty guests present and that doesn't include the immediate McLachlan family.

I've met too many people to keep them straight and I've explained more times than I'd like about my career. I excuse myself to the bathroom, but it's because I need a quiet minute away from the chaos.

I'm leaning forward over the sole bathroom sink, applying a fresh coat of lipstick, when I see the reflection of a woman standing behind me. Our eyes meet in the mirror-and it's an awkward moment-but I allow her to win the stare-down when I avert my eyes. "I'm just finishing up here."

"I debated if I should follow you in here or not."

What a strange thing to say. "Excuse me?"

"I couldn't in good conscience not warn you about the man you're sitting with at dinner tonight."

She's an attractive blond, probably in her late thirties. He told me he's always dated older women and I can only assume she's one of his former companions. I've often wondered what this might feel like-running into one of the other twelve before me. I thought it might be a little easier after the whole Audrey thing, but it isn't. As I stare back into the blue eyes in the mirror, I could be sick at any moment. "What number are you?"

"He keeps count?"

Her tone is bitter. What if she's a freak like Audrey? It might be best to nip this in the bud so she doesn't get any crazy ideas. "I know all about his history, but he doesn't do that kind of thing anymore. We're engaged to be married."

"I wouldn't be so sure about that if I were you, honey. It hasn't been that long since he propositioned me in a hotel bar and took me upstairs."

I wonder what she's calling not long ago. "When?"

"It was March twentieth. I remember the date because it was my birthday."

I feel my heart and stomach swap places as my nausea increases. "I don't want to hear anymore."

"I'm sorry to be the one to break it to you, but I'd want someone to warn me if the situation were reversed. Even if he is gorgeous, you don't want to be with a creep like that."

Why does the room suddenly feel so warm? How can I feel so hot yet break into a cold sweat? Oh, everything is spinning. I reach up and begin to fan myself with my hand. "I need to sit down."

She helps me to the settee against the wall. "I think they say you should put your head between your knees if you feel like you're going to pass out."

I wasn't just feeling like I was going to faint. I was feeling like I was going to die from the pain of learning that the man I loved had been with this woman after I left and then lied to me about it. "You don't look so well. Can I get someone for you?"

It's too bad Addison wasn't feeling well tonight. I wish she were here. "Would you please go to my table and tell the woman in the purple dress that I need her without alarming everyone else that I'm not feeling well?"

"Of course. I'll be right back."

I begin to feel worse after she leaves, so I lower myself to the floor. I'm afraid I'm about to black out so I'll end up down there anyway, and it's better to be there by choice than by force.

I think I must've been unconscious for a brief moment because when I open my eyes and look up, Emma and Jack Henry are standing over me. Emma is on her knees beside me and she's holding my head in her lap while she blots my face with wet paper towels. "Calm down, Jack. She's starting to come around now. Honey, are you okay?" I blink several times but my blurry vision only slightly improves.

"She's clearly not okay because she passed out." I hear the fear in his voice. "What would've caused that?"

"Could she be pregnant?" Emma asks.

Jack Henry hesitates before answering. "Of course, there's a possibility but I don't think she is."

I hear the blond explain, "I'm afraid it's my fault because I told her what you did to me at the Langford Hotel several months ago."

"What is she talking about, Jack?" I hear the confusion in Emma's voice.

"What the f**k did you tell her that caused her to end up like this?" He's angry.

The door creaks open and then I hear Margaret's voice. "Good Lord, what happened?"

"She passed out," Emma and Jack Henry say in unison.

"Should we call an ambulance?"

I blink some more and my vision improves, so I try again to find my voice. When I do, it's weak. "No. Ambulance." I strain and see I can't sit up on my own. "Help me sit up, Em."

"I'll help her," Jack Henry says as he reaches for me.

"No. I don't want you to touch me," I say when I feel his hand on my arm.

"What's going on here?" I hear the confusion in Margaret's voice. "Why would she say that?"

"It's nothing-just a little misunderstanding." I wish that were the case.

The blond is still there and offering unwanted help. "Maybe she needs something to drink." I could certainly use something dark, straight, and stronger than me.

"No, thanks." He walks over to the door and holds it open. "I think you've helped quite enough. Your assistance will no longer be needed here."

I shouldn't be but I can't stop myself from being angry with the blond woman-for being with him then, for being here now.

"Go away." She takes one look at my face and it registers that there's no place for her here, so she walks out.

Em attempts to help me to my feet, but I'm still a wee bit wobbly.

"I'll be the one to take care of her." As much as I want to, I don't argue. Instead, I allow him to help me from the floor because I don't want to cause a scene in front of Emma and Margaret. Although I'm incredibly hurt and furious with him right now, I'd never want them to find out about the things he's done with other women, including the one he apparently f**ked only a few days after I left. Keeping them in the dark has nothing to do with protecting him; I'm keeping his secret to myself to protect them from seeing him the way I do right now.

When I'm standing with my feet firmly planted, I straighten my shoulders and look him in the face. I see something in his eyes for the first time. I think it's fear and it most definitely has a basis for being there. He should be afraid because all I can see is red.

"Get me out of here." I owe Margaret some kind of apology. "I'm so sorry for ruining dinner, but I need to go home and lie down. Please tell everyone I apologize for the drama. I hope I haven't ruined the night for them."

She places her hands on my face and searches my eyes. I'm certain she's confused about what's just happened. "You haven't ruined anything, sweetheart. You just go with Jack Henry and feel better soon."

Fat chance of that happening.

She hugs me tightly. "Thank you, Margaret. It was a lovely dinner."

She releases me. "I'll call in the morning to check on you. If you need anything-I mean anything at all-don't hesitate to call."

"I will. Promise."

I allow Jack Henry to support me by my upper arm as we walk out of the restaurant. He might take my tolerance as a sign of concession, but it's anything but. This is far from over. Once we're in the parking lot out of the family's sight, I jerk my arm from his grasp. "Take your f**king hands off of me."

"Baby..."

"Don't you dare baby me. You don't get to baby me after f**king that woman and then lying to me about it."

"Please, let me..."

I cut him off. "Explain? No. I don't want to hear your account of what happened. I heard hers and right now I have a whole lot more faith in her ability to tell the truth."

"It didn't happen the way you think."

My finger is in his face. "Shut. Your. Fucking. Mouth. I don't want to hear a word out of you." I stand there debating if I'll get in the car with him, but who am I kidding? I don't have much of a choice since I have nowhere else to go. "Take me to the apartment."

We remain silent as he drives. I stare out the window watching the streetlights zoom by. I'm grateful he doesn't make another attempt to explain his actions away because I can't take talking or thinking about him being with another woman right now.

I feel the slight throb of a migraine beginning at the base of my head. It's been months since I had one, but I'm not shocked to feel it coming on after what just happened. I know this process well and it's going to get worse until it becomes so painful, I have no choice but to get sick. Perfect. It's exactly what I need on top of this shit.

The flashing of the streetlights is making it worse, so I close my eyes and lean my head back against the seat. By the time we pull into the garage, I'm in a massive amount of pain and highly nauseated. I reach for the handle and get out of the car so I don't spew in the Sunset. That would be a total shame.

Jack Henry unlocks the door and walks in first. Home is the only place he enters ahead of me. It's his routine and he does it to protect me in case we were to walk in on a burglary.

He tosses the keys onto the kitchen counter and then turns to me. "We have to talk about this."

I run past him toward our bathroom. I slam the door and barely make it to the toilet before I vomit. I see the door open in my peripheral vision and he comes in without an invitation. "Go away," I order, although I know it's in vain. He's never gone away before and I know he won't now.

I hear him turn on the faucet and seconds later, I feel him twist my hair up and off my neck so he can place a cool, wet washcloth against my skin. "Maybe this will help."

"There isn't help for what I'm feeling."

"Laurelyn, please let me tell you what happened."

"Seriously?" I scream and it makes my head pound even harder. "My head is hanging over the toilet because I'm puking up my guts, and you want to talk about being with another woman."

He says nothing and walks out of the bathroom. He returns a few minutes later with one of his T-shirts thrown over his shoulder. "I'm going to help you change and you're going to let me because you need my help."

I give him a look that warns him he better not try anything. "I don't want to die tonight, Laurelyn. I only want to help you change your clothes."

I'm still on my knees when I feel my zipper slide down my back to my hips. He helps me stand and my black sheath dress puddles at my feet around my black Italian open-toed pumps that cost a ridiculous sum. I hold his shoulder as I step out of my dress and he moves it from where it fell on the floor.

I see his eyes studying my black lace bra, matching panties, and garter belt as I stand in my five-inch heels. I know Jack Henry well, and it pleases me to no end to know seeing me like this is probably giving him a raging hard-on with no relief from me in the near future.

I reach behind my back to unfasten my bra and let it fall to the floor. I unhook my nylons and remove them before I slide the belt down my legs. I'm standing in my panties and he studies my near-naked body briefly before taking the shirt from his shoulder and pulling it over my head. "I'll have your side of the bed turned back for you when you're finished in here."

When I come out of the bathroom, the lights are off with the exception of the bedside lamp. There's a glass of water and a pill I recognize as my migraine medication on the nightstand. Jack Henry isn't anywhere in sight, so I take the small white tablet and crawl into bed.

Lying in bed without him could never feel lonelier, but he's wise to give me my space. I'm like an unstable explosive threatening to detonate at any moment.

The clock tells me it's been an hour since I took my medication, so I know sleep will claim me soon. I'm already feeling the drug-induced drowsiness it always brings and I welcome it. I need an escape from this cruel reality.

It's still dark when I open my eyes, so I know I didn't sleep long. The clock glows 3:39 in the blackness around me and I reach over to find Jack Henry's side of the bed empty. Smart man.

I shouldn't care where he's bedded down for the night-but I do-so I slide out of bed and go in search. I don't find him in the guest bedrooms, so I go to the living room and he's sleeping in a sitting position on the couch with a glass of dark amber liquid in his hand. There's fresh ice in his drink, so I know he hasn't been asleep for long.

It isn't often that I'm able to study his figure while he sleeps, but I come to the same conclusion every time: he's the most beautiful man I've ever seen. And I love him so much it hurts.

He stirs in his sleep and his drink tilts to the side, causing some of it to spill down his leg. I reach to take it from his hand and he startles awake. I unwrap his fingers from it. "You can let go. I've got it."

He stares at me with hazy eyes and I realize he's shitfaced when he reaches out to grab me a little too hard around the waist. He leans forward and presses his head to my stomach, causing me to stagger backward to maintain my balance. "I love you, Laurelyn. Please, don't leave me. I'll f**king die if you do."

I love him and I don't want to leave, but how can I stay with a man who would lie to my face the way he did? I asked him if he'd been with another woman and he told me he hadn't been inside another one since me. I gave him the perfect opportunity to come clean. It would've hurt but I'd have eventually gotten over it. At least it would've been the truth. He knows how much I hate lies.

I run my fingers through his dark hair. "We'll talk about it tomorrow when you're not hammered."

He's still holding me around the waist but he fists the T-shirt I'm wearing and pushes it up to bare my stomach. "I can just see you with a baby on the way."

Oh, God. Why does he have to say things like that right now? "You're drunk and you need to sleep it off."

He pokes me with his finger below my navel. "I want to marry the shit out of you and then I want to put a baby inside you as soon as you'll let me." He puts his finger under my piercing and flicks it up. "But I don't know what will happen to this little jewel when your belly grows."

I feel euphoric hearing him talk about marriage and babies, but then I remember why he's drunk and saying things like that. "Be a good boy for me and lie down on the couch."

"I don't want to sleep here. I want to be in our bed with you."

"No! I'm pissed off at you. You're not going to sleep next to me like nothing happened."

He pulls me closer and I stumble again. "Please, Laurelyn. Let me come to bed. I don't want to sleep apart from you."

"No."

He puts the side of his face against my stomach. "I'm begging you, baby. Don't make me sleep here without you."

Shit! I'm exhausted and don't have the strength to argue-or wrestle him-so I concede. "You can come to bed but don't you dare try to touch me."

"I won't," he promises. "I just want to sleep next to you."

He lets go of me and is unstable when he stands, so I reach out to steady him. "You okay?"

"Yep."

He's plastered and is going to feel like shit tomorrow. Serves him right.

"Come on." Our roles have reversed. I was the unstable one earlier in the night, but now I'm guiding his drunken ass down the hallway to our bedroom.

I pull the covers back on his side of the bed and order him to climb inside. He crawls in and his eyes are shut when he says, "I love you, Laurelyn."

I'm hurt by what he's done, and although I love him, I can't make myself say the words in return.

I climb in on my side and I already hear him snoring. It's incredible but after being apart for three months, I can't even hate that annoying sound.

When I wake again, I'm lying on my side and Jack Henry's arm is around my waist. He's pressed against me and I feel his breath on the back of my neck. "Please don't make me let you go yet. I just need to savor feeling you like this for a little longer."

Those are parting words. He anticipates me leaving him. And he has reason to.

I feel his head shift and now it's pressed against my back. "I didn't f**k her. I know you believe I did, but I swear I didn't. I wasn't lying to you when I told you I hadn't been inside another woman since you."

I've never known Jack Henry to lie to me. I think that's one reason the whole thing came as such a shock. That, and the fact that he knows how much I despise deceit.

I pull away and flip over so I can see his face. "You did something with her." And I know all the little naughty somethings he likes so much. "And whatever it was happened a week after I left. Seven damn days. Do you want to know what I was doing on day seven? I wasn't out screwing around with some guy. I was in my apartment all alone, crying day and night because I was grieving the loss of us."

"Dammit, Laurelyn. You walked out on me without so much as a goodbye. Don't think for one second that I wasn't grieving the loss of us too. I thought I was never going to see you again and I was a total mess after you were gone. I stayed drunk the first week after. I was so f**king miserable and I just wanted to find a way to get over you. You said you thought Charlie might help you forget me. Well, I thought I needed number fourteen to make me forget you, so I picked that woman up in a hotel bar. She agreed to my conditions and I took her upstairs to the room I'd rented. I planned on f**king her until you were out of my head."

I can't handle hearing this. It's too much. "Stop. I don't want to hear this. It will end me if I have to picture you with another woman." I put my hands over my ears.

He grabs my wrists to pull them down. "I had every intention of telling you about this woman, but the night you asked if there were others, I couldn't say the words. We had just found each other and I didn't want to ruin our reunion, so I planned on doing it later. But later never came."

"I don't want to know. I don't want to have the picture in my head."

"This will always come between us if I don't tell you everything. You'll always wonder what happened, so it's better to get it out of the way so it can't hurt us in the long run." He brings my hands to his mouth and kisses them. "And I plan on it being a really long run-like, forever."

I brace myself for the pain that's coming. It's like seeing a bat being swung at my face in slow motion. I know it's gonna hurt like hell and if it hits me hard enough, there's a good chance I might die.

Chapter Thirty-Two

The thought of never telling Laurelyn about the woman in the hotel-potential number fourteen-had crossed my mind. I seriously considered keeping that secret to myself but I always knew I couldn't deceive her that way. As time passed, the moment was never right-at least that's what I told myself.

I admit it. That was my excuse and it got me by for a while, but now it's all come tumbling down on my head. Even in this moment, I want to back out because I'm scared shitless, but I have no choice. What I'm about to do could cost me the first and only woman I've ever been in love with, but I don't think I could ever look straight at myself-or Laurelyn-if I don't tell her everything.

I clear my throat and the sound echoes off every wall in our bedroom. It calls attention to how quiet it is and to the fact that I'm about to tell her something that's going to cause her pain. "I was so hammered that I could barely walk. All I could think about was you and how you left me without a goodbye. I understand why you did it, but it still hurt me terribly. I wanted the pain to go away, even if it was only for a few minutes. I thought f**king another woman would take away the pain I felt from losing you. But I was wrong; her touch made me sick. I couldn't even let her kiss me when she tried."

"I don't want you to describe being with her from beginning to end. I'd be envisioning the whole encounter in my head, so I'm going to ask you the things I think are important for me to know."

That's probably better than getting my play-by-play. "Okay. I'll honestly answer any questions you have."

"Was she naked?"

Oh, f**k! She wants details-in-depth ones. I hadn't planned on going into those kinds of specifics about my interaction with this woman. Now, I have no choice but to answer her because she has specifically asked. "Yes."

She squeezes her eyes shut for a moment before she opens them again. I think she's debating if she wants to keep going with this line of questioning, but she continues. "Were you?"

I don't want to admit being naked with another woman a week after Laurelyn left. Even if I didn't screw her, this doesn't look good for me. But it is what it is, and I'm guilty, so now I get to pay the piper. "Yes."

She's biting her lip but not in a sexy way-it's from worry. "Did you go down on her?"

I can't believe she thinks I'd do that. "Hell, no!"

"Did she go down on you?"

This is not the way I planned on this conversation going. "No."

"Did you use your hand to make her come?"

She's staring me right in the face doing that thing she does-invoking her human lie detector skills. "No. I didn't touch her there."

"But you did touch her?"

I swallow hard. This isn't going to go over well. "She put my hands on her tits."

"Did she touch your dick?"

Damn! She's leaving no stone unturned. "Yes," I whisper as I close my eyes. "When she rolled the condom on me."

When I open my eyes, I see the tears pooling in hers. I vowed to never be this person-the one to cause her tears-and I swear this is the last time it'll ever happen. I'll spend the rest of my life making her smile and laugh.

A single tear rolls down her cheek and I reach to wipe it away with my thumb, but she slaps my hand away. "Did she make you come?"

I shake my head hard from side to side. "No f**king way."

"Why do you say it like that? You said she put a condom on you. That means you got hard for her." Her eyes are narrowed at me. "Just how close were you to being inside her?"

I sigh heavily before answering. "Close, but I couldn't do it. I had my eyes squeezed shut so I didn't have to look at her. All I could see was your face. I love you too much to ever be inside another woman. I swear I did not f**k her. Please believe me."

"My side of the bed wasn't even cold yet."

I watch her face as she studies mine, and I'm terrified of what she's about to say. I decide it's time to plead for my life like I'm standing in front of a firing line. "We agreed we'd never see each other again and you left without saying goodbye. I thought we were over forever. I would've never gone looking for another woman if I'd thought I had a chance in hell of having you back in my life. Please forgive me, L. I love you. You're the only woman I want. Ever."

She shuts her eyes and tears roll down her face. "I believe you when you say you didn't have sex with that woman, but hearing the things you did with her is as painful as if you had. I can't imagine my heart hurting worse than it does right now."

She turns onto her side facing away from me, and I don't know where I stand. I have no idea what it means for her to believe me yet be so hurt by what I did.

I want to reach out to touch her, to comfort her. I'm afraid she won't allow me, but I can't stop myself. I scoot closer and drape my arm over her waist. She struggles to get away but I pull her to me tightly. "You're angry and I will take any punishment you see fit to give me because I f**ked up big time, but I love you and this isn't going to end us. We're bigger than this stupid mistake of mine and we're going to push through and come out bigger and better on the other side because of it."

She stops resisting and relaxes, so I hold her in my arms. I can feel the shuddering of her body as she cries and I'm terrified. I don't know what I'll do if she calls off the wedding. It's a very real possibility. I reach for her left hand to see if she's wearing her ring, and I'm relieved to feel it there. I bring it to my mouth and press it firmly against my lips. "Please tell me you still want to be my wife."

"Now isn't the time to ask me that question."

Fuck! This could be it for us. She may not be able to move past my stupid mistake. "No, L. Please don't end us. I'll do whatever it takes to turn this around."

"I said I need time to think." She pushes my hand away as she sits up on the edge of the bed, her back to me. "I want to go to Addison's for a few days so I can sort through this without looking at you."

I don't want her at Addison's, not with that little bastard who wanted in her pants living right across the hall. "Baby, please don't go there. Let me take you to Avalon and I'll stay in the guest house. You and Addison can have the house and I won't come back until you tell me I can."

"I'll talk to Addison and let you know what I decide." She gets up from the bed and goes into the bathroom. There's a loud thud when she shuts the door and it's a reminder that she is closing herself off from me.

My mobile rings. My mum. I'm certain she's calling to check on Laurelyn after her incident in the restaurant, so I can't avoid her call. "Hello, Mum."

"Hey, how's our girl feeling this morning?"

I'm glad she doesn't know what's going on between us. She would beat the shit out of me if she got wind of it. "She's feeling much better and is taking a shower right now."

"I'm so grateful to hear that. She had me worried. I've never seen anyone go so pale. Any idea what caused that to happen?"

"She has migraines and one came on after we left the restaurant. She got sick once we were home, so I think it could be associated with that." It's not a lie.

"That sounds like a very probable explanation. We have plans to do wedding shopping today and Chloe wants to prepare some of the wedding food for her to sample this evening. Did she mention if she felt well enough to do that?" I highly doubt it.

I rack my brain for a way to cover my foolish mistake. "She didn't, but I have to be back at Avalon this afternoon. Maybe I can bring her next weekend." That is, if she hasn't left me by then.

"Why don't you go on back and I can drive her home in a few days after we've worn her out shopping?"

I don't think Laurelyn's gonna go for that. She isn't going to want to spend the next few days shopping for our wedding, but I don't have a reasonable excuse to give my mum. "I'll ask her when she gets out of the shower and have her call you back."

"Okay."

I end the call but dread telling Laurelyn about Mum's suggestion because I don't want to hear her response-my reality check for how she's considering calling off our wedding. I sit motionless on the bed until I hear the shower turn off. I consider knocking on the door but decide it's best if I wait until she comes out.

She emerges wrapped in a towel to get her things from her bag because she doesn't have clothes here at the apartment yet.

Yet. It occurs to me that after last night's encounter with that woman, she may never keep her things here.

"My mum called to check on you. She asked if I'd leave you here to wedding shop while I go back to Avalon."

She stops in front of her suitcase and looks at me. "What did you tell her?"

"I couldn't come up with a reason to tell her you wouldn't."

She digs through her suitcase. "I guess you didn't want to tell her I was having issues because you screwed around with another woman a week after I left."

She isn't going to forgive me for this. I already know it. I've hurt her too badly and now I fall into that category of ass**les with the others-her mum, her dad, Blake.

She chooses her clothes and then looks at me. "I need my best friend right now."

I don't know Addison well and I have no idea how she'll advise Laurelyn. I'm inclined to think she won't encourage her to cut me any slack based on the brief conversation we had when she warned me about not hurting her best friend. "I know, and I'll make it happen if that's what you want."

"I'll call Addison. If she's willing to come, we'll stay here instead of Avalon and I'll do the shopping thing with your family. I can't afford to lose a day of preparation if I decide to go through with marrying you."

I cannot believe she is going to stay and continue to make plans for our wedding. Surely, that is a good sign-the first one I've gotten. "I'll have Daniel drive her over."

"I'll call Margaret and make plans for today, but I expect you to be gone when I get back."

Damn! That was cold enough to cancel out any perceived positive vibe. "Don't worry. I will be."

Chapter Thirty-Three

It's an utterly miserable day for me. What should be the happiest moments of my life are overshadowed by the discovery of what Jack Henry did with that woman. I can't get it out of my head because I have a face for her. I wish I didn't.

Aside from crazy Audrey, I have the luxury of not knowing what the others look like, and I'm fine with that. I'm not naive. I realize this will probably happen again if I marry him. I could possibly run into the others who came before me, but I'm prepared to handle the priors. I can even deal with the crazy shit Audrey dishes out, but this one who came after me is a kick in the ass. And a stab in the heart.

Chloe is holding two bridesmaids gowns for me to look at and I realize I completely spaced out when I hear Margaret ask, "Honey, do you not feel well?"

No. I don't feel well at all, but it has nothing to do with being sick. I just can't handle being here picking out things for a wedding that might not happen. "I'm sorry. I don't think I'm quite over that migraine. Would it be all right if we postponed today's shopping until another day? And Chloe...maybe we can do the sampling next weekend?"

"Of course. Please don't apologize." She returns the dresses to the rack. "We'll come back when you're feeling better, and it's not a problem to wait about the food. That will give me a little longer to think about the cake."

I feel so guilty for lying to these precious women. The thought of not being Margaret's daughter-in-law, along with Chloe and Emma's sister-in-law, absolutely kills me. I almost wonder if I'd marry Jack Henry just to be part of his wonderful family. I truly love them as my own-more than my own. "I should feel better tomorrow."

Margaret and Chloe drop me off at the apartment and Jack Henry's car isn't in the garage, so I know he's gone as I requested. Okay, demanded. At least he's smart enough to listen.

I go inside and immediately see the ginormous bouquet of white roses and the letter beside them on the coffee table. I sigh, inhaling their beauty. I want to pick them up and chuck them in the trash. Or at Jack Henry's head. The latter would probably give me far more satisfaction.

I hold the letter in my hands. I dread opening it. I know it's going to say things that will tear my heart out-that's the intention, right? To get me to stay and marry him.

I plop down on the couch and pull out the single folded piece of paper and look at his lovely penmanship, comparable to calligraphy. It shouldn't belong to a man but it does-a beautiful one who I love.

I'm crying before the end of the first sentence and sobbing by the third. In my heart I know he didn't mean to hurt me, but that does nothing to stop the pain or the images I see in my head-the ones where he's in bed naked with that woman. I wish it would stop, but I don't know how to make that happen. That's how I spend the next couple of hours until Addison arrives-sitting on the couch, strumming my guitar in hopes of getting it all out of my head.

"You didn't ask me here for a girls' excursion. What's happened?"

I don't want to say the words because they're so painful, but I manage to spit them out in between my sniveling. "There was another woman after I left."

"Another...companion?" She's makes a confused face as she says the word.

"No. It wasn't like that. He was drunk and propositioned a woman about being the next one. He took her upstairs to a hotel room and got naked with her. He was going to f**k her because he said he thought it would get me out of his head."

Addison lets that sink into her brain for several moments. "You say he was going to. Does that mean he didn't do the deed?"

"He says he couldn't. Because of me."

"Do you believe him?"

I don't have a reason not to. "I do, but he still had the intention, even if he didn't go through with it."

"And this would be after you left without telling him your name or giving him a goodbye?"

I sometimes conveniently forget that part. "Yes, but only a week later. He said he was in love with me, but I don't understand how a person goes out to find another companion to sleep with if he's so in love with me."

I can already tell I'm probably not going to like what she's about to say. That's how well I know Addison. "I'm sorry, Laurie. You know I love you and always have your back, but I can't really take your side on this one. You left Jack without telling him your name or giving him a goodbye, so I'm certain he thought he'd never see you again. And he wouldn't have if he hadn't hired a detective to search for you. You know I've always said the only way to get over someone is to get under someone else. You were gone, and I think he probably was of the same mentality but couldn't go through with it. That proves way more to me than the part about him being with another woman. When faced with getting a piece of ass, he couldn't do it because of how much he loves you."

Even if I can manage to get past that part, he didn't come clean when I flat out asked him. "But he lied to me about it. I only found out because we ran into the woman. She cornered me in a bathroom to warn me about him. It was humiliating to stand there with his ring on my finger and have another woman tell me about going up to a hotel room with him."

"That's who he was-not who he is now-and it sounds like you need to decide if you can deal with what he used to do."

She isn't getting my issue here. "I can deal with the others but this one is different because she happened after me. It feels like our relationship is tainted."

"Think about this. I know you had a little something trying to get started with Charlie when Jack found you. Would you want him to hold that against you?"

It's apples and oranges. "But that was almost three months after we were over. Not a week."

"You have an argument for everything I say, so I don't know what you want to hear. Do you want me to tell you to throw away everything with him because he almost screwed someone else? Think about this, Laurie. Could you really walk away from him forever, not because of something he did but because of something he almost did?"

I didn't expect her to take his side, but she's making some good arguments in his defense. "It just hurts so much. How can I love him with all my heart but want to kick him in the nuts at the same time?"

"It's because there are three guys in a girl's life: one she loves, one she hates, and one she can't get enough of. The three have one thing in common. They're all the same guy, and right now, Jack is the one you hate. You want to kick his nut sack into his gut, but you have to remember that he's also the one you love and can't get enough of."

I consider Addison to be so shallow-and she can be-but not today. "You're right. I know I'd be miserable without him."

"You know I'd tell you to drop him if he was a sleaze, but he's not. Yes, he's been a manwhore in the past, but what guy hasn't been when you really think about it? The real question here is if you can get over this and move on. Will you be able to forgive this and not hold it against him and bring it up every time you have a fight or a problem?"

A realization occurs to me. He may have unintentionally hurt me, but he didn't purposely wrong me. And there's a huge difference between the two. "Yes. I can move past this because of how much I love him."

"Just because you've decided to get over it doesn't mean you have to let him know he's off the hook yet. Let him simmer on the back burner a few days and sweat it out so it's a lesson he doesn't forget any time soon."

I don't think so. "It better be a lesson he never forgets!"

"Then all the better to let him worry a few days. We'll hang out and do wedding stuff while he's at Avalon pacing the floor. Although I took his side, I do think he deserves that much."

A little worry and pacing won't hurt him a bit. "I agree. I can't let him out of the penalty box after only one day."

"No. He needs to be in there at least three days so you don't look like a pushover. Don't ever forget that it's your job to teach him how to treat you."

It's day three of Jack Henry being in the penalty box. We've not spoken since the morning he left, and I miss him terribly. For every time I don't call him, I almost do. I think I would have if Addison hadn't been with me, but she's kept me strong.

We've spent the last two days with the McLachlan women invading every bridal shop in Sydney. The more time I spend with them, the more I adore them. It's like having a normal, loving mom and sisters. And it's wonderful.

Jack Henry wouldn't be the only one I'd miss if we parted ways, so it's a good thing we're not. But he still doesn't know that. I realize it's a little on the cruel side to keep him in the dark. I'm beginning to feel a little guilty about that, but I'm glad to be going home so we can put this behind us and move forward.

I wait for him to pick up as the phone rings. He doesn't say hello when he answers, and my heart skips a beat at the sound of his voice saying my name. "L." I love his new nickname for me. It's so much more intimate than calling me Laurie like everyone else does.

"I was calling to see if you'd send Daniel to get Addison. She's ready to get back to Zac." And I'm ready to get back to you.

"Of course. When?"

"Could he be here by lunch tomorrow?" I already know he can. Jack Henry would send him now if it's what I asked.

"Absolutely. Tell her to expect him at twelve." I know Daniel well enough to know it will be straight up twelve o'clock when he pulls into the drive.

"I'll let her know."

There's a pregnant pause before he asks, "How are you?"

I'm weak and ready to break down. I want to say that I'm coming home because I've missed him so much, but I don't. I hold it together. "I'm okay. You?"

"I'm not okay at all. I miss you and I'm going crazy because you're not here with me."

If I have this talk with him, I'm a goner. "I don't want to have this conversation over the phone."

"Then come home so we can have it face to face. Please."

"I'll think about it." And that isn't a lie because I will be doing a lot of thinking about what I'm going to say to him once I'm home. I fear I'll say too much if I continue talking, so I end our conversation without giving him any clue that I'll be home with him the following night.

It's after five when I come into the house, so I know Mrs. Porcelli has left for the evening. Dinner is on the stove but hasn't been touched. All the lights are off in the house with the exception of a dim light from the living room. I follow the dull glow because I'm certain that must be where Jack Henry is-if he's home.

And then worrisome thoughts begin to cross my mind. Maybe he isn't here. He could be out prowling for another woman because he thinks I'm leaving him. Or worse, I could find him with someone. He doesn't know I'm coming home, so he could be up to anything.

Shit! This is my fear speaking. Jack Henry isn't like that. He loves me.

I stand in the doorway of the living room and see him sitting in his chair. He's alone. I breathe a sigh of relief. He's holding a drink in his hand as he stares at the black screen of the television. He turns up the last of it and then places the glass on the end table next to him.

He's wearing jeans and a khaki button-down work shirt. His Indiana Jones hat is sitting on the table next to him, and I assume he's just come home since he's still wearing work attire.

He's oblivious to me standing there watching him, and I take advantage of the rare opportunity to admire his masculine beauty. I wish I could see his crystal blue eyes. I love the contrast of them next to his nearly black hair. His hair and eye color combination have always been my favorite, and I hope our children inherit that from him. In fact, I want them to look just like their father.

He must sense me watching because he turns to see me standing there looking at him. It's impossible to not see the surprise in his eyes. And the fear-at least that's what I think it is.

He doesn't get out of his chair to come to me. I'm nervous that I may have pushed him too far.

"L, why didn't you tell me you were coming home?" I'm not about to tell him I wanted him to be worried an extra day, but he saves me from replying. "I wish you'd called. I wouldn't have drunk this whiskey if I'd known."

"It's okay. We can still talk. A little bit of whiskey won't stop us."

"I don't know if the amount of whiskey I've consumed would qualify as a little bit-except maybe to an alco."

He may have slurred a little. "Are you hammered?"

"It's possible, but in my defense, I didn't have a reason not to be. I'm sorry, L. Now probably isn't the best time to talk this out-if that's what you're here for. If you came to say that you're leaving me, then I'm glad to have a head start on that bottle of Jack."

"I considered leaving you, but Addison made me see things I hadn't considered."

"And what did you come up with?"

I walk across the living room until I'm standing in front of him. "This is over."

I barely have the words out when he moves to the edge of his seat and reaches for me. He puts his arms around my body and pulls me forward. He squeezes me tightly. "Please, don't say that we're over. I will beg you from my knees if it's what you want, but please, don't end us."

"You didn't let me finish." He looks up at me. "You explained what happened with that woman. Yes, it was painful to hear, but no, you technically didn't wrong me because we agreed to never see one another again. I can't hold it against you, so it's over. There's no reason to discuss it further."

"Thank f**k! I've been going crazy these past few days." He stands and takes my face in his hands. "How many times do I have to almost lose you?"

"I don't know." I hold up my left hand. "You better hurry up and put the other part of that ring on my finger."

"Let's forget planning this wedding and do it tomorrow."

He may be drunk but I think he's serious. "We can't do that to Margaret. She'd be so disappointed."

"She'd get over it."

As much as I want to, I won't hurt Margaret that way. "It's less than three weeks away. We can wait."

He pulls me close. "You're positive I can't talk you into it?"

"Yes, I'm sure."

"Okay. I'll wait until the fourteenth to make you my wife, but I'm not waiting until then to have you under me."

He grabs my hand to lead me toward the bedroom and I swipe his hat from where it's sitting on the end table. "Why did you grab my hat?"

"Because I want you to wear it while you f**k me," I laugh. "You're drunk so I figure I can talk you into doing anything right now."

"Baby, I don't have to be drunk for you to talk me into doing something you want. I'll always give you anything you ask for." He stops to kiss me before we're in the bedroom. "You don't mind that I'm a little hammered?"

"No. It'll make it interesting. I like the things I can get out of you when you've been drinking. Plus, I love when you taste like whiskey. It turns me on."

"I've had a lot," he admits. "You might get drunk just kissing me."

"Caveman, you don't have to drink whiskey to intoxicate me. All I have to do is look at you and I'm love drunk."

Chapter Thirty-Four

I'm sleeping in the guesthouse tonight because Margaret McLachlan insists. She says I can't sleep with L. because I'm not supposed to see her the day of the wedding, but it's eleven o'clock so technically it's not the day of the wedding yet.

The McLachlan women are in the house patrolling all entrances to prevent me from getting to my bride, but they didn't count on my persistence or my cleverness in removing the screen on the window to our bedroom earlier in the day when they weren't looking.

I sneak to the window and try to look inside but can't see a thing behind the blinds except for the dim glow of the bedside lamp. I listen for voices but all I can hear is L.'s guitar and soft voice. What is she doing singing and playing this late-the night before our wedding?

I lightly tap on the window and wait in vain for a response. Finally, I knock and then hear the sound of her music stop. A moment later, L. pulls up one of the blind's slats and then raises it. She unlocks the window and lifts it up. "What are you doing out there? Being a peeping Tom?"

"I wanted to see you."

"Yeah. That's what peeping Toms do." She lifts her brows at me. "You know your mom would have a fit if she knew you were outside this window."

And that's exactly why she needs to hurry up and let me in. "That's why I'm sneaking in."

"You're sneaking in?"

She thinks I'm kidding. "Yeah. I haven't been with you in days because they've kept you so busy. I'm in withdrawals."

"We're getting married tomorrow. You remember that, right?"

"We have an hour until it's our wedding day and I want to spend every minute of it with you." Her face looks like she's considering it, so I make a move to seal the deal. "Please, L. I'll make it worth your while, but you'll have to let me cover your mouth when I make you scream my name."

She shakes her head but grins. I know that means I'm good to go before she says a word. "Get your ass in here before my mother-in-law catches you, but I'm warning you now-I'm screaming if you don't make this worth my while."

"Not a chance."

I hoist myself up through the window and fall inside. "Shh...they're going to hear you and come running to see what's going on."

"I'm not scared," I boast.

"Yeah. And that's why you're sneaking in through the window-because you're so brave."

I grab her around the waist and pull her against me. "Stop talking and kiss me. We don't have long. We're probably down to fifty-five minutes now, and I don't know if I can do all the things I want to do in under an hour."

I bring my lips to hers and she laces her fingers through the back of my hair to pull me closer. She might not say it, but she has missed being with me just as much the last few days. I can feel it in the urgency of her kiss. "I think my girl is a little bit horny."

She wastes no time working the buttons down the front of my shirt. "I'm maybe a little bit sexually frustrated. You're not the only one used to gettin' it every day." She gets it open and pushes it away from my shoulders until it falls to the floor. She runs her palms up my chest and then down until she's reaching for my fly. "After all this time I should be over feeling butterflies in my stomach when we're together, but I'm not and I don't think I ever will be."

"Good." I don't want her to ever be over it.

I reach for my T that she's wearing and pull it over her head. "You're wearing my shirt."

"I put it on because I wanted to smell you when I got into bed. But having the real thing here with me is so much better." I agree with that.

She pushes my jeans and boxer briefs down and I kick them off the rest of the way. When I pull her close, my hard-on presses against her stomach and she brushes her fingers up and down my shaft. "I think my boy is a little bit horny."

"Maybe I'm a little bit sexually frustrated. Isn't that what you called it?"

I put my hands on her hips and push her knickers down her legs until she steps out of them. "I believe I did." When she puts her arms up on my shoulders, I grab the backs of her thighs and lift her to wrap her legs around my waist. I don't think I'll ever get tired of doing that.

I carry my almost-bride to our bed and gently lower her to the mattress. I push stray hair from her face before I rain kisses over it. "You are so beautiful. I'm a lucky bastard to have you to look at the rest of my life."

"I consider myself the lucky one."

I run my thumbs over her cheeks. "I'm going to spend the rest of my life proving to you that I'm worthy of your love."

"You've already proved your worthiness. That's why I'm becoming your wife tomorrow."

"My wife." It still hasn't quite soaked in that I'll become Laurelyn's husband tomorrow. "I love hearing you say that."

I take my time kissing her mouth and then migrate down her neck to her chest, between her br**sts. I palm one as I suck her hard nipple into my mouth and swipe my tongue over it. I graze the tip with my teeth and she moans as her breath increases, so I do it again because she likes it.

I drift lower until my mouth is over her pubic arch. "And I get to have this for the rest of my life."

"Aren't you supposed to be in panic mode about never being with another woman?"

I've always heard that, but it's not true. "Never. The thought of not having you for the rest of my life is what puts me in panic mode."

"Then you should be fine because I'm not going anywhere."

"Well, I'm going somewhere, and it's down," I tell her as I push her legs apart. "That's what you want, isn't it?"

Her hand rests on the top of my head, stroking my hair. I laugh to myself because I know without a doubt that the gentle stroking she's doing now will soon turn into her grabbing a handful and giving it a yank. "Yes! You have no idea how much I want your mouth on me."

"I bet I have a good idea."

I drop lower and give her that one long, slow stroke up the middle. Her body jerks like she's been seared. "You always taste so good, L. I don't know if I'll ever be able to get enough of you." She drops her legs farther apart and rocks against my mouth. I push two fingers inside her while I use my tongue to circle her most sensitive spot. She's propped on her elbows watching me and she's wearing the face-the one I see when I know I'm doing everything right.

I think she likes seeing me do this to her because it seems to be the norm these days. I still remember when she watched the first time. We were so new to each other then, and I think she was embarrassed by even the thought of it, but she did it anyway. Now, look at the little erotic vixen. She isn't afraid to tell me what she wants or needs, and I love that. It's a huge turn-on to hear her tell me how to make her come. "Tell me what you want."

She bites her bottom lip and slowly lets it slide from between her teeth. "I want you to put the Dyson on me right here," she says as she touches the spot above my fingers. I love the name she has assigned to my suction move. "And while you do that, I want your fingers sliding in and out of me but try your hand turned liked this," she directs as she reaches down.

"Anything you want, babe."

I put my mouth on her and begin to slowly alternate between applying suction and releasing it as I slide my fingers in and out of her the way she wants. She beats the mattress with her hand and falls back against the bed as her legs tense. "Damn!...Shit!" I look up and see her grasp the sheets in her fists. "Fuck!" she shouts as she arches her back from the bed and her legs quiver around me. "Ohh...ohh...I'm coming." This is one of the rare times she doesn't yank on my hair and I'm glad, judging by the force I see her using on the bed linens.

There's no question about the moment her orgasm ends because she goes limp. I sit back on my haunches and look at her sprawled out in her exultant state. It thrills me to no end that I'm able to do this for her-and that she wants me to. It's something she's come to expect, and I'll always be happy to comply.

Her legs have slid down because she's so relaxed. I push them up until her feet are planted flat on the bed. I stay on my haunches and pull her down until our bodies meet. She moves her feet from the mattress to my shoulders and bends her knees until they're positioned firmly. Her toes dig into my skin. Huh. That's a new one. "You must think you need to hang on."

"I'm betting it's not a bad idea."

There's a knock on the door and we give each other the oh-shit look but whoever it is can forget it. No way, no how am I leaving L. with this kind of hard-on.

"Are you okay, Laurelyn? I thought I heard you yell." Shit, it's my mum.

"I knew you'd scream too loud. You were supposed to cover your mouth."

"You were supposed to cover my mouth."

"Well, that's a little hard to do when my head is getting compressed between your legs."

She points her finger at me and I suspect that when she opens her mouth, it's to argue but that's not what comes out. Instead she giggles, "Yeah, you're right."

"Just a minute," she calls out as she streaks from the bed to grab my shirt so she can put it on. "Go into the bathroom while I reassure Margaret that everything is okay," she whispers.

"This is ridiculous. You're going to be my wife in sixteen hours. I shouldn't have to sneak around like a teenager-especially in my own home."

"This isn't about you. It's about the idea your mother has for our perfect wedding day, so quit your whining and get your ass in there."

I growl as I throw back the covers so my raging erection and I can go hide in the bathroom. She puts her finger over her mouth. "Shh."

I hide out in the bathroom for a minute before she opens the door and comes in. "I told her I stubbed my toe and that's what the yelling was about. I'm not sure she believed me. I think she may have seen your clothes scattered on the floor. If she did, we're totally busted because she knows you're entirely too anal to have left a mess like that."

"She's probably at the guest house right now checking on me." I lift her onto the bathroom countertop and pull her to the edge. "She's gonna know the rooster's in the henhouse when she doesn't find me there, so we'd better hurry."

I push inside her and she gasps before she slaps me across my back. "What the f**k is that for?" I ask.

"You know my new birth control hasn't had time to start working and you keep doing this."

I forgot. "We both know you're the gambling kind. You like to roll the dice for your fate. I saw that when we were in Vegas."

I don't stop and she doesn't make me. "I think you're the one who likes to gamble when it comes to this."

"Maybe."

I grasp her hips and pound into her with as much force as she can stand. She brings her legs up and wraps them around my waist as she leans back against the mirror. I watch my reflection give it to her and I wish she could see it because it's so damn hot.

I pull out of her and step back. "Get down and turn around. I want you to watch this with me."

She slides off the countertop and spins around before leaning forward, just the way I want her. I place my c**k at her wet entrance and I watch her eyes in the mirror as I slide inside her. I never get to see her face when I'm giving it to her from behind, so this is new.

She's holding onto the granite edge and watching my face. "You like this, don't you?"

I pump her harder and she keeps perfect rhythm with me-but I would expect no less from a musician. "I'm not gonna lie. I love the f**k out of it."

I lean forward and kiss her back as I deliver those last few thrusts and then remember that her birth control isn't working yet. Dammit! I gotta pull out.

I don't want to do it, but I grab the hand towel and come into it. It's not nearly as satisfying as coming inside L., but I don't want her to be upset with me because she wants to avoid a pregnancy for the time being.

She's giving me the stare. "I thought we agreed to wait a while before we tried to get pregnant."

I'm standing there holding the evidence-a towel full of se**n-which is the opposite of me trying. "I pulled out. That doesn't qualify as me trying to get you pregnant. I would've reamed you good when I blew my load if that's what I was shooting for. Believe me-it would be jam-packed with little swimmers since it's been a few days."

"It can still happen even when you pull out, says the girl with the swollen belly." Funny one.

"I know and if it does, it just does. By the way, you should know now that I'm not using rubbers on our honeymoon. Forget it. It's not happening." There. She has her warning.

"I know. I have some other stuff, but it's useless if you don't give me a chance to put it in."

"Next time, babe. We won't be in a rush." We're trying to beat the Margaret alarm.

"Next time, I'll be your wife." Wow. I hadn't thought of that.

There's a pounding at the bedroom door, followed by my mum's voice. "I know you're in there, you little shit, and I'm giving you two minutes to shut it down, get dressed, and get out of there."

We look at each other in the mirror and laugh as we simultaneously say, "Busted."

Chapter Thirty-Five

I open my eyes and look at the clock. It's 6:37 on a Saturday morning, and Jack Henry's spot is already vacant. He's up earlier than usual on this weekend morning. The thought piques my curiosity, and then the reason for his absence strikes me.

It's our wedding day.

I put the pillow over my face so no one can hear me and I squeal at the top of my lungs. I can't believe this day is here. Jack Henry will be my husband later today.

I quickly change into something more presentable than Jack Henry's T-shirt and go into the kitchen. I hear someone there and peek around the corner to make sure it isn't my groom, although I'm certain he knows better than to be in this house with me today. Margaret sees me and laughs.

"He's not in here. He knows I'd beat him within an inch of his life if he set foot in this house today." I sit in my usual spot at the bar and can smell Margaret's freshly brewed cup of coffee. She holds it up. "Care for a cuppa?"

I don't know when it happened, but I acquired a taste for coffee somewhere along the way. It was probably while on the road with the band since that was the only thing available for a pick-me-up. "I'll take one, although it might not be a good idea to have caffeine on top of my nerves."

"It's okay to be nervous."

"Maybe nerves isn't the right word." Margaret is my mother-in-law now and the closest thing I have to a mom, so I can be honest with her about what I'm feeling. "I'm hurt because my mom wouldn't come. She's still mad because I left her and my career. When she told me she would never visit, I thought she was using it as leverage to make me stay, but I see now that she was serious. If she won't come for my wedding, then I don't ever see her visiting, either."

"I'm sorry, Laurelyn. I had hoped she would come, but don't ever think you don't have people who love you. Your parents will always be your parents, but we're your family too-not just Jack Henry. We'll always be here to take care of you because you're ours now, and we love you."

I feel the tears coming. "I know how important family is because I've never had one. I'm so happy I'm becoming a member of the McLachlans. I love each and every one of you."

Margaret blots her eyes with a napkin. "That's enough tears on your wedding day. You don't want your eyes to be red and swollen."

This is the happiest day of my life, and I won't let my mother's selfishness spoil it for me. It stops here. "You're right. I can't change the things I have no control over, so no more tears." I've shed too many of those and I have this wonderful life ahead of me now. From here on out, everything will be different with Jack Henry by my side.

"Your groom has a surprise for you. He arranged for all of us to have a morning at the spa. Our appointment is at nine."

That's my Jack Henry-always pampering me like a princess. It's what he promised me from the night of our first date and he hasn't disappointed me yet. "He loves to pamper me. I'm sure I have you to thank for that."

"I tried to teach him and Evan. I hoped they would mature into kind, thoughtful men who treated women with respect, so you can imagine my horror when Jack Henry told me about the arrangement he had with you."

Oh, shit! I hoped I'd never have this conversation with her. "Don't be upset with him. He didn't do it by himself. I agreed to everything."

"I'm glad it happened the way it did. That time apart showed each of you what you were missing by not being together. It's probably the best thing that could've happened to the two of you. I seriously doubt you'll ever want to spend a day apart again."

I think of all the days we've spent apart, and I know she's right. "No. I don't ever want to be away from him again. Ever."

Our morning at the spa was so relaxing. I'll have to remember to give Jack Henry a special thank-you for that tonight.

I'm sitting on a barstool in the middle of the bathroom floor and Addison is applying my makeup. She's fantastic at it and could've been a makeup artist if she'd wanted to be. She's working on my blush when a smile comes to my lips. I'm thinking about tonight, and it reminds me of the lingerie I've chosen. He's gonna love it. It's hot and innocent at the same time-just the way he likes me-and I can't wait to see his reaction.

"Why are you grinning like the cat that swallowed the canary?"

"You don't want to know."

"You're thinking about tonight." Am I that transparent?

"Yeah. Do you think it's going to feel different because he's my husband? It's not like we haven't had sex in almost every possible way imaginable."

"I'm the wrong one to ask, honey. You should ask Emma."

As if on cue, Em comes into the bathroom. "Ask me what?"

I feel silly asking someone about wedding-night sex. "I'm curious about something. It's no secret that my marital bed will not be a virginal one. Can I expect tonight to feel different with Jack Henry as my husband?"

She lifts her brows at my question. "Are you suggesting I wasn't a virgin when I married Evan?"

I feel the heat in my cheeks. "Oh, God. I'm sorry, Em. I didn't even think of that."

"I'm kidding, Laurelyn. I had been with Evan every possible way by the time we got married. I think it's a McLachlan thing," she laughs. "It's different but obviously not in a physical way. It's emotionally different-I don't really have the words to explain it. I think it's something you have to experience for yourself to understand."

"I think I'm more nervous about the sex than I am about the wedding. I want tonight to be different and special, but I'm scared it won't be because we've...tasted the nectar so often."

"I don't know what a virginal honeymoon is like so I can't compare the two, but I don't think either of you will be disappointed. Don't let it worry you."

Margaret appears in the doorway and lightly raps against the open door. "May I disturb you for a moment?"

"Of course."

"I didn't want to say anything this morning until I was a hundred percent positive, but I have a surprise for you." She's beaming as she steps aside.

Behind Margaret stand my mom and dad. And Nana and Pops too.

I'm out of my seat and in my mom's arms instantly. As much as she's done wrong, I forget it all in that moment because she's my mother and I'll always love her. "I can't believe you're here. Thank you for coming." I look at my dad and grandparents. "And you too. I'm shocked. I wasn't expecting this at all."

"Margaret called me last week. She said some things that made me come to my senses, and realize there was no way I could miss being here for you. I'd hate myself if I chose to miss my only child's wedding."

I mouth "thank you" to Margaret over my mom's shoulder and spend a few minutes catching up with my family before Addison boots them out so we can finish my hair and makeup. When she's done, there's no doubt in my mind that I've never looked better.

"Addison, you are amazing."

"It helps when you begin with a beautiful canvas."

"Thank you."

"And the finishing touch," she says as she secures the champagne floral piece to the back of my hair. It's tucked and pinned into a perfectly romantic updo, just above my neckline. "I'm glad you didn't go with some goofy-looking veil hanging down to your feet."

"It didn't matter if it was a church or vineyard wedding-that so wasn't happening."

She gives me a mirror so I can see what the back of my hair looks like with the floral embellishment. "What you chose is perfect. Are you ready to get into your dress? The photographer is waiting and you don't want to be in a rush to finish your bridal portraits before the ceremony."

"As ready as I'll ever be."

"You want your mom and Margaret in here to help?"

It wouldn't feel right if they weren't. "Yeah, I do."

After Addison retrieves them, I stand in my robe by the bed as they work to remove my dress from the garment bag. My mom sighs when she sees it. "Oh, Laurie. It's beautiful."

It is the most beautiful wedding dress I've ever seen. The perfect in-between shade of creamy vanilla lace over champagne charmeuse-something I never imagined myself choosing. I always thought lace was old-timey, but not in this case. It's a modern sleeveless trumpet gown with a romantic plunging-V neckline. My favorite part, and probably the reason I chose it, is the thick champagne sash around the waist adorned with a floral embellishment that matches the one in my hair.

I step into my gown and Addison pulls it up. I suck in so she can zip me because it's a little snug in the waist. "Sweetie, your seamstress didn't cut you any slack here."

I work to situate my cle**age. "No, she didn't. I said that I wanted it to be fitted and she did exactly as I told her, so I can't complain." It's even a little tighter in the chest than I thought it'd be.

"Jack's going to be a huge fan of the boobage you have going on here. They look great."

"I just hope I manage to not pop one-or both-out during the reception when we dance."

She reaches up and bounces them. "Nah, you're good. Those puppies aren't going anywhere."

I do a spin around and look at my mom and Margaret. "What do you think?"

Margaret, being the courteous person she is, allows my mom to speak first. "You're gorgeous, baby girl. Never doubt how proud I am of you or your decisions. Jack is a fine man and lucky to be making you his wife."

"You're a beautiful bride. Jolie will always be your mum, but I couldn't be more thrilled about being your other mother. You're one of my own from this day forward. Today you become Laurelyn McLachlan, my son's wife and the mother of my future grandchildren." Margaret puts her arms around and squeezes me. "I love you. But please, don't make me wait long on a baby."

"I don't think you have to worry about that," I laugh.

I see the surprised expression on her face. "Are you pregnant?"

"Not yet, but we've been talking about it. A lot. Jack Henry's done a one-eighty. He told me he never wanted children after we first met, and now almost every other conversation is about kids."

"I thought he'd never marry or want children, but then you came along and everything changed. You don't know how happy it makes me to know you're already talking about having sweet babies."

"Okay, ladies," Addison cuts in, "I hate to be the one to interrupt, but we need to get Laurie rolling with the photographer so she'll be on time marrying Jack Henry if she wants to get to work on having those babies you're talking about."

"She's right. It's not that long until the ceremony begins." My mom passes me the bouquet of white roses. "I love you, baby girl. Don't be nervous."

"I'm not. I can't be because everything is perfect." And it is. I'm marrying the man I love and every person who means something to me is here to witness and celebrate the beginning of our lives as Mr. and Mrs. Jack Henry McLachlan.

Chapter Thirty-Six

I'm waiting for my bride in the heart of Avalon under a grapevine canopy covered with white roses and sheer white fabric. When the carriage stops, I can easily see Jake and Addison, but Laurelyn is hidden from view behind her father. He steps down from the carriage to assist Addison and that's when I get my first look at her.

She's so beautiful, it takes my breath away.

I've always heard people say that, but it literally happens. She's proof of it. My chest is heavy like something is sitting on it. I inhale deeply because I'm so short of breath. My heart is racing and my palms are tingly. I make fists and release them because they feel so strange.

"Don't lock your knees, bro," Evan whispers in my ear.

"What?"

He leans over. "I see what you're doing with your hands. They're tingling because you're about to pass out. Unlock your knees."

"Oh."

I do as Evan says and shift my weight from side to side. "Now you look like you're doing Celia's pee-pee dance."

"Shut the f**k up." I turn to look at the minister because I know he heard me. "Sorry."

He shrugs as he shakes his head. Great. He thinks he's about to marry this beautiful woman off to a heathen.

The music begins and Addison walks the rose petal-covered aisle first. Celia is next and skips down the aisle, making a game of throwing petals on the path. She then barrels over to sit in Emma's lap instead of taking her spot next to Addison.

Our guests stand when the bridal chorus begins. I see Jake and Laurelyn at the other end of the path. Her arm is looped through her father's and they begin their walk toward us. I had no idea what her dress looked like or how she would wear her hair, but everything about her is perfect. I wouldn't change a thing.

Once the music stops, the minister says far too many words and then Jake finally hands Laurelyn off to me. She passes her bouquet of white roses to Addison and I take her hands in mine. I slowly rub my thumbs back and forth over the top of her hands as the minister speaks. I have no idea what he's saying because I only want to get to the part where he says, "I now present to you, Mr. and Mrs. Jack Henry McLachlan."

She squeezes my hands as my cue because it's time for me to say my vows. We decided to write our own because nothing about us has been traditional thus far-why would we start now?

I look into her caramel eyes. "Today I lay at your feet the man I've been so I may become the man you need me to be: your husband. Your lover. Your best friend. A father to our children. I promise to cherish and respect you, to care for and protect you, to comfort and encourage you, and stay with you for all eternity. I surrender my all to you this day and every one hereafter." Tears form in her eyes as I speak; I catch them with my thumb before they roll down her cheek.

The minister then asks Laurelyn to recite her vows and I'm surprised to see Chloe appear with L.'s Martin. She takes it from my sister and watches my face while drawing a deep breath and slowly releasing it. It takes a moment before I realize what's going on here-she's going to sing her vows to me. "I take you to be my best friend, my lover, my husband, and the father of our children. I will cherish our union and love you more each day than I did the day before. I will trust you and respect you, laugh with you and cry with you, loving you faithfully through good times and bad, regardless of the obstacles we may face together. I give you my hand, my heart, and my love from this day forward, for as long as we both shall live. You will always be every song I sing."

"That was beautiful, L....and so unexpected."

We exchange rings and the minister rambles on for too long as I anxiously wait to hear him tell me to kiss my bride. When he finally does, I do exactly what Laurelyn warned me not to do. I sweep her backward and pash her with all I have.

When I pull her up, I expect to be chastised but all she has for me is a big, beautiful smile. And then comes my favorite part.

"I now present to you, Mr. and Mrs. Jack Henry McLachlan."

We're in the air on the private jet I booked to Hawaii. Laurelyn has no idea where we're going, but I'm taking her to our newly acquired private estate on the beach in Maui. It's one of my wedding gifts to her, and I know she's going to love it. But not as much as the music studio the architect is in the process of planning for her. Music will always be a part of her life, and I won't have her give it up because she thinks it's the only way we can be together.

"Thank you again for having the guys fly down to play at the reception. It was a wonderful surprise, almost as good as Margaret surprising me with my family."

"You're so very welcome, love." I bring her hand to my lips. I can't seem to stop kissing her since we officially became husband and wife. "I didn't know your parents and grandparents were coming, and I wanted you to have someone there you considered family."

She brings our clasped hands to her mouth. "You are the best. I couldn't ask for more-unless you felt like telling me where we're going."

"Nope-only that we have almost eleven hours of flight time ahead of us." We're still buckled into our seats from takeoff, but I put my hand on her knee and begin sliding it up her leg. "What ever shall we do with all this time we have on our hands?"

She pushes my hand down her leg. "Jack Henry! You really have no shame, do you?"

"Were you really ever under the impression that I did, Mrs. McLachlan?"

"We've barely even gotten off the ground and the flight attendants could walk this way any minute."

The captain announces overhead that we are free to move about the cabin. I wag my eyebrows at my wife. "That means we can take this to the bedroom."

The flight attendants enter the cabin but I stop them in their tracks. "You may leave the food and champagne. We'll serve ourselves and call if we need anything."

"Yes, sir," they say in unison before exiting the cabin.

"Well, you're going to make this the easiest assignment they've ever had."

If I don't see them again, that'll be just fine. "That works for me."

I'm out of my seat and pulling her up from hers. "Come on, L. Let's consummate this marriage in the sky so it'll be something we'll never forget."

She rises from her seat. "You are something else."

"I think you've told me that before."

She stops at the door and puts her finger against my chest. "Can I at least have a minute to get ready?"

"So you can slip into something special for me?"

"Yes. And take care of the birth control issue before you have a chance to negate it since you've proven to be a repeat offender."

I lean forward and kiss her neck. "You know me so well, wife."

She pushes me away as she slides the door open. "Yes, I do, husband. I won't be long."

"I'll be in there in two minutes."

"That only gives me time to get out of this dress."

"Sounds perfect to me." I love teasing her.

"No. You'll come in when I tell you I'm ready, and not a minute before." She grins before she leans forward and gives me a quick kiss. "You're cute when you pout."

I stick my head inside the door before she closes it. "Hurry. I'm anxious to make you my wife in all ways."

She puts her hand on my chest and pushes me back. "Hold your horses."

"I can't help it. My horse is trying to get out of the barn. He wants to play with your mare."

She reaches down and runs her hand over the crotch of my pants. "Down, boy!" That doesn't encourage him to relax.

I step back inside and reach around to smack her on the ass. "He's a bad listener, so hurry!"

"Okay. Okay."

She almost has the door closed when I remember we didn't make a plan for how I'll know she's ready. "Hey! How will I know when you want me to come in?"

"I'll call out for you when I'm ready."

That plan has all kinds of holes in it. "What if I don't hear you?"

"You think you need to make a plan B? Really?"

"Yes. I can't calmly sit here unless I know I'm getting in when it's time."

She shakes her head. "Good grief. I'll open the door if you don't hear me. I won't let you sit out here in the cabin by yourself for ten hours if you don't come when I call for you. Promise."

I slap my palm on the door and growl, "Hurry. Please," as she slides the door closed. I can't help it. I've never been more ready to have her.

A minute passes and it feels like an eternity. I'm watching the time on my phone and I swear the numbers have never moved so slowly. We're at twelve minutes and I'm restless, so I get up and walk the cabin because I know she'll call for me any minute now.

Fourteen going on fifteen minutes in, and I finally hear her voice. "Mr. McLachlan...Come and get me."

Fuck! That took long enough, but I know she'll make it worth my wait.

I slide the door open and she's stretched across the bed on her side. She's wearing white bridal lingerie-satin and lace cups conceal her br**sts and sheer fabric veils her stomach, but I can still see her next-to-nothing knickers beneath. She rises to her knees and spins around to show me the back-a thong with a large satin bow sitting at the top. She swishes her bottom back and forth, causing the ties of the bow to swing, and looks over her shoulder at me.

"You like?"

"Fuck, no! I love!" I lock the door behind me and cross the room toward the bed. She turns around and meets me at the edge. I hold her face in my hands and kiss her slowly and gently because I'm about to do something I've never done before-make love to my wife. "You are the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. I don't know how I'm lucky enough to call you mine, Mrs. McLachlan."

"I love hearing you call me that."

"Good, because you're going to hear it a lot." I kiss the side of her face. "I'm going to say it every day." I move toward her neck. "And you're going to hear it every night."

"Promise?"

"I swear."

I examine the tie between her br**sts. "What happens if I give this a little tug?"

"I don't know. Maybe you should see."

I grasp the satin between my fingers and pull until the bow is untied and the front of her lingerie falls open. "Oops. I just made my wife's clothes fall off."

"Yeah, and you thought it'd take tequila to do that," she laughs.

"No, Mrs. McLachlan. I was never under the impression that tequila was needed for that."

She puts her hands on her hips. "Are you saying I'm easy?" she laughs.

"No. I'm saying you're always my sure thing."

I push the straps from her shoulders and the barely there top falls to the bed. I cradle her br**sts in my hands and rub her ni**les with my thumbs. "I wanted to do this so bad today when I saw the way these looked in your wedding dress. It was torture to not touch you. And then the reception in the wine cave...all I could do was think about hoisting you up on the table and diving head first under your dress."

She rubs her thumb over my bottom lip. "You and that mouth of yours."

"You love the things that come out of it."

I lower my mouth and take her nipple in between my teeth and run my tongue over the tip. "Yes, but I like when things go in it and against it too."

I give her a hard suck and break the suction with a loud pop. "Mrs. McLachlan. You're a feisty one tonight."

She begins with the top button of my shirt and works her way down. "You haven't seen feisty yet. But you're about to."

"Mmm...As much as I love your feisty side, I was hoping our first time as husband and wife might be something a little slower. And sweeter. We've done almost everything in the book, and I want tonight to be different. I want to make love to my wife."

She slows her fingers at work on my buttons. "Anything you want." When she unfastens the last one, she pushes my shirt from my shoulders onto the floor. She puts her palms on my chest and rubs them over my ni**les, hardening them. "You're beautiful. I hope our babies look like you."

"And I hope they look like their mother with her golden-brown eyes." I pull her close and press my forehead to hers. "I mean every word of my vows. Everything I've been, I am, or will ever be, I surrender it all to you."

"You're surrendering your all to me, and I can't think of anything more beautiful than that. I once thought of you as my beauty from pain-when I thought I'd never see you again-but you're something entirely different. You're my beauty from surrender because that's what you're doing-relinquishing the person you once were to give yourself to me wholeheartedly. And I love you so much for it. I couldn't think of a better gift to give your bride."

I kiss her mouth slowly. It's true; I am a different man because of how much I love this woman. She's my everything and that's what I plan to give her-everything her heart desires. All she has to do is want something and it will become hers. I have so many wonderful things planned for our future together, and this is only the beginning-today is the start of our happily ever after.

I kiss her mouth slowly. It's true; I am a different man because of how much I love this woman. She's my everything and that's what I plan to give her-everything her heart desires. All she has to do is want something and it will become hers. I have so many wonderful things planned for our future together, and this is only the beginning-today is the start of our happily ever after.

