Chapter One

I paused at the doorway to the Park Avenue high-rise and stared at the building's name engraved on the stone. The Bowery. Jordan had already pulled away from the curb behind me. He probably felt I was safe enough to be left with the doorman who held the door for me while I stood frozen in thought.

This was real, a big step-a giant step-moving deeper into Hudson's life than anyone had ever been before. I was excited, of course. I loved the man. But did I really even know him? Could I truly love him based on the little I knew about him? His address had been a mystery to me until two minutes ago when his driver had dropped me off. And what would I find inside the building? What was inside Hudson Pierce, behind the mask he wore so well?

I felt like I'd seen the true Hudson, like I was probably the only person in the world who truly had, but I'd barely scratched the surface. There was still so much left to uncover and learn about the young business mogul who had captured my heart.

I also knew that Hudson held secrets. He'd abandoned his mind games and predilection for manipulating women before meeting me, but the possibility of his past habits returning was very real. As real as the possibility of mine returning.

And that was the fear that overwhelmed me most-that I might be driven to my old habits of obsession. Of all the relationships I'd destroyed with my stalking and unfounded jealousy, I knew that f**king this one up would destroy me. Thankfully, so far, I had felt fixed with Hudson. Only time would tell if that would last.

The doorman looked at me, an anxious expression on his face-should he continue holding the door open for the crazy indecisive woman, or should he let it go?

I eased him with a smile. "I'll be just a minute."

He returned the smile with a nod and closed the door.

Taking a deep breath, I looked toward the top floor where Hudson's apartment was surely located-I didn't even know his unit number. Was he awake up there? Was he looking for me from his window? Could he see me down here, hesitating?

He said he'd be sleeping, but it was that last idea that gave me the courage to move. I wouldn't put it past him to wait up for me and I didn't want him to suspect I felt any doubt at all. Because I didn't have doubts. Not about him. My doubts were about me, about whether I could handle us. And truly, if I let my hopes take root-hopes that I could finally have a real relationship with another person without losing myself to the fears and unhealthy habits of my obsessive past-then even those doubts were superficial.

The doorman smiled again as I stepped toward him, opening the door for me. Inside, another man sat at the security desk in front of the elevators.

"Ms. Withers?" he asked before I had a chance to give him my name.

I shouldn't have been surprised. Hudson said he'd leave a key for me at the desk and it was three-thirty in the morning. Who else would I be?

I nodded.

"Mr. Pierce left you this key. Both elevators on the left will take you to the penthouse. Simply insert the key into the panel when you get inside."

"Thank you."

The doors opened the minute I pushed the call button. Inside the elevator car, my hand shook as I inserted the key in the panel, and I was grateful to no longer be in sight of the security guard. The ride to the penthouse was fast, but not fast enough. As soon as I'd squashed down my trepidation, the emotion had been replaced with eagerness. I wanted to be in Hudson's space, in his arms. I wanted to be with him and even the minute that it took to arrive at the top floor was too long to be away from him.

The doors of the elevator opened into a small vestibule. I stepped out and turned the only direction I could, finding myself in a foyer. The space was quiet, but I could hear the sound of a clock ticking somewhere nearby, and there were very few lights on. I suspected the bedrooms were to my left, because my right opened up to a large living room with floor-to-ceiling windows.

As anxious as I was to find Hudson, I turned instead into the living room, attracted by the gorgeous view. Before I made it to the windows, though, a lamp flipped on and I saw him sitting in an armchair.

Startled, my mouth fell open and then stayed open as I ogled the gorgeous man dressed only in boxer shorts. The definition of his sculpted chest quickened my heart before my gaze caught his gray eyes through the flop of his brown hair in the dim light. I'd never seen him in boxer shorts, and damn, had I been missing out. It struck me again how little I knew him, but this time the thought didn't scare me-it excited me. How much more there was to discover about this man, and I was ready to dive in and explore.

Yet, the excitement didn't ease the awkwardness, the anxiety. This was new territory, and I didn't know how to proceed. Certainly, Hudson felt the same.

My hand held tight to my purse while the other absentmindedly clutched at the blue fabric of my dress, a short A-line that hedged the border of professional and sexy. It was the type of outfit I always wore at The Sky Launch, the nightclub where I worked as an assistant manager. The nightclub Hudson owned. The place I'd met him.

A memory flashed through my mind of the first time I'd seen him sitting at the end of the club's bar, of how he took my breath away. I'd known then I should've run. But I didn't. And now, I couldn't be more grateful.

He took my breath away now like he did then. With a meek smile, I braved breaking the silence. "You're awake."

"I thought it would be best to be waiting for you when you got here so that you wouldn't be disoriented."

"But you should be sleeping." As president of Pierce Industries, a multi-billion dollar company, his hours conflicted with mine at the club. Coming over in the middle of the night, when his daily wake-up time was six in the morning-what was I doing? How could our two very separate lives ever be compatible?

No, I wouldn't think that way. That was an excuse to deny myself happiness. And Hudson and I both deserved some happiness, for once in our lives.

The object of my desire stood and crossed to me, lifting the hand that held my purse. "I slept. Now I'm awake." That simple touch quieted my trepidation to a dull buzz, easy to ignore under the thud of my heart. That's what Hudson did to me, overwhelmed and astounded me in such a beautifully delicious way.

He took my purse from me and moved to set it on the end table.

Without his contact, my nerves returned and mindless small talk slipped from my lips. "I've never been in a penthouse before. Unless you count the loft." The loft above his office, the place where he'd f**ked me to oblivion. Thank god the dark room hid my blush. "This is beautiful, H."

"You've barely seen any of it." He didn't cringe at my absurd nickname for him. Perhaps he was getting used to it.

"But what I can see..." My eyes scanned the expansive living room, noting the ornate detail of the architecture and the simplicity of the styling. "It's incredible."

"I'm glad you like it."

"It's much different than I expected. Not like the loft. That's what I thought it would be like." The loft was black and leather, masculine and strong. This place was white and light-I could tell that even in the low glow of the lamp and the moon.

"Alayna."

My name on his tongue sent goose bumps to the surface of my skin. How could he still do that to me? Turn me on with only a word? Turn me into knots so easily?

"The furniture is so different, too." Nervousness drove me to talk, avoiding the connection we'd make the minute I gave in. I stepped toward the white sofa and ran my hand across the expensive upholstery. "But Celia decorated this place too, right?"

His voice tightened. "She did."

Celia Werner, his childhood friend and ex-fiancee. Well, not really, but practically. Why had I brought her up? Was I trying to destroy us? Celia had been a constant source of tension in our relationship since Hudson had hired me to convince his mother that we were together. Sophia Pierce, believing her son was incapable of love, thought a pairing with the daughter of her good friends the Werners was a perfect match for Hudson. Even if he couldn't feel anything for her, Celia could at least keep him in line-keep him from getting in trouble with his addictions.

Except it turned out Hudson could love. And during our ruse, he'd fallen in love with me.

Still, Hudson had something with Celia, a bond that fueled my jealousy. Deflecting, I moved to the windows. "The view here... "

"Alayna."

I pressed my face against the glass and looked down to the world far below. "It's gorgeous."

Hudson came up behind me, his warmth emanating against my back even though he hadn't yet touched me. "Alayna, look at me."

Slowly, I turned to him.

He lifted my chin up, forcing me to meet his eyes. "You're nervous. Don't be. I want you here."

His words were the consolation I needed, sending calm over every part of my worry like a blanket smothering a fire. "Are you sure?" I'd been eased, but I wanted more where that came from. "You've never brought a woman here before, have you? It's weird, isn't it?"

His thumb stroked my cheek, my skin awakening under his caress. "It's different, because I haven't brought a woman here, but it's not weird. And I am completely sure that I want you to be here."

I thrilled at the confirmation that I was the first woman he'd allowed in, the first woman he'd make love to in this house. "Me, too. I mean, I'm sure that I want to be here." His gaze burned into me. I could get lost there forever and that scared me just enough.

Looking for a way to keep myself, for only a moment longer, I glanced over at the room connected to the living room. "What's over there? Is that the dining room?"

"I'll give you a tour in the morning." He brought his other hand up to cradle my face, capturing my eyes again with his.

"A tour in the morning," I repeated. And there I went-lost to him. "But not now."

"No, not now. Now I want to welcome you to my home." His mouth crashed into mine, taking me to dizzying heights that put the view behind me to shame. His lips sucked my own before his tongue slid inside my mouth with delicious strokes that threw me off balance, provoking me to throw my arms around his neck and hold on for dear life.

He moved a hand from my face to wrap around my waist and pulled me into him where I could feel his erection against my thigh through the thin material of his boxers. His other hand reached behind my head to tangle in my hair. I pressed my br**sts into him, needing to feel him with every part of my body.

A moan caught in the back of Hudson's throat, vibrating underneath our kiss and kindling the desire in my belly. I shifted, trying to get closer, my leg antsy to hook around him.

His lips still wrapped around mine, he said, "I do have one room I want to show you tonight."

"I hope it's the bedroom."

"It is." In a blur of motion, he lifted me in his arms and headed back to the foyer I'd come from. Just like that he carried me away, the movement imitating the effect he had on me in general-with him, I was a branch in a roaring river, rushing toward the sea. And Hudson, he was the current, pulling me whichever way he wanted to take me. I was at his mercy.

He'd promised me that he wouldn't play his manipulative games with me, that he'd never try to control me. But it was a promise he couldn't keep. He swept me away with him whether he intended to or not. And that was perfectly fine with me.

He carried me through the foyer, kissing me as he did until we reached the end of the hallway where he turned into what had to be the master bedroom. My attention still entirely on him, I only registered that he was laying me on a king-size bed, the light gray sheets disheveled on one side, the left side. His side. The intimacy of being in the place that Hudson slept, had slept in earlier that evening, shot a pang of need to my already aching core. I wanted him on me and in me, not standing above me gazing down with hooded eyes.

He'd take his time with me though, and there was no use disputing his tempo. There was no reason to dispute. Though a dominant lover, he always focused his attention on my needs, always attended to me in the ways he knew best. And god, did he know me best, knew how to turn my body boneless and sated, knew how to arouse and love me, even when I didn't.

His hand lagged down the length of my leg to my ankle where he removed my strappy sandal with a gentleness that had me writhing. He repeated the action with my other shoe, then knelt over me to deliver a brief kiss. I reached up to pull him in for more, but he resisted.

"Last time we went quickly. This time I need to savor you." Last time had been fast and fraught, a reprieve mid-argument, on the new couch in the manager's office at The Sky Launch, and he hadn't left me with any complaints. But being savored sounded pretty damn awesome, too.

With a trail of wet kisses, he made his way down my body to the hem of my dress. With a wicked gleam in his eyes, he shoved the material up around my waist, placing a kiss on the center of my want.

A moan escaped my lips and he chuckled softly. His fingers slipped under the band of my panties, pulling them off and tossing them aside. He hooked my leg over his shoulder and then his mouth was back on me, licking and sucking greedily at the bundle of nerves between my thighs.

I was already delirious from pleasure when he slipped two fingers inside me, probing and twisting until he pulled my orgasm from me with ease. I shuddered and quaked while he climbed up to reclaim my mouth where he kissed me with deep hunger.

The soft sounds he made as he devoured me, the taste of me on his tongue, the jab of his c**k in my thigh-it was only half a minute before the tightness built again in my belly, ready for another ride up the hill to ecstasy. Drawn to touch him, my hand found his c**k and rubbed it through his underwear.

His mouth broke from mine with a groan. I nudged at him to roll to his side while I continued to stroke him. "Boxers? Do you wear these often?"

"To bed."

"I like them. I've never seen you in them." My hand slipped inside the opening of his shorts, marveling as I always did at the softness of his thick shaft in my hand, at the heat rolling off his skin.

"Because when I go to bed with you-" His voice broke as I ran my hand across his crown. "I wear nothing."

"Oh, yeah. I like that even better." It was my turn to slip my hand into the band of his underwear and pull them down his strong legs, my eyes pinned on the gorgeous sight of his erection as I did.

As soon as his boxers hit the floor, he drew me to him again. "I like it when you're wearing nothing." His fingers were already tugging my dress up over my belly. "You need to be wearing nothing right now."

"I won't argue." I sat up to help him pull the outfit over my head. He tossed the dress aside and his hands circled around me to unhook my bra, freeing my br**sts. Then he was stretched out over me, his penis hot at my entrance for only a second before he plunged inside of me, penetrating me, stretching me, filling me the way only he could.

He turned to his side, taking me with him, and I wrapped a leg around him, urging him deeper. He'd wanted to savor me, but either he changed his mind or he couldn't contain himself, unleashing his passion with rapid thrusts. Each time he drove in, he hit a tender spot that made me crazy, drawing another cl**ax to surface, starting in my core, tightening my thighs, traveling down to curl my toes as it rolled through my body.

Hudson continued his assault, increasing his speed until he grunted out his own release. He collapsed, still inside me, and gathered me in his arms to spread kisses down my face-an unusually tender gesture from the guarded man I'd grown to love. I delighted in the sweetness of it.

"Did I mention that I'm awfully glad you're here?" he asked, breaking his sentence to continue his trail of kisses.

Hearing those words meant everything. I recognized it as Hudson's version of I love you. He hadn't brought himself to say it to me directly-he was too new to the emotion, and I didn't expect it. Though he had accepted it earlier in the evening when I'd informed him that I knew he was in love with me, and he hadn't freaked when I told him I was in love with him.

Still, I didn't fool myself into thinking we'd have instant hearts and roses. Baby steps. Saying how he felt at all was a step in itself. That it included how he felt about me equaled two steps in my book.

I ran my hand through his hair as his mouth lowered to my neck. "You did say it. And if you hadn't, I think I figured it out." I waggled my eyebrows to make sure he knew I was referring to what had just occurred physically. "But you can tell me as many times as you'd like." In as many different ways as you'd like, I added silently.

He shifted over me and sucked further down my body, heading toward my br**sts. Obviously, we were already headed for round two. "I'm glad you're here, precious." He tugged my nipple between his teeth then eased the sting with a swirl of his tongue.

I drew in a deep breath, delighting in the mix of pleasure and pain as he showered my other breast with the same attention. His nickname for me, precious, floated through my mind as his mouth licked at my skin. He'd called me that since our first sexual encounter, nearly two weeks before. Had it only been that long? And had it only been another week before that when I'd first met him at the club, when I didn't yet know he was the Hudson Pierce? It already seemed like a lifetime. The term of endearment he used for me had held weight from the first moment he'd said it. But we'd only just met then. Maybe it didn't have as much meaning as I attributed to it.

Curiosity overtook me even though my body was already vibrating under his ardor. "Why do you call me that, anyway?"

He answered without looking up from my bosom. "Because you are."

"You started calling me precious before you could ever possibly know."

"Not true." He propped his elbow up on the bed and leaned his head on his hand. "I knew the minute I first saw you."

For a brief second I thought he meant at the bar-the first night I had seen him. Then I remembered he'd seen me nearly two weeks before that when I was still working on my MBA and he'd been in the audience during my graduate symposium. I hadn't found out about that until later, and he'd barely told me anything about it.

I propped my torso up on my elbows and eagerly waited for him to continue.

"You were on that stage at Stern," he said, his hand stroking along the dip and curve of my waist to my hip. "When you started your presentation, you were nervous. It took you a few minutes to fall into the rhythm of your speech. But when you hit your stride, you were magnificent. Yet you had no idea. It was completely obvious that it never crossed your mind that the room was full of people who would have hired you had you spoken to any of them. Thank god, you didn't. Because I watched them watch you and I knew. I knew that they saw you were smart. They saw you had business savvy. But none of them recognized the rare jewel that stood before them. Precious."

Tears stung at the corners of my eyes. No one had ever seen me like that, no had ever even looked. Not my parents before they died or my brother, Brian, or any of the men I'd ever dated or obsessed over. No one.

"I love you, Hudson." It was out before I could think not to say it, before I could worry about him freaking like he had the first time I'd voiced my feelings for him. I wouldn't have been able to keep the words inside if I'd wanted to-they were always at the surface now, at risk of tumbling off my tongue at any given moment. If we were going to make a relationship work, we'd both have to get comfortable with it.

My eyes never left his while he processed my declaration.

Then, in a flash, he covered his body with mine. Bracing one hand under my neck, he circled my nose with his. "You can tell me that as many times as you like," he said, repeating my earlier words.

"I plan on it." But it came out mumbled, lost inside his mouth as his lips overtook mine, and we expressed our emotions with our tongues and hands and bodies and a slew of other ways that didn't require talking.

Chapter Two

Awareness of movement in the room woke me the next morning. I opened my eyes and saw Hudson adjusting his tie in front of the dresser mirror, his back to me. He had yet to put on his jacket so I had a full view of his tight behind. God, that man could wear a suit. He could wear nothing as easily. I wasn't choosy.

He met my eyes in the mirror and a slight smile graced his lips. "Good morning."

"Morning. I'm enjoying the view."

"So am I."

I blushed and pulled the sheet up over my na**d body. The room seemed awfully light for as early as it had to be. "What time is it?" I glanced around for a clock and found none.

"Almost eleven." He finished with his tie-a silver patterned one that brought out his eyes-and opened a drawer, retrieving a pair of dress socks.

Eleven? Hudson was usually at work before eight. "Why are you still here? Shouldn't you have made half a million dollars by now?"

"Half a billion," he said, straight-faced, as he sat on the bed next to me. "But they don't need me for that. I canceled my morning."

"When did you do that?" I was mesmerized with watching him put on his socks. It shouldn't be so sexy to watch a man get dressed, yet my belly tightened and my girl parts started humming.

"Last night. Before you got here."

"Smart thinking." His invitation to spend the night in his penthouse had come at the beginning of my shift at The Sky Launch. I'd obsessed about it the entire evening, but being at work, there was nothing I could do to prepare for it. I didn't even have a change of clothing or a toothbrush. It hadn't occurred to me that Hudson would have used the time to get ready for my arrival. But of course he did. He was a very organized man, a planner with a fine attention to detail.

And since two rounds of lovemaking had transpired, we hadn't gone to sleep until nearly six in the morning. Canceling his morning was good planning indeed.

I yawned and stretched my arms over my head, the sheet falling below my br**sts as I did.

Socks on, Hudson stood and peered down at me, his eyes clouding as he perused my na**d body. "Fuck, Alayna, you're making me want to cancel my afternoon, too. And I can't cancel my afternoon."

I grinned. "Sorry." But I wasn't. Hudson could make me wet from across a crowded room. It was nice to think I had some of the same power over him. "Um, I need to get up. Is that going to be too...distracting?"

He narrowed his eyes at me then turned and disappeared into a closet returning with a cream robe. "Here."

I took the robe from him, not bothering to put it on until I was standing.

"You're a wicked, wicked woman," he said as he watched me pull the garment around myself.

"And you love it."

Without acknowledging my statement, he nodded toward a closed door. "The bathroom's there. There should be brand new toothbrushes in one of the drawers. Look around until you find what you need."

"Thank you." I crossed to him and gave him a peck on the cheek before making my way to the bathroom to pee.

It hadn't been a cuddly afterglow morning like we'd spent together at Mabel Shores, his family's summerhouse in the Hamptons. But this was Hudson-aloof and compartmentalized. He was focused on getting to work, and, to his credit, he'd been pretty hospitable considering.

I found the toothbrush easily; as he'd said, there was a drawer full of them. While I brushed, I wondered about that. What was with the surplus? Did he simply want to always be prepared, in case he needed a new one? Maybe he believed toothbrushes should be disposable. He certainly could afford that attitude.

Or did he have them for overnight guests? Female overnight guests, to be precise.

I might have decided I was being paranoid, except it wasn't only the toothbrushes. Now that I looked around, there was floral scented deodorant by one of the sinks with a bottle of women's face cream and another bottle of moisturizer next to it.

And the robe-the woman's robe that I was wearing at that very moment -where had that come from?

A chill ran down my spine. I tightened the sash around myself, despite my growing concern that I was wearing clothing that belonged to someone else. To another woman. Another woman in Hudson's life.

Okay, okay. No need to panic. Maybe there had been other women before me at the penthouse. That was fine. Not wonderful, but fine. I just wished he hadn't lied about it. And why had he lied about it?

I opened the moisturizer and brought the bottle to my nose. It smelled fresh and familiar-was that the scent Celia wore?

Now I was being ridiculous. Paranoid, even. Knowing that didn't change the sick, angry emotion rooting through my gut. It was a feeling I'd once been very intimate with. The driving force of most of the unhealthy behaviors I'd acted upon in the past. Behaviors I did not want to relive.

I had to get calm, handle the situation constructively. I forced myself to count to ten. In between each number I repeated the mantra I'd learned in counseling: when in doubt, talk it out. One, when in doubt, talk it out. Two, when in doubt, talk it out.

Yeah, easier said than done.

By the time I reached four, the mantra had turned into when in f**king doubt and still I was very much doubting.

But that was my tendency, my go-to in all of my relationships. I jumped to conclusions-conclusions that very often were way off-base and unfounded. Late nights at work meant another girlfriend. Mysterious phone calls meant cheating. With my previous boyfriends, I never asked. I assumed. I accused.

Not this time. This time I would be different. Even though the evidence suggested that Hudson had lied to me, I couldn't accept that as fact. I would have to ask him about it.

I scrubbed my face clean with the facial cream, hoping that stalling before I talked to Hudson would relieve the simmer of fury. After patting my face dry with a hand towel, I convinced myself that I was together enough to address him and started out of the bathroom, grabbing the cream and moisturizer to take with me as evidence.

So, maybe collecting evidence was more of an attack than a discussion tactic. As long as I didn't end up throwing them, I considered it an improvement on my past.

Hudson wasn't in the bedroom when I came out, so I made my way out through the apartment until I found him in the kitchen. He'd donned his suit jacket now, and he stood at the kitchen table, reading the paper as he drank from a mug.

He looked up when I appeared. "I made you some-"

"Why do you have all this stuff?" Though I'd cut him off, I was pretty sure my question sounded more curious than accusatory. Hopefully.

"What stuff?"

"This stuff." I set the bottles on the table in front of him. All right, maybe it was closer to a slam. "And you have a plethora of toothbrushes and this woman's robe. Why do you have a woman's robe?"

His eyes narrowed and he took a sip from his beverage before answering. "I have more than the robe. I have several pieces of women's clothing in the extra closet in my bedroom."

"That's not helping." The panic I thought I had smothered deep inside worked its way up my throat, tightening my voice. "You told me you never had a woman here before."

"Do I detect a hint of jealousy?"

The gleam in his eye unleashed me. "You detect more than a f**king hint. Also, a whole lot of suspicion. Come on, H, this isn't any way to start a relationship. If you've had a woman here-if this is someone else's clothing I'm wearing-I need to know." My eyes burned, but I managed to keep them pinned on him.

Hudson set his mug down and turned his whole body toward me.

I kept my hand on the table, bracing myself for whatever excuse he'd give. What he said-if he chose to speak the truth, if I chose to believe him-it could make or break us.

"They're yours, Alayna."

"What?" That, I wasn't expecting.

"I purchased them for you. Except the toothbrushes. My housekeeper buys me those so I have plenty for when I travel. The clothing and cosmetics are yours."

Mine?

No, it wasn't possible.

I swallowed. "When did you get them?" Had he been planning for me to be there before he invited me? Or was this part of the scam we'd tried to pull on his mother, a piece of proof that we were a couple should anyone look in his closet?

"Last night after I left the club."

Last night. "But that was almost eight." He'd left me at the start of my shift. That couldn't have possibly been enough time to arrange anything. "How did-"

"I understand what it looks like," he cut me off. "There's likely still a tag on the robe if you..." He reached his hand inside my collar and tugged. "Yes, see?" He held up a tag, the price-an extravagant price for a robe-listed boldly under the size.

I glanced over at the cosmetic bottles again. They were completely full, seemingly unused. I hadn't realized that in my heated emotion. But, still, I had questions. "Why? How...?"

"Why? Because I knew you'd have nothing to wear today and I didn't want you to have to do the so-called walk of shame through my lobby. Plus I figured you'd want to wash that club makeup off your face and freshen up a bit. As for how...I have people."

I ran my hands through my hair. "You have people." The tension in my shoulders relaxed slightly as I processed what he'd said. He'd left me at work and then he'd prepared. As he always prepared. He'd canceled his morning. He'd arranged to have clothing for me. Even at that late hour, Hudson managed to make arrangements. Because he had people.

"Mirabelle?" I asked. Hudson's sister, Mira, owned her own boutique. She knew my size, knew what I'd look good in.

"Yes." He cocked his head. "And others."

Others like the same people he had launder and deliver my undies within a couple of hours when I'd left them at his office one time. Like Jordan who was always available to drive me to and fro at the drop of a hat. I'd known he had others.

"Oh." A medley of emotions washed over me as I let the pieces settle into place. I was relieved to find my jealousy was unfounded and delighted to realize how much thought Hudson had put into my arrival at his apartment. I was also touched to know he was serious about wanting our relationship to work, because didn't this type of preparation show sincerity?

But then I also felt embarrassed. And ashamed. I'd overreacted, and even though I hadn't gone crazy like I would have in the past, I felt the seed of it inside. It scared me. Scared me to know Hudson saw it too.

I lowered my eyes to my hands where I wrung the sash of the robe anxiously. "It must be nice to have people," I mumbled. "I want people." Silly, senseless words, but they were all I had.

Hudson lifted my chin to meet his stare. "I want you."

The look on his face-he wasn't upset by my outburst at all. Other men had been scared away by similar unfounded accusations. But Hudson-not only did his expression show an absence of fear, it showed hunger, desire. Almost as though my paranoia was a turn-on.

"You have me," I whispered.

He took the sash from my hands and pulled the knot free. "I want you right now." His hand wrapped around my breast, squeezing as his thumb flicked across my nipple.

"Oh, you want me, want me."

"Uh-huh." He shifted me so my backside was against the table. Flattening his palm between my br**sts, he pushed me down; the surface of the table met hard with my backside and a brief flash of worry about spilling his coffee and breaking the cosmetic bottles entered my mind.

"And I want you now."

Fuck the coffee. Let it spill.

Hudson nudged me back so that my bottom met up with the edge of the table, scooting the bottles out of the way with his arm as he did. I was laid out before him now, my robe open to expose the most intimate parts of me.

His eyes darkened as he rubbed his hands in long strokes from my belly up to my br**sts and back again. Then they went lower, to the center of my desire.

"I could stare at your pu**y all day long." His fingers slid through my folds and circled my hole.

"Don't you have to be somewhere?" My voice didn't sound like mine, breathy and needy and desperate.

And what the hell was I doing? I didn't want him to leave. I didn't want him to stop. Please, god, don't let him stop.

"I do have someplace to be. We'll have to be quick." His hands left me to work on opening his pants. "But I'm not leaving here without f**king you good morning."

I may have sighed out loud in anticipation.

Leaning up on my elbows, I watched as Hudson adjusted his pants and briefs enough to free his stiff cock. A sight I'd never tire of. And it was all mine, only mine.

Another random worry crossed my mind. "Your housekeeper isn't going to walk in on us, is she?"

"She comes on Tuesday and Friday. If I'm not mistaken, it's Wednesday." He grabbed my ankles and bent my legs up. "And if she did walk in, would you care?"

He thrust in.

"No," I gasped. Right then I didn't care about anything but the man in front of me. The man inside me. The man who wanted me, wanted me in his house, wanted me in his bed. Wanted me in his life despite my shortcomings.

Hudson pulled out and pressed back in, again and again, the sturdy table rocking with the force of his jabs. He adopted a rapid tempo, apparently serious about the have to be quick. At this rate, he'd be there soon.

He adjusted his grip on my ankles and folded my knees into my chest, the new position bringing him deeper inside me. "Touch yourself, precious." His voice was tight with effort to hold on. "Let's come together."

Without hesitation, I moved my hand to rub my clit, swirling the bud at a speed that matched his. I'd done this before-played with myself for his viewing pleasure. It was a turn-on for him, based on how quickly it always brought him to release.

It was a turn on for me, too. To see the pleasure in his face, to feel his drive increase as I writhed and moaned at my own touch-there was nothing hotter. Already, I was tightening, clenching around him.

"That's it, Alayna." His face contorted. "Fuck, that's... it..." His voice broke as he came, shoving deeper into me as his cl**ax erupted.

My hand fell to the table, my body numb.

He smiled as he pulled out. "How was that?"

He knew the answer. The perv wanted to hear me say it.

I grinned. "You can f**k me good morning anytime you want."

"I wouldn't mind f**king you good morning every morning." He reached behind him to grab a paper towel off the kitchen counter while I pretended not to read a million things into his statement. I continued to pretend while he cleaned himself up and did up his pants.

He raised his brows and gestured toward me. For a moment I thought he might know what I was thinking-how being with him every morning implied living with him, how that was too soon, how I never thought anything was too soon because I was an obsessive freak who wanted to cling, how I was ultimately unable to handle such a proposition with my history.

Then I realized he was simply asking if I needed the paper towels, too. "I'm jumping in the shower." Shit, he hadn't said I could stay. "If that's okay, I mean." Was it totally inappropriate for me to ask if I could lounge around his place while he went to work? Because until that very second, that's exactly what I had planned.

Hudson reached his hand out to help me down from my perch. Reaching around me, he grabbed the ends of my sash and tied it at my waist. "It's more than okay. I want you to stay. I planned that you would stay." Which meant I would likely find women's shampoo and conditioner in the shower, too.

Hudson's phone buzzed and he pulled it out of his suit pocket to read his text message. "My driver's here. Seems I used up the time I meant to spend giving you the penthouse tour."

I shrugged. "Whoops."

"You'll have to explore on your own." He walked to the kitchen sink and washed his hands.

"Are you giving me permission to snoop? Because it sounds like you are and you don't understand-I'm a snooper."

He chuckled. "I don't doubt it. I have nothing to hide. Snoop away. Use the gym. Take a nap. There's food in the fridge. Do and take whatever you like. You work at eight tonight?"

"Yes." I'd stopped being surprised by Hudson's omniscient way of knowing my schedule. It was the sort of thing I'd usually do-memorize a guy's schedule, find out all the details of his life. It was kind of nice to be on the other side of that for once.

"Good. I'll make sure I'm home by six." Home. He said it like it was our place, not his. Another ping of anxiety stabbed at my chest. "We'll have dinner together before you leave."

"I hope you aren't expecting me to cook." Or to not latch on.

"Don't be silly. I'll arrange for the cook to come."

I nodded, my insides turned into knots by Hudson's easiness about our relationship.

"Oh, and the books for the library should be here today. There's an intercom there." He pointed to the wall by the light switch. "And one in the hallway by the elevators and a third one in the bedroom. When security buzzes up, you can approve the delivery and the guard will let them up."

"Sure thing." Trusting me with intercoms and security...this was getting bigger by the minute. "Wait, books?"

"Yes, I ordered a few books. Since you said it was your favorite part of the library."

"Right." It had been part of our charade for his mother. She didn't believe I had ever been to Hudson's penthouse and, of course, I hadn't. Meaning to trick me, she'd asked me what my favorite room was. I had said the library. An avid reader, the library was a natural room for me to choose, and I mentioned my love of books to Sophia. Apparently, though, Hudson's library didn't have any books.

Not at the time, anyway. "I still feel somehow tricked about that whole thing, by the way. But when did you have a chance to order them?"

The conversation had only taken place on Sunday when we'd been at his parent's place in the Hamptons. The day I voiced for the first time that I was falling in love. The day before he'd left me alone with his family while he went to try to save one of his companies, Plexis, from being sold.

"I ordered them Monday night from my hotel. After the deal with Plexis." His voice held the slightest hint of disappointment when he said the name of his company. His disappointment mirrored how I was suddenly feeling. "What is it?"

I considered saying nothing, but the talk it out mantra replayed in my head. "It's silly, but I'd convinced myself you hadn't called me or anything because you didn't have time. But it seems you did." Hudson had left me without anything but a brief text. He didn't call or contact me until more than a day later. I had believed we were over then. I'd been devastated and heartbroken. Now I found he was ordering books when he could have been calling me? "Like I said, it's silly."

Hudson tugged me into his arms. "I was trying to not be with you at the time, Alayna. But I couldn't sleep that night. Because I couldn't stop thinking about you." He kissed me on the forehead as I furrowed my brow. "Tell me-what's going on in there?"

"It's just..." How could I express the myriad of emotions that I'd been through that morning? Especially this growing fear tugging at my gut-this fear that anything that seemed too good to be true usually was.

I took a shaky breath. "You've made a complete one-eighty, Hudson. About you and me. You were so intent to be only sex only half a day ago. And now...who are you?" It scared me. It made me doubt what he felt. It made me wonder if he was playing games with me.

Hudson cupped my face in his hands and pierced me with his deep gray eyes. "Don't do that. I mean it."

He widened his eyes, making sure I was with him.

I was.

"I'm the same man, Alayna. A man who commits to whichever plan he's chosen. I had told myself I couldn't have you. So I didn't let myself even try."

"And now you've let yourself." I said it like a statement, but it was really a question. A question that I absolutely needed answered.

"Yes. And I will commit to this new plan as fiercely as the other. Even more fiercely. Because that plan was a compromise." He pressed his forehead against mine. "This plan is the one I should have pursued to begin with. It's the better plan."

My throat tightened. "The plan with the greater potential of profit."

"Unfathomable potential." He parted his lips and bent in for a kiss, sucking gently as he moved his mouth over mine. It was a sweet and tender kiss and it ended too quickly. "I have to go. Save more of that for later."

"Always."

I walked with him to the foyer. He retrieved his briefcase from the closet then kissed my forehead once more before stepping into the elevator. We stood, eyes latched until the doors closed.

As soon as he was gone, I fell against the foyer wall. Oh my god, was this really happening? Was I really making myself at home in the penthouse of my billionaire boyfriend? I felt like Cinderella. Or Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman. Did Hudson really want me in his life like this or was I completely insane?

I was insane. Insanely happy.

With a squeal, I ran to the living room and threw myself on the sofa. I closed my eyes and replayed the morning in my mind-waking up in Hudson's bed, the hot sex on the kitchen table. But what I focused on the most were his words.

I'd like to f**k you good morning every morning.

I'll be home by six.

I couldn't stop thinking about you.

Unfathomable potential.

After several minutes of grinning so widely my cheeks hurt, the doubts started to creep in again, as they always did. Was it truly possible for Hudson to change so completely, seemingly overnight? Or was I merely a game he was playing? Maybe he wasn't even conscious of what he was doing and he was manipulating me and my emotions out of habit.

Or maybe, like I, he didn't know how to do this relationship thing and he was simply acting the way he thought he should, even if that meant rushing.

Possibly it was all completely genuine. I felt those things for him after all. I wanted to be with him every day, all the time. I was ready for that commitment level, even though I wouldn't have said so two days before.

But I jumped into things, clung too quickly. That was my way.

Maybe it was Hudson's way too.

I sat up and glanced around the room. I had been serious when I'd said I was a snooper and usually I'd jump right on that. But I didn't feel the need to at the moment. I did feel the need to get in the shower and clean up. I was still sticky from the evening before, not to mention our morning activities.

I went back to the master bedroom, noting on the way a closed door that most likely led to the library as well as another bedroom. In the master, I stepped into the closet Hudson had retrieved my robe from. It was a walk-in and was mostly empty except for one rack of clothes. There were a few dresses most likely meant for the club, several pairs of shorts, jeans and sweat pants, and a rack of tops. One dresser drawer was partially opened so I pulled it out the rest of the way and found panties and bras. There was also a negligee. I guess I knew what Hudson wanted me to wear to bed that night.

I let out a happy sigh and headed to the bathroom, this time noticing a closed door on my way. I peeked in and discovered it was a second walk-in closet, this one full of Hudson's clothing. I walked through, running my hands along the rows of suits. Was it ridiculous how much I adored seeing his clothes like this? It felt so personal, so intimate. As if by being in the center of his closet, I was in the center of his life. I twirled around slowly, basking in the metaphor. It felt warm and completely right.

My shower was long and hot. If I'd been in my studio apartment, I'd have run out of hot water long before the time I finally stepped out from the luxuriating pulse of Hudson's deluxe showerhead. I wrapped a towel around my body and put my hair in a turban, then left the bathroom to pick out some clothes from my closet.

My closet.

But once I was in the bedroom, I heard voices coming from the main part of the apartment and a click of heels on the marble floor in the foyer.

It couldn't be the housekeeper-not only was she not due in that day, but she would have been alone. And surely she wouldn't be wearing heels. Maybe Hudson had forgotten to tell me something. Like, that his mother was visiting. God, wouldn't that just be the way to ruin my day?

I bit my lip. My phone was in my purse, which was still in the living room, so I couldn't call or text Hudson to ask who could be in his house. I glanced at the intercom. Should I call down to security? But whoever was there had gotten past security without a problem. Whoever it was had a key.

And from the sound of her heels and soprano voice, it was a woman.

Pressing my body tight against the wall, I peered around the doorframe and down the hall. Her back toward me, I saw a woman dressed in a light blue sundress, directing men with boxes toward the library. Her hair, wrapped into a loose yellow bun at her nape, was what gave her away.

It was the woman Hudson grew up with. The woman Hudson had falsely claimed he'd gotten pregnant. The woman Hudson's mother had wanted him to marry.

It was Celia Werner.

Chapter Three

One of the deliverymen spotted me and nodded his head in my direction. Panic bubbled in my chest as Celia turned to see what he was gesturing at. I ducked back around the corner, but not before she saw me.

"Laynie?"

Shit, shit, shit. I didn't want to see her, didn't want her to see me.

Her heels clicked as she walked down the hall toward the bedroom. "Alayna, is that you?" She peeked into the room and found me pressed against the wall, still dressed only in a towel.

"Hi."

"Wow." Her smile brightened as her eyes moved up and down my body, taking in my lack of clothing. "I didn't expect you to be here."

This was ridiculous. I was acting like I'd been caught doing something wrong, but I hadn't. I had every right to be there and, as far as I knew, Celia did not.

I straightened my back and stepped away from the wall. "I didn't expect you either. Hudson didn't say you were delivering the books."

Celia shook her head. "He didn't know. He ordered them through my office and my schedule was open today, so I thought I'd make sure they got here okay and help unpack them if need be."

"You have a key." It was honestly the only thing going through my mind at that point, and I hated how pathetic I sounded mentioning it. I had a key too, after all.

She leaned her shoulder against the door jam. "I do. Since I did the interior decorating. We're always updating, and we thought it was easiest for me to keep a key." Her eyes glanced over to the unmade bed, sheets in disarray from my night with Hudson. When she looked back at me, her smile seemed wider. "I did buzz though before I came up and there was no answer."

"I was in the shower."

"I see that." She winked, and I knew she was saying that she was seeing more than me wrapped in a towel. She was getting the whole picture.

Well, good. I was glad. Then I wouldn't have to feel like a jerk when I spelled it out for her. Hudson and I were together now. Whatever anyone else had ever planned for Celia and Hudson, it was moot. I was the one he'd chosen. End of discussion.

Except that discussion had only occurred in my head. Some things probably still had to be said out loud.

Celia seemed to be thinking the same thing. "Look, let me get finished with the delivery guys and you can get dressed. Then we can chat or whatever. It seems we have some catching up to do."

She shut the door behind her, and I let out a deep breath. I wasn't sure why Celia's presence was giving me so much anxiety. She wasn't a threat to me. She felt like one, though. I'd been jealous of her since I'd met her. As Hudson's oldest friend, she knew him better than anyone. He told her things. He kept her secrets. She'd been the only one who knew about Hudson and me pretending to be a couple. It was an intimate friendship they had.

Hudson had insisted that friendship was the only thing between them. I had to trust that or the envy would tear me apart. The whole charade had started in the first place so that Celia and Hudson's parents would stop trying to pair up the two. If there really had been something between them, then why would I have been brought into the middle?

I'd only discovered the day before that the reason the Werners and Sophia Pierce were so keen on playing matchmaker was because they thought Hudson and Celia had been together in the past. They thought Hudson was the father of the baby Celia had miscarried. But he wasn't, and they had never been together. The truth was worse-Hudson had played Celia, had tricked her into falling for him, had sent her spiraling into depression and wild partying. So when she'd ended up pregnant, he felt responsible and claimed parentage.

In a way, Hudson had been responsible. But he wasn't the man of his youth anymore. He wasn't so responsible that his games had to follow him for the rest of his life. I couldn't believe that. Otherwise I would have to believe the same about the things I'd done to others. Certainly even people like us-people who had been so broken that we destroyed others around us-deserved happiness of our own. We didn't have to spend our entire existence making up for our mistakes. Did we?

I brushed the guilty thoughts out of my mind and quickly changed into a dress I could wear to the club later. I threw my wet hair into a bun and took a deep breath before opening the door.

The delivery men had already left, and I found Celia straightening a row of boxes into an orderly line. There were dozens of boxes, many more than I had anticipated. "Damn. He went all out, didn't he?"

Celia looked up from her task. "He always does. But as I'm sure you've noticed, he has lots of shelves to fill."

I scanned the room for the first time. A large mahogany desk sat at the far end surrounded by a curved wall of windows. Two armchairs and a long sofa created a sitting area in the middle of the room. A beautiful marble fireplace graced the center of one wall with a large flat-screen television set centered above it. The rest of the wall space was filled with shelves. Shelves and shelves-a booklover's dream. Except that only one small section near the desk had any books on it.

"Uh, yeah. These boxes are barely going to put a dent in that shelf space."

"He ordered more, but this is what was already in stock. The rest should come in the next few days or so. And, yes, he'll still have a lot of empty space. Maybe you can help him fill the rest."

Was that supposed to be a leading statement? Was she trying to get me to open up about Hudson?

If she wanted to know, she'd have to come out and ask. I responded to her statement with a simple, "Maybe." I joined her in pushing the boxes into a line against the wall, doing a count of them as I did. Twenty-seven in total. Guess I knew how I was spending my afternoon. Unpacking books-the thought had me more excited than it should.

I nudged the last box into line with the others and turned to find Celia staring at me, arms crossed over her chest, one light brow cocked. "So. You and Hudson."

"Yeah. Crazy, right?" Celia had only ever been nice to me. Why was this so awkward?

"It's real then? You're really together?"

"We are. No more pretending. It's the real deal now." It felt strange to say that. With other relationships my declarations were most likely exaggerations. Was I exaggerating now?

No. I wasn't. This was real.

"Since when?" The question didn't sound disbelieving, but curious. Excited, even. "I was with him Monday and he didn't say anything had changed between you, though he did seem awfully lovesick. I thought he was being moody about his business-whatever that was going on. But now that I see you here, I'm thinking it was about you."

Celia had driven Hudson from his parents' house in the Hamptons to the airport for his business emergency with Plexis. "Just since yesterday. When he came back from Cincinnati, we sort of had it out and then-" I suddenly realized the source of the awkwardness. Though Celia and Hudson hadn't ever been together for real, she had thought she loved him. I had no reason to be jealous of her, but she had plenty reason to be jealous of me. "Is this weird for me to talk about?"

"Weird? Why?" Her face relaxed with understanding. "Oh, he told you."

"He did." I wasn't sure how she'd feel knowing I knew such intimate details of her life. "I'm sorry if that makes you uncomfortable."

"No, not at all. It surprises me. He's never talked about it with anyone. I'm not even sure he told his therapist." She chewed on her bottom lip for a moment. "What exactly did he say? Do you mind me asking?"

"Of course not, it's only fair I tell you. But can we sit down first?" Maybe sitting would get rid of the confrontational feeling between us.

She nodded and we made our way to the sofa. I sat facing her, my legs curled up underneath me. "Well. He, um, explained about how he, uh, made you fall for him and then slept with your best friend. He said it was all a game. Which makes sense now, how you knew that he did that to women." Celia had been the one who'd filled me in on Hudson's mind games.

"Yep. I spoke from experience." Her voice had lost some of its usual cheerfulness, but nothing seemed to indicate that talking to me was painful or unpleasant.

Her ease helped me go on. "And he told me about the baby."

I watched her chest rise and fall before she responded. "What did he say about that?"

"That you didn't know who the father was, so he said it was his. So you wouldn't be disowned or disgraced or whatever. Since he felt responsible for the situation." Even though none of the information was new to Celia-she'd lived it, after all-a part of me felt guilty for sharing things Hudson had told me in confidence.

Another part of me, a bigger part, wanted to know more about his rocky past and getting anything out of him was difficult, to say the least. Celia's unexpected arrival brought an opportunity to learn, and I wasn't throwing that away.

"Hmm. Well, that about covers all of it." She tapped a long peach-painted nail on her knee as she processed. "Silly Hudson. He shouldn't feel responsible for anything. I was a grown woman. I can own up to my actions. He doesn't still feel that way, does he?"

"Yeah. I think he still does." I didn't think he did, I knew it. It was the reason he kept himself so closed off, the reason it had been so hard for him to let me in. Because of his mother or his therapist or for whatever reason, he'd been conditioned to believe that he was incapable of caring for anyone, and the horrible things he'd done to people such as Celia was his proof. That he could take his friend and manipulate her life, cause her to act so recklessly that she got pregnant from a stranger and then lost her child-that was evidence to Hudson that he was a despicable person. Because no decent person would do that in his mind.

But to me, the fact that he was so traumatized by the things he'd put Celia through was evidence of the contrary-he could feel. He cared enough to regret his actions. That didn't show heartlessness. That showed humanity.

Celia rolled her eyes. "That's ridiculous. He really needs to get over himself. That was practically a decade ago now. It's old news."

I agreed on that count. Maybe by finally having love in his life, Hudson would learn to move on.

As for Celia, I wasn't sure she had yet. "So you don't still have feelings for Hudson?" It wasn't hard for me to imagine harboring an unrequited love for ten years because I obsessed. The only reason I'd gotten over some of my past obsessions was because I'd had therapy. Not that Celia suffered from the obsessive disorder I did, but it wasn't unheard of to be in love with your friend for years and nothing ever coming of it. It was the material of great books.

What did that make me? In Celia's story, was I the villain?

Possibly I was over-dramatizing. As always.

Celia leaned forward and put her hand over mine, taking me off-guard. "I totally have feelings for him, Laynie. He's my best friend. I've loved him since I met him which was before I could even talk. But I'm not in love with him. I don't think I ever was. He played me and I thought...well, anyway, I'm not now. My mother will tell you differently, but she believes what she wants. If I was in love with him, I would have let that arranged marriage thing work out instead of supporting a sham to throw our parents off."

"Yeah, that makes sense." I took my hand away from hers before it felt creepy. It already felt creepy-I wasn't much of a touchy-feely person. "Then it doesn't bother you that we're together?"

"Bother me? I'm happy for him! For both of you, actually. Truthfully, I was beginning to think Sophia was right, that he couldn't possibly love anyone because he'd never shown any inclination toward anyone. Except to mess with them, of course. It was really very sad. This is definitely a change for the better."

I wanted to be happy with her. Except when she'd brought up Hudson's past, it reawakened one of my greatest fears.

"What did I say?" Celia asked.

She must have seen the worry in my expression. I never did have a good poker face. "Nothing." It was probably best that I didn't say anything. Only, Celia might be the one person I could talk to about it. The one person who would understand and give me insight.

I shifted, bringing my knees up to my chest. "It's just, I've been worrying it was too good to be true, and I keep wondering if maybe I'm...if he's..."

"If he's playing you, too?"

My brown eyes met her blues. "Yes."

She nodded once and frowned. "That is something I'd worry about."

Well, that wasn't the consolation I was hoping for.

"I'm not saying you should be worried," she added. "It would just cross my mind as a possibility. Especially knowing his past, and since this arrangement or relationship he has with you is so entirely different than anything he's ever had before."

"You know him, what do you think?" Jesus, my lip quivered when I spoke. How pathetic was I?

She tapped her finger on her knee again. "I don't think he's playing that game anymore. Really, I don't. He's had counseling, and it's been a good two years since he's had any...incidents."

I made a mental note to ask what she meant about incidents at another time. Right now, though, it wasn't enough of a priority to interrupt.

"I guess he could be having a relapse, but..." Her words trailed off. "What has he said to you?"

"That he wants to be with me. That's he's committed to making a relationship work." Or similar things that I didn't want to share. They were my words and not meant to be given away to just anyone.

Celia scooted an inch closer to me as if we were in a room full of people and she was about to divulge a secret. "Let me tell you something about Hudson and the way he plays women. He doesn't lie. Ever. That's the brilliant part of his manipulative skills. He never says anything that you can throw back at him later. It's all truth spun to make you read more into what he's saying. He makes you think he's offering more than what he's really offering without ever saying the words. You know what I mean?"

"I think so." Now that I thought about it, I knew exactly what she meant. Hudson chose his words so precisely and handled himself with such care that I could see how he'd be able to spin any situation so that he'd have the upper hand. It was what made him a good businessman, I imagined.

"So if he's said those things to you, I'd believe them," Celia reassured. "And he's never, ever brought a woman to his penthouse before. That's common knowledge. Even Sophia knows that. He's never wanted anyone to be able to find him after he, you know, broke their heart."

That made total sense. If you were a guy playing people, you wouldn't want them to have access to your private life. I'd felt almost the same when I'd feared my ability to remain aloof from him-I hadn't wanted to know where he lived so that I wouldn't latch on.

Funny how we both were now in exactly the positions we hadn't ever thought we'd be in.

Celia was watching me, gauging my reactions. I could sense she wanted to say more, but perhaps didn't know how. "Has he said...how he feels about you?"

"Yes." Well..."No." But he had implied it. Now I couldn't even quite remember what he had said and the ball of worry in my stomach began to tighten. "I mean, he's said some things, but he hasn't actually said he loved me."

But I knew he meant it. Right?

Celia smiled. "I don't think he's ever told anyone he loved them. Not even his mother. So that might be a while, if ever. Don't take that omission as a sign of anything." She straightened. "No, I think you're good. I think this is good. I think it's real." She clapped her hands together. "Yay! Hudson Pierce has a girlfriend! How exciting!"

"Yeah, it is exciting." The warmth of it spread through my body. "Totally exciting." Because none of this had happened to me before. I'd never had a relationship with someone who returned my feelings. Every guy I'd found to be the one never had a chance to see if they felt the same before I ruined it by clinging and suffocating. And the times I'd thought I'd been in love I'd really been more in love with the idea of someone being in love with me. I'd learned that through group therapy. That was why I held on to any slim nugget of interest a guy threw my way-because I so desperately yearned to be loved.

But this time, I wasn't being desperate and I wasn't clinging and I wasn't obsessing. Not more than reasonably, anyway. It was definite cause for celebrating.

I beamed at Celia. "I can't tell you how good it feels to talk to someone about him. Thank you so much."

"I bet. And no problem. Any time." She paused. "How are things going with Sophia?"

"I don't know." More like I didn't care. Hudson's mother and I were never going to be friends. Not when she'd belittled me and called me a slut. Not when she was so against Hudson finding anything good in life. "I told her off the last time I saw her. I'm hoping I don't have to deal with her anytime soon."

"Oh. You don't have plans to see her then? Like, to show her your coupledom and everything?" She seemed surprised by that, and perhaps it was surprising after the lengths Hudson had gone to show me off to his mother when we weren't actually a couple.

"No, thank god. I think Hudson's given up on convincing her of anything. Which is fine by me."

"Totally. Who needs Sophia?"

I didn't, that was for sure. But Celia, on the other hand..."You're chummy with her." We'd addressed everything else, might as well address Sophia too.

"Well, I live by that friends close, enemies closer philosophy. It works for me."

"Yeah it does. She adores you." I may have sounded a little bit jealous. Which was ridiculous since I hated Sophia Pierce.

"She adores me because she adores my mother. Besides, she thinks that if I'm with Hudson, she'll have complete access to his life. Like I'd share anything personal with her. I have her snowed, that's all."

"Then all I have to do to get her on my side is to snow her too?"

"Maybe." Celia's eyes narrowed as she considered. Then she shook her head. "Seriously, forget her. She's not worth it. Have you heard about the time that Hudson told her-" The grandfather clock in the foyer chimed once. "Oh, my, is it really one o'clock already?" Celia checked her watch. "It really is. I have a full afternoon. I've got to get going." She stood and smoothed down her dress. "I'm sorry to rush off like this. It was great talking to you."

"Yeah, this was nice." I hated to admit it, but I was disappointed to see her go. Especially when she was about to tell me a story about Hudson. She had so much to offer in terms of understanding him. She'd already made me feel better and there was so much more to be gained from speaking with her.

"We should totally get together again," Celia exclaimed, almost at the exact moment I was thinking it. "Here." She pulled a card out of her purse and handed it to me. "My cell is on here. Call me and we can do coffee. Tomorrow, maybe?"

"I'd like that." I took the card from her, glancing at the print. Celia Werner, Corporate and Private Interior Design.

"Awesome. Give me a call in the morning then." She paused. "Oh, and if I don't answer, keep calling. I have a nasty habit of leaving my phone in random places and if you call over and over then I will get to you. And I'll find my phone! It's a total win-win."

I laughed at her method of phone control. "Perfect."

"Great! Tomorrow then. Give Hudson my love." She started toward the library door and then stopped and turned back to me, her hand clutched against her chest. "You know, it really is about time Hudson had someone in his life, and I'm so glad it's someone who loves and understands him as it seems you do." Her words and actions would seem overly dramatic for most people, yet she was just classy enough to get away with it.

"Thanks. I do. I get him." Probably more than either he or I knew yet.

"I know you do." Her face grew serious. "He's told me things about you, too. I hope that doesn't bother you."

She could only be referring to my crazy stalker past. Some of it was quite embarrassing. I'd violated a restraining order once. For that, I had a police record. It was buried now, by Hudson and my lawyer brother, but that didn't change that it had happened. That I had done that. It was only one of a long list of many shitty things I'd done.

Normally I would have been humiliated to find that someone knew about my history. But right then, with all the good that was going on with Hudson, I didn't. "No, it doesn't bother me. Surprisingly."

"Good." She smiled. "I won't tell anyone, of course. I'm glad that I know though. I can see how perfect you are for him because of what you've been through yourself. I'm on your side."

"Thank you. I'm very grateful."

She winked. "Okay, well, I'm off. Good luck!"

I stood in the library thinking over Celia's visit long after she had gone and I had programmed her number into my phone. I was looking forward to having coffee with her, and, the truth was, that made me feel twitchy. As sure as I was that she could be a vital source of Hudson insider knowledge, I was also sure he'd be none too happy about it. And rightly so. If I wanted to learn about his past, I should go through him.

Still, could it really hurt to have coffee?

I decided to put my decision off until the morning.

Scanning the dozens of boxes once again, I decided to open some up and start unpacking them on the shelves. Hudson had said to make myself at home, and it would keep me from snooping. Even though I'd gotten permission, it wasn't the healthiest behavior.

I found a letter opener in one of Hudson's drawers and, kneeling beside one of the boxes, I used the opener to cut through the packaging tape. Moliere was on top, along with a copy of Shakespeare. Underneath, I found several other classics from Dante to Dickens. I sat back on my heels and looked at the shelves, formulating a plan to organize the library.

My library.

Hudson hadn't said it was mine, but I couldn't help but think of it as such. I loved books-not only the stories they contained, but the feel of them in my hands, the silk of the pages, the words all collected in one place. Hudson didn't have any interest in physical books. Obviously. His bare shelves were proof of that. He read everything on his e-reader. These were my books. I'd already adopted them and was sure Hudson wouldn't protest. He'd only ordered them to fool his mother, even though I doubted Sophia visited his penthouse very often.

Also in the stack of lies told to Sophia, Hudson had declared I was moving in with him. How long before that became a reality?

No, I couldn't plan for that. Like I'd told myself earlier, it was too soon, and we weren't ready.

But would it really hurt to fantasize about it for a few minutes? To imagine living with him in the penthouse? And more? Me running the nightclub with Hudson at my side. Engagement rings and bridal parties flashed through my daydream. Was it really so bad to hope for?

Yes. It was. I had to stop now because daydreaming could very easily lead to fixation. I needed a substitute obsession. Something else to occupy my mind.

I tried to return my focus to the books, but again my mind wandered to the future-weddings and the club and parties.

That was when the idea hit me. I abandoned my task and found my phone to call Jordan. I needed a ride.

***

"Bachelorette parties?" David Lindt leaned back in the desk chair and swiveled from side to side.

I hadn't been sure David would be at The Sky Launch so early in the day, but I'd lucked out. He was the general manager of the nightclub, and since Hudson had relinquished the running of the business to him, he was the one I needed to approach with any ideas for improvement.

Which was why I'd come in more than six hours before my shift started to share my stroke of genius. "Yes. Bachelorette parties."

"Seriously? That's your big idea?"

"Come on, it's perfect!" I threw my hands up for emphasis. This was a good idea, and talking about it calmly had not seemed to have done the trick of convincing David. "It's wedding season and the bubble rooms are the perfect place for privacy while still being surrounded by the club scene. You know as well as I do the stuff that goes on in those rooms."

The bubble rooms were, in my opinion, the highlight of The Sky Launch. The ten circular rooms ran the circumference of the second floor. Each room had its own entrance and was completely enclosed to ensure privacy. Or rather, a sense of privacy. It was an illusion since each of the rooms also had a window that overlooked the dance floor below and if you looked across, you could see everything that happened on the other side. Plenty of times, the things that went on in those rooms were rated R and, more often, rated X.

The bubbles, however, had been neglected in promotion for as long as I'd been an employee of the club. I'd gotten my promotion partly on the promise to find ways to better use the unique feature. Promoting them for bachelorette parties-that plan was gold.

David didn't seem to have the vision I did. "We've had bachelorette parties in here before. Not many, but a few."

"And they always go well, don't they?"

"The customers are always pleased." He twisted his lips as he considered.

With his constant fidgeting and weird faces, I wondered briefly how I'd ever thought I was attracted to the man.

The answer was that I hadn't been. Not truly. David had been a nice option when I'd been too afraid to go after any men who really turned me on. I'd thought I could have a future with him. I'd figured that being with a man like David was the cure to my obsession-not actually caring for him kept me from the outrageous behavior of my past.

And he'd been cute enough. We'd never gone all the way, but we'd come pretty close, and becoming aroused had never been a problem.

All thoughts of David had disappeared when Hudson entered my life. I gave up the safe bet for the real thing, and, even with the ups and downs of loving Hudson, I didn't regret it one bit.

David regretted it, however. He wanted something more between us and had told me so just the day before. But he knew where my feelings lay. He knew whom my heart belonged to.

Now he brought his pen up to his mouth and bit on the already chewed end. Pen between his teeth, he asked, "How do you expect to draw people to book the rooms for that?"

"Marketing." Obviously. That had been my emphasis area of my newly acquired MBA, and I was anxious to use it. It was what I had to offer the nightclub-my expertise. "We've never advertised those rooms to any specific market. They're underutilized and wasted space compared to what they could be used for. And if we bundled the rooms in packages designed specifically for soon-to-be-married brides, I think we could really attract some attention."

"Yeah, I see some potential." Finally. "What's your strategy?"

"I need some time to put it all together into a formal plan, but I'm thinking I could book some meetings with wedding planners. If I can offer a good deal, they'd tell their clients. Maybe we can give them referral bonuses or offer them a certain percentage of our booking fee as a kickback. But first we need to design some packages. Include some party trays and a certain dollar amount from the bar and we've got something to sell."

Behind me, my phone beeped with an incoming text. It had died on my way to the club right after I texted Hudson my plans for the afternoon. Luckily I had a spare charger I kept in the office by the file cabinets and I'd plugged it in as soon as I arrived. "So what do you think?" I asked as I crossed to my phone.

"I think you're onto something. Let's do it."

I grinned triumphantly before glancing down at my message.

"I've arranged the cook. Will you still be home for dinner?"

"I wouldn't miss it for the world," I responded, his use of the word home making me as giddy as it had that morning.

"Pierce?"

David's question broke through my euphoria. "Yeah, it's Hudson."

"Something good?"

I hadn't realized I'd been smiling until then. "Everything good."

Leaving the phone to continue charging, I returned to the chair I'd been sitting in. "I'm meeting him for dinner. Don't worry, I'll be back by the time my shift starts."

"Actually, I wanted to talk to you about changing your schedule." David stood and came around the front of the desk, leaning on the corner. "I promoted you so that you could do this kind of stuff. We have enough managerial coverage. If we need someone else-which I'm sure we will if your plans work out like I know they will-Sasha's ready to be a manager. Your gift, what you bring to The Sky Launch, is your business ideas. I need you to go work magic. That's not my department."

"So," I furrowed my brow, "what are you saying?"

"I'm saying make your own schedule. I need you on the clock forty hours a week-not a problem for you, you work addict-but you can put it in whenever you need it. Set up those meetings with the wedding planners. And I'd like to go forward with your idea of expanding hours and our services. That's going to take a lot of daytime planning as well. You'll need to meet with cooks and additional staff. It's going to be a lot of work."

It felt like my eyes were going to pop out of my head. "Seriously? I mean, seriously do all that amazing stuff and make my own hours?" This was my dream job coming to fruition. All the hours of fighting with my brother Brian about wasting my education and the job opportunities I'd turned down with Fortune 500 companies-this made every doubt and heartache worth it.

"Yes, seriously. I wouldn't joke about this shit. Start with taking tonight off."

"Don't be ridiculous. You can't run the upstairs bar with one person."

"Liesl's coming in. It's already covered."

Of course Liesl would agree to work a shift for me. She was pretty much my one and only friend in the city. Half space cadet, half genius, she was everything I wasn't-free and laid-back and flirtatious without having to worry about becoming attached. Even though we were complete opposites, she understood me like no one else and was much more generous to me than I often deserved. "She worked for me the whole time I was in the Hamptons. I can't make her do that."

"She volunteered. We hired that new waitress, and Liesl's determined she be trained right-her words, not mine. And if you're going to set up some meetings for tomorrow, you'll need to adjust to being awake during the day. Right now you're sort of a vampire." He moved his eyes down my legs. "A tan vampire, but a vamp nonetheless."

I laughed, hiding my unease at the obvious lust in his stare. I stood to put us on the same level. Otherwise it felt like he was looking down at nothing but tits. "Thank you, David. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I'm..." There weren't words for how grateful I was for this opportunity. "Just thank you."

"You deserve it." He straightened from his leaning position and threw his arms out to his sides. "Hug it out?"

"That got me in trouble last time." Hudson had walked in on that and been pretty pissed. He wasn't a man who shared. I'd managed to talk him down, convinced him my hug with David had been innocent, which it had been, as far as I was concerned. Still, Hudson suspected there was something more between me and David. And, like a chicken-shit, I hadn't been able to bring myself to admit he was right. David and I did have a history. But compared to what I felt for Hudson, it seemed like an insignificant detail.

I stuck my hand out toward David. "Settle for a handshake?"

He nodded as he took my hand. He held it much longer than he should have, his thumb caressing along my skin, sending unwanted goose bumps down my arms.

I pulled away, hoping he hadn't noticed. Though I felt nothing for David, my body still reacted to his. He was plain but attractive-his eyes a dull blue, his hair dark blond and curly. He worked out but had a stocky frame. He'd never been my type, and my reaction was likely only out of habit. But it was enough to make me feel a weight of sudden guilt-I shouldn't hide my past with David from Hudson. I'd been quick to accuse him of keeping secrets in our relationship, and here I was doing exactly that. It was wrong, and I knew it.

I also knew I wouldn't tell him. I doubted he'd let me continue working with David if he knew we'd had a past, and if he found out on his own, my silence might help in my defense. I'd explain to Hudson that I didn't say anything because there was nothing to say. He'd understand.

Maybe if I kept telling myself that, I'd eventually believe it.

Chapter Four

Hudson was already home, jacket discarded, when I got back to the penthouse that evening. He met me as I stepped out of the elevator, greeting me with a lush kiss that swept me off my feet.

"Well, hello to you, too."

"You're late," he said against my lips.

"And?"

"I worried." His mouth swept across my cheek and down toward my earlobe.

My eyes widened both in surprise and at the yummy thing he was doing to that sensitive spot below my ear. "That something had happened to me?"

"That you weren't coming."

I pushed him back to meet his eyes. "Why Hudson Alexander Pierce, did you worry I'd stand you up?" It was silly to even think about. "Don't you realize I'm the kinda girl that sticks?"

He leaned back in to rub his nose against mine. "If you acted as smart as you are, you would have stood me up weeks ago."

"Good thing I don't act smart."

"Good thing for me, yes." He released me and took my purse off my shoulder, which he stowed in the coat closet. Then, weaving his fingers through mine, he tugged me after him through the foyer toward the living room.

"Guess what." I admired his back as I followed him, his taut muscles visible through his dress shirt.

"You don't have to work tonight."

I stopped short, my hand slipping from his grasp. "How do you always know everything?"

"I don't." He turned back to face me, a smile toying on his perfect lips. "But where you're concerned I make an effort. David called me this afternoon and asked if I approved of you making your own hours."

"And you said, 'Yes, because then I can conform my schedule to Alayna's so we can f**k as much as possible.'" I laughed at my horrible imitation of Hudson's voice.

"I said I thought it was a good idea." Instantly, I was back in his arms. "But I was thinking what you said." His mouth circled above mine, teasing.

"I love you."

He moved tighter into me. "I hope that my ability to change your working hours is not the sole basis of your fondness for me."

"It is not. Trust me." This time I kissed him, licking along his upper lip.

When he pulled away, his eyes were clouded with desire. "Dinner's ready, precious."

He led me to the dining room where the table was set with a bouquet of white orchids, two lit candlesticks, an opened bottle of wine, and two place settings at one end.

He waved his hands toward the candles. "These would have a more dramatic effect if it weren't so light in here."

"Yes, it's terrible that your penthouse has floor-to-ceiling windows that let in so much sun," I teased. "Honestly, it's lovely." Our eyes locked for a moment, caught up in each other.

Jesus, if we kept looking at each other like that, food would have to wait. I was already feeling moist in my panties.

Noticing the aroma of fresh herbs, I broke our gaze and looked toward the quiet kitchen. "Where's the cook? Did she abandon you?"

"She did not. She cooked and then she left. Our plates are waiting under the warmer." He pulled a chair out, gesturing for me to sit. "I presume I can manage the service without her."

I kept my eye on him as I sat. "Honey, you don't need anyone's help with service."

"Hey now." He tapped my nose with his finger as he delivered his reprimand. "Food first. I need my energy to keep up with you. But if we get through dinner, perhaps there will be dessert."

"A naughty dessert, I hope."

"No hoping necessary."

Hudson poured white wine into my glass before filling his own. Then he disappeared into the kitchen returning a few minutes later with two plates of food. He set a plate in front of each of us and then sat down. Together we dined catty-corner from each other, tangling our legs under the table. We chatted about our day and when I told him about my bachelorette party ideas for the club, he was both supportive and impressed.

"Do you want me to get you in touch with my company event planners? Not that they'd be helpful in the pre-wedding party arena."

"Nah, I got some things set up already."

He took a swallow of his wine, and I guessed it was difficult for him to let me keep the reins on my project. But when he set down his glass, he seemed resigned. "Let me know if you change your mind."

The meal was delicious-chicken breast stuffed with sundried tomatoes and artichokes. Sauteed zucchini and jasmine rice accompanied the chicken. I'd stayed at work all afternoon, arranging meetings for the week, and had skipped lunch. It wasn't until I was eating that I realized how hungry I'd been.

"This is so good, Hudson," I said when my plate was half-clean. "Wherever did you find this cook?"

"She used to be sous-chef at one of my restaurants. Things didn't work out with her and another staff member, so she works privately for me now."

I thought for a moment about what I knew from Hudson's portfolio of businesses. "Fierce?"

"That's the one."

Fierce was one of the hottest restaurants in the city. The head chef had a reputation for being a complete hard-ass. I didn't have to ask if that was the reason she'd left.

My work-oriented mindset of earlier lingered into the conversation. "Would she consider working at The Sky Launch?"

"Then who would cook for us?"

I ignored the rush I had from the way Hudson referred to us as an "us," and pressed on. "For private events then. It doesn't have to be a full-time gig."

"I like the way your business brain works, Alayna. But why don't we put the job away for the night? I'd like to spend time with the other sexy parts of my girlfriend."

That shut me up. It was the first time he'd called me that-girlfriend-and holy wow, what it did to me. My chest warmed with what felt like a radioactive level of heat, spreading down my limbs and up into my cheeks. Girlfriend. I was Hudson Pierce's girlfriend.

Pretending he didn't know what his statement had done to me-he knew, he so knew-he continued with the common conversation that boyfriends and girlfriends exchanged after a day apart. "Other than work, how was your afternoon? I noticed the books came. Did the delivery go okay?"

I nodded as I swallowed my food, following it with a sip of wine before answering. "They did, and yes, it went fine. Celia accompanied the delivery."

Though his face stayed even, he stopped chewing for half a second. "Oh?"

I had guessed that Hudson wouldn't be that happy about Celia stopping by. Ever since she'd spilled the beans about his manipulative past, he seemed to fear what she'd say to me. No matter what I said, he didn't understand that nothing she could say to me about him would ever change how I felt for him. Perhaps I shouldn't have told him about her visit, but that didn't feel right. I was already keeping my history with David on the down low. I didn't want another secret.

The only thing to do was convince him Celia and I could be trusted together. "She surprised me. I guess I was in the shower when she buzzed up so she let herself in."

His brows furrowed. "I need to take away her key."

"Yes, you do." I didn't like worrying that she could stop by any time she wanted. "But it wasn't bad. In fact, we had a nice chat."

Hudson's entire upper body tensed. "I don't like that. At all."

I'd only seen that possessiveness of his a couple of times before. It was frightening and thrilling, sending bolts of hormones to my lower regions and raising my arousal levels to full alert.

It was also unnecessary. "Don't get all panicked. It was fine."

"I don't want you two to spend time together. Remember, in my script you aren't friends." He stabbed at the air with his fork, enunciating his point.

I clucked my tongue. "Come on, that's not fair. I only want to feel close to you and she's your best friend."

He shook his head once. "She's my only friend. It's different."

I stroked my foot up his calf, hoping to lighten his mood on the subject. "She didn't give away any deep dark Hudson secrets."

"Says you."

"She only said she was happy that you'd found me." I paused to let that sink in. "She thinks you deserve someone."

Instead of softening, his expression hardened. "That's a deep dark Hudson secret right there." He leaned closer to me, speaking low. "So deep and dark, it's a lie. I don't deserve you and I never will."

"Shut up." I rolled my eyes then placed my hand over his. "You deserve much better than me. You're out of my league and everyone knows it."

"Alayna-" His tone was a warning.

I narrowed my eyes. "How about instead of arguing over who deserves whom, we agree that we fit pretty damn well together and leave it at that."

"I don't want you spending time with Celia."

Damn, he was serious. So much for getting insider knowledge over coffee. On the other hand, who was he to tell me that I couldn't spend time with someone?

But we were trying to make a relationship work. If it was important to him then..."All right, I won't spend time with her. And I don't want you spending time with her either."

"I can live with that compromise."

"You can?" I tried not to sound surprised.

"Yes. I barely see her anyway. From now on, if I have to see her, it will be with you."

"Agreed." It wasn't as much of a sacrifice for me as it was for him. She wasn't my friend.

"Good." Then a wicked gleam filled his eyes. "We do fit pretty damn well together."

"Now who's getting naughty?"

He set down his fork and looked at our nearly empty plates. "It is time for dessert."

"Hold that thought. I'll be right back." I wiped my mouth with my napkin and got up from the table. The hall bathroom wasn't visible from the dining room so I hoped that's where Hudson assumed I had gone. Instead, I went to the master bedroom, to my closet. I grabbed the lingerie set from its drawer and changed as quickly as I could.

I stopped in front of the bedroom mirror to fluff my hair into as close of a sexy tousle as my straight strands would allow and noticed, damn, I looked good. The teddy was a coral baby-doll flyaway that pushed my already perky boobs up to soaring heights. The middle opened to expose my flat belly and the matching lace thong. Hell, I'd do me.

I slunk back to the dining room and found the table cleared and Hudson at the bar making a drink, his back to me. Awkwardly, I tried to come up with some stripper pose, but when he turned toward me, I'd only managed to c**k my hip and put a hand at my waist.

He nearly dropped his glass, his eyes wide. "Holy, f**k, Alayna. You look so goddamned hot, you've surpassed naughty and gone straight to sinful."

"Why, thank you." I swayed toward him, his lustful gaze never leaving my body. When I was close enough, I pulled on his tie, beckoning him forward. His brow arched in surprise, but he let me lead him back to his chair and push him to a sitting position.

Leaning forward so his view was all tits, I ran my hands up his thighs to his waist where I undid his belt and began working on his fly.

"What are you doing?" His voice was hoarse, his eyes pinned on my cle**age.

"You served dinner. I figured I should serve dessert." I wasn't sure he'd let me take the lead. He rarely did where sex was concerned-where anything was concerned. But instead of waiting for his permission, I simply took charge.

I tugged at his waistband and waited to see if he'd play along. After a moment's hesitation, he submitted, lifting his h*ps for me to pull down his pants and underwear. I lowered them just enough to expose his already rock hard cock.

"Holy, f**k, Hudson," I repeated his earlier words as I took his dick in my hand. "Talk about sinful." Still gripping him in my hand, I knelt before him, nudging his legs wider for me to fit in between them.

Leaning forward, I rubbed my br**sts along his bare cock.

He let out a heavy breath, and I did it again, running my fingernails along his chest, digging through his shirt. His eyes were pinned to my tits as I stroked his penis between them.

"You're so f**king beautiful, Alayna." His voice grated, like he was losing control. "So f**king beautiful."

"So are you." This time I maneuvered my hands under his shirt to claw at his skin as I rubbed my tits along his throbbing cock. "Do you like f**king my tits?"

"I love anything you do to me."

"Is that so?" I sat back on my haunches and leaned down to run my tongue up the length of his shaft.

He growled-actually growled-and I shivered at the sound.

But despite how his sounds and reactions made me completely weak and dizzy, I suddenly felt powerful. There was nothing in the world that I could imagine that would be strong enough to cause Hudson Pierce to relinquish his authority-nothing in the universe that could make him yield to anyone.

Yet here he was giving in to me.

Yes, I felt very powerful.

I licked again up the other side of him then swirled my tongue across his head as I pumped him once with my hand.

He jerked in the chair, his fingers gripping the arms. "Jesus, yes."

I wanted his hands on me, him grasping my hair. But I knew, as he did, that if he touched me, he'd take over. He'd run the show. His lack of contact was a gift, and I took it graciously. Greedily.

Moving one hand to fondle his balls, I placed my lips over his crown and slid my mouth over his soft, stone cock, my hand grasping the length of him I couldn't fit inside. Up and down I pumped him, sucking him off with an insatiable passion.

I felt his thighs tense around me and I knew he was close.

"Alayna, slow down," he pleaded through gritted teeth.

I ignored his request, continuing to stroke and suck him toward his orgasm.

"Alayna!" His hands flew to my shoulders.

Next thing I knew, I was on the floor, Hudson hovering over me as he tore at my thong, ripping the flimsy thing off of me. Then he was inside me, filling me, stretching me, thrusting into me with such force I thought he might rip me apart.

And, god, he felt good. So goddamn good.

"You feel amazing, Alayna," he said as he drove into me, his face sweaty and pinched with the effort. "I was about to come in your mouth."

"That would have been fine." I would have sucked him dry and licked him clean.

"But I much prefer coming in your tight cunt." His jabs slowed as I clenched around him, constricting his movement. "Fuck, I'm coming now."

I groaned with him as his cl**ax pressed him deeper into me, as my own heightened arousal took me to a gentle release behind him. It wasn't the earth-shattering variety of orgasm that I'd grown accustomed to having with Hudson, and somehow that made it even sweeter, more savory.

When he'd emptied himself completely, Hudson fell to his back beside me and took in several deep, ragged breaths. "I apologize for that."

I sat up on my elbows and cast him a questioning glance. I could recall very few times he'd apologized to anyone for anything. Certainly not for sex.

"I got carried away. I didn't give you the attention you deserved."

Laughing, I rolled to lie across his chest. "I love it when you get carried away. You rarely let yourself go. It's a nice change. Not to mention, it's hot."

Hudson's chest rose as he chortled-another sound I heard infrequently from him-and he draped an arm over my back.

I propped myself up on my arm. "Someday, though, you're going to let me suck you off until you finish."

"You know I love to come buried inside you."

"God, I do, too." I smiled, dreamily. "But I'd also love to have you come in my mouth. I'm craving it, actually."

His arm tightened around me. "Stay tonight."

It wasn't a question or even an invitation. It was a declaration that I would stay, and of course I would. But I responded anyway. "Okay."

Where else would I want to be?

***

Hudson had missed his usual morning workout since we'd slept in that morning. Though I was convinced we'd worked out enough in the bedroom-and the kitchen and the dining room-he decided to hit the penthouse gym. Wanting to be near, I joined him.

The gym was in the back of the apartment, next to the master bedroom, and was equipped with a treadmill, elliptical trainer, rowing machine and a weight system. I changed into a sports bra and shorts from my closet and claimed the treadmill. Hudson started out on the elliptical and moved to the weights for the bulk of his workout.

I'd always been a fairly good runner, usually pounding Central Park or the blocks from the club to my apartment, but running with the sight of Hudson's calves and arms flexing as he worked the elliptical was quite a feat, even for me. Admittedly, I tripped a couple of times.

After exercising, we showered and settled in the bedroom, Hudson donning a pair of boxers while I snagged one of his t-shirts to wear with a pair of panties. Hudson brought in his laptop to sort through some business emails, and I curled up with a book from the day's delivery. There were several Hudson had got that I hadn't read yet but were on the list of greatest books of all time that I was working through.

When I'd been reading long enough to get lost in the first few chapters of my book, I suddenly became aware of stillness next to me. Hudson was no longer typing. I looked up and found he was watching me.

Goose bumps marched down my arms. "What?"

"You look good in my t-shirt."

"I know."

His lips curled into a sexy smile. "You look better without it."

I laughed.

He lifted his chin toward my book. "What did you choose to read?"

I held the book up for him to see the cover.

"The Talented Mr. Ripley. Interesting. A book about a true sociopath."

An unexpected chill ran through me. Hudson's mother had told me that he was a sociopath-unable to feel empathy or love, detached and self-absorbed. I disagreed vehemently. I'd seen otherwise. Hudson loved and cared for me like no one in my life had.

But, though I hadn't told him about the conversation, I was certain sociopath was a term Sophia had used openly with him. I wondered if he thought it was an accurate description of himself. It was hard to bring it up and debate it with him when I knew so little about the things he'd actually done in the past. I only knew the general idea-that he manipulated people. Played them.

If I was being honest with myself, I could see where sociopath might be mentioned by a therapist treating someone with those types of habits.

I didn't know enough. Though I believed in Hudson and his feelings for me, there were still so many unknowns.

Propping the book open on the nightstand, I turned my body to face him. "Hudson, can I ask you something?"

He shut his laptop, set it on the nightstand on his side of the bed and switched on the table lamp. "Yes, I will do wicked things to your body, but only if you promise to do wicked things to mine."

I giggled. "I'm being serious."

"So am I." His eyes blazed as he ran them down my bare legs and back to meet mine. "But wickedness can wait. Ask me."

"I was thinking..." I ran my teeth over my lower lip as I figured how to broach the subject. "Celia had said that you manipulated women, as if it was more than her. What does that mean exactly? Like, what did you do?"

His jaw set. "I thought you said you just chatted today."

"We did." I rushed to correct his impression. "She didn't mention that today at all. Or anything like it. I swear." I took a deep breath. "It was before, at the charity fashion event of your mother's and I've been thinking about it. I should know, don't you think? If we're going to be open and honest with each other, I need to know."

"No, you don't." He stood, and for a moment, I thought he was leaving the room, but he merely turned off the overhead light and started back to the bed.

"I do need to know."

"No way." He said it with finality. Case closed.

But I wasn't willing to accept that. I pulled my legs under me to a kneeling position. "Hudson, I get it. I do. You want to ignore it and leave things in the past. But you're always going to be scared that I can't love you through anything if you don't give me the chance to prove that I will."

He stood at the edge of the bed, his eyes narrowed. "But what if you don't? Have you considered that? Has it crossed your mind that I might have done things you could never forgive?"

"There's nothing-"

He cut me off. "You don't know that."

I switched tactics. "Is there anything I could have done to make you...?" Stop loving me is what I thought. But it felt weird to say it out loud like that when he hadn't ever said it himself. "To change the way you feel about me?"

"It's not the same."

"You don't know that either." To be fair, he knew very little about the things I'd done before. I hadn't wanted to tell him, hadn't wanted him to know the awful ways I'd invaded people's lives. I completely understood about wanting to let the past lie.

"Then tell me."

I swallowed but didn't let the trepidation show on my face. "Anything?"

He sat on the bed, facing me. "The restraining order against you was filed by Paul Kresh. Who was he?"

I closed my eyes for half a second. Hudson had read my police files. Of course he would remember the details.

My hesitation spurred him. "See? You can't tell me."

"He was a guy," I blurted out. I wasn't stupid. If I wanted him to share, I'd have to do the same. "Just a guy who picked me up once when I was clubbing."

"You f**ked him."

Another deep breath. "Yes."

Hudson's eye twitched. "Go on." His voice was tight.

"He took me to his place. And after...well, after, he wanted me to leave. But I played drunk and stayed the whole night."

"Then what?"

"Then I went through his things while he was sleeping and discovered wedding invitations. He had a fiancee. She was out of town for the weekend or something and I was a girl he'd picked up. But he didn't realize that I'd been crushing on him for weeks. I'd seen him with her, and I didn't care. When I saw him alone that night, I made myself available."

My hands were sweaty-I'd been holding them in a ball. I wiped them on the bed next to me as I went on. "Of course, he wanted me gone, to pretend it never happened. Wanted me to forget his address. He never gave me his number, but I'd gotten that when he was sleeping, too. Sent myself a text from his phone so I'd have it."

I paused, trying to remember how I'd felt, how desperate I'd been for Paul to be in my life. "I couldn't let him go. I thought..." My voice trailed off at the memory. "I don't know what I thought."

Hudson turned so that his back was against the headboard. "Yes, you do. Tell me."

I sat back next to him, stretching my legs out in front of me. "I thought he was my soul mate. That I was meant to be with him or something. Before I even actually talked to him. I know. Crazy. It was crazy." I stared at my toes. "I was crazy."

"No, you weren't. You only wanted to be loved."

Hudson's rich brandy tone pulled my eyes to his. "Yes," I said, meaning so much more than yes, I wanted to be loved. Meaning yes, we understand each other, yes, we get it.

Yes, we weren't crazy or sociopaths or horrible people. We only wanted to be loved.

"Anyway," I smoothed my hair behind my ear, "I didn't have a job. I was living off my inheritance, which is gone now, and so I had plenty of time to wait outside his apartment and follow him to work. Every day. For months. Two? Three? I don't remember exactly. One day, I told the security guard he was my boyfriend. I convinced him to let me in his office during lunch. When Paul came back, I was waiting for him." I lowered my lids. "Naked."

Hudson's eye twitched again.

"He turned me away, H. Called security before I had a chance to even throw some clothes on." My throat closed at the humiliating memory. "He filed the restraining order after that."

I studied his face, trying to pick up on the slightest change in his expression, hoping to pick up on his thoughts. But I came up with nothing. His features were stone.

Would he ever let me in?

Hudson brought his index finger up to his face and rubbed the tip along his chin. "But that's not all, is it? Your record says you violated the order."

I felt my face flush. "I, um, I did." God, talking about it was embarrassing. Even thinking it made me want to crawl in a hole. Of the stupid, idiotic, insane things I'd done, this had been one of the worst. "I became friends with Melissa."

He nodded once, immediately understanding. "His fiancee."

"Yeah. I joined her Pilates class and became buddy-buddy with her. So she started inviting me out with her and her friends. Eventually I ended up at a party that Paul was at too. He was livid. And he had to decide if he wanted to ignore it or report me. If he reported me, Melissa would find out about the one-night. I wouldn't leave things alone, so he reported it. And she broke things off."

"He deserved that."

"Maybe." I wasn't so sure. Yes, he'd cheated on his fiancee, but that didn't make up for my role in things.

"He deserved worse in my book." Though Hudson was guarding his reaction to my story, his casual crumbs of support in my favor helped put me at ease. "And Paul's the only one this happened with?"

No. Not even close. "He was the only one who went to the police."

"I see." Hudson was quiet for a handful of seconds, absorbing. Finally, he furrowed his brow, and looked me eye-to-eye. "Why would you think that this would change how I feel about you?"

"Are you kidding? Aren't you worried I'll become that hung up on you?"

"I'm hoping you become that hung up on me." He draped his arm around my shoulder. "Paul was a f**king ass**le who didn't realize what he had in front of him. I do. Get hung up on me."

"I am hung up on you!" I turned to kiss his shoulder. "But careful what you wish for. If I go crazy on you, you'll want me gone."

He turned his cheek to nuzzle against the top of my head. "I'd never drive you away. Not on purpose."

It was sweet-being held and told that I was wanted. I couldn't ask for anything more.

Yet, I still felt Hudson didn't understand the severity of the things I'd done.

I sat forward and turned my entire body to face him, pulling my legs underneath me. "But what if I started to doubt you? That's happened before, too. Where I didn't trust anything my boyfriend said to me, no matter how innocent they were. And then I snooped and invaded privacy and people got hurt."

"Then I simply have to make sure that you never have any reason to doubt me." He swept his hand out in front of him. "Snoop away. I have nothing to hide from you here."

And there was my ticket back to where we'd started the conversation. "You're hiding your past."

He groaned. "I'm not hiding my past. There's simply nothing worth talking about. It's ugly. Why would you want to focus on the bad things?"

"It's not focusing; it's sharing and then moving on."

He shook his head.

"I told you mine. That's not fair."

This time I got a steady glare.

"Come on. Anything. One thing." I felt desperate. Opening up had been hard, and I wasn't even getting the reward that I'd counted on.

I stared at him with wide, pleading eyes.

"One thing and you'll leave it alone?"

I nodded enthusiastically.

"Okay, one thing." He sighed. "It was a game. Always a game. And my favorite was the same one I played on Celia. Make a woman fall for me, and when she did, I was done." He paused, and for half a second I feared that was all he was going to say.

But then he went on, his eyes glossy with memory. "There was one time, though, I wanted to see if I could make someone fall for someone else, someone they had no interest in. I knew this guy, Owen, who was a real ass. A complete man-whore. And this woman, Andrea-a girl, really. She was in my tennis club my second year of college. Very shy, simple, homely. I discovered she had a thing for me. Having a thing for me was very dangerous." He stared pointedly at me. "Still is."

I rolled my eyes. "No, it's not. Go on."

"I set her up with Owen. Not just on a date, more. I played silent matchmaker. Got them together. I convinced Owen he was doing me a favor by taking her out a few times. Meanwhile, I'd fill him with all these stories of how amazing Andrea was, how her true beauty was inside. And it happened-they fell for each other. Completely. Sincerely."

I blinked. Twice. "That's a beautiful story."

"Then I f**ked her and showed Owen the pictures."

"Oh, my god." My hand flew instinctively to my mouth. I hadn't been prepared for that and immediately felt ashamed. I'd been trying to be supportive. He'd tried to shock me. He won.

Hudson carried on as if I hadn't reacted. "Andrea tried to tell Owen it was a mistake, that I'd tricked her, which I had. I didn't rape her-I never raped anyone. But he wouldn't listen to her. They were both...broken, is the best way to describe it. Andrea left school in the middle of the semester. I never heard anything about her again."

"And Owen?" My voice sounded much feebler than I would have liked.

"He went back to sleeping with anyone with two legs. Last I heard he'd gotten HIV. I don't know. I lost track of him."

He studied me, the same way I'd studied him a moment before, and I knew he read me. Saw what I was feeling. I couldn't be stoic as he'd been. I couldn't hide my emotions.

His features grew dark. "I told you, you didn't want to hear it. I told you-"

"Just give me a second to process," I stuttered, ashamed that I needed the delay. I'd said his past wouldn't change how I felt about him. Did it? I pushed past the horror of the story and focused on Hudson, the man who had committed the horror. Did knowing these things change how I felt for him?

My pause was too long for him. "See, Alayna? See why your past means nothing to me? Compared to me, you were an angel. You hurt people because you loved too much. I hurt people because I could."

I jerked my eyes to his. No, my feelings for him hadn't changed. If anything, they'd grown deeper. How lonely, how sad, how broken did a man have to be to feel compelled to destroy the people around him? And how strong and worthy was that same man to attempt to be someone different in the aftermath?

I was in his lap before a second had passed by, straddling him, my hands resting on the sides of his neck. "No." I aligned my eyes with his and said it again. "No. You hurt people because you didn't have any idea what love really was. You were trying to understand it in the only way you knew how. It's horrible, yes. But it's forgivable. I forgive you. I forgive a thousand worse things you may have done. I can forgive anything."

I caressed his cheek with my palm. "Because I love you. I love you too much, like I always do, but this time I don't regret it and I don't wish I could take it back because you need it. So take it from me, H. Take it all from me."

He buried his head into my neck and sighed, a deep sigh that sounded both haunting and freeing. Wrapping my arms around him, I stroked his hair, whispering his name at his ear.

Soon he found my lips, and we disappeared into the sweetest, most languid kiss that lasted on and on, neither losing momentum nor turning frenzied.

It was a long time later before our clothes were discarded and Hudson slid us to a lying position, stretching me out over the length of his body. And just like the kiss had lasted on and on, we made love slow and leisurely, giving and taking from each other until the wee hours of the night when we were certain that the memory of our bodies together burned stronger and brighter than the horrid memories we'd shared from our past.

Chapter Five

"What do you call these rooms again? They're amazing!" Julia Swaggert, founder of Party Planning Plus, pressed her forehead on the glass of the enclosure and looked out over The Sky Launch's empty dance floor.

"Bubble rooms," I answered behind her, pleased that Julia seemed impressed with The Sky Launch. Our meeting had begun at eleven, and now, forty-five minutes later she was still engaged and interested in my proposals for a partnership.

"And when they're occupied-" I flipped the light switch on that indicated a room was in use.

Julia's face lit up as the room glowed red. "Ha-ha. Awesome. Can people see inside them?"

"Unfortunately, yes. We'd have too many legal issues if we were to install one-way mirrors in them. But when it's dark on the floor, you can't see very much inside them. Mostly silhouettes."

"Hot."

I liked Julia. Instantly. She was fun and enthusiastic but also had a smart head on her shoulders. I could tell why she came highly recommended in the event planning world. She was definitely someone who could boost The Sky Launch's business, and my excitement grew about the possibilities as I showed her around the club.

"This is totally perfect for Bachelorette parties, as you suggested." She wrote a couple notes down on her tablet with her stylus and turned back to face me. "Actually, I can think of a few types of events that might be interested in this venue. If you can come up with some pricing packages-" She tapped her pen across her cheek, leaving her sentence for me to finish.

"Sure thing." Damn, did that sound too eager? I really wanted to make this deal, to prove that I could do all the things I'd said I could when I applied for the promotion. And, to be honest, I wanted Hudson to be proud of me.

I wasn't taking notes on paper, but I was mentally. "Do you have some things you'd like to see in particular as part of the packages?"

She nodded energetically, her dull brown curls sweeping her shoulders as she did. "A dollar amount at the bar is a must. Perhaps a selection of appetizers. Few pre-brides will be expecting dinner when they're clubbing, so light on the food and heavy on the drinks."

That had been pretty much what I'd been thinking. "Would add-ons be of interest? Like male waiters or a penis-shaped cake?"

She laughed. "I think you know what you're doing."

A bleep bleep came from Julia's purse. "Ah, that's my partner," she said, digging inside. "He was overseeing arrangements for an event we have later and said he'd join me here if he got free." She retrieved her phone and read the screen. "Yay, he's here. Mind if he comes up?"

"Not at all. The front doors are locked, though, since we're not open during the day. I'll have to walk down and let him in."

"I'll come with you." She followed me as I exited the bubble room. "I want to get his feedback from the moment he enters. See if he loves it as much as I do. I can't believe I had no idea this place existed!"

We walked back down the stairs and through the club, Julia commenting on different features of the club as we passed them.

She nodded to the bar on the lower level as we passed. "I'm so glad there's a bar on each floor."

"There are two bars on this floor: the main one and a smaller side one that we only operate on the weekends. Food is only served upstairs. So the first floor is tailored for drinking and dancing while the upstairs level with the bubble rooms and lounging areas is geared more toward socializing."

"Nice. And you can rent out the entire club for events?"

"Of course."

"Can you put together some packaging for that? I know some corporations that might like this for holiday parties and such." She pointed to a counter near the front of the club. "And what's this? An information desk?"

"That's the coat check." Or a fabulous place to make out, I thought, remembering how Hudson and I had spent some time in there one evening before my shift. "Oh, whoops! That's not supposed to be there." I grabbed a serving tray that had been left on the coatroom counter.

"I'll put this away while you let him in."

I skipped back up the ramp to the front bar to deposit the tray behind the counter then headed back.

As I returned, I heard Julia gushing about The Sky Launch to her partner, whose back was to me. "It's an amazing club, baby. A total gem."

Baby, huh? Partner must mean more than just in business.

"Plus we'd be hooked up to Pierce Industries, and that's a major bonus for us. We have to score this deal. I can already think of two couples this place would appeal to." Julia's tone echoed the excitement I felt about our impending venture. "The Fredericks for one."

Julia spotted me walking toward them. "Here she is. Alayna Withers, I'd like you to meet my boyfriend and partner at Party Planners Plus-"

Her partner turned around to face me, and I nearly choked as Julia finished her introduction.

"Paul Kresh."

My heart stopped. Literally stopped for the space of two beats. Paul Kresh, the man I'd stalked and terrorized. God, oh god. He had a restraining order out on me. I couldn't be within one hundred feet of him and there he was, standing a yard in front of me, his features frozen in a state of shock that had to mirror mine.

Fuck.

There went my affiliation with Party Planners Plus.

Julia carried on, unaware of anything odd between her boyfriend-that's what she'd called him, anyway-and me. "Paul, this is Alayna, the...Wait."

She paused and I worried she'd figured it out, that she'd pieced together his expression and my name. If she knew about me, that was.

But when she spoke again, her words were harmless. "I'm sorry. I don't even know your title." She laughed, and I blinked at the oddness of the sound in contrast to the panic that was rushing through my veins.

David and I had come up with my official title only the day before, but I was so stunned by Paul's arrival and Julia's obliviousness that it took me a second to respond. "Um, Events and Promotional Manager."

I didn't know if I should shake his hand or run. If I should act like an old friend or as if we'd never met.

Paul made the decision for me. Smiling stiffly, he held his hand out. "Pleasure to meet you." His tone was steady. Not sure and commanding and unflinching like Hudson's, but unfazed nonetheless.

I took his hand, my fingers wrapping limply around his. "No, the pleasure's mine." That's what you say to new business affiliates when you meet them, right? Because nothing I could think of sounded correct or harmless. Did it sound like I was flirting? Because I was not. Was. Not. There wasn't any interest in my body for him except to be far, far away.

I pulled my hand away first, unwilling to touch him longer than necessary.

"Paul, you've got to see this place. Can we repeat the tour?" She looked at me, wide eyed and expectant.

Hell, no. That's what I wanted to say. What I should say. But I was numb and no response came at all.

Again, Paul came to the rescue. "Actually, honey, we've really got to get going."

She took his wrist in her hand and twisted it to look at his watch. "Yeah, you're right. We have a thing tonight. Last minute details and all. Mind if I use the little girl's room before we take off?"

She blinked at me twice before I realized that the question was for me.

"Not at all, it's back at the top of the ramp, to-"

She cut me off. "I remember."

I watched as Julia climbed the ramp and disappeared around the corner. Then I found my voice. Words fell like the sweat dripping down the back of my neck. "Paul, I had no idea, I swear. I didn't have a clue that Julia was your partner or that you worked at Party Planners Plus or that you'd be here today or ever. I would have canceled if your name was anywhere attached to the business website, and how the hell would I ever know that you'd become an event planner anyway? Because when I knew you, you were an accountant in that stupid firm on Forty-Seventh-"

"Stop, Alayna." He let out a huff of air as he ran his hands through his hair. "I know you didn't plan this. There's no way you would have known." I wasn't sure if he was acknowledging my innocence in our meeting or reassuring himself. "I'm still an unofficial partner. I've been doing Julia's accounting and we only recently decided..."

His hand dropped to his side. "Anyway, that's not important. The important thing is-"

"That we absolutely don't work together. I know." As I said it, my heart sank, the ideas I'd had for teaming up with Julia rupturing like a popped balloon. "The restraining order was for five years, and I think there's two years or so left."

"A little less than two years," he corrected. "But that doesn't matter. We have to work together anyway."

"What?" I think I actually jerked in surprise.

His hand went back to his dark blond hair, brushing through it like he always did when he'd been stressed or exasperated. "I can't ruin this deal for Julia. She's hired new people recently and she's trying to expand the business. It's a good time for her, but she needs connections like this club. Connections with people like Hudson Pierce."

"But I can't be anywhere near you, let alone working with you." Hudson's name in the air made me even more uncomfortable with being alone with Paul Kresh. I didn't like Hudson being connected to my past mistakes. I was in serious violation of a restraining order that I'd already violated once. My hands balled at my sides, my fingernails digging into my skin at the thought of what would happen if the cops found out.

As if reading my mind, Paul said, "I'm not going to report you. You didn't know. And going forward I'm not going to say a damn word." His eyes narrowed. "Unless you f**king show up on my doorstep, or in my office-"

"I'm not!" I clasped my hands together and put them to my lips, calming myself before speaking again. I counted to ten in wicked speed. "I'm not like that anymore. I'm better. I got counseling. I haven't even thought about you since..." Since the night before when I'd told Hudson about him. "Well, I'm better. And I'm with someone."

I was so much better. There was a time where I would have been dizzy and heartsick over even the slightest thought of Paul Kresh. Now he was nothing but a mistake. A problem I couldn't wait to go away.

"Good. That's good to hear. I'm glad you're better." Paul looked me over. "And I believe you. You look better. I don't know...healthy or something."

"Thank you." Getting emotionally and physically better had improved my physical being. I'd gained weight-mostly muscle-and my skin tone had improved.

Paul seemed to be taking those changes in and my stomach clenched with the urge to throw up.

He must have caught himself, because he suddenly turned away, gazing up the ramp where Julia had gone. "Look, Julia knows nothing about you or Melissa or that I was engaged before."

"Nice. Secretive relationships for the win," I said sarcastically.

He ignored my remark. "We'll simply have to agree to keep all the past under wraps. Not a word that we've ever met before today. We can do that. I know you can." His tone was caustic, as if he had a bad taste in his mouth. "You were always good at acting like things were just fine."

I fought the urge to kick him in the shins. "Paul, this is a bad idea. A really bad idea for me."

He stepped toward me, a finger pointed in my direction. "You owe me. You owe me this at least. Don't you think?"

Fuck. He had me there. Didn't I owe him a whole shit load? Sure he'd been a dick at every opportunity, but that didn't excuse the way I'd invaded his life. And paying him back, cleaning the slate-it sounded awfully appealing.

Against every warning siren blaring in my head, I said the words I hoped I didn't live to regret. "All right." I swallowed and said it again. "All right. I'll pretend we just met."

"Fine. You'll be working mostly with Julia anyway. We won't see each other. It shouldn't be an issue."

I put my hand over my churning stomach and nodded weakly.

"Alayna, hey!" The female voice came from the opposite direction of where Julia had gone.

I squinted toward the sound and found Celia making her way toward us. Really? Could this day get any more complicated? Or filled with people I wasn't supposed to be with?

"What-what are you doing here?" My voice was dazed.

"You never called me for coffee and I didn't have your number so I stopped by."

I hadn't called her because Hudson and I had agreed not to see her without each other. I certainly hadn't expected her to show up out of the blue. And, how had she gotten in anyway? I frowned. The door had been locked and should have stayed locked after Julia let Paul in. Maybe they hadn't shut the door hard enough.

"How did you know I was here?" Was my head muddled or was her appearance as baffling as Paul's?

"Jordan told me."

Of course. Her endless connections to Hudson's life. Why was I even surprised anymore?

"Is something wrong?" Concern laced Celia's question.

"No...I...well." My head hurt, my stomach hurt, my mouth was dry and I felt shaky. "Everything's fine."

I followed Celia's questioning glance to Paul. Oh, yeah. Fucking Paul. "Celia this is a potential business associate, Paul Kresh." I turned to Paul, unable to look him in the eye. "This is a friend of my boyfriend's, Celia Werner."

Paul's brow rose. "As in, Warren Werner?"

"Uh-huh." Celia straightened at the mention of her father's name, ready to be the show pony that she was raised to be.

Paul broke into a smile. "We did an event for your mother once. I didn't actually talk to you, but I saw you around."

"What company did you say you worked for?"

"Party Planners Plus. My girlfriend is the owner and I recently joined on board as her partner." Paul's eyes traveled toward the ramp. "Here she is now." He turned his focus to his girlfriend. "Julia, this is Celia Werner. You remember when we did that event for Madge Werner."

Julia's eyes brightened. "Totally. It was at the MoMA last spring."

"Ah, that was you? How nice to meet you. It turned out lovely, no matter what my mother said."

Julia and Paul exchanged a glance that said there must have been a story behind the matter. Frankly, though I would usually be curious about the gossip regarding Celia's mother, at the moment I couldn't care less. There were too many conflicting pieces of my life trying to meet up in one place-Celia, Paul, trying to land my first great business deal for the club-once again, I felt the urge to throw up.

"I hope you don't mind, but as Paul said, we've got to be running." Julia smiled brightly. "It was so awesome to meet you."

I did my best to recapture the enthusiasm I'd had earlier when it was just Julia and me. "You, too. I'll draw up those packages and get back to you by tomorrow."

"Perfect!"

Paul seemed ready to leave without saying anything to me until Julia cast him a stern look. "Yes, we look forward to working with you. A joint venture would be beneficial to both of us."

I read his subtext, the reminder that I should go along with his ridiculous plan to pretend we were strangers. "I certainly hope so," I said, my face plastered into a businesslike grin.

I held my breath until the door shut behind Julia and the unwelcome ghost of my past. Then I let it out in one slow exhalation.

"What in the hell was that about?"

One stressor gone, the other still stood by me. At least I couldn't get arrested for speaking to Celia.

I headed up the ramp toward the main part of the club, hoping to somehow escape my anxiety attack.

"Laynie?" Celia pressed, following after me.

I shrugged. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"You could cut the tension with a knife."

I opened my mouth to deny it but what was the point? "Was it that obvious?"

"Yeah. It was. Wanna talk about it?"

I stopped walking and paused.

"Ooh, there's hesitation." Her eyes twinkled with the anticipation of gossip. "Let's talk about it. But not here. Over coffee."

I rubbed my fingers over my brows, trying to alleviate the throbbing behind my eyes. "All right." I didn't have the energy to argue or make up an excuse. Besides, I needed a drink, and since it was too early for liquor, coffee would make a fine replacement.

"Great! I'm sure you need to lock up. I'll head to the coffee shop next door and get us a table."

Fifteen minutes later, Celia and I were seated at my favorite cafe in Columbus Circle. I'd already downed a third of my iced double espresso and was realizing that maybe caffeine was exactly the opposite of what I needed because now my shakiness had increased to full-on jitters.

Celia had so far filled the conversation with easy topics that I was able to respond to with only one- or two-word sentences. Meanwhile, my head spun, unable to concentrate on any one thing for any length of time. The one thing I was sure of was that I shouldn't be having coffee with Celia Werner. Should. Not.

"So who was the guy?"

I rocked back and forth in my chair. "No one. A client."

"That's a lie and you know it. There was all that weird vibe stuff going on."

Her eyes bore in to me, but I was unwilling to give anything except a one-shouldered shrug. What would I tell her, anyway? Hudson didn't even want me talking to her, let alone telling her big important things. And if I did explain about Paul, what if she told Hudson?

Shit, shit, shit. Hudson.

I had the distinct feeling that he would not approve of my working with Paul Kresh. And it wasn't like it was something I could necessarily hide. Hudson did own the club, after all. Fuck, f**k, f**k.

Unaware of the turmoil in my mind, Celia tried another method of getting the dirt. "I mean, I get it. He's yummy, as in I wouldn't mind having him in my bed for a night or twelve."

I chortled. "Good luck with that. His business partner is also his girlfriend." Of course, Paul had been engaged when he hooked up with me. "On second thought, you probably still have a chance."

"Obviously you speak from experience."

No shit, Sherlock. I was about as experienced as you could get when it came to Paul Kresh. I knew his habits, his patterns, his workout schedule. Details of his life I'd committed so deeply to memory that they were impossible to forget. Keeping it all bottled up wasn't helping. I'd learned to cope through talking. I needed to talk.

"Tell me. You know you want to."

Celia was right. I did want to tell her. So I did.

Hudson had told Celia a few things about my past, but I wasn't entirely sure what so I told her everything. When I finished she was silent and wide-eyed for several seconds.

"Damn," she said finally.

"Right?"

"Like, ugh. I don't even know what to say." She took a deep breath and straightened from her leaned-in position. "Does Hudson know?"

"He knows about the restraining order, of course. He told you about that, didn't he?"

She nodded. "He mentioned something about it."

I tried not to be embarrassed that he'd shared that with Celia. I'd already guessed she knew that much. It made sense why he'd told her. She was in on the scam we'd tried to pull on Sophia and it was important that Celia knew all the details, I supposed.

Whatever. It didn't matter what Hudson had said or why, because now I'd told it all to Celia myself. "But he doesn't know I met with Paul today. I didn't know I was meeting with him until he showed up. Now I don't know what to do."

I sipped at the straw of my iced espresso that was mostly water by that point. "The obvious answer is to not work with him. That's what I have to do. And Paul can say whatever he wants, but I can't put myself and The Sky Launch in that kind of jeopardy."

"There you go! You got it worked out." Celia's eyes narrowed as if she were considering. "Except..."

I had a whole bunch of "excepts" running through my mind. Except working with Paul would be good for the club. Except I owed him. Except he might get mad and cause me trouble if I didn't go on board with his scheme. Except I really wanted Hudson to think I could do good things with his club.

I wondered what Celia's "except" was. "Except what?"

"Party Planners Plus is getting a really good name around town. It's impossible to please my mother and she was almost happy with what they did at the MoMA. That's saying a lot. They'd do great things for the club." She took a sip of her nonfat latte. "And Hudson would be proud."

"Are you reading my mind?"

She smiled. "I'm just thinking logically." She set her drink down and seemed to go into planning mode. "Would you have to work with Paul hands-on?"

"No, I think I could go strictly through Julia."

"You could make that a stipulation to signing a contract with them."

"But Hudson would freak! My brother would freak!" I said it before I remembered that I'd cut Brian out of my life. "Not that I'm speaking to my brother, but he worked his ass off to get me out of the whole Paul debacle."

Celia didn't bat an eye. "Don't tell him. Don't tell either of them."

"How can I hide Paul from Hudson? He owns the club!"

"Your contact is going to be with the girlfriend, right? If Hudson happens to see the paperwork-which is unlikely-it will say Party Planners Plus. If I remember correctly, Paul's not even really an owner. It's legally all in Julia's name."

"Right, right. That's right." I was impressed. Celia was actually good at this scheming stuff. "But since that's the case, maybe I should tell Hudson."

"You can tell him, but if I know Hudson-and I do-there's no way he'll let you keep that contract. He's too protective of things he considers his. And in this case, that's not only The Sky Launch, it's you."

My feminist side wanted to get pissy at being considered a man's object, but the in love side-the more dominant side, at the moment-blushed in agreement. "I know. It was worth a shot though."

"So you have two options: forget the contract or forget telling Hudson."

I didn't like either choice. But I wanted that contract. Badly. So badly I could taste it. And feeling like it was a way to pay back Paul made the decision all the richer. "I won't tell him. I'll work with Party Planners and Hudson will never be the wiser."

"Then I won't tell him either." She put her hand up and dangled her last finger. "Pinky swear."

Her promise made me feel better. Made me feel like I had someone on my side. Made the lie seem less likely to explode in my face. "Thank you. Talking to you really helps me figure things out."

"Of course it does." She smiled in that way where she knew she was adorable and made no apology for it. "Hey, why didn't you call me this morning anyway?"

I took another sip of my watered-down drink while I decided if I should tell her the truth or make up an excuse. After I'd been honest about everything else, I settled on the truth. "I didn't think it was a good idea to see you. Hudson wasn't happy when he found out we chatted yesterday."

"Hmm. I imagine he didn't." She rubbed her lips together, and I wondered briefly how she kept her gloss looking so fresh all the time. "Well, tell you what," she said after a minute. "We don't have to tell him about this either. I didn't tell Jordan I was going to go find you so I'm sure he wouldn't say anything. You could just not say anything either."

The thought had crossed my mind, but only fleetingly. "I'm not sure if I'm good with keeping it from him." The list of things I wasn't telling Hudson was getting much longer than I felt was acceptable. My past with David, working with Paul, now seeing Celia behind his back. I looked at my watch. It was only a little after one. Was that too early to have a beer?

"Sure, I get that. I'm not trying to encourage keeping secrets or anything, but he's so weird where you're concerned. Protective or something. The last time I talked to you, he was pissed for days. He thinks I'm going to turn you against him or something." She rolled her eyes. "But it's up to you. Just let me know so I'm on the same page."

"Okay." But I planned on telling Hudson about Celia. We were supposed to be working on honesty and the weight from two secrets was heavy enough without adding a third one.

Chapter Six

"Precious."

It was a quarter after two when I answered my phone to Hudson's voice. We hadn't seen each other that morning. He'd slipped out while I was asleep in his bed, but he'd left my phone next to my head and a text message flashed on it telling me to make myself at home and he'd call me later.

Now, hearing him on the other end of the line, I realized how much I'd missed him in the mere handful of hours we'd been apart.

"Hey," I sighed into the receiver. "I'm glad you called."

"I said that I would."

We'd had so few phone conversations that they still took me by surprise, still delighted me to no end. "I'm glad both that you said you would and that you did."

"You are easily pleased." The smile on his face was apparent through the phone. "How has your day been?"

"Dreadful until this very moment." After Celia and I had parted ways, I'd thrown myself into putting together packages for Julia. The work had been fun and had occupied my mind completely. Still, the horror of the morning clung to me like a shadow.

"Oh? Why? What's wrong?" Immediately Hudson was on guard, ready to fight whatever battle I was facing.

His reaction made me eager to tell him about seeing Paul, but I swiftly reminded myself why that would be a bad idea. "Nothing. Nothing's wrong. Just everything is dreadful in comparison to being with you."

"I feel the same."

Just like that, Hudson could make me weak in the knees. "You don't know what that does to me to hear you say that."

"I can imagine." The husky tone of his words suggested he was imagining much naughtier things than he was saying out loud.

"How did your meetings go?" His change of subject was abrupt, and I was sure he'd been thinking naughty things and now he needed a safer topic of discussion.

Though pleased at Hudson's obvious arousal, I felt the chill of a shadow at the mention of my earlier meeting. "I've only met with one company so far. And it went well. I have to follow up, but I'm pretty sure it's a done deal."

"Of course it is. Who wouldn't want to work with you?"

"Should I make a list?" Before that morning, that list would have included Paul Kresh. Funny how quickly things changed.

"Yes, do. And I'll have each and every one of them shot." Something told me he was only half-kidding. Maybe even less than half. "Do you have any plans this evening?"

I switched over to my browser on my computer and loaded up an image of Hudson to stare at while he spoke. "I had planned to be adored by a hot, virile man." I traced my finger along the strong jaw of the picture on my monitor. "But I could cancel with him if you have something better in mind."

"You're teasing."

"Am I?"

"You are, and I don't like it." His jealous growl was a turn-on. "Some people I know are holding an event at the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens and I'd like to be there. With you."

"I'm all yours, H. Every time."

"Good. I'll pick you up at the club around six."

I looked down at my outfit-a dark green flare dress with a cut-out row of crisscrosses across my abdomen. It had a sense of class to it but perhaps was a little too risque. "No, pick me up at my apartment. I need to change first."

"What you're wearing is perfect."

"How do you know what I'm wearing?" I looked around, half-surprised when I didn't see him standing in the office doorway. "Do you have security cameras in the club or something?" I wouldn't put it past him. I shivered, realizing what else cameras might have recorded. Like my meeting with Paul.

"Of course I have cameras. But I don't monitor their feed. Jordan told me what you were wearing."

"Ah, yes, Jordan." This was the second time my actions had been given away by him. If Hudson had spoken to my driver today, had he learned that Celia had been inquiring after me? How much did Hudson rely on Jordan to fill him in?

I tensed, the stress of carrying my secrets beginning to wear on me and raising my level of paranoia. "Tell me-is Jordan more than just my driver?"

"You didn't want a bodyguard. I had to compromise."

Hudson's matter-of-factness was almost as unnerving as what he was admitting. "So Jordan spies on me for you?"

"Spy is not an accurate description of what he does. He drives you places, makes sure you're safe, and reports back to me."

For a moment I considered arguing about the arrangement. But after I let the idea settle, I realized it wasn't so bad to be cared for by an overly cautious boyfriend.

I exhaled, letting my anxiety go.

"I heard that sigh. Tell me what bothers you about this?"

"Nothing, really. Only I wouldn't have come on to Jordan so unmistakably if I'd known he was reporting back to you." It was an obvious joke, considering Jordan was hired to drive me because he was g*y.

"We both know that didn't happen," he scolded. "That's twice you've tried to rile me. What exactly is your motive?"

"No motive. It's just fun to hear you get all possessive alpha male."

"If you want possessive alpha male, I can certainly comply."

I smiled, leaning back into my seat. "I want you to be you. Which is already really possessive alpha male, but if there's more of that you're keeping from me, bring it on."

"I changed my mind. I'll pick you up at five-thirty."

"Okay. Extra stop planned?"

"No. I need time to f**k you on the way over in the limo without worrying about being rushed."

I was glad I was already seated. Otherwise, I may have hit the floor. "You need to mark your territory?"

"I need to be inside you. Otherwise, I'll be uncomfortably hard and unable to concentrate on business."

I closed my eyes and let my mind fill with his dirty plans. "Then I shall be waiting at five-thirty."

"Be ready for me."

"I will be." I had an appointment with another event planner, but it was scheduled for four. Plenty of time. "I should be done with my appointments by five."

"When I said ready, I meant that I want you wet."

"Oh. Well, I'm sure that won't be a problem." It never was where Hudson was concerned, especially when he exerted his alpha male persona. "But maybe you can send me some dirty texts on your way to help heighten the mood."

"I'm sure that could be arranged."

"Awesome."

It was ten minutes before Hudson was supposed to arrive when he sent his first text, and honestly, by that time I'd forgotten to expect it. So when my phone buzzed that I'd received it, I read it without preparing myself. Which was a mistake.

"I'm craving the taste of your pu**y on my lips."

"Everything okay?" David had arrived a few minutes before and my shock at Hudson's message must have read across my face.

"Yeah. I'm fine. I'm...just..."

A second text buzzed through before I could finish my thought. "I've been thinking about it all day. Your pu**y. How it feels, how it tastes, how it smells."

Followed by a third. "And the sounds you make when I'm touching you and eating you."

My body felt warm. "Uh, Hudson's on his way," I managed. "I didn't realize it was already so late."

"Then better get wrapped up. Don't want to leave the boss waiting."

I internally cringed at David's reference to Hudson as the boss-Hudson hated that-then sent a quick text reply. "I'm already wet." Nothing had ever been truer.

I'd only had time to shut my laptop and stand from the couch where I'd been working before his next message came through.

"I'm hard for you, too. So hard it hurts."

I turned away from David, fearful he could guess the gist of my text conversation if I didn't hide my face. "What will you do to me when you're with me?"

Hudson's response came quickly, but I waited until I'd packed away my laptop in my computer bag before reading what he had to say.

"First I'll spank you for teasing me with talk of other men."

"Then?"

"Come outside and find out."

"You're here? You came early." Thank god I'd already finished my work. I was suddenly desperate to see Hudson, glad that I could leave immediately.

"Have a good night, David," I said, barely paying attention to his response as I left the office, reading Hudson's next text as I walked.

"No. I'm f**king hard as stone for you, but I won't come early." His next text came before I had a chance to respond. "Get out here."

Computer bag on my shoulder, purse tucked away inside it, I was practically running, stopping only to text one quick word. "Coming."

I waited until I was about to step out of the club to read his final reply. "Yes. You will be."

I shielded my eyes as I walked into the sunlight and saw Jordan standing with the door of the car open. Not just any car-a limo.

I raised a surprised brow as I approached. "Fancy ride." Maybe I should have insisted on going home to change. I was definitely not dressed for black tie.

Jordan nodded but offered no explanation.

I poked my head in the back of the car and shrieked as Hudson's strong arms pulled me, belly down, across his lap. His hand was under my skirt fondling my rump before Jordan had the door shut behind me.

"Well, hello to you, too," I purred under his caress.

He gathered the material of my dress up around my waist, exposing my thong-wearing ass cheeks. "The fancy ride is merely for privacy. No one should witness the things I intend to do to you on the way to our event."

Craning my neck to see his face, I asked, "And what, pray tell, do you intend to do?"

"First, this." His hand came down hard on my bottom, and I gasped. Hudson had swatted me before, but spanking-this was new. And it was hot.

I was vaguely aware that the car hadn't moved yet when his hand came down again even harder this time. "One for each time you teased me about other men today," he said.

It suddenly felt very Dominant/submissive to me-like something I'd read about in a trashy romance novel where the billionaire alpha hero got off on whips and chains. Though Hudson was definitely domineering, and the spanking was a nice treat, I was pretty sure it wasn't a lifestyle either of us planned to explore any deeper. It was too base of a form of control for Hudson-he preferred his domination with a heavy dose of manipulation. At least, according to what I knew about his past.

But role-playing-that was a different thing entirely and likely up Hudson's alley. I decided to test it out. In an affected meek voice, I said, "Thank you, sir. Thank you for the spanking."

Hudson laughed. "Do you need another one for mocking me?"

Either he wasn't getting it or he wasn't into it. I tried my submissive tone again. "I'm not mocking, sir. I enjoy my punishment, if it pleases you."

"Oh, we're playing that game, are we?" And the light bulb goes on. "In that case, another one because it pleases me." He spanked me again, the slapping sound such a turn on that I squirmed in his lap. "And another for the secret you've been keeping."

My breath caught. We were playing a game. He couldn't be serious. Still, dread gathered in my belly at the thought of things he might have found out. "What secret is that, sir?"

"That you enjoy being spanked. I can smell how wet you are from here."

A combination of relief and arousal washed over me. "Yes, sir. I do."

His finger slipped past the small triangle of material at my crotch and inside my cunt. "Yes, you certainly do. You're dripping."

His hand retreated and he spanked me once more, rubbing away the sting before sitting me upright next to him. Then he reached over to grab the seatbelt and pull it across me. "I insist you buckle up while we're driving. I have to protect what's mine."

I smiled. It was actually I who insisted on seatbelts whenever we were in the car. The whole parents dying in a car accident thing really sheds light on the importance of safety. It was a good move on his part, though. Quite in character. Not for the first time, I saw flashes of the man who liked to play games more often. Perhaps this little bit of role play could be a way for him to act out the part he'd so long taken with other women.

Since Hudson seemed to be enjoying the fun, I turned up my performance. "But sir, how can I ever please you when I'm held to one spot?"

"Are you challenging my decision?" His eyes twinkled with a wicked gleam. "Because I'm not above putting you back over my knee."

"I'm sure you're not. Sir." He'd enjoyed the spanking as much as I had.

His eyes narrowed, but he left me in my spot. After we were both secured in our seats, Hudson pressed the intercom. "Jordan, we're ready."

As the car lurched into traffic, Hudson looked me over, his eyes heavy-lidded. "Turn in your seat as much as you can to face me."

I did as he commanded, shifting as much as the seatbelt would allow. I had no idea what he had planned, where he would take this game, and the anticipation sent a shiver through my body.

With one hand around my nape, he brought me in for a rough kiss. I heard his other hand working the fly of his pants as he stroked into my mouth with long licks of his tongue. He continued his assault for several minutes, leaving my lips plump and raw when he pulled me away from him with a tug of my hair.

As if by magnetic force, my interest was drawn down to his stunning cock, bare and ready.

He pulled my hair until my gaze returned to his. "Eyes on me."

The smartass part of me wanted to say that my eyes had been on him-on a deliciously exciting piece of him. But I knew what he meant, and smartass wasn't part of the role I was playing, so I kept my mouth shut.

"Good girl." His hand was still tangled in my locks. "That kiss was to set the tone. Now you will suck me off. And I want it to feel like that kiss."

"Okay. Now as in now?" God, I was a shitty submissive.

"Yes, now."

I inhaled his unique scent as I bent forward, eager as always to take him into my mouth. My usual c**k sucking ritual involved lots of licking and teasing, but if the tone was to mirror the kiss, then I had to assume he wanted me to skip the foreplay. Instead of licking, as I'd normally begin with, I circled both hands around his penis and sucked his crown.

I took his low hiss as a sign of approval.

Fisting him at his base with one hand, I covered my teeth with my lips, hollowed my cheeks and pumped him with my hand and mouth in tandem.

His voice was strained as he encouraged me. "Like that, Alayna. Just...oh, god...just like that."

I loved giving him pleasure, loved pleasing him. He grew thicker as I picked up my tempo, greedily sucking, brushing my tongue across the thick ridge of his shaft as I bobbed up and down.

"Yes, Alayna. You feel so good." He was still in control, though. And I wanted him crazed.

I moved my free hand to cup his balls, rolling them gently in my palm in complete contrast to the frantic way I worked at his shaft with my lips and my tongue.

"Christ...Alayna..." It was then that he took over. He wove his fingers into my hair and directed my head to move at his pace, pushing me down to take him in deeper, deeper, deeper, his h*ps thrusting up as he f**ked my mouth.

I tightened my grip at the root of him, hungry and greedy for his cl**ax. He was so thick and so close and the idea that he might stop me before he reached the goal made me all the more desperate for his release. I was squirming with lust, so turned on by his primal need, by the intense pleasure that I was giving him-I moaned low and deep, the vibration of the tone spinning inside my head and against his shaft.

Hudson's grasp tightened in my hair. "Fuck!" he rasped. "I'm going to come. Take it, Alayna. Take it all."

I moaned again, partly because I couldn't contain how excited I was, partly to push him over the edge.

And it worked.

He poured into me with a long grunt of pleasure as his h*ps thrust up hard, his c**k twitching as it hit the back of my throat. My fist pumped him as he came and came and came. And I took it all. Just like he'd asked, like I'd wanted, though I felt near choking and I could barely breathe. I took every last drop, licking him clean while he shuddered beneath me.

When he was spent, his hand relaxed at my nape and I sat up to face him. Instantly he pulled me in for another kiss, this one sweeter than before, the taste of his mouth mingling with the taste of his se**n until all I could recognize was a flavor that was unique and new, yet all Hudson.

"Thank you," I murmured against his lips. He had been playing at lord and master but he'd succeeded in pleasing me. I'd wanted to taste him, had yearned for him to finish in my mouth. Not because I was especially in love with giving blowjobs, but I wanted every experience with Hudson-the good, the bad, and especially the carnal. I recognized it for the gift that it was, and it made the episode all the more wonderful.

He sat back, stroking my hair from my face. "Alayna." I adored how he said my name, how it always felt like he was saying so much more with only those three syllables. Like a prayer, like a touchstone. It made me feel beautiful. Who was I kidding? It was what made me beautiful.

His gray eyes searched mine for long seconds. "How does it feel to belong to me?"

I didn't know if he was still playing or not. For me, the game was over. It was with sincerity that I answered. "Perfect."

Chapter Seven

Hudson was not willing to let me go unsatisfied. By the time we'd reached the Brooklyn Botanic Gardens, I was spent and ready for a nap. Hudson, on the other hand, seemed revived, a smug grin on his face as he took my hand, escorting me out of the limo.

An attractive blonde with Eighties pink nail polish stood at the main entrance, checking invitations as guests made their way into the gardens. Hudson was allowed in without flashing any credentials.

"You seem awfully pleased with yourself," I whispered as we entered the grounds.

He dismissed my comment. "Everyone knows who I am."

"That's not what you seem pleased about."

He shot me a wicked grin. "I think I deserve to be pleased. A lot was accomplished within a relatively short amount of time."

"If by a lot was accomplished you mean I can barely walk, then yes, you're correct." I'd never had sex in a moving vehicle before, and considering my rigid seatbelt safety policy, it hadn't ever occurred to me that it would be something I'd want to do. Hudson, however, made everything seem like something I'd want to do, when it involved him anyway. And the man's skills in the bedroom apparently carried to the backseats of cars as well, his expert techniques and positions making me come without ever having to unbuckle.

We walked along a pathway to the atrium where dinner was being served buffet-style. Around us, the pleasant smells and aromas of the fresh outdoors overcame me, putting me in a relaxed mood that was impossible to achieve in the hustle and bustle of the city. It was amazing that such a place existed so close to the chaos of NYC.

"What is this event for anyway?"

"It's sponsored by CotF," Hudson answered. "Children of the Future. They're a foundation that provides resources for foster children. This event is a thank you for those who have donated."

"And how much have you donated?" It truly interested me the causes Hudson contributed to.

"Not how much, what."

I looked at him questioningly.

"I donated a school."

Holy shit. A whole school. Of course he did.

"And several scholarships on top of that. I came tonight to meet the new principal. I want the foundation's Board of Directors to realize that though I'm not hands-on with their program, I'm still around."

I shivered at his hint at omnipotence. It was the same way he handled all his business, I was finding. He left things in capable hands, yet was never too far away for things to go unnoticed. Hopefully, he trusted me enough to not notice everything going on at The Sky Launch. Like, who I was making deals with for events.

God, I had to stop dwelling on that. Hudson wouldn't find out. It would be fine.

I grabbed a glass of wine off a server's tray as he passed and downed half of it, grateful for the instant buzz.

Hudson kept his arm around me as he greeted people at the buffet. He'd told me once that he never ate at these things and now I understood why. He was too popular to ever pick up any food. I decided to wait to eat with him later, nodding and smiling as he introduced me and made small talk. But, having never been to the Brooklyn Botanic Gardens, I was also eager to explore. So when a new associate came by to say hello, I excused myself politely.

"One moment." Hudson put a finger up to pause the balding man he was speaking with. To me he said, "Alayna, you're welcome to stay."

My heart thumped loud enough I feared he'd hear it. It had been difficult for Hudson to let me in on his business dealings and inviting me to participate was a big step.

"Thank you, but I want to catch the sights before the sun sets." I squeezed his hand. "Unless you need me-"

"No." Though there was a trace of need in his tone. Need like I felt for him every minute of every day-the unquenchable desire to always be near him. "I simply want you to be comfortable. Let me introduce you before you leave. Alayna, this is Aaron Trent. Aaron, this is my girlfriend, Alayna Withers. Perhaps of more interest to you, she's also my promotions manager at The Sky Launch."

I stepped forward to take Aaron's hand.

Aaron's grip was strong, though nothing compared to Hudson's. "Nice to meet you." His greeting was dismissive and he quickly dropped my hand, turning his attention to Hudson. "The Sky Launch? I'd heard you were giving the place a makeover."

"I'm not. Alayna is."

"Great," Aaron said, but his focus stayed on Hudson. "I'd love to chat sometime about what my team could do for you."

Hudson gestured to me. "Alayna's your woman. I'm sure she'd be happy to meet with you. Alayna, Aaron owns an advertising firm. His company is quite excellent. We've used his services many times."

A surge of giddiness shot through me as I understood why Hudson had wanted me to stay. "Ah, Trent Advertising. I didn't realize you were that Trent." They were a hard firm to get in with. Hudson introducing me could be a big coup for me. If we were alone, I would have shown Hudson just how much I appreciated the connection.

Finally, Aaron turned to me. "Ms., uh..."

"Withers," Hudson filled in for him.

"Yes, Ms. Withers. Sorry, I've never been good with names."

No, you simply weren't interested in me until you realized I could give you something.

I decided to make it easy for the man. "Mr. Trent, I'd love to meet with you. Should I call your office to set something up?"

"I'd love to stop by the club when it's open, check things out so I can come up with some ideas for a campaign."

"How about tomorrow evening?" Hudson asked.

I deflated momentarily at the thought of spending a Friday evening away from Hudson. But, he was right in his suggestion. Friday was a great night to see the club at its best.

Aaron appeared as if he also regretted giving up a Friday night. But who could say no to Hudson Pierce? "Sure."

"We open at nine, but if you can come by around, say eight-thirty, we could talk a bit before it gets crazy." Good thing I had my business plan already outlined. Otherwise I'd have to pull an all-nighter to be prepared.

Aaron agreed to the time and then began discussing campaign ideas with Hudson. Feeling like a third wheel, I excused myself again, and left to wander.

I made my way first to the Shakespeare Garden with a second glass of champagne in hand, stopping here and there to admire the unusual plants, their fragrances mixing and lying heavily in the sweltering June air. From there, I journeyed through the Japanese Hill-and-Pond Garden. Astounded by the tranquil beauty in the rolling landscape, I found a bench to sit on and enjoy the view as dusk fell as I sipped on my beverage.

Now and then, other guests passed, and eventually a man in a navy suit showed up accompanied by an older gentleman with salt-and-pepper hair that matched his silver three-piece. They lingered over the pond and in the quiet gardens, their conversation drifting over to me.

"The deal closed Monday?" the navy suit asked. "Unfucking believable. You're a lucky son-of-a-bitch, you know that?"

I closed my eyes, hoping to close out the conversation that was in stark contrast to the serenity of the environment. But then, a familiar word caused my ears to perk.

"...Plexis wasn't something he wanted to let go. Had to fight him tooth and nail." It was the older guy speaking now, speaking about Hudson's beloved company that he'd fought to keep from being sold by his shareholders, but lost. "Fortunately, the rest of the board was not on Pierce's side."

This guy must work for the corporation that bought Plexis out from under Hudson.

"So what are your plans now?" the younger guy echoed my internal questions.

"With Plexis? Well, there's a lot of money in it if we break it up and sell off the pieces."

My stomach fell with the salt-and-pepper's admission. It was exactly what Hudson had been afraid would happen. It would mean a lot of jobs lost.

"But we're not discounting the idea of reselling it as a whole." The older man turned toward the younger, eyebrow raised. "If we had a good offer."

"Oh, are you expecting me to offer?" Navy suit guy took a step back. "Don't get me wrong, I'd love to get my hands on Plexis, but I don't have that sort of money right now."

"Just thought I'd put the bug in your ear. In case."

The men resumed walking the path, the older one smiling at me as he passed.

I waited until they were several feet away before I shot up from the bench and headed off in the opposite direction, back toward Hudson. This was his chance to get Plexis back, to turn it into the company he'd envisioned it could be. I'd even helped him work out some preliminary ideas on how to make it profitable. I was as excited as I hoped Hudson would be, knew he would be.

It took a bit of searching before I spotted Hudson in the Cherry Esplanade. He was conversing with a striking auburn-haired woman, maybe a little older than me. An unexpected knot of jealousy formed in my gut, and I had to keep myself from running to his side.

He saw me as I approached, his eyes beaming with a fondness that made the knot loosen. "Alayna."

The way my name slid off his tongue-it never failed to make me dizzy.

Hudson turned to the woman who I could now see was definitely older than me, perhaps by ten years. "Please meet my girlfriend, Alayna Withers. She's running the promotional division of one of my nightclubs."

The woman introduced herself before Hudson had a chance. "Hi. Norma Anders." Her focus went right back to Hudson. "I hadn't realized you were seeing anyone, Hudson."

"We've been private. Her wishes, not mine." Hudson's lie tickled me. "But I've finally convinced her we should tell everyone."

Norma's mouth tightened as her eyes swept me from head to toe. "Congratulations, then. Honestly, I'm glad you're done with the Werner girl. She was entirely too bubbly for you, if you ask me. Plus, I never trusted her. She was up to something, Hudson."

I tensed. Never mind that the woman obviously felt familiar enough with my man to give him dating advice, she had thought Celia and Hudson were together. I'd thought that had only been the perception of their parents. Was there something I was missing?

Hudson straightened at the mention of Celia as well, and I felt his eagerness to get away from Norma-to get me away from Norma.

"It was nice to see you here tonight, Norma. Those reports-"

She touched his arm as if it was second nature. "I'll get them to you on Monday."

"Thank you, Norma."

It was a good thing Hudson pulled me into his side and led me away or I may have socked the woman in her hazel eye. Or punched him. "First name basis, huh? That's...different." Hudson rarely called anyone by first name unless they were important to him.

He was nonplussed by my aggravation. "We've known each other for years. First name basis becomes inevitable after so much time."

"Why does she think you were seeing Celia?" It felt like the Celia/Hudson conversation was a dead horse, yet new information kept popping up, and there I went beating it again.

"Celia often accompanied me to charity events and functions where Norma saw me socially. You know that."

A blush crept up the back of my neck. I'd never told him that I'd internet-stalked him. That's where I'd seen the dozens of pictures of him with Celia. He knew me too well.

His hand loosened at my hip. "Norma must have assumed we were a couple. It never occurred to me to correct her."

My mouth tasted bitter. "Because you liked that people thought you were with Celia."

"Because I liked that Norma thought I was off-limits."

"Oh." Maybe I could let the Celia horse rest for a while. But now I had a whole other slew of questions about Norma.

But before I could ask, he offered. "Norma manages the financial division of one of my companies."

"Then you're co-workers." I wondered how she'd gotten such an elite position. Had she slept her way to the top? The familiarity she had with him was unnerving.

His mouth twitched, fighting a smile. "Why, Alayna, this shade of jealousy is becoming on you."

I clenched my jaw. "That's not a comforting response."

"Not co-workers. Boss and employee."

Though I appreciated that he'd taken my mood seriously, his answer irked me. Hudson was technically my boss, after all. "That's a familiar scenario."

He stopped suddenly and turned to face me full on, his eyes blazing with determined insistence. "I've never been your boss, Alayna. If anything, you're the one who owns me."

Well, wow.

Whatever Norma had with Hudson, she didn't have what I had. The realization was moving.

Unable to maintain the intense eye contact, I turned my gaze to the Esplanade that I hadn't quite taken in as of yet. The lush grassy spread was lined with large cherry trees, full and green.

Hudson followed my stare. "Have you seen pictures of the cherry blossoms when they're in bloom?"

"No." I'd seen pictures of the Washington D.C. Cherry Blossom Festival and imagined the Esplanade must be nearly as beautiful.

"It's breathtaking. All the trees filled with pink popcorn. The fragrance is absolutely incredible." He swept his thumb across my cheek. "We'll come here in the spring."

"That sounds lovely." I meant it. At the same time, my stomach twisted at both the prospect of still being with Hudson in the spring and the idea that I owned him. Both notions were so completely wonderful and also entirely too rushed. Could I maintain a relationship with him that long? Could I live up to the woman he obviously saw me as to him?

Rather than dwell on it, I refocused my mind on the bit of news that had set me searching for him in the first place. "Hey, I have something to tell you that you might be interested in."

Placing his arm at the small of my back, Hudson directed me out of the Esplanade.

"It doesn't have to be now," I said, realizing his intention to take me up on my information at that very moment. "You can finish your mingling first."

His mouth was hot at my ear. "The only mingling that interests me at the moment is the mingling of our genitalia."

"You're insatiable. You had me in the car." But his suggestion caused my skin to tingle with want and anticipation.

"It wasn't enough." He pulled me off the path through a hole in the hedges-somewhere we certainly weren't allowed to be-and pushed me up against a tall tree, his hip anchoring me in place. "I can never have enough of you."

My breath caught in a moment of complete adoration for the man in front of me. This man who had worked through his own demons to let me in his life, had ignored every natural inclination to stay closed off and instead was trying his damndest to be with me in the way we both wanted.

I buried my gaze in his eyes. "I love you."

He bent closer, his nose grazing the skin of my cheek. "Is that what you pulled me away to tell me? I'm not complaining if it is."

I giggled. "You pulled me away, not the other way around, silly. And it's not what I had to tell you. But I'm glad every time I get to say it."

Hudson's mouth curled into a slow smile, but movement on the path nearby caught my attention. I turned my head toward the small group walking up and spotted the salt-and-pepper man walking past. "Actually, you picked the perfect location. You see that man over there?"

Hudson followed my eyes. "The one in the tan?"

"The man next to him." I gave him a minute to make sure he got a good look. "Do you know him?"

"Not that I recall. Should I?"

I shrugged. "Not necessarily. But I overheard him talking with another guy-" I swiveled my neck around, looking for the other man. "-that I can't see right now. Anyway, not important. The salt-and-pepper man works for the company that purchased-wait for it-Plexis."

Hudson relaxed his hold on me and studied the man one more time before he walked past. "How do you know this?"

"I heard him. When I was wandering earlier. He was boasting about how he was lucky to snatch such an amazing company from the likes of Hudson Pierce."

Hudson's posture stiffened. "Go on."

I bit my lip. "You were right. They're planning to dismantle the company."

"Damn it." It wasn't often that Hudson showed any emotion where business was concerned-or showed any emotion period-yet I'd guessed he'd felt passionately about the company he'd lost. Now I knew for sure.

It made my next bit of news so much sweeter to deliver. "But he mentioned that they might be interested in selling if they got a good offer first." I waited until I saw the wheels spinning behind his eyes. "You know what that means? It means all you need to do is get in there with a good offer."

In a flash, he had me pinned again, pushing his body heavily against mine. "How about I get in you with a good offer?"

"Hudson!" I pushed lightly at his chest. "I'm serious."

"So am I." He nibbled along my jawline.

Unable to ever resist his advances, my body was already yielding, melting underneath him, throbbing with need to be closer. Still my brain continued to pursue answers. "I thought Plexis meant something to you."

"It does." He smiled as he bent in toward my lips.

I swerved my head to the side and met his eyes. "Then how come all you can think about is sexing me up? Is that all I am to you?" I knew that wasn't all I was to him, and my words were more playful than anything, but I was disappointed that I'd been wrong about Hudson's commitment to Plexis.

Adjusting his grip on me, he pressed tight to me again, and moved his lips near my ear. "No, it's not. You know that your business mind turns me on to no end, especially when your business mind is looking out for my interests. And because I'm not skilled at expressing how I feel in words, I'm wishing I could show you exactly how into you I am at the moment."

I melted. Completely.

Still my brain struggled for more validation, my voice sounding soft and full of need. "So you're grateful for the information?"

"Very." He thrust against me, his hard bulge showing me exactly how grateful.

I squirmed, trying to touch as much of him with as much of me as possible. "And you're attracted to me beyond the physical?" My words were thick.

But I must have been coherent enough to be understood, because he responded between kissing and licking at my neck. "I'm attracted to everything about you-your body, your mind, your sass. Even your 'crazy,' as you call it."

"You're crazy, too, if you're serious about that last one."

His head jerked up so I could see the sincerity in his eyes. "I've never been more serious, Alayna. You're the first person I've ever met who makes me believe I might not be crazy. It's the best thing that's ever happened to me. You're the best thing that's ever happened to me."

The world stood still around me, and all I could see and hear and feel was Hudson in front of me, on me, in my skin, in my bones. "You need to rethink that whole I'm-not-good-with-words angle, because those words were perfect."

His nose brushed mine as he nodded once. "Now stop talking and let me occupy your mouth in other ways."

"What happened to that good offer you had?" I bucked my h*ps forward, searching for something to rub against, to ease the ache growing between my legs.

"Patience, precious. Patience." His lips took mine, caressing against them lightly at first then crushing forcefully, as his tongue lapped hungrily inside my mouth. Cupping his hands on each side of my face, he controlled our movements, pulling sweet sighs from my throat that he swallowed with his deep kiss. My own hands pressed into the tree, the bark stinging against my skin in stark contrast to the sweet ecstasy of Hudson's mouth on mine.

I was lost to everything but him and his all-consuming kiss.

"Excuse me. Excuse me." I vaguely heard the woman speaking, barely registered her clearing her throat. "Excuse me!"

We broke apart as it finally clicked that someone was speaking to us.

"Excuse me, but the lawn is off limits except for in-" The woman's voice broke off. "Oh, Mr. Pierce. I didn't realize that...Alayna?"

Still half-dazed, I turned toward the voice. "Julia? What are you-" Julia had said that she had an event later in the day. "Is your company in charge tonight?"

"Yeah."

The good feelings that had spread from head to toe during Hudson's dominating kiss vanished with a whoosh. This was Julia's event. Julia was standing right here. And if Julia was here, Paul had to be here as well.

With effort, I swallowed. "Ha, wow. What a coincidence." Did I sound flakey? Nervous? Scared out of my mind?

I gestured toward Julia. "Hudson, this is Julia Swaggert. She's the owner of Party Planners Plus. I met with her today." And my ex-subject of stalking, Paul Kresh, who better not be anywhere nearby or I'm going to shit a brick. "Julia, this is Hudson Pierce."

The normally confident and assured Julia seemed flustered. "I'm...Mr. Pierce, it's an honor to meet you. I'm really excited about the potential our companies have working together." Her face was lit with delight, and I realized just how much this deal meant to her. Understood why Paul was so willing to risk having me around.

As he had done earlier with Aaron, Hudson deferred the attention to me. "You're in good hands with Alayna. She takes care of all business with the club. I'm merely a name on the deed." He touched my arm lightly. "If you'll both pardon me, I see someone I need to speak with."

There was no one anywhere near our hideout, and I recognized Hudson's words as a line to leave me to my work. I'd never been more grateful. Not only for letting me own my business deals in full, but because with him gone, the chance of Paul coming up in conversation-or in real life-wasn't as threatening.

Julia stared after Hudson as he walked away. I didn't blame her. He was hot coming and going.

"So you and Hudson Pierce?" She waggled her eyebrows. "Is it simply a getting frisky in the moonlight thing or the whole enchilada?"

"It's, well, both. We're together, if that's what the whole enchilada means." But I didn't want to talk about my boyfriend. I wanted to know about hers. "Speaking of 'together,' where's Paul?"

She pursed her lips. "He's about somewhere. He usually stays behind the scenes at these things."

"Ah, of course." He was there, though. Which meant I needed to not be. "Well, I think Hudson was about ready to call it a night-"

"Yeah, it certainly appeared as such. Lucky you."

Her sigh made me wonder how long it had been since she and Paul got frisky. I didn't wonder too hard. Thinking about Paul and his relationships was the last thing I wanted to do. A polar opposite to the way I'd been when I'd known him before.

"Well, I should get back as well," she said, sounding reluctant.

But I'd already slipped through the space in the hedge. I spun around to give her a final wave. "Nice to see you at work! You're good."

"Thanks."

I was teeming with anxiety as I searched for Hudson. Paul Kresh was nearby. We had to leave. We had to leave before Hudson discovered my worst mistake had reentered my life.

I'd only made it a few feet along the pathway when Hudson stepped out from a nearby bush and took my hand, pulling me back toward the garden entrance.

"We need to leave. Now." His tone was forceful, urgent.

Fuck. He knew. Had he overheard us talking? Would he assume that any Paul mentioned would be Paul Kresh?

I played innocent, in case I was wrong-hoping I was wrong. "Why? What's the problem?" My heart stopped while I waited for his response.

Instead of answering, he took my hand and placed it over his still hard cock.

"Oh, my." I hoped my exhalation sounded like awe rather than relief. Especially since some of it was awe. I was always impressed by Hudson's penis. Even in the middle of a personal crisis.

I turned my flirt on full force, knowing that it was my easy ticket out of there. "Or you could take me here in the gardens."

"Don't tempt me. I'm near throwing you on that bench over there, but that might not be in the best of taste. And I wouldn't want to tarnish your reputation." His eyes darted toward me. "Besides, what I have in store for you will take most of the night and I'm sure the Brooklyn Botanic Society would prefer to close before I'm anywhere near finished."

Instantly, I needed a change of panties. "Um, okay."

"Is that a problem?"

"Not at all."

We were almost at the park entrance when Hudson cursed.

"What is it?"

"I see someone I should talk to. Do you mind?"

I was hot and needy and desperate to be jumped, so yes, I minded. But a glance at Hudson said he minded more. "Considering how you're walking, I think you'll be the miserable one."

He gave me a pained glare and began leading me toward a group of gentleman talking nearby.

Then I saw him, out of the corner of my eye. I turned my head to be sure it was him. It was. Paul Kresh in the flesh. Twice in one day, what were the chances? He wasn't with the men that Hudson needed to speak to, thank god, but standing near the Visitor Center talking to a server balancing a tray of empty champagne glasses.

I started to look away but not in time. Our eyes met across the sidewalk. "Hudson, I'll let you talk with your peeps. I'm going to look for the girl's room."

He pulled me closer. "Maybe I'll have to come find you there when I'm done here," he whispered before kissing me on the forehead.

I felt the blush spread down my neck, even though his words were rather innocent compared to how he usually talked. But I was so aroused already that anything he did or said was a trigger. It was also inconvenient. I didn't want to be flustered and horny when I spoke to Paul. He'd surely assume it was for him.

I took deep breaths as I walked toward Paul, calming myself. He waited until I was only a couple of feet away before he spoke. "Should I be worried that you're stalking me? Again?"

I rolled my eyes.

"Don't bother explaining." He nodded toward the man I'd left. "That was Hudson Pierce, wasn't it? If you're with him, I get why you're here."

I tried not to let it bother me that he knew so much personal info about me. Julia would have told him eventually anyway. "Yes, that's Hudson. We're seeing each other."

"Huh."

I watched the gears spin behind his eyes. I didn't spend months memorizing every detail about him to not realize what he was thinking. "Hey, there's nothing to gain from this information, Paul. He knows about you and my past, knows about the restraining order, and if you have any intention-"

"What the f**k intention would I have? You're acting like I'd blackmail you or something. Which is pretty ballsy coming from someone who handcuffed herself to my desk naked."

"I'd say it's a damn fair assumption since you pretty much blackmailed me just this afternoon."

"That...wasn't blackmail. Exactly." He rubbed at his nose, like Pinocchio disguising his lie. "It was heavy-handed persuasion."

"Whatever it was, it was pressure, and I didn't like it."

"Look, Laynie-"

"I know, I know." I didn't need him to try to persuade or pressure or whatever the hell he wanted to call it. I got it already. "You want this deal for Julia, and because I really want to work with her, I'm agreeing to it. But I don't want any interaction with you. Zip. Nada. I don't want to bump into you at events or have you showing up at my club or calling me-none of it. I want the restraining order restrictions to be adhered to. This can't come back to bite me in the ass, okay?"

"Fine. Whatever." But the victory gleamed in his eyes. "It won't come back to bite you. It's only me and you this affects."

"Tell that to Hudson. He would not like it if he found out that I signed a deal that even remotely involved you." And suddenly I realized that if I didn't want Hudson to find out about Paul, I couldn't tell him about meeting with Celia either. It would open the door for him to find out the things she and I had talked about. Like Paul. And there was no way Hudson would take that lying down.

"Why would he care? As long as we keep it professional and at a distance like you said, this doesn't have anything to do with him."

"Because, while you and I both know that most everything that happened between us was my fault-"

"Most everything? Try everything."

I gave him a stern look. "You did cheat on your fiance."

Paul shrugged.

What an ass. "Anyway, Hudson doesn't see you as innocent. And it's not because I said anything to point you out, it's simply because..." I couldn't finish the statement. I didn't have the answer. "I don't know why. He sees the good in me for some reason." Good that I was beginning to doubt existed.

Paul chortled. "I didn't know from his reputation that he was a psycho."

I stepped forward, closing in on his personal space. "You know what? You need to shut the f**k up. He is not a psycho. I am not a psycho. You, however, are an ass**le. I can still back out of this shit. Go ahead and throw whatever you want to throw at me, I have Hudson Pierce on my side."

"And wouldn't he love it if the whole world knew about his girlfriend's criminal past? He'd be a laughing stock. Especially when I tell everyone how you sought out Party Planners Plus so you could work with me again."

My heart felt like I'd been dropped three stories. "But that's not true."

He shrugged again, that carefree shrug of someone holding all the cards. "People don't care if it's true. They love gossip, particularly when it's about the elite."

My mouth tasted sour. "I thought this wasn't blackmail."

"Not yet, it isn't." He leveled his gaze at me. "Does it need to be?"

A chill ran down my spine. I was trapped, as I'd known I was earlier, and I knew it even more definitively now. "Fine, Paul. I'll do the deal but on the terms I listed." Over his shoulder I saw Hudson striding our way. "I'm walking away now. Smile and head the other direction."

I didn't know if he did what I said because I left him, striding to meet Hudson before he came any nearer. "Hey." I felt breathy and lightheaded and not in a good way.

"Did you find the restroom?"

"Um, no." Thank god I hadn't really needed to go. "It's okay. I can wait until we get home."

I tried to turn him toward the exit, but Hudson looked questionably back toward where Paul was retreating.

Thinking fast, I filled him in with a story before he had a chance to ask. "That was one of the event workers. I was trying to get the dirt on Party Planners from him."

He raised a brow. "It seemed to be a rather animated discussion."

"Yeah, he was passionate about what he was saying." Then I realized it was probably me who had seemed animated. "I guess it got me riled up too. He says they're a great company all around. I'm more excited than ever to work with them." The lie felt heavy on my tongue, my gut twisting with the acid of it. It made me wonder how I'd spent so many years lying and manipulating people so I could be close to men who didn't want me. It had been so easy then. Now, with the man who did want me, it felt gross and disgusting.

Hudson bought my act, which made me feel all the worse for it. "That's excellent." He drew me into his side. "Want to know what I'm more excited than ever about? Getting home. More specifically, getting you home. Or, at least to the car."

"Me, too." Whatever he planned to do to me would take me away from everything else in the world. It would distract me from my secrets and the blackmail and the promises I'd broken. At least, I hoped it would.

Chapter Eight

We were still curled up together when Hudson's alarm woke us the next morning. He kissed me breathless before pulling me with him out of the bed.

"You start the shower," he ordered. "I'll start the coffee."

Grinning, I did as instructed, traipsing to the bathroom to pee first. Then I turned on the shower, waiting until the water was nice and hot before stepping in.

This. Was. Awesome.

Not only the double oversized nozzles that sprayed down on me, relaxing my sex-sore muscles, but the entire routine. Making love in the middle of the night, waking with my lover, preparing the shower for him, for us-I could do this every day.

I sighed softly at the idea, letting the too-soon fantasy of living with Hudson take me away for the briefest of moments.

"Well, the look on your face says you might not need me anymore for pleasure." Hudson stepped into the stall, immediately tugging me into his arms, as if he wanted to be in constant contact the way I did.

"This shower is amazeballs," I said, my eyes drawn immediately to the semi-erection pressed between us. Could I never get enough of seeing him naked?

"Amazeballs?"

"But it can never compare to what you do to me." My hand closed around his divine penis, my mouth watering as always at the size and shape of him.

He moaned, turning harder in my hand. "What if I did amazeballs things to you while we're in the amazeballs shower?"

It was hard not to giggle at his use of urban vernacular. It was so foreign, so unlike him. So absolutely irresistible. "There's not even a word for how amazeballs that would be."

***

After our shower, we went about getting ready for our day. Hudson named one of the sinks as mine, and side-by-side he shaved and I powdered, each of us wearing only a towel. Again, I thought how easy it would be to fall into this life. How natural.

He finished in the bathroom first and by the time I came out, he was dressed in a two-piece black suit that made my thighs twitch. God, the man was the yummiest thing on the planet.

"Hungry?"

Could he read my mind? "Oh, for breakfast?"

"Yes, for breakfast. Get your mind out of the gutter, precious. I've already spent more time than I allotted on you this morning."

I shivered at the memory of being pressed against the shower wall, his dick inside me. "Well, I'm glad to know there was an allotment."

"There was." He walked past me toward the bedroom door and I caught the scent of his aftershave. "Toast and grapefruit okay?"

"Perfect," I said, inhaling his amazing smell. "Meet you out there."

I threw on the only dress left hanging in the spare closet, wishing I had something a little more businesslike for my meetings that day. Which made me face the issue I'd been avoiding-my apartment. I needed to stop by there. I also needed to figure out what I was going to do about a place to live. My lease was ending and since my brother was no longer paying my rent, I'd have to find something more affordable.

It would certainly be easier to move in with Hudson.

But it would be a bad idea, I reminded myself. Too soon, too soon, too soon. Plus, he hadn't even made the offer.

Once dressed, my hair tied in a knot at my nape, I joined Hudson at the kitchen table. He'd already set out my breakfast with a travel mug of coffee.

"I didn't know what time you were planning to be out of here so I gave you that." He nodded at the travel mug.

"Soon. I have an appointment at ten-thirty with a graphic designer to go over new menus, and I want to make sure I have my presentation for tonight's meeting with Aaron Trent ready before that, because I have a crap load of other things to do this afternoon." I was rambling, a bit nervous about my day's to-do list.

Hudson raised a brow. "A crap load of things?"

"Yeah. I'm sure Trent will want a formal marketing plan, and I need to set up some interviews for an additional cook." I took a swallow of my coffee. "And I really should go home."

"Home." It wasn't a question, merely a repeat of my word, but his tone was darker, surprised. Disappointed maybe.

"My apartment."

"I understood the reference. Why?"

I stabbed at my grapefruit with my spoon. "I don't know. I need to pick up my mail and check on things. Make sure the place is okay. You know, all my stuff is there."

I'd known the conversation would be awkward when I began it. Though it was necessary to go to my place, I didn't want Hudson to think I didn't want to be with him, that I didn't want to be invited back. The best way to get that across was to be straightforward about it. "I should get another change of clothes if you're inviting me to stay the night again."

Hudson dropped his own spoon with a noisy clank. "Inviting you to stay the night? What are you talking about? I gave you a key. You can come and go as you please."

I leaned forward, a big grin on my face. "So, then I definitely need a change of clothes. Because it pleases me to spend the night with you."

"It pleases me for you to spend the night with me, too." He wiped his mouth with his napkin and set it over his plate. "And as long as we're talking about it, it would please me if you would spend all your nights here and if all your things were here as well."

I froze. There it was. At least, I thought that there it was. I needed clarification before I freaked. "What are you...I don't know what you're saying."

"Yes, you do. But I'll spell it out if that makes you feel better." He stood and took his dish to the sink as he spoke. When he returned, he remained standing, leaning against the breakfast bar behind him. He probably didn't realize the impact of his towering presence. Or perhaps he did. Perhaps it was purposeful. He did know how to mold a situation to his favor.

"Yes, spell it out." My voice squeaked, unsure whether to be excited or terrified.

"Why do you need your apartment? Your lease is almost up. Move in here."

I didn't even bother asking how he knew about my lease. If I thought about it too hard, I'd worry about the safety of my other secrets. Besides, I was too stunned by his statement to be able to think about anything but those three words: Move in here.

"I love that I can still shock you." Hudson tilted his head, looking at me from a new angle. "But I'd prefer that this wasn't one of the times that I did. What about that plan is shocking to you?"

Shaking, I set my spoon down. Even though I'd only eaten half of my fruit, there was no way I was eating more. I could barely formulate thought let alone think about chewing and swallowing. "Well, um, it's just, it's awfully soon."

He frowned. "It is. It's unfortunate that a lengthy time span is regarded as such an important element to appropriate landmarks in relationships. It shouldn't be a factor."

"But shouldn't it?" I shifted on my chair to face him head-on.

"Not for me. As I said before, when I have a plan, I commit. I plan to be with you as much as possible. And not only in the carnal sense. Moving in is a logical way to make that happen."

I stood, gathering my dishes to take to the sink. I had to clutch them against my body so he didn't hear them rattle in my unsteady hands. "And that's another reason it might not be a good idea. It seems a little like a business plan. Like this is the next step on a list. Not very romantic or anything."

His voice tightened. "I didn't realize you were in need of romance. You know that's not in my nature."

"Hey." I waited until he turned to face me, the breakfast bar between us. "That's bullshit. You say you aren't romantic, but you really are very much so." The things he'd said the night before, for example. "I wasn't complaining about your romantic overtures."

"Then what are you complaining about?" He seemed genuinely confused.

"Nothing! I'm complaining about nothing."

"You were complaining about the way I asked you to move in with me."

"No, I'm not." I shifted my eyes. "Okay, yes, I was. A little, but that's not why I'm saying no."

This took him aback. "You're saying no?"

"No." Wait. "I mean, yes." Except, I didn't really want to say no. I wanted to be with Hudson all the time, like how he'd said he wanted to be with me. Still, the length of time we'd been together... "I mean, I don't know."

Hudson came around the bar and put a hand on each of my upper arms. "Alayna, do you know how you feel about me?"

"Yes. I love you. You know that."

"Then move in with me."

I bit my lip and tugged on his lavender tie. "I have to think."

He put a finger under my chin and lifted my face so I was forced to meet his eyes. "Why?"

"I just do." I pulled away, unable to concentrate with his hands on me. Unable to stand my ground with the electricity surging between us as it always did when we touched.

Turning back to the sink for distraction, I dumped the grapefruit shells into the garbage and ran water over our dishes. "This is big, and yes, it would make things easier and I can't deny that I want to-"

"Then do it."

"-but I don't know if it's the right thing to do." I turned off the water and flicked my wet hands over the sink. Without facing him, I admitted the heart of my hesitation. "I'm falling for you too hard, Hudson. Too fast and that scares me."

"Falling? Or fallen?"

Both. Every time I was certain I'd met my max capacity of love for him, that I'd fallen as far as I possibly could, he'd go and do or say something spectacular and I'd find I loved him even more. "Either way, does it matter?"

"If you've already fallen, then why are you worried anymore about whether it's too hard or too fast? It's already done. That's how I'm approaching it."

There it was again-an allusion to the way he felt about me without an actual declaration. That was a problem right there, wasn't it? How could I live with a man who couldn't even say he loved me?

I took a deep breath and turned to him once again. "Can I just have a little time to think about it? When I'm away from you?"

He stiffened. "Are you suggesting that I'm pressuring you?"

"I'm suggesting that you're distracting. And yes, it's pressure, whether you mean for it to be or not. And honestly, a tiny bit manipulative. And with your past, it does cross my mind that maybe you want to control me, and that this is the easiest way for you to do so."

His expression hardened and I ran to him, wrapping my arms around his neck. "Now, don't, don't be upset, H. I'm not saying you are manipulating me or that you want to control me, I'm saying I need time to think. To be sure. Give it to me. Please?"

"If that's what you need." His tone was chilly, his arms remaining at his sides, even as I held him.

I curled my fingers into the hair at the back of his neck. "Hudson!"

"What?"

"Don't be like this."

He remained stiff. "I'm not being like anything."

"Then are we okay?" I pressed kisses underneath his jaw, wanting-no, needing-him to yield to me, to give in to my embrace.

He exhaled, finally wrapping his arms around me. "Of course we are." He kissed the top of my head. "Always."

***

Hudson's driver picked him up at the same time Jordan arrived for me. The minute I was alone in the backseat of the Maybach, I pulled out my phone to call Liesl. I had to talk to someone about Hudson's move-in proposition, and she was the person I turned to when things got rough. I stopped before I dialed, however. Liesl had worked for me the night before. She'd likely still be sleeping. Besides, even though she knew me, she didn't know Hudson. Not truly. Knowing Hudson was a vital part of helping me make a sound decision.

But there was someone who did know Hudson-knew Hudson very well. And I had her number.

When Celia didn't answer, I hung up and redialed as she'd instructed. It took until the third call before I got through to her. I considered telling her my news on the phone but decided we might need something more personal. At least, I needed something more personal, so we arranged to meet for lunch at one.

Celia was already seated when I arrived at A Voce. I waited until after the waitress had taken my order for an iced tea and chicken and watercress salad before diving into conversation.

Though I'd planned to lead with Hudson's invitation to move in, it was something else entirely that came out of my mouth. "What do you know about Norma Anders?" She'd invaded my thoughts several times since she'd put her hand on Hudson's and he'd called her by her first name.

Celia's brows rose. "Ah, you heard about the slut."

"You mean, Hudson and-" My stomach churned. Maybe I shouldn't have asked.

"Honestly, I don't know for sure. It's not like Hudson discusses his conquests with me. And if I had to guess, I'd say no because if he had f**ked her-sorry, that was a bit coarse, but you know what I mean-if he had, then he'd be done with her and she certainly wouldn't still be working with him."

I wanted to grab on to Celia's words like a lifeline and believe there was no way Hudson had been...intimate...with Norma Anders. But there were holes in her theory. "That's if he slept with her when he was still, you know, messing with women. He hasn't done any of that for a while, right? Like not in the last two years."

Her forehead creased. "Uh, yeah. Of course."

"So Hudson could have slept with her after he'd started therapy and then it wouldn't have been such a big deal for him to keep her employed."

Celia nodded. "I get you. But I still don't think so. Here's the thing. Norma's always been after him. From way before he ever had therapy. And I can't tell you how many functions I went to where I watched her try to seduce him, hence the reason I refer to her as the slut. Yet despite all her attempts, he never made any move to play her."

"Which makes it all more likely that he'd go to her after therapy. Trust me, I know." It made perfect sense. The people I'd dated since therapy had been the safe ones, the men I didn't feel intensely about. If Hudson had never been interested in playing Norma, then she was similarly safe.

On the other hand, Hudson had told me more than once that he'd never wanted to play me either. Did he refrain from playing Norma for similar reasons? Because he felt something for her?

The idea made me sick with jealousy.

And it didn't give me any answers as to whether or not she was special to him now or in the past. If I really wanted to know, I'd have to look closer at Norma. I made a mental note to do a Google search in my free time.

Then I deleted the mental note.

What the hell was I thinking? Internet-stalking was for the old Alayna Withers. I would not stoop to that level. Hudson wanted me with him. Always. What other proof did I need to know I was the important woman in his life?

We halted the conversation to let the waitress serve us. When we were alone again, I started up as if we'd never stopped. "You're probably right. I don't know why I'm worrying about it, really. I'm the one he asked to move in with him, not her."

"Exactly." Her smile vanished. "Wait, what? He asked you to move in? That's awesome!"

It was awesome. Utterly awesome, and for the first time, I let myself truly feel the awesomeness of it rather than just the fear. I played it casually though, shrugging it off as no big deal. "I don't know. It's too soon. Isn't it too soon?"

"Whatever. Are there rules about these things?" Celia talked around a forkful of salad. "When Hudson knows what he wants, he doesn't hesitate."

I tried not to let it bother me that Celia knew Hudson cold. "He told me pretty much the same thing." I swallowed. "When I told him no."

"You didn't!" She gasped and her expression matched her surprised exclamation.

"I did. Well, I said I'd think about it."

Celia was beyond excited. "And now you've thought about it and you're going to say yes. You have to say yes. How can you not say yes? This is Hudson Pierce!"

"I don't love him for that reason." Not because he was world-renowned billionaire business mogul Hudson Pierce, anyway. But because he was who he was-unique and special in so many ways.

"All the more reason you have to say yes. And that's exactly why you're the one he wants. You aren't caught up in the show that surrounds him. You can't imagine how few people are." She pulled her loose blonde hair to one side of her head. "Jesus, Alayna, you're perfect for him. You have to move in. You'll break his heart if you don't. He so obviously loves you."

Was it really that obvious? "He still hasn't said it."

"But didn't he? Asking you to move in with him...that seems like saying it to me. In the only way Hudson can."

Just like how he'd needed to show me the night before how he felt about me with his body since he couldn't say it with words.

Okay. Maybe Celia had a point.

Or she simply understood my lover way better than I did.

"Damn it." I had wanted to be responsible this time. Wanted to ride this relationship with caution, to not f**k any of it up like I usually did, and here both Hudson and Celia had compelling reasons to throw all caution to the wind. "I do need a new place to live."

"Get out! This is perfect then. Like, fated or whatever."

It had been convenient that I'd found Hudson just when Brian had decided to stop supporting me. I hadn't ever bought into the idea of fate or destiny, but maybe there was something about being meant for each other that deserved to be credited. Or else Hudson merely had impeccable timing. Whatever the reason, we'd found each other, and thinking about the immensity of that made me choke up. "Ah, I can't talk about this anymore. It's making me all twitchy and emotional."

Celia smiled with equally watery eyes. "But you're going to say yes, right?"

I gave an almost imperceptible nod.

"You are!" Celia clapped her hands together. "I feel like I should hug you. I'm a hugger. But we're eating and in a restaurant so maybe that would be weird. This will have to do." She placed her hand over mine and squeezed.

I was beyond grateful that we were at a restaurant because I was not a hugger. The hand squeeze was a good compromise and actually sort of nice. It was good to have a friend that really understood the things I was going through. That's what Celia was now to me-a friend.

She was still beaming when she took her hand off mine. "When are you going to tell him? Tonight?"

"No. I don't think so. I have a meeting at eight-thirty so he's taking me to an early dinner at six and I don't want to tell him when we're rushed."

She frowned. "You have a meeting? Tonight?"

"Yeah. Why do you think that's weird?" Or was I misreading her expression?

"Not weird. Just horrible that you have to work on a Friday evening. Doesn't the fact that you're sleeping with the boss award you certain privileges?"

I laughed. "You would think. It was Hudson that set it up for me, and I don't want to look a gift horse in the mouth."

"Oh. Interesting." She smoothed her eyebrows with her index finger, as if they would have gotten out of place. "Who's the meeting with anyway?"

"Aaron Trent."

"Wow. Major score, Laynie." For a minute I thought she might give me a high five. "I guess you can't complain about landing a meeting with Aaron Trent. Even if it occupies your Friday night."

"And that's the privilege I get for sleeping with the boss. Good contacts. I owe Hudson big time." I thought about what I'd said. "Except he hates being referred to as my boss."

"Why doesn't that surprise me?"

"So I'll tell him I'll move in tomorrow. No big deal. Then I can plan some way special to tell him." Or at least make sure that there would be time for celebrating after, because there was no way I'd make it through that conversation without being mauled. Not that I was complaining.

"Hey, can I borrow your phone a minute?" Celia held her hand out expectantly.

"Uh, yeah." I unlocked my screen and handed it over, curiosity lacing my tone.

"Thanks. Mine is acting so stupid. It doesn't ring half the time, which I figure is part of the reason I never get to the phone." She dialed some numbers on my phone and waited. "See? Not ringing." She hit redial and tried again. "Nothing. I guess I need to take my phone in. Thanks."

"No problem." I took my phone back and stuck it in my bra. "Oh, I, um, I didn't end up telling Hudson I saw you yesterday."

"Decided it was too tricky of a convo?"

"It never came up. And then after today-"

"You aren't going to tell him," she finished for me. "I wouldn't either. I mean, I really don't want to encourage secrets, but this is really no big deal. And Hudson would make it a big deal."

"A huge deal." Especially considering the subject matter of our discussion. "So we're good keeping it on the down low?"

"I won't say a word. Pinky swear."

"Pinky swear." I waved my little finger in the air, mimicking her.

Hopefully pinky swears actually counted for something in the rich, exotic world of Celia Werner and Hudson Pierce. Because things were going so well in my life, and that meant I had so much to lose. All it would take is a little slip of the tongue from one of us to knock down my beautiful house of cards.

Chapter Nine

The rest of the afternoon flew by as I finished up my marketing plan for my meeting with Aaron Trent. Then, an email from Julia with suggestions for package changes occupied me long enough that I had to put off going to my apartment for another time. All in all, it was a productive day, and by the time Hudson texted that he was on his way, I was famished and eager to see my man.

I stopped at the upstairs bar when I saw purple hair dancing behind the counter. "Liesl!" It hadn't occurred to me how much I'd miss my co-worker when I changed my schedule to work days.

"Hey, girlfriend!" Liesl knew me well enough to know I preferred to keep my personal space. Instead of a hug, she offered a high five. "You're looking hot." She chomped her gum as she looked me up and down. "Things must still be good with Houston Piers."

"Hudson Pierce," I corrected. "Say it with me."

She blew a big bubble and let it pop. "I know his name. Now. I just like dickin' with you." She grinned. "Tell me all about you and the psychotically hot one. And start with the sex."

"That would take a while." I suddenly wished I wasn't on my way out, that I had time to sit and chat with my friend. I'd lied to her like I'd lied to everyone when the Hudson/Alayna coupledom was pretend, even though I'd ached to tell her the truth. And at the sight of her, I ached again to tell her how amazing things were going, but I'd have to give her the backstory to explain why things were different than the last time I'd said things were amazing. Given the chance, I'd tell her everything. But I didn't have that chance at the moment, and a sadness settled over me at the realization of how far apart we'd grown over the last couple of weeks.

She pinned me with a penetrating stare. "But things are good?"

I knew what she was really asking-was I still in control of my obsessing? Was I still sane? "Things are very good, actually. Wanna do lunch some time and catch up?"

Her eyes went wide. "Definitely. I miss you!"

"I miss you, too!" Having Celia as a friend didn't take the place of Liesl. I'd have to make a better effort to stay in touch.

"You have your purse on your shoulder. Does that mean you're leaving?" She leaned her elbows on the bar and rested her chin in her hands.

"I am. But I'll be back. Hudson's taking me to dinner."

"Yeah, dinner. That's what it's called." She winked. "But David said you'd been here all day, so why are you coming back? We got your night shifts covered."

"I know, and thanks so much for that. But I have a meeting later."

"Oh." She tugged at her purple strands that I noticed now had blue highlights added. "Wait, does that meeting of yours happen to be with some Trent guy?"

"Yes-" How did she..."Liesl, is there something you forgot to tell me?"

She popped another bubble, the watermelon scent wafting to me. "Yeah, his secretary called a while ago and said he needs to reschedule." She shrugged.

I clapped my hand to my forehead.

"Sorry. Guess I forgot to mention it."

"No, it's fine. It's actually awesome news. Okay, maybe not exactly awesome since I spent all flipping day preparing to meet with the guy, but now I have Friday night off."

"And now you're not coming back." Liesl put on her best pout.

"Nope. My turn to say sorry." My phone buzzed with a text from Hudson saying he was outside. "That's Hudson. Gotta go."

"You're choosing him over me?" Liesl loved to play up the drama.

"You don't have the goods that Hudson does." I pushed my purse strap higher on my shoulder.

"I have different goods. Still good goods, though. You just need to give them a chance!"

I laughed as I walked away, waving over my shoulder. Liesl was bi-curious and often pretended to flirt with me. At least, I thought she was pretending. Didn't matter, I had no interest in women sexually. No interest in anyone but the man waiting for me outside.

I stepped out of the club and shielded my eyes against the sun, expecting to see the Maybach. Instead, a black limousine was at the curb. Upon seeing me, Jordan climbed out of the car and circled to open the back door.

"Hey," I said, to Jordan, ogling him as discreetly as I could. He was too yummy not to.

"Good evening, Ms. Withers."

I stepped in the car, my heart immediately picking up its pace at the sight of Hudson waiting inside. "A limousine two nights in a row? What's the occasion this time?"

"I thought we had a nice drive yesterday."

The door shut behind me, and I was already scooting toward Hudson as he reached for me, pulling me into his lap.

"A nice drive or a nice ride?" I was already slippery down below remembering our trip to the Botanic Gardens. I would not be opposed to a repeat performance.

"If I remember correctly, you rode. I drove." His mouth found mine, one hand cradling my face as the other wrapped around my waist. He sucked at my bottom lip before slipping in to lick along my teeth. I stroked my tongue under the bottom of his until he accepted the invitation to dance, wrapping around mine as our lips shifted and molded against each other.

The lurch of the car pulling into traffic pulled me out of our embrace. I maneuvered to the seat next to Hudson and latched my belt. A part of me was surprised that he hadn't brought up moving in again or that he wasn't tense waiting for my answer. Now that my night was free, I could go ahead and tell him over dinner. Or screw dinner and tell him in the car. But I'd wanted the moment to be right. "So...how was your day?"

He put his arm around my shoulder, holding me as close as safety would allow. His fingers played with the loose tendrils of hair at my neck. "You were there for the only part of today that mattered. And that part was fantastic."

He took my hand in his, caressing it, and the way he moved his fingers across my skin lit my whole body on fire. "How about your day?"

"Ditto." I'd been eager to share the details of what I was working on in the club. But now that I was with him, business could wait. Now my only interest was us. Us together. Us in love. "Though, I do have a surprise for you."

His lips curled into a devilish grin. "Are you not wearing underwear?" His hand slid between my thighs as if he was determined to discover the answer for himself.

I smacked his hand away even though I burned to have his fingers go further, to rub against my cl*t in that expert way of his. We'd get there soon enough. I had time to tease. We had all night now that my meeting had been canceled. "I'm wearing underwear, you perv. If you'd wanted me to go without, you shouldn't have stocked me with panties."

"The panties were for when you were in the company of others. And right now we're alone."

I nodded toward the direction of the front seat, knowing full well that Jordan couldn't see or hear us behind the dark divider. "Somewhat."

"Somewhat enough." He let go of my hand and placed it high on my thigh instead. The gleam in his eyes said he was planning to ravage me right there in the back of his limo on the way to dinner. Again. "Tell me your surprise."

"I spent most of my day preparing for my meeting with Aaron Trent. And I just found out he canceled."

"He canceled?" Hudson was instantly furious. He pulled out his phone and scrolled through his contacts. "Let me call him. If he can't bother to show up tonight then he doesn't need to bother working on my other accounts with him."

I put my hand over his, stilling his phone search. "He must have had a good reason to cancel. I'll call him in the morning. It's not a biggie. I had a long day anyway and I'm happy to postpone."

"Then I'll call to reschedule."

"No, let me. Please." I hadn't realized how important this was to me until right then. Yes, I'd landed the connection because of Hudson and I'd likely get a good deal because of him as well. But I needed a chance to prove what I could do. "I'd like to handle this on my own."

Hudson sighed, pocketing his phone. "If that's what you want. But tell me if he doesn't give you the respect you deserve."

"Because my rich, powerful boyfriend stepping in to fight my battles will earn his esteem."

"Isn't that what boyfriends are supposed to do?"

"Um, not my boyfriend." Leaning into the crook of his arm, I traced my finger along the curve of his jaw. "I'll let you know when I need you, H. For now, though, let me do this myself?"

"Of course." He captured my finger between his teeth and chewed on the pad. I was wet instantly.

My eyes never left his mouth, riveted to the things he was doing to my finger-promises for later that evening. Or sooner, the way things were progressing. "And, the awesome thing about him canceling is that now you've got me all night. Whatcha gonna do with me?"

He removed my finger from his mouth. "You're not going back tonight?"

"Nope. I'm all yours. You can take me out, and then I can take you in." I waggled my brows suggestively. I hadn't had that many opportunities to play with Hudson, and I was enjoying myself. Our relationship before had been confined to "show" and "sex." This in between stuff was still new. And awfully fun.

Hudson sat up straighter, his arm moving from my shoulder to the back of the seat instead. "Actually, I can't." He didn't meet my eyes. "I arranged dinner with you, but then I have other plans."

"Oh." I swallowed. "Yeah, of course. I shouldn't have assumed." Just because we had a relationship now didn't mean that he didn't have a life of his own. Hudson was a busy man-he had business deals and charity events and all sorts of things that didn't involve me. Why did it feel so much like a rejection, then?

Hudson sighed. "Alayna."

"Nope, my bad." My throat felt tight, but I forced a smile. "I'll watch one of my movies or catch up on my reading. Not a biggie."

"But we still have dinner."

"Yep." I nodded too long. As if nodding could erase all the suspicions that were entering my mind. Like, what were his other plans? Who had plans at eight on a Friday night? Why wasn't he telling me what they were so that I wouldn't assume the worst? Because I was assuming the worst. Big time. Assuming dates with other women and...and...well, mostly that-dates with other women. Women like Norma Anders.

I could ask him. But I knew if I asked, it would sound like an accusation. Or I was afraid it would sound like an accusation. Because it would totally be an accusation.

So I didn't ask. I wouldn't.

We sat in silence for about thirty seconds.

Then I couldn't handle it any longer. "So, um, what exactly are your other plans?" I squeezed his leg, hoping that would lighten any tension I might have created.

"It's..." He shook his head. "It's nothing."

So much for lightening the tension. "Seriously? You can't say it's nothing and expect me to let that drop." I added an awkward laugh to cover any shrillness that might be hiding in my tone. Inside, the paranoia built in my chest-paranoia that absolutely drove me insane and, like the most determined weed, was almost impossible to kill once it took root. I had to fight it, I couldn't let it win.

Hudson's jaw twitched. He was considering. Or trying to make up a good lie. Finally he spoke. "I'm going to a dinner with my mother."

Sophia. Just thinking about her made my spirits sink. No wonder Hudson didn't want to bring it up.

"Oh." I pinched the bridge of my nose, trying to sort the situation out. "But we're going to dinner now."

He didn't bat an eye. "I was planning to eat light."

"You were planning to eat twice? We can skip dinner. Eat with her. I can catch a bite later." That sounded like an understanding girlfriend, right? Because that's how I needed to sound, despite the fact that I felt anything but understanding.

"I'd rather eat with you and skip dinner with her."

"Then do that."

"I can't. It's her birthday. She expects me there."

And there it was. The rest of the story. "Today's your mother's birthday and you weren't going to mention it?"

He removed his arm from behind me and dropped it into his lap. "It's not like you two are close."

"But you are!" I swiveled as much as the seatbelt would allow so I could face him. "She's your mother. Your family is important to you, whether you want to admit it or not. If I'm important to you, too, then shouldn't you share what's up with them?"

He met my eyes, piercing me in such a way I had to brace for his words. "You are important to me, Alayna, and me not telling you about this has no reflection on that." He relaxed his stare. "You were going to be at work, there was no reason to even mention it."

"But now I'm not working..."

"And now you know."

I knew because I'd dragged it from him. I knew because my circumstances changed and forced him to have to tell me. And the only reason I'd planned to be at work in the first place was because Hudson had conveniently arranged for me to be. He'd worked to keep this dinner from me. Did he really think that he could pick and choose the things he chose to share in a relationship?

Maybe he did. To his credit, he hadn't had a real relationship before.

And wasn't I picking and choosing what I shared with him?

I didn't want to think about that. My secrets had no bearing on the conversation at hand. My secrets were still safe. His was not. And finding out he'd kept something from me didn't feel right, it didn't feel good. He should have told me. Hell, he should have invited me!

I blinked back a tear that was threatening to fall. "Is it just going to be you and her?"

"No. The rest of my family will be there, too."

My lip quivered. "And you're still not going to invite me?"

"No, I'm not."

I didn't say anything. Tears were falling now and I didn't think I could talk. God, since I'd been with Hudson, I'd turned into a total crier. How embarrassing.

Hudson moved to wipe away a tear, but I pulled away, not wanting his touch.

"It's family only, Alayna. Not a big deal."

"Family only. Yep, I get it." I tried not to let that sting. Of course I wasn't family, but I'd been welcomed by most of them-by Mira, her husband Adam, by Hudson's father Jack. And now Hudson wanted me to live with him. Didn't that automatically earn me invites to family events?

"Family only. And you don't get along with Sophia. Why would you want to be there?"

"Because you're going to be there." I wiped my wet face with my palm. "And we're a couple, Hudson. When we were pretending to be a couple, you wanted her to see me with you all the time. Now that we're really a couple, you don't. That doesn't make any sense."

"Now I care more about you than her, and I'm not going to subject you to an evening with my mother." His voice was steady. In another situation, I might have admired his continued calm, cool, collected bit, but right now all I could think was, how is he not affected by this? By me?

"Can't you understand that you not letting me go feels like you're leaving me out of your life?" My voice cracked. "It hurts."

"I'm not leaving you out of my life. I'm leaving her out of your life."

"It doesn't work like that. You can't protect me. Besides, it feels like an excuse. It feels like you're ashamed of me or like I'm not good enough to be with your family." I was beginning to doubt my decision to move in. Gratefully, I hadn't said anything yet. If he was setting up barriers between us, was cohabitating really a good idea?

"Don't be ridiculous. You've been with my family many times."

"Then why not tonight?" That was exactly my point. If I was good enough for them before, why not now?

His silence told me he wasn't willing to explain.

If he needed to be alone with his family, then all right. But I couldn't help how I felt. Crushed, that's how I felt. Absolutely crushed.

I needed to be alone before I got awful with him. I didn't trust myself not to.

Scanning the backseat, I spotted an intercom on each door. I undid my seatbelt and scooted to the door away from Hudson. I depressed the button. "Jordan, can you drop me off at my apartment?"

With lightning speed, Hudson hit his own button. "Ignore that, Jordan."

"I want to go home, Hudson. I can't be with you right now." I could barely see through my tears, but I heard him unbuckle his seatbelt and then felt him slide across the seat to me. "I don't want to be touched right now. Please."

He ignored me, pulling me into his arms. I resisted, which was senseless, really. He could overpower me in a heartbeat.

Still, I leaned into the door, pushing him away.

"Stop it. Stop fighting me." He caught each of my arms in his and held them, his hands circling my forearms with strength I couldn't hope to defeat. "Stop fighting."

"Then stop hurting me," I sobbed.

He knew I didn't mean physically. He wasn't gripping me that tightly.

"All right." He let go of me, his voice full of resignation. "You can come. If you really want to be part of this awful night, then you are welcome to join me."

My tears had frozen, surprised that I'd won. I'd never won these battles. They usually ended in me groveling, and then, when the guy refused to take me back, I would resort to crazy behavior. Like stalking. And stealing mail. And showing up at places where I knew the guy would be.

It never ended with me still with the guy.

Maybe because I was so relieved or because I was in shock, or more likely because I suddenly felt overwhelmingly guilty about the whole conversation, I burst into a new set of tears.

"Now what?"

My crying continued, but this time I let him pull me into his arms. "I'm such a bitch," I said into his shoulder.

"What?"

I lifted my mouth from the material of his jacket. "I'm a total bitch. I didn't mean to pressure you into an invite, and I did. I won't go, I'll stay home." He'd asked me out of duress. It felt shitty.

Hudson pulled me tighter against him, kissing the top of my head. "You're not a bitch. And you didn't pressure me into anything. You're coming with me. It will be awful, but at least it will be awful together."

Wiping the tears from my face, I raised my eyes to his. "Are you sure?"

"I'm completely sure it will be awful."

I chuckled. "Are you sure I can come?"

He leaned his head against mine, placing a hand on my cheek. "I am. I want you there. I always wanted you there." He trailed his hand down my neck. "But my mother is mean and terrible and she wants to hurt me. And she knows the easiest way to hurt me is to hurt you." His hand at my waist gripped me tighter, his fingers digging through my dress into my skin. "I can't bear to watch you go through that."

It was my turn to assure him. I reached up, placing my hands on the sides of his face, forcing him to look at me. "Nothing she says or does means anything to me. Do you hear me? I already won. I have you."

His eyes clouded-not simply with the lust that often darkened his gray hue when he looked at me-but with emotion that I could only name as love.

He pulled me even closer, as if he could pull me into him if he tried hard enough. "You do have me. Completely."

I don't know if I moved to him or he moved to me, just that our mouths were together, shifting in such a way that it was much more than kissing. It was a declaration-a statement of a union between the two of us that we couldn't yet express in any way besides with our bodies.

When he pulled away, I was breathless and flushed.

His eyes lowered to my outfit. "You'll need a dress. We should have time to stop by the boutique." He reached across me and pushed the intercom. "Jordan, change of plans. Take us to Mirabelle's."

Chapter Ten

Mirabelle owned one of the hottest boutiques in New York City. Despite never needing to work a day in her life, the middle Pierce child had an eye for clothing design and she put it to good use. Her shop was by appointment only, and I'd nearly lost myself in fashionista heaven when Hudson had taken me to purchase racks of clothing almost two weeks before.

After directing Jordan to Greenwich Village where Mira's was located, Hudson pulled out his phone and called his sister. I listened half-heartedly to their short conversation. "Thanks, we're on our way," he said before hanging up.

"She won't be there," he said to me as he pocketed his phone. "She's getting ready for the party. But Stacy will take care of you."

I groaned inwardly at the thought of dealing with Stacy, Mira's too-thin blonde assistant. She had a thing for Hudson, had even gone out with him on at least one occasion. Needless to say, she wasn't fond of me. The daggers she shot with her eyes were poisonous enough to kill an army.

Plus, she made me jealous. Mira insisted that Stacy wasn't even a blip on Hudson's radar. But one night, when I'd cyber-stalked him, I'd seen a picture of Hudson and Stacy together. They looked good. And I bet she didn't have a history of crazy like I did.

If I could avoid seeing Stacy, I'd be a much happier person. "If Mira's not going to be there, maybe we shouldn't bother with the boutique. We could go back to my place and get something that we bought last time."

"No, we need something new. I'll want to show you off."

I wasn't sure if that made me happy or irritated. On the one hand, he liked the way I looked enough to feel like he could parade me. On the other hand, was that all I was? A show pony? Was this left over from our convince-everyone-we're-together scheme?

It was likely none of the above, simply a complimentary statement from a man to his woman. My emotions were still too muddled from the last fifteen minutes-from the last twenty-four hours-and now everything had a twinge of heaviness. It didn't seem like I could simply take anything at face value. There were layers to every gesture, every comment, every moment, and I was having a hard time getting my head around it all.

The nearly forty-five minute drive from Uptown to the Village didn't help. I cuddled into Hudson and closed my eyes trying to nap, unsuccessfully. When Jordan finally pulled up in front of the boutique, it felt like a lifetime had passed.

Hudson didn't wait for our driver to open the door. He climbed out and extended his hand. He continued to hold my hand as we walked to the shop, and I couldn't help but remember the last time we'd been there, how he'd held my hand then. How it had been pretend then and this time was real. It was real, wasn't it?

As if he could read my mind, Hudson squeezed my hand as we waited for Stacy to answer the bell. I turned to him and his lip curled into a half-smile.

It occurred to me that I'd seen him smile more in the last twenty-four hours than I had the entire three weeks I'd known him. Yeah, this was real.

Behind him, I saw construction workers at the shop next door, clearing up for the day.

"I wonder what's going on over there."

Hudson followed my glance. "Mirabelle's expanding. I believe they've almost finished. We'll come to the open house. She'll want you there."

"Wow. More clothes for me to choose from. Can your wallet handle it?" It was hilarious considering his bank account could clothe a small country. A large one, even.

We were both laughing when the door opened. Stacy barely glanced at us as she stood aside to let us in. "I have a client I'm finishing up with, but I already picked out some options for you. They're in the big dressing room."

So much for hellos.

She returned to her customer, and I glanced at Hudson to gauge his reaction to the lack of greeting. His face was stone. Whatever he thought about Stacy, he didn't show it. Perhaps she really did mean absolutely nothing to him. But if that was the case, why had he ever gone out with her to begin with? Even if it was only the one date, wouldn't he have had at least an ounce of attraction to her?

After my mini-tantrum in the limo, it didn't seem like such a good time to bring up his relationship with Stacy, if it even qualified to be called that. But I made a mental note to ask about it in the future. And not just about Stacy, but about all of Hudson's past women. Because I needed to know.

As she had said, Stacy had left several dresses in the dressing room, and despite my fear that she'd spitefully only pick hideous items for me to try on, they most definitely were anything but. Not that Mirabelle's even had anything remotely ugly on its racks. These dresses, though, were particularly exquisite. With all her scowling about, Stacy must have paid attention to what I chose the last time I'd been there, noticed what looked good on me, because these seemed almost tailor-made to my style. My eyes widened at the selection, too many called my name, and I was eager to try them all on.

Hudson, on the other hand, immediately fixated on one specific dress-a magenta satin Jersey. It was pretty enough, but awfully simple and brighter in color than something I'd wear at a family function.

He fingered the convertible straps. "This one." There was finality in his voice.

"I haven't tried it on. You don't even know how it-"

"I do know." He took the dress by the hanger and, after turning me to face the mirror, held it in front of me as he stood behind. "It's perfect."

I looked in the mirror, trying to picture the dress on my body, but all I could think of was the last time I'd been in that dressing room with Hudson, standing in front of that very mirror. He'd done incredible things to my body then, made me watch as I came undone from the ministrations of his hands on my br**sts and between my thighs. Then, he'd entered me and took me with such force and desire that I'd come undone again.

My face heated from the memory, and I met his eyes in our reflection.

Hudson leaned into whisper at my ear. "I know what you're thinking. Stop it." He unbuttoned his jacket and pressed up against me so I could feel the thick ridge of his hard-on against my rear. "I'm thinking about it, too. And we don't have time to deal with those thoughts as I would like."

"Are you sure?" I reached my hand behind me to fondle his erection.

He took a deep breath. "You're certainly a different woman than the one I brought in here last time. The one who wanted to keep things sex-free." His voice was tight, the only indication of what my half-assed hand-job was doing to him.

"I never wanted to keep things sex-free. I just thought it would be best for me if we did." That was back when I thought for half a second that I had a chance of staying away from him. When I thought I might become obsessed with him if I didn't keep my distance. When I didn't realize how complete of a hold he already had on me.

He placed his hand over mine, controlling the pressure of my touch. "Is that still what would be best for you?"

Together, we stroked the length of his c**k through his pants, and I longed to touch his bare skin, to slide my fingers across his crown, to pump him with my fist. He did this to me, completely turned me on, made me wet and interested in nothing but satisfying his need for me while he satisfied my need for him.

"You're best for me." My words were full of the ache I felt for him. "In every way-beside me, inside me..."

"Fuck, Alayna. You get me so hot, I-"

There was a single rap at the door followed by barely enough time for us to separate before Stacy walked in.

Her eyes flitted from my face to his then back to mine. "I should have waited for an invitation to come in."

"Yes, you should have." It was the first time I'd seen Hudson address Stacy in any way, and it was short and clipped. He turned to hang the dress back on the rack and buttoned his suit jacket before turning back to us. "I'll step out while you change, Alayna." He nodded back to the magenta dress. "That one."

Stacy's face was even, but her eyes flickered with the rejection. I almost felt sorry for her. I'd been her-dejected by men I thought I was into. Part of me wanted to reach out to comfort her.

But then the spite returned to her gaze. "Is that the dress you'd like to start with?" Her voice was cold as she took the magenta Jersey from the hanger without waiting for my response.

I reached behind and unzipped my clothing myself and let it fall to the floor. "Yes. It's the one Hudson wants." I used his name as a weapon, claiming him as mine. "He thinks it will be perfect."

Actually, it was. I could tell as soon as the dress was over my head. The color lit up my skin, highlighting my natural olive tone. It was low-cut enough that it showed off my boobs, an asset I was proud of. Hudson had always been quite fond of my bosom, surely one of the reasons he'd chosen it. The length was short enough to show some leg, but the flowing shape would only hint at my curves rather than hug them like many of my dresses did, leaving more to the imagination. It was a different style for me and that might have been what had prevented me from the same vision Hudson had. But he knew my body well, better than I did.

"He's right. It's perfect for you." I'd been so mesmerized by my reflection, Stacy's voice startled me.

I turned to her and found her expression had softened. It occurred to me that she was comparing herself to me as much as I compared myself to Celia, that she was measuring her flaws against mine. It was enough to send a person into dark depression. At least, that's what that kind of thinking could do to me. Again, I felt sorry for her. Or maybe it wasn't pity, it was something else-solidarity, maybe.

Stacy reached up to adjust a strap. "He has good taste."

Her tone suggested she wasn't talking about the dress. It hinted at more. The connection I felt with her, odd though it may be, led me to prod. "But...?"

Her forehead creased. "But what?"

"I sense there was more to your statement."

She looked away, busying herself with adjusting the breast cups of the dress. "It's not my place."

"Go ahead. Whatever you have to say, I can take it." Did I sound too eager? What I was hoping to gain from the conversation, I couldn't say. Maybe I was simply curious.

That was a lie. I was obsessed. No matter how "well" I was, no matter how healthy, I'd always be drawn to dig deeper, to find out as much as I could about the people I was attracted to. This was no different. Stacy had something to say regarding Hudson-something that might give me insight into the man I loved. I had to keep digging.

When she didn't offer more, I nudged her. "I know you've dated Hudson before."

She let out a sharp laugh. "Is that what he told you?"

I took a deep breath, hoping the words I chose to speak would keep her talking. "He hasn't told me anything about you. I've seen a picture of the two of you together at an event or something."

"Right." She nodded as if she knew exactly what picture I was talking about. "I was his escort for the night. We never dated."

"Escort?" My mind immediately went to hookers and high-priced call girls.

"Not that kind of escort. I never slept with him."

A huge weight lifted off my chest at her admission. I knew Hudson had slept with other women. Of course he had, but I didn't want to think about it. Because if I did, that's all I'd think about-him and whomever, sharing the intimacies that he and I shared now. So knowing that Hudson and Stacy never had that-it was a relief.

With that worry abated, I could concentrate on the other thing niggling at the edge of my brain. If they hadn't dated, if they hadn't slept with each other, yet Stacy emanated such scorn-

Then I got it. "Oh. I think I understand." She'd been one of his victims. One of the women whom he'd played-made her love him with whatever he said or did, then discarded her. It made me sick, and I hated that about me. I didn't want to feel sick about the things Hudson had done. I wanted to love him enough to look past anything.

But I was human. And even though I did love him past anything, it wasn't pleasant to focus on the things he'd done that had hurt people.

That thought was the one I clung to-if it made me feel this way to realize the brokenness of his past actions, then Hudson must ache inside, carrying the weight of these mistakes. I surely ached from the damage I'd inflicted on others-my strained relationship with my brother, how I'd hurt the men in my past. Paul...

I dismissed the name of my past lover and refocused on Stacy.

"Maybe you do understand," she was saying. "And maybe Hudson's changed. But I should warn you-"

"I don't need to be warned." It was absolutely schizo how I went back and forth from encouraging to defensive. I bit my lip and when I spoke again, I tried to assume the calm and inviting posture I had before. "I mean, he's already told me everything." I hope.

Giving voice to my fear, Stacy raised a brow and asked point blank, "Has he?" She let it sink in for a moment, letting me wonder.

She gathered the dress I'd been wearing off the floor. "Believe whatever. All I'm saying is he's not what he says he is." She hung it as she talked. "No matter what he tells you, it's a lie."

I'd been around this before: He tells me he won't lie and if I believe that, then I can believe everything he says. But if that is in itself a lie... "But it's not just what he said," I thought out loud. "He's shown me who he is. And Celia said-"

Stacy froze. "Celia Werner?"

I nodded.

Her face grew serious. "Don't believe anything she says either. They're together."

"They're friends." I meant for my tone to be insistent, but it came out weak and, again, defensive.

"They're together." Her tone succeeded at insistent. "Or they were. I can prove it too, if-"

The door opened, cutting her off. Unlike Stacy, Hudson didn't knock. He simply took his place in the world. I loved that about him.

"Gorgeous." He wanted me and it showed in every part of him from his posture to the gleam in his eyes, to the thickness of his voice.

And everything Stacy and I had been talking about vanished from my mind. My knees went weak with desire, and whatever doubts I had disappeared. He was there fixed on me. How could I be anything but sure? Sure about him, about me. About us.

"Thank you." I glowed; I could feel the warmth in every part of my body, reaching toward him. "It is gorgeous. You chose well."

"I did. I chose you."

How was I possibly still standing upright when it felt like every part of me had fallen into delight?

He saw what he did to me, his lips curving into a knowing smile. "She'll wear it out." His eyes never left me even though he spoke to Stacy.

Stacy.

Our conversation came rushing back to me, and the sweet feelings Hudson had brought became jaded. I should drop it, let myself stay lost in that happy, warm place.

But she'd said she could prove it...

"Hudson, I'll be a minute. I need to freshen up my face."

He nodded, and I realized he meant to wait while I reapplied my makeup. But I wanted him out of there, bad idea as it was.

I caught sight of the shoes that I'd worn earlier, sticking out from under the rack where I'd flung them. "Would you mind picking out some other shoes for me, H? Those ones don't quite go."

He followed my gaze to the discarded shoes. "No, they don't. I saw some silver heels that would look stunning."

Like me, Hudson had an appreciation for shoes. It was another one of the things I adored about him.

"Grab them for me?" I didn't have to tell him I'd let him f**k me in them later. He knew. He'd be the one to decide that anyway. He could dominate me all he wanted. Fine by me.

"Sure thing, baby." He winked and I smiled at his endearment. He was so unused to any terms of affection that they all sounded strained and forced on his tongue. Except for when he called me precious. That one came out with complete sincerity.

He opened the door and left to hunt for shoes. Stacy began to follow him, but I reached out and grabbed her forearm.

"You said you could prove it." I hoped my whisper wasn't as shaky as it sounded to my own ears. Was I actually doing this? Giving in to my doubts about Celia and Hudson? This was not a healthy move. It could very well be the beginning of spiraling into a loss of control. Or maybe I'd already lost control, because against my better judgment, I couldn't keep myself from asking. "Can you really?"

"Yes. Not here, but-"

"Give me your phone."

She pulled her phone from her pocket, and I entered my number in before handing it back to her. "You can text me." It was a bad idea-inviting doubts with whatever so-called evidence Stacy had to share.

But on the other hand, my mind could make up a pretty hefty dose of horrible things that Stacy might produce to prove a more-than-friends relationship between Celia and Hudson. The real proof was probably much less malignant.

At least, that's what I kept telling myself.

***

We arrived at the restaurant a few minutes after eight. This time Hudson waited for Jordan to let us out of the limo, for appearances perhaps. I'd never been to this restaurant and knew nothing about it, hadn't even caught the name. I only knew we were back Uptown. We rode the elevator hand-in-hand to the top floor in silence. I was quiet because I was nervous-nervous to interact with Sophia again, especially if she wasn't aware I was crashing her birthday party.

I couldn't say why Hudson was quiet. Perhaps he was nervous too.

"Mr. Pierce," the host said, recognizing Hudson. "Your party is already seated. Right this way."

We followed him into the restaurant toward windows that overlooked the city, the tree cover of Central Park the highlight of the view. The Pierce family was spread over two tables pressed together. I scanned the faces as the host set up an extra place setting for me, the unexpected guest. Chandler, Hudson's teenage brother, and Sophia, her face expressionless. Next was Jack, Hudson's father, a real charmer. It surprised me that he was sitting next to his wife since he openly detested her. Across from them were Mira and Adam.

That should have been everyone, but near me, their backs toward me so I hadn't spotted them at first, were Warren and Madge Werner. And Celia.

I tensed, so many warring thoughts in my head, emotions so strong that they spread through my body. Hudson hadn't invited me, hadn't wanted me at this social function, but Celia had been on the guest list all along. Was that the true reason he hadn't told me about Sophia's birthday? Both of us had agreed not to see her. Yeah, I had gone back on that deal, but at least there wasn't a chance that I was going to jump her. At least I hadn't almost been engaged to the woman. Had he not invited me to this dinner because of that silly agreement, or was it because he wanted to be alone with her? Well, alone as in without me, anyway.

And Celia, whom I had confided in and bonded with just that afternoon, hadn't mentioned the dinner either.

My eyes flew from the blonde to the man standing next to me. His face was even. This was why he'd been quiet. He knew I'd be upset.

I was.

I couldn't take it. I had to bolt. Through gritted teeth, I hissed, "I thought you said this was family only."

Then I turned and walked away.

Chapter Eleven

Before I was out of earshot, I heard Hudson defending my departure. "She left something in the car. Excuse us a moment."

Fuck, he was coming after me.

The sure way to lose him was to head for the bathroom, not that I put it past Hudson to follow me in, but I didn't know where it was located, and I'd already made it past the host's desk. My eyes scanned the hallway. There were the elevators, which would require waiting for a car, and a door to the stairs.

I took the stairs, and, realizing fifty flights down in heels was maybe not a good idea, I went up.

The breeze hit my face as I stepped onto the roof, the heavy door slamming behind me. I kept walking.

The roof was practically abandoned, so I knew the sound of the door shutting behind me was Hudson. Still I kept on, rushing through the gardens and leisure seating arranged across the building top, trying to find a spot where I could be alone, where I could breathe, where I could sort out my paranoia from the legitimacy of the situation.

At the corner wall, I stopped. I leaned over the edge of the cement enclosure, gulping in huge lungfuls of air. Deep breathing was the only thing keeping me from breaking down into sobs.

His footsteps were quiet behind me, but I still heard them, as if I was hyper-attuned to his movements. He stopped before he got to me, reaching out to me with speech instead of his body. "The Werners are practically family."

At least he was smart enough to know why I'd run. And brave enough to not pretend otherwise. He deserved credit for that.

But I couldn't give him anything but disbelief. "Right. Uh-huh." I didn't turn toward him. I didn't want to see his face as he explained. If his expression said I was being ridiculous-it would break me.

"What, do you think I didn't tell you on purpose?" His voice was calm despite his words.

I spit out a harsh laugh. "You don't want to know what I'm thinking."

"Actually, I do."

I spun around. "No, you don't." I backed up until the high corner wall met my back. He didn't get it. Chances were that my feelings were magnified-I had no way to judge their validity when I was this upset. Experience and counseling taught me to not deal with these situations until I calmed down. I needed time to get calm.

"Trust me when I tell you I do."

"Hudson, you can't say that when you don't know what I want to say. It's not good. In fact, you need to leave me alone. Or I'm going to blame you for things. Things I'm probably overreacting about and you're going to be offended. And I'm going to lose you."

That was the only thing I knew for sure. That whatever I said, whatever I felt, it would drive him away. My intense emotions had never failed to scare off the men in my life. Even my own brother had grown tired of dealing.

"You aren't going to lose me." He took one step toward me. Not cautious, but completely sure. As if to say he had complete control of the situation. As if to say, just try to back me down.

I pressed harder against the cement behind me, wishing I could disappear inside it. I didn't want him to witness me like this. "You haven't seen this side of me, Hudson. You don't know."

"Then I need to stay. I need to see every side of you."

He was so calm. I shook my head and bit my lip, fighting off the tears that threatened. Fuck, I couldn't cry. Eventually I'd have to go back to that restaurant and I didn't want to be tear-stained.

But if Hudson stayed, if he pressed me, I didn't think I could keep it together.

Or maybe I could tell him. If we were going to share things, then shouldn't this be one of them? Shouldn't he be the one person whom I could go to about anything? He'd always brought me peace in the past, when I'd explained what was going on in my head.

"Go ahead. Ask me."

"It won't be asking; it will be accusing." I continued to fight, but my defense was weaker.

And underneath all the accusations rolling in my mind, one thought kept repeating: It wasn't fair. Not f**king fair. None of it-my parent's dying, my father's drinking, my past obsessions, whatever led to now when my history of crazy made it impossible to determine whether or not what I was feeling at the moment was valid. Whether I should be laying into Hudson over his deceit or whether I should be apologizing for running out.

"Do it. I want to hear it. I need to know what you're thinking. Trust me."

Trust me. It always came to that. I either trusted him, or I didn't.

And the simple fact was that I did. Trust him.

I swallowed. "You didn't invite me tonight because you knew she'd be here." It was barely a whisper, but he heard me.

He nodded once, saying he understood. "That's not true. I told you why I didn't invite you. And I did invite you in the end. You're here."

"But you didn't want to at first." I stared at my shoes, but my voice strengthened as I fell into the accusations waiting on my tongue. "That's probably why you had to doll me up. To show up Celia, whatever your game with her is. It wasn't about your mother at all."

"You're right."

My head whipped up.

"You're right that it wasn't about my mother. It was about you. I wanted everyone to see how beautiful you are. How beautiful the woman who loves me is."

His statement stirred up my fury. Was he turning my love into a trophy? Into a weapon against her?

It sure felt as such.

"Celia," I spit her name. "You wanted to show Celia, you mean."

He shook his head again.

"She's here, Hudson!" I didn't care that I was shouting. The few people on the roof could enjoy the scene. I didn't even notice if anyone's head turned, I was so wrapped up in my anger. "She's here with free rein and I had to beg to be here. And you told me you wouldn't see her without me. What is she to you?"

"Nothing. An old friend."

"Bullshit." My voice cracked, but, so far, the tears were staying in my eyes. "Otherwise you would have told me about this dinner from the beginning. You were hiding it from me." I pointed a shaky finger at him. "Because you knew she would be here too."

"I didn't know." His lids closed in a long blink as he took a breath. "I suspected," he conceded. "But she's not here because of me. Her mother is my mother's best friend. You know that."

"Fuck that. She's twenty-eight years old. She's old enough to not go to every goddamn function with her mother. She's here for you."

"And I'm here with you." His tone was solid, unwavering. Such a contrast to mine.

"She's still in love with you."

"And I'm with you."

He closed the gap between us, and I secretly sighed in relief, placing my palms against the wall for support. He braced his arms on either side of me, caging me in. "I'm with you."

My fingers curled inward, trying to hold onto something. Having no success against the cement, they flew forward and gripped onto his jacket instead.

He took that as an invitation to move closer. Or he just moved closer, not caring if he was invited or not. He pressed his body against mine, and I couldn't help but press back into him, soaking in his warmth. I'd feared my words would scare him off, and even though my doubts hadn't yet been stilled, he hadn't gone anywhere. He was there.

There and wanting.

His erection pressed against my belly.

My eyes flew to his, surprised. He was turned on? How did...why was...did my doubts do that? Did my messed up anxiety make him want me more?

"I'm hard for you and only you." He spoke low, his words gritty with desire. "It's you that I adore." He lowered his mouth to kiss along my neck, and I let my head fall to the side, granting him access. I moaned as his lips met my skin.

Then, with simply his touch, I relaxed, melting into him. This was all I needed-his mouth on me, his body against me. Who cared about the why? I only cared that he was there.

I threw my arms around his neck, and his mouth crushed into mine, hard. His tongue plunged inside, stroking and caressing-I went wet wanting him inside me in the same way.

He pulled my lower lip between his teeth then let it go. "I'm with you," he said again as his hands gathered the material of my dress up around my waist, tucking it in to the band of my underwear. And again, as his fingers slipped inside my panties.

His fingers circled against my nub, and I bucked forward with a moan.

"That's it." He continued his expert caressing, kissing me and encouraging me. "Relax. Let me be with you."

I whimpered as fingers slid along the length of my slit and found the center of my heat. But instead of entering me as I so desired-so needed-Hudson dropped to his knees and pulled my panties down to my ankles.

Before I could protest the loss of his hands on my core, he licked along the lips of my vagina. "It's you that I'm about to go down on." He spoke between long strokes with his tongue. "It's you I'm going to make come with my mouth so that when we go back down there and you start to feel insecure, you will still be wet and you'll remember my lips were on you and no one else."

I was about to come from his words alone, so turned on by his possessiveness, by his demand for me to know that I was his.

He lifted one foot out of my panties and threw my leg over his shoulder. Then he returned full force, sucking my cl*t into his mouth. His fingers jabbed into my hole-I have no idea how many he used-but he bent them and stroked me until I was writhing. I clutched my hands into his hair for support as my orgasm exploded through me, rocking me against his hand, against his mouth.

Hudson didn't wait for me to calm before he stood, pressing his pelvis against me, urging me to give his c**k attention. I cupped his length-God, he was so hard.

"Take it out," he commanded.

Laughter drew my eyes across the roof to a group of people lounging in the sitting area. How long had they been there? "We're not alone."

"Take it out. I don't care about anyone or anything but being inside you right now. I have to be inside you."

And really, I didn't care either. Not in the least.

I undid his belt and unzipped his pants. He lowered his clothing enough to release his cock. Immediately I circled my hands around it. He was so hard that his veins protruded from the soft skin of his shaft.

He didn't let me fondle him as long as I would have liked. Instead, he lifted me, my back still against the wall, and pushed into me, hard.

"Goddamn, your pu**y is so good." He drove into me with rapid, staccato thrusts. "Do you hear me? Your pu**y makes me this hard. No one else's."

I admired his ability to talk, to be able to speak to me with such coherence while I was a puddle beneath him. And his words-his amazing words-they melted me even more. I soaked them up as I clutched onto him, as he undid me again and again.

His voice strained as he neared his cl**ax, but still he spoke. "When we go back down to dinner, I will smell like you and you will smell like me. And you'll remember that we are together. I am with you."

We came together, me biting into his shoulder to suppress the scream that threatened to escape my lips, him grunting, "No one but you."

No one but you.

I wrapped the sentiment around me like a child's favorite blanket. If I could stay like that, stay embraced in the knowledge that I was there for him, then I could dismiss all the doubts that crept into my heart. I could forget about Stacy and her wild claims of proof. I could believe that Celia was merely a friend.

If I could believe that one statement, Hudson and I would be just fine.

Chapter Twelve

Amazingly, the calm Hudson gave me on the rooftop continued as we made our way back to the restaurant. Even Sophia's peeved glare didn't fluster me as the waiter pulled out my chair for me.

Sophia took a sip of the brown liquid in her hand. "It's about time you returned."

I remembered what Hudson had said as we'd left-that I'd forgotten something in the car-and I started to apologize, using that as the basis of my excuse.

But Hudson beat me to answering. "We got distracted." He squeezed my hand before relinquishing his hold on me, letting me sit in my chair. As soon as I sat, he took my hand again under the table. I couldn't think of another time that I'd been so publicly claimed. And after his private appropriation of my body minutes before, relaxing into a comfortable doubt-free place with Hudson seemed like a real possibility.

Not just a possibility but a reality.

"Laynie!" Mira seemed about to burst out of her chair. "I'm so glad you made it!"

The last time I'd seen her, she'd been worried I was done with her brother. My presence was a declaration otherwise.

"Me, too." I smiled back at her and passed the same grin on to the others at the table, including Chandler's head that was bent over his iPhone and the Werners. But I didn't look Celia in the eye as I did. I could feel her trying to catch my gaze, but I wasn't interested. She hadn't told me about the dinner either and that made me suspicious. Perhaps wrongly so, but suspicious all the same.

"Me, three," Jack said, winking at me.

Maybe it was my imagination, but Hudson seemed to snarl at his father's statement. His protectiveness of me was silly at times, yet it also warmed me.

Sophia finished off her glass and set it on the table with an attention getting thunk. "Well, we already ordered."

"That's fine. We'll catch up." Hudson signaled the waiter, who hastened over. He ordered for us both, in beautiful French that made me slick between my thighs. Or, rather, slicker.

"And while you're here, I'll have another of these." Sophia held up her empty glass to the waiter, and I saw Mira and Hudson exchange a glance. I could relate all too well to what they were feeling-the dread of having an alcoholic parent, the questions and worries that occupied every moment. Would she drink too much tonight? Would she make a fool of herself? Of us?

Except in my life the she's were replaced by he's. It was my father who had been the alcoholic, the one who had caused me anxiety. Was that where I had first learned to worry? Maybe something I should talk to a therapist about sometime. Or, since I wasn't seeing a therapist anymore, then maybe my counselor at the group I attended on a somewhat regular basis.

The thought was interrupted by Hudson leaning in to whisper in my ear. "I hope you don't mind that I ordered for you." The feel of his breath on my earlobe caused my hair to stand on end.

I didn't. It saved me the trouble of having to decipher the menu. And listening to him speak in a foreign language....I sighed as the smooth lilt of his words lingered in my memory. "As long as my dish doesn't have mushrooms, I'm happy."

"No," he chuckled, the sound sending an electric spark through my body. "I wouldn't want you gagging at my mother's birthday dinner."

"Quite the opposite." I leaned toward his ear now, so that only he could hear me. "The way you ordered, I'm salivating. I didn't know you could speak French."

"Fluently."

My eyes widened. "Say something else?" We were flirting, something we didn't do often in front of others, and it came so naturally that I let myself be carried where it took us.

"Oui. Plus tard, quand tu es enveloppee dans mes bras, je vais en parler jusqu'a ce que tu en frissonnes de plaisir"

His husky tone combined with the return of the accent drove me mad. "What did you say?" I was breathless.

He moved his arm around me, pulling me closer before speaking again. "I said, 'Yes. Later, when you're wrapped around me, I'll speak it until you shudder with delight.'"

My face blazed with heat.

"You know there are other people at this table, Hudson," Sophia chided.

I hoped those other people didn't understand French better than I did. And that his translation had truly been quiet enough for only me to hear. But the darting eyes of Madge Werner across the table from me made me think Hudson had been heard.

Oh, well.

Mira rolled her eyes. "Mother, leave them alone." Usually Mirabelle had endless patience for Sophia. Perhaps she was becoming more short-tempered as her pregnancy proceeded. "Can't you see they're in love?"

Hudson turned his head to smile at me. We were still so unused to the word-it felt odd hearing it being said about us. And it also felt apropos. Obvious, even. Like, duh. How could anyone not see it?

Sophia couldn't. "Or they're working awfully hard to make me believe that." She smoothed her hair, which was so stiff that the movement did nothing.

Mira leaned back in her chair and rested her hands on her baby bump. "Why on earth would they want to fake a relationship?"

I kept my eyes on my plate, worried my expression would give something away. Why would Sophia jump to that conclusion? We had indeed tried to fake our relationship. I even had the feeling that Mirabelle suspected as much. But she also knew I loved her brother, and she'd never tell that to her mother. Mira was the type of person that hung everything on love. An any-obstacle-could-be-overcome-if-there-was-love type of person.

For the first time ever, I didn't want to laugh at that idea.

Sophia took her refill from the waiter, not even bothering to let him set it down before indulging in a long sip. "Beats me. Why does Hudson like to do any of the shitty things he does to people? I long ago gave up trying to figure it out."

Celia shifted uncomfortably in her seat, but her parents showed no reaction. Which confirmed that Hudson's past was common knowledge to everyone at the table. No wonder he'd referred to the Werners as family. If they knew his dark secrets, then they practically were.

Then again, how could they not know his secrets? Their own daughter had been his victim, even though it wasn't to the extent that they thought. He hadn't knocked her up, anyway. Whatever he'd done to her head-well, we'd all had people that shaped us for better or worse. Blaming another person for our own actions was selfish. We had to be responsible for our own actions. I'd learned that the hard way.

Sophia was responsible for her bitchy comments now, no matter what hard-knock story formed her. Her cattiness was disgusting and unforgivable.

But Jack was the only one who seemed to think her behavior needed to be reined in. Or the only one to say something, at least. "Just because it's your birthday doesn't mean you have the right to ditch being polite."

Mira snorted. "No, she believes that merely breathing gives her that right."

All eyes turned to the perky brunette, her face growing bright red. Mira never said anything the least bit snarky. It was surprising.

Adam coughed at her side, whether signaling her to say something else or trying to alleviate the tension, I wasn't sure.

She looked down, sheepishly. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that."

"Thank you for the apology. You're hormonal. I don't know what Jack's excuse is for speaking to me so rudely." Sophia cast a sideways glare at her husband and I wondered if it ever crossed her mind to apologize as well. Instead, even.

No, it didn't cross her mind at all. Her expression remained unaltered, not even a flicker of remorse passing over her face.

She peered around the table, as if challenging someone to call her on it. No one did.

"Chandler," she said as her eyes grazed the top of his head. "Put down your damn phone and be present. I want to enjoy the evening with us together. All of us."

But her glance skidded right past me. All of us clearly meant everyone except me.

Chitchat replaced the heavier conversation after that, the attention moving away from Hudson and myself. I enjoyed my salad while Hudson talked business with Warren, and Celia bantered with Mira and Sophia. Sophia even relaxed enough that I saw hints of the carefree fun person she must have been once upon a time. So long ago now that only the smallest remnant graced her current being, hidden from anyone that didn't bother to look hard enough.

How I could see it...well, maybe I was looking. Searching for the person that Hudson wanted to please so much, the reasons that he still kept her in his life instead of separating from her once and for all the way I had from Brian.

Hell, that wasn't necessarily a better option. Cutting Brian from my life hurt. It was a reality I'd been ignoring for the past several days, and I shoved away the impulse to think about it now. I was at a family get-together. Of course I'd think of him. It didn't mean I had to dwell.

Things continued with an air of banality through most of our main course. The dish Hudson had ordered for me was delicious and like nothing I'd ever tasted. Minced lobster and fish dumplings covered with a dill cream sauce. It made me want to lick my plate clean.

Hudson had ordered some sort of duck crepes. He fed me a corner of the pastry that wasn't drenched in the mushroom sauce that accompanied it, the poultry melting in my mouth as my lips slid along his fork. "Divine."

He watched me greedily. "I could say the same thing."

Madge had gotten the brunt of our romantic display that evening since she sat across from us. Now she cleared her throat.

I smiled with what I hoped was an apologetic grin, though I was anything but sorry. I was well aware that Madge believed that Hudson was merely slumming with me, that he'd eventually dump me for her darling Celia. I wanted her to see me with him, knew it irked her, but I wasn't performing for her benefit. I was simply enjoying the evening with my lover. It was genuine.

Madge returned my smile with a sour one of her own. Then she turned in her seat toward Mirabelle on the other side of her.

Pretending I wasn't there was one way to handle me, I supposed.

"Mira," she exclaimed, peering over Celia who sat between her and Mirabelle. "Only four more months until the newest Pierce is introduced to the world. You must be so excited!"

Mira's hands flew instinctively to her belly. "I am!" She frowned. "But when you say four more months, I want to puke a little."

Sophia cleared her throat with disapproval. God, correcting a full-grown woman's language was beyond ridiculous. I wanted to puke a little myself.

Mira was used to Sophia though. "Sorry, not great dinner conversation. I wish it were sooner, that's all. I'm anxious to have her in the world instead of sitting on my bladder."

"It will be here soon enough. Trust me." Unlike his wife, Adam sounded happy that he still had months to prepare.

Warren shook his head, triggered by Adam speaking. He elbowed his wife. "That's not right, Madge. Mira's not a Pierce anymore. It will be baby Sitkin."

Mira's eyes went straight to her mother. "Or Sitkin-Pierce, if we decide to hyphenate." The look on Mira's face said this was a conversation she'd had before. Mirabelle had kept the name Pierce for business endeavors, but the hyphenating was new. I'd bet my entire bank account that it was an attempt to please Sophia.

But nothing pleased Sophia. "It's not the same. Sitkin-Pierce is not Pierce." She sighed dramatically. "So the bloodline continues, but not the name."

It was funny how concerned the woman was with a name that she'd only earned through a loveless marriage. It showed how materialistic she was, how tied she was to appearances. It was the Pierce name that held weight in the world. Any deviation lost the power that the Pierce Industry carried. In her eyes, anyway.

Adam sat forward as if about to go to battle. "Mira's not the only Pierce offspring. Chandler could have children."

And Hudson, I thought to myself.

"Then it will be the name but not the bloodline," Jack said nonchalantly.

My hand flew to my mouth, stifling a gasp. There were rumors that Chandler wasn't Jack's child, but I didn't know it was something the Pierce family discussed openly.

"What?" Chandler looked up from his lap where he'd been trying to hide that he was texting or whatever it was he was doing on his phone.

"Nothing," Mira called down the table. "Go back to whatever you were doing."

So maybe it was common knowledge to everyone but Chandler.

Sophia took another swallow of her drink-her third of the evening. "Hudson and Celia's baby could have been both."

I tensed. Hudson and Celia's fictitious baby caused a fair amount of contention in the family. It had happened years ago, yet the weight of it had been so heavy that it refused to disappear. Why Celia didn't own up and explain the baby wasn't Hudson's was beyond me. It pissed me off that she let him continue to save her from humiliation no matter what it cost him. I couldn't help but throw her a glare.

Celia missed my scowl as her own eyes darted toward Hudson. Or maybe Jack. They were sitting next to each other and it was difficult to tell, but Hudson made more sense.

Jack dropped his fork to his plate, the noise clattering loudly in the quiet restaurant. "Not this again, Sophia. Really? Goddammit, I won't listen to this." He wiped his mouth and threw his napkin over his half-eaten food. Then he stood. "Thank you everyone, I wish I could say it has been a lovely evening, but, well, I'll leave it at that. I'll take care of the bill on my way out. The rest of you stay and enjoy. Order dessert. As for my wife, I'm not going to invite her to rot in hell as I probably should because I think she already lives there. At least hell is where anyone who spends time with her feels like they've been sent."

He deserved a standing ovation. But he simply got open-mouthed stares as he walked away from the table.

Sophia was the first to speak. "What a drama queen." She took a bite of her chicken. "I was merely pointing out that we had a chance at a Pierce grandchild and now it's gone."

"Talk about drama queen..." Though his head was bowed, Adam said it loud enough that the whole table heard it.

Sophia glared at her son-in-law, but it was Hudson who drew the attention of the table. "I could have a child with Alayna."

I nearly choked on the bite of food in my mouth. Sure, I'd been thinking that Hudson could have a kid, but it hadn't for a moment crossed my mind he would have one with me.

Okay, maybe it had crossed my mind for a moment. But a small one. Certainly it wasn't a thought I'd ever share out loud.

But when Hudson had said it, had said it out loud like that to everyone, a strange warmth spread through my chest. It wasn't the low, deep burn of desire, but something different. Something related to the love that I felt for the man, mixed with a dash of hope.

I wanted to share that feeling with him, let him know what it did to me that he'd said it, and I tried to catch his eye. But he was focused on the plate in front of him, taking another bite of his crepes as if talking about having children-children with me-was every day and unremarkable.

Maybe he didn't mean anything by it. I felt the bubble of warmth dissipate as I recognized the possibility that he merely meant it as a line to rile his mother up. In which case, it worked.

Sophia set down her fork and turned in her chair, ire blazing through the cool mask she usually wore. "Are you talking marriage and children already? It's early for that Hudson. Incredibly early."

"Oh, Mother, don't be so old-fashioned. You don't need to be married to have children." Hudson took a swallow of his wine, continuing the nonchalant facade. But when he set down his glass again, I caught the twitch of his jaw, the only betrayal that inside he was boiling. "And what Alayna and I are discussing is frankly none of your business."

Sophia's eyes narrowed. "You brought it up."

"I was stating that I could father a child and that would continue both your precious bloodline and your precious name." His voice was oddly calm and strong all at once. I imagined it was the tone he took in the boardroom. It was powerful. Controlled. Sexy as hell.

Then he delivered his punch line. "And the only person I could ever imagine wanting to have a child with is Alayna."

The impact wasn't any less having heard him pronounce the possibility a moment before. It rang through the air as if every other sound had been muted, as if it were the lead violin in a string concerto. A lonely piercing sound that made people notice.

At once, all three Werners shifted in their seats, and even though Celia and Hudson were never a couple, were never meant to be together, the tension his statement created was as extreme as if the violinist's bow had crossed against a too-taught string. It was so much. Too much.

"Hudson, I..." My voice trailed off. I had no idea what I planned to say. I just wanted the tension to end, to get rid of the general air of hatred I felt rushing at me from so many eyes.

He picked up on my cue. Placing a reassuring hand on my leg, he gave me an apologetic glance before turning back to Sophia. "The point is that you need to let the past go, Mother." His tone was softer, but still held weight. "There is still a future to look forward to. For all of us."

He turned back to me, our eyes locking, and then, instead of me telling him how it felt to hear him talk about a future with me, he told me. He told me with that long silent stare, his hand stroking up and down my thigh in a way that was more comforting than sexual. With that look, he said everything-how much he believed in us, how good we were. How much he loved me, even though he couldn't yet say the words.

Then the tears that I'd managed to keep at bay earlier filled my eyes.

"If you'll excuse me," I said, breaking our stare. "I need to use the powder room."

I made it to the bathroom and took a stall before the tears spilled. There weren't many-a few, each of them happy and sweet and filled with promise. With love.

I heard the bathroom door swing open and shut a handful of times before I'd finished my brief cry. I peed and flushed, then, after washing my hands, made my way to the vanity to freshen up my face.

Fortunately, happy crying didn't muss up my face as much as ugly crying. I continued to grin like an idiot as I leaned toward the mirror to dab at the small smudge of mascara under my left eye.

"You look perfect," someone said behind me.

I glanced sideways, meeting Celia's reflection in the mirror.

Immediately my smile disappeared.

"You just need a touch of gloss. I have some if you want to borrow." She opened her tiny purse and pulled out a lipstick wand.

"No, I don't want to borrow anything from you." I pushed past her, headed for the exit.

But she grabbed me by the forearm. "Hey, wait!"

I pulled my arm away from her grasp but stopped my retreat. I might as well hear what she had to say, whatever grandiose excuse she had about keeping Sophia's birthday dinner a secret from me.

Folding my arms in a dramatically bored stance, I nodded for her to speak.

Naturally poised Celia for once looked awkward, fidgeting from foot to foot.

"I'm not waiting all night. Speak."

Her forehead creased in confusion. "Why are you angry with me? I could feel the tension all through dinner. You wouldn't even look at me. Which is why I followed you in here. Why are you mad?"

"Don't play dumb, Celia. It doesn't suit you."

"I'm not playing. Spell it out for me." Her arms were at her sides, her body in a totally open position, as though she had nothing to hide. "Please."

"Celia..." Was I being ridiculous? Again? Maybe I was letting myself be influenced by Stacy's cryptic warning about the blonde beauty.

I sighed, deciding to put it out there. "I saw you today and you didn't mention anything about this dinner tonight. And you know that I didn't know because I told you that I had no plans to see Sophia and that I had a meeting tonight. All the while, you're saying you're rooting for me." My voice was calm, straightforward, less accusatory than I felt. Maybe I was learning from Hudson.

Celia echoed my sigh. "You're right, you're right." She looked at her shoes, mumbling. "I thought that might be it." Her gaze met mine again. "I didn't say anything, you're right, and I should have. But you were happy and beaming and things were going good, and when I realized that Hudson hadn't told you about the dinner, I didn't want to stir things up between the two of you."

"Or you wanted him for yourself tonight."

"No! I told you, I'm not after Hudson." She ran her hand across her forehead, delicately, as though not wanting to mess up her foundation but so used to the cautious movement she didn't have to think about it. She was a thoroughbred through and through. So out of my league.

I dismissed the flash of envy and focused on her words.

"Look, Laynie, I'm on your side. I am. Can't you see what would have happened if I'd brought it up? You would have cornered Hudson about it and then you'd have to tell him how you found out and that would mean you'd have to tell him about us chatting about him behind his back. And he brought you anyway! So it all worked out. Everything's good!"

"Yeah, everything's great." I reacted before I'd truly digested her words. Once I did, I saw the truth in what she'd said. Honestly, if our roles had been reversed, I would have probably done the same.

I bit my lip. "God, I'm sorry. I just...I don't know who to trust. It feels like so many people are against us."

Her face eased, her worry replaced with a comforting smile. "That's so not true. Sophia is against you. She's the only one. And my parents, but they're only trying to do what they think is best for me. It's a silly parent thing. They don't understand. Obviously."

She meant they didn't understand that she'd never been with Hudson. They didn't realize that her baby had not been his. "Why won't you tell them? It's been years, you said so yourself. Why don't you or Hudson admit the truth about the baby?" I'd been wondering about it since I found out. It would solve so many problems. "If you really cared about his happiness, you'd tell the truth and set him free."

"It seems like that would be the right thing to do, doesn't it?" Her eyes glazed over as she was thinking, remembering perhaps. When her focus returned, her expression was apologetic. "It's...it's complicated. I can't say more than that. I'm sorry, I wish I could. But it involves more than just me. You have to trust me, this is best for everyone. Hudson included."

It bothered me that there might be something about the situation that I didn't know, that Hudson hadn't chosen to share. But maybe Celia was simply making up excuses, not ready to let her parents know the truth. "Like I said, I don't know what I trust."

"Alayna-"

I cringed at her use of my name. No one called me Alayna but Hudson. It wasn't hers to use. It was his.

The door swung open behind us and someone walked in. We were both quiet until the woman took an empty stall.

"This is a bad time. But you have my number. Call me if you need anything. To sort things out or just to talk."

I hesitated. The evening had shown me many things, one of which was how easily keeping secrets could tear Hudson and me apart. I didn't want to keep lying to him. Perhaps this was a good opportunity to end my friendship with Celia. Maybe even come clean about our lunch dates thus far.

Seeming to sense my reluctance to "kiss and make up," Celia put her hand over mine. "I want things to work out for Hudson more than you can imagine. Believe me."

Celia gave one more sparkling white smile before exiting the restroom.

I pulled my phone out from my bra and considered deleting her contact info. It was certainly the safest. But, on the other hand, she'd been helpful to me providing insight that I lacked. And she was important to Hudson. I didn't want to cause problems by being a divide between them.

Funny. The old me would have done just that. The old me, the one before therapy-that me would have made Hudson choose. Her or me. Now, as nice as it sounded to be free of the Werners, I had no desire to force an ultimatum.

And besides being incredibly unrealistic and unhealthy, I was pretty sure Hudson would never go for it.

Chapter Thirteen

It was only seconds after Celia walked out and I had stowed my phone back in my bra when Mira stepped into the vanity from the stall area. Since no toilets had flushed recently and I hadn't heard any running water, I realized she must have been standing around the corner for a while. Her face was more serious than I'd ever seen, and something about her expression made me feel unexplainably guilty.

"Hey," I said, trying to shake the strange feeling.

She pierced me with her brown eyes. "You were talking to Celia."

"Yeah." I put my hand on the vanity counter for support even though I hadn't done anything wrong. We were at a family get-together, eight of us in total. Should I really not be expected to talk to one of the other guests? To my boyfriend's only friend?

"I don't think you should do that anymore." Mira's voice was even and absent of any chiding.

"Why?"

She softened as she stepped toward me, her regular bubbly persona returning. "She's your competition, Laynie! I mean, Hudson is totally into you and no one but you, but Celia is after him. She's pictured herself married to him for so long, it's a done deal in her head."

"I know, I know." A strange pang of pity washed over me. Maybe Celia really didn't want Hudson, and everyone just kept saying that she did, accusing her of something that she'd long past outgrown. I knew how that felt. To be thought still crazy long after I'd gotten better.

Swallowing, I voiced the defense that surprised even me. "She says she doesn't, though. Want him, I mean. She really seems like she might be over him. She's been really supportive, actually."

Mirabelle fluffed the back of her bobbed hair. "Okay. Maybe that's true. I might be overreacting. But I've known her my whole life, and she hasn't always been the best person."

I could imagine what it looked like to Mira, when Hudson had left Celia heartbroken and devastated. To the young impressionable teenager that Mira must have been, it would be easy to blame Celia for the awfulness that had surrounded Hudson. Especially with her as devoted to her brother as she was.

But she was a grown-up now. She had to see the story was bigger than she'd once thought, even if she didn't know the details. "Hudson hasn't always been the best person either," I reminded her.

Disappointment flashed across her eyes.

"I'm not saying that I'm not for Hudson. I don't care what he's done or who he's been. Truly." I would stand by him no matter what shit he'd gone through, just like he stood by me and all the shit I'd done. "It's only that we've all been worse people." Except probably Mira. "At least, a lot of us have been worse people," I amended.

"I'm sure that's true." She stepped toward me, placing her hand lightly on my arm. "But, don't feel like Celia's your only resource, okay? If you need to talk, Laynie, call me. Or better yet, talk to Hudson."

My head was throbbing with all the back and forth-accuse Celia, defend Celia, trust Celia, don't trust Celia. Truth was, the only person I really needed to defend was Hudson. The only person I needed to trust was him.

Yes, he was the one I should turn to when I needed someone to talk to. He was the only one who mattered. The only one who knew how to calm me down. "I'll talk to Hudson. Good idea."

She grinned. "Sometimes I have them. Good ideas. Pregnancy brain and all."

Suddenly, I felt like I'd been away from Hudson for entirely too long and I ached to see him. The ache dissipated the moment we came out of the bathroom, and I found Hudson waiting, his posture strong and one hundred percent male, his eyes blazing at the sight of me. It never failed to make me weak in the knees.

With a wave, Mira headed toward our table on the heels of Celia. She must have lingered after leaving the bathroom. I had to guess she talked to Hudson. Which was fine. Totally fine. Expected, even. It wasn't her he was waiting for. It was me. Always.

Hudson took my hand when I approached him. "Are you ready to go?"

Despite not having finished my meal, leaving sounded heavenly. "I thought you'd never ask."

"Then let's get going." He seemed distracted as he pulled me toward the front of the restaurant, but who wouldn't be after the evening we'd had.

We'd nearly made it past the host's desk when Sophia stepped in front of us. "Were you planning on sneaking out without a proper goodbye?"

I rolled my eyes. But Hudson, level and controlled as always, merely raised a brow. "Were you waiting here to attack me in case I was?"

Sophia frowned, her Botox'd forehead barely moving. "Of course not. I stepped away to call for my car. It's impolite to do such things at the table." Her tone was chiding. As if it had been Hudson wrapped into his phone all evening instead of her other son.

Hudson's grip tightened on my hand. "I already said goodbye to you, Mother."

"You did." She nodded at me. "She didn't. In fact, I don't remember her saying hello."

My stomach tightened and a thousand harsh responses crossed my mind in the matter of half a second. Taking my lead from Hudson, I chose to remain cool. "Neither did you."

"No, I didn't." Her smile was tight, but her eyes brightened. Suddenly I understood that she enjoyed sparring with me. If I were smart, then I wouldn't react. That would take away her reward.

But perhaps I liked the banter as well, the challenge similar to a good game of chess. "Actually, I thought that was very clever of you, Sophia. The evening went fairly well when we were pretending each other didn't exist. Don't you think?"

"Thank you. It was purely unplanned, seeing as how I didn't know you were coming until an hour before when Hudson called to tell me." Sophia was teasing me, trying to rile me up by letting me know I hadn't been on the guest list. It would have been a brilliant play if I hadn't already known.

I played it smooth. "Oh, you did call, H? I thought you were leaving it as a surprise."

"Yes, I called while you were dressing. I decided that Sophia might be better behaved if she was prepared." Hudson fell right into my game. Though he preferred to keep me sheltered from his mother's antics, he was generally amused by the way I handled her.

Her back straightened, a direct contradiction to the way she must have felt, her move having been countered so effortlessly. "Yes, it did work out well. I'll remember the ignoring tactic for next time."

My turn. "Then you've finally accepted there will be a next time?" Check.

Her smile widened as if I'd walked into a trap. "I'm nothing if not realistic, Alayna Withers. The question remains how many next times there will be. I'm in Hudson's life permanently. Are you?"

My composure faltered, my shoulders tensing, my body preparing for a fight.

Hudson stepped in. "Mother, stop it. It's your birthday. Happy day to you. If you're miserable, it's only because you won't let yourself enjoy anything." He let go of me and hugged Sophia awkwardly, giving her a dry peck on the cheek.

For the millionth time, I wondered at the relationship between mother and son. It had taken far less for me to cut off my brother. Of course, that had only been two days before. I couldn't speak for what would happen next between us. And I could only guess at Hudson and Sophia's past. The details were hidden from me, much like most everything in Hudson's life.

Time, I reminded myself. I'd learn about him in time.

Hudson broke the embrace, his hands pushing gently on Sophia's shoulders.

"You smell like sex," she said when he stepped away.

I couldn't help but take that as a compliment.

"I'm surprised you recognize the smell." Without moving his eyes from his mother, Hudson reached for my hand again.

I slipped my palm against his and absorbed the electric spark that always shot through my body at his touch.

Sophia's gaze drifted to our connected limbs and back to her son's face. "I'm not a prude."

Hudson shook his head once, bored with the conversation. "No, no one's accusing you of that. I'm simply shocked you could smell anything over the aroma of bourbon." And checkmate.

"Go home, Hudson. "

"Gladly."

We rode the elevator in silence and the limo as well. There was too much to think about-Jack and Sophia, Celia then Mira. So many aspects of the evening to dwell on, reasons to be confused and muddled. The one thing I wasn't confused about was Hudson. Not anymore. Not since the roof when he'd done some sort of magic sex trick that alleviated all my fears about him. He'd f**ked away my doubts, said the right words, and for the first time in, well, ever, I thought that maybe I could be a normal girl in a normal relationship with a normal guy.

Okay, I'd never be a normal girl and Hudson would never be a normal guy, but perhaps we'd found the closest thing to normal that we'd ever be capable of achieving. And it was pretty damn good.

As I absentmindedly watched the buildings passing through the limo window, it didn't even cross my mind to wonder if we were going to The Bowery or if I was being taken home. Hudson hadn't given any instruction to our driver. I simply took it for granted that I'd spend the night with my lover. Hudson must have taken it for granted too, because Jordan pulled up to the curb in front of his high-rise without a word to me.

It was when we were in the penthouse and the quiet between us persisted that I realized it wasn't only me lost in my head. Hudson had disappeared inside his head too. It wasn't unusual for him to be quiet and within himself-that was the man I'd first met and been drawn to. But even when I'd seen him consumed with his work, he always had a sliver of his attention pinned to me. Though subtle, it was unmistakable.

Tonight was different. We exited the elevator and without a word, Hudson immediately headed to the library. I trailed after him, unsure. Though he hadn't been home since the arrival of the books, he didn't even give them a glance. He beelined to his desk, threw his jacket across the back of his chair and sat down.

Without looking at me, he said, "I have some work to do. It will likely be a late night. I don't expect you to wait up."

"Oh. All right." There was more shock to my tone than hurt. We'd never been alone and not all over each other. It was...strange.

For several seconds, I stood frozen, not knowing what I should do. Then common sense kicked in. "Do you need anything? A nightcap, perhaps?"

He sifted through some papers on his desk, furrowing his brow at one of them. "I may make myself a Scotch later." Then he turned to his computer and was gone from me.

I could make him a Scotch. I wanted to, actually, because then I'd feel needed, wanted. Like I had a purpose in being there.

But Hudson's tone was definitive. He didn't want me to serve him, for whatever reason, and even if I ignored him and got him his drink, I knew already that he wouldn't acknowledge it. Probably wouldn't even notice.

I made him the drink anyway, leaving it on the corner of his desk. He saw me, I knew he did. But like I suspected, he didn't respond.

He'd gone somewhere, somewhere far away. Somewhere he was unwilling to take me.

I slipped away to the bedroom and sat on the edge of the bed, still unmade from the night before. Hudson Pierce, obscenely rich and powerful, and he didn't even have someone who came in to make his bed daily.

Trivial thought, but it was what crossed my mind first.

Then the questions swept in, the constant examination that my mind never seemed to tire of. What had triggered this distant mood of Hudson's? Had it been the last conversation with his mother? The night in general?

Maybe he simply had work to do. He'd expected me to be at The Sky Launch all night. He hadn't planned to entertain me. And I shouldn't have expected that he should. We'd found each other, but that didn't mean the rest of our lives stopped. We still had things to do, responsibilities. Especially a man such as him.

I was sure it wasn't me, it wasn't us. He'd claimed me, the last time only two short hours before. I was his. His mood wasn't because of me.

As further proof, if I needed it, he'd brought me to his place when he could have easily taken me to my own. He wanted me there, even if he couldn't let himself be with me entirely. I knew that. Knew.

I took a deep breath, letting my tense muscles relax as I exhaled.

Then I let go.

Let go of all of it-the thoughts, the worries, the doubts. I wasn't doing psycho. Not anymore. No more obsessing. No more examining. Just let go.

Clarity settled in. People got moody. I was still practically a stranger to Hudson's life, relationships were new to both of us-I couldn't expect either of us to be perfect at communicating with each other. We had to learn, and that took time.

We had time.

I stared at the empty doorway, considering what to do with myself. Watch TV? Or read a book? There were plenty to choose from. I could join Hudson in the library, work on unpacking the books.

But my gut said he needed his space. Though he'd ignored me when I asked him to leave me alone on the roof, that tactic wouldn't work in reverse. Hudson didn't like to be handled like I did. I loved to be handled by him. Adored it. Craved it.

Hudson, though-his walls weren't as easy to overcome. They were mountains. I had to scale them cautiously with stealth and firm handholds. Sometimes I had to chill on a ledge and wait until the weather was better before I began my upward climb again. And sometimes, I'd reach the top of one, and he'd be there, waiting and exposed, and together we'd enjoy the breathtaking view.

Right now I was at a ledge. Chilling.

I laughed to myself. Whoever thought I'd be able to chill about a man? Yet, here I was, not acting crazy, no matter where my head wanted to go.

I stood and looked at myself in the dresser mirror. Did I look different? Paul had said I did. Did my eyes shine brighter? Were the ever-present dark circles under my eyes lighter than usual? Was this what it looked like to be mentally healthy? Because, even if my reflection showed nothing had changed, this me was completely new and amazing.

So even though Hudson's current temperament was baffling and mysterious, I felt good. Strong.

And I'd move in. If he was going to have bouts of isolation, I'd rather still be near him physically, even if I was apart from him emotionally. Besides, that night had proven we could weather stress, and we always seemed to weather it best together.

It was after ten, but I decided to run. I changed and slipped into the penthouse gym, spending forty minutes on the treadmill, followed by a quick shower. Then, after debating over a nightie or a t-shirt or simply my panties, I settled on staying nude and climbed in bed alone. I meant it to be a message to Hudson: I'm na**d for you. Bare for you. No more walls, no more guarded emotions.

When he joined me later, he'd see. He'd get what I wasn't able to speak to him at the moment, an echo of the words that he had repeated to me over and over earlier. I'm with you. I'm with you.

I awoke sometime later in the dark room, lying on my side, with Hudson's arm around me, his hand fondling my breast. Silently, he kissed along my shoulder and up my neck.

I sighed into him, even half-asleep my body was instantly attuned to him, ready, wanting. Slipping my hand between my thighs, I rubbed at my clit, and he thrust into me with ease. It was only moments before we'd found our rhythm, our heavy breathing the lone sound as we moved together toward the same goal.

As my cl**ax approached, my fingers yearned to be wandering up and down the landscape of Hudson's chest. Reaching behind to grab his ass wasn't enough. My hands felt empty and a vague thought drifted through my mind that our position mirrored the current state of our relationship. Both of us looking forward, working together toward a singular outcome, but with Hudson still not completely within my reach. My hands reaching for something I couldn't quite grasp.

We finished near together, and we laid there for several movements without moving or speaking. When our breathing had calmed to normal, I broke the silence. "Where did you go? Earlier."

He nuzzled his nose into my hair. "Does it matter? I'm here now."

I'd told Mira I'd talk to Hudson. But what was I supposed to do when he closed himself off? Even now, in the midst of intimacy, he left part of himself closed.

And maybe that was for the best. Because the parts of him that he opened were bright and blinding, like a beacon in the darkness. So I let my questions roll away, evaporating into nothing as he turned me toward him, lining me up underneath his form. Maybe conversation wasn't needed now. We would speak as we spoke best, with physical touch, our bodies rocking in simultaneous waves. Together.

"Mon amour. Mon precieux," he said against my ear. "Mon cheri. Mon bien-aime."

He was speaking French. He said he would later, with my legs wrapped around him. So I threw my lower limbs around his hips, tilting into him.

Though the words were unnecessary, he muttered them over and over as we made love again. Between the kisses he placed on my neck and on my mouth, as he rolled in and out of me in rhythm with the beautiful poetry on his tongue. "Je suis avec vous. Always. I'm with you, mon precieux."

Chapter Fourteen

The sun was still low and streaming through a gap in the curtains when Hudson released a hand from my breast to look at his watch. "I know it's Saturday," he said, kissing along my shoulder, "and it's early, but I have some business I have to take care of before it gets any later. Then I'll ravage you nonstop the rest of the weekend."

"All right. If you must." I was still recovering from two good-morning orgasms, barely able to form sentences, let alone do anything that required thought. But I did have an important task to attend to myself. One that I'd been avoiding. "I have a few things to do as well so it works out. Lucky for you."

"Lucky for me, indeed."

Hudson hit the shower first, while I got in a run on the treadmill. When I'd finished my workout, Hudson had withdrawn into the library. I took a shower of my own then sat on the edge of the bed, towel wrapped around me, phone in hand and contemplating the call I needed to make. It took four attempts of hitting Dial quickly followed by End Call before I got brave enough to let the call go through. Then I heard the ring on the other end of the line, and, knowing my number would be recognized, I couldn't hang up. He probably wouldn't answer anyway, so why was I being such a chicken shit?

It seemed like forever but finally my brother answered. "Oh my god, Laynie, are you okay?"

His concern irritated me. Either it wasn't genuine or it was too little too late. "Of course I am. Why wouldn't I be?" I hadn't been answering his calls, but that shouldn't have been cause for alarm.

"Because you haven't been at the club all week."

"What are you talking about? I've been there every day."

He sounded exasperated. "I called and asked for you every night this week and you were never there. At first I thought you'd told the staff you weren't taking my calls but then I gave a different name and called from a different phone."

"Jesus, Brian, I didn't realize that stalking was genetic."

"Ha ha." His tone was not amused. He'd never liked it when I joked about my disorder. Which was exactly why I did it.

"I wasn't at the club because I'm not working at night anymore, you moron." As if it was any of his business. Yet, something in me couldn't help but tell him. To brag, to seek for approval. "I got a promotion. I'm working marketing and promotional planning. Day hours. Just like you wanted."

"Oh. Wow. Congratulations, Laynie. I'm proud of you."

For half a second I felt warm and fuzzy. Then I remembered what a shit he'd been to me, how he'd cut me off financially, how he'd feared for my relationship with Hudson because of my obsessive history. Yeah, warm and fuzzy wasn't there to stay. "Whatever, Brian. I don't want to hear it."

"I mean it."

"Only because you're happy that I'm now following the plan you'd laid out for me." Brian had thought that night shifts and the club environment were not appropriate for someone with my condition, despite the fact that working at the club was what had helped me chill out in the first place. If he'd had his way, I'd be doing marketing for a Fortune 500 company during daylight hours, making a shit ton of money doing respectable work. But had I gone that route, I'd have been so bored and stifled I was sure I'd have shot myself within the first week of employment.

"That's not true." He almost sounded remorseful.

I almost felt bad.

"Wait, did you get this promotion because of Hudson Pierce?"

So much for feeling bad. "No. I did not. And f**k you very much for asking."

"What do you expect me to assume, Laynie? You want me to change my entire experience with you because you say things are different?"

"I don't know what I expect, Brian." As much as I wanted to, I couldn't really blame him for being spiteful. I'd been a burden, and, to his credit, he'd been there when I needed him most. Financially, if not emotionally. Truthfully, he was probably as broken as I was.

But understanding him didn't make it better. It simply meant I couldn't hate him.

I lay back on the bed and rubbed my hand over my eyes. "What was so important that you needed to reach me, anyway?" He'd said he was done with me. I figured that would have ended all communication.

He cleared his throat. "The lease on the apartment expires this month."

Of course. Tying up loose ends. "That's actually why I was calling you. I'm moving out. So whatever you need to do to end the lease, go ahead and do it."

"Where are you going to live?"

If I told him I was moving in with Hudson, he'd freak with a capital F. "That's none of your business." Besides, why did he even care?

"Fine, be a bitch. I'm sure you think I deserve it."

I ignored his blatant try to guilt me. "What do you want me to do with the keys?"

"You can give them to me personally when I come there. When are you planning to be out?"

"In the next week or so." Knowing Hudson, he'd have me completely moved out within a day of telling him. It would be an easy move anyway. The furniture belonged with the apartment.

But I didn't want to see Brian. There was no reason that I needed to. "Why do you need to come here?"

"To make sure the place is in good shape before I turn it over. I want to get my deposit back."

I sat back up. "You were there Monday, Brian. You saw what shape it was in. I didn't destroy the apartment after you left, if that's what you're suggesting. Do you think I'd do that just because I'm pissed at you?"

"I don't know what you would do." Brian's voice was raised. "I'm not surprised by anything anymore where you're concerned."

"This conversation is pointless. Text me when you're in town and I'll get you your f**king keys. Other than that, we're done." I clicked End Call and threw my phone on the bed.

What had happened to drive us so far apart? I would have thought that the tragic loss of our parents would make us more devoted to each other, more committed. We certainly loved each other. There was no question about that. But loving a person didn't necessarily make you right for them-didn't make them a good person to be in your world. That was definitely a common theme in therapy.

I ignored what that might mean about Hudson and me. That wasn't territory I was willing to broach. Besides, he'd been my salvation in ways that had nothing to do with money and everything to do with real support.

It was Brian who needed to be out of my life. It pained me to think about it in depth, so I didn't. So what if Brian was my only living relative? It didn't matter. I wouldn't let it.

I sat up, about to get dressed, when my phone bleeped that I had an email. I rarely received emails, but since my work email hadn't been set up yet, I'd had to resort to using my personal account when I sent my official proposal to Julia. Picking up my phone, I tried not to get my hopes up. I pressed the email icon and held my breath as I read. By the time I got through the first paragraph, I was nearly dancing. The email was from Party Planners Plus. And it was good news.

Hurriedly, I dressed into a pair of shorts and black and white sleeveless top, skipping the underwear entirely, then headed to the kitchen to grab something to eat before I ran to tell Hudson my good news. On the counter I found half a bagel and a banana waiting for me next to a mug of coffee. I smiled at Hudson's never-ending attentiveness. Yeah, moving in was a good decision.

Now I just had to tell him.

But, first, I'd share my news.

After eating three quick bites of the bagel, I peeled the banana, grabbed the coffee and headed for the library.

Hudson was on the phone when I entered the room, his back to me as he faced out over the city. His tone was direct and in charge as he spoke in a combination of English and Japanese. Wow-Hudson knew Japanese, too? He would never fail to surprise me and I loved that.

Not wanting to disturb him, I walked in quietly and perched on the edge of his desk behind him. I must not have been quiet enough, because he spun to look at me, not once halting his conversation. Wearing jeans and a tight blue polo that accentuated his firm abs, he looked hot-fuck, he was always hot, but his casual look was one I still wasn't used to. It made me squirmy and aware. Especially as I listened to him conducting his business. He always said my brain turned him on. I wondered if he had any idea that his turned me on as well.

He was equally enraptured by me, his eyes never leaving me as he continued his call. Perhaps the way I ate my banana was a bit sultry. I couldn't help myself. Could I ever when Hudson was in the room?

When he'd finished his call, he set the receiver in the cradle on the desk and swept his glance down my body, as he often did, like he was already f**king me in his head.

His gaze roused me instantly. My body was humming with electricity, my legs swinging with restless energy. "Am I interrupting?"

"Not at all. I'm done for the day." He hissed as I moved my lips slowly over my final bite of banana. "Done with work."

"Sounds like your phone call was a lot more productive than mine was then." I sucked at the tip of my thumb, pretending to clean off banana remnants when there weren't any there.

When I began to move on to my index finger, Hudson grabbed it and sucked it instead. "It's amazing I could even concentrate with your gorgeous mouth wrapped around your fruit. But that was your intention."

I gave a one-shoulder shrug. "I have no idea what you're talking about."

His mouth lifted up into a smile. "Such a wicked, wicked tease." He sat in his desk chair and rolled to face me square on. "Who was your conversation with?"

"My brother. It was painful."

"Want to talk about it?" His hands slid along my calves, sending electric sparks through my body.

"Nope." Not yet anyway. "I'm not letting him ruin my day and this day is fabulous. You know why?"

"Because I'm about to pounce on you?"

"That too." God, that too. My heart quickened with the anticipation. "But also because the event planners I met with agreed to make a deal."

"Of course they did. You're brilliant, remember?" His hands slid past my knees to my bare thighs, his fingers dancing lightly over my skin. "This is with Party Planners Plus?"

I tensed unwittingly. "Wow. Good memory." I'd hoped he would forget the details. The fact that he paid attention made it harder to believe he wouldn't discover Paul Kresh's involvement.

"Only where you're concerned."

That's what I'm afraid of. But I smiled, letting him believe I enjoyed his attention, which I did in general. Just not where Party Planners was concerned.

"Congratulations. I can't wait to see what you do with them." He leaned forward to place a kiss on the top of my thigh, so close and so far away from places that wanted his mouth more thoroughly.

"Me neither." My breath caught as he kissed me again, this time on my inner thigh. "It's a start. I'm excited about it." I wasn't certain I was talking about business anymore.

Hudson took my hand and tugged me forward to straddle him in his chair. "Then we both have good news today."

"Tell me yours." My hands wandered over his shirt, enjoying the feel of the firm landscape underneath.

His eyes closed in a long blink, and I knew he was enjoying my touch as well. Mirroring my movement, his palms fondled my braless br**sts through my top. "I was on the phone with a contact in Japan. I've asked him to arrange for me to make a trip there in the next few days."

My hands stilled. "What? Why?" Japan was so far away. The thought of him going there for even a short time made my chest ache.

"To make a bid for Plexis."

"Really? Oh, Hudson, that's so great!"

"I approached that gentleman you heard talking. His name is Mitch Larson." Hudson continued to knead my br**sts as he spoke, my body arching into his touch. "Turns out he doesn't have any selling power in his company, but he arranged for me to bid directly to his boss in Japan. I wouldn't have gotten the meeting if I hadn't gone through Mitch." I moaned as he pinched my ni**les to two proud peaks. "And I wouldn't have known to approach Mitch if it weren't for you."

I squirmed, trying to get pressure where I needed it, low in my crotch. "I wouldn't have even been at that party if it weren't for you."

"You could easily have tuned the conversation out. Or not bothered to tell me. You did. For which I'm grateful."

His hands, still on my br**sts, felt too far away. I needed them on my bare skin, ached for him to touch me without a barrier. Soon. He'd have to take me soon.

I bent to whisper in his ear. "How grateful are you?"

"I think you know." He bucked up and I could feel his erection-finally-meeting me at my core.

His mouth lifted to meet mine, but he took his time, brushing my lips with his nose, licking along the curve of my chin. His teeth nipped at my bottom lip and I couldn't take it anymore. Putting my hands on each side of his face, I held him steady as I crushed my lips to his. My tongue stayed shallow, teasing along his lower teeth until he plunged his tongue into my mouth. Then I claimed his mouth fully, sucking his tongue like it was his cock, reveling in the moan at the back of his throat as I did.

His hands stroked up and down my back but still hadn't gone under my shirt. I pulled on the bottom, hinting what I wanted, what I needed.

Instead of following my lead, he placed his hands gently on my shoulders and pushed me back. We were both breathless, and I, more than a bit confused, and so utterly aroused I couldn't sit still.

"Alayna, there's something I need to say." Hudson moved his hands to my h*ps to stop my fidgeting. "About yesterday. About moving in."

Fuck, was he taking it back? In the middle of a really hot make-out session? "Yes?"

"I don't want you here..."

He paused, and I got nervous that he'd reached the end of his statement.

But then he continued. "...so I can control you. I want you here because I can't bear it when you're not. I want you here because I want you with me-always."

It was perfect, absolutely perfect.

I let out a shaky breath. "Okay."

His body relaxed, his shoulders lowering. "Good. I needed you to understand."

"No, not okay, I understand. Well," I conceded, "that too. But I meant okay, I'll move in with you."

Hudson's brow arched in astonishment. "You will?"

Warmth spread through my body. "Why are you so surprised? I'd think you'd be used to getting your way. I bet you get everything you want."

"Most everything. But I often have to fight first. And I was prepared to fight for this. For you. It was much easier than I'd planned."

"Probably because I'd already decided to say yes. But even if I hadn't, you would have won me over with that." I placed my hands on the sides of his face. "Hudson, I want to be with you always, too. And who the hell cares if people say it's insane or too soon because I'm already crazy and I'm already madly in love with you."

"Alayna." His voice was gruff and heavy, as if the utterance of my name carried much more weight than it should have. Like it held so many meanings that Hudson wasn't able to express. With that one word, I was elevated to a state of emotion that I hadn't felt before, one that was deep and rooted and at the same time high and euphoric. It was falling in love all over again with someone I already loved to the bone.

He moved quickly, pulling my shirt off me in one swift motion, then lifting us up from the chair enough to work free his cock. I wrapped my hands around his hard length, stroking him with a mad sort of desperation while he kissed me senseless. His face still focused on me, he attacked my shorts with his hands, clawing at them as if he could tear them away. After a few frenzied minutes, he reached in the top drawer of the desk behind me and fumbled around blindly until he found what he was searching for-a pair of scissors.

Then he cut off my shorts.

I'd never imagined it would be so outrageously sexy to have my clothes cut off of me, or that anyone would actually do it. It was one thing when he'd ripped off flimsy thongs, but taking scissors, cutting so near my skin-I was wetter and hotter than I'd ever been, driven by his rabid need to have me na**d and bared for him.

Once he'd tossed aside the torn material, he shifted his hands under my ass and lifted me on top of him. I was so wet; I slid down on him easily, sheathing him entirely.

"Oh, god, Hudson!" I could feel him so completely at that angle, his throbbing c**k hitting against the wall of my vagina, making me writhe on top of him. I sat forward on my knees so that I could push off of him again, lifting and lowering at a frenetic speed that was more reminiscent of the way Hudson rode me, not the way I rode him.

My orgasm came without warning, ripping through me out of nowhere, slowing my pace. I fought to keep the momentum as the waves overtook me, shaking me and shattering me until I gave up with a long cry of pleasure.

I was barely aware of the chair rolling until the desk pressed into my back and Hudson took over the driving. He thrust into me with skill and precision, my legs wrapping around his waist as he shifted our position, the seat behind him serving as a place for him to fall rather than actual support.

When my vision cleared, I noticed the windows behind me. Though we were on the penthouse level of the building and it was highly unlikely that anyone was looking in, it was still possible and the realization added a profound level of eroticism. The delicious tension had just begun building again, intensifying exponentially when Hudson spilled inside me with a deep primal groan.

He gave himself no time to recover before he laid me across the desk. Pushing aside the chair, he knelt between my thighs, propping my ankles on the edge of the desk. I was na**d and spread wide in front of the windows, in front of my lover-I was near my second cl**ax before Hudson's tongue ever touched me.

He didn't tease or go slow like he often did when he ate me out, but sucked and licked at my cl*t with urgent strokes of his tongue. I came instantly and still he continued. It was too much-too intense for my heightened senses and my h*ps bucked away.

"Once more," Hudson said before renewing his attack.

"No!" I writhed but his hands held firm to my ankles. "I can't take it."

"Once more." He was insistent, not to be swayed, but he did redirect his approach, moving away from the singing ball of nerves and plunging his tongue into my hole instead.

My hands flew to his head, clutching fistfuls of hair as he worked me toward yet another high, his tongue licking up my slit back to my cl*t then down to plunge in again at my core.

Somewhere in the part of my brain that could still formulate thought, I knew what he was doing-he was thanking me, showing me how happy I'd made him by deciding to live with him. His own cl**ax had come quickly, but he could get hard again. I knew this from experience. He probably already was hard again as it turned him on to no end to go down on me. Yet, instead of burying himself inside me, he was giving me all the pleasure. It was a message, and I got it loud and clear.

His endeavor slowed, but his ardor remained. The next orgasm came more reluctantly and he pulled it out of me with sweet, drawn-out dedication until I went over the edge, shivering as the warmth spread outward to my limbs, curling my toes.

Hudson stayed between my legs until I'd calmed, licking me and lavishing me with soft praise while my heart rate returned to normal.

Then he stood and carried me to the couch, laying me down.

He gazed at me, his eyes still half-closed with desire as he stripped naked. I was right-he was hard again, hard and throbbing. He lay beside me, wrapping his arms around me. Smoothing my hair with sensuous strokes, he spoke low at my ear. "I know it's scary and our situation hasn't been ideal, but you are everything good for me. Nothing in this world is important to me beyond you. I can be the same for you. I know it. And I'm so grateful you've given me the chance to prove it."

I shifted to face him. "You have nothing to prove. You're already everything good for me, too."

"Shh." He kissed my forehead. "Not yet. I haven't been able to give you everything you need yet."

My mind scrambled to figure out what he possibly thought I needed that he hadn't given me. The three words. That was the only thing I could settle on. But I knew them even if he didn't say them. I knew them with every fiber of my being.

"It's okay, Hudson. It's-"

He cut me off. "It's not. But I need you to know that I'm trying and I'm not going to stop trying until I get there. Do you hear me? Don't give up on me." He was vehement, his expression frantic.

"I'm not giving up on you." I reached my palm up to caress his face and he leaned into my touch. "Why would I do that? I love you, Hudson. So much."

His eyes closed tight, almost as if my statement were painful to him. "I don't deserve your love. I don't think I ever will."

"You deserve more than I can ever give you."

"We have a difference of opinion on that. We'll have to agree to disagree. Again." He pushed at my shoulder. "Turn," he ordered.

I shifted to face the back of the couch and immediately felt Hudson's thick erection pressing behind me. Lifting my leg up and back around him, he slid into me again. "This time," he whispered between kisses at my neck, "we're going to take it slow."

Chapter Fifteen

As I imagined would be the case, Hudson was eager for my moving in to commence immediately. Correction-immediately after another round of lovemaking. Bursting with an excitement I'd never seen from him before, he made arrangements with "his people," and by the end of Saturday, the relatively few things I owned had been boxed and brought over to The Bowery. It happened so fast that the anxiety of it didn't even have time to overwhelm me, and whenever I felt it creeping up, I simply promised to deal with it at my Addicts Anonymous session on Monday.

It was easy to unpack. Almost all my belongings fit in the extra closet in the bedroom-our bedroom. Only one item, a hope chest that had belonged to my mother, found its way to the extra room. I was completely settled by Sunday evening, and the sore muscles I boasted were not from carrying boxes but from other physical activity.

Monday came too soon, yet wasn't dreadful since I adored our wake-up routine. Our cell alarms going off in tandem, a quickie in the shower, getting ready side by side at the twin sinks, sharing a fast bite at the kitchen table-all of it rocked. The still thrilling newness of it combined with the security of knowing the situation wasn't temporary sent me to the club with a spring in my step, a rarity for me since I had never been anything near a morning person.

Since I was in such a good mood, I began my workday by tackling what felt like the most daunting of my tasks: rescheduling with Aaron Trent. I had suspected that the only reason he'd agreed to meet with me in the first place was because of Hudson. When he'd canceled on Friday night, my suspicions were confirmed. All it would take was one call from my boyfriend and I knew the meeting would be back on. But I wanted to do it myself.

Since I didn't have a direct phone number to Trent's office, and I didn't want to ask Hudson, I had to use the agency number listed on his website. It took two transfers before I reached Trent's assistant. "I need to make an appointment with Aaron Trent. Is that something you can help me with?"

The voice on the other end was bubbly and professional. "I can take your information, but I'll have to check with him before any meeting time is approved."

"That makes sense." I ran my hand over my face. Why on earth did I ever think I'd be able to get to talk to the man myself? Despite the futility of it, I delivered my information. "This is Alayna Withers from The Sky-"

"Ms. Withers," Bubbly Professional cut me off. "I didn't realize it was you. Mr. Trent said if you called that we could go ahead and reschedule for whenever would be most convenient for you."

"Oh. Okay." So maybe he hadn't been planning to bail on me after all. I was pleasantly surprised. Not that I was fooled that his eagerness to meet had anything to do with me and nothing to do with whom I was sleeping with, but I also knew if I had him in front of me, I could impress the balls off the guy.

We made arrangements for an evening later in the week, but before I hung up, I asked the question itching on my tongue. "Hey, do you have any idea why Mr. Trent canceled to begin with? I know it's none of my business. Just curious."

Bubbly Professional seemed surprised. "Mr. Trent didn't cancel. Some woman from your club called Friday afternoon and said something had come up. I'd assumed it was you."

That was impossible. No one even knew I had the meeting that night except for David and Hudson. And last I checked, neither of them were women. "It wasn't me. Are you sure?"

"Yep. I took the call myself."

Either someone had canceled my meeting on Friday without my permission or I was seriously being pranked. Whichever it was, Bubbly Professional didn't need to hang on the line while I figured it out. "My mistake. Thank you and please apologize to Mr. Trent for any inconvenience it may have caused him."

"Honestly," her voice lowered as if she were sharing a secret, "this worked out better for him. He would have had to miss out on a daddy daughter dance if you'd kept the Friday appointment, and Rachel's the type of girl that doesn't take disappointment well. So you kind of did him a favor by canceling."

Ah, so it was probably Rachel Trent who canceled. I'd never been close to my father, but I could appreciate her wanting to be with her dad. I'd definitely done things equally as manipulative as a teen.

I thanked Bubbly Professional for the information, hung up the phone, and moved on to the other items on my day's agenda.

It was nearly three when the bell rang at the service entrance. I checked the camera feed since we weren't expecting any deliveries. It was Liesl.

"Be right there," I told her through the intercom then ran down to let her in.

I opened the door and opened my arms for Liesl to give me a bear hug. She was one of the only people I allowed to touch me so intimately and only on my terms.

"What are you doing here so early?" I asked into her hair. "Do you work tonight?"

"Nope. Off tonight." She let me go to give me a high five. "We could hang out later, if you want."

"I do want. I have group at five-thirty. Maybe after that?"

"Groovy. I just had coffee with some friends next door. They want me to go to a concert with them so I came by to check out next week's schedule. Is it up yet?"

"Yeah, I think I saw it. Come on up."

We climbed the back stairs to the office. I found the schedule on David's mess of a desk and turned around to hand it to her and jumped when I saw a figure in the doorway. Another half second and I realized it was Hudson. I'd almost forgotten he had his own set of keys.

"Hi! What are you doing here?" It was a nice surprise to see him unannounced in the middle of the day, though also odd.

His expression was even. "You need to come with me."

"Why? What's up?" I took a step toward him before I recognized the tension in his body, the firm set of his jaw, the light missing from his eyes. "Hey, are you mad at me?" He'd never truly been upset with me before. Not like this, where the anger rolled off him in waves so thick it was almost palpable.

"Get your things and come." He spit out the words, as if it was difficult to speak civilly.

"That bossy thing is so hot." Liesl didn't even bother whispering.

Admittedly there were times I thought the bossy thing was definitely so hot. This was not one of them. His tone and body language scared me. I didn't believe he'd ever hurt me-not physically, and not on purpose-but his agitated state suggested he didn't have control of himself.

I crossed my hands over my chest defiantly. "Hudson, I'm not leaving just because you say so. I need more information."

"Alayna, I'm not doing this here." He was shaking. I'd never seen him so upset. "You will get your things and come. Now." It wasn't a suggestion. It wasn't an invitation. It wasn't even an order. It was fact. It was what I would do, as expected as my next breath.

He had to know.

The certainty rushed through me at lightning speed, leaving me dizzy and weak.

I couldn't say how or which of my secrets he'd discovered, but there was no doubt in my mind that he had found something out, and I understood with irrefutable conviction that if I had any real interest in our relationship then I needed to do as he said. Hudson had reasons to be mad at me-very real, very valid reasons. And if I wanted to salvage what we had, I'd have to take his wrath. I deserved it. I owed it to him.

I started toward my purse, ready to leave at his side when I remembered Liesl. "I, I have an employee here and I'm the only other person here. David's not due in until five."

"It's fine, Laynie." Liesl flashed me the palm of her hand and I could see pen marks that I guessed were her schedule. "I got what I needed. I'll leave with you."

It was almost comical that Liesl didn't understand the gravity of Hudson's mood, that she took it for granted that his behavior was commonplace and that I welcomed it. But I was too mortified to laugh. Too deeply disgraced.

I swallowed down the thick ball in my throat and looked to Hudson, not meeting his eyes. "I need to close everything up. I unlocked the bar when I got a soft drink earlier and the computers are still up-"

Hudson's hands were balled into fists at his sides. His patience was wearing. "Text David and tell him I required you to leave on short notice. Alarm the main door. It'll be fine." Tersely, he added, "I doubt David will care."

Was it David, then? Was that what this was about? Or was I reading into things?

I was in a daze as we walked out, my feet moving automatically while Liesl chatted nonstop about the new bartender. I'm sure that I nodded and said, "Uh-huh," at the appropriate times because she didn't call me out on my lack of attention.

At the door, it took me three tries before my unsteady hands entered the alarm code correctly. We stepped outside into the daylight, the sun blinding after the dark of the club. Liesl squeezed my hand in goodbye. "I'll take a rain check on that girls' night out. Have fun with Mr. Dominant." She wiggled her eyebrows before she took off toward the subway station.

I looked to the curb and realized there were no familiar cars waiting for us. When I turned back to Hudson, he was walking toward the other shops, already several feet away. I jogged to catch up with him but slowed my speed before I got to his side. It was easier to avoid his gaze if I were a step behind him.

We walked in silence and my mind struggled to get a grip on the situation. We were headed to Central Parking. He must have driven himself, probably parked in one of the club's designated parking spots. He usually only drove himself for sport, and he didn't really seem in the "for sport" mood. He must be driverless for another reason. Like, he'd been so worked up he couldn't even wait for a ride to be arranged. He simply took off, in a rage. I tried to imagine it-him at his office, immersed in working when-what? What had happened to make him drop everything and drive himself to find me? But wasn't that the million dollar question? Well, we were talking about Hudson Pierce-100 million dollar question was more like it.

At the garage, Hudson clicked the security button on his key ring, and the Maybach announced its presence, parked, as I'd guessed, in one of the club's two VIP spots that were rarely taken. Despite his chilly attitude, he opened the passenger door for me and reminded me to text David before walking around to the driver's side.

I punched a quick message into my phone that I prayed made sense without sounding like I was in trouble. But wasn't I? In big trouble?

No, why should I be? Just because I was in love with the man, because we had some unspoken commitment to each other that I had broken with my secrets-none of that meant that I had to sit by like a wayward child waiting for her punishment. I was a big girl. Sure, I had to take responsibility for my actions, but I didn't deserve to be in the dark, handled with hostility and rage.

We'd just pulled out of the garage when I decided to take a stand. "What's going on?" I was met with silence. "Hudson?"

"I'm not ready to talk about this yet." The vein in his neck twitched. I'd never seen him like that. Not even when he'd accused me of being involved with David.

David. If I had to make a guess, I was betting that was the source of his ire. Still, I played it cautiously, giving nothing away, even though a part of me wanted to spill everything, tell Hudson every little moment of betrayal. But I was too frightened that I'd lose him, so instead I delivered a generic plea. "Whatever it is I did, I'm sorry. I'm sorry and I'll do whatever I have to do to fix it."

A cabbie honked as Hudson switched lanes, pulling out in front of him. "Alayna, I can't talk about this while I'm driving."

He accelerated through a yellow light and I braced myself against the console. "Yeah, good idea. Focus on the road because you're scaring me."

The look he shot me was pure fury. "Good. Maybe you should be scared."

I didn't try to talk after that. His driving didn't improve, even in the silence, and I was grateful it was a short distance to The Bowery. I hadn't even been aware the underground parking existed until we'd entered the tunnel and parked next to his Mercedes. Huh, I'd wondered where he kept that when he wasn't using it.

Being with Hudson, I'd gotten used to doors being opened for me, but I hopped out the minute the car stopped. He might be mad, and I might deserve it, but I didn't have to take it like a pu**y.

We rode the elevator in sharp silence. In the penthouse, Hudson headed straight for the bar. I followed, my arms folded over my chest, and waited for him to decide that he was ready to talk.

He'd poured and drank half of his Scotch before facing me. "Tell me one thing. One thing and think carefully before you answer because I want to believe what you tell me." His voice was even, measured.

I leaned against the back of the couch, bracing myself.

"Are you still in love with him?"

So it was David. How Hudson had found out was beyond me. I couldn't imagine David sidling up to his boss and sharing the sexual adventures he'd had with me. Especially when David had ended things specifically so Hudson would never find out.

However he'd figured it out, it didn't matter. What mattered was setting the record straight now. "No, I'm not. I was never in love with him."

Hudson closed his eyes briefly, almost as though he were relieved. But when he opened them again, the stone coldness remained from before. "Then whatever it was-attraction, obsession. Do you still feel that for him?"

"I never felt any of that for him. He was safe. We messed around a few times." I winced at Hudson's hurt expression. "That's really the extent of it. Really and truly. He was just a guy I had chemistry with but not enough to drive me crazy." Not like you. Never like you.

"Then why did he file a restraining order?"

A whoosh of air swept through my ears, leaving me lightheaded. Dizzy. "Wait, who are you talking about?" The only restraining order I'd had was with Paul. And the secret that I was working with Paul was much heavier than the David thing.

My fingers curled into the sofa behind me as I waited for him to say the name I knew he'd say.

"Paul Kresh."

"Oh." I nodded slowly for several seconds. "Oh." There was nothing else to say. I had no reaction, I had no defense. "You found out about Paul."

His teeth gritted. I could hear as he ground them together. "Since you know I'm already aware of your past with Paul, you must be referring to the fact that he's a partner in Party Planners Plus."

I shook my head.

"You didn't know?" There was hope in his tone. He wanted me to not know.

But I couldn't lie. It was one thing to keep it from him, quite another to lie outright. "Well, he's not technically a partner, so that's not a fair question."

"Dammit, Alayna. Don't hedge around the facts. Because I'd like to think that you would never do something so stupid as to sign a deal that would put you in close working proximity with someone that you are legally not supposed to be anywhere near. The Alayna I know would never do something so brainless."

But I had signed the deal. That morning, in fact. "Guess you don't really know me."

He slammed his empty glass on the bar. "This is not a f**king game!"

"Don't you think I know that?" I raised my voice to match his. "I'm the one who has the restraining order. I get the seriousness of the situation." I pointed my finger into my chest at each mention of the word I so forcefully, I knew it would bruise.

"Then why?" His eyes were pleading. "You can't have been that desperate to sign a deal. I had thought-I'd hoped-that you didn't realize that Kresh was engaged to Julie Swaggert-"

"Engaged? I thought they were just dating."

The look on his face said that wasn't the thing to say.

I quickly corrected. "Which doesn't matter, I know. I didn't mean to seem interested, because I'm not. I'm not, Hudson. I don't care what or whom he's with. It's only that he didn't say they were engaged when we talked."

"You talked to him?"

I hadn't thought he could be more enraged. Turned out I was wrong.

"So help me god, Alayna, you better say it was on the phone."

Lie, lie, lie. It was a song in my head, repeating the same refrain. I willed myself to ignore it. "It wasn't. It was in person."

He stepped toward me, his hands poised like he wanted to wring my neck. "Dammit, Alayna! What the f**k were you thinking?"

"Stop yelling at me and I'll explain." Even though I knew he wouldn't hit me, his rage wasn't productive. And as mad as he was, I was afraid he wouldn't get past his anger. That he'd end things for sure. I needed a hint that there was a chance we weren't over.

"I'm waiting." His volume was lower, but his demeanor hadn't changed in the least.

"I'm not saying anything until you calm down. You're scaring me."

He looked as though I'd slapped him. "That's fair." He ran a hand through his hair. "But this is as calm as I'm going to get."

I swallowed. "I, um, had the meeting with Julia. On Thursday. And I didn't know she was involved with Paul. But then at the end he showed up and I was totally unprepared." A chill ran through me at the memory of seeing him in the club, at the shock I'd felt. "He acted like he didn't know me so I followed his lead. And then when Julia went off to the bathroom, Paul told me he didn't want to ruin the deal for her and so we had to pretend we'd never met."

I stepped toward Hudson, hating the look on his face, wanting him to be comforted. "I told him I couldn't work with him, Hudson, and he said I had to. He said Julia was dying to work with Pierce Industries and this was her in and if I screwed it up..." I bit my lip and tasted blood. "He said I owed him."

"Alayna, you don't f**king owe him anything." His voice was still harsh, but less so.

My eyes stung. "I do! I ruined his life."

"He cheated on his fiancee. He ruined his own life."

"But there's more to it than that, and you know it."

"You still don't owe him shit. You were sick. You weren't responsible for what you were doing."

I took that in. I had been sick. I hadn't been in control of my actions. I knew this. I'd accepted this in therapy.

But that didn't change anything. "It doesn't matter. Even if I don't owe him, he has this over my head. He could say that I set up the meeting simply to get to him. I mean, I didn't, but it could look that way." I chuckled harshly. "Even you thought that I did. And then he was there again that night at the Botanic Gardens. It looks like I could have been following him. Who's going to believe me over him?"

I'd been avoiding his eyes, but I met them now. "If I violate that order again, I could see jail time." Not to mention what could happen to Hudson in the media. He'd be the joke of the town.

"Alayna." He closed the short distance between us in two quick steps and wrapped his arms around me.

I hadn't realized how close my tears were to the surface until I was safe and in his arms. I cried softly into his shoulder, not only because of what I'd done or because of the pressure I'd been under keeping it in, but because he was holding me. They were tears of relief.

Hudson pulled me in even tighter. "Why didn't you come to me? I would never let anything bad happen to you. Never. You have to know that, don't you?"

I turned my face so my words wouldn't get lost in the material of his suit jacket. "I got scared. Of what he could do to me. Of what he could do to you." The long strokes he ran along my back made it easy to keep talking, easy to confess. "And I wanted you to be proud of me. Of the deal I made."

He pushed me away suddenly and gripped my upper arms. Bending to catch my gaze, he said, "I'm always proud of you, Alayna. Always."

It broke me. Again.

I clutched on to his shirt inside his open jacket. "I should have told you. I'm so sorry. I didn't know what to do and I wanted to tell you. Please, don't be mad at me."

Softly, he shushed me. "Don't. Don't cry, precious." He held me as I cried. When I was calmer, he said, "I'm only mad because you put yourself in danger. You scared me. You can't imagine what I felt when the background report came across my desk and I realized the situation. Don't you know I couldn't stand it if anything bad happened to you?" His voice cracked.

"Yes, I know." It was exactly how I'd feel if something happened to him.

"And I'm mad because you didn't come to me."

"I wanted to. I did. But Ce-" I almost mentioned Celia, stopping myself right before I did. I didn't think it was a good time to add that secret to the mix. "But I didn't want you to have to get in the middle of my mess."

I pulled away, looking aimlessly for a tissue.

Hudson pulled a handkerchief from his pocket. Who the hell carried handkerchiefs? There was still so much to learn about this man.

"Don't be silly," he said, dabbing at my eyes. "First of all, I own The Sky Launch so I'm legally responsible for anything that goes on in regards to employees and the people they interact with."

I hadn't thought of that.

He ran his thumb gently down the side of my face. "But more importantly, if you're in a mess of any sort, then so am I. Not legally. But because you're mine. And I'm yours. And that means I'm tied to you in every way. Good and bad. If you can't see that, then we have no chance."

Oh, god. The enormity of it hit me. I'd put all we had in jeopardy, put us at risk. "I really f**ked everything up." I felt the color leave my face. "Oh, god, Hudson."

He tilted my chin up with one finger and kissed my nose. "You didn't f**k everything up. I can fix it. Now that I know."

"What will you do?" I had a brief flash of men in trench coats meeting up with Paul in a dark alley. Sad that the thought brought a smile to my face.

"I wouldn't do anything illegal, if that's what you're thinking."

Damn, he could read me so well.

"I'll offer Party Planners Plus a deal with Fierce in exchange for terminating the contract with The Sky Launch. Fierce is a bigger name and can offer a better payout. They'll still be working with the Pierce name. Kresh will have nothing to complain about."

"Good plan. Thank you." If I'd only come to Hudson in the first place, he would have arranged a deal like this and I wouldn't have put anyone-myself-in a precarious position. My stomach churned with self-loathing. "I'm sorry, Hudson. I'm sorry you have to clean up my mess. I'm such an idiot."

"Shush up." His arms were around me again, holding me, comforting me when it was the last thing I deserved. "Stop feeling guilty. It's our mess, remember? And I want to clean it up. It's one of the things I'm capable of. Let me."

"All right." I took a deep breath, letting all my worry and regret out as I exhaled. "All right, I'll let you."

Chapter Sixteen

Hudson pocketed his damp handkerchief, and I could feel his disposition change, could feel him moving away. "Now, Alayna. What else do you need to tell me?"

"What-what do you mean?" I was still recovering from the last horrific confession. What other information did I need to disclose? At this point, I was ready to spill everything.

Hudson took his jacket off, folding it and setting it on the back of the sofa. "When we started this conversation, you thought I was talking about something else. Someone else." His eyes pierced me. "Who did you think I was talking about?"

Honesty. I owed him honesty. "I thought you were talking about David."

"David Lindt?"

"Yes."

He backed up until he was leaning against the wall. I hated that he needed the support. "You told me there was nothing between you and David."

"There's not. Anymore."

"But there was."

"Yes."

I could see the pain across his face. It killed me. It was exactly how I'd feel if I found out there had been something with him and Celia. I wanted to go to him, to hold him like he'd held me, to make it better.

I stepped toward him, but he put a hand out to stop me.

"It was nothing, Hudson. We were sort of together. But not really. We didn't go on dates or anything or tell anyone about us. Just, when we worked late, alone...things happened." The words tasted awful in my mouth.

"Did you sleep with him?"

"No. Things never went that far." This hadn't been the first time the subject had been broached. "You've asked me this before and I told you no then as well. I wasn't lying."

He shot me a challenging glance. "I also asked if you had wanted to and I never got a straight answer."

"I don't know the answer." I considered leaving it at that. But I knew it would always hang over us unless I let it all out. "Yes. I suppose I did. Once upon a time. But not now." Again, I wanted to move toward him. This time I stopped myself before he did. "There's nothing now, Hudson. You have to believe me."

It was after several long seconds that he spoke. "I do."

"You do?" I couldn't hide the shock from my voice.

"Yes. You don't look at him the way you look at me."

"Of course, I don't."

"But he looks at you the way I look at you. The way I imagine I look at you."

"No, he doesn't." Yes, David had feelings for me, but they didn't compare to the way Hudson felt about me. "You're exaggerating."

Hudson straightened and began pacing. "I'm not. It's a problem and I can't have it continuing."

"What does that mean?" I knew the answer without having to ask, the dread washing over me in a thick wave.

"It means he's going to have to leave The Sky Launch."

"Don't even joke." As if Hudson was the type to kid.

"Does it seem like I'm joking?"

"Hudson, no. You can't do that." My voice was louder than I would have liked it. I'd prefer to be stoic and cold like him, but that wasn't me. "You can't fire David because of a stupid fling we had before I even met you. He's the responsible one at the club. He's the one who said we needed to end it."

His glare was heart-stopping. "You aren't helping your case."

"But you can't fire David because we messed around once upon a time. It's over. It's not fair. It's not fair to David." I felt very near to throwing a tantrum. I may have even stomped my foot once.

Hudson returned to the bar to refill his Scotch. "It was going to happen anyway. Regardless of what you and he..." He took a deep breath and I knew from the awful pain in his eyes that he was thinking about David and me together. They were horrible thoughts. Things I never wanted him to have to imagine. But there wasn't anything I could do. I'd certainly thought of him and Celia in the same terrible ways. It was painful and heartbreaking, but endurable.

Hudson would endure as well.

Despite his misery, I had to ask, "What do you mean by it was going to happen anyway?"

He shook his head, took a gulp of his drink and set it down. "This isn't how I wanted to tell you. It was meant to be a surprise at an appropriate time. But the truth is that I've wanted to make a management change since I bought the place."

I leaned against the sofa back, not wanting to hear anymore, unable to stop the inevitable words.

"Alayna, I want you to run the club."

"Hudson...no."

"I bought the club for you."

A shudder ran through me. "What are you talking about? You didn't know me when you bought the club."

"The symposium-"

I cut him off. "You told me you were already looking at the club. The fact that I worked there influenced you. Never did you say anything about buying it for me." In my head, I replayed everything I knew about our strange meeting. He'd seen me at the symposium, but I hadn't known that until later. He came into the bar, once. We'd flirted and he'd given me a big fat tip and a trip to his spa, behavior that in itself was psycho-aggressive. None of it warranted the purchase of a business. If that was the real reason he'd bought the club-well, then he was crazier than me.

"I didn't tell you because I didn't want to seem too forward."

"Well, too f**king late for that."

He continued with an annoying degree of impassivity. "It wasn't as insane as it sounds, Alayna. It was business. I saw you at the symposium and knew I needed you working for me. Since you weren't taking any interviews with companies, I had to buy the company you were already at. Yes, I was attracted to you. Yes, it influenced my decision to pursue your talent, but wanting you working for me was the driving force of that pursuit."

It wasn't an uncommon scenario. Smart-minded business players often made large company purchases simply to get control of a talented workforce. "Then you got what you wanted. I am working for you. I don't have to run The Sky Launch to be working for you." I ran my hands up and down my arms, trying to get warm. "I have an important role, and I don't need anything more right now."

He stepped toward me, his impassivity replaced with vehemence. "Alayna, you have so much potential!"

"Stop it! You sound like my brother. Don't decide that I'm wasting my potential. I'm building up to it at my own speed. I'm not ready to run a club, Hudson." My hands flew expressively as I spoke-pointing at him, then at myself, then flinging madly at my sides.

Hudson chortled. "You're going to have to be ready. Otherwise someone else will have to step into that role when David's gone."

"Then this isn't about me at all! It is about David. You can't fire him. You can't!"

"It's about you, Alayna. No one but you." The calm exterior he'd adopted after the Paul Kresh situation was completely abandoned now. "I told you I don't share. I won't share you. Not with him. Not with anyone. I will bend over backwards to give you everything you need and want, but this is the one thing I have to have in return. Fidelity."

"I am faithful. I've never been anything but faithful. I have no desire to cheat on you with David or anyone. I'm yours, like you said."

"Yes. You are. Mine. And I should have gotten rid of him the minute I suspected there had been anything between you."

The truth of what he was saying hit me in the gut. "In other words, you don't trust me."

"I don't trust him!"

"It doesn't matter if you trust him as long as you trust me!"

His face transformed into a bitter expression I'd never seen before. "Today I discovered you kept both your relationship with David and your recent interaction with Paul Kresh from me and you're talking about trust? Good timing, Alayna."

Ouch. But I deserved that. David, however, did not. "I told you why I didn't tell you about Paul. And this is why I didn't tell you about David. Because I was afraid you'd overreact, and wow, here you are trying to fire the best employee The Sky Launch has!"

"You're the best employee The Sky Launch has."

Under different circumstances, his faith in me would be flattering. "I beg to differ. I wouldn't be worth shit without David, and I don't want his job."

Hudson leaned forward, his eyes dark. "It's not an option. You want to work at the club, you'll work in the position that I choose."

Rage boiled through me. "Then I quit! Because I can't work for someone who's so obviously jealous and controlling. And you're seriously making me reconsider my living situation as well."

"Don't!" He stepped forward, his face in mine. "Don't throw our relationship on the line because of a good business decision."

I wanted to push him back, push him away. At the same time, I wanted to pull him in and kiss away all the jealousy and angst between us, wanted to end the awful tension. I'd threatened our relationship, but I didn't mean it. I wouldn't throw it away. I'd do whatever I had to in order to keep him mine.

But I wasn't letting my cards show yet. I didn't touch him at all. I stayed rigid as I spoke. "You aren't making this decision because it's good business. You're trying to punish me."

His eyes widened. "I'm punishing you by giving you a promotion?"

"A promotion I don't want!"

He spun away from me, as though he were too afraid of what he'd do if he stayed in such close proximity. When he'd taken a few steps, he turned back to face me. "You want me to take everything from you, but you won't take from me? How am I supposed to feel about that?"

"This isn't the same." He was twisting my words, taking something I'd said in a time of beauty and bringing it into a war zone. It hurt. Deep, in my bones. I wanted it to stop. "I don't want this, Hudson. I don't want it!"

I turned to run away. Where, I didn't know. Just away from him and the terrible situation he was putting me in.

But I'd only made it a few steps when he came after me, his arms circling around my waist from behind.

I squirmed, kicking and hitting at him. "Let go of me!"

"No. I'll never let you go." He must not have meant physically, because he did let me go. He threw me on the couch and began undoing his pants.

Immediately my sex felt on fire. The thought of him f**king me with all that rage and passion was a big turn-on. And, honestly, we probably needed the contact-to reconnect before we grew too far apart.

But I was headstrong, not willing to give in. I slipped under him to the floor, crawling toward the elevators as fast as I could.

His strong hand grabbed my ankle, drawing me back to him. I clawed at the floor, but I already knew it was hopeless. Not because he was stronger than me, but because he knew what I really wanted-that I wanted him to overpower me.

He stretched out over me, holding me to the floor, both my hands pinned above my head with one of his. He nipped at my ear. "God, you are so maddening. How can I want you so much when you drive me so insane?"

Using his whole body, he turned me underneath him and crushed his mouth to mine in a fierce kiss-a kiss that was forceful and dominating and full of so much emotion.

I resisted at first, turning my head away from him. But he was relentless and his unusual display of emotion disarmed me. My head was overruled by my body-by my heart-and I surrendered to him, giving in to his demanding mouth and the masterful hands that had already freed his rock-hard cock.

He reached down under my dress, moving the flimsy thong material out of the way to stick a long finger inside me. If he didn't understand my need before, he did now. I was wet and swollen for him.

He groaned in satisfaction.

"It doesn't mean I'm not mad." It was my last attempt to state my case before he replaced his finger with his cock.

I cried out at the exquisite bite of pleasure, the incredible feeling of fullness, almost too much yet also not enough. I needed him to move, to thrust, to ride me.

"Fine," he said, jabbing deeper into me, still not moving the way I ached for him to. "Be mad. Take it out on me. I'm planning to take out my emotions on you."

And he did. He drew himself out almost to the tip. It must have taken more control than I could imagine, his contorted expression showing the strain of the slow retreat. Then he let go, pounding into me with thick, insistent stabs. My h*ps bucked at each deep plunge in rhythm with his primal grunts. Even the sound of his loose belt buckle slapping against the floor added to the animalistic way he took me, as if it were a whip driving the beast, urging him on.

I moaned and tightened around him within minutes, surprised to feel the build of orgasm so quickly with only vaginal stimulation. It was the whole scene, the depravity of it, the utter baseness. It was wild and feral and uncontrolled. I hated that I loved it-loved it so entirely.

He wrapped his loose hand in my hair, yanking at it with just the right amount of pleasure and pain. My eyes began to close.

"Look at me," he snapped.

My eyes flew open, meeting his.

"Can't you see?" I was surprised he could speak through his exertion. "Can't you see what you do to me? Can't you see how you make me feel?"

He shifted, and I gasped as he hit a particularly tender spot. "Do you feel how hard you make me?"

I didn't know if he wanted an answer, didn't think I could speak if he did.

But he tugged again at my hair. "Do you?"

"Yes," I cried out.

He picked up his speed, reaching a frenzied pace that threw me over the edge. "You do this to me, Alayna."

I struggled to keep my eyes on him, to focus on his words through the rapturous haze that enveloped me. His words were important, and I wanted to hear what he said as much as I wanted to lose myself in the ecstasy he'd bestowed on me.

He was on the brink, too-I could read his body like it was my own-but still he kept his gaze connected to mine. "Even when you're petulant and contrary, I still want you. Always, I want you. I want to give you everything. All of me. Why can't you take it? Take it."

He delivered one more elongated thrust, burying himself deeply as he poured into me with a low groan. "Take it!"

I whimpered as his release shuddered through me, extending my own into a second wave of euphoria that sent chills down my spine. Lost in the fog of post-orgasm, my ears still thrumming with the pulse of my heartbeat, I had a brief moment of clarity-what if it wasn't Hudson that was incapable of being loved fiercely, but me?

The thought was fleeting, gone as soon as it had come. Of course, I could take his love. It was he who didn't know how to show it.

He'd rolled off me by then and was sitting with his back braced against the sofa. Only traces of the wild passion he'd displayed a moment ago were present in his features, his shortness of breath one of the only indicators that he'd ever lost control.

Suddenly I was angry. Angry with him for resorting to f**king as a way to end our disagreement like he always did. Angry that he expected it would change anything. Angry at myself for being seduced.

I propped myself up on my elbows and glared.

"Now, come on, Alayna." His eyes narrowed. "You can't tell me you didn't enjoy it."

His condescending tone irked me even more. "Sex isn't the only way to show a person how you feel."

"I know. I tried to give you a nightclub."

His words stung though I couldn't quite grasp why.

I was still figuring it out when he stood and zipped himself up. "If you want to continue fighting about this, which I'm sure you do, it will have to be later. I have work to do."

My scowl remained long after he'd left. It was almost funny that I felt so enraged. I'd thought he'd fall to pieces if he'd known I wasn't telling him things about my past with David, that I'd withheld my interaction with Paul Kresh. And if he'd gone crazy because I'd hidden things, I would have taken it. I'd kept things from him, and I deserved whatever distrust and hurt feelings that came from that.

But it hadn't been my keeping secrets that put us on opposite sides. It had been his jealousy and my refusal to take over the club. Either he'd always truly meant to give me The Sky Launch, or he was manipulating the situation with David to make me believe that. Both were possible. I'd probably never know for sure which one. Maybe he didn't know himself.

One thing was certain, I wasn't letting David get fired, whatever the reason. One day, perhaps, I'd be ready and want to take over the management of The Sky Launch, but not now. Not so soon. Not only a month after graduating with my MBA.

And I wouldn't do that to a manager as good as David. It wasn't right.

I brought myself to my feet and stretched. The discussion wasn't over, but I could put it on pause for the night if Hudson could. And I didn't intend to mope around about it. It was unhealthy and could quickly turn to obsession if I wasn't careful. Which meant I had to find something to occupy myself.

I looked at my watch and was surprised to find it was after six. Guess I was skipping group therapy since I'd already missed it. I didn't have the energy for exercise, so that was out. There was a TV in the living room, but I preferred movies to shows and I hadn't yet come across any DVDs. Hudson probably had everything on a movie drive somewhere. I wasn't about to ask where. I'd already finished The Talented Mr. Ripley.

Actually, what I should do was work on the library. Another slew of packages had arrived on Friday and the room was crammed with unopened boxes. I should have unpacked them over the weekend, but I'd been too content to lie around na**d with Hudson, doing nothing but each other. I'd put it off too long. So what if Hudson was already working in there at his desk. We were grown-ups. We could share the space.

Though the library was big, the room felt confined with the tension still lingering between us. Hudson sat at his desk, focused intently on his computer screen. It was as if he didn't even know I was in the room. But he did. Of course, he did. He could seem so single-minded, so compartmentalized, but he was always aware of me in every way, as I was always aware of him. I simply wasn't as good at hiding it as he was.

I took a deep breath and knelt at the stack of boxes furthest from him. Soon, I was wrapped up in the task of unloading and alphabetizing, enjoying the thrill of each newly discovered book title. He'd purchased so many great ones. Classics and contemporaries. Many I'd read, many I wanted to read, many I wanted to reread.

It was after I opened the box with the DVDs that I realized it. Not right away. At first, I was surprised to find the contents were movies rather than books, but I simply started on another section of the shelves and began unloading, not paying too much attention to the titles until I pulled out Midnight Cowboy-the movie Hudson and I had watched while we were in the Hamptons. He'd pulled up the list of AFI's Greatest Movies, a list I was slowly working my way through, and he'd told me to choose one I hadn't seen. I chose Midnight Cowboy.

Seeing it in the box, it hit me. I looked over the titles I'd shelved to be sure, and yep, it was true. Each and every movie was on the AFI list. And the books-I ran to look over the books, paying more attention this time. The Brothers Karamazov, Anna Karenina, Catch-22, Beloved-they were all titles from The Greatest Books list. I'd told Hudson I wanted to read them all before I died. And here he'd bought them for me. Each and every one.

I was suddenly overcome with emotion. It was a strange thing to move me, but it did. Before he'd decided to commit to me, before he'd asked me to come to his penthouse, let alone move in with him, he'd purchased a library full of books and movies tailored specifically to my interests.

He hadn't said I loved you. Maybe he never would. But was there anything this man did that didn't show me how much he did love me?

I was halfway to his desk before I'd even thought about what I was doing. He must have heard me coming, because even though he didn't look at me, he swiveled in his chair, opening toward me a bit. Maybe it had been subconscious, that he aligned himself with me as I often did with him. It was nice to think so.

I fell at his feet, placing my head on his thigh.

He shifted and I could tell that I'd surprised him.

"Make love to me," I said, my face nuzzling against his leg. "Please. Make love to me."

I held my breath as I waited for him to respond. I heard him click his mouse a few times and then set his glasses on the desk-the glasses he only wore when he read or worked on his computer because he was slightly farsighted. There were some things I knew about him.

Then he bent down and lifted me with him to a standing position in one fluid movement.

Cradling me in his arms, he carried me to the bedroom-our bedroom-not a word spoken between us. He laid me on the bed. Silently, with such tenderness, he undressed me, then himself.

He stretched over me and kissed me-every inch of me from head to toe. He lingered in new areas, cherishing my belly button and the spot behind my knee and the sensitive area at my tailbone. Every part of my skin, he lavished with attention, adoring me as he'd never adored me before, yet each touch, each caress felt familiar. Like home.

When at last he settled himself between my thighs, he entered me with slow precision. And it was with sweet, languid strokes that he took me to orgasm, not once, not twice, but three times.

He met my eyes the last time, and we maintained the contact as I rode the wave of euphoria. Then he joined me, moaning low as his cl**ax spiraled into mine, our gazes still fixed on each other. And even when my vision glazed over with fireworks, all I could see was him and love. So much love.

Chapter Seventeen

Hudson was already dressed and bustling around when I awoke the next morning. I peered at him with one eye closed then ventured a look at my watch. It wasn't even quite six yet.

He either saw me stirring or was so in tune with me that he recognized my breathing had left sleep mode. "Do you mind sharing, or do you want your own suitcase?"

I yawned, my brain still fuzzy. "Um, suitcase for what?"

"For Japan."

I wiped the sleep out of my eyes. "Japan? Why would I go to Japan?"

"Because I'm going to make that play for Plexis. And I want you to come with me."

I sat up, realizing I should be concentrating harder on the conversation. Hudson was putting his toiletries into a suitcase propped on a folding luggage rack. A travel bag for suits was already zipped up and hanging on the bedroom door. "When exactly is this happening?"

Hudson stopped packing and flashed his heart-stopping smile-the widest one he had that he used so rarely and which always got the butterflies fluttering in my tummy. He was obviously in a good mood. "The plane's set to take off late tonight. It's a long flight. Might as well sleep. Or, we could not sleep." His eyes gleamed wickedly. "It would be easier to adjust to the time difference if we stayed awake the entire flight." His gaze wandered to my na**d br**sts. "I'm sure we could think of something to occupy our time."

With a frown, I flung the sheet off my legs, rose and headed toward the bathroom. "I can't go to Japan tonight."

"Why not?"

"Because I have work," I called over my shoulder. Thinking of work, I suddenly remembered the whole evening before-Paul and David, and Hudson wanting me to run the club. Then the spectacular lovemaking. I wasn't sure where that left everything.

"So what about work?"

Where were we in our conversation? Oh, yes, Japan. "I have work. You know? That thing you do where you go someplace and make lots of money? Even those of us who don't make lots of money still do the work part. In fact, it's even more necessary for us."

"Anything you need, I can provide. I expect to provide."

I'd left the door open while I peed so I could still hear him clearly. It felt nice having that level of comfort with a guy, but I wasn't so sure about the provide thing he was talking about. "Hey, we just moved in together. Can we step back and keep this on the topic at hand?"

"Fine. But that discussion will come eventually. Sometime soon."

My stomach twisted with both panic and anticipation. Dammit, what was this man doing to me?

"You make your own schedule." His voice seemed close. I looked up to see him leaning in the doorway.

My brow knitted, still hung up on his last statement. I really needed coffee before embarking on such mind-spiraling discussions. "Because I make my own schedule doesn't mean I can leave on a moment's notice."

"Sure you can. I own the club."

"Funny how you pretend you don't until it's convenient for you to remind me."

He grinned but didn't dispute.

"And don't think we're done talking about the club management." I wiped, flushed and washed my hands, flinging droplets of water on him as I pushed past him back to the bedroom.

He followed me as I went to my closet. "I didn't think that for a minute. But right now we're talking about Japan."

"I have a meeting set up with Aaron Trent tomorrow. I can't miss that."

"Reschedule. He'll make time for you."

"That's so tacky." I pulled out a pair of plain cotton underwear. I hadn't showered yet and didn't feel like wasting a pair of nice ones. "He already thinks I rescheduled once."

"Why? I thought it had been he who canceled?"

"Long story." Hudson's eyes stayed glued to me as I pulled on a sports bra. "And you're distracting me from my point."

"I think you're the one distracting me."

"They're put away, you sex fiend. You can surely find my eyes now."

He laughed. Yes, he definitely was in a good mood. "Tell Trent something came up and reschedule." He handed me a pair of running shorts. "He'll understand. I'll make him if I have to."

"You know I want to handle him myself." I stepped into the shorts and found a tank to pair with them.

I grabbed some socks and turned to face him. He was staring at me-not my body-at my face, waiting for me to continue. I sighed. He was serious about the trip. And I was not. I gave it sincere thought for about for fifteen seconds.

The idea still seemed ludicrous. "It's not only him, Hudson. I have other things I'm working on. And I don't even have a passport."

"I already have that arranged."

"I don't even want to know how you pulled that off." I pushed past him again and headed for the bed. I sat on the edge and put on my socks.

Hudson appeared from my closet carrying my running shoes.

"Thank you." He was always so considerate, but I knew his attentiveness this morning had motive. It occurred to me that I could just give in. But I could be stubborn too.

I picked up right where I'd left off with a new excuse. "Also, my brother's coming out from Boston sometime this week. I need to get him the key to my apartment and let him harass me for some reason."

Hudson bent to put on my left shoe while I worked on the other. "I can arrange for someone to meet him, you know. It doesn't have to be you."

Now that sounded like a good plan, even if I didn't go to Japan. Even if I didn't go to Japan? Dammit, he had me considering it.

I shook my head. "You seriously have a solution for any protest I make, don't you?"

"I guarantee that I do. So why are you still protesting?"

"Because I have a life that involves more than you."

"I hate that."

I looked up from my tied shoe to see him giving me a pretty effective pout. "Don't be cute."

"I want you with me. I'll use any tactic I can to make that happen."

He held out his hand to help me up. I took it and was immediately pulled into his arms.

Yeah, that felt good. How had I gone all that time since waking without touching him? He'd become so necessary to my life, to my routine. Was it even possible to spend time away from him? And how much time were we talking about?

Always in tune with me, he spoke directly to my unvoiced thoughts, nuzzling his cheek against mine. "I may be gone for several days. I can't bear to be apart from you that long. It kills me that you think you can."

They were the kinds of words I'd always dreamed of being told. I was the clingy one. I was the get-too-fucking-attached chick. What was it about Hudson that kept my obsessiveness at bay? Did it mean I didn't feel as deeply about him as I thought I did? That I didn't truly love him?

No, I did love him. Truly. There was no doubt. It was because I felt secure about his feelings for me, god only knew why, that I was able to remain sensible.

But I also understood that look in his eyes, that yearning to be with someone who didn't necessarily reciprocate. I'd been passed up and thrown away so many times. It hurt.

Even though Hudson was only going for a short trip and not forever, I got his need and I couldn't stand the idea of making him feel that misery.

I also couldn't imagine putting everything on hold and flying off to Japan at the drop of a hat. "I don't want to be apart from you either, Hudson. I...can I think about it?" I bit my lower lip, waiting for his response, hoping he wasn't too disappointed with my maybe.

He pressed his forehead against mine. "I suppose."

Well, he took it better than I'd thought he would. "When do you need a decision?"

"Any time before the plane leaves the runway. Say, ten-ish."

"Okay. I'll think about it and let you know by this evening. Does that work?"

"It does." He stuck his hands down the back of my running shorts and pulled me closer. "You know, every time you say you need to think about something, you end up coming around to my way in the end. When are you going to learn to just say yes to begin with?"

I laughed. "Not today."

"It was worth a try."

We held each other in silence for several long seconds. He was out of sorts-in a good way-his mood playful and easy, his touch soft and tender. It seemed every emotional scene we shared was followed by a reunion that brought us closer than we had been before. Our evening before had been one of our worst. But this, like the lovemaking that followed the fighting, was oh, so close.

Thinking about it brought warmth to my chest. "Thank you for last night. It was beautiful."

"That it was." He circled my nose with his. "Very much so." It seemed he wanted to say more, but he didn't. Instead, he kissed me sweetly.

When he was finished, he pulled away reluctantly. "That's enough." He swatted my behind, as if I were the one who'd started the embrace. Then he eyed my outfit as if taking it in for the first time. "So I'm guessing you aren't going straight to the club."

I scooped my hair into a ponytail and threw a scrunchie from the nightstand around it. "I thought I'd get a run in first. A real run, outdoors. Before it gets too hot."

"Good idea." He looked in the mirror, straightening his tie. "I have an early meeting myself."

"I figured. You aren't usually dressed this early." He had yet to don his jacket and looked positively scrumptious in his fitted maroon dress shirt and skinny black tie. I may have even licked my lips.

"Trust me, precious, if I didn't have other plans, I would definitely not be dressed." He did that thing where he scanned my body with his eyes, lighting my skin on fire. "And you wouldn't need to get your exercise with a run."

"So sure you'd score, huh?"

He raised a brow. "Wouldn't I?"

"You would." He always would. He always did. Fortunately, when Hudson scored, I scored, so it was worth letting him be a winner.

Hudson grabbed his suit jacket, and we left the bedroom together. I snagged my key to the penthouse from my purse and slipped it into the cup of my bra.

His mouth curled into a half smile. "Do you hide everything there?"

I shrugged with one shoulder. "It's pretty handy if you ask me. They should build pockets into bras. I guarantee they'd sell."

"That can be our next business venture together."

I rolled my eyes. Hudson was way more ambitious than I was. Probably part of the reason he was a multi-billionaire and I was living paycheck to paycheck.

"I'm ready to go down. Are you?"

He raised an eyebrow.

"Go down to the lobby, you pervert."

"No, I need to answer a few emails first. Go on ahead." He turned toward the library then changed his mind, swiveling back to me. "Hold on."

He reached for my hand and pulled me in for another kiss, this one deeper yet still more tender than sexual. It was me who pulled away first and only because I knew if I didn't that I might drown in him. He insisted on one more peck after that.

"What?" he asked when he'd finally let me go.

"You're so...I don't know...sweet this morning. What's up with you?"

"I suppose I'm simply happy."

"I'm glad. Really glad." I pushed the button to the elevator then had a horrible thought. What if his unusual demeanor was meant to distract me from the David situation? "Hey, I meant it when I said we're not finished with the discussion about management at The Sky Launch."

"Persistent little vixen, aren't you? We'll have plenty of time to discuss it on our flight to Japan."

I scowled. "Now who's being persistent?" I stepped in the elevator. "We'll talk later. About all of it."

The door was closing when his hand stopped it. "Alayna."

I pushed the Door Open button and looked at him questioningly. He continued to lean against the elevator door, his brows knit. "Why did you...come to me last night?"

His wording was tentative, and I suspected he was tiptoeing around the words I had used. He seemed to avoid the L word with quiet precision, I noticed.

Regardless, he wanted to know what had spurred my need for him the night before. It made sense-it must have seemed odd when I'd been so mad and then so desperate for affection. "It's sort of hard to explain."

"Would you try?"

I pursed my lips, wondering if I could put into words the strange epiphany that I'd experienced. "I was unpacking. And I don't know why I hadn't noticed it before, but I realized the books you ordered-and the DVDs-that they were for me."

His brow furrowed even further. "I told you they were yours. You know I prefer to read on my Kindle."

"No, I mean, that they were the books I wanted to read. That you'd thought very specifically about what I wanted. It made me feel good. Made me feel loved. Made me feel loved by you."

"Oh." He cleared his throat, and I swear his cheeks seemed pink. "Well, yes. Good, then." He backed out of the doorway, stumbling and catching himself as he stepped.

"Wow. I had no idea I had the power to fluster you."

His smile returned though his face still appeared flushed. "Don't get used to it."

My grin remained all the way to the lobby.

***

My smile was long gone by the time I'd returned to the empty penthouse.

Instead of bringing me into a calm, meditative state, my run only jumbled up my thoughts. There was so much to sort out, so many conflicting emotions to wade through. Hudson had handled the Paul situation fairly well, and he was going to fix it for me. He deserved me to give something in return. What compromise could I make regarding David? I didn't want him gone, and I didn't want to run The Sky Launch. If I went to Japan, would that show him the extent of my love and gratitude? It would be a real sacrifice for me-I really wanted to stay in town, set up an advertising plan with Aaron Trent, and start over with another event planner.

I had come to no conclusions by the time I'd showered and dressed. Then, as Jordan dropped me off at the club a little after eight, I received a text from Brian.

"I'm headed into the city. I'll be at the Waldorf. What time can we meet?"

"What's wrong?"

I jumped at David's question. I'd known he still must be in the club-the alarm hadn't been set as I walked in-but I hadn't expected him to be standing at the top of the entry ramp.

Taking a deep breath, I tried to shake off the bulk of the weight hanging on my shoulders. "Nothing. Just overwhelmed with... stuff."

He reached to take my laptop bag from me, his expression inquisitive.

I handed him my computer, deciding what, if anything, I wanted to share with him, because obviously stuff wasn't going to cut it. Hell, maybe talking would help me put some things in perspective. "I moved out of my apartment this past weekend," I said as we made our way toward the offices. "And my brother wants to meet with me to get my key. But we're not getting along. Not since I started dating Hudson."

"Hmm." His shoulders tightened, his face contorted in...what? Jealousy?

Okay, perhaps David did like me more than I realized. He was so much easier to read than Hudson. How had I missed how deep his affection ran?

He held the door to the back hallway open for me. "So you moved in with Pierce?"

I brushed past him and led the way up the stairs. "I did." Well, better that he knew the truth. He had to come to terms with my relationship with Hudson if I had any hope of helping him keep his job. "I know. It was fast."

"That's not what I was thinking."

"What were you thinking?"

"I was thinking I should have been faster."

His words stopped me mid-step. I turned back to see if he was serious.

He was. He did look at me like Hudson did. I'd never recognized the intensity because it was completely absent of the electricity and heat that Hudson's stare always contained.

The color drained from my cheeks.

David cleared his throat. "Sorry. That was uncalled for." He brushed past me, continuing on to the office. "Anyway, congratulations. I'm happy for you."

I fell into step behind him. "I'm happy for me, too." My voice had lost its earlier enthusiasm, still shocked from David's proclamation. Maybe we couldn't work together.

I couldn't stand thinking about it. I changed the subject. "And I'm stressed. Hudson wants me to go to Japan with him tonight."

David pulled out his keys and unlocked the office door. The room was dark, the computers off-he must have been on his way out when he met me at the entrance.

"Why are you here so late, anyway?" Usually closing managers were out by six-thirty, tops.

He shrugged. "Waiting for you. And, yeah, Hudson told me about Japan."

I flicked the office light on. "What? When?" I'd only found out about Japan that morning. I didn't even want to acknowledge the first part of his statement.

"About an hour or so ago. He wanted to make sure we'd be covered without you."

Hudson had already talked to David that morning? This day was getting more interesting as it progressed. "I haven't said yes yet."

"But you will." He didn't bother to hide the ache in his voice.

I sank on the couch and rubbed at my forehead. "Is that the only reason Hudson called you?"

David sat on the front of his desk. "Actually, he didn't call. He stopped by."

"To tell you he's taking me to Japan?" Hudson had said he had an early meeting. Why hadn't he mentioned it was with David? Or was his encounter with David coincidental?

"No, to discuss some other things."

Dread dripped into my veins. "Oh, really? Like what things?" I pretended to examine my nails, going for an aloof demeanor while really I was anything but. Which was silly, because there was no way Hudson would have talked to him when he'd promised me we could still discuss it first. Besides, David wouldn't still be there if he'd been fired.

Still, I couldn't help feeling anxious for David's response.

He shrugged, and it felt as equal of a show of calm as the one I was giving. "He said he's transferring the Party Planners deal to Fierce. Something about a conflict of interest."

The knot in my stomach loosened, if only slightly. Of course. Hudson had to deal with Paul.

"He took all the copies of the contract." David eyed me, searching for my reaction. "But he said you already knew all that."

"Yeah, I did." Boy, did I.

"Sorry you lost your deal."

I sensed David was testing me, making sure Hudson wasn't jerking around with my business just because he could. It was sweet, actually.

Also, totally unnecessary. "Nah, it's fine. The more I got to know about the company, the more I realized it wasn't a good fit after all."

David's shoulders should have relaxed, if I was reading him right, but they didn't.

"And that's all you and Hudson talked about?" I studied his expression carefully. "There's more, I can tell from your face." The ball of dread returned.

David came over to the couch and sat on the arm, facing me, with one foot on a cushion. "Well, I'm not supposed to tell you this until you get back from Japan, but I don't feel good keeping a secret from you. Plus, I'm really excited and have to tell someone."

"What is it?" My voice was barely a whisper, my hands white as I wrung them in my lap.

"He offered me a promotion." His eyes twinkled, his excitement evident. "General Manager at Adora, his club in Atlantic City."

My vision went black for half a second, and I had to lean back into the couch for support. "What did you tell him?" There was no way he couldn't see me shaking, couldn't hear it in my voice.

"I said, hell yes. Adora? That place is world famous."

Or maybe he actually was oblivious to my devastation. And I was oh, so devastated. Not just because the thought of losing David was terrible, but because of what Hudson had done, when he'd specifically told me nothing had been decided yet. I wanted to throw up.

I focused on the more immediate situation at hand-convincing David to stay. "But we're only getting started here. The Sky Launch could be the next Adora. With you and me-"

"I'm sure it will be the next Adora. Bigger even, with Pierce's money and your ideas. But I'm not a guy who builds things. I'm a guy who runs things someone else has built. Adora is the biggest career move I could ever hope for." He looked down at me sheepishly. "I'm supposed to start in two weeks."

"That's so soon. And you'll have to move to Atlantic City." My throat clogged with tears.

"If I didn't know any better, I'd say you're going to miss me." His tone was hopeful.

"Of course I'll miss you, you dope." I had enough control of myself to tack on a platonic addendum. "You've been such a great manager. It was really you who inspired me to want to stay in the nightclub business."

"Really? I had no idea." He moved to sit beside me. "I'll miss you, Laynie. And not just because I have a big crush on you, but because you're a good friend."

His unabashed flirtation made sense now. He was laying everything on the line. Why not? He would be gone soon. Gone because of Hudson.

God, my head hurt. I sighed and threw a glance at David. "You don't have a big crush on me."

"You're right. I'm totally in love with you."

The wind left my lungs. I had to stand up and walk away, putting distance between us. The man I'd moved in with hadn't even told me he loved me. And he'd gone and betrayed me so deeply. What was I even doing with Hudson? Was I crazy? Should I be running away with David?

The answer was, of course, no. No matter how much David felt for me, it didn't make up for how much I felt for Hudson. Even after what he'd done.

Thank god, I didn't have to say it out loud.

"I get it," David said. "I just really needed you to know how I feel before I go."

I turned back to face him.

"And now you realize that I really have to do this. I can't stay here with you. And Adora..."

I nodded. I got it, too.

"But I'm only a phone call away. You can dial me up anytime you need anything. Like, if you have questions about The Sky Launch, or if you want to hear my voice."

I leaned against the desk, my hands gripping the edging. "Did he tell you who was taking your place?"

"He hinted. We both know it's you." He leveled his stare at me. "Come on, we knew it was coming the minute you started seeing him."

"No, I didn't know it was coming. I really didn't." My relationship with Hudson had been complicated from the beginning, surprising at every turn. Still, in my wildest dreams, I had never imagined his intention was to put the club in my hands. I would have been far less shocked if he'd wanted me stowed away in his penthouse, barefoot and pregnant. And that was a pretty shocking idea in itself.

"I'm not saying it's unwarranted. You deserve to run the club. Truly."

David's sincerity was touching. It also made me all the more pissed at Hudson. Even though David was happy about the promotion, even though it probably was for the best that he moved on elsewhere, away from me-it still wasn't right how the situation had been handled. I'd been lied to and misled.

I had to go confront him. I straightened, tugging my dress into place. "Hey, I just remembered that I need to stop and pick up the new sample menu design."

"I thought Graphic Front was emailing it."

My mind was so unsettled I couldn't get my excuses right. "They are. I mean, they did." I paused, gathering my thoughts. "I want to see it printed. Feel the weight and all that. Anyway, I'm not sure when I'll be back."

David smiled. "I'm really not the one you report to anymore."

I looked away, hiding my wince.

"Hug it out?"

This time I didn't decline. I stepped into his embrace, finding it warmer than I remembered. "Thank you, David. For everything." I buried my head in his shoulder. I wasn't going to cry-I was too mad for that-but I did feel a burst of affection.

I stepped back before he took it the wrong way, before I got swept away with the need to be comforted. "And congratulations. I'm glad things are working out for you."

I texted Jordan to pick me up. Then I grabbed my bag and pulled all my rage and heartache inside myself, holding the emotions in the pit of my stomach. Saving them for Hudson.

Chapter Eighteen

When I stepped out of the elevator at Pierce Industries, I didn't even stop to check in with Trish, Hudson's secretary, before I rushed into his office.

"Ms. Withers!" Trish followed after me.

Hudson sat behind his sleek black desk, the phone cradled between his cheek and his shoulder with his fingers perched on his keyboard. He glanced first at me then behind me at Trish. "Hold on a moment, Landon," he said into the receiver.

He pushed the hold button. "It's okay, Patricia."

I didn't wait for the click of the door to shut behind Trish as she left. "Finish your phone call and meet me in the loft." I was heading for the elevator at the back of the office. "And so you know, we're gonna fight."

The private elevator went to Hudson's loft-the bachelor pad where he and I had spent many of our first sexual encounters. I hadn't been back there since he'd invited me to the penthouse, and while I would have expected a rush of nostalgia, I felt nothing but betrayal and rage.

In the loft, I only had time to throw my bag on the couch before the elevator returned with Hudson. He stepped into the loft, located me pacing, and took a seat in an armchair, his attention completely focused on me.

I'd composed a hundred different things to say to him on the way to his office, but now that I was in front of him, my anger had me tongue-tied.

But Hudson was as calm and cool as ever. "He wasn't supposed to tell you until we got back from Japan."

He. Hudson wouldn't even say David's name. At least he wasn't pretending he didn't know what I was pissed about.

It didn't make me any calmer. "Lucky for me, he's a good friend. Also, I never agreed to go to Japan."

"Touche."

"What the f**k, Hudson?" My emotions were boiling inside of me, threatening to explode.

He crossed one leg over the other, resting his ankle on his knee. "I offered David an opportunity, and he took it."

"You agreed we could discuss it further."

"I agreed we could discuss the future management of The Sky Launch further, and we certainly will."

He was so even, so in control-it only fueled my rage. "This was part of that!"

"You should have been more specific." He didn't even blink.

God, I wanted to throw something-anything. Instead I threw my words at him. "You knew what I meant. You knew how I felt and you went ahead and ignored everything I said. I thought you cared about me, but you obviously don't, because that's not how you treat someone that you're in a relationship with."

He put his leg on the floor and leaned forward, finally animated. "Yes, I did know how you felt. And you knew how I felt. You wanted me not to fire him, I wanted him gone. Offering him a job elsewhere-a promotion, mind you at my biggest club in the country-was, I thought, a pretty damn good compromise."

There was logic to his words, and his offer had certainly made David happy. But that didn't change that Hudson had made the offer without my knowledge, behind my back. "Compromises are supposed to involve both parties. You alone can't arbitrarily decide what the compromise is."

"I didn't, really." He leaned back again, resuming his composed exterior. "David did when he accepted the job. I had no idea that he'd agree when I asked him, and if he hadn't, then I would have come back to you to find a suitable solution to our problem."

"You should have talked to me before you even offered the job to him!"

"I took the opportunity when I saw it. You weren't around to confer with."

"Don't even pretend you didn't go to David today with every intention of making him that offer." Hudson's giddy mood that morning, his need to understand my change of heart the night before-he was feeling out the situation. I could see it clearly now. "I can't believe you don't see why this isn't okay!"

I was yelling. I wished I wasn't, wished I could be as controlled as he was. It definitely had a chilling effect. But that wasn't me, I was emotional and riled up and all the turmoil I had inside was spewing all over the loft.

Hudson stood and stepped toward me, one brow raised. "Are you upset because you assume I want you to take David's place?"

It was part of it, yes, but so much more than that. I turned my back to him, not knowing how to answer.

"I do want you to, of course, and I have full confidence that you would do an excellent job. But if you are unwilling, then I hope you will be instrumental in deciding who will take his place instead." His hand settled on the nape of my neck.

I spun toward him, hitting his hand away. "Dammit, Hudson. I don't want anyone to take his place. I want to work with David. David Lindt, that's all."

"You're defending him with the passion of a lover, Alayna. You're making it hard for me to believe there really is nothing between you."

This new insult was the lowest. It stung so badly I went numb, no longer able to feel anything but cold, cold, cold.

"This is so manipulative, Hudson." My voice was strained, but low and quiet. "Everything you've done and said to me today is a total mind game. I thought you were done with that. I don't even know how to react. Which is probably exactly what you were going for, so guess what-mission f**king accomplished."

He advanced toward me. "It is not fair for you to throw my past behaviors in my face every time you disagree with my actions. I am in no way trying to manipulate you to do or feel anything. I'm merely staying committed to my plan-to you, Alayna. Everything I've done has been to protect our relationship and our future. That is all."

"Really? Because right now the future of our relationship feels pretty vulnerable, if you ask me." It was downright cold-as cold as I felt at the moment, but even seeing his face fall as if I'd struck him, I didn't wish I could take it back. I only wished it not to be true.

He reached for me again, but I sidestepped him, putting my hands out in front of me as a barrier. "Don't even come near me. You try to solve all our problems with sex, and this time is not going to be one of them."

He ran his hands through his hair. "I do not try to solve our problems with sex. I simply recognize that when we're fighting, the physical connection puts us back in tune with each other."

"You mean it makes me easier to manage." He opened his mouth-to protest, most likely-but I spoke on before he could say anything. "I can't deal with this right now. I have to go."

I nabbed my bag off the sofa and headed to the main door. He tried to catch me as I walked past him, but I slipped from his grasp.

He didn't try again. "Alayna, do not leave things like this."

"Right now the last thing I want to hear is you telling me what to do."

"Alayna, please-" The ache, the pleading in his voice-it wrecked me.

But I needed time.

I paused, my hand on the doorknob, not looking at him. If I looked at him, I was afraid I'd fall into his arms. I needed to be in a place where I could think clearly. And his arms was not that place. "I'll be at the penthouse later. That's all I can give you. Right now, I need some space."

The ball in his throat was so tight, I heard him swallow. "Fair enough."

Then I was gone.

***

I knew before the elevator doors closed that I wanted to talk to Celia. I'd been blindsided, Hudson's behavior baffling me so completely, twisting me in knots. I didn't have the experience with him to sort it out. I desperately needed insight.

She didn't answer on her first ring so I did the hang-up and return call thing several times. In the midst of my fourth redial, my phone buzzed.

"Did you get my text? I'll be at the Waldorf this afternoon. Need to see you."

Goddamn Brian. I hadn't responded to his earlier message. How fitting was it that I had to deal with him today of all days?

"Text me when you're in. I'll come by."

I pushed Send then tried Celia again. This time she answered right away. "Hey, it's Laynie. Are you busy?"

"Uh, sort of. What's up?"

"I, um, need to talk." My voice cracked.

"Oh, no! What's wrong? You sound like you've been crying."

I hadn't been crying-I was crying. "I'd rather talk in person. Are you free to meet up?"

The elevator doors opened in the lobby of Pierce Industries. Dammit. Now I was surrounded by people. I hid my hair over my face, wishing I had my sunglasses, and hurried to the main doors.

"I could do later. Like, this afternoon. Would that work?"

"I don't know." I couldn't comprehend the next fifteen minutes, let alone hours ahead of now. "Let me think. I have to see my brother. Sometime this afternoon. Even though I don't want to. I don't know." I was repeating myself, my mind a fog.

I stepped out onto the street and walked until the glass doors turned into wall. I slumped against the brick. "I'm not really able to make any decisions right now."

"Okay, I get it. You're upset." Celia seemed distracted as she spoke. "You said your brother's in town? Brian? Is he staying with you at the penthouse?"

"God, no. The Waldorf. It's Brian's favorite place in the world."

"I'm doing a design install in the foyer at Fit Nation on Fifty-First. There's a coffee shop next door. How about we meet there around two? You'll be close to the Waldorf, as well."

Even though it was hours away, I felt better. Not great, but better. "Perfect. Thank you, Celia."

"Anytime."

I glanced at the digital clock before pocketing my phone. It was a little after nine. It felt like I'd packed a whole day into a short morning. Whatever I would do for the next few hours was beyond me.

"Ms. Withers?"

I looked up to find Jordan standing at the curb with the Maybach.

"Mr. Pierce suggested I drive you somewhere. To the penthouse or the club, perhaps?"

That was Hudson. Always looking out for me, even when I wanted nothing of the sort. It was actually a relief to have Jordan there. I'd been so muddled that I hadn't thought to text him for a ride.

With a reluctant gratefulness, I climbed into the back seat. "I don't want to be at the penthouse. The club, I suppose."

I spent the rest of the morning shuffling papers around in the office and staring at the blinking cursor on my laptop. I couldn't seem to get my mind to concentrate on anything. In the past when I felt stressed and unsettled, I resorted to old habits, fell into obsessive behaviors. Those patterns calmed and relaxed me with their compulsive nature. But instead of feeling the need to act, I felt the need to shut down-curl up in a ball and sleep until I felt nothing.

Fuck, I was screwed up. Still. I'd felt cured with Hudson, but I still didn't know how to handle emotions. I didn't know what normal people did when they hurt. I regretted missing my group session the day before. I needed it now.

Or at least I needed Lauren-my favorite group leader.

In the evenings, Lauren volunteered to lead Addicts Anonymous and some other groups at a Unitarian church nearby. I'd attended faithfully for years, only recently slipping into a part-time goer. But I hadn't found Lauren at Addicts Anonymous. I'd originally met her at Stanton Addiction Center, a rehab facility where she worked as a counselor during the day. I'd been a patient for a short time after I'd violated my restraining order with Paul. Brian, decent lawyer that he was, had been able to negotiate that instead of jail time.

It was a quarter to noon. If I hurried, I could probably catch her on her lunch break.

I texted Jordan and within twenty minutes I'd made it to the center.

I checked in at the front desk and got a pass to the staff wing. After finding Lauren's office dark, I went to the lunchroom for employees and spotted her with a group of orderlies laughing around the pop vending machine.

"Hey, girl." She stepped away from her friends when she saw me to give me a hug. "I was disappointed when I didn't see you yesterday at group."

I smiled tensely, eager to get her alone. "Sorry about that. Stuff came up."

"The fact that you sought me out here leads me to believe that it wasn't good stuff."

"Some of it was. Very good stuff. And some of it definitely not good stuff." I glanced toward an empty table in the back of the room. "Do you have time to talk?"

She held up the brown paper bag she'd been clutching. "As long as you don't mind me chowing down while you do."

"Chow away."

I didn't talk until we were seated at the table. Then, I filled Lauren in on the highlights of the past week-the shift in my relationship with Hudson, moving into the penthouse, seeing Paul again, the secrets I'd kept, and finally, what Hudson had done regarding David. I was quick about it, knowing that Lauren's lunch was only an hour. When I was done, I felt worn out, like I'd been throwing up for the last thirty-five minutes.

Lauren took a napkin and wiped her mouth, her lunch long finished now. "Well, that's quite a week of events. What have you learned by saying all of that out loud?"

This was one of her favorite therapy techniques-turning a venting session into an opportunity for self-examination. "I don't know." I was out of practice at this. I took a deep breath and thought a moment. "I see my culpability in Hudson's betrayal. I kept secrets from him first." It was difficult to admit, but crucial. How could I expect him to think that being honest and upfront was a must for me? I certainly hadn't demonstrated the same to him.

"Very good. What else?"

God, wasn't that one enough? I searched for more. "I've realized I don't know how to handle my feelings. I used to cling and obsess when I felt off. What am I supposed to do instead?"

"Exactly what you're doing. You deal with them constructively." Lauren sat forward, her hands clasped on the table in front of her. "Listen, honey, being healthy doesn't mean you don't feel things anymore. You will always feel things-good and bad, depending on the day, depending on the minute. That's called life. Being healthy is talking your emotions out, writing them down, realizing that you don't have to do anything to change them. Sometimes you just have to ride them out."

"Well, that sucks."

"Doesn't it?" She sat back in her chair. "There's something else I want to point out that I don't know if you're seeing."

Lauren usually avoided highlighting issues that her clients hadn't stumbled onto themselves. She believed that if someone couldn't yet see the forest, then they weren't ready to deal with it. If she was pointing it out to me, it had to be vital. I wrung my hands in my lap. "What's that?"

"Hudson-I don't know him personally, but his behavior sounds familiar."

For a minute I wondered if she'd encountered him at some point in therapy of his own. I knew barely anything about his treatment programs. I guessed it was possible.

But then I realized what Lauren was getting at. I felt the blood rush from my face. "You mean, he sounds like me. Like me in the past."

"Jealous, manipulative, deceitful." She ticked them off on her fingers, one horrible adjective per digit.

Hearing the words on her lips made my gut clench. "He's really not like that. You're making him sound worse than he is." Reducing Hudson to such vile behavior was wrong. He was so much more.

"I'm not making him sound like anything. Those are attributes you used to use to describe yourself in therapy." Lauren cocked her head. "Why do you think you were that way?"

A wave of memories cloaked me, things I'd rather not remember about myself, emotions I'd felt, motives for my behaviors. I always hated wading through the remembering to get to the learning. It made me nauseous and light-headed.

I closed my eyes to ground myself. "Because I felt unloved. Because I was desperate to get the guy I wanted. Because I didn't think there was any other way to get noticed."

"Do you think those might be the same reasons Hudson's done what he's done?"

I opened my eyes. His words from earlier replayed in my head. I'm merely staying committed to my plan-to you, Alayna. Everything I've done has been to protect our relationship and our future.

I had no doubt that he'd meant it. That he honestly believed he was doing what was best for us. It wasn't the right action, but his intent was decent. Moving, in fact. Was that a good enough excuse for what he'd done?

Lauren read my thoughts. "Look, I'm not validating his behavior. Or yours. It sounds like you both have a lot of work to do before you know how to function together. I'm simply giving you some perspective. It seems you've been able to connect with each other because you both come from similar places. Maybe you should use that experience to understand where he's coming from. It's a start, anyway."

My lips drew into a frown. "So what-do I just forgive him?"

"No. You could walk away." She said it so easily, as if the task would be no big deal.

Leaving Hudson-I couldn't even entertain the idea. It would destroy me.

Lauren studied me. "You probably should walk away. But I'm sensing that's not in your plans."

"No, I don't want to leave him. And it kills me that right now he probably thinks I'm doing exactly that."

She smiled. "Then there's going to have to be forgiveness. It doesn't have to be unconditional, though. Tell him you understand him. Thank him for his good intentions. Then explain to him what will happen if he does anything like that again."

"That doesn't sound too horrible." Actually, it sounded like heaven compared to losing him altogether.

"Understand, though, that you'll have to be able to back up anything you say. If you say you'll leave him if he does it again, then you need to leave him."

"I don't want to think about that."

She winked at me. "I'm sure you don't. Also, he could put conditions on you. If he finds out you're keeping more secrets, for example. He could walk."

"Guess I better come clean on everything to him before any conditions are delivered." I had to tell him I'd been meeting with Celia behind his back. Honestly, it was the lightest of the secrets I had carried and I had little doubt that he'd forgive me for it. Still, the air needed to be cleared completely.

Lauren's brows rose. "You have more you aren't telling him?"

"I know, I know. Don't look at me like that." I rolled my eyes, knowing how bad my situation looked. "You think we're both fifty shades of f**ked up, don't you?"

"Nah, not that bad. Maybe twenty-five shades."

I laughed, and she joined me. Damn, that felt good-to laugh and relax. I needed to find a way to do it more often.

Lauren stood, and I knew it was time to part. I hugged her and thanked her and promised her I'd be at group the following Monday. Then I left.

After talking to Lauren, I no longer felt the need to see Celia. I tried to call her to cancel, but even after several attempts, she didn't answer. That was fine. I'd use our coffee date to tell her that I was going to come clean to Hudson. I might as well give her a heads up.

I got to the coffee shop ten minutes early, but half an hour later, Celia hadn't shown up. I called her several times, texted her, but got no response. I waited another thirty minutes then decided to pop my head in at Fit Nation. She'd said she was working there-maybe she'd gotten caught up.

Inside, I headed straight to the welcome desk. "Hi, I'm looking for Celia Werner. She's supposed to be doing some design work here. Have you seen her?"

The man who greeted me was about my age and built like a weight lifter. "I know Celia." His eyes brightened as if he had a bit of a crush. Hell, she was a knockout. Probably all men reacted that way to her. "She hasn't been by at all today, though."

"Are you sure?" She'd specifically told me she'd be working there that day.

"Positive."

"Huh." A chill ran through me. Considering how little I really knew Celia, I didn't have any reason to jump to worrisome conclusions. Maybe she did this often-flaked out on her jobs and her appointments. Maybe something had come up. I didn't know anything about her personal life. But something about the situation was unsettling. Something I couldn't quite put my finger on.

I left my number at the desk in case she stopped by later. Then I shook off thoughts of Celia and prepared myself for cleaning up my shit storm.

When Jordan picked me up, this time I was ready. "Take me to The Bowery." It was almost three. I could send someone to take my key to Brian whenever he texted. I'd have plenty of time to pack my bags for Japan and gather my thoughts before Hudson came home. Then we'd talk, heart-to-heart, everything on the line. If he said the wrong things, I could still back out of the trip. But he needed to know that I was committed to our relationship too. He needed to know I was all in.

Except when I got there, the penthouse wasn't empty like I'd expected. Heated conversation hit my ears the minute I stepped into the vestibule. My stomach twisted as I recognized who the voices belonged to-Hudson. And Celia.

Chapter Nineteen

I found them in the living room, standing so close to each other they would only have to lean in a little to kiss. I could only see Hudson's face clearly from my angle, and he didn't look about to make-out-he looked about to strangle.

A fireball mixed of jealousy, hurt and confusion sparked through my body. And betrayal. We'd vowed to not see Celia without one another. I'd betrayed him too in that department. Served me right to get a taste of what that felt like. It felt like shit.

"Why would Celia make it up?"

I'd been too wrapped up in the scene in front of me to realize Celia and Hudson weren't alone. The voice that pulled my attention belonged to Sophia. Sitting next to her on the couch was Brian-shit! My And Jack was at the window, his back to the room.

What. The. Fuck.

"Because that's what she does." Jack turned from the window. "Ah, and many of these questions can now be settled because the subject at hand has arrived."

All eyes in the room turned toward me.

I addressed my question to Hudson alone. "What's going on?"

"Alayna-" His voice was as tense as his body, but a flicker of light passed through his eyes at seeing me.

Celia stepped in my sight line, her expression hard. "I've told them. They know."

"Celia, stop it," Jack said.

"Know what?" The hairs on my arms stood on end, the electricity in the air prickling all around us.

No one answered.

Jack looked around incredulously. "Are you going to tell her, Celia? It's only fair for her to hear it from the horse's mouth."

Sophia's jaw dropped. "Are you calling Celia a horse?"

"Dammit, Laynie. I knew this was going to happen. I knew it." Brian stood and began pacing.

"Shut up, Brian." I took a step into the room. "What is going on?"

Celia exchanged glances with Sophia. "You need help, Laynie." Celia took Sophia's outstretched hand for support. "I want you to know, I'm not mad at you and I don't blame you for anything-"

"What the f**k are you talking about?" While I still did not understand the situation, there was one thing that was suddenly clear-this was an intervention. An intervention for me.

"Fine." Jack crossed the room to me. "Since you aren't going to explain, then I'll do it. Laynie, you know I love seeing you. I'm sorry it's under these ludicrous circumstances." He put his hands on my upper arms and even across the room, I felt Hudson bristle.

"Celia showed up at our house this morning throwing a hissy fit with these outrageous claims about you. Then she called Hudson and your brother here," Jack paused to glance toward Brian, "and arranged for this whole extravaganza. Good thing I was around so I could come along and try to pound some sense into these people who are listening to her." At the end of his speech he turned to the others, his voice and body animated.

"What is she saying about me?" In my bones I knew the answer without hearing it, but I held my breath, hoping to hell that I was wrong.

"That you've been harassing her."

My knees buckled and Jack helped me into the armchair. "Oh my god." My mouth tasted sour as I swallowed down bile. "Oh my god."

Celia held up her cell phone. "I have the proof. She's called several times and hung up. It's on my call log."

Click. Now it made sense-the reason she'd told me to call repeatedly, why she'd played with my phone at A Voce. She'd wanted the phone record. She'd played me. My head throbbed with the realization.

"Laynie?"

I looked to Brian, who had his arms crossed, waiting for an explanation.

Oh, how many times had I seen that look on my brother's face? How many times did I promise that I would never hurt him like that again? Though I'd kept my vow, here he was with that same expression. It was unbearable.

I swallowed past the lump in my throat. "I did. But only because she told me to call her over and over."

"That's ridiculous," Celia scoffed. "Why would I ask her to do that?"

"She said her phone wasn't working." It sounded ridiculous even to my own ears. "She said that if I wanted to get a hold of her I should keep calling until she answered."

Celia didn't let anyone have a chance to acknowledge my excuse. "She also followed me around town, to jobs I've been working. I've been working at Fit Nation and my bodyguard saw her at the coffee shop there today, alone, for nearly an hour. And when I called to check in, she'd left a message for me."

"She set me up." I said it to myself more than anyone else. "Stupid, stupid, stupid." Mira had warned me about her. And Stacy from the boutique. Even Hudson had said I shouldn't hang around with Celia. I hadn't listened. So stupid.

"And the staff at A Voce can confirm that Alayna just walked up and joined me when I was about to have lunch the other day."

"What, did you pay them off?" I spit the words out.

"I didn't have to. It's the truth."

Our lunch that day had been uneventful. If she hadn't paid them, then she'd probably told the hostess she was dining alone. Then when I showed up, it looked like I was invading her lunch. And I'd left before her-she could have cornered the waitress and complained about me, setting the scene for them another way.

Jack perched on the arm of my chair. "And what did you do, Celia? Did you notify security?"

"I didn't want to be rude." Her blue eyes sparkled. She was enjoying this game of hers. Was this whole thing a ploy to get Hudson by getting rid of me? Or was it revenge for the con he'd pulled on her years ago?

Or-the worst thought of all-had she learned manipulation from him? Had they played these games together?

I looked to Hudson. He'd said nothing since he called my name when I first arrived, his face steel, no emotion showing. I couldn't tell whose side he was on. And that worried me-he should be on my side, shouldn't he? Automatically?

"It's bullshit." I spoke to Hudson alone, not caring who else believed me. "She's lying. We were having lunch together. She invited me."

"She also harassed me in the restroom," Celia said. "On your birthday, Sophia."

"I did not!"

Celia put a hand on Hudson's arm. "I told you that night, remember?"

"I don't need a reminder." He pulled his arm away from Celia's grasp and my heart buoyed with the small victory.

She pretended his rejection didn't faze her, turning to Sophia, her ally. "He refused to believe me then too."

"He's blinded by the sex," Sophia said. "It's not real."

I ignored Sophia. "She told you I harassed her?" I tried to meet Hudson's eyes, but he kept them fixed on the floor.

I thought back to the night of Sophia's birthday, how Celia had been talking to Hudson when I left the bathroom. He'd been withdrawn afterward. Was this the reason why? Because she'd accused me of harassment? "Why didn't you say anything to me, Hudson?"

He didn't answer, but I could think of a reason he hadn't told me-because I hadn't said anything to him. God, the secrets we'd kept. Now they could undo us.

My stomach flipped as if I was going to throw up. "She approached me in the bathroom. I went in first, remember? And there was no harassing." I snapped my fingers, suddenly remembering I had proof of the real conversation we'd had. "Mira was in a stall at the time! She'll back me up."

Celia's face faltered for only half a second. "Mira's always hated me. She'd lie to get me out of the picture."

Jack chortled. "God, Celia, now you're dragging Mira into this? How low will you go?"

Sophia scowled at her husband. "Stop attacking the victim."

"Oh, Celia is anything but a victim." Jack's tone held a wealth of subtext. He obviously had his own issues with the Werner girl. On another occasion, I'd be itching to know what that was about.

Celia sighed-the kind of sigh that was for nothing but attention. "Please, don't think of me as a victim, Sophia. I'm not complaining. I'm really not. I'm just...scared." She wrung her hands in front of her. "I suppose it's my fault. I stopped by the club one day-I was in the neighborhood and thought I'd be friendly. She asked me to coffee. I went, but I regret it now. That seems to have been the trigger point. She begged me not to tell you we'd met up." She turned again to Hudson. "I should have told you immediately. I'm sorry."

My only consolation at the moment was that Hudson refused to meet her eyes as well.

"This is ridiculous. You're the one who suggested I didn't tell Hudson." Why was I even giving Celia the satisfaction of addressing her? "She's twisting everything!"

Hudson stepped away, looking out across the room toward the windows.

Celia followed after him, putting a hand on his shoulder. Again he flinched away.

She straightened her spine. "I don't know if you know this, Hudson, but when I talked to her that day, she was obsessing over some guy from the past-Paul something or other. She was trying to set up a deal with his company so she could be close to him."

Rage spread through me like wildfire. "You f**king bitch."

Jack put his hand over mine, trying to calm me.

Celia stepped closer to Hudson. "I'm only here because I'm worried Laynie won't get the help she needs. You have to help her, Huds."

All I could see was red. "The only help I need is a cleanup crew for after I destroy your pretty face." I lurched from my chair. Immediately Jack and Brian were at my sides, holding me back.

"Laynie!" Brian admonished.

Jack was more soothing. "Stay calm. Getting violent isn't going to fix anything, even though it might feel good."

"Do you hear her, Hudson?" Sophia stood and faced her son's back. "She threatened Celia. In front of everyone."

"Mother, stay out of this."

I held on to Hudson's words like a lifeline.

"Hudson, you have to get rid of her. She's dangerous. Celia tells me she has a record. Why on earth would you let her into your life when you knew these things about her?"

"Shut up, Mother." Hudson spun, brushing past both women. He stopped in the center of the room, finally looking at me.

I clung to his eyes with mine, trying to get my balance as the world tilted around me. I couldn't read everything in his expression, but I could see definitively the one thing he'd told me so many times-I'm with you.

Sophia's voice sounded muffled and far away as I remained in the safety of Hudson's gaze. "It makes sense why she'd be obsessed with Celia. She knows you belong together, Hudson, and she's jealous. Celia was pregnant with your baby. She can't compete with that, no matter-"

Jack let go of my arm. "Aw, shut the f**k up, Sophia. It wasn't even Hudson's baby. It was mine, you ignorant bitch."

Then my connection with Hudson was lost as all hell broke loose.

Celia's skin went ashen.

Hudson's face blazed with anger. "Goddammit, Jack."

If I hadn't been so dizzy from the accusations that had occurred before, then I would have been more of a participant in the scene. Instead, I was frozen, watching in horror as the secret unfolded at lightning speed.

"It's my business to tell," Jack said, "and I'm tired of this lingering lie."

"It wasn't a lie we told for you," Hudson said.

"I never thought it was. It was to protect Celia's ass. And I'm sure some of it was you protecting your mother's feelings. Heaven knows why you care about how she feels when she obviously cares nothing for how you feel."

"I don't understand." Sophia sank into the sofa.

It was Celia's turn to be comforter. She sat next to Hudson's mother. "Sophia, I'm so sorry. It was a mistake. I was drunk. It was a long time ago."

Jack laughed. "You weren't that drunk. And I know what you're all thinking, but she seduced me, not the other way around."

"Your baby wasn't Hudson's?" Sophia didn't want to believe it. I could hear it in her tone.

Celia continued to plead for forgiveness.

Jack headed to the bar and began making a drink as he spoke to no one in particular. "Hudson stepped up because he knew her father would freak about the age difference, though Warren's had some pretty young little mistresses himself. Granted, it's different when it's your daughter. Anyway, Hudson said he felt responsible for some reason or another. Never could figure that one out."

He turned to face the room, glass in one hand, decanter in the other. "But I'll tell you what, and I can't prove any of this, but I'd bet my life that the whole thing was a set-up. She knew Hudson would claim that baby. That's the only reason she came knocking on my door to begin with. To trap him."

"That's low, Jack," Celia seethed.

"You're one to talk." I said it under my breath, not wanting to draw attention to myself.

She caught my words anyway. "Let's not forget why we're here. Not to discuss the past but to discuss Laynie's future."

"I think that topic is on hold for the moment." Jack brought the glass of amber liquid to his wife.

Sophia took it from him, her hand shaking. "You and...Celia?"

"Don't act so surprised. We haven't been faithful to each other for years."

Sophia took a long swallow of her drink. Then she stood and threw the rest of it in Jack's face. "You coldhearted ass**le. I've always been faithful."

Jack wiped bourbon from his eyes. "One word for you sweetheart-Chandler."

"Chandler is yours. I don't know why he doesn't look like you. I'll get a blood test to prove it if you want me to. And despite the myriad of affairs you've had over the years, I would never have thought you'd stoop so low to sleep with your son's girlfriend."

"She was never my girlfriend!" Hudson said at the same time his father said, "She was never his girlfriend!"

The scene had moved from shocking to uncomfortable.

Brian sidled up next to me. "Wow. This family is f**ked up."

It was strangely comical, those words coming from my brother's lips. Our own family with our alcoholic father and distant mother and me-the sister with a mental disorder-had always seemed the definition of f**ked up. The Pierces, though, made us look like the Brady Bunch.

I gave Brian a wry smile. "Tell me about it."

Totally f**ked up. And why I was still there was beyond me.

So I left.

My hands shook the entire ride down the elevator. I didn't know where I was going, only that I had to go. Hudson and I could work things out later when it was only the two of us. There was so much to sort through, but I knew in my heart of hearts that we were okay, that we were as connected as our eyes had been when we stood in the living room with chaos surrounding us.

I paused in the middle of the lobby, wondering if I should call Jordan for a ride. But where would I even go?

"Alayna!" Hudson called after me. He must have taken the other elevator down.

He'd noticed I was gone. It warmed some of the chill that had settled over me.

"Why did you leave?" he asked when he reached me.

"Isn't it obvious? That was a madhouse and I didn't want to be there anymore."

"Yes, that it was."

"I, um..." There was so much to say, but only one thing important to me-to us. "Why didn't you defend me up there? Are you that mad about the David situation? It's me supposed to be mad at you, remember?"

He met me with silence.

"Wait-" The truth burned into me with sickening certainty. "You believe her."

His jaw twitched.

"Hudson?"

I'd thought-when our eyes had met, when we'd connected-I'd thought it had meant he was on my side. I'd been wrong. And it was like a knife to the gut.

Hudson put his hands on my arms, echoing the way his father had grasped me not fifteen minutes before. His touch felt...wrong. Cold where it was usually warm.

"I believe in you." His voice was soft. "And whatever you need, I want to give it to you. If you need help-"

"Oh, my god, I can't believe this." I backed out of his grip. "I can't f**king believe this."

Hudson clenched and unclenched his fists. "Tell me that you didn't do it. Tell me you didn't call her. Tell me you didn't see her."

But I couldn't say that. I had called her. I had seen her. Even when I promised I wouldn't. It was only my motive that was debatable and I couldn't prove it.

I shook my head. "It's not how it looks, Hudson. I didn't stalk her or harass her or whatever she's claiming." I could go into details, explain everything. But it came down to the simple fact that either he believed me or he didn't. "Are you on her side or mine?"

"I'm on your side. Always, your side."

"Then you believe me?"

He stuck his hands in the pockets of his suit pants. "Did you call her?"

"Yes! I said I did upstairs!" I didn't care that I was loud, didn't care that the doorman was watching us. I pulled my phone from my bra and held it out toward him. "Here, you want to see? Take it! You'll see all the times I called her since that's what you seem to be concerned with."

He ignored my outstretched hand. "I don't want proof. I want to help you."

"I don't f**king need any help!" I threw my phone across the lobby floor. It shattered against the wall.

For three seconds, I stared at the mess. It occurred to me that was happening inside me. My heart was shattering into a dozen pieces. So much for being able to let go of my past. It would always come back to haunt me.

I turned and ran-ran across the lobby and out the front door.

Hudson was right behind me. "Alayna, come back here."

I kept running but I was no match for him, especially when I was wearing heels. He reached me before I'd passed the edge of the building, grabbing me at my wrist. "I'll cancel my trip. We'll find the best treatment-"

"I'm not sick." I yanked my arm from his hold. "Go to Japan, Hudson. I don't want to see you."

"I'm not going to Japan now." He was smooth, in control. Like always.

I began walking away. "Go to Japan," I called over my shoulder. "I don't want to see you for a while, if not ever. Got it? If you're at the penthouse when I get home, I'll find somewhere else to sleep and I don't mean for just one night."

He didn't follow me. I couldn't decide if that made things better or worse.

Better, probably. Because every part of me was in deep pain. And that kind of ache can only be suffered alone.

***

I rode the subway for a long time. I was lucky to get a seat before the rush hour crowd hit, and I stayed planted there on the E line all the way down to the World Trade Center. After a while, I switched to the A line and eventually ended up at Columbus Circle out of habit. I didn't go to The Sky Launch though. I wandered over to the Walter Reade Theater at Lincoln Center and caught a foreign film. When it was over, I snuck into the next showing. Still, after having viewed it twice, I had no idea what I'd seen. My head-and heart-were too muddled for the subtitles.

I didn't get back to The Bowery until after midnight. With my phone broken, I was out of touch. There was no way of knowing what I'd find there. Part of me hoped Hudson ignored me, that he'd be there waiting for me. But then I remembered what Lauren said about being willing to stand behind my conditions. If he was there, I'd have to leave, and as twisted and broken as I feared our relationship was, I wasn't able to do that.

The penthouse was dark, the place quiet except for the sound of the grandfather clock. It felt so much like the first time I'd come in there in the middle of the night, except then things were new and the trepidation I had was fused with excitement. Now, I felt numb and empty. I knew without looking around that Hudson wasn't there.

I made it halfway down the hall to the master bedroom when a light flipped on in the guest room.

"Laynie, is that you?"

It took several seconds to recover from the minor heart attack Brian had given me. "Yeah, it's me."

My brother came to the guest bedroom doorway wearing a white t-shirt and striped pajama bottoms. "Awesome. Are you okay?"

That was the question of the year. "I guess so." I slumped against the wall and tilted my head. "What are you doing here?"

"Hudson said he had to go on some business trip, but he didn't want to leave you alone. So he had some guy pick up my stuff from the Waldorf and moved me in." He leaned his shoulder on the doorframe. "I hope you don't mind that I'm here."

"I'm actually kind of glad." The words were out of my mouth before I realized I meant them. Having someone else around helped lessen the emptiness. And it warmed me that it had been Hudson who'd arranged it. Even with everything that had gone down I was still on his radar.

Brian crossed his arms over his chest. "Personally, I think he should have canceled his trip."

"He probably should have. But I told him not to." I slid down to the floor, too exhausted to stand anymore, but needing to get more information from my brother. "Anything interesting happen after I left?"

Brian moved out of the doorway and sat down on the floor across from me. "Not really. More of the same. Accusations and liquor. You know, a typical family party."

He said it all tongue-in-cheek, but that was exactly what our family parties had been like growing up. At least, the liquor part. There was always lots of liquor.

"Hudson's mother's an alcoholic." I wasn't sure Brian had figured that out.

"Yeah, I picked up on that. She has that weird yellow skin thing that Dad had. And she was shaky when I first met her. Does she acknowledge it?"

"No. No one does. She's a different drunk than Dad was, though." Our dad had been a happy drunk. He'd talk too loud and laugh a lot. When we'd been little, we'd thought it was fun. It took growing older to realize what his antics did to our mother.

"How so?"

"She's mean. Hateful. Vindictive. Bitter." I paused. "Did I say mean?" I rubbed my hand over my eyes. "God, this baby thing is probably killing her."

"Right? What a way to find out your husband cheated on you."

"Not even because of that. Jack's infidelity is old news. That he was with Celia is a surprise. I thought he had better taste than that." Maybe that was why Hudson hated it when his father touched me. He was afraid Jack was after me, too. If Hudson had only told me the truth about Celia and his father, I could have tried harder to...

I let the thought die. It was no good thinking about the things Hudson hid from me. It only led back to the things I'd hidden from him. If we'd both been honest from the beginning, maybe we wouldn't be in the mess we were in now.

"Anyway, I meant because Sophia was so set on that pregnancy being evidence of why Celia and Hudson should be together. Like, she brings it up all the time. Nearly ten years later, she's still pining over this miscarriage. For this match that didn't happen."

Brian chewed on his lip, something he always did when he was concentrating. "You know what I think? I think she knew all the time that there'd been something between Celia and Jack. You know how you just know things like that sometimes. She probably thought if Celia was with Hudson, then maybe somehow that would punish Jack or maybe even help her win him back or something. It's obvious she loves the guy."

I leaned my head back against the wall. "That's very insightful. You actually make me feel kind of sorry for the lady." I scowled. "Stop it. I prefer hating her."

Brian laughed and I felt lighter with the sound. It was good to hear him be something besides angry. He was like Sophia in so many ways. Hardened because of the things life had dealt him. He was the one I felt bad for. "I'm really sorry you got dragged into all of this."

He nodded in acceptance of my apology. "I'm really sorry I haven't been here for you." He kept his eyes on his hands, his fingers playing with the drawstring to his PJs. "I guess I was wrong to cut you off like I did. It didn't help you like I thought it would."

"I hate to say this, but it was probably the best thing you could have ever done for me." Funny thing about 20/20 hindsight. "Despite how it looks at the moment, I've been doing pretty well."

"That's exactly how it looks. Good job, good boyfriend..." He met my eyes. "I know you didn't do those things that Celia says you did."

My brows rose. "You do? How?"

Brian gave me a no-nonsense look. "First of all, calling and hanging up? That's so not your style. You're much more creative than that."

I smiled genuinely at the strange compliment.

"Second, you've never messed with women. And, third, no matter what shit you've pulled, you've never denied it. That was one reliable thing about you-you were always willing to admit your mistakes. Plus, you look...good. You've never looked this good before. Not since they died, anyway."

It was the look of feeling loved. That was the change in me. I wondered how long it would last. "Thank you, Brian. It means a lot to hear you say that." More than he could possibly know.

But just because Brian believed me didn't mean I was out of trouble. "So what do I do now, Mr. Lawyer?"

"About Celia Werner? Nothing. She doesn't have anything to press charges for and she says she's not pursuing a restraining order."

"Because a restraining order would keep her from Hudson too." I frowned. "As long as he's with me, that is."

"Is that why she's saying all this stuff about you? Is she in love with him?" His question was tentative, as if he were afraid the subject would hurt me.

"Maybe. I'm not sure if she's in love with him or if she wants to mess with him. People warned me not to trust her. It makes me wonder if she has a rep for doing shit like this. I'm not sure."

"All I can suggest is to stay away from her now."

"No kidding." Actually, Celia's scam had me wondering about her and Hudson in a different way. It couldn't be entirely coincidental that they were friends and both of them had instances of manipulating people. More and more I believed they'd played their games together-as partners or as competitors, I didn't know. And I wasn't sure I wanted to find out.

"Oh." Out of the blue I remembered what Brian was in town for to begin with. I dug into the purse still hanging loosely on my shoulder and found my old apartment key. "I need to give you this." I held it up for him.

He leaned forward but stopped before he took it from me. "You sure you don't want to keep it? I could sign another year lease. In case things don't work out here."

"Which is very possible at this point." I flipped the key along its ring. It felt heavier than it should, and I wanted it out of my hands. At the same time, I had to be smart.

Brian studied me. "I told him, you know. Hudson. That I knew you didn't stalk that girl."

My eyes met his. "What did he say?"

"Nothing. He's a very hard man to read."

I let out the breath I'd been holding. "Yes, he is." What had I expected? For Brian to convince Hudson of the truth and that everything would now be hunky-dory? Even if Brian had changed Hudson's mind, would I be able to forgive Hudson for not believing me when I said I didn't do it? Lauren had said that if I wanted to stay with him, there would have to be forgiveness. How much could I forgive?

In that painful moment, when I wanted Hudson back so bad that every fiber of my being ached with longing, I would have forgiven anything and everything. And that wasn't necessarily the best thing for me.

Good thing he was out of the country. Hopefully I'd be stronger by the time he returned.

I leaned forward and dropped the key in Brian's palm. "No. I don't want another lease. I don't want you taking care of me anymore. It's time for me to do it myself. If things don't work out here-" My voice caught and I had to swallow before I could go on. "I'll have to get something cheaper. Which is fine. I could find some place closer to the subway. Maybe I'll get a roommate or something."

Brian nodded. He could tell that moving wasn't what I wanted, but there wasn't any point discussing it. What mattered was that I had options. I'd be okay.

We sat in comfortable silence for several minutes, before I got the strength to try to make it to bed. "I'm gonna go collapse now."

Brian stood first and held his hand out to help me up.

"Goodnight, Bri."

I was at the end of the hall when Brian called after me.

"Yeah?" I turned to look at him.

"Let's not be like them, okay?"

He didn't have to specify for me to know exactly what he meant. "You mean the hateful, spiteful, backstabbing family thing isn't appealing to you?"

"Not really."

I stared at him in the dim light. He seemed younger than usual, more boyish than I tended to think of him. A week before, I thought he was out of my life. Now he was asking not to be.

My smile was weak but sincere. "Then it's settled. We won't be like them."

Without even undressing, I fell onto the much too large, much too lonely bed. Burying my sobs in the pillow that smelled the most like Hudson, I cried until dawn when sleep finally swallowed me in its welcome black void.

Chapter Twenty

When I stumbled out of bed the next morning, I felt hungover. Emotionally hung over, I guess, since I hadn't been drinking. I stripped out of the dress I'd slept in and replaced it with my robe. I found a pot of lukewarm coffee in the kitchen, and after heating up a mug in the microwave, I set out to find Brian.

He turned up on the balcony. He was sitting at the patio table flipping through a stack of papers. Something for a case, I supposed. Brian was the take-work-with-him-everywhere type of guy.

"Good morning." He looked at his watch. "Or should I say good afternoon?"

"Sorry. I didn't get much sleep last night." I pulled my robe tighter around me and sat in the seat across from him.

"You look like shit."

"Thanks." I took a swallow from my mug, wincing when I burned my tongue.

"Are you supposed to be at work today?"

"Tonight." I was meeting with Aaron Trent at eight that evening. Good thing I'd prepared earlier because I certainly wasn't in the shape to do it now. "Thanks for asking, Dad."

"Got to start practicing."

Jesus, I was a lousy sister. I'd forgotten that his wife was pregnant. I hadn't even asked him anything about it. "How far along is Monica, anyway?"

He smiled in a way I'd never seen him smile before, all proud and happy. "Four months. We find out the sex in a few weeks."

"That's pretty cool. And a little bit scary too."

"Tell me about it."

Brian as a dad. Wow. So exciting and weird and that meant I was going to be an aunt. That hadn't clicked yet. God, I wasn't ready to be an aunt. How could Brian be ready to be a father?

I took another sip of my coffee, this time blowing on it first. Yeah, I needed the caffeine to calm me down. That sounded about right.

Brian went back to shuffling through the papers in front of him and I caught the logo of a phone company at the top of one. "What are you looking at?"

"Celia's cell log. She left a printout here." He rifled back a page. "I was looking at the calls she made. She called The Sky Launch once. Last Friday. Here it is." He put the paper on the table and turned it toward me, pointing to a familiar one. "Isn't that the club's number?"

"Yeah, it is. But she never called me at the club. Wait, I know that number, too." I pointed to the one above it. "That's Aaron Trent's office." Things clicked into place. "That bitch. She's the one who canceled my meeting with him."

"What are you talking about?"

Celia had known about the meeting with Trent and about Sophia's birthday dinner. She had to have guessed that if Trent rescheduled that I'd end up at the party. She had caused a scene. How good was she?

Brian was still looking at me expectantly.

"Oh, it's nothing now. I had a meeting and when it got canceled it stirred up a lot of crap between me and Hudson. Long story." My eyes trailed down the list, spotting a number I knew by heart. It was all over the page. "That's Hudson's number."

"She has quite a few calls to him."

"I see that." I swallowed. "I don't know what to think about that."

"None of them are very long. And she always called him."

"Hmm." That was comforting, wasn't it? Except what did Celia Werner call Hudson about? Why so often? I didn't like the unanswered questions.

I sat back and pulled my knee to my chest, resting my foot on the chair.

"So what now? Between you and Hudson Pierce?" Brian echoed my thoughts.

And wasn't that the question-What now?

"I'm not sure." I rubbed my cheek against the silk fabric draped over my knee. "I guess I'll wait until he comes back and we'll see how that goes. The time apart might be good for us. Give us some time to think." Time to decide where I fit in Hudson's life, where Celia fit in Hudson's life. Where Hudson fit in my life.

"Good plan." He paused. "You know, just because he doesn't believe you doesn't mean he doesn't love you. Trust me. I speak from experience."

I met his eyes. "Yeah, I guess you do." I'd always known Brian loved me, even when he was a total shithead. And I'd always understood his motives. Why was it so hard for me to grasp that about Hudson? Because he'd never said he loved me? Because the idea was too good to be true? I wasn't sure. Yes, there were definitely things to think about.

Brian tossed the cell phone papers down. "Anyway, speaking of phones, do you want me to go with you to get a replacement today?"

This was the one thing I'd already thought about. "No. I'm afraid if I have it I'll call Hudson." The tug of fixation already threatened whenever I thought about my laptop sitting in my bag in the bedroom. How I could internet-stalk him. How I could try to figure out where he was, what he was doing. I'd been so strong. The last thing I wanted was Celia's fake accusation to find truth.

I peered at Brian, seeing if he understood. "I need to be completely cut off from him to get my head around everything, you know?"

"Not really. But if you say so."

"Yeah. I say so."

***

Brian left Thursday morning and the days after that became a blur. Without him around to pull me out of myself and put time in context, I lost track of the minutes and the hours that Hudson had been gone. All I knew was that every passing second felt like a decade, every night alone in our bed felt like a century.

David, thinking I was only out of sorts because I was missing Hudson, suggested I take some time off, but the club gave me a sense of purpose. After meeting with Trent, I continued working nights instead of days. At least then I could stand behind the bar and go on autopilot. I worked myself long and hard and when I got back to the penthouse in the early hours of the morning, I hit the treadmill until I couldn't stand anymore. That was the only way to fall asleep-to get myself so exhausted that I slipped easily into a coma.

Without my phone, Hudson tried to contact me in creative ways-at the club, leaving messages with the doorman, calling the penthouse phone, which I never answered. I stayed true to my self-proclaimed edict that time apart would be good for us. Except, as the days stretched by, I hadn't managed to figure anything out. I'd hoped to gain clarity in his absence. Instead, I just felt lost.

It was after one of the longer nights that Mira showed up, when I'd stayed so long closing the club that the sun was already planted in the sky. I'd changed into workout clothes and ran from the club to The Bowery. The traffic seemed light. It was Sunday morning, I guessed.

Mira was waiting in the lobby, sitting on a couch in the foyer with her hands resting on her swollen belly. At the sight of her, I felt warmth for the first time in days.

She stood when I approached her.

"He sent you to check up on me?" I was beaming. I missed Hudson so horribly and his attempt to reach out through his sister was a nice touch.

Unless he'd sent her to break up with me.

The smile left my face instantly at the thought.

"You're not taking any of his calls, Laynie. What else was he supposed to do?"

"He already left notes with the doorman."

"Did you read them?"

"Not so much. I was afraid of what they'd say." Like that I needed to be out of the penthouse by the time he came home.

"Did you think he was breaking up with you?" She laughed. "No. Way. Even if he wanted to, I wouldn't let him. And he doesn't want to. Trust me."

I hadn't realized how worried I'd been about the prospect until Mira had relieved the tension with those few simple words. My shoulders relaxed, and my jaw didn't feel so tight. Now I wished I hadn't thrown away his messages.

But here was a message in the flesh.

I tilted my head toward the elevator. "Want to come up?"

"I was counting on it."

We didn't talk as we rode up to the penthouse, and all I could think about was how much I probably stunk from my run and how I hoped that Mira was really there to tell me Hudson would be home soon.

"Can I get you something?" I asked as we stepped into the vestibule.

"Um, mind if I raid your fridge? I just ate breakfast and I'm still starving."

I dropped my purse and key on the floor. "Go for it."

She knew her way around and I followed her into the kitchen. While she poked about in the fridge, I grabbed a couple of glasses from the cupboard. "Want anything to drink?"

"Water's good." She stepped away from the fridge, carrying a veggie tray and a block of cheese.

Before the door shut behind her, I reached in and snagged a bottle of water then poured half in each of the glasses. When I'd turned back, Mira had made herself comfy at the breakfast table. I grabbed a knife and plate for the cheese and joined her.

"So," she said, chomping down on a piece of celery. "Lots of crazy went down here last week."

"We're jumping right into it then? No small talk first?" Personally, I was glad. I hadn't wanted to be the one to seem eager for the dirt.

"Are you kidding me? I've been dying to talk about this with you. Do you not know I'm a gossip fiend?" Mira reached for the knife and began working at the block of cheese.

"You hadn't known about Celia's baby either?"

"Nope. No clue. I was always sure it wasn't Hudson's. I don't know why-I was barely fourteen when it all happened, but he never seemed to be into her. They never even kissed or anything that I saw. And, trust me; I was the type of sister that saw a lot."

I could picture Mira as a perky young teen, spying on her brother whenever she had the chance. "Somehow I don't doubt that."

"I didn't ever think it was Dad's though." She took a piece of the cheddar and layered it on top of another celery piece. "I still can't think about that. It's gross." She shuddered then bit into her celery/cheese sandwich.

Talk about gross.

I moved my eyes from her snack of questionable taste and pretended to study my nails. "How is your mother dealing with the news?"

Mira shrugged. "Who knows? Every time she starts to feel something other than bitterness she simply refills her bourbon."

I nodded, surprised by her openness. "Good times."

I hadn't actually spent much time alone with Hudson's sister. I'd assumed she was as closed-off as Hudson, hiding her true thoughts and feelings behind a veil of happiness where he hid his behind cold stone walls. Perhaps I'd been wrong.

"Mom will get over it. Or she won't. Whatever." She paused to finish chewing her celery. Then she frowned. "I don't know why she was so attached to Celia to begin with. I'm sorry about that."

"Whatever. You aren't responsible for your mother's bad taste."

She giggled. "I know, but it's embarrassing. Celia's such a bitch." Mira leaned back in her chair. "She's always been...I don't know...fake. I've never trusted her, but I still can't believe she did this to you."

It was my turn to shrug. "It was my own fault. Not because I stalked her, but because I didn't listen to the warnings not to get mixed up with her."

"I know you didn't stalk her." Mira rolled her eyes. "Please. Do you think I don't? Why would you do that? It's not like you at all."

Her confidence in me was startling. As well as completely off base. I'd figured my obsessive days were out in the open now for the whole Pierce family. It was nice to know it wasn't the case.

But I was tired of secrets and bitter about my predicament. "Joke's on you, I guess. That's exactly like me. I used to do that crap all the time. Stalk people, I mean. I have a record."

Mira narrowed her eyes and studied me. "No wonder you and Hudson are so good for each other."

My mouth curled up at her unexpected comment. It was exactly the reason I'd thought I wasn't good for Hudson. Interesting that she had a different perspective.

"Anyway, you don't do that stuff now, do you?"

"No."

"See? And you now is who I know, so don't correct me again." She grinned as she snagged another piece of cheese, this time sans celery, thank god. "Plus, I was in that bathroom. You didn't harass her in the least. I told Hudson that, by the way."

She was the second person to have defended me to Hudson. While I was glad for the support, I wished I didn't need it.

Still, I was dying to know. "Did he believe you?"

"Of course, he did." Her brown eyes widened. "Is that what this is about? You don't think he knows you didn't do that stuff? He totally does."

"Because of what you told him?"

"Yeah."

"That's what I thought."

Her face flushed. "I mean, maybe it wasn't me. He probably believed you without..." Her sentence trailed away. "Shit." She ran her hand through her short hair. "He would have figured it out if you weren't avoiding his calls."

"My phone's broken."

"And the times he's called at the club?"

"Okay, I'm avoiding those." I folded my arms over my chest, suddenly feeling defensive. "It's not because I don't want to talk to him. It's...it's complicated." I chewed the inside of my lip. Was it really that complicated? I loved Hudson, and Hudson...well, I knew he loved me, too. Was that enough? There was no way of knowing without talking to him.

And I'd been avoiding that like the plague.

I sighed. "There's more than this. I did some things that I shouldn't have done. And he did some things that he shouldn't have done. There's a lot of fixing and stuff to be said and I think the things we need to say need to be in person."

"So go to him."

I arched a brow. "To Japan?"

"Why not? What you're saying makes sense. Big things need to be face-to-face. It's easier to be honest. Harder to run away. Yeah, you should go to him." Mira's whole face transformed with her enthusiasm.

Though adorable, her notion was insane.

"Isn't he going to come back soon?"

"It doesn't sound like it. The people he's dealing with are dragging their feet."

"Oh." My heart dropped into my stomach. If it truly was Sunday, it had now been five days since Hudson had left. I didn't think I could stand many more.

But the alternative was crazy. "I can't go to Japan. I don't have that kind of money."

"I'd foot the bill."

"Oh, no. I'm not letting you pay for me to go to Japan. Get real."

Mira scowled and put a fist on what was probably once her waistline. "I have about as much money as my brother, you know. A trip to Japan is a drop in a very large bucket, and I'm not trying to brag. I'm trying to be clear."

I opened my mouth to continue my protest.

"But if that's really an issue," she said before I had a chance, "then charge it to The Sky Launch. Hudson's money. He wanted you out there to begin with."

It wasn't a bad idea necessarily. Not the best, but not bad.

Except what if he didn't want me there?

Or maybe that's why he'd sent his sister. I eyed Mira suspiciously. "Did he send you to convince me to go to Japan?"

"No!" She seemed appalled. "Uh-uh. Do not give him credit for my idea."

But I'd wanted to give him credit. It would make it less scary to show up unannounced.

"Think about it," Mira said, her eyes all dreamy. "Wouldn't that be an awesome surprise?"

I imagined the roles reversed, if he showed up and surprised me. "Yeah. It kind of would be." More than kind of. "I miss him."

That was all Mira had to hear. "Laynie, he's dying without you! I can hear it in his voice. He's a basket case. He can't eat, he can't sleep-"

"He told you this?"

"I can tell!"

I popped a piece of cheddar in my mouth to keep from laughing. "Has anyone ever told you that you're a hopeless romantic?"

"It doesn't mean I'm wrong about Hudson."

"Maybe not." Though I couldn't imagine the calm, collected Hudson ever being anything close to a basket case.

Mira sighed. Then her eyes brightened. "You know, he told Celia he doesn't want her in his life anymore." She said it nonchalantly, but she was an easy read-she knew this was big news.

"What?" It was hard to hear myself talk over the pounding of my heart. "Are you serious?"

She nodded.

"Why didn't you lead with that?"

"I guess I probably should have."

Holy shit! This changed everything. Everything. "What else? Tell me all the details."

"I don't know what else. I wasn't there. It was here, that day that everything else happened. Dad told me about it. Said she was crestfallen."

"So this was before he believed that I was innocent?"

"Yeah."

"Then why did he tell her he didn't want her around?"

Mira leaned in-as far as she could anyway, with the round ball at her belly-her expression animated. "This is so third-hand gossip, but Dad said that Hudson told Celia that she was obviously not good for you and so he expected her to stay out of your life from now on. No phone calls, no stopping by the club, no stopping by the penthouse, no family functions. Completely out of your life." She tapped her finger on the table enunciating completely, out and life. "And he said that since your life was his life, that meant he couldn't be around her either."

"No. Way." She totally had me captivated. The girl certainly did have a flare for dishing out the dirt.

"Yes, way. Of course way. Why would you even doubt way? I keep telling you he loves you. You hang the moon for him. He'll do anything to keep you. Can't you see that?" Her hands flew as she talked, but I stayed glued to her face.

I blinked. Several times. "He chose me over Celia. Even when he thought that I'd gone all crazy again. That's...that's big."

"Yes! It's big! It's huge!" She hit the table so hard the knife went flying to the floor. Ignoring it. she pinned me with her eyes. "Now what are you going to do to match that?"

I stood, needing to pace the room. "Okay." I ran my hands through the hair that had fallen from my ponytail. "I'll go to Japan."

A sound somewhere between a shriek and a gasp filled the room. The startling part was that it came from me. Did I really just say I'd go to Japan to surprise Hudson? Oh my god I did and I didn't even want to take it back.

Mira jumped up with a squeal. "Yes!"

"It's Sunday, right?" In my mind I was already packing, making a mental list of preparations. "I can't leave until tonight. Someone's renting out the club and I'm scheduled to get them set up. I could leave right after that though. Like eight or so."

"That's perfect."

I stopped pacing. "This is going to sound ridiculous, but I don't even know how to travel out of the country. I've been to Canada once. That's the extent of my foreign travel."

"I'll take care of everything," Mira said, laughing. "Do you have a passport?"

I nodded. "Hudson got me one. He left it on the nightstand. Do you need it?"

"No, you need it. Make sure you bring it with you." Her eyes were moving like she was making her own mental list. "Do you have a credit card for The Sky Launch?"

"Yep." I ran-actually ran-to the foyer where I'd dropped my purse.

"Here you go," I said when I returned, handing her the American Express I carried for business expenses related to the club.

"Yay!" Mira pulled me in for a hug that I actually didn't mind. "This is so exciting! I always wanted a sister! You guys will make the most beautiful babies."

"Hey, slow down." That made the hug come to a quick end. "No one said anything about..." I put my palms to my face. "I can't even finish that sentence."

"Sorry. I'm an optimist."

I dropped my hands and pointed a finger at her. "Keep your optimism to yourself from now on, okay?"

She rolled her eyes. "Okay." But she was twitching like she had more to say. "I mean, not okay. I have to know because I'm ultra nosy-do you want that stuff? You know, kids, marriage. The whole package." She bit her lip. "With Hudson."

I didn't know what to say. The answer was tricky and the conversation already had me breaking out in a sweat. "Here's the thing, Mira." I still didn't know what I was going to say. Then the truth spilled out. "I used to want it so bad that I thought every guy was the whole package, that every guy was The One. And I'd do everything to make them believe the same about me. I mean everything. Not so good things."

A breath shuddered through my lungs. "So now I can't even let myself think about it, not even to daydream for a few seconds or to test it out and see how it feels. So the answer is don't ask me that. I can't." My voice cracked so I said it again. "I just can't."

Mira didn't even blink. "Then don't. I daydream about it enough for both of us."

"Thank you," I said.

"You're welcome." She smiled. Then she shooed me with her hands. "Now get packing, girl! We've got to get you to Japan!"

Chapter Twenty-One

"Should I change or stay in this?" It was the third time I'd asked Liesl this question in the last fifteen minutes. She'd answered each and every time, but I couldn't remember what she'd said-my mind was a mess of exhaustion and nervousness. I'd managed to nab a short nap in between packing and figured I'd catch up on the rest during the long flight. Until then, I had espresso.

Liesl spun on her barstool and grabbed my shoulders, looking me directly in the eye. "Laynie, chill the f**k out. You're making me insane."

"Okay." A thumping noise drew our eyes downward. It was the heel of my shoe, bouncing with the twitching of my leg. I put my hand on my thigh to still the movement. "Okay. Chilling."

"Thank god." She ran her eyes again over my short wraparound skirt and white button down blouse. "You look smokin'. But you should change into sweats for the flight so you can be all comfy and drool while you sleep and all that. Then change back into this in the airport bathroom."

"Okay." That's right. That was the plan. I would have been in sweats already except that I was waiting for the club renter to show up.

Though I had plans to change the hours of The Sky Launch, we currently weren't open on Sundays or Mondays. Occasionally a private party would rent the place for various functions. I didn't know much about this particular rental situation. David had set it up. He would have handled the exchange too, except he'd left for Atlantic City after we'd closed that morning to check out Adora on the sly. I hated to admit it, but Hudson had made David's life by giving him that job. It had been a good move.

Liesl turned back to the bar where she was creating some sort of counter artwork with olive spears. "Do you know where you're going when you land?"

"Mira arranged for a car to pick me up and take me to his hotel." Anxiousness pulsed through me again and I started pacing. "But what if he's not there? What if I have to wait or what if I miss him? Or what if...." my stomach lurched at this thought, "what if he's with someone?"

"He won't be with anyone. He's with you."

"But how do you know?"

"I..." She paused as if she were going to say something and then changed to something else. "Just do."

I scowled. That answer wasn't satisfying.

"What? Are we in grade school?" She sighed. "I can tell by the way he looks at you. Everyone can. Come on, Laynie, he asked you to move in with him. After what? A week? He's into you, girl."

"All right, all right. You're right." I glanced at the clock above the bar. "The renters are supposed to be here in twenty. We should go down in case they get here early."

"Um, okay." Liesl suddenly looked as nervous as I felt. "Hold on a minute." She shuffled the spears around then rearranged them in the same design.

Jesus, now she was the one making me crazy. "Leisl! They could be waiting at the door-"

"I'm coming, I'm coming." She jumped from her stool. "Wait; one more thing." She took her phone from her shorts pocket and typed a message to someone. "Okay. Let's go."

Internally, I rolled my eyes. "You didn't have to come in tonight. I could have handled this myself." I headed to the stairs at a fast pace but had to slow down to wait for Liesl, who was walking at turtle speed.

"I know. But I thought you could use the company. It's not a good idea to be in the club alone."

As if I wasn't in the club alone all the time. Strange that she suddenly cared about that. "It was very thoughtful of you."

"Uh-huh." She bit her lip. "Um, are your bags packed?"

"Yep. Jordan will have them when he picks me up." We continued the descent of the second flight of stairs and the main dance floor came into view. And my heart stopped. "What the..."

The floor was covered-absolutely covered-in red and white rose petals. The main lights had been turned off and candles were set on the tables surrounding the floor, illuminating the space with an ethereal white-yellow glow. It was beautiful and romantic.

Liesl made a small gasping sound. "Wowzers."

It hadn't been like that when I'd arrived only an hour before. Liesl had been with me the whole time, so it couldn't have been her.

A figure stepped out of the shadows, his hands tucked casually in his pockets.

"Hudson?" Just like that, I forgot how to breathe. The sight of him...even in his rumpled attire, his suit jacket missing, his dress shirt untucked-he was stunning. "You did this?"

He nodded. His focus went to my friend. "Thank you, Liesl, for keeping her occupied."

I turned to her, eyes wide. "You knew about this?" I still hadn't fully grasped that he was the renter, that this whole arrangement was for me.

"Hey, he kept calling and you wouldn't talk to him and then he trapped me into this whole surprise you thingamabob. He asked me to keep you busy upstairs while he did-" Liesl gestured at the room. "All this." Her expression said she felt guilty about the betrayal. "He's my boss, what was I supposed to say?"

"He's not your boss," I said, remembering his frequent claim to me.

At the same time, Hudson said, "I'm not your boss."

My eyes flew to his at the dual mention of our inside joke. Then they were locked there, as if there were nothing else in the world to look at but him. As if the only things worth meaning could be found there.

And he gazed back at me with the same intensity.

Distantly, Liesl's voice penetrated through the haze. "I'm going to slip out the back. 'K, thanks."

I'm not sure I even addressed Liesl. She was already gone-I was already alone. With Hudson.

Part of me wanted to run to him. But I couldn't let myself. Even though I was ready to forget every bad thing that had transpired between us, I understood that if we didn't fix things first, we could never last. So I walked to him instead, my legs shaking as I stepped down to the dance floor, and this time it wasn't because of the espresso.

Though there were many things waiting on the tip of my tongue, he spoke first. "'Bags packed'?" He stepped toward me, one brow raised. "Are you going somewhere?"

I could hear the tension in his voice. He thought I was leaving him. It made it that much sweeter to be able to say my next words. "Oh, nowhere special. Just Japan."

"Because... I was in Japan?" His expression was so hopeful and adorable, I melted a little. Or a lot.

"Yeah." I circled him, taking in the details of his setup. The tables draped with white cloths, the candlesticks letting off a vanilla fragrance. "I thought I could put my stalking skills to use to find you."

"I would have liked to have been found by you."

I turned back to face him, playing cool and flirty though my subtext was hot and needy. "Would you? I wasn't sure."

"Then you're an idiot."

"Thank you."

"A beautiful idiot that I can't take my eyes off of."

I couldn't stop looking at him either. Less than a week apart, it felt like I hadn't seen him in a lifetime. We were still several feet apart. I took a step toward him, but the distance between us felt just as wide. There was no way I could get to him without...without saying everything.

"Hudson, I saw Celia behind your back."

His eyes closed for half a second. "I've figured that out."

"I should have told you." I bit my lip, trying to come up with the right explanation of why I'd done what I'd done. "She was welcoming and supportive and I needed someone to talk to. It's no excuse."

His mouth straightened. "You could have talked to me."

"We don't always talk that well."

"We need to work on that, then."

My throat tightened. He still thought we had a chance. That made all the difference.

Yet there was still hard stuff to say. "You hurt me, Hudson."

He took a breath so shaky I heard it shudder through him. "I know."

"Do you?"

"Yes. I transferred David without talking to you."

"Well." There were other issues between us. I could let him off the hook on this one. "It turns out that's probably for the best. It was a good compromise."

"And I didn't believe you." He shook his head, looking down at the floor. "I should have believed you." His eyes came back to mine. "I'm sorry."

"Why didn't you?"

He sighed. "I was more concerned with being the guy who would stand by you. I wanted you to know I'd help you, get you treatment."

"I didn't need treatment. I needed you to believe me and you didn't."

"We hadn't had a good track record in being honest with each other. It was instinctual to doubt."

My back stiffened. "Then it's my fault that you took her word over mine?"

"I didn't take her word over yours. I took the evidence and put it into a plausible scenario."

It was my turn to look at the floor. "Right." There was nothing wrong with what he said, yet it didn't ease the ache in my chest.

"The thing you aren't hearing, Alayna, is that I don't care."

My eyes raced back to his.

"I don't care if you did stalk Celia or call her a million times or leave a dead chicken in her bed-I don't care. I just want you. I want to be with you. If you were sick, then there was a chance that I would lose you. And I can't. Whatever it takes to make that happen. Whatever I have to do. Whatever I have to say. I have to have you in my life."

Goosebumps rushed across my skin. Hudson's words were both freeing and binding. They relieved me of so many of the doubts that constantly pulled at me. His reluctance to believe me hadn't been about trust, though I certainly hadn't deserved his trust. It had been his way to hold on to me. Even at my most crazy, he would still be there for me. That was almost unbelievable. After years of thinking no one could ever want me past my mistakes, his declaration was more of a dream come true than any other aspect of our relationship.

At the same time, I now realized the extent of my failures in our commitment to each other. While he would stand by me through anything, I had pushed him away with secrets and lies. And when I had believed that he had resorted to his past behaviors, when I believed he had manipulated me-I'd only gotten highly pissed. He'd been sick in the past, just as I had, yet I'd blamed him instead of offering understanding.

I fell to my knees with the weight of it all. Tears stung at my eyes. "I don't know how to do this."

"Do what?" He collapsed in front of me an arm's length away. So near but, without his touch, so far.

"Have a relationship." I swiped at the tears falling down my cheeks. "I keep f**king it up. I kept things from you. I accused you of manipulating me. I didn't try to compromise about David."

"I don't care about any of that." He nudged an inch closer, his expression desperate. "Just don't give up on us. Please, don't give up. I'm a shell without you, Alayna. I can barely breathe when you aren't near me, when I'm not touching you. Right now, it's all I can do to hold myself back from taking you in my arms."

"Why are you holding back?" My need for him was astounding.

"Because I don't want to resort to sex to solve this."

"You listened. You always listen." I choked back a sob.

"Alayna."

Like always, the sound of my name on his tongue ignited me, and coupled with the distance between us, it increased my want, increased my anguish. "I need you, Hudson. I need you to touch me and bring me back into sync. I'm so far out of tune with you and it hurts-like part of me is missing."

A weak smile crossed his lips. "You get it then."

"I do." I finally did understand it-how the physical connection between us was vital. It brought us closer, united us at a level so deep that our words and actions became meaningless in comparison.

His hand reached out, but he dropped it before touching me. "Are we...okay?"

"I'm not giving up, if that's what you're asking. I'm so lost without you. Find me, Hudson."

"I already have."

Then we were in each other's arms, our lips crushing in a kiss that tasted of hope and love and salty tears. His hands on my back lit my body on fire. I needed my shirt off, knowing the feel of skin-on-skin would be my only salve.

Hudson recognized my urgency. Or perhaps it was his own desire that moved his hands to my buttons as I worked to undo his. Our kiss remained unbroken as we shed our shirts, then my bra. Then, with great reluctance, I let his mouth go so he could blaze a trail to my br**sts. He cupped them both, first nuzzling and licking in the spot between them before moving his attention to one nipple. He tugged and sucked for long minutes until I was writhing and gasping. By the time he'd moved to the other nipple, I was aroused and near cl**ax.

I'd been so immersed in Hudson's adoration that I'd missed when he'd unwrapped my skirt until I felt his fingers on my cl*t through my panties, pushing at the bundle of nerves like it was a release now button. And it was-I was already on a hair-trigger. One simple swirl of his thumb and I was tumbling over.

Hudson held me upright as I spiraled into my release, his other hand ripping at my underwear so that by the time I began my descent, I was completely naked.

As my vision returned, I saw him fixated on the moisture between my legs. His eyes were scarred with lust, his expression wild. So hot. It was so hot. No one had ever looked at me like that before him. No gaze had ever come close.

It was too much in every good way. Too much and not enough. I needed him inside me. Craved his c**k pushing into me, filling me. Completing me.

I clawed at the waistband of his pants, too insane with desire to productively work on their removal. Hudson took over and in a flash had lowered his pants enough to expose his hard, thick beautiful shaft.

I was already climbing on top of him when he stopped me with a curse. "Hold on."

He stood and kicked his clothes off, the ache of his absence made dull with the sight of him stripped. That's how I loved us best-completely naked, no barriers between us.

He fell back on his knees in front of me. My hands immediately grabbed for his pulsing cock. A trickle of pr**cum glistened on his crown, and I spread it down the length of him.

He groaned. "Come here." Hudson kneeled up slightly and urged me to wrap my legs around him, my feet braced on the floor on each side of him in a squat. Thankfully, my sandals were platform. They gave better support.

His tip throbbed at my core and I clenched in anticipation, all thoughts of shoes flying from my mind. With gentle expertise, he pushed up and in. I slid down him, taking the length of his c**k inside my wet core.

God, oh, god, there weren't words-the ecstasy, the intensity, the absolute feeling of wholeness, of completion-it was perfectly indescribable. Perfectly perfect.

He bucked into me, and I threw my head back with a gasp.

"Watch, Alayna."

His command drew my focus back to him. I followed his gaze down to the place where we were joined. He pulled out of me to his crown, his c**k covered in my juices, then pushed back in, his rhythm steady and mesmerizing.

"Watch my c**k pushing in and out of you."

"It's so hot." Unbelievably hot.

He sped up and the sound of our slapping thighs increased the level of eroticism by ten. Already I was tightening again, nearing the edge.

"Alayna, are you with me?"

His question called my attention back to his face. His expression, still lusty and primal, was now highlighted with affection.

"Always," I said. "I'm always with you."

He reclaimed my mouth, plunging his tongue with a ferocity that echoed his movements below. I was breathless and panting when he released me.

"Our pasts will always threaten to come between us. But nothing can come between us unless we let it. Feel this?" He drove his c**k deeper into me. "Feel me inside you?"

"It's so good, Hudson. You make me feel so good."

"I know, precious, I know." He tightened his grip, pulling me closer to him so that his breath tickled my ear as he spoke to me.

My vision glazed, I was close.

"Look at me." Again, his command pulled my eyes to him. "This is how connected we are, Alayna. Even when I'm not inside you, we are always this connected."

His stark declaration was the final straw. "Fuck, Hudson, I'm going to come." My legs were quivering from the effort of supporting myself on top of him. Now they tightened with my oncoming orgasm.

"Yes, let go," Hudson coaxed. "I want to watch you give it all to me."

I did let go, squeezing him with my cunt as my orgasm ripped through me with seismic force. My body jelly, Hudson eased us to the floor then pounded to his finish, burying himself to his balls while his cl**ax erupted hot and long.

When he collapsed, he stayed inside me, stroking my hair and whispering. "You're so beautiful, Alayna. Absolutely beautiful. I missed you. So much."

I brushed my fingers along his cheek, scruffy with a five o'clock shadow. "Did you really?"

"Yes, really."

"I missed you too. So much." I kissed along his throat before sucking lightly on his Adam's apple. Still in a euphoric, post-orgasmic stage, it was surprising that I suddenly remembered where I was supposed to be. "Shit! I need to call Mira and tell her to cancel my trip."

Hudson smiled. "Already taken care of."

"She told you? It was supposed to be a surprise!"

"Mirabelle didn't tell me. Jordan. All he said was that he'd rearrange your evening plans. It would have been a surprise." He circled my nose with his. "If I hadn't surprised you first."

"And what a happy surprise it was."

"I'm lucky you didn't kick me to the curb. You know, I've fantasized about taking you in this club since the first time I saw you here."

For whatever reason, this made me blush. "I can't say I haven't had the same fantasy."

He grinned and kissed me chastely, probably knowing as well as I did that anything deeper would likely lead to another round of sex. This suspicion was confirmed with his next words. "As nice as it is having the fantasy fulfilled, I'd much rather take you back to The Bowery and have you in our bed."

"That sounds awesome. Because as beautiful as this all is, I'm sticky and I have rose petals stuck to my ass and thighs."

Hudson laughed, his dick twitching inside me with the motion. "The side effects of romantic gestures."

"You better get out before you get hard again."

"Already halfway there." He pulled out of me, and, sure enough, he was already sporting another semi.

He stood then helped me up after him, brushing petals off my backside. After we'd finished dressing, Hudson turned on the club lights so I could blow out the candles.

"Ready to go home?"

I shivered at the sweet sound of the word home. Our home. It had become such a lonesome cave in the days he'd been gone. Now it could be restored to its former glory. "As long as you're there, then there's no place else I'd rather be."

Brushing a lingering rose petal from my arm, I looked around the room. "What about the mess?" Then before he answered, I said, "Let me guess-you have people."

He shrugged. "We have people."

I actually didn't freak about his overt suggestion that we were tied even more deeply than we were. I'd told the truth to Mira when I said I couldn't think about those things, but maybe I could be okay when other people thought about it.

Hudson retrieved his jacket from the dance floor railing. He pulled out his phone from one of the pockets and typed something in-a text for our ride, I guessed.

"Oh," he said, digging in another of his jacket pockets. "I almost forgot. This is for you." He handed me a phone, nearly identical to the one I'd broken.

"So sure I haven't already replaced it, are you?" I asked with a laugh.

He winked. "You weren't answering any of my calls or texts. I'd hoped it was because you were still phoneless."

"I was phoneless so that I wouldn't break down and call you."

"Should I ask for an explanation?"

"No. It's just me. Thank you for the phone. It was very thoughtful." I wrapped my arm around his and together we walked toward the club entrance. "Hey, did you get Plexis back?"

"I did. But it wouldn't have mattered if I hadn't gotten you back."

Damn, the stuff he said was sweet. Only two weeks before, he'd been completely cut off from me, sharing very few of his true feelings. To think I could have missed out on all the beauty he had to offer if I'd let him slip away. Thank god, I'd stuck around for the good stuff.

I gazed up at his profile. "You never lost me, remember?"

"That's right. I didn't." We'd reached the door and he turned to look at me. Those startling grey eyes-I could stay in them forever. Not lost, exactly, but more like found.

"I love you, Hudson Pierce."

He breathed it in, physically breathed in my words-I could see exactly how they affected him. He needed them like I needed his touch. They changed him in some way that wasn't quite tangible but real all the same. It made up for the fact that he still hadn't been able to return the declaration.

He shook himself. "Go on out. Jordan should be waiting. I'll set the alarm and lock up."

He needed a minute to himself. I got that. He had the same effect on me.

I walked out, finding Jordan waiting with the Maybach.

"Good evening, Ms. Withers. I'm sorry to say that you missed your flight."

I winked. "Another time, I suppose."

I slid in the car, crossing to the opposite window to leave space for Hudson. While I waited, I turned on the new phone Hudson had given me. I smiled at the front screen wallpaper-it was a publicity picture of us kissing from the fashion show I'd attended with him. Scrolling through my contacts, I could tell that he'd managed to transfer my number and all my personal data to the new phone.

After a minute, the phone buzzed to notify me of incoming texts. I had seventeen in all. I scrolled through them, finding most were from Hudson, one from Brian-probably from before he'd found out my phone had broken.

My brow furrowed as I saw two texts from an unknown number. I opened the first one. "The video file is too big for text. Text me if you want to see it in person."

Confused, I scrolled to the next text from that number. "Btw, this is Stacy from Mirabelle's."

Ah, Stacy. She'd told me she had some proof about Hudson and Celia. Some reason not to trust her.

I laughed to myself. Too little, too late. Whatever proof Stacy had that Celia was a bitch was completely unnecessary. I'd learned the hard way.

Though it did pique my curiosity.

"Everything okay?" Hudson asked as he slipped in the backseat next to me.

"Everything's perfect." I dimmed my phone and stuck it in my bra. The outside world didn't hold a spark of interest to me when I had Hudson beside me. I was beginning to see that he might be there for a long time. He was right-we were connected. Nothing could break us apart. I was convinced of that now.

I buckled my seatbelt then settled into the crook of his arm thinking perfect was something I could get used to.

