Chapter One

"We're clear then? I want this mess with the all equity rate cleared up by close of business Friday. We can't be seen to be letting things slide just because the dollar is a little fragile. I don't want to hear any more excuses."

No one spoke or met his eye, and Dylan Johns let loose a grim smile. He resorted to threats and intimidation more and more often these days. Maybe he needed a holiday.

Too bad.

"Great. What's next?"

"Excuse me, sir?" Dylan's assistant must have been listening at the door, waiting for the pause. "There's someone in your office for you."

"Not now. We're in the middle of-"

"Sorry, sir, I think you'll want to take this."

Dylan looked up. His assistant had been with him for three years and knew this meeting had been booked for over a month. Her face gave nothing away, but the hard edge in her eyes made him stand. "I'll be right back. Gary, go through the acquisition premiums on the Luther portfolio with everyone."

Dylan stood and walked through to his inner office.

The woman who turned toward him bore almost no resemblance to his sister-in-law. Tears had carved tracks through her makeup, and her face was puffy and red.

"Lily?" Dylan reached for her instinctively. "What's happened? Oh my God, the kids?"

"No. They're fine." Lily wilted into him. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have come. You're busy."

Dylan held back a grimace. Lily was prone to exaggeration, but she didn't usually turn up at his office a sobbing mess. "Stop it." With a firm grip on her arm, he led her to the plush couch, which afforded an amazing view over a glittering slice of Sydney Harbor. "We're family." He handed her his navy silk handkerchief and sat beside her, putting a hand on her knee.

She took a deep, shuddering breath. "I just didn't know what else to do."

"I said it was okay. What's he said? He hasn't hurt you, has he?"

"No, no. It's just..." She wiped ineffectively at her eyes, smearing her makeup further. "I saw something on his cell. A number I didn't recognize, and I asked him about it. He went mental. Accused me of all sorts of things."

Dylan patted her knee to stop himself from clenching his fists. "I'm sure he didn't mean any of it."

"I bloody knew it!"

Dylan recognized the owner of the angry voice even before he looked up. He steeled himself to be calm. "Brian, whatever you've done this time isn't any of my business, but don't you think you should cut Lily some slack?"

"That's right. Stick up for her again." Brian wrenched his arm out of Dylan's assistant's grip. "Get your hand off my wife's knee."

Dylan lifted his hand in mock surrender. "Calm down. Don't think I won't have security throw you out if you don't get a grip."

He stood to face his older brother, and the two men glared at each other, eye to eye. If it weren't for the frown lines and the gray nudging at his temples, Brian could have been Dylan's reflection. His older brother had the same broad shoulders, flashing green eyes, dark hair, and a firm chin set in grim determination.

You're doing Lily and the kids no favors getting him angrier. Dylan shook his head almost imperceptibly at his assistant, and she stepped out of the room, quietly closing the door behind her. There would be no need for security. No one needed any more of a scene. Dylan turned to Lily. "So what do we need to do to sort this?"

Lily stood. "I'm sorry. It's nothing. Really. I shouldn't have come."

"Of course it's nothing." Brian's eyes glittered dangerously.

"I'm talking to Lily just for a moment, Brian. Perhaps you'd like to wait outside for five? Just so Lily can gather her thoughts."

"So you two can plot about getting rid of me, you mean." Folding his arms across his chest, Brian stood firm. He was clearly going nowhere.

Dylan looked carefully at his brother. Was that really hurt in his eyes? "Hang on a minute. Do you think-"

"I should go. The children will be coming home from school soon." Lily made for the door.

Dylan took her arm again. "Wait. We all need to talk about this."

"No. Let her go. It's the two of us who need to talk." Brian pushed Dylan's hand away and led Lily to the door. He whispered something in her ear. She nodded tightly, and Dylan sighed inwardly at the way her tears seemed to have miraculously dried up.

Brian waited for the door to close before he turned back to Dylan. "You have to get out of her head."

"Excuse me?"

"You heard me. She's my wife."

"She's your wife again now, is she? What about the last twenty times you've disappeared these past ten years? Has she been your wife then? Or perhaps when you were in bed with your Yankee mistress, what about then?"

"I haven't disappeared. And it's hardly been twenty times. Anyway, she's still my wife. I'm back now, aren't I?"

Yes. Not that I'm sure I like it. "You can understand why she might have a few trust issues," Dylan said dryly.

Brian turned his back to Dylan and stalked to the massive window. "Sure. She doesn't need to now, though." His shoulders hunched as if he was building up to something. "She relies on you when I'm not here, but I'm back. She took me back. And she is my wife. We're never going to make it work if every time we have a fight she comes running to you." He turned, and Dylan was shocked at the pain that tightened Brian's face. "We've got to try and make this work. You know what it's like to not have a father. I want the kids to trust me again. Give me a chance to figure things out with Lily."

Every fiber of Dylan's being hummed with resentment. Brian wanting forgiveness and space was a bit rich after the way he'd bailed out on everything. These past ten years had been a mess as far as Dylan was concerned. First there'd been an affair, which had taken Brian over two years to end. Then he'd been away more than he'd been home as he checked out a series of "business ventures" that never turned into anything tangible. He'd returned four months ago full of apology, and Lily lacked either the strength or the inclination to kick him to the curb. "Why should I trust you?"

"Because I'm your brother. And because you'd never actually marry Lily. She's not your type." Brian held up his hand as Dylan's mouth dropped open. "Don't play dumb. I know Lily and the kids adore you. She'd marry you in an instant if you asked her."

"I would never-"

"I'm glad to hear it. I'm your brother." Brain waved his hand at the office. "And a partner here. But Lily and I need some space. Some time alone to work out how to be a family again."

Barely able to speak, Dylan sat heavily in his chair. Brian thought Lily and he...

"I know you've held the company together. I never said sorry for dropping you and Mom in it when I left the first time. But like I said, I'm back. I need to reestablish myself in the company and sort things with my family. So take a break. Give Lily and me some space, and give yourself a holiday. You probably need one."

I should leave him in charge, just like that? Unlikely. "What if I say no?"

"Why would you?" Brian scoffed. "When was the last time you had a holiday?"

Dylan shrugged. Never.

"It's not like I can't run the company. I did it for plenty of years before you took over."

Before you ran away and then got distracted. "I'll have to talk to Mom about it."

"I already have, and she agrees. You need to leave. Just for three months or so, to let Lily and me make a real go of it."

"Three months!"

"It's not that long. Anything shorter and nothing will really change."

"I should just do what you say? Get out of your way?"

"Pretty much." The pain had left Brian's face, but there was a stretched look about him that belied his assertive tone.

Dylan caught a glimpse of his reflection in the window. He looked tired. Hadn't he just been thinking about how he needed a holiday before Lily's appearance interrupted his meeting? It wasn't as if Brian had embezzled company funds-he'd just been absent enough that Dylan had needed to head up all their accounts for fear that Brian wouldn't be there for critical meetings. But he'd been back for four months now, living with Lily and the kids for two of those. It was the longest he'd been around for years. Perhaps he was serious this time. "What about the launch of the new credit scheme? You can't roll that out without me. Clients will freak."

"So you'll go?"

"Maybe. I'll talk to Mom about it."

Brian's face relaxed.

He thought I'd put up more of a fight. Maybe I should have.

Dylan stroked his jaw. He didn't owe his brother anything. "I didn't leave Lily alone because of you. And I wouldn't even consider going if I didn't think it could be good for her and the kids. You're going to have to earn the right to be their father again." He put up his hand as Brian began to protest. "I have a meeting to get back to. We'll talk later."

The meeting finished without further incident, and Dylan was buried in paperwork the rest of the day, but at the back of his mind, Brian's words reverberated. Dylan did know what it was like to not have a father. Theirs had died when Dylan was young.

The fading sun cast a rosy glow over the city as Dylan packed up his notes. Looking down from his office window, he watched people strolling along the harborside. Not a bad idea. He dismissed his driver, hoping a walk would clear his head.

As the last warmth of the day bounced off the concrete footpath, he pondered the events of the previous few months. His brother was back. If his father had come back after being gone for ten years, would he have been pleased to see him? Without a doubt.

Dylan sighed. Lily's kids needed their father. It still baffled him that Lily had taken his brother back, that she'd stuck by him all this time. Perhaps she simply wanted to believe love would conquer all.

Brian was right when he said Lily wasn't Dylan's type. Not that Dylan really had a type. It was more that he didn't believe in marriage. Lily and Brian were an excellent reminder why. Someone always loved more, and someone always got hurt.

"It's none of my business." Dylan looked up to check that no one had heard him muttering and glanced at the window display he was passing. He did a double take. The image could have been a copy of one he had at home of his mother from her days as a professional dancer. A woman dressed in white struck a strong yet graceful pose, frozen in fluid motion.

Adventurer Cruises entertainment team. Open auditions this week.

A cruise, perhaps? He needed something to occupy himself for three months. Lying around doing nothing would drive him crazy.

No one he knew was likely to be cruising the Pacific. They all had their own yachts, so he'd be almost incognito.

"I could carry on another family tradition," he said quietly. "Dance again. Mom might like that."

The idea was appealing. Ten years ago, he'd been all signed up for dance school when Brian had disappeared with his lover and left Dylan scrambling to study business and help his mother run the company. His mother knew how disappointed he'd been, but she had also known she couldn't run the business by herself. Neither of them had talked about his dancing again.

Dancing on a cruise ship would keep him busy, and it would provide a new challenge. He still took dance lessons every now and then just to keep himself in shape. The discipline of keeping his posture strong, of holding his muscles in perfect line, was intense-good practice for ensuring his mind was calm and precise in business. It would be interesting to find out whether he had what it took to dance on a cruise ship. Why not?

"How hard could it be?"

...

Her eyes flicked back to him again.

Michaela Western was trying her best to ignore the new crew member, but something kept drawing her eye, something more than his height and broad shoulders. He was a bit older than the dancers usually recruited for her team, but there was something else as well. Something she could almost taste.

Perhaps it was his square jaw and brilliant emerald eyes.

"Twenty bucks says that tall dancer you're staring at is shacked up with the choreographer by the end of the week. The new guy from admin, however? I think he might just be mine."

Michaela shook herself. Damn, had she really been staring?

"Felly!" she said to cover her embarrassment. "You wouldn't be admitting to your cruise director that you'd start something with one of your direct reports?"

They both laughed, but the humor was hollow for Michaela.

"I know you don't go there, darling," Felicity said, "but it's always nice to look, isn't it? And we can't all be as wonderfully chaste and professional as you. You have to admit, this intake has some exceptional hotties."

Michaela followed the head purser's gaze from the front-row seat in the cruise ship's theater to the stage, where the new crew members stood huddled under the lights like performing sheep, waiting for their onboard induction. "I'm not sure I'd call any of them hotties," she whispered, feigning lack of interest. Truth was, the tall male dancer was definitely hot. Even the way he stood, like a cat about to pounce, sent a thrill though her. Michaela couldn't help the blush that stole up her neck. "We should stop it, Felly, someone might hear."

"Sorry," Felicity sighed. "It gets to me sometimes. You know, the romantic setting, the heat, the short, tight uniforms..."

Michaela's laughter was real this time as her friend fell into a mock swoon. "Come on, let's get this over with." She stood, smoothing down her dress uniform, the neat navy blazer with gold braid emphasizing the lean line of her body. "Smiles on."

She stole another look at the hottie as she stepped onto the stage and launched into her practiced speech.

"Good morning, everyone." One hundred heads turned toward her, one hundred dewy, expectant faces looked up at her, and one expectant face in particular seemed to look with careful interest. A face with green eyes like the clear Pacific Ocean and a slow smile that was making her heart beat far too quickly. Michaela forced herself to take a controlling breath. "Welcome to the Pacific Empress, and welcome-" She paused for effect. "-to our family."

As she went through her standard spiel, Michaela kept noticing those emerald eyes on her. Pinpricks of tension again whispered over her skin. Enough already, she scolded herself and turned her head to block any part of him from her view. The tension faded. She stood straighter as she continued.

This was her sixth year working in the cruise industry, her second year on this ship. Perseverance, skill, and luck had landed her this position. She was the only woman to hold the cruise director job in the entire Adventurer Cruises fleet. The work had taken its toll, though. The hours were long, the focus it required extreme. She knew it sometimes made her snappish-even cold-with her staff.

When she first started, she'd been after a new challenge-a challenge and a bit of adventure, promising herself she'd stay in the cruise business for five years max. She'd met too many people who had been onboard for too long, and it had sapped something vital out of them. You could see the strain in their faces.

Now here she was, six years later and with the top job. An international management position back on land was next on her wish list, but it would be hard to leave such a good setup. No one was exactly falling over themselves offering her anything better, and having had a taste of life in the cruise business, Michaela sometimes wondered whether a desk job would be drab in comparison.

"I know this is the fulfillment of a long-held dream for many of you, and you're right to be excited. The Pacific Empress is not just any ship," she said. "This is a new life. A new world. A world where you will be part of other people's dreams. A world where you'll see Pacific Island life up close, swim in perfect waters, and work tirelessly with amazing people."

"I'll take over from here. Thank you, Cruise Director."

Michaela jumped. The man behind her had appeared out of nowhere. Gold-encrusted epaulettes covered his shoulders, and his white uniform was starched so heavily, it probably stood up all by itself. Damn.

She covered the microphone. "What are you doing down here? I mean, you're more than welcome, sir, but are you sure you want to take over? I've only just started."

The captain nodded tightly and held his hand out for the microphone. His dismissive expression made her wince, but her professional veneer was practiced, and she kept her smile firmly fixed. She turned back to the new recruits. "One of those amazing people, in charge of your safety and mine, is your captain. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Captain Atkinson."

A few people clapped as the captain flashed his own brilliant smile at the new crew. "Thank you. You can just stand there for now," he said quietly before taking the microphone.

Felicity rolled her eyes behind the captain's back, but Michaela tried to keep her face neutral. Bastard. Why did he always make her feel small?

Because he can. Suck it up.

The captain's briefing was more an account of his own heroics than anything useful, and Michaela almost itched with the desire to get out of the theater. But he'd told her to stand there, so stand there she would.

Without her speech to concentrate on, she found her eyes wandering around the lofty theater. As if drawn by some supercharged magnet, they searched out the new recruit again. He was staring at her.

Shit. She did not need to start anything with one of her crew. She didn't need to start anything, period. She'd fought hard for her independence and position and had built a reputation for not playing around, which she intended to keep.

Dragging her eyes away from green depths that promised, well, anything she wanted, she focused on the captain. It didn't help. Standing in such close proximity to the man who had almost ruined her while feeling the heat of another man's gaze was enough to make a girl need a drink.

The captain finished his very abbreviated description of passenger boarding protocol and turned to Michaela. "Anything I've missed, Cruise Director?"

She started to shake her head, then wondered if this was a test. She'd show him. Taking the microphone he proffered, she said, "Thank you, Captain. Just a quick note about onboard romances. Hopefully I won't ever have to mention this again." She felt the captain stiffen beside her. It was usually up to team leaders to warn new crew of the dangers of being caught with their pants down, but with the captain beside her she felt she needed to say...something.

"I cannot stress how seriously breaches of this protocol are looked upon. Relationships with passengers are strictly prohibited by your employment contracts, and affairs with fellow crew usually end badly. Remember, you're going to be in the middle of the ocean. If you break up, there's nowhere to go."

The crew giggled, but the captain gave her a cold look and grabbed the microphone out of her hand. "Of course we want your time with us to be enjoyable. So remember, if you're having a bit of good, safe fun, the passengers will be too. Make the most of any shore time you get. Rest when you can, eat healthily and in good time, and remember-" He smiled. "-you're living in paradise."

Everyone cheered and clapped.

"Dismissed," he said. The crowd started to disperse, the low drone of all those excited voices echoing around the theater.

Captain Atkinson flicked the microphone switch to off and handed it back to her. "I'm not sure that was strictly necessary, Michaela. Let's allow them their moment of romantic bliss for at least one day, shall we?"

"Certainly, sir." She bit her lip to stop the words she wanted to say from escaping.

"I hope that last point wasn't directed at me? I thought we were beyond all that."

"Of course, sir."

"Good." He started to turn away, about to leave, then stopped and raised a dark eyebrow at her. "Sorry I had to take over, but one of the new girls in admin is the daughter of someone at head office. Wanted to make sure she reported back that we're all shipshape."

You don't trust me, you mean.

"I would have thought that leaving the cruise director to do her job would have made that impression more effectively than you stepping in. Sir."

The statement came from behind her, spoken in a deep, low voice. When Michaela turned to discover its owner, she was hit by a blast of the same green eyes that had been unsettling her all morning. She caught her breath. Close up, he was even sexier than she'd realized.

The dancer stepped forward so he stood beside her, but she moved just a little to make sure the spark she felt didn't get any hotter.

"And you are?" The captain almost spat. He wasn't used to being spoken to like that. Mr. Green Eyes had better watch it.

"Dylan Johns, new dancer. I don't mean to intrude, but I overhead you and couldn't help myself."

The captain bristled, but Dylan seemed almost bored, his face a nonchalant mask Michaela couldn't read. The newbie was ballsy, she'd give him that.

"We like to follow the chain of command around here." The captain turned to Michaela, ignoring Dylan completely. "I happen to know the girl's father likes a man in charge. I was making sure he's confident we've got everything under control. Cruise Director." Captain Atkinson clicked his heels together, military style, and spun sharply on his polished white shoe before marching out of the theater, his lurking subordinates following at his heels.

Michaela's cheeks burned with indignation. Bloody Atkinson, saying she wasn't up to the job because she was a woman.

"Time to go," she snapped at Felicity. Grabbing her friend's arm, she practically dragged her out of the theater and away from Mr. Green Eyes before he could add to her embarrassment.

"What was that about?" Felicity hissed as they left.

"What was what about?"

Innocent, much?

"Your 'Thou shalt not have a good time, boys and girls' speech. I know you don't go there, but that was pretty full on."

"Oh." Michaela shrugged, relieved. "Why not be clear about boundaries from the get-go?"

"You were thinking of that delectable guy from admin and giving yourself a firm telling off for having unprofessional thoughts, weren't you?" Felicity's grin was devilish.

"Admin?" Michaela blushed, the green-eyed new staff member springing to mind. The green-eyed dancer.

She almost laughed as the realization hit her. Come on, he's a male dancer! Might as well be attracted to a tropical palm tree for all the good it would do. "Oh, yes, the dark one from admin," she said. "I was probably letting him seduce me subconsciously." She winked at Felicity, hoping that would be an end to it.

Felicity smiled. "It was a good cover. No one is going to suspect you when he's found tied up in his stateroom with whipped cream covering his chest."

"Felicity!" Michaela felt the blush right down to her toes. "You know very well I would never! And he's not all that edible, anyway."

"Rightio." Felicity chortled. "If you don't want him, be sure and let me know. He gave me a filthy little smile in the middle of your tirade. I'm sure I can find space for him within my male menu. And I think his chocolate good looks would go perfectly with cream."

Michaela let her jaw drop open in mock horror, then got infected by the glint in Felicity's eye and laughed. It was good to have a girlfriend on board. Despite Felicity being so much younger and far more of a good-time girl than Michaela, it was fun to laugh with another woman and know she wouldn't be made to pay for it later in some subtle way.

Michaela looked at her watch. It was definitely time to be more of a good-time girl herself instead of letting her career aspirations dictate her every move. "Six o'clock. Cocktail hour?"

"I thought you'd never ask."

...

This first night was a time for the new crew to get adjusted to their onboard surroundings-for people to meet properly, have briefings, and make plans. But Michaela's core team were all repeat contractors. The only new crew on her staff were the entertainers. Those dancers and singers would be busy for some hours yet, working with the choreographer and checking costumes. Felicity was equally lucky to be working with an experienced crew.

"I'm thinking a chocolate mudslide might be in order," Felicity said as she slid onto the bar stool next to Michaela.

"I was hoping for an Emerald Dream," Michaela said, picturing the eyes that the fruity cocktail with a generous shot of Midori would perfectly accompany.

"Whatever takes your fancy."

Michaela felt herself relax as the sun started its gentle softening over the edge of the sea, right in front of the poolside bar. "It is beautiful really, isn't it?" she asked.

"Living onboard a magnificent cruise ship? Sailing around the Pacific Islands all day? Come on, you know it's a bit of a gift. How many people get to watch the sun set over the ocean every day?"

As she took a sip of her drink, Michaela had to admit it was rather magnificent-her drink and the view. She gazed into the cocktail and thought again about the man with the dreamy eyes she'd met in the theater.

"Cruise Director?" A deep male voice brought her gaze up, and a pair of very real green eyes looked down at her.

Keep it together, girl. She nodded coolly at Mr. Green Eyes.

"The others are still in wardrobe, but my costumes are a bit small. Your seamstress didn't believe how tall I was. They're letting out the seams."

You look the perfect height to me.

Michaela's whole body tingled as she gazed up into his strong-featured face. He stood just in front of the setting sun, and the light haloed his hair, but the angelic effect was out of place with the hard jaw, the firm shoulders, and the very male way he looked at her. He pushed his hand through his dark hair, and she had to fight the urge to brush a fallen tendril off his temple.

Unlike his costumes, his uniform fit perfectly, the tunic emphasizing the broadness of his shoulders, the navy pants accentuating his long legs and smoothing out neat and tight over his obviously very firm butt. The white and navy suited his coloring, too, and after a few weeks onboard the light olive of his face and hands would turn an even warmer tone.

Damn. Hot.

His eyes glittered as he waited for her response. If she'd met him in a bar, she would have sworn he was interested. But as he turned his head to watch a male crew member walk by, Michaela reminded herself he was a dancer. She'd met dozens of male dancers in her six years on cruise ships, and she could count the number of straight ones on one hand. With fingers left over.

He's almost certain to be gay.

The shiver of disappointment that ran through her surprised her.

"You getting on okay with all the boys on board?" Felicity asked innocently.

"Sure, they seem like a good bunch," he said, apparently missing Felicity's barely veiled innuendo.

Yet there was something in the way he carried himself that defied the stereotype. He had a self-assuredness and something more, a hunger. The way he looked at her...

No, that's just your ego looking for a compliment, Ms. Western.

"I was told to come and find you," he said. "Anything I can do while they sort out my costumes?"

"I know what he could do for me," Felicity muttered under her breath, and Michaela felt the blush rise in her again.

"Not right now..." She looked at his gold name badge as if he'd never introduced himself. "...Dylan. Just be at the staff meeting seven thirty sharp tomorrow morning." Michaela turned her back on him and took a long pull on her cocktail straw.

After a moment, she heard him turn and leave.

"So that's Dylan," Felicity said. Michaela turned to her, confused. "Don't you remember? You showed me your personnel list. He's the one who's thirty-two, isn't he? Certainly makes a nice change to have a man on your team rather than just boys and girls. Not that it makes any difference to you, of course," she purred. "As you are a woman of virtue and high morals. Oh, and his boss."

Michaela held the shock down in her stomach. Surely her face wasn't giving her away? But hearing Dylan's name spoken so lasciviously by Felicity made him sound anything but unattainable. And him in his thirties, the same age as her...

Oh, stop it.

She was his boss. Dylan Johns was out of bounds.

Chapter Two

Dylan left the pool deck and made his way toward his stateroom at the bottom of the ship. The cruise director certainly had a reputation of being chilly for a reason. The lecture she'd given earlier, and then her abrupt dismissal. What was her problem?

And what was his? He hadn't been able to keep his eyes off her in the theater. When she'd stood, her authority had been obvious. The firm set of her luscious mouth announced she was used to people doing her bidding, yet when she'd smiled he'd wanted to sit with her a while and share a joke. Striding forward and speaking into the microphone, she had relaxed her shoulders, thrusting out her small bust, and he'd found himself thinking of how she would feel beneath his hands. Taut and warm.

Calm down. She was the one who gave the "don't get involved at sea" speech, remember?

This was a woman who knew how to project confidence and lead a team. Moreover, it looked like she knew what she wanted and was quite capable of getting it. So why had she been so cold to him? All that control seemed at odds with the wall she'd put up when they'd spoken by the pool.

Something similar had happened with the captain in the theater. His arrival had thrown her for a moment. Interesting.

There was definitely more going on there. Captain Atkinson had seemed to relish rubbing the cruise director's nose in it.

Why do you care?

Maybe the captain reminded him of Brian.

Or maybe you're hoping the cruise director will reward your valiant efforts to defend her.

Good one. Look how well that had turned out with Lily. He'd gotten his sister-in-law all confused and his brother furious.

"Shows what good comes from doing the right thing," he muttered.

Well, he was here now, giving everyone some space. Including himself. His thoughts flicked back to the hour before. The ship's auditorium had sparkled under its stage lights, its gold pillars towering above them on each side of the proscenium arch. The new crew standing on stage had seemed tiny in comparison to their setting, and a number of them talked in whispers, awed and excited by the size and grandeur of the five-hundred-seat auditorium.

Dylan lacked their sense of awe, and his excitement mixed with a hesitation that still scratched at his thoughts. Is this a good idea? For the twentieth time, he wondered if he was doing the right thing taking these three months off and leaving Brian at the helm of the business.

He's not at the helm. Mom is there. It's her company.

He stopped walking and leaned against a railing, looking out over the harbor. The sun warmed and relaxed him. Yes, he was definitely doing the right thing.

"You been dancing for a while, then?" asked a new voice from behind him. Dylan turned and recognized another dancer he'd met earlier.

"No, first contract," Dylan said, and then added, "on this boat" when he saw confusion play over the remarkably pretty face of the other man. Straightening, Dylan put his business face on, making sure he projected an aura of experience. No one would believe this was the first time he'd done this at his age. Heck, judging by his face, the other dancer couldn't be much older than eighteen.

"Oh, cool. I'm so excited. Aren't you? These routines are so sharp, and we're going to be working around the Pacific Islands!"

Dylan forced a smile that turned into a real one when he thought of what Brian would say if he could see him now. A dancer? What, you're gay after all?

Dylan chuckled. He hadn't bothered telling Brian what he was doing with his time off. He'd never understood his brother's hostility toward the profession their mother had cherished early on in her life. Sure, some of the guys involved were a bit over the top, but so what? And anyway, not everyone was like that.

His cell buzzed in his pocket, and he pulled it out without thinking.

"I turned mine off when I came on board. Not going to be much use soon," the young dancer said.

"It works in port. We're not underway yet..." Dylan read the other dancer's gold name badge. "...Jake."

He tapped the screen a few times and scanned the new message from Brian.

Don't ever get married. Lily's being a nag.

His good humor evaporated. "Bastard."

"Nasty breakup?"

"Something like that." Dylan gritted his teeth and shoved the phone back in his pocket.

"That's the way. Out of sight, out of mind."

If only it were that easy.

"I'm so looking forward to getting to know everyone," Jake said. He gave Dylan a lascivious wink.

Dylan rolled his eyes. It really shouldn't bother him that everyone was going to assume he was gay. Maybe he was more like Brian than he realized.

No. I'll never be like him. I'll just put everyone right quickly, make my sexuality a non-issue, and move on. These next three months are all about doing my own thing.

The cruise director stalked past them, and he admired the way her uniform molded to her body. Her long golden hair swished as she walked. Dylan wondered what the soft strands would feel like across his naked chest.

Nope, he was definitely not gay.

He smiled again. Brian might be a bastard, but he'd made this break happen. Perhaps Dylan would find more than tropical seas and the rigor of dancing to treat himself with. A flash of sunlight reflected through a window, thinning the opacity of the cruise director's skirt and outlining her long legs.

Oh man, she shouldn't hide under all that stiff fabric.

Perhaps sensing his gaze, she turned. Her eyes flashed at him, and he smirked. He'd need to pick and choose who he associated with carefully while onboard. Starting a flirtation with someone he knew nothing about was probably not a good idea, given that he'd lied his way into the audition. Not to mention the woman was his boss.

He did always like a challenge, though. The smirk turned to a full-blown smile. Nothing like a romance to make a holiday complete. No one would be expecting anything long-term on a cruise ship.

Without the tension of the boardroom to focus on, perhaps he could put his energies into winning in the bedroom. Winning in the cruise director's bedroom. Maybe her wall of ice just needed a real man to melt it.

"See you later," he mumbled to Jake and headed for the stern deck. If the cruise director could enjoy the last shards of sunlight, so could he.

Beside the stern pool, he lay back in a deck chair with a beer bought from the bar and sighed.

The hard lump he sat on reminded him of Brian's message. He took the phone out and read it again. Don't ever get married. Lily's being a nag.

What an ass.

On this occasion, though, he had to agree with his brother. Marriage never worked out for anyone.

Not that he needed to deal with that for the next three months at least. Relishing the sun on his face, Dylan closed his eyes and let the gentle sway of the ocean and the hum of the cruise ship's motors lull him into a pleasant doze.

...

Maybe it was the three cocktails, or maybe it was today's confrontation with the captain, but Michaela's head churned as she lay in bed. So much for an early night.

"Get a grip, girl."

Throwing her legs over the side of her small bed, she gave up on sleep and decided a walk on the deck was the thing to calm her.

Night had just closed in over the harbor, and Michaela relished the cool of the evening. A full moon sat fat and replete in the sky. Perhaps that's what had brought her up here-it was time to break the spell of her own onboard werewolf.

The captain really was a werewolf, charming one minute, then all claws and vicious remarks the next. Why oh why had she ever let him talk her into bed with him?

"Clearly a moment of weakness," she told the ocean.

"I wouldn't have thought you had any of those."

Michaela jumped. What was with people sneaking up on her today? "Who's there?"

"I didn't mean to give you a fright. I'm over here. On the deck chairs."

Squinting in the dim light, Michaela made out a long, lean form stretched over a chair, but she didn't need to see his face to recognize the deep voice of Dylan Johns. Just thinking of the way his body would look sprawled out in a deck chair made the palms of her hands tingle. Wasn't that a sign of madness? Cocktail reaction. Definitely.

"I don't bite. Well, not unless I'm asked to. Come on, the moon is magnificent over the water. Sit for a bit."

"I came up to clear my head. Think I'll keep walking. Thanks all the same," she said stiffly.

"Suit yourself." He paused. "Must be hard work being a woman at the top. The captain sure seems to like making your life tough."

Michaela's eyebrows ratcheted upwards. Sympathy? She felt a little lighter, as if someone had lifted a bag off her back.

Hang on. "I'm not sure the captain would appreciate you talking about him like that."

"He's not here, though, is he? Or did I read you wrong? Do you like being trodden all over by your superiors?"

This didn't fit. Michaela struggled to make sense of what was happening through the haze of three cocktails and not enough sleep. "No, of course not." She changed tack. "What are you doing out here?"

"Dozed off earlier. When I woke up, it seemed a shame to go below decks. I don't get much opportunity to lie around and look at the moon. Sure you don't want to join me?" His voice dropped to a growl that set Michaela's skin humming. "Or do you have some other mystery man to talk to at the other end of the deck?"

Oh, God, he made her sound like a little girl. A little girl who needed someone big and broad to look after her. "No," she said coldly and spun to go.

She banged her shin into a deck chair and was instantly angry with herself for being so clumsy. "Ouch!"

Straight away Dylan was on his feet, steadying her. "Careful. Are you okay?"

"Must be a bit wobbly. I don't usually drink," she said, rubbing her shin. "Damn chair." For a moment she allowed him to hold her and leaned in to his warmth. Oh, nice. Safe. Just the right height for her to rest her forehead on his chest. Just the right breadth to protect her from the wind. His hands fit almost all the way around her waist, and they were stupidly hot. Or was that her skin?

He was the one to pull away, and when he did she missed his touch immediately. "You really should sit down, especially if you've been drinking," he said.

"Okay. I guess I'm not used to walking the decks after dark."

"Maybe you should do it more often. Moonlight suits you."

"Does that line work on other women?" Michaela asked, then immediately wanted to slap her forehead at her own stupidity. Most likely, there were no other women.

Dylan only laughed. She accepted his hand and limped to a deck chair, careful to choose one at a bit of distance from his. His energy was potent, and even in the semidarkness the angular planes of his face made her want to stroke his cheek. God, how embarrassing, being attracted to a man who had literally no interest in her.

Michaela lay back in the deck chair, trying to copy his relaxed posture, and took a deep breath to stop her head spinning. Maybe talking to him was a good idea. She had to do something to get the captain out of her thoughts, or she'd be even snappier with everyone than she'd been this last week. Dylan was new, and she'd already bitten off his head a couple of times on his first day. "Sorry for being so short with you earlier. You're right, the captain got to me."

"I'm not surprised. What an ass."

Michaela stifled a giggle. "You really shouldn't talk like that. It'll get you fired."

"You're not going to fire me, are you?"

"Not right now."

He was good. She was already smiling.

She liked the way his hands were still. He didn't fidget. He was calm, considered, a grown up, and he was giving her his full attention. Michaela realized no one on the boat except Felicity had given her that common courtesy without being under orders.

"Okay then." He paused, and she looked fixedly at the moon so he wouldn't catch her gazing at his profile. "We could have one of those special relationships. Think of me as your doctor. You know, patient confidentiality and all that. Get it off your chest."

Michaela almost snorted. "You're not a doctor."

"True. I could be your lawyer, then."

"You're not a lawyer, either."

"How do you know? I could have studied law but done something else with my life."

"Did you?"

Dylan seemed to catch himself. "No. I'm a dancer."

"So there's every chance you'll go gossiping everything I say to everyone."

That got him. His tone seemed stiffer when he replied. "I'm not a teenage girl. But you're right, you have no reason to trust me. Except of course that you're my boss and could fire me just because I looked at you funny."

"I wouldn't do that." Even in the moonlight she could see he was smiling again. His eyes crinkled when he grinned. Nice.

"Good." He paused. "So where were you before you got started in this business?"

"I was in the music industry."

"Perfect. Step up and sideways, but not too far out of the box."

"Thanks." He got it, straight away. Michaela was impressed.

They chatted for a while, and Michaela was surprised at how easy she felt in his company. Like him, she was actually lounging in a lounge chair, relishing the evening air, simply gazing at the moon. When was the last time she'd done any of that? Dylan put her at ease like no one she'd met in...too long. Without meaning to, she told him about her career, moving on from the music business, landing her first job on a cruise ship, swiftly moving up the ranks until her boss had become ill and she had won the cruise director position after only four years at sea. He nodded and made all the right noises, dropping in brief anecdotes about himself every now and then. Her shoulders relaxed, and she closed her eyes a moment. It was good to be outside, to let her hair down.

"So what's next?" he asked.

"I want it all," she said with unusual candidness. "The career, money, family, everything. But for now it's all about my career. I'm going to be off this boat and managing an international team in a year's time, no matter what the captain thinks."

"Good for you." He paused. "So what did you do to the captain?"

Her eyes snapped open. The moon's reflection quivered on the water. It was a beautiful sight. A beautiful night. What the hell.

"I haven't told anyone this. You have to swear it's between us."

"On my honor."

"I slept with him."

"I can see why he's so riled," he said dryly.

Michaela laughed. "Then I ended it."

"Ah."

"He was the one who was married, but apparently I should have known that and just made sure I was discreet. Now he never misses a chance to rub my face in it, even though he lied through the whole thing and then denied he ever led me on."

"So today's warning to leave it alone with the crew..."

"If someone had given me that warning, it might have been easier for me."

Michaela shuddered at how close she'd come to gushing about Captain Atkinson at the interview for her current position. How was she supposed to have known he was married and that his wife worked for Adventurer Cruises head office? Every time she saw his face now, she remembered the look he'd given her in the interview-the silent, deadly I-never-said-I-loved-you look. Just in time she'd gotten it, seeing the wedding band that had miraculously reappeared on his finger. Just in time, she'd seen the way he curled his body around the recruitment woman as he pulled out her chair and heard the way she called him "darling"...

"And now he's enjoying lording the affair over you every chance he gets?" Dylan's low tone invited her to go on.

"It's a constant battle. Whenever I bring up issues that female passengers might have or if I request anything he decides is only necessary because someone made the mistake of putting a woman in this job, he rolls his eyes. It took me three months to get my request for a uniform that included a skirt past him and in to head office."

"Short man syndrome," Dylan said firmly.

"What? He's not that short."

"No, but it's the same thing. He feels like you've taken his power away, so he's going to make damn sure you know he's in charge. My brother is a bit like that."

A sense of business. This one was smarter than her usual intake, that was certain. "You sure you're just a dancer?"

He hesitated before replying. "Of course. There's politics everywhere."

True. Michaela shook her head.

"Don't let him wear you down. He'll just think he's won and make things even harder for you. You're clearly a smart woman. Give him enough rope to hang himself. You won't have to lift a finger, and you'll still win."

"Just suck it up, you mean?"

"I didn't say that. You don't have to let him walk all over you. Just politely put him in his place, but not so he loses face."

It wasn't bad advice.

"Feel any better?"

Michaela smiled. She did. "You're a good listener." A wonderful listener. "Don't go making the same mistake I did." She bit her lip and tried to be magnanimous. "And if one of those boys has already claimed you, I don't want to hear about it."

"I'm not gay."

Thank God it was dark, because she was fairly sure her jaw actually dropped. She recovered herself enough to speak. "Of course, I wouldn't assume..."

"It's okay. I am a dancer, I know. No one in the dance team believes me, either."

"I didn't mean... I hope you don't think... Well, thanks for listening to me rant on. I better go." Michaela stood, almost hitting her leg again in her hurry and embarrassment.

Shit. Shit. Oh, shit.

Had she really just offended the guy who now knew her stupid secret? The guy who was a wonderful listener, gave good advice and...and what? And made her feel like more of a woman than she had in a long time.

"Welcome again, anyway," she said.

Welcome again? What sort of lousy line was that?

Don't make this more than it is.

"I won't tell anyone," Dylan said.

Breathe in, breathe out, you're in control, you're in charge. She recited her mantra.

"I should hope not. You promised you wouldn't." Michaela tried to convey authority with her tone, but it was a little hard after she'd just spilled her guts to him.

And blushed uncontrollably when you found out he wasn't gay.

She thanked the gods again that it was dark.

"I never break a promise."

"Good."

Deep breath in, deep breath out, no need to go into a spin because he's a wonderful listener, insanely hot, and apparently available.

"See you tomorrow, first thing." Michaela threw the comment over her shoulder as she walked off with as much dignity as she could muster. She'd just have to hope he was true to his word-and that, in the future, she could keep her reactions more under control.

Chapter Three

"Stupid, stupid."

If it hadn't been sure to make her deputy suspicious, Michaela would have beaten her head on her desk the next morning. Spilling everything to a dancer she'd only just met? What an idiot.

"I'm never drinking again," she promised.

There was little time to wallow, though. This was a busy job. She hadn't been laying it on thick for the new recruits for nothing.

"Coming to rehearsal, Michaela?"

George, the choreographer, burst into her office as if he was on stage. Despite her hangover and the mortification of what she'd told Dylan the night before, Michaela couldn't help smiling.

Buck up, girl.

Dylan had promised he wouldn't say anything, and the captain couldn't lord their tryst over her forever. In fact, Dylan's advice made as much sense in the light of day as it had in the moonlight. Taking this job had been her choice-her choice to try and prove herself in this sea of men. The captain was bound to do something stupid enough to mess up his career all on his own. Time to get on with it and leave the captain to destroy himself.

George did a little dance with a spare chair, and Michaela laughed. He was a hard taskmaster, but he produced wonderful results, giving the Pacific Empress a reputation as the best in the business.

"Sure," Michaela said. "I'll come see what the slave master has created."

He took her hand and guided her around the edge of her desk, spreading kisses from her fingers to her elbow in exaggerated French style.

"Those poor boys and girls, are they exhausted yet?" she asked.

"No, but they soon will be," he said triumphantly. "These twelve-day cruises are a bit of a killer-so many routines to learn with a show on every night. I almost feel sorry for the poor little babies. But I have a special treat this time. Did you arrange it for me? That Dylan is hardly a baby. And he's lovely, so big and strong."

Michaela straightened at the mention of Dylan's name. "Only the best for you, George."

"Thanks for trying, but you got it completely wrong. It's such a shame." George paused, waiting for her response, but when she said nothing, he clarified, "He's straight, darling."

Michaela cocked her head and raised an eyebrow. George didn't need to know she'd already found that out for herself.

"I knew it as soon as I saw him. I can always tell. Straight as a fence post. But at least he's nice about it. The other two boys don't believe him, but they'll soon be put right. The girls are over the moon, of course." George sighed. "It's all going to be in vain, though, you mark my words. This one is a man, and he won't put up with the pantings of little boys and girls. He'll need a woman."

"Not on this ship," Michaela said despite herself.

"I think you're absolutely right, my dear. That one's got a hard edge, despite his floppy touchable hair. He'll keep himself to himself, and I'll be mopping up tears from everyone as they work out that he wants none of them." He raised a hand to his forehead and winked at Michaela.

It was just foolish gossip, but nonetheless she felt a flutter in her heart.

...

"All right everyone, are we ready?"

George and Michaela were up front, viewing from the audience. This was the full dress rehearsal, and George always tried not to interrupt the run if he could possibly help it. The dancers had been taught the routines onshore, but today was the first time that all the elements came together, including the dancers, the live music and singers, and the set.

"Okay then, bandmaster. Take us away," George called and sat back in his seat.

The band started up, a soaring number with orchestral strings and a fabulous cello part played on the bandmaster's keyboard. Her heart was swept up with the incredible music to a point somewhere close to the center of the high-arched theater ceiling. Her head swayed, and she wanted nothing more than to be pulled up into someone's arms and swung around the stage. Someone with a broad chest at the perfect height for her to rest her head on. Someone just like Dylan Johns.

Stop it. You're working.

The stage began to brighten, and in among the props Michaela discerned the smallest amount of movement. "Oh," she gasped. Two statues were actually people, painted white and now moving through the set.

"You like?" George's grin flashed brightly even in the dimmed light of the audience. "That Dylan makes a better statue than anything made of stone," he whispered.

He was right. Dylan's perfectly ripped stomach muscles could have been made of marble, and the set of his jaw under this lighting was heroic. He was simply pure man. Michaela's eyes almost licked his body as Dylan moved lithely to grasp one of the female dancers and toss her effortlessly into the air. The two of them glided through a duet, elegant and athletic. It was the single sexiest thing she'd seen in a long time. A memory of being forced to attend ballet lessons as a child flooded back to Michaela, but this was nothing like the stilted recitals she remembered. This was hard, fast, and delicious-and definitely not just for little girls. As she watched Dylan's muscles ripple through each move, she shook her head.

"How do they get out of all that makeup in time for the next number?" she asked.

"It's only makeup on the face. It's a skintight sheath over the rest of them-barely opaque."

"Oh," Michaela said, suddenly disappointed. She had visions of the body paint coming off on her hands as she stroked Dylan's torso.

"Where did you find him?" George asked.

"He was given to me."

"Well, you should thank your guardian angel. He is going to make my life such a lovely one, and in return I'm going to produce the most amazing dance works you have ever seen. This ship is going to be famous, darling."

Michaela felt the smile settle over her like warm sand, and she relaxed into the rest of the performance. Clapping and cheering when the other numbers were performed, she enjoyed the whole spectacle as the six dancers built up into a frenzy of French cabaret complete with electric cancan and acrobatics as the boys tossed the girls around.

At the end, George grabbed her hand and dragged her up onto the stage. The two of them applauded the dancers, singers, and band.

"Spectacular, darlings. Jake, you were a bit off in that second piece, but we needed you to be out of time, otherwise how would we have a spectacular opening night? Thank you, sweet thing." George waved his hand enthusiastically. One of the shorter male dancers blushed beneath his makeup.

"I didn't even notice," Michaela said, her mind full of the thrill of the show. She felt uncharacteristically magnanimous.

"You hear that? Our cruise director thought you were beyond wonderful. And that's huge. She only gives out praise when it's absolutely necessary."

"I don't believe that," said a strong male voice.

Michaela looked up.

"I think she just knows a good thing when she sees it," Dylan said defiantly.

George laughed. "Perhaps you're right. You were wonderful, all of you. I feel a little dance coming on myself. Bandmaster, give us something to celebrate!"

The band kicked into a sassy rumba, and George grabbed a young dancer and led her through a hip-wiggling routine. The band showed no sign of slowing down, so the other two boys grabbed the twins who made up the rest of the dance team and joined in. That left Michaela standing about awkwardly until Dylan took her hand and pulled her into his chest, just like she'd pictured. Her head was at the perfect height to rest on his broad pecs, and his hand encased her smaller one completely. Somehow he managed to part her legs a little with his own, and soon her groin was pressed into his as they swayed to the music.

Breathe in, breathe out, you're in control, you're in charge.

Her mantra didn't work. In fact, the proximity to him made her nervous and clumsy. It had been well over a year since the heat of a man had transferred to the skin of her body, and it sure was showing.

Damn, damn. Breathe in, breathe out.

Her awkwardness made her doubly self-conscious. "I'm sorry, sorry," Michaela kept saying as she stumbled and tripped through the steps, even with her legs guided by his and her hand and back held firmly by his large, warm palms.

"Stop apologizing. Let the music take you," Dylan said gruffly. He pushed her out into a twirl before whipping her back into his chest. "That's it. Let your hips go, and relax your shoulders."

He made it sound like she was messing up the steps on purpose. How could one man generate such contradictory emotions in her? Safe and warm in his arms, and yet flustered and out of control at the same time. Michaela tried, but she didn't feel like she was getting it at all, especially as the thrill of being in Dylan's arms threatened to turn her whole being to jelly. And she felt even worse when she looked up for a second and saw the other dancers performing spectacular triple spins and lifts.

"You don't have to do flashy moves for a dance to be good," Dylan said. For the first time, she looked up into those green eyes at close quarters. They might as well have been dynamite for the effect they had on her concentration.

She'd never seen eyes like his before-light liquid at the center, with a ring of deep blue-green, almost aquamarine, on the outside. They really were like the Pacific Ocean. Framed by his light olive face, the color was brilliant-luminous, even-and entirely unsettling. She stumbled yet again.

But as the music continued, she did relax a little and found that she stopped thinking so much about the steps, instead following Dylan's lead. Her proximity to his body, coated as it was in a layer of perspiration, sent shivers up her spine.

By the time the music stopped, all her muscles hummed with warmth, and she found she was actually enjoying herself. Sheesh, with her determination to be taken seriously in her senior role, she'd forgotten the simple pleasure of being held by another body

As the last note died away, the others all clapped and cheered, but Michaela found herself dropped into a dip, and Dylan's lips descending over hers.

His mouth was perfect. Hot and soft, yet firm enough to-oh my God, was that his tongue?

As he urged her lips apart, Michaela was torn between falling into the kiss and struggling away from him, but his arms held her tight. Bent over in a low tango dip, she had nowhere to go. His hands were firm behind her head and at the base of her spine and he tilted her head a little more to better access the depths of her mouth.

Damn, it shouldn't be this good.

Her hands on his chest, she thought about beating against his strong pectorals, but as he continued to kiss her all thought of struggling weakened along with her knees. Lucky he was holding her. Just when she thought she might start dripping into a puddle of hot need if the kiss went on any longer, he pulled his mouth back from hers and raised her to standing.

"Wh-what the..." She slapped him hard across the face, even while part of her wanted to pull his head down and kiss him all over again.

"Just proving a point," he said, holding his jaw and smirking at the rest of the crew. Michaela opened and closed her mouth, her blush covering her whole body.

"Not necessary," George said, flashing a warning look at Dylan.

"It wasn't for you," Dylan growled. He looked at the other male dancers.

"That was...completely inappropriate. I could have you up on sexual harassment charges," Michaela finally managed.

"Oh no, oh dear, we don't need that. It was just a simple misunderstanding, wasn't it Dylan?" George asked. He nudged Dylan.

Finally, Dylan's shoulders softened, but the fire didn't go out of his eyes. "Of course," he said. "My apologies."

"There we go. No harm done." George swept in and spun Michaela in a twirl. "Perhaps we'll have you join the entertainment team when you have time off from bossing us all around. You've been hiding a secret talent from me."

No one laughed, and Michaela felt every eye on her as she straightened. "Well done again, everyone," she said, and turned to clap for the bandmaster and his band. "And what a great sound you all have this season." Everyone turned to look up and clap for the band, which was nestled on the upper floor, stage left, looking down over the stage and the audience. "And now," Michaela continued through the thick, awkward tension, "I think it's time for dinner."

"Let's be civilized and shower first," George said. "Not that you show you've even raised a sweat," he said to the twins. "Oh, to simply glow like a girl."

Michaela was still furious both at herself and at Dylan, but with George's concerted effort, the tension eased. "Come on, don't stand about all night," he chided. "Shower, eat, sleep. I want you rested and ready for tomorrow. You're all going to be fabulous." George bustled about like a mother hen, and finally the dancers began to smile again.

"Coming to shower then?"

The question came from a young dancer from London, and Michaela started when she realized it was aimed at Dylan. She tried not to glare at the girl, but Dylan waved her off in any case. "I'll make my own way down, thanks. See you at the canteen."

The dancer pouted her lips, and Michaela saw Dylan nod discreetly in her direction.

"Yes, George is right," Michaela said sharply. "Go eat. The guests are counting on you being amazing, so don't let them down."

Everyone trailed out, but the lingering taste of Dylan on her lips made Michaela slow. Perhaps Dylan felt the same, because he followed her up the stairs. She noticed and stiffened as he came up to her.

"No hard feelings?" he asked.

Oh, an apology of sorts. Why had she thought it would be something else? "Hmm," she managed.

"I just figured it's best to clear these things up." His face gave away nothing.

"Ha! Because everyone throws themselves at you, I guess?" She put a spike in every word.

Dylan shrugged.

"I'm sure a simple conversation would have sufficed."

"I tried that. George was the only one who believed me, I could tell."

"Nonetheless..."

"Yes. Well, sorry." He seemed sincere.

The kiss had been too good, and it was all she could do to stop herself from leaning over and putting a hand to his face. God, what was she thinking?

Michaela tried changing tack. "I really did enjoy the performance. And George is right when he says I don't give out compliments easily. You dance very well." She half turned to leave.

"Thank you," Dylan said, putting an arm out to stop her from going.

Was there something else? He wasn't leaving. In fact, it felt like he was stalling to spend more time with her. Perhaps?

She thought about what had happened between them. She'd felt so rigid when they started dancing, she suspected he'd almost given up, but she'd managed to relax and then...then the kiss. It had felt...

The heat of his passion coursed through her body. The kiss had felt too good. Her eyes scanned him again. Damn, he didn't have the right to be so hot, standing there all tall and powerful.

"Thank you," he said, pulling her out of her memory. "For saving me from her."

Michaela stopped in mid thought. "Saving you?"

"That young dancer has been trying to get her hooks into me ever since I said I wasn't gay. I'm sure she's nice," he said a bit too quickly, "but I prefer my women... Well, I prefer women over girls." The words came out a low growl.

That was definitely a well-used pickup line, and Michaela's ego bucked. Of course. She'd simply been a convenient body to help demonstrate his masculinity. Even after she'd told him how she'd been burned by the captain. Even after she'd thought last night that he was...

That he was what? Different?

He wasn't different. And even if he were, what would it matter?

Michaela tried to smooth down her prickles. Why did this man provoke such a rush of emotions in her?

Did you really think you had some special connection because he listened to you rant about your problems?

Maybe. He'd seemed genuinely interested, and what's more, his advice had been pretty good.

Then there was the way he looked at her. The way he held her when they danced. The kiss. That would have been better under moonlight.

Enough, already. He was just a hot guy looking out for number one.

There had been attractive men onboard before. Felicity had once had a filthy-handsome assistant, with bright blue eyes and a charming smile.

But he'd been Felicity's.

There had never been anyone in Michaela's circle of onboard acquaintances who had caused a real reaction before-except the captain. Yes, and what a mistake that had been.

"Finished?" Dylan was still looking down at her.

"Sorry?"

"Have you eaten yet?"

"No. But I'm not eating with you."

He shrugged. "Guess I should shower first anyway."

Michaela clenched her hands at her sides as the image of Dylan under a spray of hot water appeared unbidden her mind's eye. She watched the steam roll off his shoulders as he came out of the shower, the beads of moisture pearling down his smooth skin, the towel dropping in a damp pile on the floor of his stateroom...

Her hands twitched, slick with perspiration.

"Cruise Director?"

"I'll see you later." Michaela forced herself to unclench her hands, but even so, she sighed and followed his long frame with her eyes as it effortlessly ate up the stairs.

No! No, she was not going to think about him in the shower. No, she was not going to eat with him. And no, she was not going to have anything else to do with him.

"Well, as little as possible, anyway," she said as she reminded herself that he was part of her team. The team she saw and worked with every single day.

...

You idiot.

The kiss had seemed like a good idea at the time. The cruise director had appeared to enjoy the dancing, her hips pushed hard up against his. Dropping her into a dip had been an impulse, really, but the fire in her eyes when he released her was plenty more than Dylan had bargained for. Those eyes had been full of fury and-and something even hotter?

Probably not the best way to put the matter to rest quickly and quietly.

Well, it was done now. At least Jake and his mate had backed off completely. Perhaps now that he'd asserted himself so vigorously, he'd be able to calm down and concentrate on dancing and-and what? Winning over Michaela Western, cruise director, for real?

Her name sat like a plump cherry on his tongue.

The kiss had shown him her heat, but their moonlit conversation had shown him her substance, too. Dylan was surprised that she slipped into his mind so easily. This was supposed to be about taking time off from work. Giving Lily and Brian some space. Doing something for himself. It was supposed to be about dancing, not dating. Wasn't that enough of a challenge?

You just want to prove that you can get your boss.

Maybe.

Pursuing his boss might not be a good idea in the real world, but this wasn't his real world. He shook his head. It wasn't just about winning her over to see if he could. Michaela Western was smart, driven, and independent. He wanted her-all of her-pure and simple. No holiday was complete without an affair to remember.

Dylan walked toward the staff canteen on one of the bottom floors of the ship. Passengers probably didn't realize it was there, he thought as he walked through its swinging doors. In fact, they probably wouldn't even smell the food from the canteen, as it and the staff quarters were clumped together in the stern area of the ship and hidden behind heavy double doors.

Dylan saw Michaela walking toward the food queue, and a physical memory of the kiss rippled through him.

Act professional.

He was never like this back home in the boardroom, even when he was hunting down a competitor's assets.

The room was large. Not large enough to accommodate all the crew at one time, but certainly large enough for the hundreds of crew members to eat as their shifts dictated, and at this time of the evening the long tables were mostly full. He took a breath and approached her and the food.

"Hi," he said into her ear, stepping up behind her in the queue.

Michaela jumped. "Stop doing that."

He shrugged. "I don't mean to put you on edge."

She eyeballed him with a tawny glare that met his challenge. Nice.

"That was a quick shower," she said, then wrinkled her nose, sniffed the air, and smirked. "Pretty perfume. Is that vanilla? Or peach? Interesting choice."

Great. Bloody Jake and his girly shower stuff.

"I had to steal some of Jake's shampoo. Smells a bit weird," he said. Dylan watched her face, trying to decipher her thoughts, but after that initial taunt she had thrown her guard back up. Are you just being professional, or do I make you nervous?

He couldn't resist probing her a little. Dylan glanced at the food, looking for a topic to get her talking. "Italian, my favorite," he said.

"It's spinach cannelloni," she stated flatly.

"Great. I'm starving."

"Yes, I guess putting on weight isn't much of a worry for you," she said, patting her trim waistline.

Was she looking for compliments after all? It was his turn to smirk. "You hardly have to worry. You look like you'll never really have a problem with putting on weight. Fit young thing like you." He paused and shook his head. "You didn't tell me your age last night, but maybe you're older than you look. You can't have risen through the ranks fast enough to make it if you really are only in your twenties."

Michaela seemed to search his eyes. "Indeed."

Lazy flirting wasn't going to work. He should have known that-she was smart enough to see right through him. They filled their trays with the piping-hot cannelloni, salad, and juice, and Dylan headed over to the table with the rest of the dancers.

"Coming?" he asked.

It seemed like she was about to refuse when the captain walked in. Scanning the room, Dylan noticed that apart from the seats with the dance team, there was only room at one other table.

"Sure," Michaela said as she stole a glance at the captain.

His hackles rose on her behalf. "No need to let him rattle you, remember."

His words worked-she visibly relaxed.

Great. He'd meant what he said about letting the captain make his own mistakes. He'd wanted to give similar advice to Lily countless times, but it was difficult to tell your sister-in-law that your brother was almost certainly going to hurt her all over again, so he'd bitten his tongue.

Following Michaela to their table, he wanted to put his arm around her, show the captain what he'd missed out on.

Calm down. Too much too soon, and she'll run scared or get the wrong idea.

"So where did you learn to dance like that?" she asked as he sat, interrupting his musing.

This wasn't what he'd been planning. He wanted more of her story, not to be grilled on the half truths he'd told to get onboard. Dylan paused and checked her eyes before continuing. "I've had an old Russian teacher for years. He gives me private lessons."

Hoping to divert her, he asked, "Where are you from originally? Your accent is a bit mixed."

Michaela nodded. "I was born in Wellington, in New Zealand, but my family moved to Canada when I was a teenager. I went back and forth for a while until this job, where I'm back and forth even more."

"Must have been a bit hard."

"Not really. I got the best of both worlds. The small-town freedom of New Zealand and the opportunities of education and work in Canada."

Better. "I guess that's true." Through a mouthful of cheesy pasta, he smiled. "You miss anything from home? Wind through the trees perhaps? Wellington's good for that."

She smiled. "I'm not sure I'd say I missed it, but the big greenbelt up behind where we lived when I was a kid did have a magical quality when the wind whistled through it." Forking up some more pasta, she paused. "My sister and I used to make hideouts and tracks through the macrocarpa pines when we were growing up. We hid secret messages for each other-oh, and for the birds. That's probably the bit I miss most, spending time with my sister."

A sister. Dylan added to his mental list of Michaela's qualities: smart, independent, driven, and values family.

She fixed him with a careful stare. "So you know Wellington, then?" She set her fork down.

"Oh, yes. I..." He stopped himself. He didn't want her getting too close to the truth of his background. "I've done quite a lot of work there. I was living in Sydney most recently. I do sometimes miss the sound of the Wellington wind in the trees, though."

"You'll get used to not hearing the wind in the trees. The music the ocean makes will replace it. You might even like it better. It's a pretty beautiful soundtrack with the slap of the water against the side of the ship, the pull and ping of the rigging on the lifeboats, and the sea birds as we come into port."

Her eyes glazed, as if seeing what she described. There really was something about her that was enticing. Dylan found himself wanting to drag her to bed so he could have her all to himself for a lot longer than dinner.

Soon.

He smiled. Thank goodness she hadn't seemed to notice how he'd fudged where he grew up, or his reluctance to talk about his dance training. Old Mr. Grevorgian had been elated when Dylan told him he was taking a break from work so he could dance for three months. The private lessons from his Russian neighbor over the last ten years had been Dylan's secret release.

Thank goodness Mr. Grevorgian was a masterful teacher-so much so that Dylan had been able to fake his way through the cruise audition.

Dylan searched for other topics to keep Michaela's attention away from his background. "What are the ports like?"

"Some of them are really beautiful. Everyone is always excited about New Caledonia and Fiji, but I love Vanuatu. Oh, and Norfolk Island, too."

"Really?" Everything he'd read about Norfolk Island, the small subsidiary of Australia, had made it seem a bit dowdy. Certainly not the sort of glamorous location he'd assumed a cruise director would be attracted to.

"There are wonderful forest walks and loads of birds. And it's easier to get away from the crowds. I'm not such a fan of all the organized tours. I prefer to go off on my own."

Dylan looked at her. That was exactly the way he felt, but he'd never believed others onboard would feel the same. He had assumed that a love for the shiny gloss of package tours would be inbuilt into the DNA of cruise staff.

If he wasn't careful, he was going to find himself agreeing with everything she said.

You were the one who wanted to talk more.

Yes, but he hadn't figured on enjoying her conversation so much.

He watched his boss as she kept talking. It was obvious she was enjoying the conversation, too. The way she coiled her hair around a finger, the way her body leaned in toward his-her whole posture spoke volumes.

Dylan felt the familiar glow of pride in a job well done.

She was as good as his.

Michaela was shocked at how relaxed she felt. Again. And this was a man who had only minutes ago kissed her in front of her whole entertainment team.

He'd changed into casual clothes after his shower, and the soft hug of his white T-shirt and faded denim shorts made her more aware of his pale-olive skin and toned body.

Dylan's bare arm next to hers was flecked with golden hair, and the muscle underneath the warm skin called out to be touched.

This conflict of attraction and relaxation was alarming, Michaela decided, admitting finally to herself that she was very much affected by Dylan Johns.

"I think I'm going to go again. Do you want another serving?"

His words snapped her out of her reverie. "No, thanks," she said. "I don't have George to make sure I burn every calorie I put between my lips."

He smiled and stood to refill his plate.

Michaela thought about his lips. Oh, she would like to feel those lips again. Her mention of George made her remember their earlier conversation.

He'll need a woman.

She'd be just the woman.

God, no. Dylan might be a great dancer, a good listener, and give good advice but...but what?

But she was his boss.

She looked over at the food line and spotted the captain going up for seconds. What had she ever seen in him? Further up the line, Dylan bent to reach for something, the movement tightening his shorts over his butt. He was so much more of a man than anyone else on board, and he treated her like an adult. It was wonderfully refreshing after spending so much time with all the young kids on her team, who just seemed to want to hide from her.

Dylan Johns. Even his name felt good in her mouth.

Could she?

She didn't have long to go on her contract, and she'd promised herself she'd look for a new placement after this. Michaela looked around her at the world she'd called home for the last six years. The cafeteria's walls weren't dirty so much as worn, the tables scuffed, the floor scratched after so many chairs being pulled out and pushed in over and over.

That's a bit like how I feel.

It was time. Time to move on.

She turned to talk to one of the female dancers at the table, but the girl ducked her head, afraid of talking to her boss.

Am I that scary?

Dylan didn't seem to think so. She looked over at him again.

Jake, the youngest of the male dancers, came up behind him, and his words drifted toward Michaela. "You poor darling," the man said. "How are you holding up? Sorry we haven't rescued you from the cruise director, but no one else wants to sit with her. Thanks for being such a superstar."

Oh, God. They did all think she was cold and heartless.

"No problem," Dylan said. His eyes darted in her direction, and she looked away, not wanting him to know she was listening.

"You're the perfect choice," Jake blurted enthusiastically. "You can sweep her off her feet with your dashing good looks, despite it being a cruel waste. Kissing her was a stroke of genius-unbelievably risky, but genius. She'll leave us all alone in case you leap at her again. I almost died at the look on her face. Perhaps she'll let us get on with our own wonderful pleasure now."

Dylan simply nodded.

A hard knot of anger slowly built inside Michaela.

"I'm just so lucky that Marvin the marvelous is such a wonderful dancer. I think our timing is going to be perfect."

"I'm sure."

Michaela wanted to curl up under the table. It was too much like the conversations the captain would "accidentally" let her overhear. He'd belittle her to other men in his team, but when she confronted him about it, he always claimed to be doing it for her benefit. Michaela had never believed that all the men in his team really needed to be so reassured that having a woman in charge wasn't a threat to their masculinity. And she'd never believed the captain didn't derive enjoyment from knowing she overheard.

"It's so important for one's lover to be able to dance, don't you think?" Jake asked. "I don't think I could ever be with someone who couldn't dance. I did feel for you, having to dance with the boss. The poor woman has two left feet."

"Uh-huh. Must be why I'm single."

"Oh, darling. I think it's because you'll never find a woman who can dance like you. Keep up the good work, though. You're giving us all space to breathe by wooing madam cruise director."

Michaela had heard enough. She shook off her fury and embarrassment as she stood. "Just remembered some paperwork," she muttered to the rest of the table and fled the room.

When would she ever learn? Relationships and cruise ships did not mix.

"It's his damn eyes," she whispered, and sighed. He's not all that. So what if I can't dance? I'm still his boss.

She smiled as she realized the full potential of her own words. She was his boss, and she was going to make sure he knew it.

Chapter Four

"Good afternoon, and welcome to the Pacific Empress!" Michaela's voice, amplified tenfold, echoed over the speakers around the ship.

This was the first cruise of the season, and everyone had energy to spare. Flashes of navy and white appeared from around every corner as crew did last-minute checks, calmed passengers who'd forgotten things, and watched serenely over the security of the enormous ship. Passengers were still streaming aboard, their faces bright and expectant or harried and red, depending on the state of their luggage and children. She rattled through her standard welcome speech, so used to it that she barely needed to concentrate.

Michaela smiled as she thought of Dylan stuck on the meet-and-greet table. That would show him who needed distracting, thinking he was doing everyone a favor keeping her out of their way.

She'd given him the most exhausting job she could think of, one requiring a constant smile and a bucketload of patience as children and parents alike ran around the ship getting lost and scared and overexcited all day long. And that was only the beginning of what she had in store for him. She smirked.

Michaela looked out the window at the land outside and marveled as she always did at how big the ship was. Dwarfing the terminal they were moored beside, the cruise ship's twelve floors were significantly higher than most of the structures close by. People lined the harbor, ogling the ship, and Michaela remembered her own awe when she first set eyes on what was to be her home for so many years.

Even from this height, she could see the envy in some of those faces. The ship was a manifestation of travel and adventure, and Michaela allowed the warm glow of pride to settle around her shoulders. This was an amazing job. She wasn't about to let her strange mixed feelings for some dancer stop her from enjoying every aspect of it.

"Whether this is your first or fiftieth cruise, we know that our entertainment team is going to impress you today," Michaela carried on. "Tonight we have the first of many wonderful stage shows, with dancers and singers from around the world." Fabulously rude dancers, she wanted to add. "There are two showings, and they're always packed, so make sure you get to the theater early to grab a seat. The fun continues after dinner with Dancing Beneath the Stars. This poolside party will kick off at nine thirty p.m. with the band and my entertainment staff. We'll see you there!" She signed off and flicked the switch on the intercom.

"Should be a good cruise." Captain Atkinson was suddenly behind her, and Michaela jumped. What was with him and Dylan sneaking up on her? The rebuke that had formed on her lips went unsaid. She could hardly tell the captain off for being here. It was his bridge.

"It's always a good one," she said, forcing herself to be chirpy and determined to remain this way for the rest of the cruise.

"Good team by the looks of things. Some of those new recruits are top-notch."

Michaela looked quickly at the captain, checking to make sure he wasn't insinuating anything about Dylan, but he wasn't even looking at her. Of course he wasn't insinuating anything.

Breathe in, breathe out.

Her mantra only made her think of Dylan and his thoughtful advice. Why did he have to turn out to be playing her just like the captain had?

The rest of the day was a blur. There were so many things to organize for the rest of the cruise, and the buzz of excitement that the passengers exuded like a cloud seemed to infect her staff.

The first night's party set the tone for the rest of the cruise. Michaela kept busy briefing the band, checking with the various maitre d's that the complimentary fruit kebabs would be ready and with the bar staff that they were primed to serve the night's special cocktail.

"Cool, are these new?"

Michaela turned to see Felicity holding up one of the illuminated cocktail glasses sent over for this trip. "Yes, they light up when you push here. Neat, hey?"

"Guess it makes the cleaner's job of finding empty glasses a lot easier."

Michaela smiled. She hadn't thought of that, but it was a good point.

"Until the batteries run out," Felicity added as she turned the glass over.

"Oh, no, they've got a tiny solar chip."

"Really? Jeez, how much did they cost?" Felicity's eyes were wide.

"I don't know. That's your job, isn't it?"

"Nothing to do with me, that's a head office expense." The two women looked at each other. "Head office" was a ubiquitous concept, usually blamed for anything unexplainable. If passengers complained that their room wasn't quite what they had ordered and there were no other rooms available, the standard "I'll check with head office" was always a get-out-of-jail-free card.

Michaela sometimes felt sorry for the faceless people toiling away in a high rise somewhere in Sydney who were tasked with making sure the scores of Adventurer Cruise ships were organized and well stocked with passengers. Landing a job at head office had been at the top of her wish list when she'd started out with Adventurer Cruises. The captain had laughed at her when she told him, saying she'd need to put in at least two years as cruise director before they'd even consider her, and after the fiasco of their relationship she'd put the idea aside.

It's a powerful job, though. Maybe I could put it back on the list just to show him.

"Head office would definitely be a good career challenge," she said.

"What?"

"Did I say that out loud?"

"You can't leave me." Felicity pouted.

"Oh, I'm not, don't worry. Just dreaming."

She'd been doing too much dreaming lately. Too much by half. If she really was going to get off this ship in the next couple of months, she needed an impeccable performance record. Anything less and the captain would have an excuse not to give her the reference she'd need.

"At least they did an excellent job with their recruitment this time," Felicity said, pulling Michaela out of her thoughts. "My chocolate man is doing a fine job, and your dancer seems to have the passengers eating out of his hand." Felicity pointed to Dylan, who was accompanying a large group of women-a hen party, Michaela thought with a pang of...jealousy?

The women were fussing over his uniform, sneaking little touches of the simple gold strand that decorated his lapels and giggling. Unlike in her imagination, Dylan didn't look harried at all. He took the hand of one woman-the bride-to-be, undoubtedly-and raised it to his lips in mock subservience. Then he winked at the group and made his excuses before leaving.

The feeling of those hands on her waist washed over Michaela, and the thought of those lips covering hers sent a shiver of something hot and hurried through her whole body.

For a moment, Michaela was back in Dylan's arms. They were on the stage, picked out in a spotlight as he whirled her around. There was no awkwardness between them-Michaela could feel the rhythm of the music rather than having to listen to the beat, and the two of them were in perfect harmony. As the last note of the song hushed away, Dylan pulled her closer, and again his lips hovered over hers...

"Oh." Michaela let out a small whimper.

"What's that?"

Felicity was still standing next to her, and Michaela shuddered at the thought of what else she might have said if she'd let her daydream continue any further. That kiss had affected her far more than she wanted to admit. "Nothing," she said to Felicity.

Yes, nothing. Nothing was going to happen. He wasn't really a good listener. It had all been an act. "I was just thinking tonight's party is going to be perfect."

"Of course it is, darling, you're in charge." Felicity gave her a bright grin. "I'm off to check on my team. They're probably inundated already with questions about the gratuity system. And anyway, I must check that Mr. Chocolate is coping with all these new pressures. He might need a more experienced hand for support." Felicity gave her a wicked wink and swanned away toward the pursers' station below decks.

Shaking her head to rid it of the last lingering traces of her Dylan memory, Michaela satisfied herself that everything was in order and went back to her office to finalize tomorrow's roster, double-checking that her staffing requirements matched the activities listed in the paper for passengers. "Perfect," she said.

And very full. Dylan wouldn't have a moment to fall for anyone, passenger or staff, because he would be too busy leading activities all over the ship.

She smiled. That would keep him out of her hair.

...

"Did you see him in that first number? Oh my God," the female passenger said, her eyes opening wide.

"What a god, you mean. So powerful!"

Michaela sighed as she overheard the gushing praise of passengers coming out of the second cabaret show. She didn't need to ask who they were talking about.

"If he hadn't moved, I would have sworn he was marble."

"Oh yeah, but I bet he wouldn't feel cool and stony when you had him under your hands!" The women cackled and continued on upstairs.

Stop it.

She almost said it out loud, and the frustration must have shown on her face, because the next group of passengers took one look at her and gave her a wide berth. At least this was only the first night, so no one really knew who she was yet. She scuttled away before anyone realized. It wouldn't do for the cruise director to be seen as a sour mouth.

Up on deck, the lights were on, and the background music was playing. By the look of the people already on the dance floor, this was going to be a very lively crowd.

"Not a bad start," a deep male voice said from behind her. "Passengers seemed to like the show, and I hardly broke a sweat. I must be fitter than I thought."

Michaela looked around and found the green eyes of the favorite dancer of every woman on board.

When he said things like that, he sounded like such an arrogant ass. But the humor in his eyes softened the statement, and she couldn't take the posturing seriously. Not after that first night on the deck. No man who was all ego would have been such a good listener.

"I should hope you are," she said. "Can't have you disappointing all those legions of female fans you've accumulated already."

"Doing my best, ma'am," Dylan growled, and Michaela felt the deep rumble of his voice in the pit of her stomach. Be still, she scolded her nerves.

"It's good for the passengers to have something to look at," she said caustically. "It keeps them occupied."

Dylan raised an eyebrow. "When should we start the dancing for the party?"

"I'll just check with the band. If they're ready, then we should probably get going."

The band was ready, and Michaela headed back to her spot by the bar as the drummer's sticks kicked in one-two-three-four and a jazzy number filled the outdoor area. She'd only just made it through the crowd when she heard "Come on then" muttered in her ear and Dylan grabbed her hand, whirling her into his arms exactly as she had imagined.

To start with, her feet refused to obey her, and she stood on Dylan's toes. He just grimaced. "Stand up here, then," he said. She almost squealed as he lifted her up and set her feet down on top of his. "There we go." Smirking, he whisked her around the floor. She had to work hard not to let on how ragged her breath was. If he knew the effect he had on her-no, it didn't even bear thinking about. Letting him lead, she put on her best smile.

Well, I can't cause a scene in front of the passengers.

Still, she wouldn't let him think she was enjoying herself. "Shouldn't you be toying with your fan club?" she yelled in his ear, over the sound of the band.

"I don't like to play with my toys in public."

Huh. How did he make her despise and desire him all in one breath? As they spun, she breathed in his soapy scent, amused by the hint of floral bouquet from his roommate's shampoo. "You really should get your own shampoo," she said unconsciously.

"Bit bloody flowery, isn't it?" He looked down into her eyes, and she was startled again by just how brilliant his gaze was. The heat from his hands on the small of her back sent warm shivers up her spine, so she arched it just a little further. The movement brought her closer to his chest, and he grinned at her, far too triumphant for her liking, before spinning the two of them again. Michaela felt the looks she was getting from the female guests but shrugged them off.

Just for this dance.

"You move well," Dylan growled in her ear.

"You mean you move well," she replied, anxious at the effect his mouth was having so close to her ear and acutely aware of what he'd said yesterday about her dancing.

"No, really. I can feel the rhythm in you." She smelled something else then, a base note. Something musky and earthy-his personal scent.

All too soon, the song finished. "Now you have to face them," she said. "To your fans! Go." She gave him a little push, hoping the frustration in his face reflected at least a tiny bit of regret at having to be parted from her, despite what he'd said to Jake.

"Madam?"

Michaela didn't have long to gaze at Dylan's departing buttocks, because another man had his hand out, ready for her. Although she usually managed to shy away from dancing with the passengers-always able to rely on her very busy and important job to take her elsewhere-she could hardly turn this offer down when she'd been dancing with Dylan only seconds ago.

The man whirled her around with ample ability, but Michaela couldn't help but compare his style to Dylan's, and his face had none of the dancer's immediate appeal. He could lead adequately, though. Michaela found she didn't stumble or step on his toes at all. But his skill didn't stop her from promptly and charmingly bowing out of the next dance when the song finished. She hurried to the bar to get an overview of the whole dance floor.

"Everyone seems to be having a great time." Felicity liked to perch on a particular stool during the poolside parties. Usually Michaela liked nothing better than to perch with her, watching over things and listening to Felicity's running commentary.

Tonight Michaela merely nodded, looking out in the crowd for Dylan. "Helps having a new entertainment crew. They've got boundless energy when they're so new. Look at the lot of them."

"It helps having an Adonis to keep all the ladies happy," Felicity drawled. "Poor guy."

Michaela spotted Dylan. "He's hardly suffering. Look at him playing the crowd. I don't think we need to worry about him." He was dancing with an elderly woman, her face flushed and her hair a frizz, but the smile on her face said she was having the time of her life. The two of them were surrounded, a circle of women looking on eagerly. "Jesus, they look like they want to eat him."

"They probably do. It's the same downstairs. Mr. Chocolate has his very own fan club crushing the purser desk. It's causing a bottleneck, 'cause no one wants to be served by anyone else. We might have to throw some acid at his face or something."

Michaela snorted. "Maybe you need to take him off the desk and put him on backroom duty."

"Now you're talking. He could be my paperwork slave."

Michaela laughed again. Ah, Felicity was good for her sanity. Her insinuations about Mr. Chocolate were part of her charm, and anyway, it relieved the tension.

Tension. Was that what this was? Just a buildup of tension from being alone for so long? Michaela examined her body, which was still thrumming from the contact with Dylan. Maybe the advice he'd given her came from personal experience, and she should give him enough rope to hang himself.

Stop it, she told her body firmly.

She sat with Felicity for the rest of the band's set, sipping at the chilled lemon water she drank when she was on duty. It was difficult to see any stars in the open sky above them, as the lights flickering over the pool broke a hole in the night's darkness. But the sense of being outside at sea was still very apparent, and the warm breeze was delicious. The band started to wind down. "Well, that's it for tonight, at least."

"That's it for you, maybe. This lot are going to keep the bar staff going until the wee small hours," Felicity said. And it was true. There was no sign of the crowd dispersing. "It looks like our favorite dancer has no plans on slowing down, either."

Dylan approached them and held out his hand. "Michaela, I promised the ladies I'd demonstrate a rumba for them."

Her name sounded so good when he said it that instead of bristling at his lack of formality, she let it slide. "I'm no good. Get one of the other dancers to demonstrate."

"Can't," he said simply. Michaela looked around the dance floor and found he was right. All of the dancers were occupied by enamored crowds.

Without waiting for her answer, Dylan pulled her a little way onto the dance floor, though not into the center of the crush. The warmth tingling from his hands went right to her head, stealing her protests, and again she felt safe, perfectly at home in his arms. When his hips swayed in time to the beat, Michaela found her own following, and rather than standing on his feet, the movements came without thinking.

Breathe in, breathe out, you're his boss, you're his boss.

"You don't have to dance with me, you know. It's not in your contract to keep me occupied," she said.

"Why would I do that?" Dylan looked vaguely puzzled.

"So the other dancers don't have to. I know I'm not that much fun to dance with."

He gave her a look that didn't fit with her picture of a player and pulled her body closer. "Why would I bother to play those sort of games? Especially with you?"

Michaela looked him full in the eye. There was no artifice there. Plenty of heat and promise, though. "So you're not just talking to me to keep me out of the way?"

"You talked to me last night, and you sat at dinner with me, too. I didn't make you."

His earlier conversation in the canteen line played over in her head again. What had he actually said? It wasn't Dylan who had promised to keep her out of the way of the others. He'd just nodded and smiled, perhaps humoring the other dancer the same way he humored the hungry female guests. Her heart hiccupped at the thought.

"If you don't want to talk, we can just dance. You really aren't all bad on the dance floor," he said.

Good idea. She was just digging herself into a hole here. What a bitch she'd been-pumping him for advice, using him as a shield when she saw the captain at dinner, and then believing everything some practically teenaged dancer had said.

Michaela tried to take the compliment gracefully and be a grown up. "Thanks, although I don't have any of your training. It obviously makes a huge difference."

Nodding, he gave her an odd look.

"I can see why all the women have been hogging you," Michaela continued. "There's something about the way you move."

Dylan's eyes seemed to smolder at the compliment. "Is there, now?"

She gave his shoulder what was meant to be a playful slap, though it turned into something more like a...oh hell, she was stroking him. He had such nice shoulders. She forced her fingers to behave. "Don't be a pig. I meant what I said earlier at the rehearsal, you're a great dancer. I should know. I've seen hundreds."

Shut up.

Why was she building his ego up like this? Okay, maybe he didn't agree with the other dancers that she was useless on the dance floor, but she didn't need to massage his obviously well-endowed self-esteem. He'd kissed her just to prove a point, for goodness' sake.

Maybe he needed a little lesson in humility. Yes, maybe. Well, her activity schedule was definitely going to give him that. So why didn't she feel smug about it anymore?

Because you like him.

She sure liked the way he made her feel. Feminine and delicate, like she needed protecting, rather than like the cold-hearted bully some of her other staff made her out to be. She wriggled her hips closer, feeling his hand tighten on her back in response.

The song finished, but Dylan made no move to let her go. "I didn't see you demonstrating to anyone there," she said.

Her heart sped up at the look he gave her. "It was just an excuse, really. I needed to get out of there, and no one is going to interrupt me dancing with you."

"You really don't have to look after me to keep me off everyone's backs," she said, repeating herself because she felt a little guilty about all the activities she had given him in order to keep him out of her way.

"Well, it seems a good way to while away the hours. And at least we might have a normal conversation, you know, rather than talking about what Demi Moore Twittered or something equally inane," Dylan said wryly.

"Are you calling me old?"

"I think you're probably the perfect age."

The easy conversation disarmed her, and every time Michaela looked into those eyes she melted a little more in his arms. Damn. This was not how it was supposed to go.

They kept dancing through the next two tracks, but then she noticed a number of the remaining passengers giving her frosty looks. "I think it's time for me to call it a night," she said.

"Yeah, I guess it's quite late," Dylan said. "Perhaps I'll call it a night, too."

"I don't think you'll be allowed to." She indicated the closest group of staring women.

"You sure I have to?" he whispered into her hair.

Michaela stiffened. His lips at her ear were pleasantly unnerving. "I'm afraid so," she said and pushed him away. "Just for a couple of numbers. Don't let them wear you out." Without looking behind her to check his expression, she fled the deck, heading straight for her stateroom and a cold shower.

...

The next day Dylan read the rules to shuffleboard with growing despondency. It looked like a tedious game.

When he'd seen his activity schedule, he hadn't really grasped the enormity of what he was being asked to do. He'd thought Michaela legitimately liked him, but perhaps he'd misread the signals, because he wasn't sure he'd have a moment to eat in between rushing to lead the various activities on his roster. When she'd been in his arms there hadn't been a trace of the woman who could dish out this sort of punishment.

Harden up. No need to get soft because the big mean boss gave him a nasty schedule.

Then another thought hit him-perhaps she liked him too much. The idea warmed him, made him want to seek her out and encourage her to wind herself around him as she had when they'd danced. And when they'd kissed...

When they'd kissed, there had been nothing but a woman seeking a man who knew how to please her. Their roles hadn't mattered-boss and employee tags became irrelevant.

His resolve hardened. You won't frighten me away, Michaela Western. I'm made of much stronger stuff than your usual minions.

Despite his determination, the day was a blur. Dylan forced out smile after smile and cheered at each and every activity. He literally fell into bed at the end of it.

The day after that should have been better, as the passengers were due to go ashore to Norfolk Island, but the weather turned, becoming too dangerous for the tender boats to land. So instead of having a day off, Dylan found himself involved in emergency line dancing classes, as well as a host of other activities designed to placate grumpy passengers. By the time the evening show came again, he was exhausted.

"Have you run yourself ragged?" George asked.

"I think that woman hates me."

"Who, the cruise director? Oh, I don't think so. Michaela Western doesn't really hate anyone. She just likes the job to get done. It'll probably take a while to get used to. You have to learn to pace yourself. Don't think you can go dancing until the wee small hours, then throw yourself into cheering on every activity on board and expect to be full of energy for the show, as well."

"Sure." High energy was Dylan's natural state of operation, although he had to admit his usual energy requirements didn't include rehearsals and activities and two full-throttle dance shows every night. It wasn't mental exhaustion giving him trouble, just physical demands his body hadn't dealt with for many years.

"You'll get there. Set for tonight, though?" George asked, his eyes twinkling.

Dylan nodded. Tonight's show was a Broadway tribute, far less taxing than the cabaret numbers, thank goodness.

The show opened, and the audience was as packed as the previous night, but this time Dylan's nerves were jangling. When he got on stage, the movements didn't come easily. He had to look at the other dancers to remember his cues, and he fumbled a few partnering moves with one of the Australian twins.

"Watch it, you almost dropped me there," she hissed.

"Watch it yourself," he whispered back.

By the time the final curtain came down, Dylan was fuming, angry with both his stroppy partners and himself. He'd missed three cues and almost missed the turns on two of his duets.

"Not such a superstar after all," one of the twins said.

"Happens when your ego gets too inflated. Bursts like a balloon and goes hissing all over the stage," the other said.

Dylan felt his expression darken. He'd always been driven to be the best he could. Boardroom or dressing room, it didn't make any difference. "Well, perhaps if you didn't keep me waiting for cues..."

"Don't worry, darlings." George stepped in between them. "The audience didn't even notice. Off you go, girls."

The twins stalked off, noses high.

"Sorry, I..."

George held up a hand. "You and I know you missed a cue, but hardly anyone in the audience even knows what a cue is, let alone whether you missed any of them. You have that rare gift, faking it till you make it."

Dylan tried not to let the alarm show on his face. He knows I lied my way into that audition.

"You can swoop in and start dancing out of cue," George continued, "but because you do it with such aplomb, everyone thinks you've started exactly where you should have."

Relief washed over Dylan. He didn't fancy the fallout if people discovered that he had next to no formal training-especially on a night when he'd let himself and the other dancers down.

"Now go to bed early, and don't give yourself away so easily tomorrow. Those women will eat you alive if you let them."

"I thought I might go through tomorrow's routine a couple of times first."

George gave him a careful look. "I'm not sure that's such a good idea. You need to rest."

"I know, and I will." Dylan was suddenly determined. "I'll get it soon enough. But I need it clear in my head, or I won't sleep well."

"I guess we can't have you tossing and turning," George said.

"And I just have to check in with Michaela-I mean, the cruise director-to see if I can be excused from anything tomorrow. My schedule today was almost twice everyone else's."

"Good luck with that," George said over his shoulder as he left the theater. "She's not much of one for letting people get out of anything she wants them to do."

Dylan thought of how she'd melted under his kiss.

Neither am I.

Chapter Five

"Someone paged me?"

Michaela found Dylan rehearsing in the theater by himself, with the sweat from two shows shining on his skin and overpowering his usual soapy smell.

He stopped moving, and she heard the strains of tomorrow's show coming from a small CD player in the corner.

"Hi," he said. "I needed to ask you about the activity roster. But before that, I just need a partner for this part." He took her hand and pulled her firmly into a spin.

"Excuse me?" She allowed the incredulous tone sharpen her voice.

"Seeing as you're here...just for a second."

His dark smile held something indefinably attractive in it, but Michaela shook her head.

"Just stand there. That's it," he said, ignoring her refusal.

There wasn't an opportunity to move as he leapt around her, pulling her into spins and then releasing her to eat up the stage with his grand jete. She gave up trying to escape and enjoyed the spectacle of his muscles tightening and releasing, his long frame a perfect swath of movement through space.

Thoughts of wrapping her own legs around that waist and running her hands over his broad, strong shoulders brought a quiver to Michaela. When the music finally stopped, she had to take a few deep breaths to stop herself from stammering her words.

He walked to his bag and took a swig of water. "Thanks. Glad you didn't mind being used like that."

Mind? Michaela ducked her head, hoping the blush wasn't obvious.

"I wanted to ask you a favor," he said with a sly look.

Michaela drew herself up, trying to cover her desire with officiousness. "You are familiar, aren't you? You page me to come down here, which isn't correct procedure with a superior, you drag me into your dance rehearsal and sweat all over me, and now you want a favor? You've got cheek, I'll give you that."

His face turned stony. "I thought... I didn't know about procedure. Would you like to sit down?"

Dylan took her elbow and led her into the seating. Choosing a plush couch, he sat. With him still holding her elbow, she was forced to sit, too.

Michaela watched him wipe a bead of sweat from his brow. Her hand almost reached for his towel to do it for him. The masculine face, neatly framed as it was now by his dark hair, just begged to be touched. Stroked. And those lips-a straight line on top but a full, cushiony pillow on the bottom-just begged to be kissed. Again.

Stop it.

Dylan pulled her out of her reverie. "I'm being run ragged, as George puts it. My full schedule, two shows a night, and all those women trying to get my attention..."

She rolled her eyes at his robust ego, but he continued with apparent sincerity, "I don't want to burn out on this first cruise. Wouldn't help anyone."

Michaela bit her lip. His exhaustion was her fault. She shouldn't be trying to punish him for getting in her head or for being so good-looking. If she was honest, her prickles at his breach of procedure came from the same source, too. While it wasn't really done to page a superior officer to come to where you were, people did it all the time, and she didn't mind when she wasn't busy. "I can probably shift a couple of your activities onto someone else."

That was the professional thing to do. She was not doing it, she reassured herself, because she wanted him to like her.

"Just like that?"

"I'll take you out of the children's club."

"Oh." His face fell, confusing Michaela. Wasn't she doing exactly what he'd just asked?

"It's just that I really like the kids. There are a couple who look just like my nephews. They always remind me how to play properly."

Michaela fought hard to keep her surprise from showing. When she'd first started on the cruise ships, she'd loved being assigned to help out with the kids' club for that very same reason. She'd forgotten about the feeling, putting that part of herself away as she'd risen through the ranks and started needing to appear more official.

From under her eyelashes, she saw Dylan gaze down at her.

"Knowing how to play is very important, wouldn't you say?" Something dark and dirty rumbled in his voice. How could one man be so open one minute and then so...so filthy sexy? Could she...could she maybe practice the making babies part with him?

Dear God, had she just thought that? Imagine what Felicity would say. What was wrong with her resolve?

Her pause must have convinced him to retreat to safer waters. "You have kids?" he asked.

She steeled herself to be professional, but she found she wanted to reply honestly, as she always seemed to with him. "I haven't had the time to think about a relationship that might include children yet. It's been a pretty hard slog to get here."

"I know. Women have a hard job getting to the top and staying there. It's still pretty rare to find a woman at the head of a big multinational-or-" He seemed to stutter. "-or so I hear."

There he went again with his empathetic comments. There had to be a catch. Apart, of course, from the obvious fact that he was part of her staff, was completely inappropriate with his kisses, and would probably never earn enough money to keep his children in diapers.

But he wasn't strictly a member of her staff. He didn't work in her office-he was really on George's team.

And George works for you. Stop it.

Oblivious to her internal dialogue, he continued, "So no man has ever tried to convince you to leave all this and have kids?"

"No one has even got close. My career is my priority, but...I don't know. The biological reality is starting to close in. Even after I have kids, though, I want to keep my career going. I just don't know what my next step would be after this."

Shut up. He doesn't need to know all this.

"You can't be that old? Sorry, I guess I've asked you a couple of times, I'm just curious. How old are you?"

He was definitely turning the charm on, and she couldn't help feeling flattered. Michaela suppressed a smile. No way did he really think she was in her early twenties, but it was nice to be flirted with for a change. She'd almost forgotten what it felt like.

"I'm older than you," she said.

His eyebrows shot up. "Get out."

"Thirty-four."

"Really? Man, you don't look it, even with all the stress of this job. You must have good genes."

"Must do," she said in a dry tone.

"It's strange how it's so acceptable for women to be with older men, but society is less easy when it's the other way round. I guess it's got something to do with women maturing faster than men. An older man is on a more equal footing with a younger woman." He said it smoothly, and instead of being annoyed at him spinning her a line, she was once again flattered that his attention brought with it more than just the superficial chatter she'd come to expect from her staff.

As he spoke, Dylan seemed to slide closer along the theater couch toward her. Michaela tried to move away to keep a professional distance, but she was already at the edge of the couch, and the armrest blocked her escape.

"I don't think it's really about who matures faster," she said quickly. "I've met plenty of older men who are completely immature and some younger ones who seem to have more of a complete grasp on life than I do. I guess it's just about life experience."

She wondered about Dylan's life experiences. Being a dancer for years must have been interesting, if nothing else. All those beautiful women, their bodies finely tuned, their lives just one performance after another. They danced in front of her, and Dylan lifted them up one at a time, treating each of them to a passionate kiss. They spun around Dylan in her mind, taunting him, pleasuring him.

Don't think about it, don't think about it, she chanted to herself, hoping to make the disturbing picture evaporate.

"Life experience." Dylan looked her full in the face, eyes smoldering. "So, do you consider yourself experienced?"

That last line almost melted Michaela. She sensed a secret in him, something dark, perhaps a hurt that maybe, just maybe, needed healing.

This must be the source of the attraction. It's just my maternal instinct kicking into overdrive.

She put a hand to her neck, wondering if she could heal this man.

"You have a sore neck?"

Michaela started to shake her head, then winced. Her neck was stiff.

"I can fix that for you."

"No, no, it's fine."

Dylan scooted across the final distance between them and placed his hands on her neck. "Turn around."

His voice was commanding, and he moved her so she sat between his legs, facing away from him. The seat was quite wide, allowing her to perch on the edge while he kept his back to the backrest. But her position was far from easy. She was too aware of his proximity, and especially of the muscled thighs on either side of her slender derriere.

"It's probably nothing," she whispered. The heat from his hands did delicious things to her skin.

"It'll be from me throwing you around," he said in her ear. "Dancers are always injuring themselves. I'll fix you, though."

As his hands started to knead the tension out of her muscles, Michaela melted further. Of course, dancers were always giving each other rubdowns. She tried not to think about them turning erotic.

But perhaps that was exactly what she needed. Maybe she really could relax her zero-personal-relations policy if she was very clear about it going no further. If it was just a bit of fun. He'd likely only be here for a few months. They were both consenting adults, and she already felt like she knew him better than people she'd worked with for over a year.

"Oh, that's great," she said. The melting was spreading throughout her body now. Time seemed to drip away, turning to liquid just as easily as her aching muscles relaxed. She shut her eyes and let herself be carried away by the sensations. Caught up in the easy sway of the boat, the warm lighting of the stage, and his hands on her neck, she drifted.

The mental picture she'd had of Dylan with all the different dancers returned to her mind, but this time instead of other dancers, it was her in his arms. The two of them swayed in time with the ship, blanketed by the music, part of the tune. In her mind, Dylan spun her out, and as he turned her back into his chest, he stroked the line of her jaw. Before she could say anything, he dropped her into a strong dip, holding her tightly, his face leaning over her.

He smiled as he slowly brought her back up to vertical and kissed her as he had only yesterday. His real hands on her shoulders coupled with the picture of him in her mind brought a new warmth between Michaela's thighs.

A warmth that was spreading.

Gently, gently, he pulled her closer to him until her back rested against the width of his chest.

Oh, how warm. Dylan was delicious. Not only could he raise her temperature with just a touch, but he narrowed in on her insecurities and made her feel better about herself. He listened, he gave advice, and he truly seemed to grasp the difficult politics of her world. Without patronizing, he gave it to her straight. This man stirred her emotions with his talk of children and women's successes. He understood her-understood her well enough to be more than just a fling.

Even through her clothes, she could feel the contours of his muscles, feel the heat of his well-built frame. The tips of her breasts prickled, pushing themselves against the thin lace of her bra. Where his arms brushed her, she felt the thrill of desire starting to build.

Dylan worked his way down her arms until he was massaging her hands. Their bodies now pressed together as one flesh, her back to his front. His fingers moved over her hands and down the tops of her thighs, drawing her back to him tightly. Her shoulders were completely relaxed, nestled into his chest, and she could feel tingling all along her arms where his fingers had rubbed at her skin. His breath was warm on her cheek, and she willed it closer.

As if responding to her desire, he snuggled in, and his lips brushed the bottom lobe of her ear. "Better?" he asked, his voice thick. "A little more?"

"Oh, much better, but perhaps just a bit more," she said, hoping her voice didn't betray just how much more she wanted. But it seemed Dylan already knew, because his teeth nibbled delicately at her earlobe while his hands released her thighs and spread their strength over her soft stomach, almost spanning her whole waist. His palms radiated warmth, and she felt the thrill of the heat rush through her body.

Hot. So hot.

Just in time, she stopped herself from loosening a button to cool off.

He rained a shower of tiny kisses over her neck, all the while practically purring his warm breath against her skin. A tiny moan remained trapped at the back of Michaela's throat, and she arched her spine to fit more closely to his body.

Against the relaxed cotton of his dance pants and through her tight pencil skirt, Michaela felt the firm contours of his erection pushing into the base of her back. A charge ran through her, bringing the heat from inside to boil along the entire surface of her skin. Her breasts now strained urgently against their soft lace prison, and her nipples were hard pebbles trying desperately to find a mouth to soften them.

He must have sensed her need, because he turned her head, tipping it back and cupping her chin firmly in his hand. Looking into her eyes, Dylan pulled her face toward him, covering her lips with his. This time, the moan did escape, and Michaela whimpered into the warm recesses of his mouth.

The kiss was everything his massage and her fantasy had promised. He was tender but firm as he pulled her closer. Michaela's hands went to his perfect chest. The tongue teasing her mouth open was hot and hungry, and Michaela opened her mouth wider to let it in. It was a completely different kiss from yesterday's. That kiss had been hard and eager. This was soft and rich and deep and oh... Another moan escaped her.

Was kissing always like this? She tried to remember.

No, it can't possibly have been this good.

Dylan stroked her neck and nibbled her bottom lip, causing a new run of shivers to light up her body. No, never like this.

Too soon, he drew his head away, his beautiful eyes full of passion. His hands moved to her torso, and she became properly aware that she was sitting sideways in his lap, his erection brushing against the outside of her thigh.

"Well, you certainly seem to be experienced at something," she murmured.

A frown flickered over his forehead, and he kissed her again. This time, the passion was unstoppable, and Michaela found herself wishing he would release her breasts from their restrictions. She hoped he would lay her down on the long theater couch while the stage lights warmed them.

His hands started to stray up her sides, finally cupping her breasts. Her nipples aching, she groaned as his thumbs finally rubbed over one breast, then the other. "Dylan," she gasped as his mouth released hers, but he hardly let her breathe before his mouth was back on hers, eagerly kissing her words away.

Michaela's desire caught him off guard. His arousal had been ordinary at first, but the more she moaned, the more Dylan found himself wanting her. Wanting her right then and there.

Her skirt had ridden up as she squirmed against him, exposing a length of tanned thigh just begging to be kissed. Gripping her firmly around the waist, he lifted her up and turned her around so she straddled him, giving him easier access to her mouth and breasts. She tucked her legs in as he moved her to accommodate him, then hesitated.

"Maybe we shouldn't..."

"No, we should," he growled. There would be no more conversation. No more questions. No more chances for her to think about anything except how she was going to open herself up to him. He kissed her again, and she began to move against him. The subtle motion started near her waist and moved into her hips. Her thighs. Yes.

He opened his eyes. She was as good as his. The hot beat of what their sex would be like pounded through him as he watched her body relish its rhythm and she rocked back and forth on his lap.

Dylan ran his hands up her torso again. As they found the hardness of her nipples, he realized he wanted more, and he pushed one hand up inside her shirt. Her skin was warm. No, more than that-it was as hot as if the sun had shone on it all day. Finding the shirt too tight to get to the promise of her bare breasts, he used his other hand to quickly unbutton her top, the six fastenings coming open as if they realized they were in the way.

Yes.

Pulling back from her mouth, he gazed at her exposed chest, the fine white lace of her bra only just containing her small breasts as they strained toward him. "All for me," he said. Ducking his head gently, he bit at one nipple through the thin lace.

"Oh!" Michaela's gasp only made him harder, and he pulled her closer to his mouth. With one hand fondling her other breast, he reached behind and unfastened her bra to give his mouth better access. She tasted wonderful. Shifting on the couch, Dylan slowed to run his tongue around her areola, then took her breast into his mouth.

Delicious.

He wasn't one for breasts that were too big-a handful was just perfect. Turning his attention to the other breast, he repeated his licking and sucking motion. Oh, but she moved so wonderfully on top of him. The hard, icy core she presented to her staff was melting now. And he wanted her melted all over his naked body.

"Your place or mine?" he asked. He tore his hands and mouth away from her chest, scooping her up and standing in one swift movement. They both paused, and he almost kissed her again when her amber-flecked eyes gazed up into his.

"Best we use mine," she said. "You're probably sharing a room."

Dylan started striding up the stairs with her still in his arms, wanting desperately to pull the rest of her uniform away and gaze at her tanned, slender body. He smiled as he thought of what they would do in her room. He wanted to throw her onto a bed, to spread her out and investigate the far reaches of her body. He wanted-oh, he wanted her. His pace quickened.

"Wait," Michaela said, and struggled against him. "You can't carry me out of here. And we..." She squirmed again. He set her feet on the floor. "We can't do this."

"Are you sure?" He walked her backwards until she was pressed against the wall, leaning down to kiss her again. Perhaps they could just take each other here in the theater, since there was no one around. If they turned the stage lights off, it would be almost pitch black. "I want you now. Don't tell me you don't want me, too." He exhaled a hot breath against her throat, his hands reaching for her, but her pager beeped to life, and reality pushed its way into their situation.

"See, I have to go."

She looked up into his eyes, and he tried to let her know what he was promising. It would be fantastic. They would be fantastic.

She pulled her bra back into place, tugged down her skirt, and fumbled the buttons of her shirt through their holes. He put his hands on her chest, finding her nipples still hard, ready for his touch.

"Tomorrow?" The word came out strangled. How could she turn off the passion that had sprung up between them tonight? He whispered hot air over her neck, wanting to ensure she would give him the answer he craved.

"Yes," she said. But something flashed across her face, and she paled. "No."

"What?"

"We can't use my cabin. I've been moved." Desire and desperation mingled in her expression.

"So?"

"I'm on the same floor as the captain now. He'll know you're miles away from your floor if he sees you anywhere near my stateroom. I told you the history. He'll use this to destroy the reputation I've worked hard for. We can't do this. I can't do this. I've got to go." She pushed him away.

Dylan cursed under his breath. He'd come so close to releasing a passion that he hadn't even known was in him before tonight.

But perhaps her leaving now was good. If she felt half as unquenched, as unfulfilled as he did, she wouldn't be able to forget about him.

Was that all he wanted, for her to want him as much as he wanted her?

Yes. It's just like a business merger. Weaken the target and move in.

"I'll take care of it," he muttered, not even sure if she was listening as she strode up the stairs. "And believe me, you won't want to walk away from me a second time."

Chapter Six

Once in her office, Michaela sat down suddenly, her strength sapped with the withdrawal of passion. The message triggering her pager had been nothing, really. Just one of her team checking that she'd okayed the next day's activities.

"Bloody lucky escape," she muttered. "All he does is show you a bit of understanding, and you melt in his arms?" She shook her head, confused at her own weakness.

The interruption did give her the chance to make good on her promise to Dylan, however. She excused him from taking yet another shuffleboard session, blithely co-opting her deputy to take his place and telling him to page Dylan to let him know.

In her stateroom, she spent the rest of the night in a restless state, replaying the scene in the theater over and over, perplexed that she had both allowed herself to reach such a state of blind desire and offered her own stateroom to consummate it.

"Michaela Western, what's come over you?" she whispered to her pillow. Was she really ready to let down her guard and move on from the failed relationship that had made her promise never to go there again with a fellow worker?

Of course, the affair with the captain had been a long time ago, and she knew how to handle herself better now.

"And anything with Dylan Johns wouldn't be a relationship," she said aloud.

She planned to begin a new phase of her career soon, but that didn't lessen the risk. She could destroy her whole future by getting into bed with a colleague. If the affair went south-if the captain found out and got angry about it-he could refuse to give her a reference for another job.

But why should she assume the worst? Other people had shipboard affairs all the time without derailing their whole lives.

Michaela looked around her stateroom and tried to imagine Dylan's tall frame in the small space. He would fill it almost entirely, his long legs reaching the end of the bed and his broad chest taking up a good section of the width.

Giving up on sleep, she got up, turned on the shower, and stepped under the cool spray. It gave her no relief. The shower cubicles onboard were necessarily small. Trying to fit thousands of passengers and hundreds of crew onto the ship meant that some things had to be sacrificed, and despite the fact that these rooms were big in comparison to those on some ships, the space was still very tight. The slow billow of the shower curtain, the water against her skin, the scent of Dylan still in her hair-Michaela couldn't help but imagine him crushed into the shower with her. His naked body pushed hers against the wall, and the water and thoughts of his tongue combined to make her wet all over.

"Stop it," she berated herself. She turned the shower onto full cold. With the tropical heat of the Pacific permeating even the staterooms, the temperature wasn't unpleasant, and it did help a little with her internal overheating.

As she toweled herself down she felt calmer. As if to confirm it, she said to the room, "I'll deal with Dylan Johns tomorrow."

...

The next day was another busy one, and Michaela didn't have a chance to stop and think about the previous night's passion. But once the last daytime activity came to an end, she looked at the clock, realizing that the first theater show would be starting soon.

"No, I'm not going," she said, to prove...something. She wrote a memo to staff about a missing shuffleboard pole, refilled the printer cartridges, and filed a stack of papers that had been sitting on her desk waiting for attention. But as the minutes ticked into an hour, she sighed and shut down her office computer, then walked as if in a trance to find a seat for the second theater showing.

The dancers were all smiles, but this time Michaela could see the strain that having to learn all these routines in such a small amount of time was putting on them. Their smiles didn't move with the natural contours of their faces-they were almost painted on. Sometimes she noted the stiffness that came from a moment of panic when the steps to a routine disappeared out of one of their heads.

The only dancer who seemed completely at ease was Dylan, his body moving naturally in between cues, even when he was cut off by the impromptu exit of another dancer.

The audience would never have known, but having seen a few of the numbers from this show many times with various dancers in the different roles, Michaela could see the places where he didn't quite have the timing right or where he added an extra step or two. It didn't change the fact that he was astonishing. He leapt and strode over the stage as if the work had been choreographed just for him. His muscles glistened as he worked them, and Michaela noticed every woman seemed to lean forward in anticipation when Dylan moved to center stage.

He's an incredibly talented dancer, that's all. And an incredibly talented kisser. She touched her lips at the memory. If she let herself, she could almost taste him still.

Peering down from her second-level seat, Michaela could see the front-row couch where she and Dylan had fallen into each other the previous night. The thought that someone could have walked in on them clutched in each other's arms filled her with a strangely erotic panic. And as to him striding out of the theater with her in his arms, her shirt open, skirt hitched up, and bra undone...

"Oh, God," she moaned quietly. "It just can't happen. The ship is too public."

She left before the end of the show, slipping out so no one would notice her when the lights came up. But she knew that the real reason she had to disappear was to prevent Dylan from seeing and devouring her with his eyes. Her body wanted him more than her mind could ignore, and under the scrutiny of his full gaze she became more helpless than she cared to admit. She hurried off to the staff canteen, hoping she could eat and leave before the dance team got there.

Despite almost gulping her food, Michaela was still eating when she heard a familiar male voice from behind her. "Mind if I join you?"

Her heart leapt and fell simultaneously, and she looked to each side of her, making sure no one saw her blush.

Dylan drew out a chair and pushed his tray next to hers. "Don't worry, the others ate earlier."

It was true, there were hardly any people left eating at this time. "We can't do this. I-"

He hushed her with a quick finger to her lips, and just as she feared, she felt herself melting under his intense gaze. "I know this makes no sense, I know we shouldn't, I know there are a thousand reasons not to." He put his other hand on her thigh under the table. She looked around again, checking for curious eyes. Her leg flared with heat under his touch.

Dylan must have seen her pupils dilate and heard her breath catch. "Don't tell me you don't want it."

Damn him, but he read her like a book.

"We're two fully consenting adults." He let the words drift around their heads, their meaning brilliant with promise. "But I'll give you one chance. Tell me you don't want me, and I'll leave you alone." As he spoke, he worked his hand farther up the bare skin of her thigh, inching her skirt upward. He brushed his fingertips across the crease where her thighs met, then trailed the hand back down her leg to the comparative safety of her knee.

"We can't. My stateroom..." The thought of rubbing the captain's face in her romantic potential was tempting, but not tempting enough to risk what nasty revenge he would undoubtedly make her suffer. He was the captain, after all.

"No need," Dylan said and stood, tugging at her elbow.

Her lips opened to speak, to deny the fever she felt even now building inside, but the words wouldn't come. Her body wouldn't let them.

"My roommate is out for the evening. I know I shouldn't tell you this, but he and Marvin have gotten together, and Marvin got the only solo room for the team." A dry smile spread over Dylan's face.

"I shouldn't. I don't do this sort of thing."

"Shouldn't is no excuse," he said. "And you didn't say no, so I'm taking you out of here. Now."

She opened her mouth again to protest, to say...something.

"No more excuses," he said. "Come."

Michaela watched him push her chair back under the table. Trying to retain a semblance of control, she smoothed her skirt down from where his hand had drawn it upward. His eyes were like fire on her skin. If it was already organized and there was no danger of anyone finding out, would it hurt to have a little fun?

His hand moved to the small of her back, guiding her away from the smells of food, away from the bright lights and prying eyes of other people. Where he touched her, the warmth spread out, and a hint of what might be in store for her-coupled with anticipation-clanged at Michaela's nerves like the ship's warning bells.

Dylan and Jake's room was on the fourth floor, almost at the bottom of the ship, but it seemed only a minute before Dylan had his plastic room card out, ready to open his stateroom door.

"Wait," Michaela hissed. "Are you sure he's out?"

"I'll check. Keep walking and meet me back here in two minutes."

Doing as he suggested, Michaela walked to the end of the corridor, but she had to pass through the heavy blue crew door into the passenger area to get out of sight of anyone who might have remained in Dylan's room. As she walked, she smiled and nodded to the few guests who lingered around their rooms before turning and heading back toward the crew quarters. She almost lost her nerve and continued walking, but the door to Dylan's room was ajar. As she passed, Dylan leaned out, grasped her firmly about the waist, and dragged her inside.

"Oh," she gasped. Dylan had stripped off his dance clothes and wore only a small white towel wrapped around his waist. He'd turned on the shower in the bathroom-tinier even than the one in her stateroom-and steam was starting to gather.

"I need to take a shower," Dylan said as he pulled her to his chest and kicked the door fully closed. "The show got me all hot. Maybe you could wash my back for me."

"I don't think-" Michaela was stopped by Dylan's finger over her lips. For a moment, she thought of continuing her protest, but the sizzling desire in his eyes stopped her. As he dropped his hand and leaned in, she closed her eyes.

The first kiss was gentle, but it was only a warm-up. The second came strong and hard. Michaela thought she had been melted by his previous kisses, but they were nothing compared to these.

She'd never known such a strong, yearning need, and she couldn't have stopped herself from kissing Dylan if the ship had run aground. He covered her moist lips with his own, dipping his tongue in and out of her mouth, and she felt a soft whimper escape her throat.

Her skin heated. Her spine arched toward him. His hungry hands moved up her body, firmly outlining her hips, waist, and chest. "If you're going to tell me we shouldn't be doing this, that I should stop, tell me now, before it's too late," he whispered.

"Don't stop." The words came out hoarse. Michaela dropped her head back, and he followed the invitation, his mouth biting at her neck and down, down toward her cleavage. With no one to stop them this time, he unbuttoned her shirt, opened and peeled it away in one easy movement. She kicked off her shoes and gasped when her skirt fell to the ground in a soft slither.

Standing now only in her white lacy bra and skimpy underwear, she looked him full in the face. Dylan paused, easing back to admire her willowy frame. The thin scraps of white lace she wore offered little protection from his hungry eyes. Leaving her no time to hesitate, he pulled her back toward him, his hands moving under her buttocks to lift her. She wrapped a leg around him. His hardness pushed against her, and as he eased her into the bathroom the towel fell away, leaving him proud and erect.

"In," he commanded as he lowered her, then pointed to the shower. She meekly let him push her under the water.

When the water from the shower hit her body, Dylan groaned. "Not bad, Cruise Director."

Michaela looked down to see the curls of her sex and the thrust of her nipples outlined beneath the translucent white lace, but her nipples were suddenly released as Dylan pulled the cups of the useless wet bra down and greedily sucked at each breast in turn. "Please," she whimpered, and he chuckled low in his throat. His tongue twisted around her nipple. Oh!

No. Wait. She needed more control. The hot water, the steam, his wet hair under her fingers-it was too perfect for safety. Too close to the fantasy that had played out in her mind only yesterday. His mouth went back to her nipples. "Nice?" he said, and she whimpered again. Then his hands were on the thin lace of her panties.

"No, not yet." Michaela squirmed out of his hands. Two could play at the passion game. "I want you," she purred, grasping at his erection and pushing him against the opposite wall.

"You'll finish me if you touch me like that," Dylan managed.

"Good." The shock of seeing him fully undressed was tempered now by the water, her desire, and the need clearly etched on his face.

He was big-very big-and hard. Oh, boy.

Her fingers wrapped around the skin of his rock-hard cock, stroking up and down, teasing him into a groaning frenzy. Dylan thrust out his arms to press his hands against the sides of the shower as his face convulsed with the pleasure of her touch.

"Don't, you'll-"

Michaela ignored his warning and ducked her head under the water to take his whole thick length into her mouth. She loved the way he groaned when she ran her tongue over the sensitive head, loved the way his body moved-his narrow hips thrusting gently as she moved her mouth over him. She loved the taut feel of his butt under her hands, the muscles clenching, then releasing. His hands wrapped in her hair. His passion mounted, his stomach tensing more with each stroke as her face came close to his body.

She felt the beginnings of his release and rolled her tongue again for good measure, only pulling back as his body finished its shuddering climax.

Sure, she was a little out of practice with getting naked, but he wasn't the only one who knew a few tricks.

Dylan panted. The water dripped from his nose as he hung his head and caught his breath. His arms were still braced against the sides of the shower, and he looked spent, but not weakened by any stretch. Michaela stepped back, turning to get out of the shower.

"Not so fast, young lady." Dylan grabbed her wrist and spun her back toward him. As he pulled her into his heaving chest, his lips nuzzled her throat, and he growled, "cheeky."

She smiled, but he gave her little time to rest on her laurels. The kiss that followed was a merciless tease, feathery light, then hard and deep. A mere flutter of his tongue on her still-moist lips, then a sharp nip from his bared teeth.

"You don't think you can pull that trick on me and get away with it?" He pushed her back against the wall, his hands again stroking her breasts before they slid down, following the path of the shower water toward the translucent lace scrap of her briefs. With his hard body pressed against hers, she was helpless to escape. He pushed her hips against the wall with his own, and she felt his full strength.

"My turn." The words emerged from his throat as little more than a sexy snarl.

Michaela gasped. "What are you-"

But his lips captured her mouth and silenced her once more. Releasing her only when she'd stopped protesting, Dylan clenched her firm buttocks in both hands, lifting and putting her down on the small ledge set into the shower wall to hold soaps. "It'll break," she said, but he hushed her again, lifting her arms above her head and guiding them to hold on to the sturdy curtain rail that ran the whole way around the shower box.

His eyes had turned as liquid as the shower water, their emerald depths steamier by far than the vapor that circled their heads. His hands smoothed the water across her body, massaging the firm flesh of her arms, her breasts, her stomach and thighs. Then he knelt before her, the water pouring off his broad shoulders, and gently blew a hot kiss against her sex. One of his hands moved up her body again to palm her breast, and he half stood to take it again in his mouth while leaving the other hand to massage between her legs.

When she thought she wouldn't be able to take it any longer, his hand slid beneath the waistband of her sodden panties and ripped her last piece of protection away. He kneeled again between her legs...and waited.

"Oh, please," she moaned, and with a grin he obliged her, sliding a finger deep inside her. She shuddered as he stroked back and forth, gently probing her inner secrets and reaching the deepest parts of her. When he withdrew the finger, slicked it over her clitoris, and moved it back inside, Michaela clenched at the curtain rail, desperate to pull him toward her, to force him to enter her more fully and ride her all the way to climax. Yet she was afraid that if she let go, she would fall from the ledge-or worse, break it. She would hate to have to explain to housekeeping just exactly how the shower had come to be in such disarray.

Slowly, very slowly, he pulled his finger out again. This time, he used two fingers to circle and massage her clit until her muscles clenched, then thrust both fingers inside.

"Michaela." The smile was obvious in his voice. "You've been without a man for far too long."

"I don't think-" He put his other hand up to her mouth, quieting her, and plunged the two fingers back inside to completely distract her. Letting his hand fall away from her mouth, Dylan trailed it down her body, then stopped to tweak her nipples and toy with each breast as he kept the steady rhythm of his fingers in, out, swirling around her clit, back in.

Her arms started to shake, and she opened her legs wider. "Please," she said. She'd forgotten this need-or maybe never experienced it before. This need to be filled. "I want you," she said, barely able to get the words out.

"Of course you do, but you can't have everything you want. Didn't your mother ever teach you that?" He punctuated his teasing comment with a deeper trust of his fingers. "But perhaps you can have a little taste."

He dipped his head between her thighs and pulled her clitoris into his mouth. The flicker and chase of his tongue built her up and then released her so that she rose again and again, only to be gently let back down to earth to rest for a second before he started over.

"Now?" he asked, and she just nodded, unable to speak. Then, finally, he brought her to the peak, thrusting and circling with both his mouth and fingers until her whole body shook as she came and came and came.

She tasted sweet, hot and slippery from the shower. Michaela's soft, tanned thighs trembled around his face, and he held her up so her orgasm would go on and on. As she spasmed, she began to call his name, and Dylan had to hurriedly cover her mouth for fear that the whole floor would hear her.

When her shaking finally ceased, he raised his head and saw her tawny eyes glossed with satisfaction. He stood, lifting her gently down from the small ledge and tucking her breasts back into the bra, which was now stretched and sodden.

She looked down at where his hands lingered. "How am I going to wear this out of here?"

"I was hoping you wouldn't." The thought of her bare breasts pressed against her tight white uniform shirt as she walked through the ship almost made him hard again. "Promise me you'll never wear underwear again."

Michaela laughed and slapped his hands away, apparently much easier in his company now. Good.

As he reached above her head to turn off the shower, she sniffed. "You smell good."

"I'll smell better when I don't have to use Jake's shampoo anymore."

"True." She smiled. "I better go." She stepped out of the shower and into the fluffy white towel he held open for her.

The strength of his disappointment surprised him. "Really? But we haven't even-" The sound of a plastic key card in the lock interrupted him.

Michaela's eyes blazed. "You said-"

Jake walked into the room, stopping short when he saw Michaela. "Cruise Director," he said, nodding to her.

"I... My shower isn't working, and Dylan offered to let me use yours..."

"Oh, don't worry, I'm hardly going to tell, am I? Where would I say I'd been?" Jake gave an exaggerated wink.

"Um, indeed." Michaela fixed him with what she probably thought was a very stern look. Dylan would have laughed if the situation had been different.

"Don't worry," Jake assured her again. "I'll just pop out for a few turns on the deck. Evening constitutional and all that." Chortling, he turned on his heel before anyone could protest.

Dylan watched as the ease Michaela had projected only moments before disappeared and she became so stiff, it was a shock she could bend over to pick up her shirt and skirt. "Oh, God. I really am going to have to take this wet bra off or my shirt will turn see-through!"

Damn Jake for being early. He'd wanted to take her to bed and luxuriate with her in his arms for a while.

Dylan cut off the thought and the growing disappointment before it could fully form. She had been about to leave anyway. He'd just have to make sure Jake's intrusion was only an interruption, not an ending. The little taste he'd had of Michaela Western only made him want more of her.

Fully dressed but with no underwear to speak of, Michaela turned to leave.

He caught her around the waist. "There's no need to rush, he won't be back for a good ten minutes yet."

"No," she said. "Imagine if he had come back earlier... Oh, no, don't." The blush ran from her toes to her cheeks.

"Michaela." Dylan tilted her face to his. "There is nothing wrong with this, with us. I know you have your position to think of, and I will be discreet, I promise. But we have nothing to hide."

As he said the words, he almost laughed at their irony. If she knew who he really was, how he got here, she would probably boot him off the ship the first chance she got.

The more time he spent with her, though, the more it seemed worth the risk.

Her eyes softened. She wanted to believe him, he could tell. "We'll see," she said quietly.

He had to fight to keep the triumph from his smile. Excellent.

If she couldn't resist him, all would be well. Next time, he'd make sure they had more time, and he'd relish the chance to delve more into her mind.

The more time he spent with Michaela, the longer her list of good traits became. He mentally ticked them off: smart, driven, independent, values her family, and a tiger in bed.

Sensing some indecision in her, he took advantage and swept down, kissing her in a hot farewell. "Goodnight," he said. "Sweet dreams." With those last words, his hands smoothed down her uniform skirt, and then...

"Stop it!" She slapped at his hand. "Your roommate will be back any minute."

"Well then," he said, pulling her back to him for one last, lingering kiss. "I hope your dreams are anything but sweet."

He watched her force herself to turn the door handle and walk out of the room, her nipples pressing against the thin white fabric of her shirt and scraps of wet white lace clutched in her hand.

Chapter Seven

The next day was another shore day, and Michaela sat in her office, catching up on some paperwork while the rest of her team was away.

Dylan had imprinted himself on her skin. That must be what this scratchy sensation was.

With a pang of regret, she'd waved off the ship's tender Dylan sat in. As it plowed its way through the ocean, she'd wished with every fiber of her being that she was going with him to walk hand in hand along the beach.

It was just lust, she reminded herself for the hundredth time since she'd left his stateroom, thoroughly satiated and almost drunk on the adrenaline of their secret. Breathe in, breathe in, breathe in.

There was no need for her to remind herself to breathe out. The air whooshed out of her lungs every time she replayed their time in the shower together.

Lust with a little bit of something extra?

Get back to work, Ms. Western.

When she'd first started in the business, she'd taken every opportunity she could to explore the tropical locations the ship stopped in, but as she'd risen up the ranks the responsibilities of her office had piled on, and she'd found more reasons to stay onboard. It was blessedly quiet today, though, and being able to walk the decks without bumping into people at every step was a blissful indulgence in itself.

As she strolled around the top deck, she admired the picturesque island in front of her. The golden talcum powder sand reflected the afternoon sun, and beneath arching palm trees those who sought more relaxation rested in the shade. Seeing so many people at play made Michaela think once again about her own life. For so long, she had thought herself happy in this existence, traveling among some of the world's most beautiful places, meeting interesting people, earning their respect. But was she looking for something more?

Her promise to herself of five years at sea had already expired, and now here was a man. A man who had offered her more advice and support than she'd had in a long time. A man who made her every nerve buzz with anticipation whenever he touched her.

"He's a dancer, Michaela," she scolded. "He's hardly going to be the settle-down type." Yet despite her protest, she couldn't keep her heart from soaring at the thought of him. But...

But what?

But he was incredibly talented, his looks were more than okay, he liked children in the same way she did, and he made her very core melt.

Tonight, she thought. Perhaps tonight we'll see whether this is just an irresponsible fling or something that could be more.

As the day came to a close, passengers began reappearing by the pool, happy and relaxed from their day in the tropical sun. Michaela walked among them. She noticed that a number of women looked away from her, and some even turned and whispered among themselves. Odd, they seemed to be talking about her. That didn't make sense.

An onshore scandal, perhaps. A husband caught out flirting too vigorously with another woman, even while his wife was playing with their children. Or maybe a husband on holiday with his mistress, confounded by being discovered by a friend of his wife's. She could never understand how some men could be so stupid.

Lucky for her, the liaison with the captain had been a secret, and it had ended quickly when she'd found out about him being married. Bastard. She'd never have gone there if she'd known.

She set her mind wondering over Dylan's left hand. It had been ring free, and there was no telltale tan mark from a ring removed, either. If she'd checked Captain Atkinson's hands a bit better, she might have come out of the whole affair unscathed. But Dylan's hands were definitely single.

Those hands. They'd certainly wanted to consummate something. Perhaps tonight she might just let them.

She saw Felicity and waved.

"How was your day?" Felicity asked casually.

"Lovely," Michaela gushed, her thoughts of the evening with Dylan still simmering.

"Oh." Felicity paused, her demeanor changing. "Great."

She'd been nervous about something, Michaela realized, but whatever it was, it seemed to have passed.

Michaela's pager buzzed. "It's the captain. Must run. Meet you for a drink later?" she asked. Felicity nodded, and Michaela went to answer her call.

The captain's face was stern when Michaela arrived on the bridge, putting her on alert. There had been times when passengers hadn't arrived back on the ship as instructed, and it was always a frantic scramble to try and find them. They'd left port with no fuss, though, and were now powering back toward Auckland Harbor. The cruise had whizzed by. They would be in New Zealand the next afternoon.

"Can you leave us, please?" The captain dismissed his staff.

A sense of foreboding washed over Michaela. Had one of her staff done something? Had Dylan...? She looked about the bridge for some sort of clue. A note, some paperwork of any kind, but there were just the usual charts on the captain's desk, and his computer monitor showed only navigational radar readings.

"It has been brought to my attention that you have been having relations with someone onboard."

Oh, dear lord, I'm going to kill Jake. Michaela tried to remember the look on Jake's face. Had he seemed triumphant? Ready to dish the dirt on her?

"Well? Are you going to deny it?" The captain spoke in a clipped tone, as if he would like nothing better than to throw her overboard and be done with this business.

Michaela shook her head. Jake had looked genuine in his vow to be discreet, but clearly he hadn't been all that genuine. "It's only been the one time."

"One time too many." The captain warmed up, starting to enjoy himself. "I knew it was a bad idea putting a woman in this position. Too much power goes to your head, and then look where you end up. You'll be lucky to work in this industry again now. You'll have to resign straight away. Lucky it's the end of this cruise." He paused. "Perhaps you'll be able to start again in another industry. You worked in music before, didn't you? That might work. I hear they're a bit more forgiving of this sort of thing. Groupies, et cetera."

"What?" Michaela's jaw dropped. It was officially frowned on to have liaisons with other staff, but to lose her job over it? To be threatened with never working in the cruise business again? She hadn't thought the captain would stoop this low.

"Well, what did you expect? Using a position of power to seduce a younger man. And the way you did it-quite outrageous."

"Seduce?"

"The passengers are all talking about it, so we have to make an example of you. You understand, of course." The captain smirked at her, his expression full of disdain.

So Dylan had been too good to be true.

And here she'd been thinking of the stupidity of men only moments ago. What a fool she'd been. "He said I seduced him?"

"He did. Or so I hear. It's good to see that you're not trying to deny it. That makes it much simpler to deal with. No need to bring in those human resources people from head office or any of that. Investigations get messy. We'll keep it simple, shall we? I'll expect your resignation on my desk in the morning. You can hand over your responsibilities to your deputy." His face closed against her, and she could read nothing in his eyes.

"But I-"

"I'm afraid there isn't anything else to say about the matter. I have to admit that despite my concerns about your being a woman in this position, I thought you'd done a fairly good job. I'm surprised at you. Surprised and disappointed."

Michaela opened her mouth to speak, but he held up a hand.

"That will be all. Thank you." He turned away from her, pulling himself up to his full height and dismissing her from his office and her life onboard with an utter lack of sympathy.

Lifting her legs was like trying to move lead, but Michaela managed to shift one in front of the other and shuffle out of the bridge back to her stateroom. She could feel the hot sting of tears threatening to fall, and she poked her nails into the palms of her hands to stop them. She refused to cry in front of anyone.

A couple of passengers passed her by, and this time she noticed the looks she was getting from the men rather than the women. A younger man, probably in his early twenties, leered at her in a way that was entirely inappropriate between a passenger and a crew member, and she hurried away, worried that some other rumor might get started and that her distress was more evident than she thought.

When she got to her stateroom, she was alarmed to find Dylan waiting outside her door. "You're not someone I want to see right now," she said flatly.

His face fell, the filthy grin that had been waiting for her erased by disappointment.

After looking about her to check that they were alone in the corridor, Michaela sighed. "You better come in before someone else reports us."

"What? Who? What are you talking about?" Dylan looked confused, giving no hint of the man who must have reported her for "seducing" him. Forget dancing, he was an amazing actor.

"The captain knows. I've just been up on the bridge. He's threatening my job, my whole career." She bit her lip, determined not to cry. "I've been instructed to resign."

"Jake would never have said anything. And if he did, who cares anyway? Everyone else does it. The captain can hardly make you resign over-"

Michaela stopped him with a hand on his chest. "He said you accused me of seducing you." The words were hard, and even as she said them Michaela still couldn't believe the man in front of her could have stooped to such an accusation. "He said he was told that I used my position of power to influence you into being with me. Made it sound like we did something revolting."

"Well, he's clearly got it all wrong. It was definitely me doing the seducing." A smile flirted with the corners of his eyes. His hands moved toward her waist.

Indignation got the better of her, and she shoved him away, much harder than necessary. "You accuse me of seducing you, putting my job and my career in jeopardy, and now you're turning it into some kind of joke?"

The smile dropped away completely. "I'm not sure that was really called for."

"You're not sure, huh? My career isn't worth much anyway, is that what you're trying to say?" Even as she said the words, they sounded hollow and harsh.

"You know that's not what I was saying. You're upset, I'm sorry, but the captain's clearly got his wires crossed. It'll get sorted out. Don't worry about it."

"Don't worry about it? I'm told to resign and all you can say is I'm sorry, don't worry about it?" She practically spat the words and watched the shock at her vehement outburst spread over Dylan's face. "I think you should leave."

"I don't think that's a good idea," he said. "You're in no state to be left alone. Calm down before you do anything stupid."

"Now I'm stupid?"

"God damn it, that's not what I meant." His voice ratcheted up a notch, his exasperation finally turning to full-blown anger. "I didn't say anything about us to anyone. That you could think I did clearly shows how little you think of me."

A glimmer of reason tried to get Michaela's attention, but she dismissed it. She was too angry. Enough was enough. "What I think of you is no longer important. You asked me to tell you I didn't want you. Well, you got your wish. I don't want you. I never really did, I was just confused by being on my own for so long."

His expression turned icy. "You don't mean that."

"It was just a silly fling. I was a fool to think anything good could come out of it."

Dylan looked at her carefully, calculation in his eyes. "Sure."

They were both silent a moment. Then he shrugged. "It's just a job," Dylan said, his voice flat. "Think of this as an opportunity to start a new career. You said you were almost done with cruise ships, anyway."

"Stop trying to tell me what to do with my life. If I lose this job, I lose everything."

"Everything?"

"Everything." The anger left her, and her whole body sagged. The truth that she had built her life around her career finally slammed into her. She really would have nothing if she was forced to resign.

Michaela held back a sob. It felt as if someone had pulled the bones from inside of her but left the skin and muscles and organs intact.

"Well, then. I'll get out of your way." Dylan straightened, turned on his heel, and stalked out of the room.

The sound of the door closing seemed to echo her life closing in around her. With the evaporation of anger came despondency. Finally, the dam burst, and her tears fell. What was she going to do? The thought of leaving the ship had been appealing when it was on her terms, but to have the decision made for her threw everything into disarray. There would be no international management job now. No job anywhere if the captain had his way. She could hardly get a senior position after leaving Adventurer Cruises under circumstances that implied she couldn't be trusted with power.

Faced with the facts, she realized she had no desire to start all over in another industry. She wanted to go upward, not to begin at the bottom again. Getting off the ship was supposed to herald a new chapter in her life-more responsibility, more money, more prospects. Leaving under these circumstances promised none of that. Oh, how could she have been so stupid?

Michaela threw herself on the bed and cried in earnest. Very soon, her pillow was wet with tears, and her throat was raw. Trying to think through what to do next only brought on another round of tears. "I'm ruined," she said. "I'm going to be one of those women who grow old alone, with nothing." The next round of tears completely exhausted her, and she lay on her bed for almost an hour, empty and unmoving. She stared at the ceiling and felt the movement of the ship through the water. How would she be able to sleep without its gentle rocking? How would she relearn how to cook?

The idea of cooking made her realize she was hungry. Pull yourself together. Crying isn't going to solve anything. But the thought of facing everyone in the canteen was just unbearable. She reached out for the phone and rang Felicity's stateroom.

"Hello? Michaela, is that you?"

Michaela gave a small sob.

"I'm coming."

...

Dylan couldn't believe Michaela would cut him cold like that. She was the one woman he'd felt he'd been able to read. Her candor was so refreshing, so unlike the personalities of the women he usually dated. But now that she was upset, the rawness of her emotional state stabbed at him. And that she could even have thought for a second that he'd reported her to the captain, that he'd said she seduced him... It hurt.

And that was nuts. She was a beautiful woman, sexy, interesting, but all they'd had was a fling. Nothing worth getting bent out of shape over.

Dylan drifted toward his stateroom. They had a music night on tonight, and the dancers who didn't sing weren't required.

On his way downstairs, he saw a group of women huddled together and overheard one of them talking about Michaela. She spotted him.

"Hey sexy, how you doing? Isn't it outrageous? That filthy woman. I didn't think it would be allowed," she said.

"Sorry?" Dylan had heard Michaela's name but now wondered if they were talking about someone else.

"The cruise director seducing a man like that. Hardly even a man-still a boy, really. I mean, I'm sure he enjoyed it. He's certainly been bragging about it, or so everyone's been saying."

Something clicked for Dylan. "Everyone's been saying? With a passenger?" Michaela assumed he or Jake had told tales to the captain, but there was clearly something else going on.

"Oh, yes. And a young one, too. He's only twenty. His parents thought it would be nice to bring him away on a family holiday-you know, before he leaves the nest for good and all that."

"Are you sure?"

"Well, as much as we can be. I mean, I heard from someone who's in with the captain's crew that she hasn't denied it. So it must be true, mustn't it?"

"Do you know his name?" Dylan asked.

The women looked at each other. "Christopher something, wasn't it?"

"Christopher Fielding," one of the others said.

Dylan nodded his head and made to leave, anger burning within him.

"Do you think you'll have a bit more time to dance with us this evening? You know, seeing as the cruise director doesn't need babysitting anymore?"

You, ladies, are the last people I want to spend time with.

He gave them a quick wink and a flash of smile, walking away before he said something he would regret.

Christopher Fielding? Michaela would never have cheated on him with a passenger. She was just too honest. The captain probably hadn't even confronted her with the whole story-he'd probably made an allegation of infidelity, and Michaela had copped to it. She hadn't admitted to having relations with Christopher Fielding. She'd admitted to her affair with Dylan.

The captain was a right piece of work, making her resign without even bothering to check the facts. Michaela hadn't been exaggerating about him, that's for sure. It was time someone stood up for her. Maybe he wasn't the best candidate-not after the argument they'd had-but if not him, who would do it? She didn't seem to have a lot of allies on board, and being asked to resign had genuinely upset her. Michaela cared about her work. It was her passion-she'd told him the first night they talked. It was one of the things he enjoyed about her, and he didn't want her to lose it over a stupid misunderstanding.

Besides, if it weren't for him, she'd never have admitted having an affair to the captain. In a strange, circuitous way, this was all his fault.

All right, Christopher Fielding. I'm coming to get you.

He didn't have far to go. A group of young men were heading to the onboard casino, laughing and ribbing each other. They looked about the right age.

"Hey guys," Dylan said, trying to keep his voice light.

The group turned, a couple of the men shying away from his broad shoulders and large fists. "Do any of you know Christopher Fielding? I need to have a chat with him about..." Dylan searched his mind for something feasible. "...disembarking in Auckland. There's a form he needs."

The boys visibly relaxed, and one of them nodded. "Yeah, I just saw him by the pool. That way."

Dylan nodded his thanks and headed for the forward pool, his hands clenching and unclenching as he walked. Be calm.

But he couldn't help it. Michaela was his. He pictured her, smile restored, and picked up his pace.

Really? When did you decide to care?

"Well, I'm certainly not losing out to some twenty-nothing, pimple-faced boy and his sad attempt at gossip," he growled under his breath.

A fair-skinned young man stood beside the main bar. "Excuse me," Dylan said, his voice light. "Are you Christopher Fielding, by any chance?"

"Depends who wants to know." The youth turned to face Dylan. His face, already paler than most, whitened further, but Dylan didn't let him hesitate. He took Christopher's arm and guided him forcefully to the more private tables in the corner of the deck.

Christopher looked frantically around, checking for security, no doubt. Happily, there was none about, and in any case Dylan would probably be able to get them to help him out when he told them Christopher's story.

"So, I heard you've been having quite the cruise," Dylan said, trying hard to keep his voice casual.

"Um, yeah, sure."

"Time of your life, you might say. Getting some luck in with the ladies." Dylan gave him a wink. "I was hoping for a little extra action myself, thought you might be able to give me some pointers."

Christopher relaxed at Dylan's easy tone. "Well, you know how it is. You've got the ladies all over you, hardly thought you'd need any pointers."

Dylan smiled through gritted teeth. "Cruise director is a bit of all right, though, isn't she? Pretty good for her age."

"Yeah. I mean, I'm not usually into older chicks, but she's pretty fine, and I mean, what am I going to do? I can hardly stop her wanting me, can I?" The color had returned to Christopher's face. As he bragged, his chest puffed up. A bloody rooster.

For a moment, there was a flash of red in front of Dylan, and he thought he might actually punch the boy for being so selfish. Instead, he stalked through a doorway, hauling Christopher with him.

"What on earth possessed you to make up a story about the cruise director? You don't even know her, and she's much older than you. Why not pick someone young and less important?" Dylan's anger laced every word.

"I guess I just thought..." The younger man blushed, his body shaking, and then he blurted out, "Well, she's always dancing with people, and then I saw her getting pulled into some guy's room. I mean, she'd gone into the crew area, through one of those big blue doors, but it hadn't closed, and as she went up to a stateroom door someone grabbed her and she smiled. You know, she looked like she was into it. I just thought...dunno. I guess I let my imagination get carried away."

He saw her coming into my room.

"We're going to tell the captain the real story," Dylan said, giving Christopher an authoritative look. "Just the bit about you making stuff up to look cool. He doesn't need to know anything else."

"Oh." Christopher's head drooped, but Dylan gave him another stern look. The boy needed to know exactly who was in charge.

"Okay," the younger man said, his head nodding up and down.

...

There was a gentle knock on Michaela's door. "It's me." Felicity's voice came through the wood and metal.

Michaela dragged herself off the bed and let her friend into the room.

"Oh, sweetheart."

"I'm an idiot," Michaela said. The two women hugged, and yet another burst of tears erupted from her.

"I'm so sorry. I heard someone say something about you earlier, but you seemed so unconcerned, I thought it must have been nothing." Felicity shook her head.

"Nothing!"

Michaela took three deep breaths, then told Felicity about her conversation with the captain.

"The bastard," Felicity hissed. "Saying that a woman couldn't do your job. As if he would do any better-he needs a staff of ten to make sure he doesn't forget anything."

Michaela smiled. Oh, it was good to smile.

"And the captain said it's Dylan who's been telling tall tales? The bloody cheek! I'll have that man on toast."

"We did sort of..." Michaela hesitated, but there was nothing to lose now. "Dylan and I... We..."

"You fox!" Felicity's delight was immediate. "Was he scrumptious?"

"Oh, God!" Michaela's heart dropped again at the thought of the gossip that was even now whirling around the ship. "Everyone's been saying I seduced him. That I used my position to take advantage."

"And I bet it was him that snared you, wasn't it? The toad, trying to look squeaky clean." Felicity switched from triumphant sex-gossip to compassionate friend in a heartbeat. "What's he trying to prove, that he's hot enough to score the cruise director for starters and then have dessert of those dancing twins? Just wait until I get hold of him."

Despite the relief it gave her to hear Felicity pour scorn onto the men who were making her life a misery, Michaela was still floundering. "What am I going to do?"

"Don't worry. We'll find out what really happened."

Just then, the phone rang. The women looked at each other. "You expecting more news?" Felicity asked.

Michaela shook her head. "Try and make them go away," she whispered.

Felicity picked up the receiver, then immediately covered it. "It's bloody him!"

"The captain?"

"No, Dylan."

Michaela flapped her hand at the phone, dismissing the idea of talking to Dylan. Not now. Not ever.

Felicity didn't give him a chance to get going. "Don't you think you've done enough damage? Why don't you just get lost? Leave her alone." She paused. "Why should she believe anything you say? No, wait. Don't bother to answer. I can't even trust you to breathe with honesty." She hung up with a flourish, indignation written large on her face. "Don't worry, sweets," she said, patting Michaela's arm. "This will all get sorted out."

The phone rang again.

"Hello?" Felicity listened a second, then covered the receiver. "Captain's assistant," she whispered. "The captain wants to see you on the bridge."

"Okay, I'll be fifteen minutes."

"Fine." Felicity relayed the message and hung up the phone. Michaela groaned again. The ceiling she had stared at only hours earlier now seemed like a different dimension, as if she could fall forward into an abyss. Was there going to be more humiliation?

She blinked until the ceiling flattened and became a ceiling again. She wished she could lay her emotions out flat so she could climb over them rather than have them tangling her legs. "I've got to go. Wish me luck," she said to Felicity, and set off for the bridge with a heavy heart.

...

"What the hell were you thinking, taking his word for it? Don't you usually check the facts first?"

Michaela heard the row before she even entered the bridge. Was that Dylan shouting? She hesitated at the door. There was something about the challenge in his voice that gave her pause-and a thrill. Was he taking up for her? She unclenched her hands, tried to steady herself as gratitude, indignation, and hope washed over her all at once.

"She didn't deny it." That was the captain.

"You probably didn't give her a chance to deny anything. I bet you bully all your female staff." That was definitely Dylan. Was he crazy?

Michaela couldn't move, her hand stuck on the doorknob, but suddenly the door opened, pulling her into the room.

"Here she is. Do you deny it this time?" the captain asked.

Michaela stammered as she looked between the furious faces of her two ex-lovers.

"She doesn't even know what she's denying. Wait." Dylan held up a hand to silence the captain. "Do you know this boy?" Dylan thrust a pale-faced youth she hadn't noticed in front of her.

"Him? Um, I'm not sure, is he a passenger? Are you a passenger?" she asked the young man.

"You don't know his name?" Dylan's eyes shimmered.

"No, should I?" Michaela's confusion must have shown clearly on her face. "What are you doing here? What's going on?"

"His name is Christopher, but you really didn't know that, did you?" The corner of Dylan's mouth curled into a smile.

"I'm sorry," Christopher said. "I, um..." He trailed off.

"Come on lad, speak up." The captain was gruff, no doubt riled by Dylan's tirade.

"I'm sorry. I made the whole thing up. I said that you seduced me 'cause...well, I was trying to impress the others." The words came out of Christopher in a rush. "I'm sorry I said anything, and I'm really sorry it got you in trouble."

"So you won't lose your job, or your position, or anything." Dylan spoke to her, but his eyes remained fixed on the captain, a challenge in every word.

Michaela looked from one to the other, trying to take it all in. The mess wasn't anything to do with her liaison with Dylan, just as he'd said. The entire situation was about this young boy. "You just made the story up?"

Christopher nodded.

Several seconds passed, and a flush crested up the captain's face. "Yes, all just a big misunderstanding," he said finally. "Get him out of here." The captain pushed the young man into the protective custody of one of his assistants, who hurried the passenger toward the door.

"Hang on," Michaela said, suddenly finding her anger. "I almost lost my job, and that's all you have to say?"

"Nothing we can do about it now. And we'll have a whole new load of passengers shortly." The captain turned, his white shoes squeaking in his haste to get away. Dylan put out a hand.

"Don't you think she deserves an apology, Captain?" Dylan's voice was calm, but his eyes demanded a response.

"Not from me. The boy should have known better." The captain paused as if about to say something else to Dylan, but he must have thought better of it. "This will be the end of it. Michaela." He nodded to her, and one of his assistants ushered them all off the bridge.

Christopher scuttled away, almost breaking into a run as he looked back over his shoulder into Michaela's angry eyes. She was left standing outside the bridge with her indignation and Dylan, who watched her closely.

This was more than just an unexpected turn of events. She'd witnessed something in Dylan-a powerful protective streak that she hadn't known was there. It was enticing, but made her wonder about his past. Surely no mere dancer would be able to muster such authority, to make even Captain Atkinson bow to his will?

What did she know about Dylan Johns really? He knew plenty of her history, but there was a glaring gap where his life story should have been in her mind. She'd been so caught up in the romance of it, feeling safe with him, feeling sexy, she hadn't looked that deeply into who Dylan really was. That was just asking for trouble. She'd learned as much from her affair with the captain. But every minute she spent with him was a minute she felt richer, more feminine, more alive. That was worth a bit of risk, wasn't it?

As they walked away from the bridge, Michaela became conscious of Dylan's eyes on her. He wasn't involved in this at all. There were no allegations about him and her. He was simply a spectator. "What are you doing here?"

"I found Christopher. He'd been boasting, the rumor got around, and I refused to accept what he'd done."

"You saved me," Michaela whispered, still not quite able to believe it. "You saved my job."

"I guess."

She looked up into his eyes. "What were you thinking, talking to the captain like that? You were the one who told me to be subtle with him."

"I don't do subtle." He thrust out his jaw. "Like I told you, I've met his type before, all bluster and bullying tactics. I've had more practice dealing with them than you have."

There it was again-the hint of another past.

"This will be fine, don't worry," Dylan continued. "Anyway, I could have got caught up in the mix. That boy thought you were an easy target because he spotted us together. He was skulking around the crew quarters, and he saw me pulling you into my stateroom."

"That boy saw us?"

"Well, not us, exactly. He saw you going into someone else's stateroom, and he seemed pretty clear what you were about to get up to."

Michaela didn't know whether to be flattered Dylan had bothered to rescue her or worried there'd be more repercussions from the captain.

"Come on, I'll get you a drink. You look like you need one." Dylan's smile promised all sorts of treats.

Michaela could think of nothing better than to fall into those open arms and be held and reassured that everything would be all right. But not here. Not now. Perhaps not ever. "I think I just need time alone," she said. "I'd be better to go and lie down."

"I'll come with you," Dylan said instantly. "Make sure you get off to sleep all right. I know just the technique to relax every part of you." He reached out a hand to pull her toward him.

"No," she said quickly and backed off. "I don't need to be seen with anyone else tonight." She thought of the young boy and his rumor-mongering.

Dylan's face hardened.

"But thank you," she said, and meant it. "Thank you for finding out what really happened. Night."

She turned without waiting to see the look on his face and walked quickly back to her stateroom.

Every part of her felt terrible.

Chapter Eight

Fool.

What the hell had he been thinking? He'd challenged the captain of the entire ship, and instead of falling gratefully into his arms, Michaela had run scared. As he watched her walk away, a strange sensation washed over him.

Sea-sickness? Surely not.

He looked at his hands, realizing they felt empty.

Odd. Perhaps it was just the adrenaline leaving his system after having it out with the captain.

He hadn't been lying when he said he'd met Captain Atkinson's type before. The onset of a paunch made some men feel threatened, and to make up for the menace of aging they took to bullying those around them. Usually it was a string of younger women, but the captain apparently made do with his plentiful staff. Stand up to a man like that with a decent argument, and they usually backed down without too much of a fight. What was true in the business world seemed to be true in the cruise ship world.

You better hope so.

With any luck, the captain wouldn't want to risk being embarrassed by another standoff with him. But either way, the damage was done now. The bigger question was why Dylan had gotten so riled in the first place. This thing with Michaela was supposed to be casual.

Then again, "this thing" wasn't much of anything now. The strange feeling washed over him again, and he shook his head to get rid of it.

It was too bad Michaela had been scared off. He'd been looking forward to consummating their affair.

Something buzzed in his pocket, and Dylan reached instinctively for his cell. Of course-they were docking in the morning. Land wasn't far off, so reception would be back online. Sweeping the screen, he scanned his messages. Five from Brian and ten from Lily. For a moment, he considered ignoring them. He was supposed to be away for three months, letting them sort out their problems themselves.

But the kids might have used Lily's phone to call him. They sometimes did that. Giving his brother and sister-in-law time out was one thing, and abandoning the kids was another. They'd been upset enough when he told them he was leaving.

He turned to go find Michaela, thinking it would be good to talk the situation over with her.

Dylan stopped in his tracks as the realization hit him like a slap of cold water. Michaela Western wasn't his to share with. The feeling he'd discerned washing over him wasn't sea-sickness, it was a sense of loss.

Maybe he should have told her why he was here, asked her for advice. She might have some insight into the situation that he'd failed to find over the years.

Lily's kids deserved someone with Michaela's strength in their lives. Someone who told it like it was, but with a smile. Someone who was clear about who they were and what they wanted out of life.

But what good would unburdening himself with her have done? Michaela didn't owe him anything, and she sure couldn't help resolve the mess Brian had made of his family. It wasn't even his mess to resolve. It was just a drama he'd found himself drawn into again and again because of his empathy for his nephews and Lily, and because some shred of loyalty in him still hoped Brian would pull his head out of his ass and become a decent father.

Michaela wouldn't have anything helpful to say. It wasn't the kind of problem that had a solution.

Talking to her might have got rid of this annoying feeling, though.

Dylan steeled himself. He didn't need anyone's help. Certainly not the help of the cruise director of a ship he'd leave soon and likely never return to.

He opened the first text message. "They're family," he reminded himself, and started reading.

...

The next day was the last of the cruise, and the ship was already most of the way down the long stretch of Waitemata harbor in Auckland when the passengers woke. It took some time for the ship to dock and for all the disembarking procedures to be finalized, leaving plenty of time for passengers to wander the decks, gossiping and waving to people on the streets below.

Michaela woke groggy and listened to the bustle of the ship. The entire drama came back, playing out in vivid color. She groaned as she thought about going outside among passengers who had assumed so easily that she had seduced a youth hardly old enough to be called a man. If only her office were in a hidden part of the ship.

Dragging herself up, she stood under the shower, dressed, and tiptoed out of her room, up the back stairs, and-joy of joys-into her office undiscovered.

She soon lost herself in the busy clamor of coordinating the entertainment for the next cruise. It was only when her deputy walked in that she remembered how easily she might have been replaced. Forever.

"God, what a nightmare," Darren, her deputy, said after an awkward silence. "I'm so glad everything was sorted out. I couldn't believe the accusations, none of us could."

"Everyone knew?" Michaela asked.

"Sorry. You have to admit, it was pretty good gossip."

Michaela sighed, and then a laugh bubbled to the surface. It was true. Juicy gossip was gold on board. "I guess it was-me seducing some boy, practically still a teenager."

Darren snorted. "I was pretty impressed. I mean, you're hot for sure, but that's a lot more cougar than I thought you had in you..."

The two of them dissolved into laughter, and Michaela felt the tension of the previous evening start to dissolve. Relief affected people in different ways, she realized. Despite her vow to leave the ship, she was very relieved that she wasn't being forced off.

When Darren left and Michaela had finally got over the giggles, she turned back to her computer. Opening a file marked "personal," she scanned through six years of photographs, thank-you letters, and mementos of her time on board. "I've got a good job," she said aloud.

A great job. She was still young-young enough to inspire seduction stories. Clicking the files closed, she made a decision. She wasn't leaving just yet.

The captain had so easily dismissed her abilities because she was a woman. No doubt he'd relished having an excuse to get rid of her. Jealousy was a powerful drug, and the way the captain had looked at her had illustrated just what a nasty enemy he could be if she wasn't careful.

Well, he wouldn't be able to brandish his power again. She would be the picture of professionalism, and that meant no more Dylan.

They hadn't even spent a whole evening together, yet the thought of not talking to him, not admiring him as he danced-of being his boss and nothing else-turned her heart to concrete.

But she could avoid him. He hardly needed her to watch over him. Performing would be easier for him on the next cruise, Michaela knew. The nerves would only be there to provide adrenaline before stepping on stage, and the routines would be more familiar. She'd seen this situation before-once the team got into a groove, the shows just got better and better.

"Better and better," she muttered. He was already spectacular, so seeing Dylan at his peak would be something else.

Michael couldn't help but think about Dylan getting better in the bedroom, too. Even though it had been a few days since their moment of passion, her skin still tingled whenever she thought about their time together in the shower. And his smile...

No. She would keep her hands to herself and her eyes on her work. He hadn't promised to sweep her off her feet and take her away from all this. Quite the opposite, he seemed excited about being onboard-more excited even than the younger dancers. He was probably just looking for someone to keep his bed warm while he worked out his passion on stage. Then, when he'd had his fill, he'd leave the cruise business-and her-for good.

Then where would she be?

Still onboard and alone.

But still, here was better than nowhere, and that, she realized with a shiver, was where she might well have been if the young man's story hadn't been disputed.

She strode out of her office, determined to focus on work, but as she pushed through a door she discovered Dylan right in front of her. He leaned over the railing, talking animatedly on his cell.

"God damn it, you were the one who told me to get out of the way for three months. This isn't my problem, remember? Not unless you want it to be all of a sudden." Dylan paused. "Of course I'm not going to step in. You were right, I'm not the marrying type."

The concrete in Michaela's heart crumbled a little, an edge breaking off and lodging itself uncomfortably in her stomach. He had told her he wasn't keen on marriage, but she'd thought maybe...maybe she would stop the captain being an ass, keep her career, win Dylan's heart, and live happily ever after? Good one.

She looked for an escape route, but if she opened the door to go back into her office, Dylan would have noticed she was there.

"Put them on then." Dylan's posture changed, the anger that had held him rigid softening as he pushed back from the rail and stood up. "Hey, you guys looking after Mommy?"

A child? Children? Michaela reeled. He'd said he liked kids, not that he already had them.

"You need to look after her. Yes, I know, it's a bit hard at the moment, but it's going to get better, you'll see. Yes, I'll come visit you again soon. I know you don't like it when I'm not in town, but Brian is there now. You looking after him? Good. Yes, I said I'd see you soon. Promise. Okay. Yes, love you too, bye." He finished the call and swung around. "Michaela."

She'd turned, pushing through the door and fleeing into her office.

"Michaela, wait." He pushed into the room.

"You can't be in here." She tried to shove him back out the door, but he took both her hands in his.

"Stop. You weren't supposed to hear that."

"Obviously."

"I didn't mean it like that." He dropped her hands and rubbed his jaw, clearly considering what to tell her. Michaela tensed, irritated with herself because even though she'd just heard him talking to his kids and dissing their mother, she still wanted to touch him.

"How much did you hear?" he asked.

"Enough to know that you're not a very good father."

"Father?" Dylan laughed. Laughed! She couldn't believe it.

"I'm not a father."

"Sure sounded like it to me." Michaela knew she was being defensive-possessive, even-but she didn't care.

"Sit. I should have told you about this at the beginning." He led her forcefully to a chair and sat down beside her. "They aren't my kids. They're my brother's. And I'm not really a dancer. I run our family company."

Michaela was too stunned to say anything.

"I don't even know why I'm telling you that part. You could have me fired for lying my way into the audition, but I don't think you will. I think I know you well enough to trust you on this."

"You think you know me?" Michaela's hackles rose so high, she felt like she had thorns bursting through her skin. "You lied, and I should keep your secret?"

Dylan's eyes narrowed. "I had to get away. My brother cheated on my sister-in-law, has been pretty much doing his own thing for ten years and left me to run the family business. I looked after his wife and kids every time he was gone. Then he came home last year-he says for good this time-and he wanted to be super dad and the conquering businessman all at once. My mother, my sister-in-law...they both think he deserves one more chance, so what choice did I have? The kids are only twelve and seven years old. They need a dad. But Lily kept running to me instead of working it out with him. I was in the way."

"So you thought you'd become a dancer on a cruise ship? What's wrong with taking a normal holiday?"

"Yeah, seems a bit rich, doesn't it? My mother danced, and I had planned to go to dance school before Brian ran off the first time. I saw the poster for the auditions, and it all seemed like it was meant to be." He looked down at her with hooded eyes, but she didn't buy the "meant to be" line. Not from Dylan.

"I figured working on the ship would give me something to do," he said. "I'm not very good at holidays."

Michaela was glad she was sitting down. He was right, she wanted to believe him and even admire him for his honesty. "It's not just that, though, is it? You love dancing. It's obvious to everyone who watches you."

He shrugged.

"You're going to admit that you lied your way into an audition so you could dance, but not that you love it?"

"I guess I didn't...or I'd forgotten." He paused, and his face creased as he considered what she'd said. "It's good to move. Nice to work my body so much for a change. But it doesn't really make any difference. It's nice for three months is all."

His crestfallen look touched at something deep inside Michaela. He was lost, alone with his thoughts, and she was almost loath to speak. The pause lengthened until she couldn't resist. "Does it have to be just for three months?"

Dylan started, and the vulnerability she'd seen vanished. He'd locked it up tight somewhere deep inside of him, replacing it with the arrogance that she now understood he wore as a mask.

"Getting away is nice," he said. "Being out of the office is nice. Being with you is nice. Maybe it could be our little secret?" He gave her a winning smile.

She returned his smile, despite her disappointment that the sincere Dylan had disappeared again. "I'm your boss, remember? Do you expect me to lie for you?"

"No. But..." He gave a pretty good imitation of someone trying not to look smug, even though she didn't believe it for a second. "It doesn't look like you have to. Turns out I'm a pretty good dancer-or so you keep telling me." The look turned from smug to confident. "Why would anyone care where I've come from?"

"That's not the point."

Dylan sighed, dropping his bravado for a moment. "I just wanted you to know everything. Lily and her kids are family, and I know what it's like to grow up without a father. They've counted on me for so much, I wanted to do what was best for them. I had to take a break in a way they would believe, in a way that didn't make them feel like I was abandoning them. I thought you might understand that. I thought you valued family, too. It's up to you what you do."

He stood and walked out of her office with no more ceremony than if he'd only popped in to tell her what was for lunch.

...

Michaela's drink that evening with Felicity was a welcome distraction from her thoughts. They sat in a dark corner in one of the more sophisticated bars on the ship. While upstairs there were glossy counters and golden lights, midships offered a couple of cocktail lounges where people could find a modicum of privacy. Michaela sipped at the Emerald Dream that Felicity had put in front of her and thought about the last time she had had the same drink. A sigh escaped her, and Felicity gave her a sharp look.

"Sorry. Just thinking about the captain telling me I was less capable of being cruise director because I was a woman," she lied.

"I can't believe he said that to you," Felicity snarled. "And then to be so damn unapologetic."

Banishing the sigh and its cousin, regret, Michaela flapped her hand, dismissing the captain and her thoughts of Dylan Johns. "So give me some mindless gossip," she said. "I know I don't usually ask, but I need the distraction."

Felicity gave her a gentle smile and put a finger to her mouth as if contemplating which piece of juicy gossip to impart. "Well, Mr. Chocolate has gotten together with one of your young dancers, one of the twins, I think. It's entirely unfair-I'm probably much better in bed than her-but I guess she is only twenty, and she's gorgeous. He's been pretty vocal about the fact he's just looking for a bit of tail."

"You mean you're going to let him get away with it?"

"I can hardly force him to want my middle-aged self, can I? He's the fool that doesn't know what experience counts for. Although I could tie him up with so much paperwork that he has to be down at my feet the whole time, I guess. Nice idea." Felicity gave her a grin.

"I meant flaunting a relationship with another staffer. You're going to let him parade her around?"

"Oh, come on, it's not news, is it? I think this is probably man number five for little miss dancer, and it's not like Mr. Chocolate is married or anything."

Michaela blushed, thinking of the captain, but Felicity must have missed it in the dim light.

"You've not noticed the sneaky flashes of eyebrow and the giggling in the corridors? And before you go off ranting at your dancer, you can't tell me you don't know about all the admin staff. God, this ship is one of the filthiest I've been on. Must be the captain setting a good example." Felicity laughed.

Michaela looked at her friend blankly.

"I know you know about the captain." Felicity wasn't smiling now. "The two-faced bastard, at least he's not with his wife anymore. Sort of makes his philandering okayish. But to go and tear strips off you for having an affair, that's pretty rich."

"You know?"

"About you and the captain? Sorry, sweets, but everyone knew. I heard about it as part of my induction. Privacy is pretty hard to come by on a ship."

"But-"

"Everyone figured you'd put yourself out of bounds after that."

"Everyone knew? Everyone knows?" Michaela couldn't keep the dismay out of her voice.

"Everyone knows about everyone. It's not like anyone thinks the worse of you. The whole staff thought the captain was a bit of a catch. Not so much anymore, of course, now that it's obvious he's just a dirty player-and, let's be honest, he's letting himself go. I don't know what Bridget thinks she's doing."

"Bridget from security is with the captain?" Michaela was incredulous.

"Yep. Almost three months. That's probably a record for him."

"But you never said anything."

"You made it pretty clear you didn't want to talk about that sort of thing. I thought you still saw what was going on, though. Are you sure we've been on the same ship these last months?"

"I guess I've been busy."

Had she? Or had she chosen not to see?

"I know. You've really thrown yourself back into it now, though, haven't you? But you are allowed a bit of fun, you know. Everyone thought you and Dylan would make a great couple. He obviously really likes you."

"What?" Michaela's yelp turned several heads in the bar, and she had to duck to hide from the enquiring glances. "What?" she hissed.

"Come on, do you think no one noticed? Last cruise, Dylan wouldn't let you dance with anyone else, and you had a secret little smile on your face all the time. Then the whole Christopher thing... You didn't deny you were with someone."

Michaela was reeling-first because people had known all along about her dalliances with the captain and Dylan, and second to learn anyone cared about her love life. "But I can't." She didn't add that Dylan had lied his way onto the ship and that he would be leaving at the end of his contract.

"I think if you took a poll of your staff, you'd find you can. And they'd love it if you did. They were just getting used to you smiling and laughing with them when you put your shell back up."

Michaela said nothing. She couldn't think what to say.

"Look," Felicity continued, "if you've gone off him, fair enough, but don't turn yourself into a nun because you think you should."

"But the captain... I have to prove to him that a woman can do this job just as well as a man. Better, even."

"Oh, Michaela, you practically told Captain Atkinson you'd got it on with Dylan. Remember, you admitted to having a tryst? He was just spiky that you weren't pining for him anymore. He'll be fine as long as Bridget keeps putting out."

A glimmer of something warm came to life in Michaela's stomach. Then her heart caught up, and finally her head.

This was a man she really liked.

And she could be with him without jeopardizing her job.

Felicity sat back, holding Michaela by the shoulders and peering into her face. "Oh my God! You're still totally into him, aren't you?"

The small nod Michaela gave belied the way she really felt. Dylan had been honest with her, even though telling her his secrets could have lost him his place on her staff. If their budding relationship wasn't going to affect her role, what did it matter if she started something with him?

A relationship? Hmm...maybe not that. But even a bit of short-term fun would be better than not seeing him at all. The concrete in her chest softened, and her heart beat a little faster. "How am I going to see him? I can't turn up at his stateroom door."

"Why not? His roomie is hardly going to mind. Or perhaps you can just call him and demand an urgent meeting in your stateroom," Felicity said, a twinkle in her eye.

Michaela shook her head. She still took her position and the threat of the captain making her life a misery seriously.

"Go ashore, then. We're in Vanuatu tomorrow."

"Oh!" Michaela exclaimed. "Really?"

Felicity said nothing.

"Really. Right, where shall we start?"

Best she took control back on her own terms. It was time she got what she wanted.

With Felicity's help, Michaela booked a room in a secluded resort. Then she slipped a note-firmly sealed against the prying eyes of his roommate-under Dylan's stateroom door. She had ummed and ahhed about what to write, but in the end she played it safe.

Please allow me to thank you for saving my career and reputation. Thank you for being honest with me. Meet me ashore at ten o'clock tomorrow morning at the Pacific Sun Resort. They are expecting us.

Chapter Nine

Michaela hugged herself as her small boat drew up to the secluded entrance.

The Pacific Sun Resort was a new one, affiliated with a large European five-star chain. It had all the modern amenities, including sparkling swimming pools, a spa, and a gourmet restaurant. The staff whispered in and out of view, always there when they were needed and gone when privacy was wanted. But it was run by Ni-Vanuatu, the people of Vanuatu, and so with all its modern facilities came an island calm, bright smiles, gentle words, brilliant flowers in bloom on every table, and laughter simmering just below the surface.

The vacation spot was located at the border of the native forest on a private island in the Port Villa harbor. Despite its proximity to the mainland and to her ship, Michaela felt she was a million miles away. The location had only twelve rooms, and Felicity had ensured there would be no one else from the ship there, guaranteeing that she and Dylan would have privacy.

Michaela inhaled the scent of sea air, tropical blossoms, and rich green forest and smiled. She needed this. The only question was whether Dylan would show.

No sooner had his name flickered through her mind than she saw him waiting on the small jetty. He stood, looking relaxed and almost tranquil in casual clothes. The soft white T-shirt hugged and emphasized his sculpted chest at every curve, and the camel slacks molded to his toned thighs perfectly.

He reached a tanned arm down to help her out of the boat. Usually she would have refused, priding herself on her own ability, but today her balance seemed strangely off, and as she stood on shore the ground swayed a little beneath her. "Wow, I haven't had wobbly land legs for months," she said. She realized with a start that she hadn't been off the boat for the longest time.

"They'll go soon enough."

She laughed despite herself. "What would you know about it, hey? You, a veteran of one whole cruise."

He ducked his head. Michaela was gratified to discover there wasn't any of the tension she thought might be between them.

"Madam, sir, this way, please. A table has been prepared for you." A porter had magically arrived and now guided them to a private outdoor table where a platter of fresh mango, pawpaw, and melon had been laid out. Michaela looked out over the sea at all the tiny islands stretching away under the tropical sun. The porter set up the canvas shade to their satisfaction and then melted away silently. She nibbled on a slice of succulent mango.

When they were on their own again, Michaela snuck a look at Dylan and discovered to her embarrassment that he was staring at her.

"Do I have fruit on my face?" She put a starched linen napkin up to her mouth.

"No." He smiled. "I'm just glad to see you. You're..." His eyes darted up and down the length of her. "You're a wonderful sight for these sore eyes. I didn't think you'd talk to me again."

Michaela looked at the tablecloth, a smile teasing at the corners of her mouth. She'd taken an inordinate amount of time with her appearance this morning. After ensuring the passengers were all ready to go ashore, she'd rushed back to her stateroom, showered, and smoothed a divine cocoa butter over every inch of her golden skin. Her hair had never been something she did much with-she usually scraped it back into a ponytail or pushed it under a hat. But today she had twisted it into a French knot, holding the sleek pile of hair at the nape of her neck with a simple hair comb. She'd chosen to wear a dress instead of her usual uniform, and when she'd looked at herself in the mirror this morning she'd thought it the perfect shape for her fit figure. The long dusty-pink sheath tied behind her neck and left the expanse of her back bare, gently hugging the slender width of her hips before it fell all the way to the ground.

"Should I say thank you now or wait for your full compliment?" Michaela surprised herself with the flirtatious remark.

Go, girl. Time to show him you really are the boss.

"Pardon me," Dylan said. "What I meant to say was that you look extraordinarily beautiful today." He smiled again, and any sardonic reply that Michaela might have hoped to make faded from her lips.

"Dylan," she began. "We should probably talk."

He held up a hand. "You're right, of course, but can it wait for just a minute or two? We have all day, don't we?"

All day. The things they could get up to with a whole day. He was right, talking could wait. Better to live a little and enjoy whatever was on offer. There was something about him, though, something deeper. She felt a current of elemental pleasure in his company that she didn't want to acknowledge.

She would ignore it. This was about fun, remember? Fun would be enough. It would have to be. Michaela reached out a hand toward his face but quickly redirected it to the fruit platter. She didn't know if she was quite ready for the spark of contact just yet.

They chatted about nothing for a short time, eating the fruit, admiring the view and the quiet. It was easy being with him.

"May I show you to your suite?" The porter had returned, soundlessly arriving to whisk the empty plate away.

Dylan stood and held out a hand for Michaela, a heated look on his face. She nodded, ignoring the hand, and stood to follow the porter along a beautifully manicured path to a suite that rose out of the ocean itself. She felt Dylan's eyes on her back and found her hips swaying provocatively as she walked.

Let him have something to look forward to.

But all thoughts stopped when they arrived at the sheltered entrance to the bungalow. "Oh, it's beautiful," she gasped and turned to give Dylan a huge grin.

"Enjoy." The porter handed her the key, and she glanced down at it. When she looked up again, he'd disappeared.

"How do they do that?" Dylan asked. Michaela could only shrug.

Placing the key on a table, she walked around the room. Her beach bag had already been laid out, and a huge set of French doors stood open, making it feel as if the ocean had access to the room. The interior was all wood, which gave everything a warm and inviting feel. Clever hidden recesses held vases, water jugs, and fruit. The small veranda featured a tailor-made swing seat.

But the dominant feature by far was an enormous four-poster bed covered in hazy white fabric that blew tantalizingly in the warm Pacific breeze. As she stared at the bed, Michaela felt Dylan's hot gaze on her neck, and she quickly headed for her bag. "The island is a marine reserve. I thought we could go snorkeling before lunch," she said.

Dylan came up behind her and gently turned her by the elbow. "Sounds great," he said. "Perhaps we should have that talk first, though. Come, sit with me a while." He led her to an overstuffed white couch, placed to take in the spectacular views.

Michaela sat. "I'm sorry," she said, wanting to apologize first. "I was so quick to assume it was you who had bragged about being with me, and I didn't even give you a chance to deny it. But rather than giving up on me, you went and found out the real story and saved my entire career. I wanted to say thank you-thank you so very much for doing that for me." She risked a look up at him from under her eyelashes, but he was gazing out at the ocean. Her confidence rose. "I guess I was a little scared." There. She'd said it. "I was scared of losing control like that again. And I was scared of what getting involved with you could mean for everything I thought I valued."

Dylan looked her full in the eyes. "You don't have to be scared of me. I'm not going to lie to you a second time. I've never talked to anyone about my family before, and I appreciate that you listen-that you care. I hope you know that. We're fully consenting adults, and what we do is no one's business but our own."

That wasn't really what she'd meant, and she had to push aside the disappointment. She hadn't expected a proposal, but after he'd shared everything with her about his brother she'd thought maybe there was something more between them.

It didn't mean he wasn't great to be with, though. "I haven't told anyone about my background, either," she said. "I mean, some people know about where I worked before, but not about my plans. My dreams."

"I'm glad you trust me with them. Tell me where you're going to be in ten years."

They sat for another hour, simply talking, and at the end of it all Michaela realized she'd told him all about her dreams, her five-year promise, her desire to somehow mix an international career and family. But she didn't feel embarrassed anymore. Quite the opposite, the ease she had felt with him during their time under moonlight had returned.

He reminded her of her earlier confession. "There's nothing to be scared of here, but I can't protect you from yourself. You have to decide what it is that you want in life. And if I can be a small part of that for a short time, well, don't you think that would be fun? I appreciate your overlooking how I got this job. It was a total spur-of-the-moment thing, auditioning, but now you know why I needed something to get me out of my head. Something completely outside of my normal life. Like I said, I don't do holidays. If I'd had to sit around and read a book for this long, I already would have gone crazy."

He smiled at her, a coronary-inducing, thigh-quivering smile. She wanted to throw herself at him, but he stood up. "So, ready for some fun?"

He'd said it again. Fun. Of course. For a moment, she thought he was going to say something different. That there might be something more between them than a bit of fun. But no, fun was just what she needed. At least for now.

"Can we start again?" she asked.

Dylan's smile was delicious-the green of both ocean and forest in his eyes, and the heat in their depths sparkled. "To fun?" he asked and held out his hand.

"Fun," she said, taking it, her heart racing.

"Now, about that snorkeling," he said. "Race you to change?"

Michaela wondered at what his definition of fun might be. As she changed into her pale blue bikini in the luxurious bathroom, her skin tingled, and when she emerged she felt Dylan's gaze as if his eyes had physically stroked her.

In the water, however, she forgot about her desire, reveling in the expanse of brilliant coral and the hundreds of species of tropical fish. "Did you see that tiny one?" she called as she came up after a long bout of snorkeling. "It was so cute and so bright blue. I wonder if it has competitions with its friends to see who can be the brightest. And those yellow-and-black striped fish, one of them came right up to my mask. And another one nibbled on my finger! Oh, I'd forgotten how much fun this is."

Dylan swam over beside her and lay floating on his back. She couldn't help herself-she ran a hand down his smooth chest. The warm ocean water made his skin silky. She glanced at his face and caught him looking at her, a hot smile on his lips. His hand reached for hers as his feet found the ocean floor, and he pulled her fingers to his mouth.

"Sorry," she said.

He frowned. "Sorry for the debacle on the ship, or sorry that you're going to deny me again?"

"No. Yes. Sorry for before, but-" She lowered her eyes. "-could we pretend we really are starting again? And, you know, take everything a little slow?" At least that way she might be able to retain a modicum of control.

"I don't recall taking anything slowly to start with," he teased. "But I can try and be slower this time. Although don't blame me if you're the one begging me to up the tempo." Slowly, very slowly, he stroked her chin, turning her face up toward his. The kiss was gentle, a mere breath, and she raised her arms to wrap around his shoulders as he pulled his lips away. Dylan's arms encircled her waist in return, and they stood, gently buffeted by the movement of the water for just a moment.

Oh, man, having fun tasted really good. As one, their heads moved together again. This kiss was luxurious, a deep, easy hello with a hint of the spice that was to follow. When she surfaced, Michaela looked into Dylan's eyes and smiled. Hello, indeed. As she unwrapped herself from him and went to dive back under the water, he stopped her, his hands firm on her bare stomach. Kiss me, kiss me again.

"Hello again," he said, stooping to kiss her neck as if, once again, he knew exactly what she'd been thinking.

Rather than it being unnerving, this time Michaela found his uncanny clairvoyance reassuring. They were in tune. She smiled as he straightened, and he squeezed her before he released her waist. "Slow, hey? Well, you certainly know how to toy with a man." Before she could protest, he took her hand and dived under the water again.

They splashed around in the water a while longer, diving down to peer into the haven of tropical fish, and to Michaela's delight a large sea turtle even paid them a visit, its mottled shell a rippling kaleidoscope of ochre and brown as it glided effortlessly past. But with every stroke her arm made through the water, she remained constantly aware of Dylan's presence, of his form through the water, his muscles eating up distance when he put on a burst of speed.

Occasionally, his arm would brush against her bare skin, sending tingles throughout her whole being. We're taking it slowly. There was no doubt her body wanted to betray this resolve, and despite the wonders of the marine universe, she found her thoughts straying to what might be in store for them if they let themselves collide in this warm water paradise.

"Should we stop for lunch?" she asked, attempting to distract herself from wanting to touch him.

"I thought you'd never ask." He caught hold of her arm, pulling her close. "I'm famished." He brought his mouth down over hers in a kiss that was anything but slow or gentle. The tingling of her skin became an electrified demand. "You seem to be starving, too," he said, gesturing to her nipples, peaked against the clinging fabric of her bikini top. "I think I'll have cruise director de jour first, followed closely by a helping of cruise director a la mode." With that, he picked her up out of the water and strode the short distance back to their room with her and their snorkeling gear in his arms.

"Stop it! We were going to take it slow, remember?" But she was smiling as she spoke, and she could see him trying not to laugh at her feeble protest.

"It will be slow," he promised. "So slow that you'll beg me to speed it up. But don't worry," he said, as she started to protest again. "I'll make sure that this time neither of us arrives too quickly."

Setting her down in their suite, Dylan let her squeeze the water from her hair, then wrapped a towel around her to take off most of the ocean's wetness before whipping it away, leaving her standing only in her bikini.

Looking down, she saw the sheen of dampness made her skin glisten. Not bad, considering how much time I spend at my desk. Dylan wrapped the towel about himself, then stroked her face gently as he had in the ocean. Delicious.

"I don't think you want to be completely dry, do you?"

Michaela shuddered as he ran his fingertips over her arms and down to her fingers, finally lifting her hands up to rest on his bare chest. Trailing his fingers back down her arms to trace the undersides of her breasts, Dylan smiled, and she watched his pupils dilate with desire.

"Take it slow. We agreed, didn't we?" True to his word, he slowly, ever so slowly undid the knot behind her neck. Then the one at her back. Her bikini top fell uselessly to the floor.

She automatically went to put her hands over her chest, then repressed the urge, letting her arms drop to her sides and his hot gaze burn her flesh. He rewarded her with a smile. One at a time, he undid the bows at the sides of her bikini bottom until she was standing, still damp, entirely naked in front of him.

"Lovely," he said, and stooped to kiss first one side of her neck, then the other.

The towel was still slung low around his waist. Michaela longed to tear it off, but she controlled herself, biting her lip and trying not to look below his chest. He must have noticed.

"You were the one who asked to take it slow," he drawled. "There's no going back on your request now."

As he reached for a bottle of water, his muscles rippled, and she longed to touch them. "Show-off." George's dance routines were certainly doing great things for his body.

"That's not showing off. Now this-" Dylan put down the water and struck a 1980s Mr. T glamour pose, which made Michaela laugh.

"Or maybe this?" He extended an arm in a long dance pose so his pectorals rippled and Michaela had to work to hold back her sharp intake of breath.

"Enough of that."

He dropped the pose and ran his hands from her fingertips to her shoulders, over her sternum and down, hovering over each breast. His light touch sent shivers over her skin. When he feathered his fingers around her aroused nipples, she strained toward him, hungry for his touch, but he was unrelenting, lightly cupping both her breasts, then releasing them before continuing down over her stomach and hips. "Is this fun yet?" he asked, grinning.

"No, not fun at all."

"I better try harder." Hands at her hips, he lifted her up and walked the few steps to the bed before laying her down under the dreamy white fabric of the four-poster. She longed to pull him down onto her.

No, you wanted to take it slow. You can do this. If you let him win, you'll never hear the end of it.

Leaning over, he kissed her neck, her cheeks, her ears, then finally, finally took a nipple in his mouth. Despite herself, she whimpered. She trailed her fingers down his back, the pressure gentle at first, but as he pushed her further into arousal, she dug her nails in. Still, he managed to keep her hands away from his towel.

Fun? Teasing her might have been fun for him, but it was torturous from where she was lying. She squirmed on the bed, trying to guide his body to where she wanted it as the two of them touched, tantalized, and tasted each other. Dear lord, was he going to make her beg for it?

He kissed her long and deep. "Better?" he asked, pulling back on his heels and looking down at her.

"No. Slow doesn't mean you need to stop."

"Oh, are you sure about that?" He stood.

"Get back here," Michaela said. Her own boldness made her blush.

"Well, well," he whispered as he crawled back up her body. "Don't think this hurts me any less than it hurts you. But I'm only following my cruise director's orders. You wouldn't want me disobeying my superior, now would you?" He ran his tongue up the side of her neck and smirked when she moaned.

"Please."

"Please?"

"Not so slow."

"Is that an order?"

His touch had burned through her control. No longer thinking about her position or her reputation, she grabbed at his towel. "Take that off," she demanded. She pulled the towel away, leaving only his wet trunks, clinging to every part of him.

"And get those off," she said.

He pulled his trunks off in one swift tug, and the full extent of his erection sprung free.

Again, Michaela was a little astonished at his girth, but the sight of what she needed so close only made her wetter. She couldn't stop the whimper at the back of her throat from escaping.

As if on cue, his attention became more urgent, his kisses hungry, biting and pulling at her skin as if he really might have her for lunch. Michaela writhed under him. As he tasted the smooth valley between her breasts, the skin of her belly, the hot tang of her inner thighs, she moaned. "No," she said, "I want all of you this time."

His face rose to hers, and he kissed her hard on the mouth as her fingers dug into his back and her legs clamped around his waist. "You know what I said about taking it slow?" she asked, giving him a devilish grin.

He raised an eyebrow.

"Forget it."

"Oh, I'm not going to forget it. But don't worry, I'll speed things up just a little for you. If you're good."

"No more waiting," she demanded. Moist and ready, she grabbed him and pulled him to her. Arching her back against the bed, she led him where she wanted him.

With a tight intake of breath, he slid all the way inside, and she moaned. Dear God, that felt good. He filled her up-filled her up completely. But despite his size, he was gentle, and as they rocked together, she had to admit he was fantastic. Perhaps she could do with a few lessons after all-as long as they were from him.

Then out of the fog of desire, a warning voice leapt into her brain. "Hang on." She pushed him back. "Condom?"

"Damn. Of course. Don't move."

Reaching over to his bag beside the bed, Dylan pulled out a box of condoms and got one out. Watching him stroke the latex over his thick cock made Michaela even hotter, and she grabbed at his hips, practically dragging him back down to her.

"No. This is the bit where we slow down again," he said.

"What?"

"You can't be in control of everything, Michaela. Sometimes you have to bow to more expert advice."

"Are you telling me you know more about sex than I do?"

"I couldn't possibly comment."

"But-"

He slipped a hand over her mouth and dipped the head of his cock just inside her. "Oh..." She lifted her hips, trying to bring him deeper.

"Now, now, don't be greedy." As he withdrew, the mirth mixed with hot desire flashing in his eyes.

He dipped back inside her, and she felt her muscles clench, wanting to drag him in. Arching her spine, she shuffled and squirmed, but he had all his weight on his knees and was firmly in control.

He paused.

"What are you doing?" she hissed through gritted teeth.

"Just checking in. Are you having fun yet?"

"If you don't shut up soon..."

But he didn't need any more convincing. Sinking deep and then retreating, Dylan coaxed her into a taunting, heated rhythm. They moved as one, his every thrust met by the eager writhing of her body.

"Now how are we doing?" The huskiness of his voice betrayed his attempt to tease her, but he managed to hold her down when she tried to roll him over and take control.

"Okay, okay, it's fun," she admitted. "More fun than I've had in a long time."

"Excellent." And he thrust hard into her, unstopping and unrepentant. The long, deep strokes of his new rhythm made her gasp, but she pushed her hips up to meet every one of them. The rhythm built out of her control and spun her into whole new plane of delight. Thighs trembling, she let her head fall back. "Please, yes, oh God please," she said and shut her eyes as she felt her climax building.

With one, two, three long thrusts, he drove himself in, right to his base. "Ohhh." The long groan came from him as he disintegrated, shuddering inside her, just as she felt her own climax ricochet through her senses. Her thighs still locked around him, she released her arms and allowed the sensations to wash over her like the warm Pacific Ocean.

"Michaela Western." The words were gentle on Dylan's tongue, but they felt strangely right there. "You are amazing." He collapsed to the side of her, the blood pumping through his body, his skin sensitive to the touch.

Michaela looked over at him and smiled.

Man, she was beautiful. That was sure as hell a lot more fun than he'd had in a while.

Just fun?

Yes, just fun. His three-month deadline didn't allow for anything else.

She turned on her side to gaze at him, her eyes smoky and dark, and he luxuriated in drinking every bit of her in. Her legs were lightly muscled, long and lean from walking all over the ship many times a day and participating in the cruise activities she organized. The waist that he had only recently had under his hands was slender, her stomach flat but soft.

As she propped herself up on an elbow, a bead of sea water from her still-wet hair ran a tantalizing course down her chest to rest in the shallow recess of her belly button. She really was a beauty, burnished by the sun to a rich bronze, her skin glowing even without a scrap of makeup. When she smiled, Michaela made Dylan's body sing.

His list of her good attributes was getting pretty long: smart, driven, independent, values family-and trusting, he added, thinking about how she had accepted his explanation of how he'd ended up on board. The idea of leaving her for the drama of Brian and the company seemed suddenly unappealing.

He stroked her face. "You are even more beautiful when you smile."

"Nice. Compliments will get you everywhere, Mr. Johns."

"I'm counting on it."

"You okay?" Michaela stroked his face.

Damn, she was good. Thinking about him when here he was thinking about how he'd have to leave her. "I'm okay, sure."

"Good. I know what I'm not okay with, though. I'm starving." As if to echo her thoughts, her stomach gave a loud growl.

Dylan smiled and rose, heading toward the shower. "Last one to lunch has to do ten press-ups."

"Well, then," Michaela teased, "I think I might be last on purpose, as long as I get to do the press-ups over your naked body."

He leapt back on the bed in a single bound, pinning her down and kissing her long and deep. "That better be a promise."

She smiled up at him and said, "It definitely is."

...

After a short break for sustenance, Dylan finally let Michaela prove he wasn't the only expert in the bedroom.

"How do you do that?" Michaela asked, lying naked and replete on their small balcony.

"What?" His grin mischievous, he traced a finger along the line of her navel.

"Tip me over the edge so easily."

"I could ask you the same question."

"Yes, but it's easier for a man, isn't it?"

"It's easier for a man to come, sure, but that doesn't mean it has to be so good he loses control."

She raised herself up on her elbow. "I make you lose control?"

Like you wouldn't believe.

The thought caught him up short. What the hell was he doing? Having fun, being distracted from work and Brian's messy family back home, absolutely. But was he in danger of getting distracted himself?

Possibly-but for all the right reasons. In less than three months, he'd be back at the office, and this would all be a happy memory.

His heart dipped. It wasn't going to be as easy as it usually was to say goodbye to Michaela. Their time together was making very happy memories.

"I wonder if anyone would see us in the water just there," she said.

He could see the feisty flicker appearing once more in her eyes. She was insatiable. As she gazed up at him, Dylan hoped he had it in him to go again. He peered down at the sea, then looked left and right. Not a soul disturbed the view. The thought of the water swirling around their naked bodies was irresistible. He stood and hopped over the balcony rail into the ocean.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"It was your idea. Come on, no one's around." He watched her from the water as she looked all around. "Chicken?"

Giggling, she ducked under the rail and stepped into the water, hardly making a splash as it rose up to her waist. "Now, this is fun," she said.

"Come here." Dylan hooked a hand around her waist, dragging her through the water to him.

Even though his body ached from their earlier exertions, he wanted to be inside her again. The tight grip of her around him, the heat of her mouth, the low, long moan she let out each time she came-it was a joy to be with a woman who knew how to let herself go, and who got so hot and wet. He let his hands play over her soft skin as the water swirled around them.

"This is bad," Michaela whispered.

"Yes, it is." Without his trunks on, the sensation of the water was mildly erotic. He pulled her up him, slicking his hands beneath her bottom and along her legs so that she wrapped them around his waist. "You're great," he said and smiled.

Nibbling at his throat, she whispered, "You're not too bad yourself, Mr. Johns," in his ear as she moved to lick and kiss his lobe.

All too quickly, he was hard for her.

"Again?" she asked.

"I think it's my turn in the driver's seat."

Slipping his hands beneath her thighs, he felt for the wet groove of her. She was slick, the warm water against her naked skin obviously adding to her arousal as much as it did his. Without ceremony this time, he slipped a finger inside her, then two. "Don't fight it," he said as she went to unwrap her legs from his waist. Moving into a steady rhythm he added a thumb to circle her clitoris.

"No," she gasped.

"Oh, yes," Dylan said, continuing to work her with his fingers. But as her tension built, he wanted more.

Michaela must have sensed it. "I want you inside me again."

"I haven't got a condom, and anyway it'd be useless in the water."

"Well, then." She flicked her eyes up toward their room.

Too greedy to ignore her request, he strode out of the water and up the steps at the side of their bungalow with her still wrapped around him.

Quickly sheathing himself, he pushed her against the wall, not bothering to towel the seawater off them. He hooked her leg up around his waist while she balanced on the other and then drove himself into her without hesitation.

She sighed, pressing forward into him, lifting her leg higher and allowing him more access as he thrust into her.

Smart, driven, independent, values family, trusting, and a fox in bed. But the best thing about her was how open she was about wanting him. As if echoing his thoughts, she cried, "Harder. Lift me up, harder."

Pulling her other leg up off the floor, Dylan pushed his weight against her, holding her up against the wall. Her legs now fully splayed, Dylan pumped into her until he felt the thrill of his climax ripple through his body just at the same time her muscles clenched and she yelled out his name.

Her cry filled the room, and he held her in place as it echoed into silence.

Breathing hard, he gently, gently let her down, withdrew, and then pressed his body against hers, both of them leaning on the wall.

"Wow," she said.

Dylan didn't quite have it in him to speak.

"You win," she said, and he looked down into her dazzled eyes. Win? It felt like he was about to lose himself completely-and for a change he was happy to lose, as long as it meant keeping her.

By the time five o'clock came around and the sun started its descent over the ocean, Dylan felt like a cat, well stroked and purring.

Michaela snapped him out of it. "I guess we should go back," she said. "You have a show to do."

Shit, he'd almost forgotten. "In a second," he said, pushing her gently back into the cushions. "So." He trailed his fingers lazily over her face. "What are we going to say when we get back?"

Michaela's eyes widened. "What should we say?"

He smiled. "Nothing, unless someone asks. Then we probably just bumped into each other on our day off."

"Oh, right." Was that disappointment clouding her features? What had she thought he'd meant?

"I mean, you have a position to maintain," he told her. "We don't want people talking any more than they have to. I'm not sure the captain will make your life any easier if you rub his nose in it."

Michaela nodded, but her smile lost some of its warmth.

Damn. "Or maybe the sneaking around part of this is what gets you hot? You like the thrill of it, don't you? Does the danger make you excited?" He pulled her to him, trying to raise a laugh.

She pushed him off, playfully slapping at his hands as he continued to stroke her, then giving him a final shove and standing. "We really should go."

Dylan nodded and stood, scooping up his bag and heading for the door. "I'll see you later on tonight?"

She nodded, and he felt her eyes on his back as he left to catch a separate ferry.

...

That night they met surreptitiously in Michaela's stateroom. She had tidied every corner, plumping the pillows and folding the towels just so. "You sure get better treatment than we do. These towels are amazing," he said.

"I begged the fluffiest ones from housekeeping. Said I was sunburned," she told him with a smirk.

"It even smells better up here."

"Essential oil."

"Pulling out all the stops, eh?" He didn't think he'd have anything left in him after their long day of lovemaking and the two performances, but as she wrapped her arms around him, he felt a stirring below his waist. Maybe he was the insatiable one. The two of them fell back onto her bed.

Out of the blue, Dylan wondered what touches she'd add to his apartment.

None, you dope. She wouldn't add anything because she'd never see it.

He kissed her to distract himself.

"I didn't think you'd have the energy," she said.

"I didn't either. But who can stand in the way off all this fun?"

There it was again-that look. Dylan hoped there wasn't something she hadn't told him, some deep hurt that he might be tapping into by insisting they keep their affair light.

We discussed this. She knows I'm leaving in three months.

"Okay?" he asked, just to check. He tweaked one of her breasts and grinned cheekily to try and remove the tension.

She slapped playfully at him, and the smile on her face wasn't forced, so he grabbed her hands and pulled them over her head, pinning her to the bed.

"Careful," she said, but he could tell her struggles were only for show.

Their lovemaking was delicious that night, and over the next days and weeks they grew to know each other's bodies intimately. He let her know about the spot on his wrist where he would melt if she put her mouth to it and nibbled her way up his arm, and he discovered the soft skin just beneath her ear where he could blow hot air and make her his instantly.

On the rare nights that Dylan slept in his own stateroom, he flicked through his time with Michaela in his mind. His picture of her was growing clearer and clearer, and now when he slept she wasn't far from his dreams. Her face appeared as it had in Vanuatu their first time together: free of makeup, glistening with seawater and with that smile-a smile that threatened to destroy his usual commitment-phobia.

This was not part of the plan. Dylan had escaped the few relationships that had looked like they might get serious with the excuse that he needed to focus on the company, yet here was a woman whose list of good attributes grew daily and who made him feel like he could do anything. Maybe even leave the corporate world and keep dancing.

Don't be a fool.

Long-term love was impossible. Lily and Brian, his mother and father-everyone he knew in a long-term relationship had ended up unhappy. Someone always loves more, and someone always gets hurt, he reminded himself.

Michaela would never hurt me.

When he was with her, he experienced a glimmer of something new. His heart felt lighter, his shoulders less tense.

But it was the three-month break, wasn't it? His break from reality.

What if it's something more? he wondered more than once.

So what if it was? Three months was three months. He'd deal with what else this was-if anything-at the end of that time.

No promises, no commitments. They'd both agreed on that.

Chapter Ten

A week later, the ship stopped at Norfolk Island. Few cruise ships visited the Australian protectorate, and even the Pacific Empress had trouble making it into port because of rough seas and shallow waters. But one sunny morning Michaela found herself strolling hand in hand with Dylan next to the ruins of old Australian penal colony buildings. With someone to enjoy exploring with, she now made time to get ashore more often.

"Wow," she said. "Imagine being locked up here. What a view they must have had-and what a wicked temptation to escape. The water is like blue glass."

Dylan smiled. "I can lock you up if you like. Is that what you're really saying? You'd like to be my prisoner with only a view of the sea and me to look at?" He pinned her against the warm sandstone wall with her wrists spread wide and pressed his body up against hers.

"Dylan, the passengers," Michaela said, struggling ineffectively against his strong grip and the solid form of his body.

"They've all gone on the tour buses," he said, not even bothering to look behind him.

Michaela looked around quickly and discovered he was right, but she only allowed him one deep, delicious kiss before she wriggled so much he set her free.

"I don't think they would have had much time to appreciate the view," he said as he took her hand again and they continued walking, this time toward the small beach. "They would have been working every hour possible."

"You think?" Michaela tried to picture what life might have been like on this isolated island a hundred years ago.

"I know. I read up about it before we came. It would have been a hard slog out here. The island's not very big, and its resources would have been limited. Even now they have to rely on a generator to provide power for the whole island, and there's not enough grass to farm cows or much livestock. Food must have been pretty hard to come by back then."

"Except for fish," she stated, pointing toward the spectacular spread of ocean and the many fishing boats dotting in the sea in front of them.

"Yep, except for fish," he agreed. "But I think I'd go mad if I only ate fish. You seem to like them, though. Maybe you are a fish." Smiling, he lifted her up and deposited her in the ocean, drenching the shirt she'd thrown over her swimsuit.

They spent a leisurely morning in and out of the crystalline water, Dylan stealing kisses, Michaela constantly aware that a passenger could come across them at any moment. After they'd had their fill of the water, they walked up the hill and strolled through the small town, enjoying lunch at one of the many cafes before renting bikes and cycling out to the headlands on the other side of the island.

"Oh, look, a wedding." Below them, a small party stood on the beach. The bride's white veil flew dramatically in the wind, and the groom laughed, helping with her skirts. "Don't they look happy?" she asked, turning to Dylan. His stony gaze was not what she expected.

"I wish them the very best," he said.

"Do you know them or something?"

Dylan looked down at the couple and their friends. "No."

"Then what's wrong?"

He looked at her with all the wild energy of the ocean in his eyes. "I don't believe in marriage."

"At all?"

"At all."

She remembered him saying something along those lines when she'd overheard him talking to Brian. "Is there something else you haven't told me?" Michaela put a nervous hand to her mouth. "You said you weren't married-that you'd never been married."

"No. Don't worry, it's nothing like that. I haven't lied to you." He took her hand away from her mouth and kissed it.

"What, then?"

He took a breath and released her. "It's nothing. I just don't believe in marriage. Someone always loves more, and someone always gets hurt. Look at my brother and Lily. She's always loved him, and what has it gotten her? Heartache and frustration."

"What about your parents?"

"My father died when I was young. That's why we've been involved with the business. When he died, it almost killed Mom. No. I don't do marriage."

Michaela bit her lip. Okay, she didn't really need the white frock. But what about long-term? What about love?

"Besides, you know I have to leave."

She nodded, and the pause lengthened.

"There's more to life than running a cruise ship, anyway," he said gently. "What do you want to do next? You could live here if you wanted to. You've said how beautiful it is about a dozen times."

She tried answering his question with one of her own. "What do you want to do? Are you sure you want to run your family company for the rest of your life?"

"I'm not sure. After this experience, I'd love to dance more. But I can't at the moment. I'm needed back home, and until that changes I'm stuck there."

The concrete reappeared in Michaela's chest. He'd never promised more than three months, and the longer she was with him, the more she was at risk. Everything was changing for her, but not for Dylan. She wanted to yell at him, to open her chest and show him the mess he was making of her heart. Even her head couldn't help getting swept away with dreams and fantasies-and all the while Dylan Johns was simply having fun.

Even if she waited for him to sort out his company, there were no guarantees he'd want her. Rejected, her heart would collapse in on itself, irrevocably broken, and he'd carry on with his life without a second glance.

Stop it, Michaela Western.

But it was too late. She couldn't help herself. She was hooked, just like the fish out in the bay below them.

The day ended without any drama, and in the company of passengers Michaela and Dylan kept their distance.

Back on board, Dylan's cell buzzed. He scanned the message quickly. "Damn it."

"More trouble with Brian?" Michaela asked.

He nodded. "I'm sorry, but when we get into Auckland, I'm going to have to go and sort this out."

"Of course. I'll go to a spa or something. Don't worry." Michaela forced out a bright smile.

It was already happening. There was still almost a month left of his three months, but already Dylan Johns was leaving her.

...

As the passengers disembarked in Auckland, Michaela wondered what she would do for the next three days. It would be nice to spend a little bit of time on land, though. She'd been feeling a bit seasick of late, the first time in years. It happened as you got older, she'd heard. You started to be more susceptible to the ebb and flow of the ocean against the ship.

"I'll see you in three days," Dylan said as he walked down the ramp to shore. "And I'll ring you." He held up the cell he'd made Michaela program her number into.

Despite her disappointment at being without Dylan, she found that she did enjoy herself. A number of harborside bars provided a fine array of food and drink, and the days whizzed past. The spa she booked into was wonderful. Freshly pummeled, oiled, and smelling divine, Michaela sighed into her hotel bed at night. The days ashore had been a perfect rest and just what she needed. Her nausea seemed to have lessened a lot.

On the third and final day of her shore leave while she was having breakfast on her hotel balcony, Michaela's phone buzzed. Answering it, she heard a woman's Australian twang on the other end of the line.

"Is that Michaela Western?"

"It is."

"Hi there. It's Helen Grady here, from head office. Glad I finally tracked you down. We've been sending you e-mails the last couple of days."

"Sorry, I've been on shore leave. We're not due to leave until later tonight. Is everything okay?"

"Oh, yes. Everything's fine. But I have a rather interesting proposition for you."

Michaela waited, expecting a new comedian or perhaps a famous writer. They sometimes came onboard to give lectures and teach workshops.

"One of the girls here is leaving, and we'd like to offer you the position."

Michaela started. A job in head office?

"There wouldn't be the same sort of travel as you're used to, although you would get to travel a little bit to view and book new acts. But you'd be making a significant amount more money. It would be based in our Sydney office."

"Sydney?"

"Yeah, it's great over here. You've been, haven't you?" Helen asked.

"A few years ago now." It had been wonderful. The long stretch of Bondi Beach so close to the hustle of the city center, the multinational markets with amazing food and incredible flavors. Sydney.

Sydney! Dylan said he'd been most recently based in Sydney. Maybe his family firm had business there. They might be able to have a long-distance thing, weekends or something that didn't get in the way of work. "It's an awfully tempting offer," Michaela said.

"I know it's a little out of the blue, and it's entirely irregular for me to be offering a position like this, but it's just the timing. We really need someone right now, and everyone knows what an amazing job you do onboard."

Taking a head office job would certainly be a change. A change and a step up. It would fit into her five-year plan. And being with Dylan the past few weeks had shown her life was for living-every moment. Before she could talk herself out of it, Michaela crossed her fingers for luck and blurted out, "Yes. Yes, please."

"Wow. Great. I didn't think you'd decide so quickly. Works for me, though. I'll e-mail you more details, and we can start getting things rolling."

"Sounds good," Michaela said, thinking about how she'd break the news to Dylan.

...

The streets of Auckland seemed drab compared to the bright colors of the Pacific that Dylan had grown used to. As various gray buildings merged into each other through the taxi window, Dylan felt their solidity settle over his heart, making it heavy. He felt old suddenly. If only Michaela were with him...

No. Drawing her into this chaos wouldn't be fair.

Almost in a daze, he paid the cab driver, climbed the steps of the building, and moved through doors and down hallways until he was at his mother's bedside.

The future he'd seen onboard was a fanciful dream, just like the glossy cruise pamphlets promised. But it was simply that-a dream. He'd glimpsed what his life might have been like if he'd taken a different path, if dancing had been his profession rather than mergers and acquisitions. A life of travel, of adventure. A life with Michaela in it.

But that wasn't his path. His life was here. His responsibilities were here.

Dylan reached for his mother's limp hand and sighed. Nothing was more important than this. Nothing.

"I should never have left," he said aloud. "Goddamn Brian. The conniving son of a..." Dylan took a deep breath. "I should have known we couldn't trust him. I'm so sorry, Mom."

Lily put a hand on his shoulder as she came over to stand behind him. "It's good to have you back," she said.

Dylan nodded, gritting his teeth so he wouldn't snap at her. "Maybe you could give us a little time together alone." He felt Lily tense but didn't turn to look as she left the room without a word.

He would deal with one thing at a time, and today that was his mother. He'd already put a stop to Brian's dodgy hedge-fund domination aspirations. The mess Brian could have made of the business could wait. Lily and the kids could wait. Everything else could wait.

He wrestled his phone from his pocket while keeping hold of his mother's hand. Leaving the cruise now was all wrong-exactly what he didn't want to do-but he had no choice. He hoped Michaela would understand.

"Sorry," he whispered as he sent her the same word in a text.

Chapter Eleven

As the curtain lifted in the Pacific Empress's theater, Michaela gave herself a secret hug. She loved to watch Dylan dance.

The gold curtain rose, and she inhaled along with the rest of the audience, as if she, too, were seeing the set and this theatrical world for the first time. Her breath was shortened even further by thoughts of Dylan. The picture of him coming to her after this performance warmed every part of her body, and she waited, her hands poised to clap for his opening number.

It never came. Michaela watched all of the male dancers-the two from their previous cruise and another she recognized from his contract on the ship several months ago. There was no Dylan.

Sorry. The word on her phone had seemed cryptic at the time she received it, but she'd been too busy with the new passengers to worry much about it. With no Dylan performing in the show running in front of her, Michaela understood the text's meaning very well. Dylan was sorry for not bothering to tell her in person. Sorry he was leaving early, and he wasn't coming back.

Michaela watched the rest of the show in a daze, her head a mess of questions. Why hadn't he called? Where had he gone? Who had he gone with? Why, why, why?

As the curtain descended, she stumbled backstage, head down, avoiding the eyes of everyone.

"I'm sorry, darling," George offered when she found him. "I thought they'd already called you. Head office got me on my mobile and said your Dylan had done a bunk. I guess they figured they'd already sorted it, so they left me to pass on the news. Thank God Richard was in town! He already knew all the numbers for tonight's show, so it was a perfect solution."

"What do you mean, 'done a bunk'?" Michaela still refused to believe it.

"He rang them, darling. Said something had come up with his family, and he was going to have to break his contract. He'll lose out on the rest of his pay, but apparently he didn't seem to care about that."

"Nice for some," one of the other dancers said. "Maybe he's actually a billionaire, like a stockbroker or something. I bet he's loaded."

Michaela bit her lip.

"That is not helping," George hissed, looking warily at Michaela.

"Oh, well," she said, forcing herself to be cheerful in front of her team. "I'm sure it will work out for the best. Thanks for stepping in at such late notice, Richard. I have every confidence you'll be able to fill in for Dylan. Oh, and you'll need to pick up his activities tomorrow. That won't be a problem, will it? You've done it all before. Your roster is in the office, if you could collect it at seven tomorrow." Without even waiting for an answer, she turned and left before her tears could overflow.

In her stateroom, she couldn't hold the sobs back any more. Oh, God. How could he have done this to her? It was worse than the end of her relationship with the captain. At least that time, she'd thought no one knew about it and she could lick her wounds in private.

She sniffed. This is not worse than the time with the captain. You knew what you were getting into this time. Three months, remember? It was going to end soon anyway. At least Dylan had the courtesy to be up front about that.

Get it together, Michaela. You still have your career.

Her career. Sydney. She'd followed through on her promise to leave onboard life before she became hollow and hardened by all the hard work, but her time with Dylan had shown her the possibilities of a life where she could have everything-the job and the man. Now he had ended their relationship without giving her a chance to tell him about her new job. They might have been able to...what? He only said he was sometimes in Sydney. He was probably hardly ever there.

Doesn't matter. In fact, it's better. I won't be distracted. I've always wanted to live in Sydney.

It was true that she had once thought of living in Australia's entertainment capital, but she'd also thought of living in New York, Paris, Berlin... She'd wanted the world at her feet.

Michaela straightened. It still was. At least with a job in head office, she had a chance to move up an actual corporate ladder. She might even be able to move sideways into an entirely different industry with the managerial skills she would learn. "This is just the beginning of a whole new life," she told herself. "A new job, better pay, a real move upward and onward. I'm not going to think about Dylan anymore."

By the time she'd finished her pep talk, she was calm, it was late, and she managed to fall asleep without Dylan Johns on her mind.

...

Surprisingly, the last cruises progressed quickly. In every second Michaela could spare, she went up to the top deck to watch out over the passing ocean, delighting in its immense blueness. Nothing could replicate the feeling of being alone in the middle of all that water. The weight of the sea, fathoms deep below, seemed to connect with her own watery body on a much deeper level than it had before.

"We're so small," she whispered to the wide blue ocean, and she fancied it whispered back with promises of hidden beauty and emerald treasure. "Thank you," she said, throwing her thoughts out as far as she could make them travel.

As they powered into port, she stood on deck at each tropical location and tried to absorb the view from the towering height of the ship. The forest trees of Vanuatu she let settle on her skin, but she brushed off any memory of them reflected in Dylan's eyes. Tropical islands, golden beaches, aqua water-she let these worlds inside to provide strength and food and focus for her new life. This was what she had given to thousands of people-these views, these memories, and hundreds of hours of fun activity. Now she was moving on to provide entertainment for even more people and to book acts and coordinate the entire entertainment program of a fleet of ships, not just this one. It was a good move, a real step up, and if Dylan had decided to stick around-if he'd told her he was planning to stay on the Pacific Empress beyond his three months, as she'd fantasized he would in her weaker moments, rather than run off before his contract was even up-she might have turned it down. He'd done her a favor by disappearing. She held on to that thought as if it were a warm coat on a cold day. It helped keep the tears at bay.

I'll be fine. I always have been before.

Her imminent departure meant she had to bring her deputy up to speed to take over her position, and this made her busier than ever before. She'd been worried about how he'd take her leaving, how the rest of the crew would take it, but rather than being upset and disappointed, everyone seemed excited for her, and her deputy made no secret of the fact that it meant a significant promotion for him-one he'd been coveting for some time.

There were tears when she said a final goodbye to Felicity, but they were short-lived. She'd made a real friend, and the two women promised to keep in touch.

The captain provided no such warmth. "Surprised you're leaving after such a short time onboard. Guess it's a hard life for a woman, long hours and the like. Probably better suited to a stronger body."

She took a breath in and dug deep for her remaining reserves of courage. "You realize I'm only leaving because I've gotten a promotion?"

"Sure. Head office. I guess some people could call it a promotion."

Michaela sighed. Was there really any point? The chauvinistic little man-what had she ever seen in him?

Just then, one of the dancing twins walked by, and Michaela saw the captain give her an unabashed up-and-down appraisal. "Think she's a bit out of your league," Michaela said. "It's great that you've been able to withstand the rigors of life onboard so well-as a man, of course. But all these years at sea are starting to take their toll."

Captain Atkinson's face fell.

A young staffer came up at just that moment, and Michaela walked away, her smile building. After all this time, not only was she well and truly over the captain, but she'd got the last word. She gave herself a little hug. She was actually leaving, and she'd just proved she was ready to take on the world.

But later, alone in the room she'd called home for so long, she wondered again whether she was doing the right thing.

"Yes," she said with a firm jaw. "Yes, I am, and anyway it's too late now." Much too late. The next cruise was planned, the staff contracted, and she'd just burned her bridges with the captain. There was no room for her here anymore.

It's what you wanted, she reminded herself. And despite her sadness at leaving, a sense of anticipation was starting to build in her stomach.

...

Her journey from Auckland to Sydney was a thrill. Travel on planes was no great novelty in itself, but the view over the ocean from so high up offered a sharp contrast to what she was used to, and the team from head office had made sure she was well looked after.

But once she reached the open-plan office, which stretched over the entire tenth floor of an inner-city Sydney high-rise, she hit the ground running. Michaela was immediately shown to a desk, and Helen, who turned out to be a bright, chirpy woman, went through her duties and responsibilities. "I guess I'm your new boss, so I'll need you to sign this," she said, putting a contract in front of Michaela. In a daze, Michaela signed.

By the end of the day, she was thoroughly exhausted. Not only had she had to work her way through piles of bookings forms and hundreds of e-mails, but she was also in some sort of no-man's-land time zone where it should have been much earlier than it was in Sydney. She couldn't work out if it was Fiji time, Vanuatu time, or something completely different.

"Hi." Helen came to sit on the edge of Michaela's desk. "How's your day been?"

"Oh, hi," Michaela replied. "I think I'm getting there."

"Sorry to throw you in like this. Now perhaps you understand why we were so desperate for you to accept the job. We had a candidate start a while ago, but he just had no idea about the actual business of the ships. Then we interviewed a bunch of people, but none of them really got it. Everyone here knows about you, and we decided to try and poach you."

"Everyone knows about me?"

"Heck, yes, the only woman cruise director in the whole fleet? Able to leap stupid captains in a single bound."

"That's very flattering, but..."

"Glad you think so. It's great to have another awesome woman join the team."

Michaela looked around and for the first time registered that it was almost an entirely woman-staffed operation. Nice.

"Anyways, the last guy leaving means there's a backlog. I've been trying to get to it, but it's just been impossible with my job as well. I'm sure you'll pick it up in no time, though."

Michaela wasn't so sure. Sitting at the desk all day had made her back ache, and the seasickness feeling wasn't dissipating.

In her hotel bed that night, Michaela ran through the changes her life had undertaken in these past months. Dylan had swept her off her feet and then just as swiftly disappeared, she'd left the only place she'd known as home for years to come to a strange city, and now she was living in an opulent hotel suite three times the size of her old stateroom. It even had a bathtub.

"I'm going to enjoy this," she promised aloud. "I'm going to be the best entertainment bookings manager they've ever had."

The sigh that followed shouldn't have been allowed, but it escaped anyway as her hand brushed over the empty side of her large bed. An emptiness somewhere behind her ribs nagged at her.

You just ticked off a job on your wish list, Michaela Western. You're happy. You're grateful. Move on.

But even with her pep talk in her mind, Michaela feel asleep thinking of Dylan and spent the night chasing him through her dreams.

...

Her first week on the job, she charged into her work and was astonished at just how much she could plow through. Needing to be able to change things at the last minute and having to work with incredibly short deadlines onboard really had made her into a perfect candidate for this position. In no time at all, she had learned the systems and gotten rid of the backlog. She also loved her new position more than she'd anticipated.

"Oh my God. You're amazing," Helen said.

"I aim to please," Michaela replied, smiling. "I think I could probably make this process even more efficient if there was some way for the ship's cruise directors to log in directly to our intranet when they got into port."

"Don't let me get in your way," Helen said. "I'll set you up a meeting with the IT team tomorrow."

Michaela sat back in her chair with a smile of satisfaction. She was going to have to be careful-at this rate she'd make herself redundant, or at the very least the position wouldn't provide enough work to keep her on full-time.

Well, they did hire me to make the position more efficient. I'm sure if I do that, they'll just want me to work on their other systems to make them better, too.

Keeping busy was important, not just so she could prove herself in her new job but also to keep her mind off the memories that swept into her dreams and tugged at the cords she'd tied around her heart.

The memories of life at sea pulled at her physically, too, and every now and then a wash of nausea would still hit her as if she'd just left the boat.

After a week, she had to finally admit her seasickness wasn't going away-and that it might be something else. Something much worse. She made a lunchtime appointment with a doctor near the office.

"So, you're not feeling well? Tell me what's not right," the doctor said, flicking her long hair out of the way of her note pad.

"I've just come off working on a ship for six years," Michaela began.

"Wow, that must be a big change."

"Well, yeah, but I just don't feel right. It's been well over a week. I should have gotten over any issues with seasickness by now, shouldn't I? I mean, I've had a few bouts with my land legs deserting me in the past, but it's never lasted more than a day or two."

"Hmm, yes. I would have thought you'd be feeling better by now," the doctor said as she nodded her head.

"I'm just a bit nervous that I've picked up some weird tropical bug. We were always warned about it on board, and there was hand cleanser everywhere to try and stop the spread of any type of germs. You can imagine what it's like if a stomach bug hits a ship of three thousand people with nowhere to go."

"I hate to think. Tell me more about your symptoms."

Michaela detailed the jet lag feelings, the nausea, and her general dislocation. But when she'd finished the doctor didn't look at all perturbed-quite the opposite. She gave Michaela a gentle smile. "I can't rule out the tropical bug possibility unless we do some tests, but there might be a more simple issue. When was your last cycle?"

"Cycle?"

"Your period. When did you last have one?"

"I don't know," Michaela said, growing more worried. This couldn't be... Swallowing hard, she bit her lip. "I've been pretty irregular lately. But I don't see what-"

"Could you be pregnant?"

The words that should have come out of Michaela's mouth remained stuck, hard pellets of hope and fear and wonder in her throat. Could she be pregnant? The answer was one she didn't really want to contemplate. But Dylan's face in their Vanuatu hideaway flashed into her mind. They'd been caught up in the moment at first, but...

"No, I've always used protection."

"Always?"

"Pretty much," she said.

"Given that wasn't an emphatic 'yes,' I think it would be simplest if we ruled out pregnancy first before we start doing any more complicated tests for a tropical parasite. Do you think you could pop along the hall and get a sample? Then we'll do a test. I imagine you know what I mean." The doctor opened a drawer and held out a small cup along with a thin package, its transparent strip revealing a slender plastic stick with a pink tip. Michaela paled.

"I, um, do you really think? Perhaps I could do it at home."

"I think you should take a test now. If you've been feeling this way for a while and you are pregnant, we'll want to check how far along you are."

"I can't be pregnant."

"Then all we'll get is a negative result. Nothing to worry about."

Michaela bit a nail. This couldn't be happening. Maybe if she closed her eyes...

When she opened them, the doctor gave her a concerned smile. "It's best to find out one way or the other."

"I just...I really have to get back to work." Flustered, she looked down at her wrist before remembering she hadn't worn a watch. Idiot.

The doctor sighed. "If I give you a test to take home, do you promise to take it?"

Michaela nodded.

"Okay. If you're sure you have to go now."

"I do."

Michaela took the test and stuffed the package and its intimidating pink-tipped contents into her bag quickly before the woman changed her mind.

"Here, you better take a couple in case one isn't clear."

Michaela nodded, lost for words. After she'd accepted the tests, she left the doctor's surgery at a near run.

Pregnant?

She couldn't be. Not when she had only just started this job and her supervisors were so happy with her progress. Not when she hardly knew anyone in this town.

And definitely not without Dylan, a tiny voice in her head said.

What were the chances of that moment of overwhelming desire leading to a baby? Practically nonexistent. Infinitesimal.

Impossible.

They'd used a condom when it counted.

"I'm not pregnant," she reassured herself. "It's just my land legs taking longer to come back. I was at sea for a long time. I'll be fine soon."

Once decided, Michaela relegated the very possibility of a baby firmly to the bottom of her bag along with the pregnancy tests. They had used protection, after all.

They had, they had, they had. She repeated the mantra over and over under her breath on her walk back to the office.

By the time she got there, she believed it.

That afternoon she'd planned to tidy up the old files on her computer desktop. Each folder had around a hundred files in it, and Michaela was immersed for hours, working out what each file related to and undoing the complicated muddle of other people's thoughts to make a proper system. Then she clicked on a file marked "dance team," and without warning the words Dylan Johns jumped out at her. Her heart picked up its tempo. Putting her hands on her desk, Michaela pushed herself away from the computer and stood up. She walked away from the name on her screen and tried to calm the thud of her blood.

You were going to read something about him sooner or later. You probably have the personnel files of every dancer who ever worked for Adventurer Cruises on your computer.

That didn't mean she had to look at them.

Moving through the simple act of making a cup of peppermint tea, Michaela took long breaths in and out. Breathe in, breathe out, you're in control, you're in charge.

But back at her desk, Dylan's name stood out as if it were typed in bold, italicized, and underlined. Just for a moment, Michaela let the name bring back a wash of memory...

Dylan looking down at her as they stood together bathed in a tropical sunset. Dylan bursting out of the water, a giant clamshell in his hand and a brilliant smile on his face. Dylan's sated green eyes looking down at her as they lay under the gossamer white drapes of their Vanuatu resort bed.

Enough. She moved the file into the appropriate folder, determined to block any more thoughts of Dylan from her mind. Every time his face flickered into her brain, she replaced it with the image of a bowl of ice-cream. She was in control, she was in charge, she was going to have to stop by the store on the way home for a tub of cookies and cream.

The day ended with no more mishaps, and Michaela walked back to her hotel happy with what she had achieved. It was only as she drifted off to sleep that the rest of the day's activities began to play across her mind.

The dream she fell into was real. Entirely real. Reaching into her purse, she pulled out a pregnancy test and handed it to Dylan. The thin line showed a positive result, and Dylan's green eyes sparkled as he took it from her. But she realized his eyes weren't sparkling with joy, they were sparkling with malice. She watched, helpless, as Dylan snapped the test stick in half and snarled at her with an angry wolf's face. Centimeters from her nose, his long teeth glinted, and he opened his mouth-but instead of devouring her, he whispered, "You're dreaming."

Michaela woke in a sweat a full hour before her alarm was due to go off. As her heart rate calmed, the only emotion she allowed herself was relief that it hadn't been real. Crazy, she hardly ever had dreams like that.

Maybe it's because you're pregnant, a small voice said.

"No." The word came out louder than she intended.

Maybe it's because you miss Dylan?

She sighed. It wouldn't do her any good to yearn for Dylan. He was a lone wolf. He'd practically said so himself.

A wolf. He might have run off at the last, but he wasn't vicious. She shook her head, determined not to think about Dylan or the possibility that she might be pregnant. Scared of falling back into the nightmare, Michaela got up and scanned through the apartment notices in the daily paper the hotel staff had pushed under her door. It was time she got on with her life and moved out of this hotel. The company had paid for her first week, but the hotel fees were now starting to eat into her pocketbook.

She circled a few possible apartments and decided she'd go and have a look over her lunch break. "Onward and upward," she said as she walked out the door to the office.

At work, however, she found her fingers moving the mouse pointer to hover over the file containing Dylan's details. I'll just have a quick look to put it to rest so I don't have any more of those nightmares.

"Contact care of McCray's Finance," she read out loud. Odd.

Clicking through the city listings, she found that McCray's was on a road parallel to the street she was in now.

At lunchtime, telling herself she was going to check out an apartment that was just a few blocks away, Michaela walked to McCray's Finance. It was housed in an impressive building, the clean lines of glass reflecting the clear blue Sydney sky. People walked quickly in and out, all dressed in suits and talking on cell phones or sipping at take-out coffee, the picture of busy corporate life. In the foyer, she could see a beautiful artwork, the reds of the Australian outback contrasting against green. Emerald green.

"Oh, excuse me." One of the workers crashed into her as she took a step back to get the large painting in perspective. She turned and looked up into oceans of green. Holy hell. The man could have been Dylan's twin-the same eyes, the same dark hair-but this man wore a sharp suit, carried a briefcase, and had a harried look about him that wasn't Dylan's.

"Michaela?"

But it was his voice. Her blood froze, her whole being frozen to the spot in shock.

"Oh my God, it is you," he said. "What are you doing here? I mean, sorry, how are you? I'm so sorry again for leaving like I did."

A flicker of the old Dylan flourished in the man's eyes, but Michaela couldn't believe it was him. Conscious she was staring, she pulled herself together. "Dylan? I thought you said it was a little family business?" She gestured at the building. She'd pictured a mom-and-pop shop, eight, maybe ten people maximum. Not that he'd elucidated.

What an ass. He'd clearly kept her in the dark on purpose. She didn't know this man at all.

He looked down. "I don't think I ever said it was little. This is the family business."

"This? This is all yours? But your last name... Johns?"

Dylan looked at the woman he'd been forced to abandon long before he was ready. His heart swelled. Oh, she was a beautiful sight for his sore eyes. But his delight was short-lived. She was angry, her mouth downturned and her forehead furrowed.

Fair enough. His guilt at leaving her without explanation still kept him up some nights.

He realized his pause was making her ever angrier. "My mother is the McCray. My father named the company after her when he started it years ago."

When he'd decided not to return to the ship, Dylan had been in a state of shock. He had thought disappearing and letting Michaela get on with her life was the right thing to do-the only thing he could do, considering the circumstances. But in the dark morning hours, sitting beside his mother's bedside, his mind had wandered through the alternatives. He'd been forced to leave the ship, there was no question of that, but leaving Michaela?

In the end, he'd settled on a truth that made the most sense to him. They'd agreed on three months. She wanted to focus on her career. He could never give her the family, the husband she wanted and deserved. Work took up too much of his time and energy.

It would only have gotten harder for her-harder for both of them-the longer they drew it out. A clean break was the best option.

Now, the result of that option was staring at him, and the wound he saw in Michaela's expression was anything but clean. Oh, what a mistake he'd made. She had been in his thoughts often enough, but he'd hoped she hadn't felt his disappearance as keenly as he'd felt the pain of walking away from her.

She pasted on a smile that made his chest ache. "The girls on the dance team all joked that you were a stockbroker after you didn't seem to care about losing the rest of your pay, but I never thought..."

"I'm not a stockbroker, but they weren't that far off. My family firm runs a funds management service. Well, we run several, actually." He looked at her, checking that she wasn't about to break down.

"So you are loaded." Michaela drew herself up to her full height.

He managed not to smile. She was some woman-strong and brave even in the worst circumstances.

He searched for something more neutral to talk about. "And you? On a break?"

"I got promoted to head office," she said.

Head office. That meant she was in Sydney. Full-time. Great that she'd got the step up she wanted. Great she was off the boat. Maybe they could-could what? All his calculations crumbled around him. Michaela was here in Sydney. Available? Dylan's head hummed with the possibilities. "Great. Probably a perfect fit for you..."

His cell buzzed.

Work interrupting again. Maybe this was good. Give her time to digest who he really was. That he lived and worked close by. "Look, I have to go, but please let me explain." He wanted nothing more than to tell her everything right here, right now, but this turn of events was overwhelming. For him, if not for her. He had to be able to tell her why he'd left, but only when they had time to talk properly. And when his cell wasn't buzzing insistently.

Checking the diary on his phone, he saw a free spot. "We'll have dinner tonight. I'll send a car for you. No-" He stopped her as she opened her mouth to speak. "Please don't refuse. We should talk. You'll be picked up at six."

And with that he ran off into the towering building, guilt and a flicker of hope coursing through him.

Chapter Twelve

She walked back to her office in a daze. Dylan was here in Sydney, and he wanted to see her. The glimmer of hope flared, but she pushed it aside to concentrate on what had just happened. He wanted to see her. Was that what he'd said, that he wanted to see her? Or did he just want to end their affair properly?

Had she been mistaken, or had he actually looked guilty?

Angry and confused, she tried to make sense of the little he'd told her, but it was impossible. She didn't know enough to make sense of it.

The towering office blocks transformed themselves into a dense forest, and Michaela became disoriented. She found it difficult to distinguish between the grays of the buildings and those of the road, and it wasn't until some stranger grabbed her arm that she realized she had almost walked out in front of the busy oncoming traffic.

Snap out of it.

When she finally reached her office, she went straight to the toilets to splash water on her face.

The surprise both of seeing Dylan in his real world and of his effect on her scattered Michaela's concentration as effectively as an elephant sitting in the corner of the office. She pushed through a few phone calls and managed a paragraph on the report she was supposed to be writing, but mostly she stared out the window, looking at the city she now called home. The city that Dylan apparently called home, too.

Just before six o'clock, she nipped back to the bathroom, this time to check her hair. She smoothed it into a neat ponytail and dabbed on a slick of lip gloss. Her tan hadn't yet faded-she'd topped it up over the weekend, strolling along the coastline walk at Bondi Beach-but as she looked at herself she shook her head.

Perhaps she shouldn't go to dinner.

Get real. She wanted to see him, needed to hear how Dylan would explain why he'd ended their affair so abruptly. No, she would go to dinner, but that would be all. After confronting him about his callous abandonment, she could finally get Dylan Johns completely out of her mind, out of her life, and out of her heart. He'd been sneaking in to torment her thoughts more than she liked to admit. The wolf dream was a sign she hadn't moved on. Tonight, she'd find out what she needed to know, and then she'd wash her hands of Dylan Johns for good.

She put a hand to her belly. No. There was nothing to worry about there. No reason for Dylan to be tied to her life anymore.

With a sigh, she gave her hair a final pat and went downstairs to meet the driver.

She'd expected a cab or perhaps a modest sedan, so when the sleek new Jaguar pulled up alongside the curb, she paid it no attention.

"Ms. Western?" The driver was in a suit as sharp as Dylan's, and Michaela had to shake her head to believe what she was seeing. "Mr. Johns asked me to collect you. He said he'd spoken to you and you'd be expecting me. Is there something wrong?"

With a start, Michaela realized she was staring, and she gave the driver a tight smile. As she slid into the black leather interior, she realized why Dylan had been so keen to pay for all their excursions off the cruise ship. She'd thought he was just trying to be gentlemanly, especially as she knew she was making more money than he was, but it seemed his small dancer's salary was irrelevant to his day-to-day life.

The car was impeccable and still had that indefinable but immediately recognizable new car smell. Touching the cool leather hand rest, Michaela pictured Dylan sitting in this car, driving this car, even accompanying other women in this car. She shivered and banished the thought. She looked down at her pale blue silk shirt and the simple black pencil skirt she'd bought in her first few days in Sydney. They were smart enough for the office-indeed, they fit in well with the business uniform of most of Sydney's female workforce-but in this car they were entirely too reserved, lacking the glamour the Jaguar promised.

The car whisked her through the Sydney city streets, making good time despite the heavy traffic. The late summer evening was cooling when the driver pulled up outside an exclusive restaurant overlooking the harbor, and Michaela wished she'd brought her jacket.

Dylan was waiting for her, his hair whipped by the wind, apparently impervious to the cold. She scolded her heart to stop its happy skipping so she could concentrate on the anger she needed to get through the evening unscathed.

A gust of wind whipped through her thin blouse, bringing goose pimples to her skin as she stepped out of the car. "You came." Dylan tried to take her elbow, but she shrugged him off, not prepared to test her resistance to his touch just yet. Be calm, be calm, be calm.

"Of course I came. I figured I might as well get a nice dinner out of you." She tried to keep her face serious, her eyes hard even while her heart was cracking. The pain of his abandonment felt as fresh now as it had been at first.

He straightened, his jaw locking. "A nice dinner you shall have. I should've called you, even if I couldn't face you at the time. I made the wrong decision, Michaela. I'm sorry. Come in, we have a table with a wonderful view."

Michaela followed him into the restaurant and congratulated herself on being strong. Let him think she was just after some payback. After all, he was loaded. Thinking about him as nothing more than an arrogant, rich man might keep him out of her heart until she could move on.

Dylan was right about the view. Their table, perched on a private balcony, provided a spectacular ocean vista. The candles were already flickering, and this coupled with the descent of the sun gave Sydney a magical quality. But still Michaela shivered.

"You're cold. I'm sorry. I thought it would be a warmer evening. Would you prefer an indoor table?" Dylan asked.

"No, this is fine."

"Well, take my jacket then." He shucked off his beautifully tailored suit jacket.

"No, thank you. I'm fine," she said firmly and sat down so he couldn't drape his jacket over her.

After a moment's silence, he sat down, too, putting his jacket over the back of his chair. He opened the wine menu with a flourish.

A waiter appeared from nowhere, and Dylan ordered an outdoor heater and a bottle of New Zealand sauvignon blanc. The heater appeared and was lit before Michaela had a chance to protest, but she was ready when the waiter reappeared with the bottle of wine.

"No, thank you, not for me." She didn't want to blur her reason with wine...or let the alcohol go to work on her lust. Why did Dylan Johns have to be so sexy?

Dylan gave her a strange look but said nothing until the waiter had retreated. "Are you sure?" he asked. "Here, have a tiny taste." He poured a generous measure into her glass before she could get her hand across the top. As he did so, Michaela saw the label and remembered she'd had it at a wedding once. The vintage was expensive and-when she let her resolve down and tasted it-delicious. Just a few sips wouldn't hurt.

"The Australians can pride themselves for their reds all they like," Dylan said, his eyes following her as she took one more sip of the crisp wine, "but nothing beats a New Zealand sav."

She nodded, not trusting herself to verbally agree with him on anything yet. Another silence descended over the table. She was sure he'd be able to hear her heart racing in the midst of the quiet. "So you're just a glorified money man?" Not exactly polite table talk-and was he blushing?

Dylan simply nodded and pointed to the waiter behind her. "I've taken the liberty of ordering the chef's special menu for both of us."

She raised her eyebrows.

"Trust me, you'll be pleased I did when it arrives. The woman is a magician."

"Woman?"

"Yes, the chef here trained in Paris, but she's Australian born and bred. And she definitely knows what to do with the local produce."

"You know her very well, then, do you?"

Dylan paused, regarding her calmly. "She did some catering work for the firm when my mother was alive."

"Your mother died?" Michaela had to force her hands to stay still as she watched Dylan's face crease.

The sigh seemed to spread throughout his entire body. "Her illness was the reason I had to leave. Brian was using her absence from the office as an excuse to do some risky deals. I couldn't let that happen-it was adding extra stress my mother didn't need. I thought I'd be able to take some weight off her shoulders, help her get better, but I was too late. It happened too fast."

His mother had been sick-and died! Why hadn't he just said so? All pretense of holding him at arm's length left Michaela's head, and her hand reached to cover his before she realized what she was doing. The flare of contact was immediate.

"I'm sorry to have left you like that," he said, "but I was going anyway and..."

"If you'd just said your mother was ill-you didn't need to explain that. Of course you had to go."

Dylan put his other hand over hers. "Yes, but then you might still have had questions about us. I was always going to be stuck here, and you were going to be travelling the world, following your career. It was only ever going to be short-term. I should have told you more about my family from the beginning, but to tell you the truth, I wanted to walk away from it. The office, my brother and his wife, all of it... I should have realized I couldn't do that. I have responsibilities. What I did wasn't fair to anyone."

No, it certainly hadn't been fair. But she could understand it.

She understood him far better than she wanted to. Understood that he felt trapped, and that this Dylan-this man with the tension in his shoulders and the harried look in his eyes-was living the wrong life. But knowing that didn't mean she needed to fall over herself trying to change it.

"What now?" she asked.

Shrugging, Dylan looked down at their hands. "I'm back at the firm, and I'll be there for years. It turns out Brian doesn't really care about family at all. Thank God Lily's kicked him out once and for all. He's been seeing his mistress for years. Apparently, he just came back because she convinced him to. They were after the money. I've never been so angry in my life. And to think what he did to Lily and the children."

His face showed the strain that the last few months must have put him under. His brother sounded like a complete ass. Damn it, her heart was going to melt before they even got to dessert. "Why don't you just hire a manager?"

"It's not as simple as that."

Michaela bristled slightly. Nothing was ever simple. But usually nothing was ever as complicated as people made it, either-a lesson she didn't take enough heed of herself.

He must have noticed her stiff posture. "Sorry. You're a smart woman, Michaela. I'm sure if someone could work out a way to get my firm going, it would be you. But without Mom here, and with Brian out of the picture, it's pretty hard to find time to concentrate on anything but problem solving. I can't let the firm dissolve. Mom would have hated that. She wanted me happy, but she spent decades building the business, and I can't walk away. You have to understand that?"

Did she?

She let the question pass her by. "So you are based here in Sydney?" she asked, changing tack.

"Our head office is here, yes, but we have operations all over the world."

So polite. Was that what they were going to be left with? Polite conversation?

"It all started in New Zealand," he continued, "with my father and then my mother. I was supposed to study dance in Wellington but had to switch to business when Brian disappeared the first time. Mom built up the international part of the business, and then I took over the Sydney office. She was a smart woman, my mother, and she got a bunch of very lucky breaks early on. There aren't many firms that can boast what McCray's have done. In fact, there aren't any in the Australasian finance world that come even close to our size and success. And it was all due to her."

He held such a lot of respect for women in business. And here he was in Sydney with a flourishing company and clearly plenty of money...

Don't be a fool. You're done with noncommittal men.

Nonetheless, her heartbeat stuttered again, a little hiccup of hope.

He seemed to straighten, and as his eyes met hers, he brightened. "I'm sorry to lay all of this on you. You've always been good to talk to."

Was that a glint in his eye?

No, Michaela. Don't go there. Not after a few words and a bit of flirting.

But yes, definitely a glint. She'd fallen into his trap again. "No, Dylan."

"No what?"

"No, I'm not going to pretend all this never happened and we can start over."

"Oh." He looked genuinely crestfallen. Like a schoolboy. The innocence of it moved her more than she wanted. He looked up again, and the glint was back. "Maybe if we didn't pretend nothing had happened. If we just started where we left off..."

"No, I'm not having sex with you tonight."

Dylan had the decency to appear shocked. "I wasn't even thinking about... Well, maybe a little. But I was wondering if, you know, seeing as we're in the same city..."

"You could have another no-strings relationship with me? No, thanks."

"Who said anything about no-strings?"

"You did. Don't pretend you don't have a bunch of women on call now that you're back on dry land." She fought to contain the bitterness in her voice. "I know how women react to you. I was on the Pacific Empress too, remember? And here you don't have a contract saying you can't go there with passengers."

Dylan seemed genuinely affronted. "Is that what you think? That I lead women on like that? That I set out to hurt them?"

She raised an eyebrow at him, refusing to deny her ugly thought even though she wasn't sure she believed it herself.

"God, here I've been trying to be better than Brian, and it turns out you think I'm worse than him."

The statement caught her up short. Did she?

Of course she didn't. But he could hurt her so easily. He didn't believe in marriage or long-term compatibility-he'd told her so himself. So what kind of future could they have?

No kind of future at all.

Inhaling deeply, Dylan shook his head. "I have always tried to be up front. I was going to leave after three months, and I thought you'd still be onboard, or at least in a different country. But now here you are."

Michaela looked up at him. Every time she thought she'd found a flaw in his excuses, he pulled out something like that. The glint was gone, and this was pure sincerity.

"But you don't do long-term." Someone always loves more, that's what he'd said. That someone wasn't him. Michaela sighed, realizing she might never get over Dylan Johns properly. What if she couldn't?

"You can see why, can't you? My life is complicated, too complicated to hurt another person by offering something I don't know I can give. I have to make certain the business stays on track. There's a considerable amount of damage control to be done, and that's what I have to focus on."

"Of course." What he said certainly made sense-but she longed for him to want more, and to tell her just how much.

"But we're grownups, busy grownups. We might be able to arrange something that works for both of us, don't you think?"

She was busy, and she had been missing him. Wasn't he offering her the perfect solution? "When you arrived onboard, you'd let go of everything to do with this life, your work life, and you could be another person," she said, trying to make sense of it for herself.

He nodded his head.

"And you're doing all this? Working all the hours there are and giving up on dancing again for your mother?"

"Well. I mean..." He seemed embarrassed. "It was her company. And she was my mother."

"But she was a dancer, too. Are you sure she would have wanted you to give up again? Did you talk about it when you got back?"

He paused. "She wasn't well enough. I'll never know." He looked out over the harbor, his thoughts obviously taking him miles away.

A waiter interrupted his reverie. "I'm sorry," Dylan said once the entrees were in front of them. "Enough about me for a minute. How are you enjoying Sydney?"

Michaela was torn between pushing him to continue talking about his mother and letting him have some time off from the pain. The latter seemed the kinder option. She babbled for a bit about walking on the beach, shopping at the market, and as the conversation became lighter, a little of the old Dylan resurfaced.

But throughout the meal the question that had hung over her since she'd seen him outside his office sat between them unanswered. Could she do this? Could she be with him? She looked up at Dylan as he stole a piece of grilled haloumi from her plate. The bigger question was, how could she not?

Dylan had been right about ordering the chef's special menu. The food was spectacular. As she licked the final mouthful of raspberry creme brulee from her spoon, Michaela sighed in satisfaction. "I could get used to this," she said.

Immediately, she felt Dylan's eyes on her. "Really?"

"Of course. Fine food, fine wine, an amazing view, what's not to like?"

"And how about the company?"

Taking a deep breath, Michaela looked into his eyes. Oh, I could get used to you. Her heart swum in her chest, and she had to work hard to not say yes immediately.

Calm down, girl. He's not promising anything.

"Well, it might take some getting used to. But there's definitely promise."

A slow smile spread across Dylan's face. "So it's not like you'd never want to be seen with me again after tonight?"

"Not exactly."

"And as we're both here in Sydney...?"

She rolled her eyes at him as his smile broadened.

"Not so fast," she said, retracting her hand, but the look in his eyes was chipping away at her resolve. "You just admitted you work every hour there is."

"You're right. I did. I do. But I would like to change that, especially after seeing you again." Dylan said the words as if he were trying to convince himself.

"Well." Michaela's head was spinning, her heart hanging onto a hope that...

No, think about what he said. Think about what he wants. Company. Pleasure. Nothing more.

Damn it. Why did she want more?

"We'll see."

Dylan took both her hands this time, and the smile heated the green depths of his eyes. "Michaela Western, if there was ever someone who could get me to rearrange my calendar, it's you. Work shouldn't be everything, should it? I'm going to make damn sure you get used to me."

She beat down a giggle at his affected growl.

"Come on. Let's get out of here," Dylan said.

They rose from the table, and Michaela finally accepted his jacket against the cold of the evening.

He went to put his arm around her in the back seat of the car, but corrected himself. Good. This time, taking it slowly would mean exactly that.

At her hotel he walked her to the foyer. "Will I see you tomorrow?"

She checked his eyes, but there was only sincerity there. "I want to hope so," she said. "But I don't know if I should."

"You should," he said simply.

"Then I hope I will."

"I hope so, too." Dylan dipped his head to kiss her hand. The smallest sweep of his lips against skin, a fleeting moment of warmth before it was gone. Michaela stood watching his broad shoulders walk away until they disappeared back into the car.

Gone again, she thought.

But he'd been the one to suggest they try again. Maybe it would be different this time. That's what he'd promised, wasn't it? There was no pretense this time, and no expiration date. She thought about what he'd said and smiled. Maybe she'd be the one to break through his commitment phobia.

Don't get your hopes up. And anyway, you've got a career to focus on, remember?

But her stern internal censor was no match for the bright flow of hope that spread throughout her body. In her room, Michaela fell onto the bed, spreading herself over the soft cover in luxurious anticipation.

Dylan was here, in Sydney, and there was no three-month deadline in sight.

...

"Mom would have liked you," Dylan whispered to Michaela as he left her hotel.

The two women were very alike. His mother had always been strong and positive, and Michaela was the same. Even when he could tell she was hurt and afraid he would run out on her again, Michaela had managed to turn the tables on him, focusing on how he should be following his dreams. Not only that, but their conversation had cut right to the heart of his fears about being like his brother. "Which I'm not," he said aloud.

"Everything all right, sir?"

"Oh, yes, sorry. Muttering to myself a bit, aren't I?" Dylan had forgotten the chauffeur at the wheel of his Jaguar.

"No problems, sir. Expect a young woman like that would make your head spin."

She did that, thought Dylan. Michaela Western had made him spin from the moment he saw her.

He turned and looked out the rear window of the car, trying to picture her looking down at him from her hotel room. It would be good to have her in his life again. More than good. It would be perfect having her in his life again.

The company would still have to come first, but he would find room for Michaela-make his secretary schedule a weekly time to see her, if he had to. Michaela helped him relax, helped him see his way more clearly. He already felt more alive and focused than he had all week. He could do his job better with her in his life.

The thought was a revelation. It could be the perfect mix of both worlds, pleasure and business working cooperatively in his life for a change.

He sighed. It would be perfect for as long as it lasted.

When she got tired of him, ready to find her happily-ever-after with another man, he would let her go.

The thought of not having her unconditionally brought a tightness to his chest, but he ignored it. He was who he was-who he had to be, for the sake of the company and his mother's memory, and for Lily and the children's stability. He couldn't change. Not even for Michaela Western.

Chapter Thirteen

Dylan's PA had called first thing, arranging for Michaela to be collected from her hotel after work. When she put down the phone, Michaela paused. It was strange that Dylan hadn't called himself. Though at least he had bothered to set up a date. It wasn't like he'd known she was in Sydney before yesterday-he might be stuck in some multinational takeover bid for all she knew.

Finding a way to finish a little early, Michaela almost ran back to her hotel at the end of the day, allowing herself a full twenty minutes to get ready for Dylan. Her command to her nerves to be still was ineffective, and she had to almost sit on her hands when she was ready early. The knock on her door made her jump, but when she opened it to Dylan's smiling face and a dozen red roses, she almost yelped in excitement. Man, she felt like a teenager.

"This time we're going to my favorite restaurant," he told her.

Michaela frowned, anticipating something five-star. "Do I need to change?" she asked, looking down at her slightly shabby dress.

He laughed. "You might be a little overdressed, but no one will mind. Come on."

This time, the views weren't spectacular. In fact, there wasn't a view to speak of-they were pushed into a corner table while waiters circled around them calling loudly in Italian to each other.

"This is your favorite restaurant?" She couldn't keep the surprise out of her voice.

"Wait," was all he said.

And it was worth the wait. The noise began to make sense as Michaela relaxed into the evening. She enjoyed hearing the waiters burst into song at regular intervals, and the food was better than anything she'd ever tried in the Italian restaurants she'd been to.

But the best part was the way they treated Dylan, as if he were family. When she commented on it, he smiled and gestured to the maitre d'. "This is Lily," he said.

"And who is this?" Lily asked. Michaela thought she caught a flicker of sadness in the woman's eyes, though she smiled.

"This is the indomitable Michaela Western," Dylan said. "A high flier in the entertainment industry."

The two women shared a look, and Michaela thought, She's totally in love with him. Lily's eyes spoke clearly of all the heartache Dylan had caused her-was still causing her.

He didn't mean to, she thought defensively. It's different for us. We've been up-front about everything.

"Well, thank God she's willing to put up with you. I'll get you both the house special," Lily said to Dylan and walked away to give their order to the kitchen.

"So that's Brian's wife," Michaela said, almost as an aside.

"Yep. This is the only thing from their marriage that's all hers. I made sure of that when he left the first time. Good thing I did, too. I've had to get the lawyers to ensure Brian can't do any more harm to the company. Means it's up to me again, but I'll sort it out. Always have, probably always will."

Michaela stopped thinking about Lily and focused on Dylan. He was a good man-a family man, even if he didn't want a wife and children. "Do you hate the work that much?"

"No, I don't hate it," he said. He paused, looking off somewhere in the distance. "There are parts of the finance industry I love. It's been my life for so many years." Dylan's focus came back to her. "I just know I've been missing out on a lot by working all the time. And, well, now that I've had a taste of something different, it's harder to be back. I'll get used to it again. Someone has to keep the business going and make sure everyone's okay."

"Maybe you should just sell the company."

He gave her a sharp look. "Have you been talking to someone?"

She started. "No. Who would I talk to? What do you mean?"

"Sorry, it's just..." His face tightened, and he leaned in closer. "There have been a few companies sniffing around since I got back. Bloody vultures. I've blown them off-I didn't think Mom would approve. They just want to break up the company, dismantle everything we've built."

Michaela nodded, but she couldn't deny her disappointment. If Dylan wouldn't sell the company now, when there were offers on the table, would he ever walk away? Would he ever be able to let go of work enough to concentrate on building something with her?

Despite the nervous twist the thought made in her stomach, they managed to keep up a lively banter throughout dinner, and Michaela began looking forward to spending time with Dylan at her hotel, away from the ever-present eyes of his sister-in-law.

When they walked up the hall to her room, Michaela steeled herself to make the first move. "Will you come in?" she asked, aware already of the response his proximity generated in her body.

Dylan simply nodded and followed her into the suite. They sat on the edge of the bed. "Do you think you've gotten used to me yet?"

"After only two dates?" she asked, trying to sound light and teasing when she felt emotionally naked, trembling with the fear that she was only fooling herself, and none of this would turn out to be real.

"Is it only two dates?" He stroked her neck, sending ripples of pleasure through her. Her heart soared as he leaned in to kiss her. All her fears were just nerves. Something that wasn't going to work out couldn't feel this good, this right. This was the beginning of the rest of their lives together.

But just as their lips touched, his cell buzzed, vibrating against her chest through his jacket pocket.

Even then, she hoped he would ignore it. He would draw it from his pocket and turn it off, apologizing for allowing work to intrude on their private time together. He would put her first.

Dylan drew the phone out and looked at the number. "I'm so sorry," he said, rising to his feet, "but I really have to get this. Until tomorrow?"

Michaela gave him what she hoped was a casual smile and watched him walk out of her room. Again.

For the second night in a row, she fell back on the bed, her resurgent desire unquenched. As she fell, her bag, which she'd tossed near the foot of the mattress, tipped over, and its contents spilled across the floor. The three slim white packages among the clutter of coins, keys, and notebooks drew her gaze.

The pregnancy tests.

She'd made herself push the remote possibility of a pregnancy out of her head.

Hadn't she?

As she bent to pick up the packages, she considered the question. She'd had a fresh salad for lunch every day for a week. She'd been choosing herbal tea over coffee, refused wine at dinner except for a few sips. These were the actions of a woman looking after a pregnant body.

But I'm not. I just can't be. The odds are, like, super low, and I've hardly had any symptoms since the doctor's visit.

With the smell of Dylan still on her skin, she fingered the plastic wrapping of the tests. Could it really be a possibility? And did she want it to be?

She sat up properly and laid the tests out on the bed. I'll just have a look to prove that I'm not. Her fingers shaking, she pulled one thin plastic stick out of its wrapping. It seemed too innocent sitting in her palm. How could such a small thing possibly create so much change?

"I'll feel much better when I've proved I'm not pregnant."

Decided, Michaela picked up the test and headed for the bathroom. A few minutes later, she rushed back to the bed and grabbed another test, and then the third. The lines showed the same result on all three.

Positive.

"Oh, no."

All it took was one moment to change everything. Everything.

And she'd known it. Michaela hadn't wanted to admit it, not to the doctor, not even to herself, but as soon as the doctor had mentioned the possibility, something had clicked. She had known. Felt the changes, as impossible as it seemed.

She had been lying to herself. Silly, frightened woman-as if pretending not to believe it would make it go away. As if pretending not to know-pretending not to love-had ever gotten anybody what they wanted.

"So now what?" Anxious energy bubbled inside her as if she'd drunk ten glasses of champagne.

Now she was going to have a baby.

Did she want everything to change? She always assumed she'd have a family, but as the years had gone by and her career had taken more and more of her focus, the timing had never seemed right. "What if I'm not ready?"

Michaela shook her head. If she wasn't ready now, it was unlikely she'd ever be ready. The real question was whether she wanted to be a mother.

It took less than a minute for her to admit what she'd denied for a long time. "Yes." Yes, without a doubt.

And suddenly, there was no fear. Only excitement remained. All this time, she'd told herself her career was the most important thing. "And all along, it was you I'd been waiting for." Putting her hand to her stomach, Michaela gazed in wonder at the place where even now, a baby was growing.

She'd told Dylan she wanted to have everything-work, money, family. But what if this baby was all the family she managed?

It wouldn't be enough, because she wanted Dylan, too.

Finally she admitted it-the truth she had been keeping wrapped up tight, hiding even from herself. She loved Dylan Johns with every fiber of her body. And while she might be ready to be a mother, that didn't mean Dylan was ready to be a father.

Trying not to let the new panic spread through her body, Michaela stood and paced, trying to contain the questions racing through her mind by wrapping her arms around her stomach. Every "what if?" was there, and while she couldn't answer them all, she knew she wanted the baby. And she wanted Dylan.

Did his comment about intentions mean he was ready for more? Maybe. Then again, he'd walked out on her tonight without a backward glance, simply because he got a phone call. That wasn't the Dylan she'd fallen for on the ship. She wasn't sure the Dylan Johns she'd met in Sydney was a man she'd enjoy spending her life with.

And even if he was, Dylan had been clear he didn't do marriage. What if he thought she was trying to trap him when she told him about the baby? What if he wanted nothing more to do with her?

Her heart sank. Well, she was pregnant either way. Best she talk to him and find out.

Michaela looked at the clock on her dresser. Eleven o'clock. Dylan had left to take a call, an important call. His head would be full of that, and it was getting late now.

"Tomorrow," she said.

She tried to think positive thoughts. He loved children-he'd said so plenty of times when they were onboard together.

But he works so much. How are you ever going to see each other? And how will you find time to look after a child and work?

They'd figure it out. Lots of women had kids and kept their careers these days. Especially women with supportive partners.

And if he's not your partner?

Michaela looked down at her belly again. "I'll have you anyway." Her career would always be there. Getting pregnant against such steep odds-she couldn't help but feel that fate was stepping in. She would keep the baby.

...

The next morning, she picked up the slip of paper Dylan had given her. He'd given her his private office line rather than his cell number, which his secretary screened. It seemed unfair to tell him over the phone, but she needed to face this head on.

As she dialed the number, she rehearsed what she would say over in her head. When the phone picked up, she blurted the words out. "Dylan, I've got used to you already. I really have."

"Please leave a message."

Crap. His voicemail. But now that she'd amped herself up, Michaela just wanted to get it over with. "Um, hi. I really need to talk to you. God, this is awkward. I really wanted to tell you this in person. But you're so busy, I...well, I hope you really are used to me, because I'm pregnant. I can't believe I said that out loud. Just call me, will you?"

Her fingers hovered over the phone as she contemplated whether to call him again and leave another message-a calmer one this time.

No, it might just muddy the issue. Calling like that was not what she had planned, but it was done now. He'd either take the news well or not. Best she find out what he really thought rather than trying to smooth over the matter.

She crossed her fingers as she put the phone down.

Stepping into the shower, she tried to forget about Dylan and the baby and review what she needed to do at work, all the while listening out for the trill of her cell.

Nothing. Her cell remained resolutely silent.

She tried his office line on her way into work and then again when she got into the office. At lunch three times. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. A horrible sense of deja vu flashed through her. Not again. This couldn't be happening a second time.

Michaela flicked back over their last few days together. Was Dylan Johns really life partner material? She'd only found him again when she ran into him at his office, and he'd had to leave when he got an important call. They'd gone out for dinner so he could apologize, but last night he had taken a call and left just when she'd thought they were going to resume their old physical intimacy. Now she'd left him the most important message of her life, and...nothing. Her stomach turned. The pattern was unmistakable.

Deciding to give him the benefit of the doubt one more time, Michaela looked up his office and dialed his secretary. The answer did nothing to alleviate her growing dread. Yes, Mr. Johns was busy. He'd call her back as soon as he was able.

This corporate Dylan Johns was always busy. Michaela didn't fit into his schedule, she didn't fit into his life, and neither did a baby. What was she going to do?

A calm settled in. She'd made a decision, right? She could do this alone. She would do it alone.

If only she could stop her heart from aching.

...

"What's wrong now?"

Lily looked up from behind the bar with hurt in her eyes.

Damn. Dylan hadn't meant to be so harsh, but there was always something with Lily. He'd had back-to-back meetings all morning and hadn't even made it into the office yet. When his secretary called to tell him Lily and Michaela had both tried to get hold of him, he'd hoped to deal with Lily over the phone and make a dinner date with Michaela. Lily's tears had changed that plan. Would his life ever be his own?

He steadied himself and reached for the plate of garlic bread Lily had ordered from the restaurant kitchen. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be abrupt. What's happening?"

Lily poured herself a glass of water and took a sip. "The kids keep asking about when Daddy is coming back. It's horrible. I don't know what to tell them anymore."

"I think it's time for the truth. Brian's never going to be the father you want him to be."

Lily waved off his comment. "I know. You're more of a father than he has been for a long time. You fit with us. You know how much the kids missed you when you were away. We make a good family."

Dylan coughed as he tried to swallow the bread too quickly. Was he reading her right? Lily looked up at him from under her lashes.

Oh, no. He thought he'd dealt with this.

"I'm no one's father."

"You could be."

Dylan's clenched his jaw. "Lily, I love your kids, you know that. And you and I get along great, but we're never going to be together. I'm not the dutiful husband and father type."

"But we need you. I need you. You can't abandon us, too."

"I'm not abandoning you, Lily."

"You are. You're as bad as he is." Lily's tears began to fall, but Dylan didn't pull her into his arms. He'd had enough.

"No, Lily. I'm not as bad as he is. I've been here for you every time, all the time. And I'm here now, even though I should be with someone else."

"But I love you."

There it was. Lily's declaration hung in the air between them. "I know." He took her hand and spoke gently. "And I'm flattered. Any man would be glad to have you."

Lily's tears stilled. "Just not you." She sniffed and straightened.

"Not me." He patted her hand. "But you already knew that, really, didn't you? It would never work for us. You're the sister I never had."

Lily managed a wan smile. "I still love you."

"And I love you. Just not like that."

"Okay." Her sniveling stopped. She had known what his answer would be, that much was obvious. She'd just wanted to give it one last go.

"Anyway, I'm too busy for anyone." The words were a revelation to Dylan. It was true, he was busy all the time, and if that was the case, what was he doing with Michaela?

Lily gave him a long look. "Is that what you really want?"

Dylan stared up at his sister-in-law and shook his head.

"That woman you brought here. Michaela? You really like her, don't you?"

Hearing her name made Dylan's skin tingle. Yes. Yes, he really liked Michaela Western.

"Well, stop being so busy then. No one's making you. The company has ruled your life forever. Do something about it."

"Easier said than done." He sighed.

She put her hands on her hips. "Did you enjoy being on that cruise ship?"

"Sure." He laughed. "Who wouldn't?"

"I mean the dancing. Isn't that what you always wanted to do?" Her tone became authoritarian, entirely the sister he'd just told her she was. "There's a movie being shot in Sydney. A music hall thing. Go audition. If you don't get in, never mind. But if you do..."

"Maybe." Dylan looked at his watch. "Are you going to be okay?"

Lily sighed. "I coped for ten years without Brian ever really being here."

"I meant about us."

She shrugged. "I had to give it a shot. I'll talk to you later. I'm fine. We'll be fine." Taking the empty plate, she walked back to the kitchen.

Maybe he should give the audition a shot. Dylan pulled out his cell and scrolled back through the calls he'd had yesterday until he found the country code he was looking for. It was the call that had interrupted him and Michaela last night. The offer he'd dismissed out of habit, but which probably warranted closer attention. His lawyer, Jeremy, had even e-mailed him about the caller and his company this morning.

After a short conversation, he called his secretary. "Can you get me and Jeremy on the next plane to Singapore? I'll need a hotel for a night, too. And move my meetings for the next couple of days."

Dylan thought of spending time in Singapore without Michaela and felt a tug in his chest. It was just for a couple of days. A couple of days that could change everything.

...

Dylan stopped by the office on his way back from the airport. His head still spun from his whirlwind of meetings in Asia. Flicking through the contracts he'd gone over and over on the plane, he couldn't quite believe what he was looking at. "Freedom."

He shut the file. "And it was so easy."

When Michaela had suggested it, she'd made it sound so simple. Sell the company. Sever his ties, and live a different life. The life he wanted. Simple and logical, just like being with her.

"A new partner." He still couldn't quite believe it was possible-and so quickly. There were still a number of details to sort out, but it was more than possible. The decision had been made. The Board had already approved it. Because the Singapore company had been looking for a while, all the due diligence was finalized. McCrays would get a new partner and a bunch of new executives.

This week, the world had become a place where Dylan got to choose his destiny.

After scanning through the messages from his secretary, Dylan turned to his private office line. He hardly gave out the number to anyone, and now that his mother and Brian were gone, he pretty much ignored it. His secretary diverted any important business calls to his cell. A flashing light indicated he had a message. He played it back.

Um, hi. I really need to talk to you. God, this is awkward. He smiled at Michaela's voice. I really wanted to tell you this in person. But you're so busy, I...well, I hope you really are used to me, because I'm pregnant. I can't believe I said that out loud. Just call me, will you?

Pregnant!

A child. Their child. He was going to be a father.

How? His thoughts flashed back to Vanuatu. They'd been careful, except that first time. He'd been so caught up in the moment, in their mutual desire...

Dylan's smile faded as a hand squeezed his heart. Just when he'd got himself free of commitments. "How did this happen?"

Perhaps you're asking the wrong question. It's not how, it's why.

"Maybe it's one of those things that's meant to be."

Dylan saw his current life stretched out clearly in front of him. The long hours, the fear of commitment, the fear of marriage-all of it was about trying to avoid being like his brother and father. But he wasn't a bit like either of them. He'd fallen into the same workaholic patterns since he'd come back, all that time on the ship undone in a few short days.

"Not anymore." He still got to choose his own destiny, and he needed Michaela to be a part of it.

To think he'd first decided to pursue her as a challenge. "And instead she's been the one to challenge me. To challenge everything I thought I knew." He smiled when he thought about all the changes that had clicked into place over the last few days.

Looking at the photograph of his mother on his desk, the smile drooped a little. "I'm sorry you never got to meet Michaela," he said to his mother. "I think you would have got on really well. I know we didn't talk about me going back to dancing. But all this money and success was never really me. I only did it to please you. Stupid, hey? I wish we'd talked about this earlier, I know you would have understood. Don't worry, though, I'll make you proud."

The truth of his own words strengthened him. His new business merger would finally release him from the day-to-day running of the company, and he could truly start living. A whole new chapter of his life was just beginning-and he meant to ensure Michaela was in it. Michaela and their baby.

He looked up the number for the studio that was holding the auditions Lily had told him about. There was just one more thing to sort out.

Chapter Fourteen

The vase of red roses Dylan had brought her a few nights ago sat on Michaela's dresser. How could that have only been days ago? So much had changed.

She pulled at a stray petal. The first day without hearing from him had been awful, but the second day had been worse. And as the truth that he wasn't going to call sunk in on the third day, Michaela's heart had turned to concrete again.

Being a workaholic wasn't conducive to relationships, and from what his secretary said, Dylan Johns was addicted to being busy.

There was no room for Michaela in his life. No room for her or a baby.

Alone in her hotel room, the reality of what was about to happen hit home. The pregnancy tests still sat beside the bathroom sink, and she picked them up again and carried them into the bedroom with her. "I'm going to have a baby. Alone."

The words carried a rush of terror, excitement, and anticipation through her, and she couldn't decide which emotion to stick with. "I guess it doesn't really matter," she said to the room. "It's going to happen however I feel about it."

She dialed room service but couldn't decide what to order. There were certain things pregnant women weren't supposed to eat, she knew that, but she couldn't for the life of her remember what they were. Potatoes were definitely safe, though, so she ordered a large plate of fries.

A few minutes later, there was a knock on her door. Smiling, she went for her wallet to get a tip for the waiter.

"Thank you..." she said as she opened the door-but trailed off at the sight of Dylan's large frame filling her doorway.

"I got your message. Can I come in?" He beamed at her.

For a moment, Michaela couldn't speak.

"You've got some cheek. Turning up here now, expecting a warm welcome."

The smile dissolved. "I'm sorry I haven't called. Things just got crazy."

"I'm sure they did, but that's the problem with you, isn't it? 'Things' will always come up. 'Things' will always get in the way."

"I should have rung, I'm sorry. But I only got your message today-"

"It's too late. You've made it clear where your priorities lie. Work will always come first. It's fine. I think you better leave." She tried to shut the door.

"Michaela, wait." With his shoulder to the door, he overpowered her, pushed his way into the room, and shut the door behind him. "Can we just back up a bit? I've got news."

Turning her back, Michaela stalked over to a chair, not trusting herself to get too close. "I've got a new business partner," he said. "I've gotten the board's approval for a merger, so it's only a matter of days until the details get sorted by the lawyers and it becomes public. It's going to be fantastic-more than fantastic."

She kept her face stony.

"I'll have more time, and there'll be more money, so you can quit work and have our baby."

"I should quit work and look after the baby?" she echoed, dumbfounded.

"You don't have to... I mean, it'll be up to you. If-" He faltered and raked a hand through his hair.

Michaela checked his face. He seemed genuinely upset. She bit her lip. No. She'd been here before. "I'm happy for you that you've done something about your company, but that doesn't change anything. You're still a workaholic. Something else will come up, and you'll swan off on your next crusade. You don't do relationships, or weddings, or family, you said so yourself."

"I really said that, didn't I?"

"Don't pretend with me. You don't even want this baby. Admit it."

"Michaela, of course I want our baby."

"You say that now."

"Stop this. You're not listening. I've changed. You've changed me. All the work, all the success-it's all nothing without you."

Michaela rolled her eyes. "I always did say you could have had a career in acting."

Dylan heaved an exasperated sigh. "I mean it. God, you're so damn independent."

"And that's a bad thing?"

"No. No, of course not. But Michaela-" he walked over to where she sat and tried to take her hand as he knelt in front of her. "We're good together. I said all those things before I realized how empty my life is without you."

Not prepared to trust him yet, Michaela said nothing, and he stood and went to sit on the bed. The three pregnancy tests lay within arm's reach. He picked them up. "We're having a baby," he said, the amazement clear in his voice.

"I'm having a baby."

"Michaela, please."

This time she was sure the hurt in his eyes was genuine, and the concrete around her heart softened, allowing a little blood back in. "How can I know you won't just leave again? That some phone call won't summon you off on important business you can't afford to turn down?"

"Because you've made me realize how important it is to live my life properly. To follow my dreams. That's my other piece of news. Lily told me about a dance audition for a film. I figured I had nothing to lose and-and I got the part!"

Of course, he might want their baby, but that didn't mean he was going to be around to help raise it. Michaela remained mute.

"You were the one who said my mother would have wanted me to give dancing a shot."

"That's great," she said.

"But it's here," he said, obviously expecting a bigger reaction. "I got a part as a dancer in a film. It's a big Hollywood music hall thing. They're shooting it here in Sydney. It gives me about six months to hand things over with the firm, and then I'll be dancing again. And..." He took her hands. "I'll have you here with me."

"I'm still not sure..."

"Please. We're good together. I never would have done any of this without you."

She shrugged.

"Tell me you don't want to be with me. That you don't want our baby to have a father."

"That's not the issue-"

"Well, then stop this. I want to be a father to this child. I want to be with you."

Michaela looked up at him. "You really mean that?" The concrete crumbled a bit more, and her heart began pumping in earnest. A mix of excitement and nervousness rushed through her. This might really be happening, just as she'd hoped it would.

"Absolutely."

She bit her lip, her trust still shaky. But she wanted to believe. Oh, she wanted to. "I don't know. I don't know how we'll make this work."

"We'll take it slow, remember? One day at a time."

"But what about 'no long-term commitments'? A baby is about as long-term a commitment as you can get."

"I know. I've realized it's not really about the length of the relationship, it's about the two people involved. I was stuck in old habits. Old patterns... Look, have you eaten?"

"I ordered room service before you got here," she admitted.

"Can you cancel it?"

"I don't really think..."

He was already on the phone.

When he hung up, he took her hands and said, "Come."

...

Everyone was smiling when they arrived at Lily's restaurant. "God, it looks like they've all been working on cruise ships," she said.

Dylan just laughed. He kept patting his jacket pocket, and he was jumpy.

"Are you okay? We really didn't have to come out to eat." She toyed with her hair, his jitters making her nervous.

"Oh, yes, we did."

Their first course arrived with a glass of sparkling grape juice for Michaela. She sipped at it and then couldn't take it any longer. "What is it?" she asked. "Is there something else you need to tell me?"

His smile seemed rigid, the nerves almost visible on his face, and Michaela froze. "Oh, no," she said very softly. "If there are any more surprises, I really don't want to know. I don't think I can take any more."

"Okay then," he said, and took a deep breath. "Just one more thing, but it's more of a question." He looked over at his sister-in-law, who nodded. "I was planning a whole song and dance routine around this, you know, violins, more roses, champagne, but it seems like we're never going to do things in an orderly fashion." He got down on one knee as the lights dimmed and a piece of beautiful music filled the restaurant.

Michaela felt her mouth open.

"Michaela Western, will you do me the great honor of becoming my wife?"

Dylan opened a small blue box, and Michaela gasped when she saw the antique diamond ring it held.

"How did you... When did you have time to...?"

"It was my mother's," he said. "I asked Lily if she minded my giving it to you rather than passing it on to her kids, and she agreed. It's what Mom would have wanted."

"But you don't believe in marriage."

Dylan paused. "I was looking for reasons not to believe in it. I've had to deal with the fallout of Brian's marriage for so long, I ignored the other examples around me. My mother always talked about the good marriage she had before my father died. That's what I want for us. For our child to grow up as part of a loving family."

"But you said...when we were on the ship..."

He put a finger to her lips. "Maybe I just hadn't found the right woman to be my wife."

"Your wife?" she managed.

"Of course," he said. "And the mother of my child."

"But I want to keep working. I don't want to be just your wife, or just a mother. I want everything."

"And so you should. You are a woman completely capable of getting everything you want."

Could this really be happening? Did she want it to? "You haven't said anything about how you feel."

"How I feel?" His face was blank.

"If I have to spell it out..."

He smiled. "Michaela, I love you. I love everything about you."

Michaela thought back to the speech she used to give to new crew members when they first arrived onboard the Pacific Empress. Welcome to a new world, she'd say. A world where you will be part of other people's dreams.

She must be dreaming now. "Where would we live? How will I be able to-"

"One day at a time, remember?"

The pause seemed to stretch out for an eternity, and suddenly she felt the eyes of everyone in the restaurant on her. "I don't know what to say," she managed.

"A yes is all I need."

A woman sitting with her grandkids caught Michaela's eye and gave her a wink and thumbs up.

Michaela nodded, and Dylan slipped the ring onto her finger as the restaurant erupted into cheers.

This time, the dreams weren't other people's. They were hers.

