Chapter One

Thanksgiving Day

I sat bolt-upright so forcefully that I threw Adam off of me and right out of bed. He landed on the floor with a thump looking startled.

"Hey! What did I do?" he asked in a groggy voice.

I was trembling, my heart pounding so hard, it felt like I was standing next to a speaker at a rock concert. I looked down at my left hand in a panic and immediately released a ragged breath. Relief washed over me when I saw the ring in the morning light.

"You left," I whispered hoarsely. I looked around and saw the familiar black and gray decor of Adam's bedroom and calmed down a little more.

"You kicked me out of bed," he reminded me, picking himself back up and crawling under the covers with me again. My gaze traveled over to him, morning scruff on his chin, dark hair rumpled from sleep - beautiful.

"In my dream. You left me," I explained. Even saying the words made me shudder. He noticed and pulled me into his arms. They were strong arms. Adam worked out and his muscles were hard and well-defined. He was so much bigger than me and I loved it.

"I'm not leaving, you nutty broad." He stroked my hair gently. "It's my apartment." I leaned back and glared at him, but his smile softened me again and I snuggled back into his embrace.

"It's just subconscious fear. I'm afraid that if I love you too much you'll reject me." I felt him tense and hug me tighter.

"No other woman has ever been able to get me as worked up as you do." He took my hand and guided it to the familiar bulge pressing against my leg. "In more ways than one."

"Maybe you should reassure me." I really wanted him to reassure me actually.

"I'll give you a good reassuring, baby," he replied with a laugh and a lecherous look, pushing me onto my back. In seconds, his head was between my legs and his tongue was stroking my clit. I moaned and grabbed his hair, grinding against him.

"Please, Adam." I gasped.

"Please what?" he mumbled, and the vibration of his words drove me into a frenzy.

"Please!" I cried again, voice rising in volume and pitch. Arching my back, I yanked on his hair so hard it's a wonder that I didn't pull it out.

"What do you want me to do?" he asked, just before his tongue swept up inside me. I moaned again, louder this time. Frankly, I wasn't even sure what I was begging for. Then, it soaked into my lust-drenched brain that I wanted him to fill me up. Completely. I wanted to feel claimed.

"Fuck me!" I cried out urgently. "Please Adam! I need you to f**k me. Everywhere! I want you to show me I'm completely yours." I felt him pause as what I was saying sunk in. He looked up at me questioningly. "My mouth." I panted. "My pu**y." I paused. "Everywhere."

His dark eyes burned with almost predatory excitement. Slowly, he crawled up over me, that hot gaze never leaving mine. When he was kneeling over me, positioned just above my mouth, he reached down and gently tilted my head back.

"Let's see how much you can take," he said in a quietly firm voice that thrilled me so much that it made me shiver.

I reached up and guided him between my lips as he braced his hands against the headboard and adjusted his angle. Then he pushed down slowly and slid up against the back of my throat, pausing to see if he would gag me. The angle worked and he didn't. Grabbing his ass tightly, I eased him down even more, relaxing and accepting him. He groaned as he slid deeper. I concentrated on keeping my muscles loose and trusted him not to lose control. His breathing turned ragged as he started moving. The research for my erotic romance novels was paying off. I had figured out how to deep throat without injuring either one of us.

His heavy breathing and sounds of pleasure filled the room. He kept saying my name over and over, and hearing him so far gone almost made me come. His rhythm eventually faltered and his muscles became as tense as piano wire. I knew those were his signs. I could read his body as well as he could read mine.

"I can't ... Oh f**k! I'm coming, Lily!" He clutched my head with one hand, grabbing onto my hair; then he shuddered and stilled. I swallowed and he made an almost desperate sound.

After a few seconds, he eased out of my mouth and laid down beside me, rolling over and kissing me deeply. I loved that he kissed me. I knew he was showing me that even though we were being wild, he didn't see me as a whore. It was great to have a partner who you could be down and dirty with, knowing he would never make you feel like trash.

When we had kissed and cuddled for a while, I reached down between his legs and gently rubbed his balls to remind him that we weren't done yet. That beautiful c**k responded like it belonged to a seventeen year-old.

"Do you still want me to ...?" he began.

"Are you okay with that?" I interrupted.

"Sure, if you are. Have you ever done that?" he asked, watching me stroke him.

"Yes. Does that disappoint you?" I asked, tensing up a little.

"No. Why should it?" I sighed and relaxed again. I loved that he didn't care.

"I figured maybe you wanted to go to uncharted territory. Isn't that a guy thing?"

"Some guys. I don't need to be the first as long as I'm the last." He reached up and started kneading my breast and I sighed as a warm wave of pleasure rolled down over my tummy. "So we should probably start off the traditional way."

"Would it totally ruin the mood if I asked for a private moment to prepare myself first?" I asked, giving him a significant look.

"Uh, no. It's rather considerate actually. Do you mind if I read one of your books while I wait? I believe I recall a scene in the third one that would set the mood perfectly."

"Go right ahead." I smiled gratefully and headed off for the bathroom.

Here was a moment I would probably never mention in one my books. While most romance novels didn't describe details like preparing yourself for anal sex, most real people didn't say "puckered love bud" either.

A few minutes later, I returned to the bedroom where Adam held his iPad in one hand and himself in the other. God, I loved watching him do that, especially, knowing it was my writing that was turning him on. He looked so sexy, flushed and breathing quickly. I swallowed hard and felt a heavy ache develop between my legs. He looked up then and his eyes raked over my body.

"Come here Lily," he said in a tone that made me shiver again. He put his iPad on the bedside table and I walked over to him on rubbery legs. He shifted up onto his knees and grabbed a couple of pillows, positioning them in the middle of the bed. "Crawl up here and lean over the pillows," he said firmly.

I was breathing quickly, and I could feel my skin flushing everywhere, as my pu**y started to throb. He looked over at my side of the bed and I followed his gaze. On my bedside table sat a bottle of lube, a condom and my vibrator. Okay - that, I had never done. Considering Adam's size, I wondered if everything would fit.

"You want me to use that too?"

"I want to make sure that you come, but it will also make you incredibly tight. I'll probably even be able to feel the vibration."

I didn't ask him how he knew that. I had already decided to just appreciate the fact that I was now the sole beneficiary of his extensive sexual experience. If he didn't judge, then neither would I. Besides, I wrote erotic novels. I wasn't exactly closed-minded. Obviously.

I nodded, and before I assumed the position, he kissed me gently and told me he loved me. Then, I did what he told me to do, leaning over the pillows, turning my head to the side and feeling the smooth coolness of the sheets against my cheek and my br**sts. He adjusted my legs to how he wanted them, and gently pressed down on my lower back, which raised my bottom up further. I felt the air against me. I was wide open to him, and completely vulnerable, but I trusted him completely. He began by massaging me gently, starting at my hips, and slowly working his way inward and down toward my center.

"So beautiful, Lily. You're swollen and wet and ready for me." I knew how ready I was when he slipped two fingers inside me and easily added a third. It felt so good, and I pressed against his hand, wanting more and more.

"You see how much I want you?" I asked in a shaky voice, slightly muffled against the sheets. "I want you as close as you can be to me. I want to be filled with you."

His fingers slid out and he positioned himself at my entrance. Grabbing my hips tightly, he slowly slid inside me until I had taken him up to the hilt. I felt my walls stretch to accommodate him. No matter how ready I was, there was a whole lot of Adam to love.

"You feel so good," he said hoarsely. "So much warmer inside."

"So deep this way," I rasped, and he began sliding in and out as I whimpered with pleasure, feeling lightheaded and boneless, just lying there letting him take me. It was more than physical. Every time he filled me completely, I felt calmer and safer. As I felt the pressure begin to build, I spoke up. "Adam, please. Everywhere."

He paused and I felt him reach over to the bedside table. Even though I was very wet, I knew he didn't want to take any chances. He slid out of me and made sure that that I was well lubricated as possible. Then I heard the quiet hum of my vibrator.

"Can you hold this?" he asked slipping it inside me. I reached down with one hand, enjoying how well my rabbit got along with my pu**y. Then I felt him press against my ass, first with his finger, massaging me and gently increasing the pressure. Within a minute, my muscles had relaxed and he his finger slipped inside.

"Is that okay?" he asked, sounding like he was on the verge of losing control. That, added to the amount of stimulation, was driving me quickly toward orgasm and I wanted more.

"Yes, but I need you now," I pleaded. He slipped his finger out, and shortly, I heard the tear of a foil packet. I knew that he was being as considerate as he could be. After all, what goes in eventually comes out, something else I would likely never mention in one of my novels.

Then I felt the head of his c**k against me, and I braced myself and pushed back against him, as he grabbed my hips and increased the pressure. I relaxed as much as I could, and then there was a slight burn as I yielded and he slid inside, the momentary twinge of discomfort quickly transforming into intense pleasure and relief. I heard him gasp as he froze.

"Oh f**k, yes," he bit out and I almost came.

He started thrusting, as my rabbit continued to do its work, and I knew I was done. I had never felt anything even close to this. My entire body felt awash with sensation. I was completely full. I would never feel empty again. I wasn't going to last a minute.

"I'm going to come." I moaned, feeling myself crashing forward fast, racing toward orgasm. Nothing would stop it now. I paused for that one millisecond on the edge, and it felt like everything was moving in slow motion. I got that feeling you get when you're a kid riding a swing, just when you reach the highest point, and feel gravity start to yank you back to Earth.

My outer muscles became taught, and my stomach clenched, as my inner muscles convulsed and began to spasm. There were no coherent thoughts - only sensations, physical and emotional. I didn't even know you could have emotional sensations. I made an almost primal sound, and I could hear him too, but his voice sounded far away.

"Never. Leave. You."

He stilled, gasped, shuddered and groaned. Then, he collapsed, being careful, even then, not to hurt me. His weight on me was exactly what I needed at that moment. I felt claimed and comforted and calm.

Chapter Two

"Surveying the carnage?" Adam asked, coming into the kitchen later that day. He kissed me on the cheek, and glanced over my shoulder at the smoldering tray of what were supposed to be cookies. They looked like chunks of coal.

"I don't understand. I did everything I was supposed to." I stared at the charred rubble in front of me dejectedly. He slid an arm around my waist and I relaxed against him.

"Don't worry about it, Lilith. We'll see that it gets a fitting burial."

"I feel like such failure. I have no domestic skills whatsoever."

"I'm not marrying you for your cooking," he said, turning me to face him. He paused for a moment, and I looked up at him, a small smile tugging at the corners of my mouth. And then, being Adam, he went on. "I'm marrying because you're good in bed."

I narrowed my eyes and glared at him, as he smirked back at me. I was about to give him a snarky reply when his cell phone rang. He grabbed it out of his back pocket, mouthed 'Cameron,' and headed off toward the living room.

I went and sat down at the breakfast table to sulk and try to figure out what contribution I would be able to make to the Roth family Thanksgiving gathering. Adam's mom said that I could bring a desert, and cookies had seemed easy. Who knew? There was probably nothing open today other than a few convenience stores. Great, we could announce our engagement as I offered his family a pack of Oreos and a Kit Kat.

Adam came back into the kitchen a few minutes later. His eyes dropped to my "King of the Grill" apron and I saw him trying not to laugh. I guess that he hadn't really noticed before.

"What?" I asked defensively. I found this in your kitchen.

"This will be your kitchen too soon. God help us."

"Very funny. Why do you assume that I'm going to move in with you?"

"Because we're getting married? And that usually works better if you live in the same place." He went over to the counter, grabbed a potholder, and emptied my failed culinary experiment into the garbage. It was probably an act of mercy.

"Maybe you should move in with me. A bunch of your stuff is there already. I don't even have a drawer here."

"That's because you don't need clothes here." He smirked.

"We haven't even discussed it, though. You can't just make decisions for us as a couple without even consulting me. We need to discuss things."

"Okay, we'll discuss it." He held his hands up like he was a scale, weighing the options, and I sensed more sarcasm on the horizon. "On one hand we have the upscale, secure building in one of the best neighborhoods in Philadelphia. That would be my place." The scale tipped a little to the right. "On the other hand we have the tenement in the ghetto. That would be your place." The scale evened out again. "I don't know, babe, that's a pretty tough choice. Oh wait! No it's not!" The scale slammed down to the right.

"We should still discuss it," I said through gritted teeth. "Married people discuss things."

"What is there to discuss?"

"Don't you understand? It's not the choice itself. It's that you want to make it unilaterally. If you want to marry me, you need to include me in the decision-making."

"Fine. Do you want to move in with me, Lily? It's a nice place. It's true, it isn't quite as colorful as your place. We don't have any drunken cougars or tattoo artists named Vixen. And there are no mafia hit men living here, but there are lots of cafes and shops nearby!" he said with a sunny smile.

"It seems like the better choice," I growled, glaring ominously.

"Well, I'm glad we discussed this, honey." He smiled. Communication was something we were definitely going to need to work on.

"What did Cameron want?" I asked, changing the subject before I killed him.

"He wanted to know if we wanted to come over tonight after we left my parents' place. Jessica is all moved in now, and they invited Braden and Gabrielle, and Mark and Braden's sister, Beth."

"Beth is back in town? That's great." I had gotten to know my friend Gabrielle's sister-in-law, Beth, fairly recently, but we seemed to hit it off really well. Then it dawned on me ... "What did you say?"

"I said we would be over later," he answered, going over to the fridge and pulling out some grapes.

"Again, without even asking me," I said, getting seriously annoyed. I saw him pause and take a deep breath. He was getting annoyed too. He turned and put the grapes down on the counter. He was more than annoyed. He was angry. Uh oh. Just like old times.

"Lily, do you not want to go see our friends tonight?" he asked, sounding exasperated.

"I do want to see them, Adam, but I want you to ask before you answer for both of us."

"Look, if it were something like, should we buy a house, should we have kids, then yes, I obviously see the merits of discussion. But I knew you would want to be there if your friends were getting together."

I could see that he was pissed off. In the past, I would have held my ground, but the point I was trying to make was about communication, and fighting wasn't communicating. I took a deep breath myself and counted to ten mentally. Then, I walked over to him and put my arms around his waist, looking up into his angry but still beautiful brown eyes.

"You're right. I do want to move in with you, and I do want to see our friends tonight, and I'm glad you know me so well. But I need to have a voice in this relationship. I fought enough battles with my parents over the right to have my own opinion. Please, will you just ask? I'll probably agree." He just stared back at me for a moment, and then I saw the anger fade.

"Okay. I'm going to go watch some football. How do you feel about that?" he asked. I couldn't help myself, I smiled.

Chapter Three

As I walked up the drive to his parents' front door later that afternoon clutching my Entemann's pound cake, I turned to Adam nervously. He had proposed the previous Saturday night, and we had agreed to hold off on telling them until we saw them in person today.

"Now, I think we should wait until we're all relaxed and sitting down ..."

"Uh huh ..." he answered, sounding like he was only half listening. He reached out to push the bell as I shifted my weight from foot to foot and felt my palms begin to sweat even in the November chill.

"And we'll stress that we haven't discussed the details ..." I went on, my voice sounding higher pitched than normal.

"You had better let me hold the cake," he said, relieving me of my contribution to dessert.

The door flew open and Adam's mom stood there beaming. His dad stood beside her with a friendly smile. They invited us in, and the second we cleared the doorway, Deb Roth's eyes flew to my left hand as if angels had tipped her off.

"Oh my God!" was all I heard before she clutched me to her bosom in a death grip that could have earned a World Wrestling Federation belt. I gasped and tried to hug her back but my arms were pinned to my sides. I now understood why Adam had wanted to hold the cake. Luckily, he intervened before she cracked my ribs.

"Mom! Come on, let her go. She's turning blue." Mrs. Roth immediately turned her attention to her youngest child and only son.

"My baby! My sweet little boy!" She clutched onto Adam like a drowning woman to a life raft. I grabbed the cake back just in time.

"Congratulations," Mr. Roth said pleasantly. "It's about time."

"What's going on?" Adam's sister, Abby interrupted before I could explore the meaning of that comment further.

"Look!" Mrs. Roth let go of her baby boy and gestured toward my engagement ring. It might as well have been the Ark of the Covenant there on my left hand.

"Oh, wow," Abby exclaimed, sounding amazed. "Is that an engagement ring?"

"She finally caught me," Adam replied smugly and I gave him a raised eyebrow.

"That's wonderful!" She ran over and hugged us both. Then she called out to the rest of the family in the other room. "Hey everyone, Adam popped the question!"

After a second of what I can only imagine was stunned silence, the next room erupted into a cacophony that sounded like Times Square on New Year's Eve. So much for my carefully laid plans. Then a wave of family members joined us in the foyer and the hugging began in earnest. Adam's other two older sisters, Hannah and Sarah, were there, along with Hannah's husband, Nate, and their four year-old, Josh. There was also a guy I didn't recognize, who just seemed to be taking everything in. I assumed that he was Sarah's new boyfriend, Seth.

"I always knew you two would get married," Hannah noted triumphantly.

"We were always fighting," I pointed out, a bit confused by this observation.

"Exactly," Hannah replied with huge grin.

"He had your picture in his drawer all during high school," Mrs. Roth said cheerfully. Suddenly, everyone turned to stare at her, including Adam, who looked positively violated.

"That was a picture of my friends," he said defensively.

"And Lily was standing off to the side, looking very lovely. Now, come on everyone, it's time for dinner." I looked up at Adam with smug smile of my own and followed along behind his mom.

We spent the next hour being interrogated about our plans and being inundated with details about venues, caterers, bands and florists. I had expected no less, but I still hadn't really been prepared for it. By the end of dinner my head was spinning. Weirdly enough, the anxiety this conversation caused made me feel horny. By the time we got to the pound cake, I was seriously jonesin' to get it on with Mrs. Roth's baby boy. We finally got a moment alone in the kitchen as we helped out by loading up the dishwasher.

"So, I know that was probably enough to make your head implode ..." he began.

"Let's have sex," I interrupted. He almost dropped the glass he was holding.

"Now? Here?! In the house I grew up in? Where my mother lives?"

"It's psychological. Considering all of these details is stressful. Stress makes me want comfort. That makes me want to get really freaky with you, just like this morning."

"I'm happy I can comfort you," he said, with an amused and slightly turned on expression, "and I'm thrilled by how you want me to do it, but can't we wait until we get home? Trying to get it up with my mother around might make me need therapy. Her proximity is like a cold shower for me. There could even be shrinkage, and neither one of us wants that."

"We're not going right home, though. We're going to Jess and Cam's place. Hey, maybe we can fool around in the backseat of the car," I suggested hopefully.

"Just wait until we get home, and I'll lick cranberry sauce off of you, and do you on the dining room table if that's what you want."

"Hmm. That sounds like it might be fun. I don't know if I can wait, though. I'm really horny." I gave him a lusty look and gently squeezed his package. Shrinkage, my ass.

"Okay, come on! That's not fair," he said, laughing and backing away from me. "Keep it up, Lilith, and you won't be able to walk tomorrow."

"Promises. Promises." I flirted back.

"Let's get out of here before you traumatize me, saucy wench." He dried his hands on a towel and headed for the door.

"Adam," I said and he paused and looked back at me. "This has been a really great Thanksgiving so far."

"Yeah," he said with a happy smile.

Chapter Four

Jessica and Cameron lived in a nice, three-story townhouse in the Society Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia. As we approached, I could see into the kitchen window, which was at sidewalk level. The scene looked warm and inviting. Jess, was in there putting together trays with snacks, and Gabrielle and Beth were laughing about something together. A feeling of well-being came over me. I really enjoyed being with my friends... our friends. Adam and I had joint friends now, thanks to Gabrielle and Braden's marriage. That had worked out well.

We climbed up the stone steps from the sidewalk to the front door, and I grabbed the brass knocker just as Adam leaned over to whisper in my ear.

"We don't have to stay long if that need for my comfort is still urgent."

"Maybe I'll just sneak you off to a dark corner," I whispered back, as the door swung open and Cameron Clay stood there, looking as handsome as ever.

"Hey, there. If it isn't Mr. and Mrs. Cocky Prosecutor," Cam joked, standing aside so that we could come in. "Let me take your coats, and relieve you of that wine."

Adam handed him the bottle he was carrying and helped me out of my jacket. It was the little things like that I appreciated the most about how he treated me these days, like helping me with my coat, and not calling me a nasty wench or a demon harpy anymore.

"Nice place," I said, looking around the stylishly decorated townhouse.

"Thanks. The women folk are downstairs. I would like to have your fiance here join the other guys up in my man cave, where we can drink some good scotch and smoke a celebratory cigar in his honor," Cam said patting Adam on the back.

"Great," I said rolling my eyes at Adam. "I hope you brought your Tic Tacs."

"As a matter of fact I did." He smirked. "Would you like one?"

"No thanks. I know how precious they are to you." I smiled back. "Inside joke," I explained to Cam, who was looking confused.

With that, he led Adam off to the land of scotch and tobacco, and I headed downstairs. My friends greeted me with warm smiles and a happy yip. That was Bruno, Gabrielle's Chihuahua, who was actually male, but was hanging with the "women folk" anyway.

"Hey honey! Come on down," Jess called out. "We were just talking about you."

"Hi there!" my friend, Beth, said enthusiastically, coming over to give me a big hug.

"Hi! Long time no see. How's it going?"

"Great. I've been in D.C. observing a couple of legal non-profits to get a feel for how the development end is run." We walked over to the breakfast bar and took a seat by Gabrielle.

"We're going to be working together," I told her.

"I heard, but I also heard even bigger news!" Beth said in an excited voice. "I can't believe that you and Adam are engaged. Congratulations!"

"Thanks. Sometimes I can't believe it myself." My insecurity-fueled nightmare popped into my head for a moment before I pushed it back out. "Were you nervous before your wedding?" I asked Gabrielle, who was sitting across from me.

"Not really, but we did wind up getting married at our engagement party. So, it wasn't like I had all that much time to worry. Why? Are you nervous?"

"Tense is more like it," I answered. "It's just that it's such an important day, not only for Adam and me, but for his family too. There are so many details and I want it be perfect."

"What about your family?" Beth asked.

"My family is just my parents, and nothing I do is ever perfect in their eyes, so I'm not even going there."

"Lily, honey, that day is for you and Adam. Period." Jess said, giving me a serious look. "Don't worry about anyone else."

"Adam and I haven't discussed many details. There's so much we need to talk about, but sometimes, it's like he assumes that he's the designated decider for both of us."

"Well, you need to just sit him down and tell him how you feel about things," Gab said.

"I'm not even sure how I do feel," I replied honestly.

"Well, let's figure it out," Beth chimed in. "Change your name? Yes or no?"

"I think so, but I want to keep Adler as my middle name."

"Where are you going to live?" Gab asked.

"With him. We did actually talk about that one. Sort of."

"Two decisions down," Beth said. "How about kids?" That one stopped me in my tracks.

"Kids?" I asked, startled.

"Little people who kind of look like you?" she teased.

"Wow, kids. Me ... a mom. I don't know if I would be good at that. I'm not used to kids. I was an only child. I can't even cook."

"You don't cook them, honey, you raise them," Jess joked.

"I was an only child, and I can't cook, but Braden and I are thinking about trying to start a family, maybe a year from now," Gabrielle chimed in.

"But your mom is really warm and nurturing. My mom's nickname is the Ice Queen. She's not much of an example."

"Isn't Adam's mom nice?" Beth asked. "Spend more time with her."

"She is," I replied. "She's incredibly nice, and his oldest sister has a four year-old ..." Suddenly, an idea occurred to me. "I'll be right back," I said, hopping down from my stool, and heading off in search of Adam. I followed the scent of cigar smoke until I located Cam's man cave, and I peeked in the doorway, but Adam wasn't there.

"Looking for hubby?" Mark asked cheerfully, lounging in a chair in front of the biggest television I have ever seen, with a cigar in one hand, and a scotch glass in the other.

"He's using the facilities, straight down the hall," Cam added, just before he shot a pool ball into the side pocket. So, this was a man cave. I thanked them and continued my search. I got to the bathroom door just as Adam was coming out. He almost jumped back in surprise.

"Well, hello." He smiled.

"Do you want to get me pregnant?" I asked urgently, pushing him back into the bathroom, and closing the door behind us.

"Shouldn't we at least wait until we get home?" he asked, furrowing his brows.

"Not now! Just in general."

"Why are we talking about this in a bathroom?"

"I think we should borrow Josh. Just for a night."

"Borrow a four year-old?"

"Yeah, to see how we do. To see if we can feed him and wash him and stuff."

"How much have you had to drink already?" he asked suspiciously.

"Nothing! We just got here. Although, I will note, that you already smell like scotch and cigars."

"Maybe I should gargle while I'm in here. Why are we in the bathroom again?"

"Because I wanted to talk to you right now. Beth asked if we were going to have kids, and Gabrielle and Braden are talking about it. We haven't talked about it. I don't know if I would be any good at it and it worries me," I blurted out and his expression softened.

"Come here you nutty broad," he said and pulled me into his arms. "You worry too much. There's no rush, but for the record, yeah, I'd like to get you pregnant someday, but not in Cam's bathroom."

"But ..."

"Lily, both of us would figure it out. That's what most people do."

"So, what about watching Josh for a night, like to practice, you know?"

"I'm sure Hannah and Nate would be thrilled to have a night alone together, but I wouldn't put it quite like that when we offer."

"I love you." I smiled and relaxed against his chest.

"I love you too. Can we leave the bathroom now?"

"Yeah. I'm feeling amorous again, though. I think that the anxiety is making me horny."

"You're an interesting woman, Lilith." He laughed. "I promise that when I get you home I'll bang you so long they'll send out a search party for you, but can you just hang on for a couple of hours more?"

"Okay," I answered and hugged him tightly before letting go and swinging open the door, just as Mark came walking down the hall. He gave Adam an amused look.

"Bathroom's free," Adam said with a smirk as we left.

Chapter Five

Adam spent at least an hour upstairs with the guys before our two groups intermingled. I was happy to see that he was relatively sober. I caught Beth stealing glances at Mark a couple of times and paying close attention whenever he said something. At one point when she and I were in the kitchen alone I asked her about it.

"So, I noticed you checking Mark out a few times. Any interest there?"

"I've always thought he was really hot, but I think I may be off-limits because I'm Braden's little sister." She smiled, but didn't offer anything else, so I decided to let it go.

After a couple of hours of talk and laughter, Adam and I finally said our goodbyes and headed for the car. I wrapped my coat tighter against the chilly night air and Adam put his arm around me. I leaned in and sniffed him. I would never get tired of that.

"What were you guys talking about up there for so long?" I asked curiously.

"I was filling them in on all the ways I had you this morning," he replied and I stopped walking. "Come on! You know I'm kidding. We were talking about a lot of stuff, sports, work, women, Scotch. Not necessarily in that order." We started walking again.

"Do you think that Mark and Beth would make a good couple?" I asked curiously.

"I don't know, maybe. I'm not sure he's really looking for a girlfriend, though." "Maybe he's not ready," I said glancing up at him as we got to the car and he opened the door for me. I clearly remembered both when Adam told me he wasn't ready, and when he finally told me he was.

"Maybe not," he replied and surprised me by kissing me softly on the lips before he helped me in.

"I'm beat," Adam said as I let us into his apartment and hung up our coats. He had given me my own key after our discussion earlier.

"You are?" I asked, feeling disappointed. I still wanted sex. His laughter told me that he wasn't planning to leave me hanging. He went to go put the leftovers in the refrigerator.

"Hey!" I called out. "Where do you think you're going with that?" He stopped and turned giving me a questioning look. "You promised to lick cranberry sauce off of me and do me on the dining room table." I smiled a sexy smile and started taking off my clothes right there in the middle of the living room.

"Why, Lilith, would you like to get stuffed?"

"What do you think?" I was already down to my bra and panties.

"I think I know a fun way to eat cranberry sauce."

He was using that low, sexy, firm voice again and it was making ache for him. He stripped down himself in record time as he watched me remove the last of my clothing. I loved looking at Adam naked. He had a six pack and that V that was just made for tracing with my tongue. God bless his gym. Then there was that big, beautiful c**k that was ready to play. God bless us all, everyone.

I climbed up on the table and leaned back on my hands, my tummy clenching with anticipation. "Wait, before you go any further, we're throwing out the cranberry sauce when we're done, right?"

"What do you think?" He laughed and then opened up the container, dipped a finger into the red gel and swirled it around one of my ni**les, giving me goose bumps and making me jump.

"I think that's cold." I giggled.

"Let me warm you up," he said, bending down, leaning in, and licking off the sauce. Then he sucked on my nipple in exactly the way he knew that I loved, hard and then gently, rolling his tongue around and around.

"Oh yeah. Oh God. I love that." I groaned and started breathing heavily. He dipped in again and repeated the process on the other side, driving me insane.

"Lay back," he said, thickly and he didn't have to say it twice. He took the cranberry sauce and drew a twisting path from my br**sts down to my belly button, which turned into a little cranberry well. "Let me give you something to be thankful for," he teased and began tracing the path with delightful little licks and flutters of that talented tongue of his.

"Thank you." I panted. He lapped up the cranberry in my bellybutton so sensually that I started getting lightheaded. Then he leaned back and nudged my legs apart, dipping in again and tracing a cranberry trail up along my inner thighs.

"I love your pu**y like this," he said in a sexy whisper, admiring my wax job.

"My pu**y loves you too," I managed in between harsh little pants.

I buried my fingers in his hair as he licked his way upward. He didn't actually put any cranberry sauce anywhere more intimate, probably for the best, but his mouth definitely made it there. He parted me with his hot, probing, tongue and began licking me like he was licking chocolate off of his fingers.

"Mmm, so sweet," he mumbled and I began arching my back and writhing around. I couldn't stand it anymore. He was just so skilled at going down that I usually couldn't make it to a happy ending without begging him for it first.

"Adam, please, please. Oh God, please f**k me."

He started moving back up, trailing little kisses toward my tummy. When he got there he stood up straight and looked down at me lying there on our dining room table - yeah, I know - I heard me say it too, our dining room table. He gently grabbed my feet and braced them up against his shoulders, positioning himself over me, and looking down at me in a way that every woman deserves to have a man look at her at least once.

"I find the thought of getting you pregnant incredibly sexy. Someday, I'm really going to enjoy knocking you up," he said. Then he slid into me and I gasped.

"Me too." I moaned happily.

"Lily, oh baby," he ground out as he began rolling his hips. "There's nothing that comes close to how good your pu**y feels."

He rode me right there on the dining room table, for who knows how long, while I gradually climbed closer. I could have gotten there faster if I had reached down and touched myself, but sometimes, I just liked taking my time. The sounds of our pleasure echoed through the apartment, gasps and groans, swearing, and begging. Vaguely, I hoped that the table would hold up.

Eventually, we were slick with sweat and sex. Come to think of it, we might want to replace that table anyway. My legs had started to shake and heat, tension and pressure filled my lower belly. I couldn't handle any more. I needed release.

"Oh God. I want to come." I moaned, and he changed his angle so that he was even deeper, rubbing my clit with every thrust. Then, he began moving faster and hitting it harder. I started gasping and arching more, writhing under him, grabbing onto the edge of the table. I'm not a screamer in general, but there are exceptions. This was one. I screamed "Don't stop! Please! Oh God! Oh God! Please don't stop!" and they probably heard me in the parking garage.

"Close, baby," he said in a raw voice, but I wasn't sure if he meant me or him. I looked up at him desperately, teetering right on the edge as he pounded me. He was breathing hard and his eyes were hazy. So beautiful.

"Please make me come, Adam."

"Anything, Lily," he said sounding like he was barely holding on. And then I felt it; my muscles started to tighten; my tummy clenched, and I started trembling.

"Adam!" My vision became unfocused for a second and I gasped and felt my inner muscles start to spasm.

"Oh, Lily," he bit out. "Oh baby." His rhythm faltered and just a few hard thrusts later he made a strangled sound, swore, groaned and went still. We stayed like that panting for a few seconds.

"Happy Thanksgiving, Adam," I mumbled in an "I just got sexed really well" voice.

"Happy Thanksgiving, Lilith," he answered between heavy breaths. And I knew then that the holidays would be much more fun in the future.

Chapter Six

Black Friday

The phone on the nightstand started ringing at nine AM. Now, under normal circumstances, we were up and about well before nine, but it was the day after Thanksgiving and we had been busy the night before having sex three more times after he stuffed me on the dining room table. Go team!

"I don't want to get up for school." He muttered and dropped the phone.

"Who was that?" I croaked.

"My Mom."

"Adam!" I picked up the phone. "Hello?"

"Good morning, Lily!" Mrs. Roth said brightly. Too brightly. I held the phone a little further away from my ear.

"Morning," I mumbled, sounding like I had a mouth full of cotton.

"Abby and I are here and we have a surprise for you!"

"Great." I tried to make it sound convincing. "Can you give us a few minutes?"

"Sure. We'll run across the street and grab some coffee and be back in half an hour."

"Okay, thanks." I clicked off. "Adam, we have to get up," I said poking him.

"I got it up half the night. Now I need to sleep."

"She said they have a surprise for us."

"I don't like surprises."

"I want to make your mother happy."

"You're making her happy by marrying me."

"Are you going to make me poke you again?"

"Poking is what made me so tired."

"Adam. Come on!" He flipped onto his back in exasperation and threw back the covers. Just for the record, even after four rounds and with a sore cha-cha, the site of Adam naked was stirring. I stared lecherously at his bare ass as he headed for the bathroom.

"See something you like, Adler?" he called out. How did he always know?

I made the bed and realized that I didn't have any clean panties. This was getting ridiculous. We were spending all of our time together. I needed at least a drawer. He came back in a few minutes with a towel wrapped around his waist and paused to watch me rearrange his things to give myself drawer space. I think the fact that I was still naked made it more interesting for him.

"See something you like, Roth?"

"As a matter of fact ... What time are they getting here?"

"In about fifteen minutes, so take down your tent," I said glancing down it his towel. "I thought you were tired anyway."

"I'm getting a second wind. Just so you know, after they go, I think I'm going to want to hit that again."

"I hope that wasn't foreplay," I said dryly. "As you can see, I'm giving myself a drawer."

"Why don't you just move in?"

That made me pause. He had a point. Why didn't I just move in? And why did that make me anxious? And why was it that every time I felt anxious lately I got horny? And why was I standing here asking myself all these questions when I could be having sex?

"Okay," I said resolutely. "I'll move in. Here. With you."

"Good idea. I'm glad you suggested it," he said with a grin.

"Maybe we do have time for a quickie." I said, openly checking him out.

"I don't think so." He looked at me suspiciously. "Are you hormonal or something?"

"You just said you wanted to hit it again."

"I'm a guy and you're naked."

"I've been feeling really amorous lately."

"I've noticed."

"Like I said last night, I think it's how I react to anxiety about the wedding."

"Well, at this rate I'm not going to need to hit the gym until after we get married."

"Speaking of the gym, I had better hit the shower." As I headed off toward the bathroom, I saw him smile. "What?"

"You're actually walking a little funny," he said with a laugh. I rolled my eyes and hobbled out.

I took a quick shower and threw on my clothes, going commando rather than putting on yesterday's panties. I had just left the bathroom when I heard the door buzzer ring and I went over with Adam to greet his mom and sister. He swung the door open and they came in with big smiles. I smiled back, and for that one second, I felt great. And then I looked up.

Standing in the doorway with an eyebrow cocked at a disapproving angle was the woman who gave birth to me - Judith Steinberg - the Ice Queen.

"Oh. My. God," was all I could manage.

"An e-mail message?! I find out you're getting married in an e-mail?"

"We don't like each other," I reminded her.

"It doesn't matter. I'm your mother. I was in labor for twenty-three hours with you."

"Yeah, but you refused to leave the courtroom for twenty-two of them. You said you wouldn't push until the jury came in."

"That didn't make it less painful. And this is the thanks I get. I give you life and pay for a great education and I find out you're getting married in an e-mail."

"Nice to see you too."

"You didn't even send it!"

"Yeah, who told you?"

"I did dear," Mrs. Roth smiled benevolently. "Two young Jewish people are getting married. It's important that the mothers be involved. It's cultural."

"I'm just here so my Mom can remind me that my younger brother is getting married and I'm not even dating anyone seriously," Abby offered.

Finally, Adam, who had been silent up until that point, spoke up. "There's too much estrogen in this room for me. I'm going to lay down."

"You do look tired, honey," Mrs. Roth said, sounding concerned. "Are pre-wedding jitters keeping you awake?" She looked confused when he just cracked up laughing and headed for the bedroom.

"You flew up here last night?" I asked, turning to my mother. "Where are you staying?"

"I'll stay at your place."

"I'm moving! Here! Tonight!" Screw the drawer. You want to talk about anxiety, try living with my mother. Adam might die of exhaustion from all the sex I would need to deal with that.

"Fine, more room for me. I'll take over the rent if necessary."

"Where's Dad? Is he coming too?"

"He's still in Florida. By the way, we're getting a divorce. So, let's talk caterers." She sat down calmly.

"Oh Judith, I'm so sorry," Deb Roth said, coming to sit next to my mother and obviously prepared to offer comfort. She must not know my mother very well.

"About what? The divorce? Oh it's no big deal. When Ira and I were both full-time litigators we got along. Retired, we don't get along. Who's doing the ceremony, Rabbi Stein?"

"We haven't discussed it," I said numbly.

"Well, of course it will be Rabbi Stein," Mrs. Roth replied.

"Mom, don't you think Adam and Lily ..." Abby spoke up.

"He's known them since they were babies, honey! Nomi Stein would be crushed if her husband didn't marry them." I started to sweat.

"What month are we talking?" my mother went on. She was on a roll.

"How about June?" Deb suggested.

"June works for me," the Ice Queen agreed.

"Shouldn't you ask Adam and Lily what works for them?" Abby tried again.

"Abby darling, we don't want to put this off, but don't forget, no weddings between Passover and Shavuot," her mother answered. I started to itch. It might have been hives.

"They'll have to meet with him to go over all the pre-marriage details," Judith went on.

"What details?" I asked. All I knew about the process was what I had learned years ago in Hebrew school, and I didn't remember most of it.

"The expectations and obligations of marriage," Deb informed me.

"It will all be in the marriage contract too, but at a minimum, Adam's supposed to feed you, clothe you and take care of your sexual needs," Abby reminded me.

"Sounds like a good deal," I muttered.

"We'll make sure you get a beautiful ketubah," Mrs. Roth beamed, referring to the actual contract we would sign at the wedding. There were so many designs. It would be displayed in our home for the rest of our lives. I had to find the perfect one! No pressure! I felt like I might need a paper bag to breathe into.

This conversation between my mother and Adam's mother continued for what felt like years, as they worked out the details of our wedding. I hoped they remembered to invite us. Finally, Abby gestured for me to join her and the two of us ducked into the kitchen together.

"Hey, are you okay? You look kind of sick," she asked kindly.

"My mother has that effect on me. She stresses me out."

"Yeah, mine too. I love her with all my heart, but she drives me crazy sometimes. Remember that this day is for you and Adam, not anybody else."

"That's what my friends told me too. It's hard, though, because I know how much it means to your mom and I really want to make her happy. I won't bother with trying to please my mother. She'll never be happy with anything I do."

"Maybe that's why you're so anxious. You're too worried about failing to please other people." Abby was a smart cookie.

"You're right. I need to stand up for myself. I can do it. I have support from my friends, and Adam comforts me when I get too overwhelmed."

She snorted. "Sorry, it's just so weird. He's my little brother, and he's Adam, you know?"

"Yeah, it's even weird for me sometimes because he's Adam, and I'm me, and we battled each other all through school."

"We all knew that he had a crush on you, though, and we're all glad that you're going to be our sister." She gave me a warm look and I became emotional.

"I'm glad, too," I said, my voice cracking. Abby reached out and hugged me, and I hugged her back tightly.

"You and I are close in age, and we're both lawyers," she said, letting me go after a few seconds. "We should hang out more. Right now we should get back in there, though, before they choose your kids' colleges."

"I agree. I need to put my foot down, or they'll roll right over me." I marched back into the living room and faced the mothers.

"This is my wedding, and this is what I want," I announced, squaring my shoulders. "First, it will be a traditional Jewish wedding, with Rabbi Stein, who has known us since we were kids. Secondly, it will be whenever and wherever we decide, but you can give us your input. Third, you can handle the details if you want, but I get final approval of everything."

"Okay," my mother replied.

"Okay?" I asked, dubiously.

"Okay," she repeated.

"Okay!" I smiled confidently. "Now, if you don't mind, I'm kind of tired too."

"Of course, dear," Mrs. Roth said sweetly. "Don't worry about anything. We'll get on this, and we'll make sure that you approve of everything. It is your wedding after all."

I wasn't sure how I had won that round so easily, but I wasn't going to question it. Of course, it dawned on me later, that what I had asked for, was what they wanted too, but it didn't matter, as long as Adam and I were happy. The fact that it would also make them happy, was just a nice perk.

Chapter Seven

My hives went away at the same time my mother did. Coincidence? I think not. I went into the bedroom where Adam was curled up on his side asleep, hugging my pillow. He looked so sweet and innocent. Looks could be so deceiving.

I walked quietly over to the bed and sat down slowly so as not to disturb him. I was planning to read, but I couldn't help just watching him like that for a few minutes and thinking about how much he meant to me. A little curl had fallen onto his forehead and I reached out, ever so gently, to brush it back. Then he spoke up and nearly gave me a stroke.

"Why are you watching me sleep?" I jumped and yanked my hand back with a yelp. What, did he have freaking ESP?

"Because I love you, you schmuck. How did you know with your eyes closed?"

"I'm aware of everything you do in bed," he answered, opening his eyes and smiling at me. "Did they go home?"

"Yeah, but not before pushing me to the edge of a nervous breakdown. I stood up to them, and held my ground, but I think I need sex again."

"Again? Are you trying to cripple me? At this rate they're going to have to carry me up the aisle."

"It comforts and calms me, even when we're wild. Orgasm is a great physical release of tension and I like that you're bigger and stronger than me. It's probably a psychological thing or maybe some primal instinct. Who knows? Is it a problem?"

"Hell no, believe me, Lilith, I'm not complaining, but I don't like seeing you all stressed out. If you want me to tell everybody to just leave us alone..."

"No, Adam. I'm going to make sure that we have exactly the day we want, if it kills me, but I do still want them to be involved. Are you saying you've reached your comfort limit for now though?" I traced a finger up along his bicep.

"Are you kidding me? Baby, we haven't come close to my limit." And with that, he gave me a sexy smile, rolled me onto my back, and comforted me again. Twice.

We eventually went over to my place, where my mother had arrived, and upon seeing my building, had immediately begun trying to find somewhere else to stay. Luckily, that meant she was too occupied pushing buttons on her phone to judge and bitch the whole time we were there.

Adam and I gathered all of his stuff, and a whole bunch of mine, and making several trips, managed to semi-move me in with him. I would have to decide what to do with all of my furniture. I would also have to find a corner to write in at his place. I hadn't worked on my current novel in a couple of weeks. At least I finally had clean undies again.

We didn't feel up to going out that night, so we just picked up takeout on the way home and decided to watch a movie. We were just deciding which one, when I got a call from my friend Bruce.

"Jason has to pull a double shift at the hospital tonight. Entertain me."

"Entertain you how?" I asked, mouthing "Bruce" to Adam, who nodded with understanding.

"What are you doing tonight?"

"We were just going to watch a movie."

"Don't start without me. I'll be right there." He clicked off.

"Wait! Bruce! I'm at Adam's!" But it was too late. I tried calling him back but it went straight to voicemail. "Great, Bruce is headed to my place for entertainment."

"Hope that he finds your mother entertaining," Adam said, flipping through channels and pausing on some sports talk show.

"Oh my God! That's right. I have to warn him." I tried calling again but he still wasn't picking up. I sighed.

"She won't even be there anymore. She's probably at the Marriott by now. He'll figure it out when he gets there and nobody's home."

"You're right. Although, I'm sure that the experience of having visited my apartment will be worth it to her, since she'll have something else to judge me about forever."

"Ignore her. You don't need her approval." I sat down next to him, giving him a loving squeeze. "The only opinion that matters is mine." I poked him in the ribs. "Hey! Watch it." He laughed.

We just sat and cuddled while he watched Sports Center, or whatever it was, and I read. I felt myself truly relaxing for the first time in a long time. An hour later, Bruce returned my call.

"Buzz me up," was all he said before clicking off. When Adam swung the door open five minutes later, an irate-looking g*y man glared at us from the hall.

"Hey, Bruce. How's it going?" Adam asked with a smile.

"You didn't tell me that your mother was in town." He put his hands on his hips and gave me his best pouty face. Then he stomped his foot for good measure. Yes, actually stomped his foot. Of late, Bruce had been very Bette Davis. I'm not sure what had led him to unleash his inner-gay stereotype, but he was playing it to the hilt.

"She was still there? I tried to warn ..." I began as he stormed past us.

"I can't believe you've never introduced me to such a charming woman!" I furrowed my brow, searching his face for a hint of sarcasm but amazingly there wasn't one.

"Did you say charming?" I asked, thinking I must have misunderstood him.

"I showed up at your hovel and found her there. At first I just thought it was you looking really haggard, but she introduced herself properly and the two of us had the best chat! I can't believe you just abandoned her to the ghetto."

"Abandoned her?"

"Did you know that she was in labor with you for twenty-three hours?"

"I'm going to be getting another work-out, aren't I," Adam asked, looking resigned.

"So, of course, we got around to planning your wedding."

"Of course," I mumbled through gritted teeth.

"Let me eat some more first, Lily. I need the calories for energy," Adam pleaded.

Chapter Eight

We sat listening to Bruce go on about the most "brilliant" wedding planner ever to walk the face of the Earth, someone named Mr. Jonathan. The way Bruce described him, Mr. Jonathan could design the wedding of century while curing cancer and splitting the atom.

As it turned out, my mother's former law firm had done some work for him and he owed her a favor. Bruce was practically peeing his pants with excitement about the prospect of getting to observe the maestro up close. I had a feeling that was why he was so charmed by the Ice Queen.

"So, this guy Jonathan is a genius at weddings," Adam said. "Maybe we should just let him do everything. We can just show up and not worry about it."

"Oh, he'll want your input. Part of his genius is matching the event to the couple. He'll want to interview you and get a feel for your entire relationship together, and then he'll suggest a unifying theme."

"What, like combat?" Adam asked with a laugh.

"Yeah, he's right," I agreed. "Our history together wasn't exactly filled with lollipops and rainbows. He wrote in my name on our class election ballot as Queen of the Harpies."

"How do you know that was me?'

"Who else would have done something like that?"

"Well, you sent forged documents to the nurse's office, claiming I needed to give a stool sample."

"You have no proof."

"I'm sure he can work with it," Bruce interrupted.

"Well, he can consult, but I get final say on everything. I'm the bride," I reminded him.

"Don't you own anything other than p**n , violent movies, old baseball games and the X-Files?" Bruce called out, sounding disgruntled, while Adam and I cleaned up. Clearly, no one had ever defined "guest" for Bruce.

"What else is there?" Adam asked, coming back out and settling on the sofa again. He patted the seat next to him and I almost hurtled the coffee table to get there. Then his phone rang. "It's Braden," he said before clicking on. "Hey, man. What's up? Just hanging out with Bruce. Why don't you come over? Just bring him. It's no problem as long as he pees outside. Okay, see you in a few."

"Gabrielle, Braden, and Mark are coming over," Adam said when he clicked off.

"And you're going to make Mark pee outside?" I asked.

"They're bringing their dog, smartass," he said tickling my ribs and making me squeal.

"Bad T.V. and cutsie tickles and giggles. I need a drink. Where's the bar?" Bruce asked, looking around the apartment.

"Down the street," I answered.

"In the kitchen to the right," Adam said with a laugh.

"You just keep it up missy, and I won't let you have any of my famous margaritas."

"I've had your famous margaritas. They're strong enough to get a contact hit just from being in the same room." Bruce went off to make his paint thinner and I snuggled closer to Adam. "So, what were they doing?"

"Braden took Gabrielle out for a drink and they ran into Mark. They were just thinking about hanging out but they wanted to see what we were doing. So, I guess we're entertaining."

I talked Adam into downloading Monty Python and the Holy Grail and Bruce brought out two pitchers of his infamous margaritas, which was enough to get a small nation drunk. We had just gotten everything ready when Braden called to be buzzed up. Bruce announced that he was going to use the bathroom before a crowd formed. I congratulated him on his brilliant strategy.

A minute later, we were greeting our friends. Braden set Bruno down and removed his leash, and the tiny Chihuahua immediately set off at full sprint for the bedroom.

"Hey, where's he going?" I asked nervously. I didn't want to find any little Bruno souvenirs in my shoes later.

"He always checks a place out," Gab explained. "Don't worry, he'll be right back."

As I led Gabrielle and Braden to the living room I heard Adam quietly ask Mark why he wasn't out getting laid. Mark explained that he hooked up with some chick earlier, but while she had "moaned like a p**n star," everything else that had come out of her mouth was so annoying that he had left after only one round. Ah, romance.

"Where's Bruce?" Gabrielle asked sitting down on the couch next to Braden.

"He's apparently taken up residence in the bathroom," I replied. "Try some of his margaritas if you don't mind losing some brain cells." Mark bravely walked over to take his chances. Maybe he needed a drink after the encounter with the annoying p**n star earlier that evening. I heard a sound and I looked up toward the bedroom just as Bruno came hauling ass down the hall with something in his mouth.

It took me a second to figure out what it was and then it hit me. Holy shit! That dog had my vibrator! I gasped and Adam quickly looked up. He followed my gaze and I saw recognition dawn on him. Maybe it was his courtroom training, but he was grace under pressure, and he managed to cut Bruno off before he got to the living room.

"Hey there, Bruno. How about you give that to me, buddy," he cajoled but Bruno was having none of it. He had found a toy and he wanted to play catch ... with his Daddy. I watched in horror as he changed direction and headed straight for Braden. My legs were longer than his, though, and I beat him there.

"Nice doggie!" I said desperately, trying to intercept him. Seeing that his path was blocked on two sides now, and still not wanting to give up his prize, Bruno turned, skidded, and ran full-speed in the other direction, passing Bruce, who was finally exiting the bathroom. The determined little Chihuahua then headed back into the bedroom with Adam right behind him.

"What was that he had in his mouth?" Mark asked.

"I'm not sure," Braden said with a laugh. "He was moving too fast." They both looked at me quizzically. I thanked God that they hadn't gotten a better view, and I was just about to make something up, when Bruce arrived in the living room.

"Did that dog have a vibrator in his mouth?" he asked loudly. "Couldn't you find something else to play catch with?"

Mark choked on his margarita and Braden turned his head and covered his mouth with his fist in attempt not to laugh. It failed. So much blood rushed to my cheeks that I probably turned puce. Adam came out of the bedroom, carrying Bruno, sans sex toy.

"I believe this belongs to you," he said, calmly handing Bruno to Gabrielle. Adam seemed to be taking this in stride. He came over and put his arms around me. It probably wasn't hard to figure out that I was feeling a bit flustered by the experience.

"Lily! I'm so sorry!" Gabrielle spoke up, looking like she felt really bad. "But don't be embarrassed. It's no big deal. I still have my vibrator. Braden and I were just playing with it last night," she announced in a soothing voice. There was a reason we called Gabrielle "Too Much Information Girl."

"Gabrielle!" Braden exclaimed. He wasn't laughing anymore. Mark still was though. In fact, he was laughing so hard at that point that he was doubled over.

"I hope you're going to throw that thing out. While you're at it, you should probably get rid of the year's worth of issues of Maxim in bathroom," Bruce said, pouring himself another drink, as if he hadn't seen or heard anything out of the ordinary.

"Snacks!" I called out like vendor at Yankee Stadium. "Who wants snacks?"

I took off for the kitchen before anyone answered. I was digging around frantically looking for finger foods that went well with margaritas that tasted like rubbing alcohol when Adam came in. He walked over to me and pulled me into a hug again. I think he was trying to comfort me, but he may have actually been trying to protect me at that point. Whatever his motive was, I really appreciated it, so I hugged him back fiercely.

"Lily, don't worry about it. I'm sure it doesn't shock them that we play with sex toys."

"It's not about shocking them," I said with my check pressed tightly up against his chest. "It's just that it's private. First my apartment is bugged and now our friends know what we did in bed a few hours ago."

"They don't know when we played with it last. Unlike Gabrielle and Braden." He laughed and the vibration felt good. No pun intended.

"I hope you threw it away."

"What do you think?" He put his fingers under my chin, tilted my face up, leaned down, and then he kissed me, making me relax and forget about my humiliation. We tangled tongues for a minute or two, and then after giving my ass a quick squeeze, he pulled back. "Come on. We left them alone with Bruce and Bruno."

We came back out and settled it the living room with everyone else. Our friends had the kindness and tact to change the subject, and we joked and talked about some of our recent court cases for a while. After about an hour, we were all getting a little loopy and giggly.

"I must tell you, this is much more entertaining than listening to whatever-her-name-was, talk about how some other chick unfriended her on Facebook," Mark said eventually to Adam.

"Who?" Bruce asked.

"Just somebody I was socializing with earlier," Mark answered.

"Horizontally socializing," Adam said with a laugh and Mark glared at him.

"And you don't know what her name was?" Gabrielle asked shaking her head.

"Don't judge. She yelled out 'Mike' at one point."

"Gee, Gabrielle, doesn't being a player sound like fun?" I joked.

"Yeah, right?" She rolled her eyes.

"Hey, I have to get laid somehow or I'll go nuts. It is what it is."

"Why don't you find somebody to date?" Gab asked.

"Because Lily's already taken," he joked giving Adam an amused look.

"Will you stop flirting with her already?" It was Adam's turn to glare now.

"He's just kidding around," I soothed. "I think he'll end up with Beth anyway." Oh shit. Had I said that out loud? How many margaritas had I had? I hoped that Beth wouldn't be unfriending me in real life.

"I think so too," Gab agreed enthusiastically, to my surprise.

"You do?" And Braden's surprise.

"Beth? I don't really know her very well." And Mark's too, apparently.

"And you won't 'know' her," Braden said, making little air quotes, "unless you're looking to date her seriously."

"Why do you say that, though, just out of curiosity?" Mark asked us, ignoring Braden. Now he sounded more intrigued than surprised.

"It's just a feeling," Gab answered. "I think you would make a nice couple."

"I figured you would get along well," I said. "She's hip and artsy and you're hip and edgy." I left out the part where she admitted to me that she thought he was hot.

"Once again, let me state for the record, unless you're looking for a girlfriend, you can think of her primarily as my little sister," Braden said with a smile.

"I'm sure I'll remember, Braden," Mark reassured him. "And also for the record, I am not presently looking for a girlfriend. Despite the fact that you and Adam have not failed to let me know how blissfully content and well-laid you both are."

"Lily's not nearly as irritable these days," Bruce shared. "Here's to good sex."

Chapter Nine

Our guests stayed for another hour and then headed home, but not before I saw Mark and Adam having a quiet word together. Later, as I finished washing up, I found Adam sitting in bed with his iPad. I took off my robe, which left me nude. Both Adam and I slept in the buff.

"See something you like, Roth?" I teased, noticing him checking me out.

"Lots of things," he answered in a sexy voice.

I grabbed my book and slid under the covers beside him. We sat silently reading for a moment and then he spoke up.

"So, did Beth say something about Mark to you?" he asked casually.

"If she did, it would have been in confidence," I answered just as casually.

"In confidence?" He put his iPad down and turned to me. "Lily I'm going to be your husband. That gives me automatic access to confidential communications."

"What? What are you talking about?"

"Spousal privilege."

"Spousal privilege? Adam, that just means we wouldn't have to testify against each other court. Besides, we're not even married yet."

"Not legal spousal privilege, traditional spousal privilege."

"I've never heard of 'traditional spousal privilege.' If you're talking our ketubah, your sister said that just covers you agreeing to feed me, clothe me, and meet my sexual needs."

"Wait a minute. What do you agree to?"

"I agree to let you."

"What? What Biblical schmuck negotiated that contract?"

"Obviously, some Jewish bride a long time ago had a good lawyer."

"Okay, we'll talk about that later. Going back to our original discussion, I can't believe that you would share your body with me six times in 24 hours, and you won't share a simple piece of information."

"Why do you want to know?"

"I'm curious, okay?"

"That's not a compelling enough reason to overcome my duty to keep my friend's confidence."

"Who are you, the Supreme Court?"

"You just want to tell Mark, but if Beth wanted Mark to know something, she would tell him herself. She doesn't need us to pass him a note in gym class for her."

"You're the one who brought it up to him!" he pointed out, reminding me of what a big mouth I had. That made me cranky.

"That was a mistake. I had traveled a little too far into Margaritaville. He can always ask her out on a date if he wants to know if she's interested in him."

"He wouldn't do that unless he knew she wanted him. The male ego is a fragile thing."

"What?! First of all, your ego is about as fragile as titanium, and secondly, he's a player. Every weekend he goes out to clubs and has enough confidence to hit on strange women. I'm sure he could work up the nerve to ask Beth out if he wanted to."

"That's not the same. He's just going to have sex with those women. A date is like dinner and stuff with somebody you're hoping to know for more than a few hours."

"Wait, let me get this straight, having sex with someone is no big deal, but eating dinner with them is? What kind of f**ked up logic is that?"

"Guy logic! Goddamnit!"

"Well, that explains it!"

"Why doesn't she just tell him if she's interested?"

"Because he's her brother's close friend and he's a womanizer."

"Well, that's why he won't say anything to her either until he's ready to do something like date her."

"Until he's ready? So, he actually might be interested?" I asked perking up.

"Why do you want to know?" he asked smugly.

"Oh Jesus! This discussion is pissing me off!"

"Me too," he growled. "Want to have make-up sex?" He looked very pleased with my response, which was to put my book down and crawl over to straddle him.

"Hi, hot naked guy," I said seductively and squirmed around a little on his lap. He breathed in sharply, grabbed my waist, and obligingly started getting hard for me.

"You drive me so crazy, in so many ways." His hands skimmed up my sides to cup and knead my br**sts. He lifted them and pinched my ni**les and I sighed with pleasure.

"That just means you won't get bored," I said in a silky voice.

"Bored? With you? Never. I haven't been bored once in twenty-three years."

"Did you really used to look at that photo of me that you kept in your drawer?"

"It helped to have a visual at certain private moments." He paused. "Although, it was a little disturbing that Josh Lieberman and Rob Bergen were also in the picture."

"Naughty boy. I was a naughty girl, too. I'll tell you a secret," I whispered. I leaned in and licked his jawline, savoring the taste of salt on his skin and the tingle of his rough stubble against my tongue. Then I moved my mouth down lower to gently suck on his neck. His breathing picked up noticeably as I enjoyed the feel of his pulse hammering against my lips.

"Yes, tell me," he answered, voice vibrating with tension.

"You were the one I was thinking about when I had my first orgasm."

He froze. I stopped nuzzling and kissing him and leaned back to look at him. I searched his face to try to figure out his reaction to my confession, but his expression was hard to read. Oh God, I couldn't believe that I had just shared something that private. I felt pins and needles travel down my spine and my cheeks got hot.

"Really?"

"Does that make you feel weird?" I asked. Anxiety made my chest feel tight.

"Weird? Holy f**k, Lily. That's the hottest thing anyone has ever said to me." I relaxed again, releasing a shaky breath. One of his hands traveled down to my clit as he began drawing slow circles with his thumb, still gazing at me intently. "How old?"

"Thirteen," I said with a moan and shifted my hips to push harder against his hand. "Oh yes. Yes, like that. That feels so good." I let myself escape completely into the pleasure he was giving me.

"What were you thinking?" His voice sounded hoarse and his eyes looked hazy. He pushed two fingers up inside me and I moaned louder.

"I didn't know enough to imagine it right." I gasped and reached up to squeeze my br**sts. "Just that you were kissing me and that you were the one touching me. Like you are now," I added, my voice wavering.

I looked at him and saw how much he wanted me, and even though I had already had him inside me twice that day, at that moment, I wanted him even more. I wanted him desperately. I needed him like I needed air.

"Lily, you nearly finish me when you look at me like that," he said, gazing at me almost helplessly. "Do you see what you do to me?"

I shifted my gaze to his lap, where his big beautiful c**k was ready to play. I gripped him at the base and ran my fist up his length rubbing my thumb over his wet tip, making him groan. I loved the feel of him pulsing in my hand.

"Adam, I want you so much. I'm aching for you."

"I need to be inside you," he said thickly and bent his knees, urging me forward as I positioned him at my entrance. I was about to slide down on him when his hands went to my hips, holding me still. "Slowly."

He looked into my eyes and eased me down. I felt him fill and stretch me inch by inch until he was completely buried in me. We sat there, chest to chest, my arms wrapped around his neck as he slowly stroked my back, making me clench around him. I sucked in a breath and shivered, my skin tingling.

Then he urged me to move and guided me while I rolled my hips and rode him. He started pulling me forward against his pelvic bone every time I came down on him, and the friction was driving me wild, making my tummy clench and setting every nerve ending in my body on fire.

"Oh, Adam, Oh, God." I felt the tension in my lower belly traveling down between my legs. I relaxed into it and let the pressure build.

"Come on, baby."

"Yes, yes, please," I begged. "Oh God, Adam."

"You're right there. Just let go."

"Oh, Adam!" I cried out, not looking away from him. I knew that he wanted to see me come undone. A jolt hit me hard as I lost control and my inner muscles clamped down around him, pulsing and grabbing his c**k in rhythmic waves. He held me still as my orgasm ripped through me. Finally, when he was sure that I was done, he rolled me onto my back, settled between my legs, and started seeking his own release, thrusting into me hard and fast.

"Lily, Oh, God," he said, barely coherent himself at that point. He was so far gone that his voice sounded different. After another minute or so, he ground out something completely incoherent and held himself against me tightly, stilled and tensed. Then he groaned and let out a ragged breath. His muscles relaxed, and I happily took his weight as he collapsed on me. Fighting with Adam was a whole different ballgame now that we had make-up sex.

Afterward we shared some sweet, deep kisses and gently massaged each other's tired muscles while we held one another. "She didn't say anything that exciting," I offered. "Just that she had always thought he was hot but that she figured that she was probably off-limits because she was Braden's sister."

"Thank you for trusting me," he replied, pulling me closer and leaning down to gently kiss me on the head. "She would be off-limits to just hook up with, but maybe not if he eventually wanted to date her. He says he's not looking for that. Still, though, he seemed kind of interested for a guy who's not looking."

"Is that what he was talking to you about?"

"That's confidential," Adam teased and I poked him.

"Hey watch it. You poke me more than I poke you. And that's a lot." He laughed. "He asked me if I wanted to go out tomorrow night. The two of us haven't hung out since that night I ran into to you at that club."

"Well, you should go then."

"You don't mind?"

"No, not as long as you don't hit on other women."

"Well, let's see, I'm living with my fiancee, who wants sex about twenty times a day lately. What do you think?"

"I think I'm tired."

"Me too. You're wearing me out, Lilith."

Chapter Ten

Even though I hadn't made a big deal of it, it did feel strange that Adam was going out without me. We had been together constantly since our first date and something just felt ... missing. Still, I wasn't going to be a clingy partner who had no friends or life of her own. I called Beth, who was free and happy to hang out with me, and I resolved to look good and go out and have fun, damn it.

I was not going to dwell on what Adam might be doing. I trusted him, even if I didn't trust other women not to flirt with him. After all, I had been watching other women throw themselves at him since puberty. Of course, I had also watched Adam enjoy that attention, revel in it in fact. He was exceptionally good looking. More than the physical looks, though, was the natural confidence and swagger. You just had to look at him to know he was good in bed. Women noticed, and he enjoyed them noticing, or at least he had.

He got ready first and when he came out of the bathroom I could smell his cologne. Why did have to smell so good? And why did he have to look so hot? True, he was just wearing a pair of jeans and a black sweater, but I knew that he would be getting plenty of female attention looking like that. Those jeans fit him perfectly and the sweater stretched over his pecs and biceps without looking like he was trying too hard. I wanted to peel those clothes off of him and lick him from top to bottom.

I pushed down my qualms, steeled myself, and marched off to the bedroom to get ready. I made an effort. If he was going to look lickable, so was I. I took real care with my hair and makeup and I chose an outfit that hugged my curves. He almost did a double-take when I came out of the bedroom wearing a black jersey knit wrap-dress and black boots. His eyes traveled up and down my body several times.

"You look amazing. Where are you two going?"

"We thought we would check out Orient Express, that new martini bar on 15th."

"I heard that was a nice place." He smiled. Was it my imagination or did it look a little forced?

"Where are you and Mark going?"

"Kilimanjaro," he answered, naming a hip, funky South Street bar.

"Should be fun," I said trying to sound upbeat. The two of us nodded and stared silently at each other for a long moment.

"Okay, well um, it's good that we're hanging out with our friends. That's healthy. I mean we're individuals, not one unit, right?" I said with a laugh that came out like a bark.

"Right!" he agreed, nodding some more.

He verified that I had my key and my phone and my pepper spray and then he left. When he was gone the apartment immediately felt empty and as much I criticized myself for being a pathetic excuse for an empowered woman, a dull ache settled between my ribs.

Half an hour later, Beth and I were seated in a booth lit only with a small purple lamp in the middle of our table. It really was a nice place, with an upscale and sophisticated atmosphere. It might be very sexy to come here with Adam. Oh shit. Stop it, Lily! I focused on what Beth was saying.

We chatted about what she was doing for Gabrielle and Braden's new legal non-profit. While it wasn't officially open yet, she was already hard at work raising money and making connections in the non-profit world.

"So, I'm going to go to some events that other organizations are sponsoring on weekends," she said, sipping her dirty martini. She looked amazing tonight. She was wearing a simple short purple paisley dress and brown boots, but with her long blonde hair and her legs that went on for miles, the effect was stylish boho chic.

"Isn't having to go to fundraisers on weekends going to interfere with your social life?"

"This is it." She snorted and held out her arms. "Welcome to my social life."

"What happened to that photographer you were dating? He seemed pretty sexy and he was creative and artistic."

"He was. And very dedicated to his art too. In fact, he was willing to invest a lot of money traveling the globe to capture the perfect picture."

"What's wrong with that?" I asked and sipped my very yummy apple martini.

"He wanted it to come from my trust fund." She sighed and rolled her eyes. "Just like all the guys I've been dating lately, in the end he was more interested in my money and my family connections than anything else."

"That really sucks. I wish you would meet someone interested in you for yourself. You're so talented and witty."

"You're sweet. At this point, though, I would even be happy just for a hot guy who just wanted me for my body. It's been so long since I've had sex I think my vagina is going to break up with me."

"Well, I'm sure there are plenty of hot guys who would be happy to give you a fun night with no strings attached. Getting laid should be easy for you."

"When your father's a senator, you have to be extra careful. You never know what kind of wack-jobs may be out there. And even though Braden and Drew could do anything they wanted, I also have to be more discreet. Gotta love the double standard."

"Ah, I hadn't thought of that. That must be tough. Too bad you're off limits to Mark."

"Yeah, no kidding, but Braden would probably freak if he ever found out."

"He might not care if you were dating."

"I don't think Mark's a dater." She laughed. "I would love to have even one hot night with him, though. Oh well," she said wistfully and took another sip of her drink.

I made a decision, even though she might get mad at me, I felt like I should tell her about the conversation the other night. I took a deep breath and launched into the whole story. She covered her mouth when I told her about Bruno and my vibrator and her eyes widened when I got to the part about Mark, but I stressed what Adam said, that for a guy who wasn't looking for that he seemed kind of interested.

"Do you hate me?" I asked nervously.

"Hate you? No, silly. All you said was that you thought he and I would make a good couple. That's no big deal. It's not like you said 'Beth likes you'," she joked.

"She wants to make out with you." I laughed.

"She wants to do a lot more than make out with him." Now she was laughing too.

"Seriously, what's the big deal? You're both adults. Neither one of you is really looking for a serious relationship. He would be safe and it could be discreet."

"And he's probably got some mad skills in bed," she added wiggling her eyebrows.

"Why can't you just spend one great night together and not tell Braden?"

"Well, I'm fairly sure that he would never suggest it; so it would be up to me to make the first move, and even if I did, I'm not sure he would agree. I don't know. I've never really been much of a siren or a femme fatale, or even all that daring. I would have to give it some thought."

After that we started talking about other things like my writing and her painting, a new exhibit coming to the art museum where she used to work, my job as a prosecutor, and the wedding. Talking to Beth about it didn't stress me out, though. She was wonderfully supportive. I confessed what effect the anxiety was having on my libido and she thought it was hilarious.

"Poor Adam! He'll be exhausted before you know it," she teased.

When I polished off my second martini, I told her about the dining room table and the cranberry sauce. We giggled like crazy and she told me she was horribly jealous because her Thanksgiving dinner hadn't been nearly as interesting. But then, of course, I was thinking about him again. I had done such a good job up until that point.

Beth picked up on the shift in my mood quickly. We had already been there for almost two hours and had each downed two martinis. There was no shame in leaving at that point. I decided that I really enjoyed hanging out with Beth, though, and if she would just get together with Mark eventually, life would be perfect.

Chapter Eleven

I let myself back into the apartment, tossed the keys on the entry table and hung up my coat. Then I wandered to the living-room and over to a bookshelf. I was planning to just read until Adam got home. What I didn't realize was that he was already home. There was just one table lamp turned on low and I didn't see him lying on the sofa; so when he spoke, I jumped about three feet in the air.

"Did you have fun?"

"Jesus, Adam. You startled me." I let out a deep breath and put my hand over my racing heart. "That's the second time I've encountered you sitting in a dark room when I've gone looking for a book."

I walked over to the sofa and sat down on the edge next to him. He took my hand and started rubbing it with his thumb. Then he sat up and gave me a hot, passionate kiss, his lips moving over mine and his tongue exploring my mouth boldly. When he pulled back, I nearly swooned. "What was that for?" I asked breathlessly.

"I didn't get to do it the first time," he said with a smile, reminding me of our almost kiss that night in the cabin in the woods. I sighed. Not only did I love Adam, I think I still had a crush on him too.

"Why are you here?"

"I live here."

"Why aren't you still out with Mark, smartass?"

"We had a good time for a while and then I just kept thinking about how much you would like this or how much you would enjoy that. Mark said I was getting mopey." He laughed.

"That's why I'm home early too," I admitted, reaching up and brushing a piece of hair off his forehead. "I think you would like Orient Express. We should go there together."

"Yeah, that would be good. I was thinking, maybe Mark should date Beth. Then we could all hang out together. Because, you know, it's all about us."

"I was thinking the same thing." I laughed. "Great self-absorbed minds ..."

"So, Lily," he said looking deeply into my eyes. "When do you want to get married?" My heart started pounding harder again. It was the first time Adam had actually brought it up.

"How about right after New Year's?" I asked impulsively, realizing for the first-time that that's what I wanted. I fidgeted and bit my bottom lip waiting for his reaction.

"That soon?" he asked, sounding surprised but not displeased. "I can understand how you would be eager to become Mrs. Adam Roth, but are you sure?"

"Is that too soon do you think?"

"Nah, not for me. I've been waiting twenty-three years for you, Fruit Roll-Up girl."

"Me too, green glitter boy." I paused and looked down at my hands, debating whether or not to confess something. I decided after a moment of reflection that I felt safe. "You know, when we graduated from high school, and you went to BU and I went to Tufts, there would be times when I would be in Boston and I would think I saw you and my pulse would shoot up and I would feel excited. It was never you, though. Stupid, huh?"

It was a small thing that I had confessed, nothing like telling him I had been fantasizing about him the first time I came, but somehow it was even harder to tell him. Sexual attraction was one thing, but admitting that, even then, I had deeper feelings for him made me feel more vulnerable. I kept staring at my fingers, twisting on my lap, wondering if he was imagining me as a pathetic schoolgirl.

"I used to look forward to going to synagogue when I was home on break because I was hoping to see you there. One week, I went twice. My sisters started calling me 'rabbi'." I looked up at him and my chest felt tight.

"Why didn't we just ...?"

"It doesn't matter anymore. Now, we're getting married and we are going to spend the rest of our lives together, blissfully bickering, bantering and banging."

"Nice alliteration but we have to survive the wedding first."

"We can hire that Mr. Jonathan guy and let him and our moms tackle the details. That should make them happy and then we won't have to worry about it. I don't care how we do it as long as I'm the groom and you're the bride."

"I want us to be involved. It's our wedding. I refuse to let other people completely plan the most important day of our lives. It may be stressful, but we are going to do this our way. They just get to help."

"Okay, here's my involvement. We have to invite Josh Lieberman and Rob Bergen," Adam said naming his two closest friends growing up. "They'll never believe it."

"And Sharon Jacobson and Marcy Kaplan, if she can make it home from Africa or wherever she is. And Shari Edelstein too, so I can say 'look who gets to kiss him now, honey'."

"Are you going to let me feel you up in the stairwell?" he teased.

"I'll let you feel me up anywhere you want, baby," I said giving him a lecherous look that made him laugh.

"I think Braden and Gabrielle are going to have their legal clinic open by February, so we can start off next year married and with new jobs. That's pretty exciting."

"Yeah, two big steps toward the future. Maybe we should eventually think about getting a bigger place too, since you seem convinced that we'll have kids someday."

"Oh, that reminds me. Hannah said we could come over and stay at her place overnight next weekend to watch Josh. She and Nate will stay a hotel Saturday night. She was very grateful and she didn't even sound all that worried."

"Foolish woman," I joked and he laughed. "Maybe she's blocked out the diaper incident. At least he's probably potty trained though."

"She'll probably have my mom hidden in the house somewhere in case of emergency. Break glass for Bubbe," he added, making me snort.

"Speaking of parents, I hope that my parents' divorce is amicable. They're both such aggressive people. I have this image of them snarling at each other as they walk me up the aisle."

"Maybe Mr. Jonathan can hire us some stand-ins."

"That would be lovely."

"Are you sure you don't want to elope?"

"Ask me again in a week."

Chapter Twelve

Sunday

The next morning we informed "the mothers" as I had begun calling them, of our intention to be married in just over a month from then. You would have thought that we had announced the end of the world. There was general panic and much scrambling. My mother called to inform us that they were holding a meeting at our apartment at two PM and that Mr. Jonathan himself would be there. I felt like I had been subpoenaed. I figured that I might as well invite Bruce, since his idol would be making an appearance. When he heard the news he nearly fainted.

Adam and I had a relaxing morning, eating bagels and lox, sipping our coffee and sharing the paper. Meanwhile, I imagined that Deb and Judith were operating like they were at DEFCON One. I couldn't wait to see what they had whipped together by two PM. Never underestimate two Jewish mothers planning a wedding.

Two o'clock rolled around much too quickly for my taste. Bruce arrived first. He was practically vibrating with excitement. He had also taken pains to look his best and he was all spiffed up. He floated through the front door like a butterfly and settled himself in a chair as if he had just ascended the throne... as Queen.

Adam's mother was next with all three of her daughters and little Josh in tow. Hannah came in schlepping a purse big enough to hide in, a tote bag filled with toys, an insulated snack bag with Elmo on it and a kiddie sized toilet seat. Her hair was falling out of her ponytail; her blouse was buttoned wrong and she was wearing two different socks. Motherhood didn't look very easy.

I guess it all depended on the mother and hood, though, because in glided my egg donor looking immaculately put together. She had someone in tow too. I think it may have been Liberace. Bruce flew to his feet, and for a moment, I worried that he would actually prostrate himself before his master.

"Don't tell me, Mr. Jonathan, right?" Adam asked with a sunny smile.

I don't know what tipped him off. Maybe it was the gray and purple madras slacks paired with the magenta cardigan. Perhaps, it was the silver and white fringed scarf thrown, devil-may-care, around his neck, or the cute beret set at a jaunty angle on his finely coiffed head.

"A pleasure, but I must say, you two have created quite a panic. Let me tell you ..."

"Mommy, I gotta go potty," a little voice said from somewhere. Mr. Jonathan looked annoyed to have his opening remarks cut off. Too bad. Potty was a priority.

"Sure, honey. Mommy will take you." Hannah went off with Josh as the rest of us settled around the dining room table. Yes, that dining room table. I tried not to think about it.

Adam and I spent several minutes listening to his mother try to reason with us, and my mother try to threaten us, so that we would hold off until at least June. When they realized they were wasting their time, they gave in and turned the floor over to Mr. J.

"I'll need someone to assist," he said, sounding like an emergency room surgeon.

"Me! Me! Pick me!" Bruce said throwing his arm in the air and waving it around.

"I think Bruce has to go potty too," I noted dryly, earning me a catty look from Bette Davis. "I'm Bruce Goodman by the way. It's a great honor to meet you," he said sounding like he was greeting a Nobel Laureate.

"I'm humbled," Mr. J. said, not sounding humble at all. "Mr. Goodman, if you would take notes ..."

"Oh please, call me Bruce!" Bruce looked at me expectantly. I stared back. "Lil! I need some paper and a pen!" I rolled my eyes and got up to find him something to write on.

When I got back, Hannah had returned and I saw Josh sitting on the floor playing with his blocks and a toy dump truck. It reminded me of a very sexy bath that Adam and I took together recently. Not because it involved a dump truck, just because every time I started getting stressed out lately I thought about sex, and any time my mother was in the room, I was stressed out. Armed with his stationery and writing utensil, Bruce shook out his arms, loosened his shoulders, adjusted his sleeves, and after three attempts, found the perfect way to lean on the table. I sighed.

Mr. J., on the other side of the table, looked like he was psyching himself up for an Olympic power-lifting event. He leaned back in his chair, covered his eyes with one perfectly manicured hand, in a modified "The Thinker" pose, and paused for dramatic effect. Clearly he was the Joan Crawford to Bruce's Bette Davis. What ever happened to g*y men who defied stereotypes? The only thing Bruce defied was logic.

"Bar and Bat Mitzvah theme," he said, sounding like Carnac the Magnificent.

"Adam did a Las Vegas review," Deb Roth said proudly.

"Lily did the Civil Rights Movement," the Ice Queen said, rolling her eyes.

"You'll never stop criticizing me for that!" I growled. "It was culturally relevant. Did you know that at the height of the Civil Rights movement as many as thirty percent of lawyers signing up voters in the south were Jewish?" They all stared at me.

"Las Vegas?" Mr. J. repeated enthusiastically. "I have tons of contacts in Vegas." There was a shocker. It was my turn to roll my eyes.

"Oh yeah?" Adam sounded pretty enthusiastic too. I began to suspect that maybe he had never really gotten the "showman" out of his system.

"Yes! And it's simply the perfect place for last minute wedding that's still fabulous!"

"Vegas?" My mother sounded like she was asking him to describe his occasional irregularity.

"Vegas?" Deb echoed. She didn't sound nearly as excited as her baby boy.

"Vegas!" Bruce said with a happy smile. Well, at least he was in.

"I don't think Vegas is a good idea," my mother said dismissively.

"I think it's a great idea," I said. Suddenly, I was a big fan of Sin City.

"Lily, I don't ..." she tried again.

"I don't care. Adam likes the idea, and so do I. Vegas it is." We glared at each other.

"Mommy, will you blow up the balloon?" Josh asked from somewhere beneath the edge of the table, breaking the tension.

"In a minute, honey," Hannah answered. "You know, it might not be a bad idea. I mean, like he said, Vegas is perfect for last minute weddings and it will be warmer there."

"Yeah," Sarah agreed. "And just because it's Vegas doesn't mean it has to be tacky." Adam's sisters obviously had my back and I loved them for it.

"Mommy, I want the balloon," Josh started to whine.

"Be patient a minute, Joshua, and wait until Mommy's done talking," Hannah chided. "Rabbi Stein could still marry them. I'll bet that he would love to take a little weekend trip."

Suddenly, everyone was involved in an animated discussion of a Las Vegas wedding. I was about to make a point about something, when I felt a little tug on my shirt. I looked down and there was Josh. Holding a condom.

I grabbed Adam's leg under the table. Or I should say, I meant to grab his leg, but I was a little off with my aim. He sat up with a jolt and I felt him get hard in my hand. This was going downhill fast. He looked at me like I was nuts. I jerked my head toward Josh, who was still standing there holding his "balloon." Adam followed my gaze and his eyes got wider.

"Lure him into the other room," Adam hissed quietly into my ear.

"He knows you better. He's more likely to follow you," I whispered back.

"I'm indisposed," he answered through gritted teeth.

"Sorry about that."

"Just do it, Lilith. My sister will freak out and want to know why we weren't more careful."

"Well, jeez, you don't have to be so angry. It's not like I left it sitting out."

"Neither did I. He must have been exploring, but she'll still freak out. Now get him in the other room and give him something else to play with. I should be fine in a minute."

"Hey, Josh. Come with me," I whispered excitedly. He responded with a big smile and I led him off to the bathroom. When we got there, I looked around frantically for something to trade. Then I had an idea. "Want to see something really neat? Here give me your balloon and I'll show you." Miraculously, he went for it. Five minutes later, Adam came looking for me. He poked his head in the bathroom door and froze. Slowly, a huge grin spread across his face.

"Uncle Adam, look. I'm making Lily look silly," Josh said with a huge smile as he continued sculpting my shaving cream beard.

"I see that. You can start calling her Aunt Lily, Josh. She's going to be my wife soon." The way he said it, and the way he was looking at me, made me feel all choked up. "And someday she's going to be a great mommy too."

That one made me lose it, and I felt my eyes fill up with tears. So I sat there on the bathroom floor, covered in shaving cream, laughing and crying at the same time while Adam got a towel and started gently wiping Josh and me up. Even though I didn't think it was possible, I loved him even more then.

By the time I got back out to the table, smelling spicy and manly, they had discussed some details already. For one thing, I found out that my parents were footing the bill. They got no argument from me on that. My initial reaction was to tell them to keep their money, but then I realized how juvenile and foolish that would be. My parents were loaded; I was their only child and Adam and I could use our money for other things.

I also found out that Mr. Jonathan had connections at Marrakesh, a luxury hotel and casino in Las Vegas with a Moroccan theme. My initial reaction to that was "Oh my God. You're kidding, right?" but then I saw the light in my groom's eyes. Seeing him so excited, melted me. Visions of camels and slot machines filled my head, but hell, I was in love.

The Roths wanted to pay for the rehearsal dinner, but also for us to have a honeymoon after the wedding. Bruce was friends with a travel agent who could get us a great price on a trip to Rio. Wow, now that, was a dream location for me! Everybody was pitching in and it looked like we were going to get exactly the wedding we wanted. Why did that feel too good to be true?

Chapter Thirteen

That night we had a joint Game Night/Girl's Night at Gab and Braden's place. While the guys sat around the big screen TV watching a football game in the living-room, we sat in the parlor looking at bridal magazines.

Jess and Gab were really excited about staying at Marrakesh and I had to admit that when they described what they had read about it on the internet, it did sound like fun. The place supposedly had a model of a traditional Moroccan market place, sword dancers, tents, and a huge pool with fountains that was covered by a glass enclosure in the cooler months. It may not have been the real thing, but it seemed to make everyone happy.

At one point I got up to go the bathroom and on my way back, as I passed near the living-room, I heard the guys talking about Vegas themselves. I didn't stop to listen in, at least not initially, but I heard what they were saying anyway. It's not like they were whispering.

"I guess we should wait until we get to Vegas to have your bachelor party," Braden said. Wait a minute! Bachelor party? I paused in mid-stride.

"That would be pretty wild," Mark said and I felt my stomach start to tighten. Wild?

I thought he said that Adam acted all mopey going out without me. What happened to mopey?! Mopey was very different than wild.

"Better not make it too wild or he'll be staying a bachelor," Cam laughed.

"Oh come on," Braden replied. "We haven't all really hung together except to watch sports in months." What was that supposed to mean? What would they be "watching" instead?

"No sports?" Mark asked. "Does that include nude co-ed mud wrestling?" I heard the others laugh, including Adam.

I guess that answered my question. Those f**kers were actually going to go watch other women get naked and ... cavort. And God knows what else! I knew I shouldn't be standing there listening, but I wanted to hear what my beloved had to say before I moved on.

"Sounds like a blast. Just make sure you don't get me in any trouble," Adam said and I wondered what exactly he meant by that. Was it "don't plan anything that would upset Lily" or "don't plan anything Lily might find out about?"

I stalked off to the parlor again. When I got there, the other three were engaged in an animated conversation about belly dancing lessons, so I just sat on the sofa dwelling and stewing and stewing and dwelling. Okay, deep breath, Lil. You are an open-minded woman and you trust Adam. Even if he goes off with his ... friends and watches strange women shake their tits, that doesn't mean he would cheat on you, or love you any less.

I really didn't have a problem with him keeping his p**n collection. Hell, I would even watch it with him. So, why was this different? I knew the answer to that, though. Because a p**n o wouldn't be giving him a lap dance. There was a whole lot that a person could argue wasn't really "cheating." And besides, we were about to get married. We were still in the scorching hot part of our relationship. Why did he need to see some other chick shake her tits?

So what was I going to do? Ask him not to go? No. I wasn't going to do that, but he wasn't the only one who could go out on the town in Vegas.

"Lily? Honey, are you okay? Jess asked, interrupting my thoughts.

"Sorry." I realized then that I had been scowling and hugging my waist. My legs were crossed and the top one was bouncing frantically. My body language screamed "pissed off."

"If you don't want to take belly dancing lessons ..." Gab began.

"It's not that. I just overheard the guys planning a wild Vegas bachelor party for Adam." By the looks on their faces, Gab and Jess weren't any more excited to hear that news than I was.

"They're probably just planning to hang out and have a few drinks together," Beth said giving us a calm reassuring smile.

"There was mention of nude co-ed mud wrestling," I noted.

"Oh my God," Gab said making thoroughly disgusted face.

"Are you sure they were being serious?" Beth asked.

"I'm not sure about the nude co-ed mud wrestling but they were serious about having a wild bachelor party in Vegas."

"Well, if they can go out and be 'wild' then so can we, honey," Jess said, mirroring my own thoughts. "Vegas bachelorette parties can be fun too."

"I'll help you plan it," Beth offered. "I'm an actual bachelorette, and I wouldn't really mind having a wild time."

We all felt like changing the subject, so we started talking about other things, including our last month working on opposite sides of the courtroom and plans for the new legal clinic. We were all really excited about having our own practice and taking on good, challenging cases. Yes, even me, who didn't even think that she wanted to be a lawyer.

"I can't wait," Gabrielle said with a sigh. "My days of defending peckers and naked drunk drivers are over."

"No more trials with fifty nuns as prosecution witnesses," Jess agreed.

"And the offices are within walking distance of O'Malley's, where we can finally all sit at the same table on Fridays after work," Gab said toasting with her bottle of water.

"I'm jealous of all of you," Beth said, surprising me.

"You can sit at our table too, honey," Jess said.

"You're not allowed to be jealous of anyone," I teased. "You're not only smart and gorgeous. You're rich too. How is that fair?"

"Well, thanks, but I meant that I would love to do something like what you guys are doing. You know, opening a practice dedicated to fighting for just causes. There's just something so exciting and romantic about that," Beth answered, leaning forward and knitting her brows.

"Well, you're going to help make that possible, Beth," Gab reminded her. "Braden and I can't fund this forever with our own money. We need someone with your skills to write for grants, organize fundraising events, find community support and make connections for us."

"I know, and I appreciate the opportunity," she said with a sigh. "I just wish I could be more directly involved."

"Gab turned Cam and Jess into investigators, maybe you'll wind up being one too," I suggested. "That would be exciting I would think."

"Oh yeah!" Jess said with a laugh and rolled her eyes.

"In the meanwhile," Gab added, "there's always fiction for romance and excitement. So, Lily, when do we get another dirty book from you?"

"I haven't had a chance to really focus on it in a while, but as soon as the wedding is over and I'm settled in the new job, I'm really going to work to get another book out. I don't want to go too long without releasing one."

"Is Adam helping you research?" Jess asked, lowering her voice.

"Product testing," Gab answered and quietly filled Jess in on the Bruno story. She was suitably embarrassed for me but also found it very funny. In retrospect, though, even I found it kind of funny now that I was feeling less traumatized.

"I'm really glad that I've been warned," Beth said with a laugh. "Next time I doggie sit, my big girl toys get locked away. Losing my vibrator at this point would be a personal tragedy."

"It's just wrong that you don't have easy access to safe, discreet sex," I said. "I wish Mark would just ignore the Bro Code for one freaking night."

We were all leaning in toward each other and at that point, so nobody was paying attention to the sounds coming from the other room. That's how we lost track of what was going on with the other half of our party. We found out that the guys were no longer distracted when we heard Mark clear his throat from the doorway. We all jumped back with a start and looked up at him in guilty surprise.

"Sorry to interrupt your, uh ... conversation, but the game's over if you would like some male/female interaction," he said suggestively with a flirty smile at Beth.

She met his gaze directly, and even though she was blushing, her expression said that she was imagining some very interesting male/female interaction indeed. And as for him, I had never seen him look at her that way before. He was looking at her like Braden looked at Gabrielle. Furthermore, everyone in the room realized it, including to the two of them. The sexual tension between them was thick enough to cut with a knife.

"Mark, are you saying that you would like to interact with Beth," Jess teased, breaking the moment of charged silence.

"Believe me, I'd love to, but I'd like to live to see twenty-eight even more," he said with a laugh and headed back into the other room. We all looked at Beth simultaneously.

"I might be able to work with that," Beth said as a huge grin spread slowly across her face. Smiling like that with her cheeks pink and her eyes glowing she really was gorgeous. Mark didn't stand a chance.

We got up and headed into the living-room, settling ourselves next our respective, and in Beth's case, prospective, partners. It was interesting watching them together in close physical proximity. She crossed her legs and I saw him glance over and let his eyes travel their length. He rested an arm on the back of the couch and she moved back and over ever so slightly. They were so aware of each other and I could see already that this was escalating beyond just he's hot/she's hot. There was a more powerful attraction there. Maybe it had been there for a while, but Mark hadn't seen it because he hadn't been looking. Well, he was looking now and that inspired Beth to look more boldly.

Something else occurred to me then. Adam and I had probably been exactly the same way. No wonder it wasn't any surprise to our friends when we got together after decades of being enemies. They had seen it all along. They knew we wanted each other. So, if we wanted each other so much, why did he have to go out with his buddies and act like a player wannabe? I didn't think he would actually f**k anyone else, but the thought of him getting a lap dance in some strip club made me sick, and I felt myself getting angry again. It was Gabrielle who brought it all to the surface.

"So, do you guys plan to have a bachelor party for Adam?" she asked lightly and my heart slammed into my chest wall. What was she doing?

"A bachelor party?" Braden repeated, sounding slightly guilty. "Well, uh yeah, I guess we thought it might be fun to have a guy's night out together in Vegas. You know, explore a little bit."

"Yeah, maybe have a drink, check out a show," Cam said with a smile.

"That sounds fun," Jess said smiling at Cameron brightly. "I guess we'll have a bachelorette party for Lily too then. I'm sure they have some really good 'shows' for ladies."

"Hang on," Adam said, sitting up quickly. "What kind of bachelorette party?"

"Maybe we'll check out some nude co-ed mud wrestling." I bit out, unsuccessfully trying to keep the tension out of my voice. I had been simmering for too long.

"What, were you eavesdropping?" Adam asked angrily.

"Eavesdropping?!" I sputtered. "I was walking back from the bathroom! You weren't exactly whispering in code! The next time you want to plan some pre-marital debauchery maybe you could be courteous enough to wait until I'm more than fifty feet away!"

"Pre-marital?! Fuck that, Lilith!" Adam flew to his feet and glared down at me, his face flushed with rage. "We were kidding around! But maybe you feel like you can't trust me because you're the kind of person who listens at doorways yourself!" He was livid. My mouth popped open. I felt like he had just punched me in the gut.

"Adam! Lily!" Gab cried out, sounding horrified. "Don't say anything else! Please! I just wanted to embarrass them a little. I didn't want this."

"Yeah, don't say anything else!" Braden emphasized.

I felt the blood drain out of my face and I went numb. We had lashed out at each other as if all of our time together had been erased, as if it were all a dream. We had turned on each other in seconds and gone right for the jugular. "We can't do this anymore," I mumbled, and suddenly Adam looked like a cornered animal, angry and scared.

"Please go into the other room and apologize to each other and talk," Gabrielle implored.

I stood up on shaky legs and started to follow her to the bedroom. When I had gone a few steps, though, I realized that Adam hadn't moved. I stopped walking, turned and just stared at him, terrified. It felt like my blood froze in my veins and I couldn't breathe. I looked into his eyes, silently begging him to come with me, to make it right again somehow. There had to be a way to make it right because if we didn't my heart would die.

And then he started to follow and I almost passed out with relief. I went into the bedroom with Gabrielle and Adam followed me in. Then she left and shut the door. I couldn't look at him so I just stared the floor. We were silent for a few seconds and then he spoke, his voice filled with pain.

"Are you going to leave me?" I looked up, stunned, and then even more stunned, when I saw his eyes. I had never seen such anguish before. It hit me like a hammer to the ribs. My throat got so tight that I couldn't breathe and I gasped. Then I broke down.

"Why would you even ask that?" I sobbed and more collapsed than sat on the bed. My whole body was shaking.

"You said, 'We can't do this anymore' and the look on your face was like, 'I can't believe I was going to marry this ass**le'." He sounded a like a hurt and frightened child.

"I meant we couldn't attack each other anymore," I answered, barely intelligible. I knew that I was ugly crying at that point but I didn't care. Through a blur of tears, I saw him release a ragged breath.

"Thank f**k you told me," he said, voice breaking. "I would have gone nuts. I don't know what I would have done."

"When you didn't come right away, I thought..." I couldn't finish. It was too painful "Please don't leave me," I begged.

He crossed the room instantly and sat beside me on the bed, pulling me into his arms as I clutched onto him for dear life. "Lily, baby, I love you so much. I was just stunned for a second. I would ... I would never." I knew that he was still fighting to keep his emotions under control.

"I trust you. I do. I promise."

He buried his face in my hair. "You have no reason not to. Lily, I swear that we were joking around about the nude co-ed mud-wrestling. We probably would have gone to some Vegas burlesque show, but, if anything, it would have just made me want to get back to you faster. In fact, I would probably picture you doing whatever they were doing."

"I imagined you getting a lap dance at a strip club."

"You think I would risk throwing away what we have together for a cheap hook-up with some stripper?"

"No, not really. I was feeling jealous but also guilty and defensive. I didn't listen at the doorway, but I paused when I heard you talking. Oh God, why would I attack you like that?"

"I should never have said that. You're right. We can't do this shit anymore, Lily. Bickering is one thing, but not this."

"We're not kids anymore. We have to act like adults, even when we fight."

"I agree. So do we have a deal? No more personal attacks or lashing out like that."

"Yeah, it's a deal." I hugged him as tightly as I could.

"And we stop questioning whether or not the other person is going to leave, because it's not going to happen." He hugged me back fiercely. "We love each other too much to run away as soon as things get tough."

"You're right," I answered in a shaky voice.

"Now, we're going to get cleaned up and go reassure our friends that we're good and then we are going to go home and have really great make-up sex. And then we're going to get some sleep, because tomorrow Thanksgiving weekend is over and it's back to the crazy."

When Adam and I returned to the living-room holding hands, our friends breathed a collective sigh of relief. We went back to our love seat in a much more loving frame of mind.

"We're sorry we upset everybody," I said, unable to make eye contact, my face burning. "We're not going to fight like that anymore," Adam put in, pulling me close to him.

"I'm the one who's sorry," Gab said. "I shouldn't have brought it up like that."

"How about if we do a joint bachelor and bachelorette party?" Braden suggested.

"You can have a guy's night out. Go watch your burlesque show, drink your scotch, and smoke your cigars. I trust Adam and he should be able to hang out with his friends for a night." He pulled me even closer and kissed the top of my head.

"Well, we'll have a girl's night, honey," Jess said. "Since Adam knows he can trust you, too. We'll go see a male revue, drink our girlie drinks, talk about sex and dance."

"Bruce will be so happy," I said with small smile. And with that, our dark moment passed.

Chapter Fourteen

Monday it was back to court. As if that wasn't stressful enough, when I got back to my office, there was a message from my mother waiting for me. It was a demand that I find myself a suitable wedding gown as soon as possible, and the news that my father would be bringing his new, very young, girlfriend to our wedding. I could actually hear her clenching teeth in the message.

I called her back and told her that I would handle picking out my wedding gown, when and how I chose. Furthermore, my father could bring whomever he wanted, but if he embarrassed me, I would have no qualms about asking him to leave.

I hung up the phone and sat staring straight ahead, as anger, adrenaline and anxiety mixed together like a Molotov cocktail in my body. Then, I got up and went to find Adam. I knew that Braden would be in court for a while yet, and Adam would have his office to himself.

I knocked on his door and poked my head inside. He was on the phone, but he looked up and pointed to the chair on the other side of his desk. I sat down and waited for his call to end. When he hung a few minutes later, he looked at me quizzically.

"My mother is already pressuring me about my gown, and my dad is bringing some young bimbo to our wedding."

"You're kidding."

"No. I told her to kiss off, but now I'm tense. I need a distraction."

"Like preparing cases?" he asked, with a smile, sounding like he didn't think I was talking about preparing cases.

"Will you let me give you a blow job?" I asked calmly, like that was a perfectly reasonable request while at the office in the middle of the day.

"Here? In the office of the District Attorney of Philadelphia? Where we work?" His eyes went to windows on the far wall that faced out toward the building across from us. When I turned and followed his gaze, I could see people moving around in those offices, so theoretically, they could also see us.

"They won't see anything if you're sitting behind your desk."

"And how will this relieve your tension?"

"It makes me feel good to give you pleasure and the happy brain chemicals will negate the bad ones. Besides, Mother Nature paid her monthly visit this morning, so it's all I can do. Come on Adam, let me suck your cock," I said giving him a sexy look and I could see him getting turned on. He was breathing faster and starting to look flushed.

"Oh my God, woman. You're going to kill me."

"That doesn't sound like a 'no'," I said in a sultry voice and walked over to lock the door and flip off the lights. Then I walked around his desk, pushed his chair back and knelt down in front of him.

"You're actually going to give me head in my office in the middle of the work day?" he asked, swallowing hard. His eyes were starting to look hazy. I'll note that he wasn't stopping me as I unhooked his belt and opened his pants.

"Looks like part of you likes the idea," I said freeing his cock, which was already very hard at that point. He watched me intently, breathing heavily as I stroked him. I looked up at him as I leaned down and swirled my tongue around the tip, paying particular attention to the sensitive underside. He groaned quietly and unbuttoned the bottom of his shirt, pushing out of the way.

"Lily," he said hoarsely. "Braden will be done with court soon."

"So, don't hold back. Now, tell me what you want me to do Adam."

"Take me in your mouth," he said, giving in with a sigh. I wrapped my lips around him and slowly slid my head down until he hit the back of my throat. He swore and grabbed my hair, pushing it back further from my face. "Keep looking at up at me," he instructed in a low thick voice as I slid him back out stroking him with my tongue along the way. "That's so hot." He groaned when I sucked him back in until he hit the back of my throat again. That was as deep as I could manage at that angle, so I used my hand to pleasure him where my mouth couldn't reach. "Oh yeah, like that, baby. Just like that. Oh, that feels so good," he ground out in a shaky voice.

"Shush, not so loud," I warned, pausing.

"Oh, f**k, don't stop," he said more quietly and I went back to work, sucking vigorously, sliding him in and out, rolling my tongue around his tip, pumping the base of his shaft with one hand and lightly squeezing his balls with the other. I drove him insane for a few minutes before he got to the point where he couldn't take anymore.

"Oh yeah, Lily," he said lifting his hips. "Oh baby, I'm so close. I'm going to come. Oh God, Oh God, yeah, I'm coming." His muscles went taught and he thrust up and held me still as he exploded into my mouth and then collapsed back down into his chair with a low groan. I swallowed and trailed gentle kisses along his lower abdomen.

"That did help," I said smiling up at him.

"It certainly helped me," he said with a sated smile, gently brushing his fingertips over my lips. "You're lips are swollen, though. You look like you just gave somebody a blow job."

"And you look like you just got one," I said as I tucked him back in and zipped him up, refastening his belt.

"Thank you," he replied while he stroked my hair and gazed down at me lovingly.

"I like making you feel good."

"There's nothing I can do for you later?" he asked.

"Just snuggle with me. That would make me feel good," I said with a sigh, standing up. The doorknob turned and I jumped. Then I heard Braden's voice.

"Adam? Are you in there?"

"Yeah, man! Hang on. You really feel better?"

"Yeah, I do. Thanks."

"Anytime." He smiled. "I'll come get you at six."

I smiled and flipped the lights on. Then I unlocked the door and Braden greeted me and gave Adam a look that said that he knew that we hadn't been having a case conference. "I love you," I said to Adam over my shoulder as I left.

"I hate you," Braden said quietly in an amused voice and Adam laughed.

The rest of the week wasn't any less stressful. My mother called to harass me on a regular basis. Adam's mom also called regularly to consult with me about various details ... in minute detail. When she wasn't consulting and my mother wasn't harassing, Mr. J. called to consult and harass. I refused to back down, though. This was my wedding, and I was in charge.

Under other circumstances, this might have resulted in me sexing Adam into a state of exhaustion, but alas, as I mentioned, Mother Nature was making her monthly call. Adam also insisted that while I was abstaining, he too, would abstain from any other type of pleasure because he didn't like not being able to reciprocate. So, we had a stressful, but completely sexless week.

Luckily, Mother Nature would be leaving again by Saturday. Unluckily, Saturday was the day we were spending watching Josh and having a sleepover at Hannah and Nate's place. By that time, let's just say that both Adam and I were jonesin'. We probably would have been able to scratch our itch Saturday morning, but we slept late and had to rush to get to Hannah and Nate's place in the suburbs.

"Okay, now Joshie's been on this Mac and Cheese kick," Hannah explained before she and Nate left for their romantic getaway. "He'll want mac and cheese three meals a day but please make sure he eats something else too. I left a list of foods he's usually okay with."

"Nutrition, gotcha," Adam said nodding.

"He goes to bed at eight-thirty and he'll want a bed time story. Please read to him until he falls asleep."

"Adam likes that too," I offered and he shot me a "too much information" glance.

"Josh is just like he was at that age," Hannah confided with a smile.

"There are moments when Adam is just like Josh at this age," I joked, earning a glare from him and a laugh from Hannah.

"I'm so happy the two of you are finally together. You're exactly what he needs."

"He's exactly what I need too," I answered glancing up at him. That one, he liked. "When does Josh get a bath?"

"Eight o'clock, just before bed. No dump truck in the tub."

"No dump truck." I smiled at Adam who had once told me that I made a good tub toy. He gave me a lusty look that made my tummy flutter.

"Okay, now, as for Sparky," Hannah went on, glancing at their rather nervous-looking pointer, "he gets two cans of dog food at about five. It's in the pantry. Then Adam should walk him for about twenty minutes at seven. There are a pooper scooper and bags hanging just inside the basement door."

"Great," Adam said, unenthusiastically.

"So, any other questions?" Hannah asked.

"I don't think so," I replied. "Entertain him, feed him, put him to bed, and take care of Josh and the dog too."

"Right." Hannah laughed again. "After Josh is asleep, feel free to entertain yourselves however you like. We have movies, books, the guest bedroom ...Please just remember to lock the door and not make too much noise."

"Don't traumatize me," Adam warned.

"Adam doesn't think that my sisters and I know he has sex at age twenty-seven. Please. We knew what he did with Abby's college roommate in our parents' basement when he was seventeen."

"I haven't heard that one." I smiled while Adam gave her a death look. "When do you find out the sex of baby number two?" I asked, changing the subject and glancing down at her belly, which was just starting to swell. I figured that I would ask him about the basement thing later.

"Not for another four weeks at least," she answered. "I'll be happy either way, though. This should be good practice for you two." She winked. Hannah was no fool. She saw through our sudden interest in babysitting.

"Yeah," I said nervously. "I don't have any experience with kids myself and my mom was always working, so I don't really have any good role models other than maybe some of the better babysitters."

"I'm sure that's exactly what she wants to hear before leaving her child in your care," Adam said.

"I'm not worried," Hannah said reassuringly. "If you can handle Adam you can handle Josh. And I have good instincts about people. I think you'll be a natural, Lily. Just remember, though, we all figure it out when we need to." Adam turned and lifted his eyebrows at me in a silent "I told you so."

"Okay, well, you guys should get going on your romantic getaway," I said.

"Yeah, I don't know when we'll get another one. Enjoy your private time while you can. Once you have kids it gets much more complicated."

Nate took their bags out to the car and then he and Hannah said goodbye to Josh. My heart ached watching it. They would just be gone for the night, but I could see that both Hannah and Josh were trying to be brave.

She promised him that he would have fun with Uncle Adam and Aunt Lily and that Mommy and Daddy would be back the next day. Josh nodded and hugged her hard. I almost had an emotional breakdown right there in the driveway. When they left, we held little hands and went back into the house. I had a feeling it was Elmo time.

Two hours later, with the theme to Elmo's World permanently burned into my brain, it occurred to me that it was noon and Josh was probably getting hungry.

"Josh, it's time for lunch," I said brightly. "How about a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and some milk?"

"I want mac and cheese please," he said gazing up at me with huge brown eyes that looked a whole lot like Adam's. I melted. The kid owned me.

"Well, okay, but just for lunch, not for dinner too."

"Hang on a minute," Adam interrupted. "Okay, you want mac and cheese you're going to have to have some carrot sticks too."

"I don't want carrot sticks. Celery with peanut butter is okay."

"Alright but then you also drink some apple juice."

"Okay."

"So, mac and cheese, celery sticks with peanut butter and apple juice. You've got a deal." Adam walked over and shook his hand. "Now go wash up and we'll meet you in the kitchen." Josh marched off toward the bathroom and I turned to Adam.

"That was very impressive."

"It's just a matter of negotiation, Lilith. Don't ever accept the first offer." He came over and put his arms around me, grabbing my bottom. "So, you think this kid naps?"

"Maybe we can drug him," I suggested and Adam laughed.

Josh wasn't a napper. In fact, he seemed to have boundless stores of energy. He was up for multiple rounds of hide and seek, tag, and chase Lily with a squirt bottle. Sparky liked that one too. To say Sparky was high-strung would be understatement.

"I think they should have named that dog Shaky," Adam said, looking at Sparky and furrowing his brows.

"I think he's actually vibrating," I answered. "He seems pretty tense."

"He's a purebred pointer and he's still got his balls. They probably only mate him on a certain schedule. I would be tense too."

"Speaking of tense, you wouldn't let me touch you when we were at your parents' place but you had sex in their basement with Abby's college roommate?"

"I was seventeen. I was more hard-up than Shaky over there." At that moment, Sparky was busy humping a sofa pillow.

"So, because you're not hard-up now, does that mean that you won't want to have sex tonight because we're in your sister's house?"

"Who says I'm not hard-up? It's been a whole week. If I don't get some tonight I might wind up like him." Sparky had ended his relationship with the pillow and moved on to a rubber tree plant. "He's probably humped everything in this room. Maybe when I walk him later I'll look the other way when we pass a cute girl dog."

Chapter Fifteen

The rest of the day went pretty smoothly. Josh played. We entertained him. Adam made a decent dinner and I assisted. Afterward, I cleaned up while he took Sparky for his walk. It was longer than twenty minutes and I suspected that Adam really had set out to get Sparky laid. When they got back Sparky seemed much calmer and suspiciously happy looking.

"You found that dog some tail didn't you?" I asked as I put the last of the dishes in the dishwasher while Josh played in the living-room with his toy cars.

"Let's just say that there might me some poodle pointer puppies in a few months."

"A poodle? Oh please," I said rolling my eyes.

"Hey, she was available and willing."

"You guys all stick together."

"So, am I going to get some tail later?" he asked coming up behind me and pushing his hips against me.

"I might be available and willing," I answered rubbing my bottom against him.

"God, I'm horny," he whispered in my ear.

"Mmm. Me too," I replied, as he ran his hands all over me.

"Are you tickling Aunt Lily?" Josh asked from the doorway and we flew to opposite sides of the kitchen like a bomb had gone off between us.

"It's almost time for a bath," Adam announced a little too cheerfully.

"Can I bring my dump truck?"

"No dump truck, but we can play with other stuff," Adam told him. "Aunt Lily will get your pajamas while I get you in the tub."

I went off to Josh's room to find his jammies and a book to read while Adam took him off to bathroom. By the time I had laid out everything for him he was happily splashing around in his bath. Adam was kneeling beside the tub with his sleeves rolled up, wiping Josh down with a wash cloth. It was so sweet that I got a lump in my throat.

"I have a penis," Josh announced out of the blue, pointing down into the water.

"That's because you're a boy," I explained sagely.

"Does Uncle Adam have a penis?"

"Oh yeah," I said with a smile. Adam looked up at me and tried not to laugh.

"Does Elmo have a penis?"

"Uh, well ..." He had stumped me.

"So what book do you want us to read you?" Adam interrupted.

"I found one called "Elmo Flies a Kite." How about that one?" I asked.

"That's a good one," Josh confirmed. Fifteen minutes later, his teeth were brushed, he was dressed in his jammies and we were tucking him into bed. I sat down on the bed next to him and read him his Elmo book while Adam looked on smiling. Josh's eyes gradually closed and we tiptoed out and shut off the light.

"That wasn't so hard," I said quietly.

"Not nearly as hard as Uncle Adam's penis. Seeing you all maternal turned me on. Let's go, baby," he said taking my hand and heading for the guest bedroom.

"I'm glad it wasn't the poodle encounter that did it." Before we had even made to the door, a little voice called out.

"It's dark! I want my nightlight." Adam and I froze, looked at each other and went back in. I knew it couldn't be that easy.

"I thought you were asleep, dude," Adam said, sitting down beside Josh.

"I don't like it too dark. My nightlight is over there." He pointed and I went over and plugged in his Elmo nightlight. "Will you read me another book?"

Adam took a turn and after he read the Poky Little Puppy, Josh looked very sleepy but he was not, in fact, actually asleep. This wasn't going well.

"Josh is something wrong?" I asked. "Are you sad because your Mommy and Daddy are somewhere else tonight?" I sat down on the other side of his bed and took his little hand in mine.

"Yes," he said quietly. "Can I have some water?" Adam got up and went to go get Josh a drink. While he was gone I reassured Josh that his Mommy and Daddy would be back the next day and that there was nothing to worry about. Adam was back a minute later with the water.

"Here you go, buddy," he said and Josh sat up and took a sip.

"I have to go potty," he informed us.

"Okay," Adam said with a sigh. "Let's go."

He led Josh off to the potty as I fidgeted and tried not to think about how much I wanted this kid to go to sleep. Josh was back a minute later and I read him a third book as Adam started to look more and more desperate. Finally, he drifted off. Thank God.

Adam and I tiptoed out again and headed for the guest room. We went in and quietly closed the door, pausing to listen for a moment. Silence. We smiled at each other and started kissing like starving dogs attacking a steak dinner. We hit the bed and he pushed up my shirt and began trailing kisses from my tummy up toward my br**sts while I moaned quietly. Just as he was about to shove my bra out of the way, you guessed it, a little voice spoke from the doorway.

"Does Aunt Lily have a booboo?"

"What?!" Adam rolled off of me and looked at Josh like he wanted to cry.

"She's making noises. Does she have a booboo? Are you kissing it to make it better?"

Luckily, we packed pajamas. Otherwise, it would have been either much less comfortable, or much more awkward, sleeping with Josh between us that night. We didn't try to sneak out to another room, as neither one of us wanted to wake the adorable little boy who was anxious about his Mommy and Daddy being gone. Besides, there was always the next day. I laid there in bed that night with my Elmo Band-Aid on my stomach, feeling tired and horny. There was a little foot stuck in my ribs and a dog snoring and farting on the floor beside me. But I had a smile on my face because I knew that Adam and I could do this, and as long as we did it together, it would be wonderful.

Hannah and Nate were back by eleven the next morning, looking very happy and relaxed. They were thrilled with how well Adam and I had done with Josh and Sparky. I just hoped that Josh didn't mention my booboo and that the poodle didn't get knocked up.

Our anticipation got more intense as we got closer to our place - there I said it - our place. When we got in the door, Adam helped me off with my coat and I helped him off with his pants. We spent the next few hours in bed.

"That was worth waiting for," he said, stretching. I was snuggled up with my cheek on his chest. "Have I mentioned that you're great in bed?" He gently pushed my hair back away from my face and tucked it behind my ear.

"You're great in bed too. Must be all the practice. Was Abby's roommate your first sexual experience?"

"No. I lost my virginity when I was fifteen to one of the counselors at summer camp."

"You're kidding. While I was busy fighting off mosquitoes and learning Kumbaya in Hebrew you were getting laid? You bastard."

"You didn't miss much. I think I lasted about a minute. What about you? When did you lose your virginity?"

"Freshman year of college. The Earth didn't move but at least it didn't really hurt very much. I guess that's something."

"What would you have done if I had tried to kiss you when we were in high school?"

"I probably would have kissed you back."

"Oh yeah? And what would you have done if I had tried to feel you up?"

"I think I would have let you. Even though you acted like a jerk to me, I still thought you were hot and I was a horny teenager."

"Really?" he asked with a laugh. "And what would you have done if we were fooling around and I asked you to have sex with me?"

"I probably would have had the best minute of my life up until that point."

"Oh my God. I could have had you in high school? I'm such an ass**le."

"It's okay. I love you anyway and you can have me now whenever you want."

Chapter Sixteen

The next few weeks were much the same. Work stress was manageable, but between my mom, Adam's mom, and Mr. Jonathan calling, I started getting more and more tense. That meant, of course, that Adam started getting more and more exhausted. The poor man was sometimes servicing me two or three times a night, and that's apparently not easy for a twenty-seven year-old guy working a full-time job.

Both Braden and Mark noted that Adam was looking pretty worn out, and I suspected that they knew exactly why, as there seemed to be a lot of quiet joking going on. I will note for the record, however, that he was also looking very happy. He also did get a break the last week. We decided that we wanted the Las Vegas sex to be incredible, so we agreed to abstain from the Friday before we left, until the following Friday, which would be our first night there.

I found a gorgeous wedding dress, exactly the one I wanted, one that made me feel absolutely beautiful. It was strapless, with a mermaid cut that hugged my curves, a dipped neckline, and a V-cut back. It was sewn with beautiful Chantilly lace that was soft to the touch, and I matched it with a lovely veil that attached to the crown of my head and fell to the middle of my back. I remember the Saturday I tried it on at the wedding boutique. All of my girls were there, including Abby, and everyone was 'oohing' and 'ahing' as I spun around in the mirror.

"Oh, Lily," Abby gushed. "I can't wait to see Adam's face when he sees you dressed in that. You look so beautiful."

"Thank you," I said grinning like a fool.

"I'm sure he'll be happy to see you out of it too," Gab said, wiggling her eyebrows. "Don't forget to get pretty lingerie."

"Too much information," Abby said making a face.

"Finally, someone who knows how I feel!" Beth said laughing.

I also found the perfect flower arrangement for my bouquet, with pale pink dahlias, dark pink roses and white lilies. I found gorgeous engraved invitations, the perfect little Lenox picture frames for wedding favors, delicious menu items, and mimosas to drink. The band came highly recommended, and Mr. Jonathan promised me that they would be able to play Hava Nagila at the reception, so that everyone could dance the hora around Adam and me. I made sure that I approved every detail that one could possibly need to approve of for their dream wedding. It wasn't easy, but I faced down two Jewish mothers and a g*y wedding planner to get exactly what Adam and I wanted.

Time flew by. I was fully moved in and Adam was even teaching me how to cook a little. I had gotten back into the writing groove and I would have another book coming out that spring. We were planning to do some research on our honeymoon. Before I knew it, New Year's had come and gone and the wedding was only a week away. It was time to leave for Vegas.

We met at the airport on Friday morning. One of Braden and Gabrielle's wedding gifts was chartering a private plane for us. It's nice to have very wealthy friends. We would spend the afternoon together and dine together and then the guys and the girls would head off separately for a few hours and meet up again later. Our family and our other guests would be following us out Sat. morning. There would be a rehearsal dinner later that night, and then, Sunday at noon ... I couldn't stop smiling.

I looked around at our group while we waited. Cam and Jess were holding hands and laughing with Bruce and Jason, who had finally gotten some time away the hospital. Mark and Beth were having a conversation with Braden and Gabrielle, who was glowing with excitement. Everyone looked so happy, and it made me even happier, if that was possible.

Finally, we were able to board and our Vegas adventure got underway. The flight was five hours long, but the time didn't drag. We were allowed to move around the cabin, so we gathered around and had fun reminiscing.

"Adam was so put out that Lily was coming along that night to Club 51 and that weekend to my parents' place," Braden said.

"But I remember that night at the club," Gab chimed in. "Adam turned around and saw Lily in that red dress and did a double take."

"Yeah, and then he went on to say, 'I didn't know they let you out at night," Mark added with a laugh. "He's such a charmer."

"And she said, 'Gentlemen ... Adam'," Gabrielle went on and everyone laughed.

"I was watching him when he put his arm around her to protect her from creepy Cousin Derek," Jess said. "He was totally loving it!"

"I never said she wasn't hot," Adam teased, giving me a sexy smile.

"That whole weekend was like that," Cam said. "Even though they kept arguing, I thought they were going to hook up that afternoon when they went in at the same time from the pool. There was something about how they were arguing, you know?"

"Yeah! I thought that too," Mark said. "I was sure Adam was in there getting laid."

"I almost did," Adam said smugly.

"How can you be so sure?" I asked stubbornly, crossing my arms.

"For one thing, you've never actually denied it," Adam said. "And for another, we were about two inches apart and moving closer when Gabrielle came up the stairs and you fled into your bedroom."

"I can't believe you guys didn't hook up at that cabin," Cam said.

"When Jess asked you what the two of you were doing up at 3 AM the look you gave each other was classic," Gabrielle said.

"Damn interruptions," Adam grumbled.

'Tell me about it!" Braden agreed enthusiastically, which made everyone laugh. Braden and Gabrielle had been interrupted many times.

"That night at K2 when Lily saw Adam with that blonde, I thought she was going to crawl out a window," Bruce said, putting his two cents.

"Bruce," Jason said reprovingly.

"It's true. I almost did," I said, cracking everyone up. "I didn't want to see him pick up some other woman."

"He was there to pick you up," Gabrielle said. "She probably went after him."

"Did Gabrielle just come to Adam's defense?" Mark asked incredulously.

"I think so," Braden answered.

"I came to his assistance that night," Gabrielle said. "And I was happy to do it, believe me. He was so freaking miserable by that point that I couldn't stand it anymore."

"Nobody in Judge Channing's courtroom could stand it anymore, honey," Jess agreed.

"Lily too!" Bruce said, rolling his eyes. "All she did was sit at home and make up dirty stories about him. That was her whole social life at that point."

"Those dirty stories made good books," I reminded him.

"Now that they're getting married, Lily might hit the New York Time Best Seller list," Beth said with a smile.

"Let's sit down and rest for a while," Adam said to me after we had chatted a little while longer. "We're going to be busy later." I nodded and followed him back to our seats. The others followed suit not long afterward. Adam and I held hands and stared into each other's eyes while we spoke quietly to each other.

"When we get back home, we'll be married." He rubbed his thumb over my knuckles.

"I know. I was thinking that too." I smiled. "Even if we missed all those chances before, at least we'll never miss another one."

He leaned down and kissed me, a soft, delicious cinnamon Tic Tac kiss that became a sensual, sexy, spicy kiss. We made out for a long time, occasionally whispering either very loving or very dirty things in each other's ears.

"Are you sure you won't be too tired to show me a good time tonight?" I teased, smiling and sucking gently on his neck.

"After a week? You must be kidding," he said biting my earlobe. "Besides, didn't you look at the pictures of the room? I'm going to play desert sheik and harem girl with you."

"Let's save that for our wedding night." I giggled with anticipation. "I've been taking those belly dancing lessons and I bought an outfit to wear so I could dance for you then."

"Oh my God. That's better than Princess Leia and the gold bikini."

It wasn't all banter, though. We also talked about other things, details about the wedding, plans for the future, even just books and movies. Don't ever think that Adam and I just argue and have make-up sex. We can talk for hours about mutual interests and issues that matter to us. I just don't always describe those conversations because I'm not convinced that anyone else cares what we think about Twentieth Century literature, our favorite X-Files episodes or Middle Eastern politics.

We arrived in Las Vegas that afternoon and cars were waiting to take us to the hotel. I could feel Adam's excitement, and not in the usual way. He was looking out the windows like a puppy dog. I half expected him to race back and forth from one side of the car to the other. When we pulled up to Marrakesh, the expression on his face looked like we had just discovered El Dorado.

There was a huge intricate stone arch that we drove through, and there were exotic-looking fountains just beyond. We circled up the drive and approached the huge entrance. Bellmen, dressed like Arabian palace guards, immediately swarmed. I didn't point out that Arabia was a bit of a schlep from Morocco.

Adam had Vegas fever. He vaulted out of the car and looked around like he had just spent 40 years in the desert searching for this place. I was very happy to be there too, though. After leaving a bleak January day in Philly, the sun on my skin felt wonderful. Mr. Jonathan came out of the entrance and welcomed us enthusiastically.

"You're all checked in! I have keys for everyone and the bellman will take your things up. The wedding party will have its own wing. Adam and Lily will have the honeymoon suite on their wedding night and a regular room before that."

"Let's get unpacked and check out the hotel," Gab said, sounding excited.

"Let's check out our room first," Braden said, sounding excited in a different way. I had a feeling that all of the guys had an urge to play desert sheik and harem girl.

"After Braden and Gabrielle are done breaking in their bed, I say we hit that famous swimming pool," Mark suggested.

"Okay, everybody, let's do this!" Adam said, sounding like an excited kid. He grabbed my hand and practically skipped up the stone steps into the ornate lobby.

Having never been to Morocco, I had no idea what the real Marrakesh looked like, but it looked good to me. Actually, it reminded me of pictures I had seen of Moorish palaces in Spain. There were beautifully carved arches and vivid colors everywhere. The centerpiece of the lobby was a huge fountain painted gold. At least I think was painted. "Opulent" was the word that came to mind. It was quite a change from the place I had been living in just prior to moving in with Adam. "Tenement" was the word that came to mind with that place. I half expected to see Ali Baba come by on a flying carpet and I have to admit that while it might have been a little tacky, it was fun tacky.

Our rooms were well-equipped to support Adam's role play fantasies. There was an arch leading to a private balcony and a sunken bathtub big enough for the whole harem. The bed was covered in brightly colored pillows and a sheer, dark purple canopy cascaded down from the ceiling, creating our own little harem tent.

"On our wedding night, I'll dress in my costume and dance for you and feed you grapes and read to you from the 1001 Nights," I said giving Adam a come-hither look and a hip wiggle.

"I'm so happy." He sounded like he might cry.

Chapter Seventeen

An hour later, everyone met down by the pool. Because the weather wasn't all that warm yet, it was enclosed and covered by a glass roof, but it was still breathtaking. There were fountains and exotic plants all over the place. There was even a swim-up bar. We found a group of lounge chairs together and settled in as waiters appeared out of nowhere to take our drink orders. I sat back for a chat with my girls and Bruce while Adam and the other guys headed off for a swim.

"Any word about what the boys have planned, Mata Hari?" Jess asked Gabrielle. Gabrielle was good at getting information out of Braden.

"They're going to see Fantasy; it's a burlesque type show at Luxor," she answered.

"And you, Lily, are going to see the Chippendale's revue at Rio," Beth said wiggling her eyebrows. Bruce whooped. Jason had put himself through college as a Chippendale's dancer.

"Oh my. Well, I guess if Adam can watch sexy women strut around half-naked ..."

"That's the spirit, honey," Jess said with a smile.

"And then we'll send you back to your room with Adam and you can strut around half-naked for him," Gabrielle said.

"We'll make sure nobody disturbs you two tomorrow morning," Beth added.

"I may be asleep by the time he gets back."

"Nope, we've got everything time coordinated with the boys," Jess said.

"Yeah, we'll be checking in with them periodically," Gab put in. "We'll make sure that you and Adam wind up together and awake at the end of the night."

"Don't worry. We'll get you laid, sweetie," Bruce said, sipping his daiquiri.

"Thanks, Pimp Daddy," I said with a smile.

We joined the guys for a swim and then went back to our rooms to change for dinner and our respective nights out. Adam looked yummy in a royal blue button down shirt, black jacket and pants. I wore my red dress - the one that he had liked so much last summer. He still liked it.

"You're wearing that dress." He walked over and pulled me into his arms, squeezing my bottom and leaning down to kiss my neck.

"This time you'll get to take it off," I whispered in his ear. He breathed in deeply and I felt him start to get hard against my belly.

"Maybe I shouldn't go," he said in a thick voice, pulling me against him more tightly.

"Spend time with your friends and whet your appetite. As long as only I get the benefit."

"Only you, Lily." He was trailing kisses along my jaw and I could sense he was getting very excited. His muscles were tensing and his breathing was getting faster and heavier. Time for a break if we were going to get out of the room.

"They're expecting us now, but later we'll have all night." I gave him one last tender kiss on the lips and pulled away.

Dinner was fantastic. We sat on banquettes around low tables and shared food that we ate with our hands. Adam stared into my eyes as he sucked some hummus off my fingers and I felt my tummy fill with butterflies. I knew that by the time he got back to me, he would more than ready to play. A week apart, the exotic room, the anticipation ... this was going to be one hot night in Marrakesh.

Later that evening I found myself at Rio. I had to admit it was fun. We drank fruity drinks and Jason told us raunchy stories from his days as a dancer. Although I laughed, and yes, ogled a little, I behaved myself. I can't say the same for all of my friends. The ladies and Jason were fine, but Bruce ... oy vey. The show was wild, but he was wilder. I thought we might have to hose him down. I had a feeling Jason would be putting on a private show for him when we got back to the hotel. I had a few fruity cocktails, and I'll be honest, I was feeling no pain. We had fun, dancing, laughing, joking and teasing each other. Finally, Gabrielle's phone buzzed and she talked for a minute or two and then hung up and leaned over to whisper to me, sounding a little tipsy herself.

"Adam and Braden want us to come back." She laughed. "They miss us."

"So, you're saying they're horny and they want to get laid." I joked.

"Exactly, but that's okay with me, because so am I. I keep picturing Braden peeling off his clothes and strutting his stuff like that for me."

"I know what you mean. Adam has the cockiness for it too."

"They both have the body," Gab said with a tipsy giggle.

"We've got some hot men waiting for us back at the hotel. What are we doing here?"

The others were still having fun, and wanted to stay a while longer, so Gab and I grabbed a cab back to the hotel together. When we walked in the lobby, I immediately saw Adam and Braden standing near the fountain, waiting for us. They would have been hard to miss even in this lobby full of other beautiful sights. They were laughing together and they really did look so incredibly good, my tall dark and handsome fiance, and Gabrielle's Norse god husband.

They looked up at the same time and both of them smiled. We walked up to them and I couldn't resist wrapping my arms around Adam and pulling him against me tightly. I just wanted to be touching him. In all kinds of places. The feeling seemed to be mutual and he was running his hands all over me.

"So, how was your naughty show?" I asked, smiling up at my naughty guy.

"Tame compared to you," he answered, staring at my lips like maybe he was remembering that day in his office.

"How was your naughty show?" Braden asked, giving Gabrielle a hungry look.

"I was thinking that I would have you do those moves for me later." She laughed.

"No time like the present," he said smiling suggestively.

"Time for bed!" she replied. I had a feeling she knew that look he was giving her.

"Bed sounds good," Adam said, stroking my back in the way that drove me wild.

"Let's go now," I said, swallowing.

We listened to a MUZAC version of Rhinestone Cowboy as we ascended to the twenty-third floor. Braden drummed his fingers on the wall. Adam tapped his foot. Gabrielle shifted her weight back and forth from one foot to the other and I bit my lip and fidgeted. We were two very amorous couples dying to get to our private places. In more ways than one. There was a lot of tension in that elevator. It wasn't helped along by the six other people, from six different floors, sharing it with us. When one drunken looking guy accidentally pushed the wrong button, Adam looked at him like he was planning to throw him down the stairs.

Finally, the bell dinged for twenty-three and we practically sprinted out to our rooms, which were next to each other. There were hurried goodnights and Adam quickly put out the "Do Not Disturb" sign and flipped the latch. Then, he slowly turned, and gave me one of the hottest looks I've ever seen. I started breathing faster and getting all tingly.

He took off his jacket and tossed it aside. Then he untucked and unbuttoned his shirt and took off his belt, shoes and socks. He dimmed the lights, found Skin by Rhianna on my iPod and plugged it in to the speakers. Finally, he turned the chair from the desk around to face the middle of the room and sat down to wait.

I took a deep breath and blew it out slowly, feeling my heart pounding in my chest and a tingling ache between my legs. He was beautiful, his dark eyes flashing, that sinful mouth curved up with just the hint of a sexy smile. Moments like this, I could hardly believe he was mine. The guy everyone had always wanted, that every girl had fantasized about. Now he was a man, a man sexy enough to have any woman he wanted, and he wanted me. And God knows, I wanted him!

I kept looking deeply into his eyes as I reached behind myself and eased down the zipper of my dress. I let the straps fall from my shoulders, and then let my dress fall to the floor. I stood there in a black lacy bra and panties, black thigh high stockings and high heels. I saw him swallow and run his tongue over his lips as his eyes slowly traveled up and down my body appreciatively.

"Come and sit on my lap," he said thickly.

I walked up to him slowly and swung a leg over his lap, straddling him and bracing my hands on his shoulders. That cocky smirk that used to annoy the hell out me now set my body on fire. Now I knew first-hand that Adam had something to be cocky about.

"What do you want me to do now?"

"You know what I want you to do."

With my feet planted on the floor, I began slowly circling my hips to the beat of the music, rubbing up against his cock. He held my waist and his breathing grew heavy.

"You like that?" I asked seductively.

"Oh, yeah." He groaned. I started mixing in hard little thrusts with my movements, and his eyes got hazy, as he started moving into a state of intense arousal.

"Did watching those dancers turn you on?"

"Made me want you. Made me want this. Oh yeah, like that." I was moving faster now, circling and thrusting against him, massaging him with my pu**y.

"You want it harder, baby?"

"Yes." His voice was hoarse.

I paused and unzipped his pants, reaching into his briefs and freeing him. I felt so powerful knowing that this sexy, strong, confident, man was helpless with desire beneath me. That I could bring him to orgasm just by rubbing my body against him. I started riding him harder and faster, rubbing against his bare cock. His breathing was ragged and his face was flushed. I liked the way it made me feel too and I was so wet I was soaking through my panties. The beat of the music urged me on and he started praising me, pleading and swearing.

"You want me to make you come like this?"

"Yes!" His grip became like a vice around my waist as he tensed up. Pushing his hips up against me, he threw his head back and groaned loudly.

"Do you feel it, baby? Are you going to come?" I kept it up relentlessly, rubbing and circling and thrusting my wet pu**y against his dick to the rhythm of the music.

"Oh f**k! Fuck! Yes! Please! Oh my God!"

"Come on, baby," I coaxed. "Give it to me." Clearly, I was channeling my inner p**n star and he was loving it.

"Oh f**k! I'm coming! Yes!" he yelled out and then froze, moaned and exploded all over my tummy in pulsing hot waves. Then I felt his muscles relax beneath me as he blew out a deep breath. He looked stunned and disoriented but he pulled me in for a passionate kiss and stroked my back.

"Why don't we take a shower?" I asked when he pulled away from my mouth and started kissing my neck. He mumbled something incoherent in reply and I got up and took him by the hand to lead him to the bathroom.

While he undressed completely I turned on the faucet, let the water get nice and warm. I stripped down and stepped under the delicious spray. We washed each other off lovingly in between deep, sweeping kisses.

"Let me make you feel good now," he said and then he sank to knees and braced one of my feet on the edge of the tub while I held onto his head and shoulders for support. As the warm water flowed over my back and shoulders he went down on me expertly, licking and lapping at my entrance and sucking on my clit.

"Oh yes." I gasped. "Oh God. Like that." I pushed my hips against his mouth while a thrill traveled through me from head to toe. The steam and the heat and the wetness made it seem positively erotic, like sweaty bodies sliding together on a hot summer night.

"Mmm." He groaned, driving me out of my mind. We usually didn't finish this way, since I usually begged to have him inside me, but that night, I wanted to come against that tantalizing tongue. I let him keep working me until I felt my orgasm starting to build.

"Adam. Oh Adam, baby. Oh God." I panted.

He slipped two fingers up inside me, and began stroking my G Spot while he sucked on my clit. Then another entered me from behind and it was more sensation than I could handle. My muscles became rigid and my belly dropped like I was falling from a ten story building. I became lightheaded, and almost swooned, when I felt myself go over the edge and my inner muscles began contracting. I screamed his name and it echoed off the bathroom tiles while I shook harder than Sparky ever had. My legs gave out and I would have fallen if he hadn't held me up. He rose and pulled me close. We stood there holding each other under the warm water for a while, and he helped me out. We dried each other off tenderly with big fluffy towels.

We climbed into bed together and laid kissing for a long time, gently letting our hands explore. He stroked and rubbed my back, knowing how much I loved that and I touched him in all the places I knew he loved best.

"You're not worried anymore are you?" he whispered to me after we had made love.

"No. I'm not worried. I'm just happy."

"Me too."

We made love again, slowly with him on top of me, rolling his hips and looking into my eyes and saying wonderful things. And after that, I was never afraid that he would ever leave me. I knew that I wouldn't be alone anymore.

Chapter Eighteen

We slept late, but we did, eventually, have to get up and greet our guests who were arriving in waves. Family got there first, and maybe for the first time ever, my mother didn't stress me out. My father arrived at about eleven, without the younger woman he had threatened to bring. It turned out that she had bored him. Go figure. He and my mom seemed to be having some kind of serious conversation, which kept them occupied. I had a gut feeling that they would be returning to Florida together.

Adam's entire family was buzzing with happiness and excitement. I had never seen his dad so animated. Abby seemed kind of distracted, though. I managed to get her alone for a few minutes to talk to her.

"Hey, are you okay?" I asked.

"Oh yeah." She laughed. "I was just thinking. My little brother is getting married. Wow, how weird is that?"

"It must feel a little strange."

"Yeah, Adam and I are only a year and a half apart. I'm close to my sisters, but he and I were always especially close. We used to sit up at night and read with a flashlight when we were supposed to be sleeping." Her eyes started to look a little wet and my chest got tight.

"He still likes to read in bed."

"Me too." She smiled. "He and I are so much alike. We both act like nothing bothers us, joke around, act cocky, you know? But underneath, we both have more going on. I'm so glad that he found someone who he can be himself with."

"You'll find somebody too," I said reassuringly.

"Oh! I'm not worried about it." She laughed. "I've got other things on my mind right now. The Federal Public Defender offered me a job heading up their computer crimes group and I'm thinking about taking it."

"Wow. That sounds like a great opportunity."

"The federal prosecutor who's just been assigned to lead up the U.S. Attorney's computer crimes division is kind of annoying, though. If you think Adam's cocky, you should meet him."

"Uh oh. Is his name Jacob Sachs?"

"Yeah, do you know him?"

"Jacob and I used to date back in law school and he was involved in that case that Adam and I got pulled into recently."

"You dated him? He seems like such an ass."

"Jacob can be an ass, but he's got more going on under the surface too."

"I've heard he's a womanizer. I mean, don't get me wrong, I don't have any problem with men or women having as many casual sexual encounters as they want, as long as there's respect, you know?"

"I don't know what he's like with the women he hooks up with casually, but he always treated me with respect. He and I never had a great love affair, but he didn't cheat on me. Just between you and me, he's really good in bed and his ego isn't all that's big." I laughed.

"I'll take your word for it." She gave me a raised eyebrow. "It would definitely be an interesting job and I would never let one cocky prosecutor keep me from doing what I wanted anyway."

"Good. I think you should go for it."

"Enough of this, let's focus on what's important. Girlfriend, this time tomorrow, you'll be my sister-in-law. Welcome to the crazy." She and I hugged tightly and I had a feeling that Abby and I would become very close friends.

I found out that Adam had a surprise planned for me after the rehearsal dinner and I was very intrigued. The day went by quickly, filled with laughter and happiness. We greeted old friends from back home who had made it in. Adam's two best buddies growing up, Josh and Rob made it and so did my two closest girlfriends. Marcy and Sharon. What a conversation that was! They were all stunned but thrilled that Adam Roth and Lily Adler, mortal enemies since preschool, had fallen in love and were getting married. It meant that anything was possible.

Even Shari Edelstein, who now had the fakest boob job on the planet, made it. And although she was nothing but friendly, I must admit that it gave me perverse pleasure that she would watch me marry the cutest boy from our class.

Rabbi Stein walked us through everything step by step late that afternoon. We would start out separately with me sitting on my bridal throne and being kept company by the female guests. Meanwhile, Adam would being giving a talk about what entering into marriage meant to him, as the male guests listened.

"So, she sits on a throne and I give a lecture?"

"Yes," Rabbi Stein replied with a smile. He went on to explain that Adam would lead the men to the room where I was waiting, and he would offer me the gift of a gold wedding band, and we would sign the marriage contract.

"And then I give her jewelry and agree to take care of her and keep her happy, while she accepts the jewelry, and agrees to let me."

"Yes," Rabbi Stein answered again.

"Just making sure I got all that."

After that, Adam would officially recognize that I was, in fact, his bride and he would veil me and we would proceed to be led by our parents to stand under the marriage canopy together and take our vows. We weren't supposed to eat that day, and there were a few cups of wine involved in the ceremony, so I anticipated being rather merry by the reception. After we took our vows, we would go off somewhere to break our fast and be alone together before we joined everyone else as man and wife.

By the end of the rehearsal, Rabbi Stein was looking a little pale, and with an apology, he skipped the dinner to go lie down and rest. We all ate in a private area of the formal dining room that night, and there were plenty of toasts and lots of funny stories. When dinner was over, it was time for my surprise.

Adam went off somewhere, and my friends led me into a small nightclub and seated me next to the stage. Our friends and family members quickly filled the place, and within a few minutes the lights were turned down low. A voice came from somewhere off stage.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, we welcome you to our show!" The curtain went up and I saw a huge glittery sign that looked very familiar. It said "Adam's Las Vegas Review." Oh my God. It was the sign from his bar mitzvah.

Out onto the stage walked a guy with a ventriloquist dummy. He introduced himself, and I recognized him as the first act. Behind him was a huge screen, and on the screen, was a picture of him performing at Adam's bar mitzvah all those years-ago. I got a lump in my throat and my eyes welled up. Adam was recreating the whole show for me! After the ventriloquist came the juggler and the comedian who had performed that day.

Finally, it was time for the grand finale. A spotlight shone on the stage and there was a drumroll. Then a platform lowered, and standing on it, was my groom, the love of my life, the greatest showman since P.T. Barnum. I heard the opening notes of "I Did It My way" and Adam began to sing. By the way, Adam sings very well. He had changed one thing this time around -the lyrics to his song. Adam looked straight at me and sang, "We did it our way."

Out came three showgirls with the feathers and the beads and the whole nine yards. I realized that while they all looked fabulous, they had to be at least in their mid to late thirties. He had even found the same showgirls!

There was the picture of Adam at thirteen in the background, and as I watched him perform for me, tears rolled down my cheeks. I couldn't have wiped the silly grin off my face even if I had wanted to. The whole time, he sang directly to me.

When he finished, we all gave him a standing ovation and he asked me to come up on the stage with him. When I got there, I gave him a huge hug, and the place filled with "ah's." I took the microphone.

"I have a dream," I started and everyone laughed. Well, everyone who had been at my bat mitzvah anyway. "Seriously, though. I did have a dream, and I had it many times. And he was in it." My voice broke and the tears started flowing again. "And now my dream is coming true." Adam leaned down and kissed me, and we both got a standing ovation.

After spending some more time with all of our guests, we finally went back to our room. I know a lot of people would have at least spent the night before the wedding apart, but Adam and I didn't want to be apart ever again. We talked until late, and then fell asleep in each other's arms.

Chapter Nineteen

We woke up early and went off to our respective changing suites. The mothers and Adam's sisters were there along with Gabrielle, Jessica and Beth. I took a bubble bath and then started the process of getting ready. A hairdresser came in along with a woman to do my make-up. I was pampered and prettied up, as befitted a bride on her wedding day. Everything was going smoothly, and exactly as planned, when a knock came at the door. Hannah went over to answer. The next thing I knew, the mothers were at the door too and I started getting nervous.

"What's going on?" I asked.

"Nothing to worry about, Lily," my mother replied. "Rabbi Stein has food poisoning, but they're going to find a replacement."

"Nothing to worry about?! We have no rabbi." Okay, now, I was panicking - my perfect wedding, the wedding I had fought for, the wedding that I had planned meticulously, the wedding Adam had sexed himself to exhaustion for, and there was nobody to marry us.

"Don't worry, honey," Jess said, and she and Gab and Beth came over to comfort me.

"Yeah, this is Las Vegas," Beth said reassuringly. "With all of the weddings here, there have to be plenty of rabbis."

"They're keeping us updated, dear," Mrs. Roth said soothingly.

Everyone went back to helping me get ready, but there was an air of nervous tension in the room. Finally, there was another knock on the door and the mothers went over to answer. After a quick conversation, my mother turned to me.

"See, nothing to worry about. Mr. Jonathan found a replacement, and Rabbi Stein is doing well." I breathed a sigh of relief.

Not long after, it was time for me to go to my receiving room to sit on my bridal throne. The mothers stood on either side of me and led me there. When I entered the room, I saw a beautifully decorated chair, with flowers and ribbons affixed to it. I went and sat down and all my female guests came and surrounded me, telling me funny stories and making me smile. I felt like a fairy princess. Hell, I felt like a queen! It was just like I had always imagined it would be. Everything seemed surreal. I couldn't believe this was actually happening to me. My stomach was tied in knots, and I was feeling a little lightheaded, although that might have been because I hadn't eaten breakfast that morning.

After a little while, I heard male voices and laughter, and they sounded like they were coming our way. I knew what it meant. Adam was leading the men in procession to come and claim me as his bride and veil me. My heart started pounding like a jackhammer and my mouth went dry. I tensed and waited for what would be one of the most romantic moments of my entire life. Then, I saw Adam come through the door escorted by our fathers and I just smiled with wonder and joy.

He stopped in his tracks when he saw me and just stared, looking mesmerized. I stared too. He wore a tuxedo and a white yarmulke on his head and I had never seen anyone ever look so amazingly handsome. It was the moment I had dreamed about and it was perfect. While it lasted. And then the replacement rabbi entered the room.

"Hello there, everyone! I'm Rabbi David Epstein, but you can call me Rabbi Dave."

"Why are you dressed like Elvis?" I asked numbly.

"Now now, don't get all shook up, little lady, I have a show right after this. That's my other job. I've got my yarmulke on." Adam and I were about to be married by an Elvis impersonator.

"Viva Las Vegas," I mumbled, and then I looked over at Adam, and saw he was still staring at me, transfixed. And that was the moment that I realized that the details didn't matter. Nothing mattered except that I was marrying the man who I loved. The Stay Puft Marshmallow Man could marry us and I wouldn't care.

"So, let's get this show on the road," Rabbi Dave said giving me his best Elvis lunge and finger point. "We have the ketubah, that's the marriage contract for anyone who didn't know. And Adam is going to promise to love Lily tender, make her his teddy bear and be her big hunk o' burnin' love. Lily will agree, and hopefully, try not to be a hard headed woman." Somehow, I didn't think that was the exact wording.

Rabbi Dave held up my wedding ring, and pronounced that it was worth at least shekel - apparently that's required. Then, he handed Adam his hanky, and Adam handed it back as a sign that he was ready and willing to sign the ketubah. I signed it too, and Rabbi Dave asked Adam to verify that I was his bride. Adam walked over to me and took my hand, staring deeply into my eyes. It was like time stopped. I saw his lips move as he mouthed the words "so beautiful."

"This is my bride," he said quietly then, and I bit my lip so that I wouldn't cry. My heart was overflowing with emotion. I knew I would always remember that moment. Now, he really had claimed me. Then, he smiled and pulled down my veil to cover my face.

After that, it almost felt like I was watching everything happen from afar. It was just so incredible. I felt like I was floating on air. Our fathers helped Adam put a white coat-like garment over his suit and then it was time.

Everyone went in to take their seats, and Adam's parents went and stood next to him. His mother had tears in her eyes and she hugged him tightly. His father patted him on the back, and then changed his mind, and hugged him too. They led him up the aisle to stand under the marriage canopy where the rabbi waited.

Then it was our turn. I was stunned to see my mother's eyes looking wet.

"You look beautiful," she said, her voice shaking a little.

"I'm glad you're happy," my father added.

I smiled and nodded. Then, they each took an arm and led me to my groom. When I reached him, I circled him seven times to symbolize how our souls would be intertwined, and then, Rabbi Dave began the ceremony. I was trembling with emotion, feelings more powerful than I had ever experienced.

I honestly couldn't tell you all the details, because it was overwhelming, but I know that we said our vows and sipped the wine together and exchanged rings. I know that I had tears of pure, undiluted joy in my eyes, and that Adam had never looked happier, like there was a light shining inside him. Rabbi Dave pronounced us married and Adam unveiled me again. We looked at each other with sheer elation and love, and then he kissed me lightly on the lips and whispered "my wife." The rabbi took a wine glass, wrapped it in a cloth napkin, and put it at Adam's feet. He stomped on it and when it shattered everyone shouted "Mazel Tov!" We had done it. We were married. Oh my God! Adam and I were married!

People threw candy at us, as we practically ran down the aisle. Rabbi Dave explained that it was traditional for the bride and groom to have some time alone then, and they cheered as Adam led me away toward the stairwell.

"Why don't we take the elevator to the suite?" I asked.

"Because we're not going to the suite."

"Where are we ...?" I didn't get to finish the question, because he backed me up against the stairwell wall.

"I made a mistake fourteen years-ago. I want remedy that." And with a smile, he leaned in and kissed me. Just then, I heard the door open and a voice.

"Oh! Sorry!" It was Shari Edelstein. She backed out again.

"You're not going to slap me are you, Roth?" Adam asked with a smile.

"Are you nuts, Roth?" I pulled him back to me and we went back to making out.

The End

