Chapter One

How far can obligation take you? It almost took me to the altar. Marrying the boy you started dating at fifteen is either a fairy tale or insanity. Sean Somers and I started dating our freshman year of high school. We grew up together through a parent's death, a divorce, proms and pregnancy scares. I loved Sean, although a part of me realized there was no passion in our relationship. He was like a trusted confidante, a best friend. But the love of my life? I wasn't so sure.

I assumed that college would be the wedge that would make us drift apart. I had accepted a partial scholarship to the University of Chicago and Sean was staying behind in Maryland to attend the local university. It wasn't for lack of trying that Sean didn't attend the same college as me. However, the University of Chicago had rejected him, and a small secret part of me had been happy. I could start over in Chicago and become a new person. I was tired of being boring Emma Mills; dependable daughter, straight-A student, church volunteer.

However, I had underestimated Sean's persistence and determination. Although we had promised each other that we would call and visit faithfully, Chicago was an expensive plane ride away. I didn't think it would actually happen. I hadn't realized that Sean had been squirreling away his paychecks from his summer jobs, saving enough money to be able to visit me every month.

And college hadn't been what I had expected it to be. I thought I would become a fascinating new person, with exciting friends and adventures around every corner. Instead, I realized I was still the same Emma Mills. I was still dependable. I was still earning straight-A's. I was still volunteering at church.

It became easier to go with what was comfortable. Sean was comfortable. He was dependable, just like me. So when he suggested that I move back to Maryland after graduation and take a job in D.C. so that we could start a life together, I agreed.

For three years, I was tolerably happy. Everyone envied our relationship. We both liked our jobs and enjoyed living right outside of D.C. in an up-and-coming neighborhood in Maryland. We rarely fought and I believed that I would spend the rest of my life with Sean. Therefore, when he proposed to me on my twenty-fourth birthday by stuffing a ring inside my birthday cake, I accepted with glee. My life was proceeding right on track.

But as the wedding day came closer and closer, I started to feel as if I was suffocating. We had our life totally mapped out before us. Sean was an analyst at a prestigious financial firm and was on track for a promotion to manager. I was a marketing executive at an ad agency, and we figured I would work there a few more years until we started having children. Then I would be a stay-at-home mom.

I tried to buy into the vision, but I began to realize that it wasn't the mapped out life that was really bothering me. It was the person I planned on spending that life with.

Sean didn't like to travel. He liked to stay home and watch television. Our sex life had been reduced to a chaste daily kiss with an obligatory roll in the hay once every couple of weeks. He bored me to tears, and I was sure I did the same to him. Yet every time I would question how happy he was in our relationship, he claimed that he was perfectly content.

The further we got into the wedding planning, the more my doubts grew, but it became harder and harder to think about calling it off. I had already sent the invitations out, for Pete's sake. How tacky would it be to have to rescind a wedding invitation? So I went along and picked out our wedding cake, listened to different bands, and had long drawn-out conversations about which caterer to use.

Until my bachelorette party. My girlfriends and I had done the predictable thing and gone to Vegas. We squealed in mortification and delight over the Chippendale dancers, we lost money on the slots and we drank ourselves to oblivion.

On our last night, my best friend Trisha and I were at a club sitting at a table by ourselves while our friends gyrated on the dance floor. She leaned over to me and asked, "Can you believe you're getting married in less than a month?"

My answer was no. I couldn't believe it. I didn't want to believe it. I couldn't spend my whole life being boring, predictable Emma Mills. It was selfish of me. It was horrible of me. But I knew I was saving Sean and myself from a mind-numbingly boring life together.

So I called it off.

The day I got back from Vegas, I sat Sean down in the living room of our apartment. The one we had spent months decorating together by going to estate sales and flea markets, trying to restore pieces of furniture ourselves to save money. It reminded me that for all the dull moments in our life together, there had been sweet moments as well. We were comfortable together. But comfortable wasn't enough for me anymore.

When I had explained why we didn't belong together, that we were no good for each other, Sean had been shocked and devastated. He didn't understand where this was coming from. He thought I had been happy all these years. And a part of me had been happy, but it wasn't enough.

Sean's coaxing and tears weren't enough to sway me. I had made my decision and was sticking to it. As embarrassing as it was to call off the wedding and return all the presents, I was relieved. I felt like I had narrowly escaped.

Now I was furthering my escape by moving to New York City. I had accepted a job as an executive assistant there. It was several steps below my position in D.C., but I was grateful for anything that would get me out of Maryland and away from the scandal of a jilted groom.

I was taking the train to New York since I had sold my car back in Maryland. I had no need for a car in New York and all my belongings fit into two big suitcases. Sean and I had broken the lease on our apartment and sold all our furniture, splitting the profits, so I was literally traveling with all my belongings. It felt freeing.

I was moving in with Claire Ranson, the daughter of a family friend who had been living in New York for a few years. Claire was an aspiring actress with a revolving door of roommates since they were also mostly actors and tended to go where the jobs took them. We had already talked on the phone several times and I was excited to meet her in person.

The train conductor called out the impending stop of Penn Station and I felt a quiver of excitement go through me. Finally, at the age of twenty-five, I was going to make a different life for myself. I was going to become a new person and embrace everything New York had to offer.

Before the train even came to a halt, people were jumping out of their seats to rush off the train, haphazardly pulling their suitcases from the overhead baggage compartments. I looked up at my two large worn and unfashionably burgundy-colored suitcases with resignation. Having never traveled much, I hadn't owned much luggage. I had bought these suitcases at a second-hand store when I made the decision to move to New York and had stuffed them to the brim.

Now I was unsure as to how I was going to get them down and lug them all the way to the East Village, where my new apartment was. When I had boarded the train, a nice man had helped me put them overhead, but he was long gone. I grimaced in determination and grabbed a handle to pull them down. The new Emma Mills was independent, a go-getter. She could handle anything, least of all two suitcases.

The thought was fleeting, as the first suitcase came crashing down. I wasn't able to support the weight of it, and it slammed into the aisle with a loud thud. Well, that was one way to do it. Reminding myself that I had nothing fragile in my suitcases, I hauled down the second suitcase using the same method.

I was finally able to lug the suitcases off the train and navigated my way around the station, pulling them behind me on their little worn wheels. I caught flashes of designer luggage and imagined I looked a sight with my huge shabby suitcases and disheveled hair. It really was true that New York was full of beautiful people, even in the train station.

Shrugging off those thoughts, I maneuvered the two suitcases up the escalator and squinted as I got my first sight of the city as a New Yorker. I had visited New York once before with my parents when I was in middle school but it was a fuzzy memory. Now I was one of them; one of those people rushing around with important things to do. If I was aware that I stuck out like a sore thumb, standing on the sidewalk and gawking at the view, I didn't let it bother me. New York was for everyone. And I was everyone.

Hailing a cab was easier than I thought since they were lined up outside the station. I had been prepared to step out into the street with bravado and hail a cab with a casual wave of the hand, like I had seen Carrie Bradshaw do so many times. But my Sex in the City moment would have to wait.

"Where to?" the cabbie asked brusquely after he threw my suitcases into the trunk and slid back into the driver's seat.

"1st avenue between 8th and 9th street." I had practiced that line beforehand, not wanting to seem green and having the cabbie drive me through Brooklyn to take advantage of an unsuspecting out-of-towner.

The cab driver barely nodded as he sped away from the curb. I watched the crowded sidewalks, feeling a thrill go through me. Everyone seemed to be walking with purpose, coffee cups in hand and an air of determination. I, Emma Mills, was now a New Yorker.

My first experience as a New Yorker was trying not to throw up as the cabbie made abrupt stops and weaved his way in and out of traffic as if we were in a video game. I had to hold on to the door handle to prevent myself from being thrown against the plastic partition. By the time the cab stopped on my street, I was taking deep breaths and willing myself not to regurgitate the bagel I had eaten that morning.

The cabbie dropped my bags on the sidewalk after I had paid him and took off. I looked up at my apartment building, feeling a bit of trepidation at the dilapidated sight before me. The building looked worn and outdated, obviously not having been well maintained. Claire had emailed me pictures of the inside of the apartment and it had looked cute and cozy. I hadn't seen the crumbling brick on the outside or the steps that were in desperate need of repair.

I took a deep breath, reminding myself that the new Emma Mills took all these things in stride. With that thought, I pressed the buzzer to apartment 4C.

"Hello?" said a female voice.

"Claire? It's Emma. I made it!"

"Great! I'll buzz you up! Do you need help with your bags?"

I paused, looking down at my gigantic suitcases. I definitely needed help, but the last thing I wanted was to have my new roommate lug them upstairs.

"No, I'm fine. See you in a sec!"

The front door buzzed and I pushed it open, dragging my suitcases behind me. Looking at the stairs before me, I figured it would take more than a second to get upstairs. The apartment was a walk-up and I wasn't relishing having to drag the suitcases up three flights of stairs.

By the time I made it to the fourth floor, sweat was dripping off me as if I had just run a marathon. Since it was a warm May afternoon, the corridors of the apartment building were hot and muggy.

The door to 4C was ajar and a gorgeous girl with long blonde hair and stunning blue eyes was looking at me with her mouth open.

"Oh my God! How did you lug those things up by yourself?! You should have told me you needed help!"

She stepped out from the doorway and grabbed the handle of one of the suitcases. Her attempt to lift it was laughable. The cheap plastic sides of the suitcase strained up with her effort, but remained unmoved.

"Pull," I wheezed as I tried to catch my breath, the exertion of dragging my luggage up the stairs taking its toll. I waved towards the bottom of the suitcase and was able to sputter out, "Wheels."

Claire took my direction and started pulling the suitcase towards her and inside the apartment. After we managed to drag the suitcases inside, we both plopped down on the couch.

"Well," I said after I caught my breath. "That was an inauspicious introduction. I guess I should say nice to meet you."

Claire laughed as she sat up on the couch. "I'd give you a welcome hug, but I have to admit that I'd rather settle for a welcome handshake."

I looked down at my sweat-drenched t-shirt and jeans that were sticking to my legs like wet cement. "I don't blame you, I'm a mess."

Claire grinned as she swept her hand, indicating the apartment. "Welcome to your new home."

Even though we had only talked on the phone, Claire and I had immediately hit it off. She was a year younger than I was and seemed as laid back as I was buttoned up. I decided that I would definitely let her rub off on me.

I surveyed the apartment, pleased that it looked just like the pictures she had sent me. The living room was small but comfortably furnished with a few knickknacks and pictures. The kitchen was more of a wall with a counter and appliances lined up against it rather than a separate room. A small breakfast table separated the kitchen from the living room. I knew the bedrooms were small too, but my room came furnished so I had one less thing to worry about.

The main feature that I had loved about the apartment was the small balcony off the living room. I stood up to look out the sliding glass doors. It looked out onto 1st Avenue and I could see people hanging out on their stoops.

"I love it!" I said with enthusiasm as I turned my head to look at Claire. "I can't believe I'm finally here. I always dreamed of living in New York, but now it's actually a reality."

"I'm happy you're here. The last roommate I had snored so loud that I could hear her through the bedroom wall. The only thing that saved me was stockpiling earplugs."

Claire rose and stood next to me, peering out the sliding glass window as well. She was much taller than I was with a willowy figure. I figured she had to be about five nine even without any shoes since she was barefoot. With my dark brown hair that was escaping my messy ponytail and a figure that had hips showing my love of junk food, I felt squat and average next to her.

But I wasn't here to compete for attention. The last thing I wanted to do after having just broken off my engagement was to start dating again. This time was for me, to establish myself as the person I had always imagined I could be. And I was grateful that I wasn't doing it alone. From our phone conversations, I already felt as though Claire was a friend.

"Let me show you your bedroom."

Claire opened one of three doors off the living room, ushering me inside. "I know it's small but mine's the same size. I barely spend any time in mine anyway."

"It's perfect," I said, looking around the room. And it was. Even though it was small and cramped, it was mine. I could do whatever I wanted to it without having to check with someone else to see if they were okay with it. I still thought of Sean every now and then, and a part of me missed him. He had been a part of my life for ten years and I still loved him and wanted the best for him. As dull as I had found Sean in our relationship, he had always been kind and considerate. He was a good person. I was the one that had changed the rules mid-game.

After Claire showed me the bathroom and helped me lug my suitcases into my room, she plopped down on my bed. I was grateful that she seemed to consider me a new friend, instead of someone just sleeping in the next room. As excited as I was to start my new life, it made it a lot less scary to have a ready-made friend.

"So, what do you want to do on your first official day as a New Yorker?"

I practically jumped up and down in excitement. "I don't know. Maybe we can just walk around and explore the neighborhood. I can't even think about unpacking right now."

"Sure. I'll show you around the 'hood, and then we can stop by Max's Tavern. It's a bar a couple of blocks away."

I looked at myself in the mirror that was above the dresser in my bedroom and grimaced. "Let me try to make myself look like a human being first. My hair looks like I stuck my finger in an outlet."

Claire laughed as she walked out of my room. "Sure, take your time."

I opened one of my suitcases and fished out my toiletries as well as a fresh pair of jeans and a tank top. Claire was flipping through a magazine when I made my way into the bathroom. It was a relief to change into clothes that weren't sticking to me. It was even more of a relief to wash off the grime of traveling from my face and put on fresh make-up.

"Tada," I announced as I stepped out of the bathroom. "This is as good as it's going to get today, but at least I don't feel gross anymore."

"You look fine," Claire replied as she dropped the magazine and stood. She was wearing shorts that accentuated just how long her legs were and a cute little tee that looked like it was sized for a toddler. It was a good thing that Claire was such a nice girl. It could be easy to be jealous of someone so effortlessly gorgeous.

Claire took me to all her local haunts and she seemed to know everyone on a first name basis. She had that easy charm that made everyone want to smile and talk to her. Claire was a good guide, explaining the different neighborhoods in New York and showing me where all the important places were, like the nearest grocery store and pharmacy. It was exciting just to walk around and soak up the atmosphere. And the East Village had plenty of atmosphere. It was a little grittier and a little dirtier than the New York I had seen through Carrie Bradshaw's eyes, but it didn't make me love it any less.

We walked over to Union Square and wandered through the farmer's market, stopping to buy cups of cold apple cider to quench our thirst. We sat down on a bench to take a break and watch the people walking by.

"So how do you like your new neighborhood so far?" Claire asked, leaning back on the bench.

"I know I keep saying I love everything, but I do. I love it. It's so different from Maryland, or even D.C. It sounds cliched, but it just seems so alive. I feel like I can be a different person here."

Claire raised her eyebrows. "What's wrong with the person you are now?"

I sighed as I thought it over. Claire's mother was friends with mine through some women's charity group back in Maryland, so I was sure Claire knew about the failed engagement. We both came from Merrittsville, a small town in Maryland, although we had never met growing up since Claire had gone to boarding school. In Merrittsville, my running off had apparently been breaking news.

"Well, you know about Sean and me, right?" I continued when Claire nodded. "It's not that I didn't love him. I did love him. I mean, I still do. It just wasn't the right kind of love. It wasn't the kind of love that made me excited to see him, the kind that made me miss him when we were apart. We were together since we were fifteen years old, and not once did I get butterflies around him. I mean, I liked Sean and I was attracted to him. I used to think that was enough. Now I know it isn't."

"Well..." Claire said, drawing out the word. "I can understand that. But what does that have to do with you being a different person?"

"The person that was resigned to living a life with no passion was boring. She followed all the rules, did all the right things. She almost got married to someone just because everyone expected it, including herself."

I turned to Claire. "I can't be that person anymore. I'm not sure who I'm going to be now, but I know I'm definitely not going to be her."

Claire gave me a small smile. "There's nothing wrong with trying to change things you don't like about yourself, but I don't think you need to wipe the slate clean. I know we've only talked on the phone a few times and we just met today, but the Emma Mills I know seems pretty okay."

I looked up at the trees overhead, the branches swaying with the slight breeze. I didn't want to be just pretty okay. I wanted to be someone that would make my mark in this world.

I laughed as I turned back to Claire, shaking off my serious thoughts. "Enough with all this heavy talk. You'd think I was going through an identity crisis or something. Tell me about you. You're in a Broadway show now, right?"

Claire gave a wry smile. "It's so off-Broadway that even saying it's off-off-Broadway would be a stretch. But it's a great role in a play about a woman who can't decide between two men in her life and how she figures out who to choose."

"And you play the woman?"

Claire nodded. "It's playing in a small theater not too far from our apartment. That's what I mean about it being so off-Broadway. You should come see it sometime. It runs every Friday and Saturday night."

"I'd love to come see it! My first show in New York!"

Claire laughed at my excited expression. "Don't get your hopes up. We don't come out singing and wearing cat masks."

I scrunched up my nose in protest. "I've never even seen Cats."

Claire took the last sip of her apple cider and crumpled up her cup. "What about you? When do you start your new job?"

"Tomorrow, bright and early," I groaned. I had tried to come a few days earlier, but my mother had insisted that I stay in Maryland until the last possible second. She feared that I was going to be raped and killed in some alleyway of New York. When I explained to her that New York didn't have any alleys, she had changed the scenario to a gutter. As a result, I didn't leave until Sunday morning and now I only had one glorious afternoon and evening until Monday.

"Where's your office?"

"It's on Lexington and 45th," I answered. "Is that easy to get to from our place?"

"You're lucky. Since it's on the east side, you can just take the green line up."

I bit my lip as I thought about the complicated subway map I had perused for hours before. "I've mapped my route out already. I have it memorized since I obsessed about it so much. I'm just paranoid that I'll take the wrong subway and end up in Queens or something."

"Relax," Claire said laughing. "The subway system is super easy. I'll go over it with you later." She gave me a wink. "Queens isn't such a bad place to go anyways. It has some killer Indian food."

"I love Indian food." I frowned as I thought about it. "Actually, I love all food. That's the problem."

"I don't think you have anything to worry about," she replied, glancing at me. "Curvy is in." I couldn't help but feel a little embarrassed at her perusal. I would never boldly look someone over and comment on their figure.

"Thanks, I guess."

Claire laughed loudly. "It was supposed to be a compliment. You have a tiny waist and great curves. That's a good thing."

I relaxed although I didn't agree. I would kill to be tall and thin like Claire. Oh well, I guess we couldn't all be ravishing beauties. I gave myself a mental shake at my thoughts. This wasn't the time to compare myself to others and find myself lacking. The new Emma Mills was confident and secure in herself, body image included.

"Well, this curvy broad would love something harder than apple cider. Didn't you mention a bar near our apartment?"

Claire jumped up, throwing her crumpled cup in a nearby trash can. "Max's Tavern. I go there most Sundays. It's a laid back bar and a great place to just hang out. Let's go."

We walked back to our neighborhood at a leisurely pace, enjoying the last rays of the Sunday afternoon.

"This is it," Claire said as we reached a bar with dark wood paneling on the front. Max's Tavern looked like it had been there since before prohibition, looking well worn, but still gleaming with obvious care. "This isn't a hipster bar, but that's why I like it."

The bar was decently full when we stepped inside and Claire waved at the bartender, calling out a greeting. Of course she would know the bartender.

"There they are," Claire said as she grabbed my arm, dragging me over to a table that was already occupied. There were two guys and one girl sitting there and they smiled when they caught sight of Claire. The girl was a replica of Claire, except she was the dark-haired version. With flowing dark brown hair and large hazel eyes, I was beginning to think that I was going to get a complex. I guess that's what happened when you hung out with actors.

The guys were nothing to sneeze at either. One was blond and stocky, bulging with muscles that were clearly evident from his tight t-shirt. His nose looked as if it had been broken a few times, but instead of detracting from his appearance, it added to his rugged masculine good looks.

The other guy sitting at the table was movie-star handsome. His dark brown hair was a little shaggy, but instead of making him look unkempt, it added to his appeal, making him seem boyishly charming. His nose looked as if it had never come close to being broken and his dimples were in clear view as he smiled at our approach. He wasn't muscle bound like his friend, but his lean frame was more appealing. More my type.

I shook my head at the thought. I hadn't moved to New York to fall into another relationship. This was my time to figure out what I wanted to do with my life. Besides, who was I kidding? This man before me was way too beautiful for comfort. With Claire and the leggy brunette around, I was sure I wouldn't have to worry about him being overly interested in me.

"Hi, guys," Claire said as she approached the table. "This is Emma. She's my new roommate, the one I told you about." She turned to me as she made introductions. "Emma, this is Jackson, Nathan and Mia."

I smiled as everyone greeted me enthusiastically. Jackson, the Grecian god who apparently had manners as well, pulled over two chairs from another table for us.

"Hi, Emma. How do you like New York so far?" Mia asked as we sat down. She was smiling widely and despite being drop-dead gorgeous, she seemed sincere and friendly. I had to stop equating beauty with cattiness. It was just as bad as someone judging me for not having legs that went on for miles.

"I love it!" I couldn't seem to stop gushing about my new city. Maybe the pretty new sheen of it would wear off after awhile, but at the moment, I was still enjoying the novelty of it all. "Claire's been taking me around the neighborhood and showing me around. I can't believe I'm finally here."

"You moved up from Maryland, right?" Jackson asked, looking genuinely inquisitive. I found it hard to look directly at him. It was like looking directly at the sun and I almost needed to squint my eyes against his good looks. I really needed to get a handle on myself.

"Yup. I grew up there and was living near D.C. for a while. It's so different from New York."

"What made you decide to move up here?" Mia asked, unknowingly bringing up an uncomfortable topic. The last thing I wanted to do was spill my messy history to strangers.

"I just felt like a change of pace. I've lived in the Maryland and D.C. area my whole life, except for when I went to college in Chicago. I thought it was time for something different."

The waitress came over to take our drink orders, interrupting the conversation.

"Hi, Claire. What do you want?"

"I'll take a Yuengling." Claire turned to me. "Maggie, this is my new roommate, Emma. She just got into town today."

Maggie, who looked about our age, gave me a wide smile. "Welcome! Hopefully you'll become a regular here just like these guys. I can't seem to peel them out of those seats most Sundays."

"Thanks, Maggie. I'm not sure if I can measure up when it comes to drinking. Two beers and I'm on the floor. And on that note, I'll take a Yuengling too."

As Maggie walked away to get our beers, Nathan slammed his hand down on the table, startling me, but he just grinned at me. "Now that's what I like. A cheap date. How come every girl I meet can drink me under the table?" He patted his pocket. "It hurts me right here."

Claire rolled her eyes. "And they said chivalry was dead."

"It's not dead. It was just trampled on by unappreciative women." Nathan was attempting to sound lighthearted, but I could hear a trace of seriousness in his tone.

Jackson leaned in, quirking his mouth. "Don't pay attention to Nathan. He got dumped recently and he's still processing through his 'women are evil' phase."

"Sorry to hear that, Nathan," I said sympathetically, happy that I hadn't fueled the fire by revealing I had broken my engagement less than a month before the wedding.

Nathan sighed dramatically, crossing his arms against his chest. "I should've seen it coming. When Sandy told me she wanted to take tennis lessons, I should've stopped it."

"Nathan, how many times do I have to tell you?" Claire groaned. Maggie came back with the beers and she paused to take a long swig. "Sandy didn't cheat on you just because she hired a tennis instructor. She cheated on you because she's a skank."

Nathan shook his head emphatically. "Nope. It was the tennis instructor. He was some European douchebag who charmed her with his accent. If it wasn't for him, we'd still be together." He turned abruptly to Jackson who had been listening to the conversation with a half-grin on his face. "If you start dating a girl, don't let her take tennis lessons, especially from a douchebag European instructor."

I tried to suppress a laugh, but unfortunately, it caused me to snort loudly. Everyone at the table looked at me, Jackson with amused raised eyebrows and Nathan with a frown.

I nodded vigorously, wanting to appease Nathan. "I agree. No European douchebag tennis teachers."

Nathan nodded in satisfaction, while the rest of the table laughed.

"Poor Nathan," Mia said sympathetically, patting him on the hand. "He can't pass a tennis court without getting all worked up."

"It's been three months," Claire said, apparently not sharing the sympathy. "How long are you going to pine after her?"

I saw Mia give Claire a warning look, to which Claire just shrugged. Claire didn't seem to have any patience for Nathan's moping about his ex-girlfriend, which was at odds with my earlier impression of her. She seemed so laid back that her lack of patience with Nathan was surprising.

Nathan seemed to deflate at Claire's words, falling back against his chair with a defeated look. I felt bad for him, even though I had just met him. And a part of me felt a little guilty too. Although I had never cheated on Sean, I could see his crestfallen expression in Nathan's face.

"It's okay, three months isn't that long," I offered, wanting to comfort him while trying to lighten the mood. "When my fifth grade boyfriend dumped me for Shelly Dupree because she had a swimming pool and her mom made amazing cookies, I was still poking pins into a doll with a picture of his face on it in sixth grade."

Claire shot me a look that I didn't understand, making me feel uncomfortable. I didn't know the dynamics of this group yet and hadn't really thought about her reaction when trying to comfort Nathan. I hadn't meant to contradict her, but she had seemed a little harsh towards Nathan.

"Remind me never to cross you," Jackson said, seemingly wanting to lighten the mood as well. "I'd hate to think of you having a doll that looks like me and doing some voodoo magic on it."

"Don't worry," I laughed. "I only save that for serious transgressions. Don't ever jilt me for some floozy with a pool and chocolate chip cookies and we'll be fine."

Jackson grinned at me widely, his dimples in full view, and I blinked at him, nonplussed. I hadn't meant to imply that there would ever be anything between us for there to be a possibility of being jilted, but Jackson just seemed amused by it.

"Speaking of being jilted," Claire said, interrupting my thoughts. "Do you still talk to Sean?"

I paled as Claire cocked her head, looking at me innocently. Her question had taken me aback, making me tense and confused. I didn't understand why Claire was bringing up Sean. It felt like an attack, like she was punishing me for disagreeing with her. This didn't seem like the girl that had been so likable on the phone and had shown me around today, treating me like a friend instead of just a roommate.

"Uh, not really," I replied, my mouth dry. I saw Mia and Nathan look at me with interest while Jackson glanced at Claire with a frown.

"Who's Sean?" Mia asked, seemingly oblivious to the growing tension.

"He's my ex. We broke up recently, but he's back in Maryland."

"Enough of all this depressing talk," Claire said smiling at me. I looked back at her confused. I could have sworn that she had meant her comment about Sean as a dig, but now she was looking at me guilelessly. "No more talk of exes. Let's talk about something more interesting. Mia, how did your audition for that commercial go?"

Mia sighed. "Okay, I guess. It's just so tiring going to all these casting calls for jobs that I have absolutely no interest in. But I need to pay the bills somehow."

"Mia is actually a trained ballerina, but she decided to throw out her pointe shoes for the life of an actress," Claire explained. I gave myself a mental shake. Claire seemed completely friendly and open now. I wondered if I had just misunderstood her earlier comments. I decided to forget about it. The last thing I wanted to do was alienate my roommate and one friend in New York.

"A ballerina. That's impressive. I took ballet when I was a little kid, but I kept ripping off my tutu and running around instead of going into first position, so they asked my parents to withdraw me from class." I smiled ruefully. "I think that was a polite way of kicking me out of class."

Mia laughed. "I got a little further than that, but I realized I didn't want the life of a ballerina. Plus I like to eat." She frowned before continuing, "Although the life of an aspiring actress isn't that much better. I spend most of my time working at the Mac counter in Bloomingdale's and going on casting calls. I haven't had much luck."

I looked around the table. "Are all of you actors?"

"Not me," Nathan answered. "I'm a painter. I'm having a showing at a small gallery next weekend. You should come."

"Wow, a painter," I said, impressed. "Everyone here seems so creative. I would love to come to your showing." I turned to Jackson. "What about you? What do you do?"

Jackson still looked a bit unsettled by the earlier conversation and Claire's gibe, but his face cleared at my question. "I'm one of the masses of struggling actors too, which means I spend my days working as a trainer at a gym while I wait for my big break."

"Jackson is actually in the play that I was telling you about," Claire said. She smirked as she glanced at Jackson. "He's one of the two men vying for my hand in marriage."

"I'm looking forward to seeing it," I said. "So, do you end up with the girl or not?"

Jackson grinned, his green eyes sparkling. It was getting easier and easier to look at him for longer periods of time. His gorgeousness was taking a backseat to his open friendliness.

"You'll have to find out for yourself. I can't give away the ending. It'll ruin the show for you."

"What about you?" Mia asked. "What do you do? Do you have a job here yet?"

"Fortunately, I got a job before I moved up here. I'm an executive assistant at Mass Communications, a marketing firm. Unfortunately, it's not really want I want to be doing, but for now it's a paycheck, so I'm happy about that."

"Emma was a marketing exec at an ad agency in D.C.," Claire said, surprising me with the pride in her voice. "I'm sure she'll move up in the ranks at her company in no time."

"Thanks for the vote of confidence, but for now I'll be happy if I'm able to answer the phone and make copies without messing up."

"I'm sure you'll be a master copier and phone answerer in no time," Jackson said with a wink.

"Just what I always dreamed of being as a little girl," I replied with a wry grin.

"So you and Claire grew up in the same town?" Mia asked.

I took a sip of my beer and nodded. I really was a lightweight and had been nursing my drink, but I saw Nathan motion to Maggie for another round. I was going to have to be careful around this group. Drinking more than a couple of drinks always made me a little more animated than I wanted to be.

"Our mothers are friends through a charity group in our town. It's a typical small town where everyone knows each other's business." I smiled ruefully. "It's fantastic."

"I went to boarding school, so Emma and I never met before," Claire added.

"It really was a lucky break that Claire was looking for a roommate at the same time I was looking to move here," I said. "Do you guys live around here?"

"Nathan and I are roommates and we live over on 2nd Ave and 1st," Mia answered. I was surprised that they lived together, but I reminded myself this was New York, not Merrittsville where coed roommates would have raised eyebrows.

"I live around here too," Jackson chimed in. "Over on 14th and 3rd Ave."

Claire stretched, raising her arms above her head and arching her back. "I need a smoke. Anyone want to join me?"

Nathan and Mia both chimed in with wanting to take a cigarette break. Nathan groaned about having to go outside to smoke, since it wasn't allowed inside bars in New York.

"Do you smoke?" Mia asked as they got up.

"No," I replied. "I tried it once in high school and threw up afterwards. That's about as illicit as my substance history goes."

Nathan slapped Jackson on the back. "You finally have someone to keep you company while we blacken our lungs."

Jackson grinned. "Finally, another non-smoker. I've spent half my life waiting for these guys while they smoke outside."

As the smokers filed outside, I was increasingly nervous about being left alone with Jackson. I felt a little gauche in his presence. He looked to be about my age, but he seemed so much more self-possessed and confident. Never mind that he was too damn good-looking.

"So, Emma Mills," Jackson said, leaning back in his chair. "Tell me about yourself."

"Well, you already know I don't smoke, I suck at ballet and I practice voodoo on the side. What more could you possibly want to know about me?"

Jackson laughed, the vibrations of his chuckles sending excited shivers down my spine. I could imagine that low laugh in a different setting. A dark seductive setting that included a bed.

I cleared my throat, trying to chase those thoughts away.

"How long have you been a trainer?" I asked, congratulating myself for my steady voice.

Maggie came over with the fresh round and Jackson thanked her before answering.

"Just a couple of years. I fell into it because I had a lot of free time since my acting jobs were so sporadic. I spent a lot of it working out at Peak Fitness, a gym around here. They were looking for more trainers and they approached me. I just had to take a few classes and pass an exam to be certified, and there you have it. I was a trainer."

"Well, you do look like you're in a good shape," I said, giving his body an appreciative glance. I laughed a little self-consciously at my bold once-over. "Of course, that's purely from an objective viewpoint of someone who's assessing your trainer skills."

"Of course," Jackson agreed with a smile. "You should stop by the gym sometime. I can give you some free trial sessions."

I groaned. "Me and working out do not gel. I always wished I was one of those people who actually enjoyed working out, but sadly, exercising is akin to physical torture for me."

Jackson grinned. "Maybe you just haven't had the right trainer. I can make exercising lots of fun." He glanced down at me, in much the same way I had given him the once-over. I flushed at his perusal. "Although I'd say there's not much to improve on."

I burst out laughing. "You really are a good actor. I'm not sure whether to be flattered or suspicious. If this is your tactic for getting new clients, you must be an awfully popular trainer."

"Come see for yourself. Peak Fitness is just over on 2nd Avenue between 12th and 13th Street. I work most weekday evenings except Friday, and some Saturday and Sunday afternoons."

Jackson pulled his cell phone from his pocket. "Give me your number. I can text you my schedule."

"Um, okay," I said, unsure whether Jackson was being friendly or if he was interested in me. Although I had told myself that I wasn't looking for a relationship right now, I wasn't dumb enough to pass on someone like Jackson. He was funny and gorgeous. You didn't meet funny and gorgeous guys who took an interest in you every day. Besides, who said it had to be something serious? I had just come out of a ten-year relationship. This could just be something fun.

Besides, maybe he was just being friendly. I didn't want to embarrass myself by protesting when all he wanted to be was my friend. Or my new trainer.

After Jackson programmed my number into his phone, he started reciting his. I quickly fumbled for my phone in my purse to enter his number.

"R-e-y-n-a-r-d."

"What?" I had no idea why Jackson was spelling.

"My last name. To put in your phone."

I laughed. "Are you always this forward with giving out your phone number?"

Jackson grinned. "I'm always available for my clients. That's how dedicated I am to my job."

Before I could answer, Claire, Nathan and Mia filed back in. I saw Claire give Jackson and I an assessing look, and I had to squelch the compulsion to quickly stuff my cell phone back into my purse. It hadn't seemed as though there was anything going on between Claire and Jackson, but I made a mental note to ask her about it later. The last thing I wanted to do was tread on her territory.

Nathan took a long swig of the fresh beer Maggie had set down on the table while they were gone.

"So what have you two been talking about?" Claire asked as she took a more delicate sip of her own beer.

"Jackson was telling me about being a trainer," I replied. "Actually, he was trying to convince me to become one of his clients. He doesn't realize that my definition of working out is pressing the buttons on a TV remote."

Mia laughed. "Jackson is in high demand as a trainer. You should see the gaggle of women that gawk at him while he's working out."

"Now, Mia," Jackson lectured playfully. "You're going to give Emma the wrong idea. I'm a dedicated trainer that would never take advantage of potential clients."

"Riiight," Mia said sarcastically. "And I actually think that fuchsia is a color that works on everyone. That's at least what I tell everyone when they come to my make-up counter."

"Jackson is a really good trainer," Claire said. "If you're going to hire a trainer, he's a good choice. He's helped me a lot with strengthening and elongating my muscles."

Maybe I had just imagined Claire's earlier look. She didn't seem perturbed at all by the thought of Jackson being my trainer.

"Hold on," I said. "I'm not planning on getting a trainer. I'm not even planning on joining a gym. Not anytime soon, at least. I have to work on getting a paycheck before I start spending it, even if it's for an amazing trainer with clients chasing after him."

Jackson gave me a dazzling smile. I started to question whether the second beer was a good idea. I felt a little woozy looking at Jackson's smile and I was sure the alcohol had something to do with it.

"Remember, the first few sessions are free, and I can get you a free trial membership at the gym for a couple of weeks."

"We'll see," I replied with a noncommittal smile. I checked my watch and frowned at the time. As much as I had enjoyed meeting Claire's friends, my first day of work was looming over me and I hadn't unpacked. The last thing I wanted was to be unprepared for tomorrow.

"I should get going. I haven't unpacked and I want to obsess a little more about my first day of work tomorrow."

"I'll go with you," Claire said. "I'm exhausted."

I reached for my purse to get money for my beers when Jackson stopped me.

"Don't worry about it," he said with an easy smile. "The least I can do is buy you a couple of beers as a welcome-to-town gesture."

"Are you sure?" I asked hesitatingly. I wasn't sure how comfortable I felt with someone I had just met picking up my tab.

"Of course," Jackson said. He glanced at Claire, quirking his mouth. "You too, of course."

"Thanks, Jackson," Claire said breezily.

"It was nice meeting you, Emma," Mia chirped. "I'm sure we'll be hanging out a lot, now that you're in town."

"Thanks, it was nice meeting you all too," I replied with a smile. I felt lucky that not only did I have a friend in Claire, but it also seemed that she was willing to take me into her circle. I glanced at Jackson. "Thanks again for the beers."

"No problem," he replied.

"See ya, Ems," Nathan said with a smile. "Don't forget my art show next week."

"I can't wait."

It was already dark when Claire and I stepped outside, but it was still warm.

"Thanks for introducing me to your friends," I said as we started walking the few blocks home.

"Of course," Claire replied easily. "I know how hard it can be to move to a new town not knowing anyone. I was lucky because I met Jackson in an acting class the first month I moved here and he introduced me to Nathan and Mia. We've all been friends ever since."

I took the opening, wanting to make sure that I wasn't stepping on any toes.

"Is there anything between you and Jackson?" I asked, flushing a little at my question.

Claire gave me a mischievous grin. "Why do you ask?"

I flushed deeper and gave an awkward laugh. "Just wondering. He was probably just being friendly, but he seemed a little flirty and I wanted to make sure that I wasn't overstepping any boundaries."

Claire laughed. "Don't worry. Jackson and I went out on a few dates when we first met, but that was three years ago. We found out that we were better off as friends."

I felt relief at her answer. I hadn't realized how worried I had been that there was something between them.

"So feel free to pursue away," Claire continued.

"Oh, I'm not saying I want to pursue him," I said hastily. "I just wanted to make sure I wasn't stepping on any toes. It was just innocent flirting."

"Okay," she replied in a tone that said she didn't believe me. "But if Jackson shows interest in you, I wouldn't dismiss it. He's a great catch."

I nodded but didn't say anything else. I was too busy wondering if the new Emma Mills was going to have her first fling.

Chapter Two

Figuring out the subway system the next day was a lot easier than I had thought. As promised, Claire had spent some time going over the map with me when we got home from Max's Tavern and I was able to navigate it with much more confidence than I had anticipated.

Nervous that I would be late on my first day, I left much earlier than necessary and arrived at work an hour early. Sitting in a Starbucks down the street and feeling jittery, I wished I hadn't left so early.

I checked my watch and saw that I had ten more minutes left to wait so that I would arrive at work fifteen minutes early. I figured fifteen minutes said I was responsible but not overeager. My boss didn't need to know that I had been waiting at Starbucks for over half an hour.

I took another sip of my coffee and checked my outfit to make sure that nothing was awry. I had dressed in what I thought looked professional, yet trendy. My slim black pants and black heels made my legs look longer than they were. I had paired it with a crisp white oxford shirt and a wide grey belt that I hoped accentuated my narrow waist. I had fought to smooth down my hair, since it wanted to go in all different directions due to the humidity.

I drained the last of the coffee and checked my watch for the millionth time, relieved to see that it was time to go. I threw away my coffee cup and straightened my shirt, taking in a deep breath. I just hoped I liked my boss.

After making the short walk to my building and checking in with security, I went up the elevator to the twelfth floor, where my boss' office was located. Mass Communications was a large marketing firm and occupied floors eight through fifteen in the building.

The elevators opened with a ding and I excused myself, wending a path through the crowd in the elevator. There seemed to be a crowd everywhere I went in New York. From the subways to the streets to the elevators, it was going to take some time to get used to people being everywhere.

"Excuse me," I said to the smiling receptionist. "I'm Emma Mills. Today is my first day as Janet Lerner's assistant."

"Of course," she said. "Have a seat. I'll let Janet know that you're here."

I took a seat in one of the plush chairs in the waiting area, picking up a magazine but flipping through it unseeingly. It was something to do, but I was far too nervous to actually read the pages.

After about ten minutes, I saw a woman striding towards me. I had never met Janet Lerner in person because my interview had been over the phone, but I assumed it was her. I had been surprised when she hired me over the phone without meeting me in person, but she had told me that she could tell I was a good fit for the job. She had also been impressed with my resume, since I had managed a heavy client load at my last agency.

I stood up to greet her and she shook my hand with a firm grip.

"Emma!" she exclaimed. "It's so nice to finally meet you."

"You too, Janet," I replied with a smile. Janet seemed as warm and friendly in person as she had on the phone. "I'm excited to get started."

"Follow me," she said as she started walking down the hallway towards the offices. Mass Communications was a global marketing firm and it showed. The impeccably decorated offices spoke of its success. Janet strode down the hallway confidently. She was a director in the company even though she was only in her early thirties, which was impressive in such a prestigious firm. Janet was attractive in an efficient and practical way, her light brown hair cut fashionably to her chin and her clothes perfectly tailored. Her make-up was expertly applied to enhance her large blue eyes and high cheekbones.

"It can be a bit of a maze around here but you'll get used to it," Janet continued as she made various turns in the hallway and I walked quickly to keep up with her. Everyone seemed to walk so fast in New York. It was another thing I would have to get used to.

She finally stopped at a cluster of cubicles and pointed to one. "Here's your desk. Go ahead and get yourself settled. We'll sit down and go over your duties in a bit and I'll give you a tour of the office later."

"Okay," I said, still a little dazed. "Is there anything you need me to do right now?"

Janet laughed. "There's plenty, but I don't want to throw everything at you at once. I know the first day can be a little overwhelming. Just relax and settle into your cubicle for now."

With that she was gone, going into her office right outside my cubicle but leaving the door open.

I sat down at my desk, surveying my cubicle. It was bare except for a computer, phone and a few office supplies. I opened a bottom drawer and stuck my purse inside. I hadn't brought any personal things with me to the office. No pictures and no knickknacks. I wasn't a knickknack person and I didn't know whose picture I would set on my desk. I guess I could have brought a picture of my parents, but that seemed a little juvenile.

Sean's framed picture that used to rest on my desk back at my old job in D.C. was no longer appropriate, but I still had it with me. I brought it from Maryland and buried it in one of my dresser drawers when I unpacked last night. Even though I was ready for my new life, I wanted to keep a part of my old life with me. For all the complaints I had about Sean and his dullness, he was part of my history and there had been some good times.

Having nothing else to do, I turned on my computer and watched it boot up.

"Hi," I heard a voice chirp. I turned around and saw a woman pop her head out from the cubicle next to me. "I'm Celeste."

Celeste looked like she was in her late fifties with greying hair, but her brown eyes still looked bright and youthful.

"Hi, Celeste," I replied with a smile. "I'm Emma, Janet Lerner's new assistant. Nice to meet you."

Celeste rolled out of her cubicle in her chair, scooting closer to mine. "I work for Drew Stephens, right over there." She indicated the office next to Janet's with a nod of her head. "Welcome to Mass Comm."

"Thanks." I appreciated the friendliness, but I wasn't sure I wanted Janet to catch me already chatting it up with other assistants. I wanted her to think I was competent and responsible, not an office gossip.

I turned back to my computer, opening up my email. I saw that Janet had already cc'ed me on several emails, so I started scrolling through them.

"Sorry," I said, pausing from reading and looking back at Celeste. "I just want to read through these emails. But thanks so much for the welcome."

"No problem," Celeste said, not seeming to be offended as she slid her chair back into her cubicle. "We'll have time to chat later."

The emails were pretty routine, updating the progress of some marketing campaigns for Janet's clients as well as information from Human Resources.

My phone buzzed and I looked at it hesitatingly. I assumed it was Janet on the intercom, but I had no idea which button to push. I tentatively pushed a button next to a blinking light and I was relieved to hear Janet's voice.

"Emma, why don't you come into my office so that we can start going over things."

"Sure, I'll be right there."

I grabbed a pad and pen I found in the drawer and walked into Janet's office. She was busy typing on her computer, but she looked up and smiled when she heard me enter. She waved me into a chair in front of her desk and folded her hands in front of her.

"I know you were pretty surprised that I hired you sight unseen from our phone call. I go on gut instinct. That's been a large part of why I've been able to succeed in this company at a relatively young age. And I had a gut instinct that you're exactly the right person for this job. You'll be doing a lot of the normal assistant things, like drafting letters and setting up meetings, but I want to give you more responsibility than that. I was impressed with your background at your old agency, and I know that you've been able to handle clients on your own. Ideally, I would love for you to eventually handle some of my clients independently. I see this as a stepping stone for you, for bigger things in this company."

I felt excitement stir at Janet's words. This was exactly what I had been hoping for. A foot in the door at a large marketing firm. I couldn't believe how lucky I was that I was working for someone who was willing to give me a chance.

"I can't tell you how much I appreciate this opportunity," I said. "I can definitely handle the extra responsibility and look forward to helping you with your clients."

Janet nodded and continued. "I'm happy to hear that. I also want to warn you that while I'm a fair boss, I expect a lot as well. I want you to consider this a career. This job has to be a priority for you. That's not to say I'm unreasonable. I realize that real life can intrude on the job and sometimes it's a juggling act. I just hope you know how to juggle well."

I nodded eagerly. "I definitely consider this job as the start of my career at Mass Communications. And I assure you that I have my priorities in order."

Janet seemed satisfied with my answer and she spent the next hour filling me in on her different clients and the various marketing strategies she was working on. I scribbled furiously on my notepad, not wanting to miss a word. While it was stressful to have Janet expect so much from me, it also felt exhilarating to have my destiny in my own hands. It was up to me whether or not I was going to succeed, and I definitely planned on being a success.

The rest of the day was spent catching up on learning about Janet's clients as well as a lot of filing and copying. I didn't mind any of these tasks because I knew it would lead to bigger and better things. Lunch was spent in Janet's office where we ate sandwiches that we had delivered and poured through reports to see how various marketing campaigns were performing.

By the time Janet told me she no longer needed me and that I was free to go home, I was exhausted. My head was filled with so much new information that I felt like facts and figures were going to start leaking out from my ears.

I stuck my head in Janet's office before leaving.

"Are you sure there's nothing else I can help you with?"

Janet smiled and shook her head. "I'm fine. Take advantage of these days when you don't have to work late, because there'll be plenty of nights we'll be burning the midnight oil."

"Okay, have a great night then."

I gathered my things and walked down the hallway, nodding at people who were still at their desks. Janet had introduced me around the office and everyone had been friendly and helpful. I decided that my first day at work was a resounding success.

By the time I got home I was hot from the subway and starving. Claire was lounging on the couch flipping through TV channels.

"How was it?" she asked.

"Good," I replied, sitting heavily on one of the breakfast table chairs. "But tiring. I feel like I've stuffed one week's worth of work into one day. But I really like everyone at work, especially my boss. How was your day?"

Claire flicked off the television, shrugging. "Boring. I rarely have rehearsals anymore since the show's started running, and my agent has no leads on anything."

Claire was fortunate that she didn't have to work a day job like so many struggling actors in New York. She came from an affluent family who supported her acting career so she could dedicate herself to finding acting jobs.

"Well, I'm starving. Have you eaten?" I hadn't finished my sandwich during lunch since I had been so preoccupied with taking notes and my stomach was now grumbling in protest.

Claire's face brightened. "No, and I'm famished. There's a great Thai place that delivers."

"Sounds good to me. Just let me change."

I left Claire rifling through restaurant menus that she had pulled out from a kitchen drawer and went to my bedroom, groaning in relief as I took off my high heels. Changing into shorts and a t-shirt, I grabbed my phone from my purse and sat on the bed. The day had been such a whirlwind that I hadn't had a chance to check my phone for messages.

I saw that I had a voicemail from my mother but that's not what made my heart leap. I saw that I had a text message from Jackson and I eagerly opened it.

My evening shifts this week are Mon thru Wed 4-9pm. So when are you coming?

I felt a quiver of anticipation, but I knew I couldn't commit to anything at this point. With my new job, I didn't know if I would be working late.

Sorry, not sure if I can make it with my new job. Maybe this weekend if you're working?

After hitting send, I listened to my mother's message.

Emma, honey. I was calling to see how your first day was. Was the subway okay? Did you get lost? Did any strangers try to talk to you? Call me back as soon as you can!

I groaned after hearing my mother's voicemail and hit the button to call her back. I had the feeling that I was going to have to constantly reassure her until she got used to me living in New York. She couldn't seem to shake the notion that New York was a scary place where her daughter was in danger of being accosted at every corner.

"Hi, Mom," I said when my mother answered after the first ring. "Your darling daughter is still alive."

"Emma! I'm so happy to hear your voice! I was so worried. I thought you would call earlier. I left you that voicemail in the afternoon and it's already six o'clock."

"Mom," I said with exasperation. "It was my first day at work. I couldn't tell my boss that I had to be excused because I had to go call my mother. It kind of hurts my credibility as a professional."

"I'm sure she would have understood. Isn't she a mother?"

I rolled my eyes. My mother seemed to think that every woman in her thirties should be married with children. "She doesn't have any children. And before you ask, no, she's not married."

Janet had alluded to being married to her job earlier today and I hadn't seen any pictures of children in her office.

"Oh no!" my mother said, sounding horrified. "That means she'll work you to death if she doesn't have anything else in her life except her job. Is she a workaholic? She must be a workaholic. Emma, don't become a workaholic!"

I couldn't help laughing at my mother's frantic tone. I knew she meant well. My mother just wanted me to be happy and she was worried that I was running away from my problems by moving to New York. She didn't seem to understand that I wasn't running from something, I was running to something.

"Mom, I promise I won't become a workaholic. My first day was actually really great. I really like my boss and she seems to be willing to give me a chance to prove myself."

"I guess that's good," she replied, not sounding convinced. Her voice brightened as she changed the subject. "How's Claire? She sounds like a sweet girl from what her mother's told me. Do you like the apartment?"

"Claire's really nice. I think she's kind of taken me under her wing, even though she's younger than me. Since she's already lived in New York for a while, she's showing me the ropes. And I love the apartment. It's exactly what I imagined it would be." I glanced at the alarm clock on my bedside table. "Mom, I should go now. Claire's waiting for me because we're going to order some food for dinner. I promise to call you later this week with an update."

"Okay," my mother said, sounding reluctant to let me go. "But call me earlier if anything happens."

"I promise I will."

After hanging up with my mother, I got up to join Claire in the living room when I heard my phone beep, signaling that I had a text message. I excitedly opened Jackson's text message.

Come to the gym Wed after work. I'll wait for you. Don't think you can weasel your way out of this! My reputation as a trainer is at stake.

I grinned as I quickly texted back.

Okay, Wed but I can't guarantee what time I'll be there. Are you always this pushy with your prospective clients?

Jackson immediately texted back.

Only when I see potential. And I see vast potential in you.

I giggled to myself like a buffoon, feeling giddy by Jackson's text.

My vast potential and I will see you Wednesday.

I threw my phone on my bed after the sending the last text. It would be too tempting to take my phone with me and obsess about whether Jackson was going to text back.

Claire jumped up from the couch when I entered the living room, shoving a paper menu at me.

"I'm getting the Pad Thai. What do you want?"

I looked over the menu, my stomach grumbling in anticipation. "I definitely want the Pad Khee Mao with beef. I'll call."

I picked up the apartment phone and called the restaurant, placing the order. Claire stretched back onto the couch.

"They said it would take thirty minutes," I said as I hung up the phone. "I need to stop thinking about food for thirty minutes or I'm going to keel over in hunger."

Claire laughed. "Why don't you distract yourself by telling me about work today?"

I joined her on the couch. "My boss seems to have a lot of confidence in me. She said that she's going to give me additional responsibilities besides just being an assistant. More like the work I used to do back in D.C. but on a much larger scale since Mass Communications is such a bigger company. I'm excited but nervous at the same time. I just hope I do well and don't mess anything up."

"I'm sure you'll be awesome," Claire replied "Before you know it, you'll be running the company."

I smiled wryly. "Sure. And then I'll change the name of the company to Mills Communications. We'll air tons of commercials and you'll be our spokesmodel."

"Hey, I like that idea," Claire replied, waggling her eyebrows. "And then maybe you can bankroll a movie for me so I can be the star."

"We can dream," I said ruefully. I paused before continuing. "I'm stopping by Peak Fitness on Wednesday after work. Jackson seems gung-ho about taking me on as a new client."

Claire smirked. "Trust me, Jackson doesn't have any shortage of clients to train. I can tell that he's interested in you."

I couldn't hide my excitement at Claire's words. "Really? I mean, I can't lie. It's hard to look at Jackson and not have only one thing on my mind. And that one thing involves getting naked and sweaty."

Claire burst out laughing. "I'm beyond that point with him since I just see him as a friend, but I know what you mean." She then sobered, looking serious. "I meant it yesterday when I said Jackson was a great catch. Just...be careful. I love Jackson, but he can be a bit of a player. He doesn't mean to be, but it's hard when you have so many women chasing after you. Have fun but don't read too much into what he does. Women have a tendency to be swept off their feet by him, but then end up disappointed when he doesn't want anything more than a good time. I just don't want you to get hurt."

I felt a little deflated by Claire's warning. It's not that I had expected Jackson to become the love of my life. It just stung a little to know that I was just one in a string of women. I decided to not let it bother me. If Claire was right, Jackson was offering exactly what I was looking for. A good time with nothing heavy involved. I neither wanted nor had the time for anything serious right now.

"Thanks for the warning," I said. "Luckily, that's exactly what I want at this point in my life. Fun."

Claire nodded in understanding. "I can imagine that the last thing you want to do is fall into another relationship. How are you holding up? I know you're the one that broke things off, but it still must be hard."

I sighed, thinking it over. "It is hard. I don't regret calling off the wedding, and I don't regret moving here. But I can't lie and say that I don't feel sad every now and then. Sean and I were a part of each other's lives for so long. Sometimes I'll think of something, see something new, and remind myself to tell Sean about it later. Then I remember that there's no Sean to tell."

Claire looked at me sympathetically. "That makes sense. Even if you don't want to spend the rest of your life with him, that doesn't mean you don't miss certain parts of him. Do you still keep in touch?"

I shook my head. "No, it's too hard. Maybe somewhere down the road we can be friends. I'm not sure. I left it up to Sean, since I was the one that hurt him so much. After he realized that I wasn't going to change my mind, he told me that it was too painful to keep in contact."

"The distance is probably a good thing. Merrittsville is such a small town that it's hard not to bump into each other."

"Yeah, no kidding," I said drily. "If I wasn't bumping into Sean, I was bumping into his mother, who gave me death stares. I don't blame her after how I hurt Sean. It was just really hard for me since she was practically my second mother growing up. She was always so much calmer and levelheaded than my own mother, who can be a little flighty. It was nice to have Sean's mother to talk to, but obviously that bond was severed when our relationship ended."

I took a deep breath, trying to clear the knot in my chest. It still hurt to think of losing Mary, Sean's mother. Even though I loved my mother, Mary Somers understood me in a way that my own mother never could. Mary and I were similar in a lot of ways. The biggest difference was that she had stayed on the path that had been mapped out for her, while I had veered away from mine. In the end, she had been rewarded by her husband divorcing her for a much younger woman and walking away from his family. Sean and his mother rarely heard from him.

"What about you?" I asked, wanting to change the subject. "Are you dating anyone?"

"I can't remember the last serious relationship I had. It was probably in college. I really just want to concentrate on my acting career. I'll worry about my love life once I'm rich and famous."

The arrival of our Thai food interrupted us. We decided to eat it out on the balcony on a table that barely fit the small space. We poured two glasses of wine and enjoyed the cool evening air as we ate, the sounds of the city providing a soothing background.

I raised my glass of wine. "To like-minded females concentrating on their careers and conquering the world."

Claire laughed and clinked her glass with mine. "Watch out world, here we come."

Chapter Three

The next couple of days went by in a blur as I learned the ropes at my new job. Instead of becoming a nuisance, Celeste became an invaluable resource as she helped to guide me through many of my tasks as an assistant. I never saw her boss, the elusive Drew Stephens, and Celeste told me he traveled a lot and was rarely in the office.

Janet stopped by my cubicle on her way out Wednesday afternoon.

"I'm leaving for the day, Emma," she said, her suit jacket slung over her arm and briefcase in hand. "I have my meeting downtown and I decided not to come back after my business dinner. You can leave after you finish up those RFPs."

"Okay, have a great rest of the day. See you tomorrow."

I tried to suppress my excitement as Janet left the office. I had worked until eight-thirty the night before because Janet was finishing a performance report for a client and I had been helping her pull it together. While I was enjoying my work, I had been nervous that tonight would be another late night because Janet had mentioned earlier that she might be coming back to the office after her dinner. I had been afraid that she would ask me to wait for her return and tonight was the one night I didn't want to work late because I was stopping by Peak Fitness tonight.

"A hot date?" Celeste asked as she wheeled her chair closer to my cubicle. Even though she was much older, Celeste often talked like she was still in her early twenties.

I grimaced. "Is it that obvious?"

Celeste grinned. "You looked like you were going to jump up and cheer when Janet said she was leaving."

I frowned. "I hope it wasn't too obvious. The last thing I want is for Janet to think I'm not dedicated."

"She knows, she knows," Celeste groaned. "It's only your third day and you already work harder than half the people here." Celeste smiled mischievously. "So, who is it?"

Even though I had only known Celeste for a few days, I had instantly bonded with her. Not only was she helpful, but she was funny and quirky. Despite being my senior, I often felt like I was older than she was.

"It's not really a date," I explained. "It's just this guy I met last weekend. He's a trainer at a gym and I'm stopping by for a free session."

"Ooh, sweating, working out, getting close." Celeste waggled her eyebrows suggestively. "Now that's a great first date!"

"It's not a date!" I exclaimed but I couldn't help laughing. "Now I need to finish these RFPs so I won't be late for my non-date."

I spent the rest of the afternoon diligently working on the RFPs until I was finished and I was sure they were perfect. I checked my watch and was happy to see that it was only six o'clock. I would have plenty of time to go home first and change before heading over to the gym.

"Have fun!" Celeste cackled as I waved goodbye. "Enough fun that it'll hurt to come into work tomorrow!"

"Goodbye to you too, Celeste," I said with a grin.

Claire wasn't home when I got to the apartment. We hadn't talked about Jackson again since Monday night, not that it was necessary. She had given me her approval as well as fair warning. I was lucky to have her as a friend.

I sent a quick text to Jackson before changing, wanting to give him a heads up that I was definitely coming tonight.

Be there in about half an hour if you're free.

Before I could start changing, Jackson responded with a text back.

The training session will be free, but I'm not free. I'm looking forward to discussing the terms of payment.

I bit my lip, not knowing how to answer. I couldn't tell if Jackson was flirting or if he meant something else.

I thought this was a no-strings attached training session.

I'm talking about after the training session.

What do you mean, after the training session?

When I take you to dinner, of course.

I wanted to jump up and down with giddiness, but forced myself to reply calmly.

Who said I was going out to dinner with you? Are you trying to mix business with pleasure?

I giggled to myself idiotically, unsure if my flirting sounded teasing or dumb. It had been a long time since I had flirted and I was more than a little rusty.

Who said this was ever about business? Now get over here so I can talk to you in person instead of through a little screen.

Coming.

I quickly changed into workout clothes, grinning the whole time. I wanted to balance looking attractive in my workout gear without being too made up. There was nothing worse than a woman working out with heavy make-up and jewelry jangling with every movement while heavily doused in perfume. On the other hand, I didn't want to look too casual since dinner had been mentioned.

I decided on a pair of black leggings and a blue v-neck workout top with a built-in sports bra that could be mistaken for a regular fitted shirt. I grabbed a short gauzy black skirt that I could slip on over my leggings for dinner and stuffed it into my bag, along with some make-up to freshen up with after the workout. I prayed that I wouldn't perspire too much during the training session. The last thing I wanted Jackson to see when he looked across the dinner table was a sweaty mess.

The gym was only a few blocks away and as I pushed open the front door, I was suddenly nervous. The smell of the gym and the clinking of the machines reminded me that physical fitness was not my strong suit. I didn't want to make a fool of myself in front of Jackson.

I approached the front desk where a perennially smiling woman stood behind it. She nodded her head as people filed in and handed her their membership card to scan, smiling so vacantly that she resembled an automaton.

"Hi," I said with a slight smile of my own. "I'm supposed to have a training session with Jackson. Jackson Reynard."

The woman blinked and her mouth shrank to a normal smile, a genuine one this time.

"You must be Emma! I'll let Jackson know you're here."

She picked up the phone and dialed a few numbers.

"Jackson, Emma's here."

The woman smiled as she put the phone receiver back into the cradle. "He'll be right out."

"Great," I said, feeling a bit uncomfortable just standing there. I was surprised she knew me by name, but I assumed that part of her job was knowing all the members on a first name basis. Even prospective members. The woman was looking at me with way too much interest. It was friendly interest, but uncomfortable just the same.

"I'm Allison," she announced, holding out her hand.

"Nice to meet you, Allison," I replied, reaching out to shake her hand. Were people always this friendly at gyms? I wouldn't know since I rarely frequented one.

"I heard you just moved into town."

"Yes, I just moved here from Maryland." It was a bit discomfiting to realize that Jackson had apparently been talking about me to Allison.

"They have great crabs in Maryland." Allison continued, nodding at me and smiling. I started feeling a little creeped out.

"Er, yes. Maryland's known for their crabs." I prayed Jackson would appear soon and save me from this awkward conversation.

As if on cue, Jackson walked out from a door behind the front counter, giving me a wide smile as he caught sight of me.

"You made it." Jackson walked out from behind the counter and nodded to Allison as he grabbed my hand, drawing me down the hall closer to all those intimidating metal machines. "I was worried that you were going to change your mind."

I eyed the workout machines with trepidation. "I still may. I wasn't kidding when I said I don't really work out."

Jackson grinned, looking down at me. His green eyes were sparkling with amusement and a lock of brown hair fell onto his forehead, making him look rakish. He was much taller than I was and I had to tip my head back to make eye contact. Wearing athletic shorts and a t-shirt, he should have looked nondescript. Instead, with nothing to detract from his handsomeness, the blank canvas just made Jackson look all the more gorgeous. He was leanly muscled and I had to stop myself from reaching out and stroking his muscular arm and squealing like a preteen.

"We'll take it slow and easy today. The more sessions you get under your belt, the more I'll challenge you."

I let Jackson guide me over to a large mat in front of a mirror but protested at his words.

"The more sessions I get under my belt? I'm not planning on having more sessions. I'm not even planning on joining this gym!"

"That reminds me." Jackson slipped his hand into the pocket of his shorts, pulling out a membership card. He grabbed my bag and slipped it in, then placed my bag against the mirrored wall and out of the way.

"Wait, what was that?" I exclaimed, moving to grab my bag. Jackson pulled me in the opposite direction and stood behind me, putting a hand on each of my arms and holding me in place. The warmth of his hands was distracting and I was keenly aware of the close proximity of his body behind mine, but I was undeterred.

"Jackson, what did you just put in my bag?"

Jackson looked at me in our mirrored reflection and shrugged. I felt dwarfed by his size, the top of my head just shy of reaching the top of his shoulders.

"I pulled some strings and got you a year's membership to the gym."

"Wait, what? What do you mean you pulled some strings?" I narrowed my eyes at Jackson's reflection. "Did you pay for my membership?"

Jackson looked at me innocently. "That's not how it works. We don't pay people to come to the gym. Otherwise, we'd be out of business."

"Jackson," I warned. As flattered as I was by the idea that Jackson would get me a free membership to the gym, it made me uncomfortable to think that he had paid for it. I had just met him. I wasn't looking for a sugar daddy.

"I just have some pull around here. The owner was more than happy to give out a free membership when I told him I was thinking of increasing my hours." Jackson smiled at me winningly.

"You must be in high demand if you're able to give out free memberships willy nilly by promising to work a few more hours." I was still suspicious, but decided not to push it. It seemed churlish to throw Jackson's generosity in his face.

"Well, thanks for the free membership. Really." I then sighed. "Let the torture session begin."

Jackson laughed at the dour expression on my face. "Don't worry. We'll take this nice and slow. First, we'll just do some stretches."

Jackson guided my legs apart and I tried not to blush when his hands touched my thighs. He seemed determined to take a hands-on approach with the stretches, instead of just demonstrating them for me.

"Now just lean down to your right side and let gravity do the stretching for you."

He put one hand on my waist and put the other on my arm, gently guiding me down so that I was bending sideways to my right. It felt as though there was electricity running through his fingertips as he touched me, my body tightening with awareness.

"Okay, now the other side."

Jackson continued using his hands to show me how to stretch. It was one of the most excruciating fifteen minutes of my life. He seemed unaffected as his hands glided over me, pulling me into different positions. Some of them were so suggestive that I was starting to feel lightheaded.

"Okay, last stretch."

Jackson had me sit on the mat and spread my legs apart. He kneeled in between my legs, pushing them out with his hands to stretch my inner thigh muscles. I thought I was going to scream in pent up sexual frustration when I noticed that he was breathing heavily, each inhale and exhale sounding more and more strained. I glanced up at his face and saw that his eyes had darkened into a mossy green. Jackson gave me a half-grin as he released my legs.

"Let's try some laps on the treadmill." His voice sounded husky and rough.

I released the breath I hadn't realized I had been holding and nodded my head. "That's a good idea. And I know what to do on a treadmill," I said with a wry smile. "You don't need to show me with your hands how to run. I know how to put one leg in front of the other."

Jackson burst out laughing. "Duly noted."

He grabbed my bag and led me to a treadmill, punching the keypad to start the machine.

"How old are you?"

"Twenty-five." I watched Jackson input my age into the control panel of the treadmill.

"How much do you weigh?"

"Nuh uh," I said emphatically, shaking my head. "There is no way I'm telling you my weight."

"Girls and their weight," Jackson said with a quizzical look. "I'll never understand it. It's just a number."

"Yeah, a number that you're not privy to," I replied sardonically.

"You win," Jackson relented with a cocked eyebrow. "Just input your weight and choose interval session for twenty minutes. We'll just have you walk today to loosen up your muscles. I'll be right back. I'm just going to drop your bag in my office for safekeeping."

I nodded and waited for him to walk away before entering my weight. Men just didn't understand.

I looked around as I walked. The gym was pretty full and I couldn't help but notice that almost all of the people were in fantastic shape. I didn't understand it. The few times I had stepped inside a gym, it was inevitable that everyone inside was already fit. Where did the regular people go, before they were able to wear spandex ensembles with pride? Did they keep them in some dark hidden room of the gym until they were presentable enough to be unleashed into the main facility?

My thoughts were interrupted as I watched Jackson striding back towards me. I felt a delicious curl of anticipation tighten inside me. There was no mistaking it. Jackson was attracted to me. I was contemplating my first fling with relish when I saw a woman stop Jackson. She was talking animatedly and laughing. She was also drop dead gorgeous in skintight spandex and rock hard abs. I started thinking about my own soft middle and wanted to cringe, but I stopped myself before I let my thoughts get too wayward. I needed to stop comparing myself to other women. I may not be in the best shape, but I wasn't a sack of potatoes either. Men, including Jackson, would accept me as I was or I would find someone else who appreciated me.

I patted myself on the back, but I couldn't help but feel a twinge of jealousy as the woman led Jackson over to a curling machine, putting her hand on his arm while they talked and laughed loudly. Jackson seemed engaged in the conversation, apparently explaining something on the machine and then making some adjustments to it.

He looked over at me and I quickly glanced away, kicking myself for being caught gawking at him. I concentrated on walking on the treadmill until I felt his presence beside me, but I didn't turn towards him.

"How are you doing?"

"Good." I glanced at him through the corner of my eye. "I guess Claire was right. You're pretty high in demand."

Jackson laughed. "That's one of my clients. One of my married clients."

I shrugged as if I didn't have a care in the world. "Doesn't matter to me." But I realized it did matter. I rationalized that while I wanted a fling, I didn't want a fling with a man who was flinging every other woman.

"If you say so," Jackson said casually. He watched me finish my twenty minutes on the treadmill without comment.

"Is that it?" I asked hopefully as I stepped off the machine.

"My training skills haven't even been on display yet," Jackson replied. "I'll just take you through a few muscle strengthening machines and then we can go to dinner."

"Where are we going for dinner?" I asked, accepting the cup of water Jackson offered and draining it. I held my breath as Jackson took a towel and gently dabbed my face with it. I had hardly perspired during my walk, but I didn't protest. His gesture seemed intimate and seductive.

"It's a surprise."

"Okay," I said, willing to play along. "It just can't be anywhere too nice since I'm not really dressed for it."

"You're dressed perfectly."

Jackson showed me how to use a few machines and had me go through a few reps. The last one was a leg extension machine and as I struggled to pull up the weight, I realized how weak I was. Maybe it really was a good idea to start working out regularly, especially since I now had a gym membership.

I strained to complete the last two reps, closing my eyes and unable to suppress a soft moan due to the exertion of trying to extend my legs with the weight.

"Stop."

I opened my eyes and breathed out, looking at Jackson. I was more than happy to stop, but Jackson was looking at me funny. "Are you okay?"

Jackson grinned self-deprecatingly. "Not if I have to keep hearing you make those sounds. They sound way too close to other sounds I imagine you making."

"Jackson!" I squealed, appalled at his comment, yet feeling pleasure by my ability to turn him on.

Jackson winked at me. "It's definitely time for dinner."

I got up from the machine and winced as my legs protested against the sudden movement. I really was out of shape. I reached down and massaged my thighs, trying to relieve some of the ache. "Let me just freshen up. Can I get my bag from your office?"

Jackson didn't answer me as he watched me rub my thighs. I stopped mid-rub as I caught the look in his eyes. "Jackson?" My voice sounded way more breathy than I wanted it to.

Jackson shook his head as if he was mentally clearing it and looked up at my face. "Sure, follow me."

We walked to an area where there were a cluster of doors and Jackson opened one, waiting for me to step inside first and then closing the door behind him. I waited for him to get my bag, but he just stood there, watching me.

I cleared my throat. "Are you trying to make me nervous?"

Jackson shook his head. "Why? Am I making you nervous?"

I laughed faintly. "A little."

"Why's that?"

"Because...because you're looking at me like you're going to swallow me whole."

My breath caught as a dazzling wide smile stretched across Jackson's face.

"You didn't tell me you could read minds."

"Jackson-"

Whatever I was going to say was cut off as Jackson pulled me towards him until my body was pressed against his. He leaned down, his lips hovering over mine.

"Do you know how turned on I was watching you stretch, feeling your body straining beneath my hands?"

I shook my head, my ability to speak having disappeared.

"Do you know how beautiful you are?"

Jackson didn't wait for an answer as his lips met mine, gently coaxing and grazing my mouth. I wrapped my arms around his neck, reaching up as I balanced myself on the tips of my toes to increase the pressure of the kiss. Jackson grunted in approval as he kissed me harder, his lips more demanding as he traced the seam of my closed lips with his tongue. My mouth opened automatically at his silent request and I felt myself drowning in desire as his tongue invaded my mouth, tangling with mine as the intensity of our kiss increased.

Jackson reached up with one hand, grasping my ponytail and anchoring my head so that I was helpless against the onslaught of his mouth. Not that I wanted to protest. The thought of breaking contact didn't even cross my mind as I eagerly matched his passion.

Jackson was the one who finally broke the kiss, his harsh breathing showing how much he had been affected by the kiss.

"Jesus," he said with a hint of amusement in his voice. "You don't need any training lessons in kissing."

I laughed as I leaned back so that I could look at him. "I think we should go to dinner before we scandalize the gym patrons."

Jackson quirked his mouth. "The walls are so thin here, it's not exactly the best place for privacy."

Jackson walked over to his desk and opened a drawer, pulling out my bag.

"Bathroom's right down the hall. I'll wait for you in the lobby."

I gave Jackson a quick smile. "Okay."

"Don't take too long." Jackson gave me a slight tap on my bottom and I gave him a look of censure. I couldn't help laughing when he just shrugged his shoulders with a grin.

I had slipped on my black skirt and was freshening up my makeup when Allison walked into the bathroom.

"Hi!" she said cheerily when she saw me. "How was your training session?"

"Good!" I said, flushing a little. "Great, actually. I'm looking forward to working out here."

"I'm sure you are," she replied with a wink. "I knew something more than a training session was going on when Jackson had me clear his schedule for tonight."

"He did?"

"Yeah, he said he wasn't sure what time his new client was coming in so he wanted to make sure he was available. Of course, that's not normal protocol for a client so I was able to weasel out of Jackson that it was actually a date."

I felt a flood of pleasure at her words. The fact that Jackson thought I was important enough to clear his schedule was flattering. Then I frowned as I thought it through.

"I hope he doesn't get in trouble," I said, worried. "I'm sure it's not looked highly upon to clear your schedule for just one person. Especially for someone who's not even paying for a training session."

"Oh, don't worry about it," Allison said airily as she leaned closer to the mirror to reapply lipstick. "Jackson is such a popular trainer that he brings hordes of clients in. The owner's just happy to have him on staff."

"I guess that's okay then." I was relieved because I didn't want to cause Jackson any grief in his job. I knew that he was a struggling actor and this was probably his main source of income.

"See you later," I said, packing up my things and heading out of the bathroom.

"Have fun!" Allison said enthusiastically, not looking at me as she concentrated on applying mascara.

I couldn't help feeling a tingle of excitement when I saw Jackson waiting for me in the lobby. He had changed into jeans and a blue button-down shirt that was untucked and cuffed at the sleeves. He looked casual and delicious, and it thrilled me to no end that this hunk of a man was waiting for me.

Jackson grinned as he caught sight of me. He reached down and rubbed the fabric of my sheer skirt between his fingertips.

"I like this."

"Thanks."

Jackson looked up and smiled. "My imagination is getting the better of me."

I looked at him with mock sternness. "Dinner, remember?"

"Oh, I remember," he replied, letting go of my skirt and grabbing my hand. "Let's go."

Chapter Four

"Wait a second," I protested. "I thought we were going to a restaurant."

"Welcome to Chez Reynard," Jackson said with a devilish grin.

We were standing outside his apartment building as I struggled with whether it was a good idea to go inside Jackson's apartment. As much as I was planning on having a fling with him, I wasn't sure if I was ready for a one night stand considering the only person I had ever slept with was Sean.

"I'm not sure this is a good idea," I said hesitantly.

"I'm not a serial killer, honest." Jackson held out his hands in supplication. "Just ask Claire."

I rolled my eyes. "That's not what I'm worried about."

"Concerned that you can't keep your hands off me?" Jackson asked with a wolfish grin.

"No one can say you don't have a healthy ego," I retorted, but I couldn't help smiling. Jackson's playfulness was charming.

"Scout's honor that I really just want to have dinner. I promise to cook you an amazing meal. You can decide when the night ends."

"Well, okay," I relented, knowing that it had never been much of a debate. Regardless of my reservations about going up to Jackson's apartment, I knew that I would eventually agree. It was hard to resist him.

As we walked inside, I noted that Jackson's building was a lot nicer than mine was, complete with a doorman, plush carpeting and an elevator.

"This is a nice building," I said after Jackson had greeted Sam, the doorman, and we stepped inside the elevator. I watched Jackson push the button for the sixteenth floor. "You must really be an amazing trainer."

Jackson smiled without commenting as the elevator whisked us up silently to his floor. He looked contemplative as he watched the floor numbers light up and I suddenly felt a little awkward. Besides being an actor, part-time trainer and non-serial killer, I didn't know much else about Jackson.

"Claire told me you guys met in an acting class."

Jackson looked at me and nodded. "Yeah, it was an awful class taught by some kook who believed acting like animals helped improve our craft. I spent most of our classes walking around clucking and flapping my arms."

"At least you know you'll be a shoo-in for any barnyard animal roles."

Jackson laughed and grabbed my hand as the elevator arrived on the sixteenth floor and the doors opened.

Jackson unlocked the door to his apartment and ushered me in, flicking on the lights and leading me into the living room. Jackson's apartment made mine look like a shanty. The living room was as large as my entire apartment with a balcony that led to a fantastic view. Despite the size, the furnishings were sparse with one long leather couch and a massive TV mounted on the wall.

"This place is huge," I said. "And you have an amazing view." I didn't understand how Jackson could afford such a nice apartment, but I didn't think he would appreciate me demanding to know the details of his salary. Maybe he came from money.

"Thanks," he said, his voice muffled as I heard him rummaging in the kitchen. "Do you want some wine?"

"I would love some, thanks."

I walked over to the sliding glass doors and looked outside, thrilled at all the lights twinkling against the backdrop of the night sky.

"Here you go."

I jumped, Jackson's voice sounding closer than I expected since I hadn't heard him come up behind me. I turned around and he handed me a wine glass.

"I hope sauvignon blanc is okay," he said, lightly clinking his glass with mine.

"It's great," I said, taking a sip. "But I thought struggling actors were supposed to drink Bud Light."

Jackson grinned. "I only serve that when I really want to impress a girl."

I laughed as I took another sip. I didn't know much about wine but the cool liquid was delicious and crisp against my tongue.

"So where's this dinner I keep hearing about?"

"Ah," Jackson said, raising an eyebrow. "You're in for a treat. On today's menu we'll be serving chicken marsala with pasta."

I looked at Jackson skeptically. "You're really going to cook?"

Jackson shook his head in mock disappointment. "Your doubt in my skills pains me."

"Okay," I said with a smile. "I believe you. I'm waiting to be amazed."

Jackson frowned. "Well, you need to be my sous chef."

"Hey, I never said I was going to do any cooking," I protested. "I thought you wanted to impress me with your culinary skills."

Jackson smiled sweetly. "Didn't anyone ever tell you that food tastes better when you cook together?"

I felt a hollow pang at Jackson's words. It reminded me of the countless nights Sean and I had cooked dinner together. I missed the easy intimacy of working together without having to say a word.

Jackson looked at me thoughtfully. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing," I said mustering a smile. I needed to concentrate on having a fling, not wallowing in sentimental memories. "I'm ready to chop whatever you throw at me."

Jackson paused for a beat, studying me. He then seemed to accept my answer and grabbed my hand, guiding me to the kitchen. I was starting to get used to being dragged places with Jackson's warm hand in mine.

Jackson started pulling ingredients out of the refrigerator along with a cutting board, a frying pan and a large pot.

"You're in charge of cutting mushrooms," he said, placing the cutting board and knife in front of me as well as a carton of mushrooms.

"I think I can handle that," I replied, setting my wine glass on the counter and picking up the mushrooms. "I should wash these first."

Jackson turned the burner on under the pot he had filled with water and then pulled out chicken breasts that were already pounded thin. "I already washed them earlier."

I bit my lip as I looked at the ingredients on the counter. A lot of it had already been prepped. The fact that Jackson cared enough to put thought and effort into this dinner touched me. I felt an insidious warmth in my chest and I reminded myself that this was a fling. The last thing I needed was to get too attached. Besides, I reminded myself of what Claire had told me. As good of a guy as Jackson was, he wasn't someone who took relationships seriously. I needed to take that to heart if I wanted to prevent myself from getting hurt.

I turned my attention to chopping mushrooms, stopping to take a sip of wine every so often. I needed the courage it gave me if what I thought was going to happen tonight actually happened.

Jackson looked up from coating the chicken in a flour mixture. "I see that you know your way around a knife. Do you like to cook?"

"Only when I feel like it. It's such a hassle after a long day at work though. Sometimes it's just easier to get takeout and call it a day. Besides, I only know how to make a few things."

Jackson shook his head and made a tsking sound. "You'll change your tune after you taste my chicken marsala."

"Oh, I'm fine with you doing the cooking," I said generously. "You can cook for me any day."

"I'll remember that," Jackson replied, grinning and turning back to his chicken. "How do you like living in New York so far?"

"Still good. I like my job even though it's only been a few days."

Jackson added salt to the boiling water and dropped the linguine in the pot.

"That's great. Do you like it better than your old job in D.C.?"

I thought about it before answering. "Well, it's different. I worked for a much smaller company in D.C., but I had a lot more responsibility. At Mass, I just got my foot in the door as an assistant and I'm trying to wrangle my way further in. Fortunately, my boss seems to want me to excel and is giving me a chance with more responsibilities."

I was done chopping the mushrooms and watched Jackson drizzle olive oil in a saucepan. He looked up at me and smiled. "I have no doubt that you'll be promoted in no time."

I smiled at his compliment but raised an eyebrow. "How do you know? You just met me. I could be one of the laziest people you've ever met."

"I'm good at reading people, and I can tell you know how to get what you want. See how you had me waiting around for you tonight, hoping you'd show up?"

I laughed. "Thanks, I guess." I studied Jackson over the rim of my wine glass as he deftly worked in the kitchen. "What about you? What made you want to be an actor?"

"Hmm, good question." Jackson looked up from the saucepan and shrugged. "I'm not really sure. After college, I didn't know what I wanted to do with my life. I sort of just fell into acting. A buddy of mine was a theater major and I happened to go along with him to one of his auditions. The rest is history."

Jackson added cream to the saucepan along with the mushrooms.

"Hey, watch the cream!" I exclaimed, setting my glass on the counter. "I thought you were supposed to be all about health and nutrition. You're a trainer, after all."

"That's why you work out. So you can eat junk." Jackson glanced at me with a smile. "Besides, you're already perfect the way you are."

I picked up my wine glass again to take a sip to have something to do. Jackson's compliment flummoxed me and I didn't know what to say. It wasn't every day I had a perfect male specimen telling me that I was perfect. Unfortunately, when I tipped the glass back the only thing I sipped was air.

Jackson laughed loudly. "I think someone needs more wine."

He grabbed the bottle from the refrigerator and filled my glass.

"Thanks," I said weakly, feeling foolish. I hadn't realized I had drunk my glass of wine so quickly. I really needed to watch how much I drank so that I didn't get too tipsy, but it was too tempting to continue drinking. Liquid courage.

Jackson drained the pasta and scooped some into two plates. He placed a chicken breast on top of each plate and spooned the sauce over it.

"Dinner is served."

"It looks and smells amazing," I said as I followed Jackson into the dining room, picking up his wineglass and setting it on the table along with mine.

After sitting down, I twirled the linguine onto my fork along with a piece of chicken and took a large bite.

"Oh my God," I said after I was done chewing. "I apologize for any aspersions I may have cast on your cooking ability. This is amazing."

Jackson looked pleased at my compliment, his green eyes sparkling with enjoyment as he watched me eat. "I'm glad you like it."

I paused mid-way of my second bite and looked at Jackson, who was just sitting there watching me. "Aren't you eating?"

Jackson picked up his fork and dug into his own plate. "I was just enjoying watching you eat."

"So you just fell into acting," I said, looking for conversation territory that wouldn't make my stomach do somersaults. Of course, no somersault could stop me from eating the delicious chicken. I wondered if I should eat more daintily but it was hard for me not to eat with gusto, especially since the food was so delicious.

"Yup," Jackson replied as he began eating. "And once I started, it just felt natural. I started getting more and more bit parts, I picked up an agent along the way, and I realized how much I enjoyed it."

"And now you're in a play with Claire."

"It's playing in a tiny theater in the Lower East Side but it's interesting and I like the part. It's called Choosing Matthew." Jackson winked. "Of course, I play Matthew."

"Of course," I said with a laugh.

"Are you coming to see it this week?"

"I'm not sure. I have to see what my work schedule is like." What I really meant was I had to see how things went between us tonight. I didn't want to commit to something that would make us both feel awkward if tonight didn't work out.

"If you can't come Friday night, there's always Saturday night. You can't be working on a Saturday."

I shrugged. "I'm not sure. My boss is pretty demanding, even though I like her. I'll see."

"Just let me know. I'll make sure to get you a seat up front." Jackson frowned before continuing. "Technically I guess you would be Claire's guest."

"I don't know," I replied noncommittally. "I told her I'd come see the show some time, but it wasn't anything definite."

"Great," Jackson said, beaming. "Then you'll be my date."

"Jackson," I said, unable to suppress a laugh. "I'll definitely try to come. I just don't want to make a promise I can't keep."

Jackson nodded but I could see the wheels in his head already turning. I told myself that just because this was a fling didn't mean that it couldn't be an extended fling. This could be my summer-long fling.

What a way to spend my first summer in New York.

"So what was it like growing up in Maryland?"

"It was good. Just your normal suburban upbringing. What about you? Where are you from?"

"I grew up right outside of the city in Westchester."

"Do you have any brothers or sisters?"

Jackson leaned back, watching me eat. It made me feel self-conscious and I made an effort to eat in a more ladylike manner.

"I have a younger brother, Ryan. He's twenty-three and living down in Miami. Finding himself, I guess."

"I've always wanted to go to Miami. It seems like such a gorgeous place with the white beaches. What's the age difference between you two?"

Jackson smiled faintly as he watched me. My self-consciousness kicked into high gear.

"I'm four years older."

"So that makes you twenty-seven, right?"

Jackson just nodded and I put down my fork. "Why are you just watching me eat?"

Jackson smiled even wider. "Am I making you nervous again?"

"No," I lied. "It's just kind of creepy."

Jackson laughed. "Sorry. It's just satisfying to see you enjoying your food so much."

"That's it," I groaned. "I'm never eating in front of you again."

Jackson picked up his fork and resumed eating. "Sorry. I promise not to creep you out anymore by watching you eat."

I watched Jackson eat for a few beats and then picked up my own fork. Jackson glanced up at me and grinned when he saw me eating again, but I just rolled my eyes.

"What about you? Do you have any siblings?"

I shook my head. "Growing up, I always wanted a sister, but it was just me. I guess the good thing was I never had to share my toys."

I looked down at my clean plate and smiled ruefully. "There goes my workout."

Jackson gave me a lazy grin. "I can think of other ways to work up a sweat."

I burst out laughing. "Wow, you're really relentless."

He winked. "It's part of my charm."

Jackson stood up and walked over to me, pulling me up and drawing me into the living room. He flicked on a switch on his sound system and the room instantly filled with the throaty voice of Billie Holiday. He drew me in close, resting his hands on my waist.

"Dance with me."

I was powerless to protest even if I had wanted to, which I certainly didn't. The look on Jackson's face told me everything I needed to know. I could see desire darkening his green eyes and I wrapped my arms around his neck as we slowly swayed to Billie's crooning voice.

Jackson increased the pressure of his hands, pulling my body closer until our hips were cradling each other. It was impossible to miss the evidence of his arousal pushing against me and my body ignited in response, desire pooling between my legs.

Jackson reached up with one hand, cupping my cheek and bending down so our breaths were mingling together.

"Do you know how much I want you?"

I looked up at him wordlessly, unable to form a response. I felt caught in his web of seduction and I surrendered myself to it.

Jackson smiled slowly, bringing his head down further so that his lips were barely grazing mine. I eagerly deepened the kiss, opening my mouth and welcoming the velvety softness of his tongue stroking mine.

Jackson groaned and crushed me even closer, pulling my hair out of its ponytail and gripping my scalp with his hands as he seemed to lose control of the kiss. I was right there with him as all my inhibitions went out the door. I eagerly tangled my hands in his hair, urging him closer, begging him to kiss me harder and welcoming the bruising force of his mouth on mine. I had never felt this kind of passion before in my life and it felt exhilarating.

Jackson broke his mouth free, breathing harshly and desire tightening his face. I whimpered in protest at the loss of contact, but Jackson just gently brushed my cheek with the back of his hand, the gesture so at odds with the fierce passion he had shown just moments before.

"Are you sure, Emma? I don't want you to regret this. We can go slower."

I shook my head. "I want this just as much as you do."

Jackson grinned crookedly. "That's a relief. If I stopped now, I'd probably have to take a cold shower for days."

I smiled up at him, thrilled that this beautiful man wanted me as badly as I wanted him. He led me into his bedroom and I barely registered the large bed as he pulled me down with him, rolling on top of me. The feeling of his muscular body pressing against mine ignited my desire and my hard nipples pushed against his unyielding chest. I parted my legs and cradled him, the yearning between my thighs increasing to an almost painful level.

Jackson leaned down and lightly nipped at my lips, but I wanted him too badly to go slow. I pulled his head closer to mine and kissed him deeply. This time I was the one that invaded his mouth with my tongue, stroking his eagerly and arching my body up against him.

Jackson made a sound of approval in his throat as he seemed to release the reign on his control, matching me stroke for stroke with his tongue. His hand burrowed underneath my shirt and the built-in bra, cupping my breast and stroking my hard nipple with his rough thumb.

I whimpered and arched against his hand, not wanting the sensation to stop.

"I need to see you," Jackson muttered gutturally and he grabbed the edge of my shirt and pulled it over my head, releasing my breasts heavy with arousal with one quick pull. He drank me in greedily and then leaned down to lick one of my painfully hard nipples.

"Oh God," I moaned. "Please."

Jackson looked down at me with glittering eyes. "You're so damn beautiful. All I could think about while I watched you stretch was what you would look like naked. The sounds you would make when I touched you. It's even better than anything I could have imagined."

I was helpless against his words and mouth as he leaned down and caught one of my nipples in his mouth, sucking hard. The feeling was so exquisite that I felt like I was going to come then and there. Jackson gave the same attention to my other nipple as I threaded my hands through his hair, feeling as if it was a lifesaver in a sea of sensations.

I reached down and started pulling up his shirt, wanting to see him and feel his chest against me with no clothes. Jackson propped himself up and pulled his shirt over his head and then leaned back down to kiss me. The sensation of his bare chest against my sensitized nipples was almost too much to handle as I kissed him back wildly, running my hands down his muscular back.

"I need to see all of you," Jackson muttered against my mouth. He kissed his way down my body, running his tongue down my stomach until he met the top of my leggings and skirt. He slowly and excruciating slipped my leggings and panties down my legs.

I was too aroused to feel any nervousness about baring myself to Jackson. All I could think about was how much I wanted him inside of me. I reached down to pull off my skirt, but Jackson stopped me.

"I want you wearing that skirt while you have your legs wrapped around me. I've been imagining you naked with nothing on except that see-through skirt since I saw you wearing it.

My insides clenched as warmth flooded between my legs at his words. Jackson leaned down and started kissing my thighs, working closer and closer to my wetness until I thought I would scream with desire.

When he gently stroked my swollen lips with a finger, I had to bite my lip to stop from begging him to take me.

"So wet," he whispered as he looked up at me. "You're dripping wet for me."

I stared into his eyes, seeing my own need mirrored in his. It was intensely erotic watching him lower his head, his eyes still locked on mine. When I felt his tongue lick my wetness, I cried out shamelessly.

"So sweet," he muttered as he drew my swollen bud into his mouth, suckling hard. My hips shot off the bed as he kept his mouth on me, sucking on my aroused bud until I felt like I could take no more. Until I felt him slip a finger inside of me.

"So tight and wet for me."

I sobbed, thrashing my head back and forth on the pillow. "Please. I need you inside of me."

I heard a zipper and the crinkle of a foil packet and then Jackson was hovering over me, his face tight with desire and the muscles in his arms corded as he supported himself above me. My black skirt pooled around my waist as I wrapped my legs around him.

"Tell me if I'm hurting you," he said through clenched teeth as I felt the head of his arousal invading my swollen lips. I arched my hips off the bed, eager to have him inside me. My movement caused part of him to slide into me and I reveled at how tightly he stretched me even without entering me fully.

"Fuck," Jackson hissed as he held himself still. He tried to smile at me, but I could see the effort it was taking for him not to move. "Careful sweetheart or this is going to be over before it's begun."

"I don't care," I said, my need making me bold. "Please. Fuck me."

Jackson grinned, looking almost feral as he slid deeper into me. "You got it."

I cried out in sweet agony as he pounded into me, the fullness of him stretching me to the point of pain. But I didn't care. All I cared about was him slamming into me, driving the coil of pressure inside of me tighter and tighter until I couldn't take it anymore. When he reached down and flicked the bud of my arousal as he continued thrusting into me, I keened in pure pleasure as I felt waves and waves of my orgasm undulating across my body.

After the pleasure of my release faded, I looked up at Jackson. His teeth were gritted and his eyes were dark as he continued to thrust into me, his clenched jaw showing just how close he was. I reached up and caressed his jaw and that seemed to be his undoing.

"Christ, Emma," he groaned as he shuddered, his arousal pumping inside of me as he found his release. It was a beautiful sight and I thought I would never forget what Jackson Reynard looked like losing himself in me.

Jackson collapsed on the bed and rolled over next to me, dragging me with him so that I was half on top of him. He looked exhausted as he fought to catch his breath, his eyes closed.

"Jackson? Are you okay?"

Jackson opened his eyes, their green depths sparkling as he grinned at me.

"I'd say I'm more than okay."

I felt my sanity return as the glow of the incredible hot sex I had just engaged in wore off. I was uncomfortably aware of my legs sprawled on top of Jackson and my skirt bunched up around my waist. My right arm was across Jackson's chest and he was lightly stroking it with his fingertips. I was glaringly aware of how naked I was and I got a good look at Jackson's arousal for the first time, impressive even at half-mast.

I shifted my head to look up at Jackson to find him watching me with a self-satisfied expression on his face. I didn't know what the protocol was for one night stands since this was my first one. It was still yet to be determined whether this would become a full-blown fling.

"Well," I said intelligently, not knowing what else to say.

Jackson raised his eyebrows. "That's all you have to say? Well?"

"Well," I repeated stupidly.

Jackson smiled gently and craned his head down to kiss me softly on the mouth. Despite the mind-blowing sex we had just had, I still felt the stirrings of desire from his kiss.

"I seem to have rendered you speechless. Hopefully in a good way."

I smiled, telling myself I didn't have anything to be embarrassed about. People did these kinds of things all the time. It had been fun. I shouldn't be embarrassed about it.

"I'm still trying to figure out how many more times we have to do that for me to work off the chicken marsala."

Jackson chuckled. "Four or five times. At least."

I raised an eyebrow. "Then I won't be able to walk out of here."

"Who said anything about you walking out of here?"

I looked at him blankly, not knowing how to answer.

"What time do you have to be at work tomorrow?" he asked.

"Nine o'clock."

Jackson moved to his side, shifting me so that I was on my side as well facing him. He propped his head up with his hand and absently started stroking my back with the other.

"If you stay over, I promise to get you back to your apartment tomorrow morning so that you have enough time to get ready for work."

I felt tingles of pleasure at Jackson's apparent desire to have me stay.

"I guess it's okay then," I replied, masking my eagerness.

Jackson quirked his mouth. "Don't sound so excited by the prospect."

I grinned, shedding my facade of nonchalance. "I'll jump up and down in excitement about it later. Right now, I'm too worn out from the workout you just put me through."

Jackson beamed and I felt a warmth flood my insides at the boyish happiness on his face.

"That means you get rewarded with dessert."

I arched a brow. "Didn't we just have dessert?"

Jackson winked at me. "I like those naughty thoughts. But I have an actual cake waiting for us."

Jackson gave me a quick kiss and got up from the bed. I looked at him with unabashed admiration. Jackson clothed was out of this world, but Jackson naked was a revelation. His body was perfectly chiseled with muscles without the heavy bulk. And that was before my eyes traveled lower. It was hard to look away as he peeled off the condom and threw it into a nearby trashcan.

Jackson pulled on his shorts and grinned at me lying in bed watching him.

"I could look at you like that all day."

I flushed as I realized how wanton I must look, draped across his bed naked except for a sheer film of a skirt. I tugged it down, but the material was so flimsy that it was see-through and didn't hide anything. My body was marked with our recent passion, my nipples swollen and my inner thighs red from the scrape of Jackson's stubble.

I pulled a sheet to cover myself but Jackson stopped me. "Don't do that. You're beautiful."

He bent his head down and softly kissed one of my nipples. I held my breath as he looked up at me. He smiled at me faintly.

"I better stop or we'll never get to dessert."

I laughed and got up from the bed, feeling desirable as I saw Jackson's eyes rake over me. I reached down to grab my leggings and shirt from the floor where they had been discarded earlier.

"Can't you just wear that skirt?"

"Jackson, I'm not parading around here almost naked. Especially while I'm shoveling cake into my mouth."

"Okay," Jackson relented, although he looked disappointed. He rummaged through his dresser and pulled out a t-shirt. "Why don't you just wear this. I'll be a lot more comfortable and you can sleep in it."

I took the t-shirt that Jackson handed me and slipped it over my head, thrilled that he was being so considerate. I slipped off the skirt and pulled my panties back on, running my fingers through my hair and hoping it didn't look too much of a mess.

"Did you go to Columbia?" I asked, looking down at the lettering of the shirt I was now swimming in. The hem of the shirt went halfway down my thighs since Jackson was so much taller than I was.

"Yeah," Jackson said as he took my hand and drew me into the living room.

"Smart and a good cook," I observed as I sat down on the couch. "What girl could resist?"

"Certainly not you," Jackson said, looking at me innocently.

"Very funny," I replied in a stern voice, but I ruined the effect by laughing. "Now where's my cake?"

Jackson sighed in mock disappointment. "Now that she's had her way with me, she only wants me for my dessert."

I felt myself grinning widely as Jackson disappeared into the kitchen. I couldn't remember the last time I had so much fun bantering with someone. Especially after a hot session of sex. Yes, I was definitely going to have a summer fling.

Jackson walked back out with two plates, each with a large slice of white cake with about ten thin layers, frosted generously with white frosting and coconut shreds.

"I hope you like coconut," Jackson said, handing me a plate and fork.

My eyes lit up. "I love coconut." I took a bite and it was heavenly. "Don't tell me you made this!"

Jackson grinned as he sat down next to me and started eating his own slice of cake. "As much as I'd like to impress you and say yes, I picked it up from a bakery."

"It's okay," I said, relishing each bite of the cake. "You get points for picking out a terrific cake."

I paused mid-bite as I looked up at Jackson.

"You're doing it again," I said accusingly.

"Doing what?"

"Watching me eat!"

Jackson reached out and tucked my hair behind one ear. My breath caught at the sweetness of the gesture. "Is that such a bad thing? I like watching you enjoy yourself."

"Well," I said, drawing out the word. There wasn't much I could say to that. So I decided to change the subject. "What did you study at Columbia?"

Jackson smiled as if he knew I was changing the subject on purpose, but he complied. "Business management. My father wanted me to join the family company, but it's not for me. I can't imagine spending my whole life on dry mergers and acquisitions."

"What type of company does your father own?"

"It's a management consultant firm. Boring stuff."

"What about your mother?"

"She spends most of her days on charity boards. As much as I like making fun of her about being a lady that lunches, she actually does a lot of good through her charities."

"That's great," I said, smiling. "I think my mother just uses her charity group as an excuse to socialize."

"What about your dad?" Jackson asked, setting his now empty plate on the floor next to the couch since he didn't have a coffee table. "What does he do?"

"He was a lawyer. He passed away while I was in high school."

"I'm sorry to hear that. Do you mind if I ask what happened?"

I shook my head. It was amazing how easy it was to confide in Jackson. Maybe because it seemed like he actually cared, instead of just asking out of obligation. "He had a heart attack when I was a sophomore. It was totally unexpected. One day he was healthy and full of life. The next day he was gone."

Jackson reached out and cupped my face, stroking my cheek with his thumb. "That must have been hard."

"It was, but fortunately my mom and I are pretty close. We were able to get through it together." I didn't add that Sean had been my anchor during that time of my life. Despite what I told Jackson, my mother had been too wrapped up in her own grief to help me through mine. Sean had kept me sane and grounded. I couldn't count how many times he stayed on the phone with me all hours of the night while I sobbed about the unfairness of it all.

"I'm happy to hear that."

"Are you close with your parents?"

Jackson dropped his hand and took my empty plate from me, stacking it on top of his on the floor.

"I'm pretty close to both of them. My dad can be a little heavy-handed about him wanting me to join his company, but I think he's accepted that I'm really giving this acting thing a go."

Jackson put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me close. I snuggled into him, relishing the feeling of his bare chest against my cheek. The music we danced to earlier had ended long ago and Jackson picked up a remote to flick on another playlist. I relaxed against him as I listened to Frank Sinatra croon about the way you look tonight.

"You really like the oldies, huh?" I commented.

"They're the best."

I yawned, the long day and the earth-shattering sex having taken its toll. We sat there for a while, just listening to music as we cuddled. I felt myself drifting off as Jackson gently stroked my arm, lulling me to sleep.

I woke up with a start, sitting up. Jackson's head was against the couch and his eyes fluttered open at my movement. He sat up and stretched, pulling his arms above his head, and I admired the rippling effect it had on his muscles. He caught me gawking and smiled at me.

"How long have we been asleep?" I asked, flushing a little. I was the one who had balked at Jackson watching me, and now I was the one mooning over him.

Jackson checked the clock on the wall. "For about an hour. I'm supposed to be the trainer, but I guess the workout you gave me wore me out."

I smiled at him mischievously, running my fingers down his hard muscled chest. "Ready for your next session?"

Jackson looked at me with amusement. "Shouldn't we be pacing ourselves?"

I shook my head. "You had your way with me before. Now it's my turn to be in control."

Jackson arched an eyebrow, his eyes sparkling with anticipation. "Is that so?"

"Yup."

I grabbed his hand and this time it was me that dragged him into the bedroom. I showed him just how in control I could be with my hands, my mouth and my tongue, until he couldn't take any more and flipped me on my back, pounding into me until I was the one begging for my release.

Chapter Five

I squinted at the sun streaming into the room, trying to get my bearings as I woke up in an unfamiliar bed. The memories of the night before rushed through me as I looked over at Jackson who was still sleeping peacefully. He was lying on his stomach, his face turned towards me with one arm hooked around my waist. I drank in the sight of him now that I could stare at him in leisure. His ridiculously long eyelashes cast shadows on his face and my gaze trailed down his straight nose to his kissable mouth, resisting the urge to reach up and stroke his lips.

Jackson looked vulnerable in his sleep and I felt a stirring inside me. I pushed the feeling aside and just enjoyed the feeling of waking up with a gorgeous man next to me.

I craned my neck up so that I could see the alarm clock over Simon's shoulders on the other side of the bed. It was almost seven in the morning and I needed to get home so I had time to shower and get ready for work.

I gingerly lifted Jackson's arm from my waist and tried to slip out, but his arm suddenly tightened around me.

My eyes shot to his face and I saw that he was awake and watching me.

"Where do you think you're going?"

"I have to get back home to get ready for work."

Jackson turned his head around to check the time. He then pulled me close and nuzzled his face in my neck, enveloping me in his arms.

"It's still early."

"Jackson, I can't be late for work." I tried to make my voice firm, but I was weakening against his caresses. Being so close to him, wrapped up in him, was intoxicating. He smelled warm and masculine and felt even better.

I squealed as Jackson licked my neck. "That tickles!"

Jackson lifted his head and grinned at me. "That was supposed to tempt you into staying in bed."

I rolled my eyes and smacked his shoulder. "You're supposed to be making sure I get to work on time. Remember? That was the deal for staying over."

Jackson groaned but rolled over, releasing me. "Okay, okay," he grumbled but I knew he wasn't really disgruntled because of his sparkling eyes.

I grabbed my clothes and went into the bathroom that was connected to the bedroom. I gasped when I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked like a fright with my hair sticking out in all different directions. I quickly changed back into my leggings and top, threw some water on my face, and then wrangled my tangled hair into a ponytail.

When I stepped back into the bedroom, Jackson was gone. I made the bed and folded the shirt he had given me to sleep in and laid it on the bed.

I heard Jackson rummaging around in the kitchen as I left the bedroom and I walked over to join him. He had thrown on a t-shirt and jeans and was fiddling with the coffee maker.

He looked up at my approach. "How do you take your coffee?"

"Jackson," I said warningly. "I don't have time to drink coffee."

"I have to-go cups we can use. Now how do you take your coffee?"

"Milk and one sugar, please."

I watched Jackson pour coffee into two paper cups with plastic tops, just like the ones you would get at a coffee shop.

"Where are you going?"

Jackson looked up at me, grinning. "I can't let you walk home by yourself. My mother didn't raise a heathen."

Jackson was continually surprising me with his thoughtfulness. I could get used to this. I grabbed my bag and we made our way downstairs in the elevator.

"Hi, Sam," Jackson greeted the doorman.

"Good morning, Mr. Reynard." The doorman smiled and tipped his head at me in greeting as we walked past and I smiled back weakly, flushing since it was so obvious that I was now making the walk of shame. The fact that the object of my shame was walking next to me didn't lessen the embarrassment.

It was a beautiful morning when we stepped outside. It was early enough that the air was still crisp and the city seemed to be just waking up.

"Do you want to take a cab or walk?"

"Let's walk," I said, unable to stop smiling foolishly at Jackson. He looked ridiculously handsome this morning and it was hard to stop beaming. "I don't live very far away."

Jackson took hold of my hand and we walked to my apartment, sipping coffee and talking about nothing important, commenting on the stores we passed.

"What are you doing tonight?" Jackson asked when we were a couple of streets away from my apartment. I was thrilled that he seemed to want to spend more time with me, but I didn't want to overcommit myself and be distracted from work.

"Probably working late," I replied. "There's a lot of stuff that my boss wants to finish up before the weekend."

Jackson frowned but nodded. "Do you think you'll be working late tomorrow too?"

"Probably not if I'm working late tonight." As much as I didn't want to be distracted from work, I definitely still wanted to make time for Jackson. "Why?"

"So I can take you out to a proper dinner," Jackson said, grinning. "Afterwards, you can come see the play."

"I was more than happy with last night's dinner, but it's a date," I said wryly. We stopped in front of the doors of my apartment building.

"Have a good day at work," Jackson said, looking reluctant to leave.

"Thanks. Do you work today?"

Jackson nodded. "I have a day shift."

"Then have fun whipping your clients into shape."

Jackson smiled and leaned down, kissing me softly. When we broke apart, we were both breathing heavily, even from a light kiss.

"I better leave before I follow you up the stairs and really make you late for work."

I laughed as I walked into my building. "Bye, Jackson."

He smiled at me with such sweetness that I felt a sudden ache in my chest.

"Bye, Emma."

I practically flew up the three flights of stairs as if I were floating. Only five days into my new life in New York and I was already experiencing the dizzying heights of happiness. I wanted to laugh out loud in glee.

Claire was sitting in the living room watching TV when I walked in, which surprised me. She had always still been in bed the past few days when I had left for work.

She looked up from the TV and smiled. "Looks like someone had a good night."

I blushed, feeling as if Claire could see right through me and all the illicit things I had done last night.

"Jackson's nice."

Claire raised an eyebrow. "I think it takes more than nice to keep you out all night."

I flopped down on the couch next to her with a deep sigh. "Okay, it was amazing. Exhilarating. Life-altering. Jackson Reynard definitely knows how to make a woman feel special."

Claire laughed at my dramatics. "You don't have to tell me. I've been friends with Jackson long enough to know his routine."

I sat up, feeling deflated by her words. "What do you mean?"

Claire shook her head, looking apologetic. "I didn't mean it like that. Jackson's not some man-whore or anything. I just know the effect that he can have on women. I'd be blind not to notice it."

"Does he date a lot?"

"Well..." Claire responded, drawing out the word. "Like I said before, he doesn't really do serious relationships. But while he's with you, life is golden." She shrugged. "Not that I would know. We only went out on a couple of dates a million years ago. That's just what it seems like from what I've observed."

I ignored the spurt of disappointment. What Jackson was offering was exactly what I was looking for.

"That's fine with me. I'm just looking for some fun, nothing serious. The last thing I want to do is get into a relationship."

Claire looked relieved. "I'm happy to hear that. I'd hate for you to be hurt once he loses interest." She bit her lip, seeming to realize how that sounded. "I mean, not that he'll lose interest. Who knows, maybe you could be the one."

I laughed as I rose from the couch. "The only one I want to be right now is the one that's not going to be late for work."

I took a shower and got ready for work, keeping an eye on the time. As I was emptying my purse, I noticed that I was missing my black skirt. I made a mental note to ask Jackson later if I had left it at his apartment.

Claire was in her bedroom when I stepped out of my room, so I left without saying goodbye, not wanting to disturb her in case she had fallen back asleep.

Work was busy as Janet gave me plenty to do. I hadn't been lying when I told Jackson that there were a lot of things that my boss wanted finished before the weekend.

Janet left for a business lunch and I settled in my desk with a sandwich I had picked up so that I could catch up on some emails. Celeste, who wheeled over to my cubicle in her chair, interrupted me. I swore she had that chair surgically attached to her rear.

"So how was the big date?" Celeste asked slyly. "I was disappointed that you didn't show up in the same clothes you were wearing yesterday."

"Celeste!" I protested, but I couldn't help laughing. "You have a one track mind."

"Well? Are you going to make me ask again?"

I groaned but complied. I had only known Celeste for a few days, but I knew she could be doggedly persistent.

"It was good. Actually, it was really good." I leaned back in my chair as I thought about how Jackson had made me feel. "His name is Jackson and he's actually a friend of my roommate's. It doesn't hurt that he's gorgeous and sweet and a great cook."

"Oh, really?" Celeste interrupted gleefully. If she were a cartoon character, her eyes would be bugging out and popping out of her head on springs. "How do you know he's a great cook?"

"After the gym we went back to his place and he made me dinner."

Celeste sighed and leaned back in her chair. "This is why I have to live vicariously through you. I just went home and heated up leftovers for my husband."

I laughed at Celeste's disgusted expression. "It was amazing."

"How amazing? Clothes dropping to the floor amazing?"

"Celeste!" I was scandalized by her bluntness and I couldn't help reddening from the accuracy of her statement.

"Ah ha!" she exclaimed triumphantly. "I knew it! Nothing wrong with that, honey. You're young. You're allowed to have fun."

"That's exactly what I'm looking for. Fun. Jackson seems to be looking for the same thing, so it's a perfect fit."

Celeste frowned. "He told you that? That he was just looking for some fun?"

"No, but my roommate has been friends with him for years. She knows him pretty well so she filled me in on the types of relationships he looks for. And he looks for the no-strings attached kind, which is good with me."

"Did they ever date? Your roommate and Jackson."

"They went out on a few dates when they first met, but that was years ago. They realized that they were better off as friends."

Celeste looked unconvinced but her phone started ringing and she wheeled back to her cubicle to answer it.

I went back to my emails when I heard my cell phone beep inside my desk drawer. I pulled it out to see that I had a text from Jackson. I felt giddy as I opened it.

How's New York's most up-and-coming marketing executive's day going?

Good. How's the city's most sought after trainer's day going?

Average. It started out amazing, but now I'm just counting the minutes until Friday.

I giggled like a schoolgirl, happy that Celeste wasn't around to see me grinning so foolishly.

I'm looking forward to Friday too. Thanks for the wonderful dinner last night.

No problem. Thanks for an incredible evening. And an amazing morning. I like waking up next to you.

Heart-wrenchingly sweet things just seemed to roll off Jackson's tongue. Well, his fingers anyway, since he was texting. It was hard to keep a clear head when he said those kinds of things to me.

I like waking up next to you too.

I hit send before I could change my mind, a little shocked at my own boldness. I wasn't used to laying bare my feelings. I wondered if I felt freer to express myself because I knew this wouldn't be a long-term relationship.

Call me when you get home from work, even if it's late.

Okay. Talk to you later.

I forced myself to put my cell phone back in my desk. I didn't need to be tittering like an idiot all day, checking my phone constantly to see if I had a text message from Jackson.

Fortunately, the day was busy and I didn't have a moment to spare to think about Jackson. As I had anticipated, I worked late and didn't get home until nine-thirty. The apartment was empty when I got home and I changed quickly into shorts and a t-shirt. Janet and I had ordered dinner delivered while we worked so the only thing left to do was call Jackson.

As I lay in bed, listening to the phone ringing, I started getting nervous. Even though I had done the most intimate of things with Jackson, we had only met a few days ago. I still felt jittery just thinking about his face above me, looking at me with passion and desire.

"Emma." Jackson's voice was bright, as if he were happy to hear from me.

"Hi, Jackson." I paused, unsure what to say next. "How was your day?"

"It was okay, nothing earth-shattering. That was reserved for last night."

I laughed, feeling some of the tension drain away from me. "You're going to give me an inflated ego if you keep saying things like that to me."

I could practically hear Jackson grinning through the telephone. "That's not the only thing inflating when we're together."

I groaned. "That's so corny."

"Okay, enough of my lame come-ons," Jackson said laughing. "How was work? Did you just get home?"

"Yeah, it was tiring but I'm still enjoying it. Fortunately, we got a lot done today so I don't have to work late tomorrow."

"Great! Can I pick you up tomorrow at six-thirty? That way, we'll have enough time for dinner before the play. It doesn't start until nine."

"That should be fine, but don't you need to rehearse or something beforehand?"

"Nah. We still have rehearsals every now and then during the weekdays, but it's pretty sporadic since the show is running now."

"Before I forget, did I leave my skirt at your place?"

"Yup. I liked the way it looked on my floor."

"There you go again," I said laughing. Jackson was irrepressible. "Can you bring it tomorrow?"

"Why would I do that?" Jackson asked slyly. "It's an excuse to get you over to my apartment again."

I rolled my eyes even though he couldn't see me. "I don't need an excuse to want to come over to your place again."

"Ah, I'm happy to hear that. Let's just say I'm holding onto your skirt as leverage."

I smiled at Jackson's playfulness. "If you say so. How many people did you train today?"

Jackson regaled me with funny stories about his day, from the client who refused to ride the stationery bike because it was against her vow of chastity to another client who spritzed perfume on herself every five minutes to dilute the smell of sweat, giving everyone a headache around her.

Jackson seemed genuinely interested as he asked me about the details of my day, and about what I was working on at Mass. It was easy to talk to him. He was a good listener and made me laugh. It felt good to have someone to tell the details of my day to, from what I ate for lunch to the scandalous things Celeste said to me. It had been a while since I had someone to talk to like this. Sean and I had stopped sharing details long before we broke up, seemingly just living side by side without much interaction.

I looked at my alarm clock, surprised that we had been on the phone for almost two hours.

"It's almost midnight," I said. "I need to go to sleep or I'm going to be the walking dead tomorrow."

"Alright. I'll be at your place tomorrow at six-thirty. See you tomorrow."

"See you tomorrow," I echoed. I waited for Jackson to hang up but there was just silence. I wasn't sure if he was still on the line.

"Hello?"

"Hi," he answered back with a laugh.

"Jackson, you're supposed to hang up!"

"So are you."

"Okay, I'm really hanging up now. It feels too junior high to argue about who's going to hang up first."

"Okay. Sweet dreams."

"Sweet dreams to you too."

I hung up before I could be tempted to stay on the phone to see if Jackson was still on the line. It was as if we were reduced to puppy love teenagers reluctant to hang up the phone and break the connection.

I steeled myself against the giddy emotions rising in me. I really needed to be careful and not get my emotions too tangled up in this. When our fling ended, I wanted to be able to be friends with Jackson. Although I didn't know how any woman could just be friends with Jackson.

I left my bedroom to go to the bathroom to wash up for bed and saw that Claire had come home. She was sitting on the couch flipping through a magazine.

"Hey. I didn't hear you come in."

Claire looked up. "I just got in a few minutes ago. I met Nathan and Mia for a few drinks at Max's. What have you been up to?"

"Not much. I got home late and then I talked to Jackson on the phone for a while. I'm ready for bed, I'm beat."

"How's Jackson doing?"

"Good," I said as I walked into the bathroom. I left the door open so that Claire could still hear me. "How's Nathan and Mia?"

"The same. Nathan wanted me to remind you about his art show on Sunday."

"Oh yeah," I said as I started wiping off my makeup with a cotton ball. "I'd love to go."

Claire stood and leaned against the doorjamb of the bathroom, watching me. "Great. We'll all go together. It starts at six."

I smiled at Claire in the reflection of the mirror. "Sounds good."

Claire twirled a piece of her hair around her finger, looking thoughtful. "Nathan asked Jackson to come meet us out tonight, but he said that he couldn't because he was busy."

I felt a little bubble of happiness that Jackson had apparently wanted to stay home for my call, but I just shrugged. "I'm not sure what he was up to before I called him."

"Did he know that you were going to call?"

Claire questions seemed odd and I began to wonder if she had been entirely truthful about her lack of feelings for Jackson.

"He asked me to call him tonight when I got home from work."

Claire suddenly smiled widely at me. "I never thought I'd see it."

"See what?" I turned around to look at Claire.

"I think Jackson Reynard has it bad for you!"

I laughed, shaking my head. "We're just having fun together, that's all."

Claire looked thoughtful. "I've never known Jackson to wait around for a girl's call. This is something more."

"I doubt it," I said, trying not to feel excited by her words. I reminded myself that I wasn't looking for something more. At least I didn't have to worry about Claire and her feelings. She looked positively ecstatic at the possibility that Jackson saw me as more than a fling.

"Hmm," Claire said noncommittally but her eyes were dancing.

"Enough," I said with a laugh, holding up my hand. "You're going to make me all confused about what's going on between me and Jackson."

"Okay," she said in a singsong voice, clearly not convinced. She went back to the couch and her magazine.

"I'm going to bed," I said when I was finished washing up, flicking off the bathroom light switch. "Are you staying up?"

Claire nodded. "I can never go to sleep right after I come home. I'm too wired. I need time to unwind."

"Okay, goodnight."

"Goodnight. Sweet dreams." Claire winked at me and I just smiled. It seemed like everyone was wishing me sweet dreams tonight.

Friday dragged even though I had plenty to do during the workday. I couldn't help checking my watch every half hour, willing the time to go by faster as I excitedly anticipated seeing Jackson tonight.

I was checking my watch again, happy that it was almost time to leave, when my intercom buzzed.

"Hi, Janet," I said, picking up the phone.

"Can you come in here for a minute, Emma?"

"Sure." I grabbed my pad and pen, hoping that this wasn't something that would delay my leaving for my day. I opened Janet's door and she glanced up, motioning me in, and then looked back at the stack of papers on her desk.

I sat down and waited while Janet finished scanning the document before her. She finally looked up, smiling.

"How did you like your first week?"

"It was great! Everyone's been really helpful and it's been interesting to work on your accounts."

"I'm happy to hear that. I just wanted to let you know that I thought you did a terrific job this week. I'm glad that you took initiative on things, like researching Canonfield's competitors without me having to ask you."

Canonfield, a pharmaceutical company, was Janet's biggest client and I knew it was her top priority, so I had done some additional research about its competitors' current drug trials for Janet to review. I was appreciative of Janet's recognition of my work. Even though she was usually in work mode, delegating responsibilities in a no-nonsense style, she reminded me that she was human with glimpses of humor and kindness.

"Thanks, Janet. I'm really enjoying working here so far."

"Great," Janet said with a smile. "You can leave for the day. I won't be here much longer. Have a good weekend." She looked back down at the report on her desk, clearly dismissing me.

"You too!" I closed her office door behind me and saw Celeste's head peeping up above her cubicle wall.

"You leaving?"

I nodded excitedly. I had already told Celeste about my date with Jackson tonight and she had made me promise to memorize every detail so I could fill her in on Monday.

I powered down my computer and grabbed my purse from my desk drawer.

"Have a great weekend, Celeste."

"You too," she said with a sly wink. "Remember, I want all the details."

I laughed as I slung my purse over my shoulder. The subway ride home was quick which was fortunate because I was stuck in a car with no air conditioning. Even the oppressive heat of being underground in a poorly ventilated subway car couldn't dampen my spirits.

Claire wasn't home when I got to the apartment. She had been up early again this morning and I had told her I was coming to see her show tonight after having dinner with Jackson. She seemed excited and made me promise to go out for drinks with her afterwards. I didn't think Jackson would mind going out for a few drinks so I agreed.

I had an hour to get ready so I took a leisurely shower. As I let the warm water run over my body, I couldn't help but remember Jackson's hands on me, caressing me in places I had never thought of as erotic. His soft kiss on the back of my knee had sent chills running through my body. I was taut with the anticipation of feeling his lips on me again.

I turned off the water and got out of the shower before my wayward thoughts made me late. I had texted Jackson earlier today, not knowing how I should dress for dinner. He had replied to dress casually although he wouldn't tell me where we were going. So I slipped on a pair of skintight dark jeans that I knew did wonders for my ass, pairing it with a black halter top and black high heels.

I took time with my makeup instead of the usual swipe of mascara and lipstick I applied most mornings. Smoky eyes and dark red lips completed the look and I brushed my hair until it was shiny and smooth. I studied myself in the mirror, turning my head from one side to the other.

Not bad, I thought. With my short stature and curvy figure I wouldn't be gracing any runways, but I was satisfied that I looked my best.

I checked the clock in the living room since I didn't want to wear a watch with my outfit and saw that it was six-fifteen. I sat down on the couch, nervously tapping my foot. I tried flipping through a magazine, but I just ended up staring at the pages unseeingly. I had given up on the magazine and was going to flick on the television when I heard the front door buzzer. I ran over and pressed the button to speak.

"Hello?"

"It's Jackson."

"Come on up," I replied as I pressed the button to unlock the front door. My stomach was twisting in knots, anticipation and nerves jostling together.

I opened the apartment door when I heard Jackson bounding up the steps. My insides warmed when I caught sight of him. A part of me had wondered if I had imagined how gorgeous Jackson was. I now realized that my imagination hadn't done him justice.

He was wearing dark jeans and a grey button-down shirt that was untucked. Even though his clothes weren't form fitting, you could clearly see his defined muscles underneath. His dark hair was tousled and his green eyes looked happy to see me. His wide smile showed off his dimples and I wondered if I would ever get used to them. They were so boyishly charming in his decidedly masculine face.

"Hi," Jackson said, leaning down to brush my lips with his. He walked into the apartment, seemingly familiar with his surroundings. I reminded myself that he must have been in this apartment many times since he was friends with Claire.

Jackson grabbed my hand, twirling me around. "You look good enough to eat."

I laughed at his lascivious look. "Thanks. You look nice too."

"We've gotta get out of here before I'm tempted to forget about dinner," he said with a wink. "Ready to go?"

"Yup, let me just get my purse." I grabbed my black clutch that I had laid on the breakfast table as well as my keys. When we got to the sidewalk in front of my building, Jackson held up a hand to hail a cab.

"We're not walking?"

"It's not too far away but not close enough to walk." Jackson glanced down at my feet. "Especially with those shoes."

"Hey, these are comfortable," I said defensively.

Jackson quirked his mouth. "I'm not complaining. My imagination is already in overdrive with what I want to do to you while you wear nothing but those heels."

I bit my lip, not knowing what to say. Jackson just grinned, those dimples peeking out at me again.

Fortunately, a cab stopped in front of us, saving me from having to respond.

"20th between Broadway and Park," Jackson told the cab driver after we had climbed into the backseat.

"Now are you going to tell me where we're going to dinner?"

"Gramercy Tavern. It's one of my favorite restaurants."

"Wait a second," I said horrified. "Isn't that a fancy restaurant? I'm not dressed for a nice restaurant! You said casual!"

"Don't worry, it's pretty casual. You look perfect."

I frowned but I was soon distracted by Jackson's hand holding mine, his thumb absentmindedly stroking the skin between my thumb and forefinger. An area I had never thought of as being sensitized enough to give me chills from his touch.

By the time we pulled up in front of the restaurant I had forgotten all about dress codes, but Jackson was right. When we walked inside the restaurant, there were people dressed formally but I saw plenty of others dressed like us.

"Good evening, Mr. Reynard," the maitre d' said as we approached. "It's good to see you."

"You too, Marcus. I have a reservation for two at seven o'clock."

"Of course." The maitre d' grabbed two menus and guided us to our table. I followed, nonplussed. Jackson must come here a lot for him to be on a first name basis with the staff.

I swallowed a gasp when I saw the menu. The only thing offered was a prix fixe menu and it was much more than I was used to spending for dinner.

I peeked over the menu at Jackson, but he was just nonchalantly looking at his own. He looked up and caught me staring at him.

"What's wrong?" he asked.

"Nothing. This is just a lot of food," I lied. "Is it a good idea to eat all of this before your show?"

Jackson smiled. "I could eat a ten course dinner and still be fine for the show. I won't have more than one drink though. I doubt the audience wants to see me slurring through my lines."

I nodded and looked back at the menu. I suppose if Jackson was okay with paying these prices for the food, then I was okay with eating it.

Our waiter came over, filling our glasses with water. Jackson looked over at me.

"What do you want to drink?"

"I'll take a vodka tonic."

Jackson looked up at the waiter. "She'll have a vodka tonic. Belvedere. I'll have the 18 year Macallan with a splash of water."

"You'll have the what?" I asked after the waiter had walked away.

"It's just a brand of scotch."

I nodded as if I went to nice restaurants every day where the maitre d' knew you by first name and your date ordered drinks that only fifty-year-old men drank.

"You order drinks like you're an actual adult."

Jackson grinned. "I am an actual adult. So are you."

I laughed. "I know. I just still feel like a kid sometimes."

"Why do you say that?"

I shrugged. "I'm not sure. Maybe because I'm starting over again in a new city. Back in D.C., it was the opposite. I used to feel ten years older than I actually was. I think it was because my life was mapped out before me and I could see exactly what would happen in the next twenty years. Now I'm not sure what's going to happen in the next twenty minutes."

"Is that good or bad?" Jackson asked.

"It's good, I think. Better to figure out what I want now than have a mid-life crisis in twenty years."

We were interrupted by the waiter who brought our drinks and took our order. The amount of courses we had to choose from was a little daunting, but Jackson assured me that the portion sizes were small.

"To being young at heart," Jackson said after the waiter had left, holding his glass up for a toast.

I clinked my glass with his, laughing. "I think we're a little too young to be making a toast like that. We're not just young at heart. We're young, period."

Jackson grinned. "You forget, I'm two years your senior. You'd be amazed by the amount of wisdom I've gained in just two years."

"I'll keep that in mind," I said smiling.

"So why did you feel like you had your life mapped out for you?" Jackson asked, taking a sip of his drink. "Does it have anything to do with the ex-boyfriend Claire mentioned at Max's?"

The last thing I expected Jackson to do was bring up Sean. I didn't even think Claire's mention of him last Sunday had registered. Obviously, Jackson assumed that I had meant ex-boyfriend when I had said ex.

"Kind of," I said, fiddling around with my glass. I looked up at Jackson with a small smile. "We were together a long time and everyone expected us to end up together, including me."

"So what changed?" Jackson was looking at me intently and it was hard not to squirm under his scrutiny.

"Me, I guess." I sighed, taking another sip of my vodka tonic. "It's not even that I really changed. I always knew that my ex and I were destined to lead a dull life together. I guess at a certain point I just accepted it. But after a while I realized it wasn't enough."

"How long were you together?"

I bit my lip, not wanting to get into this, but Jackson seemed more than a little interested in the topic. "Since we were fifteen."

Jackson leaned back in his chair with an unreadable expression on his face. "That's a long time."

I nodded. "It is. But we were more friends than anything else for most of that time. It was comfortable."

"Did you think you were going to marry him?"

I tightened my grasp on my glass. "Isn't it bad form to talk about exes during a date?" I asked with a weak laugh.

Jackson smiled but he looked a little tense. "I'm curious. Is that okay?"

"It's okay," I replied. "It's just not a topic I love talking about. Sean, my ex, and I were engaged." I swallowed hard. "Actually, I broke off the engagement about a month before the wedding."

It was hard for me to admit that, especially to Jackson. I didn't want him to think badly of me. As much as I was relieved that I had escaped before making the biggest mistake of my life, I wasn't ignorant to the fact of how much I had hurt someone that I cared about. Sean hadn't deserved me embarrassing him in front of all our family and friends. My mistake had been letting it get to the point of having to cancel a wedding. We should have broken up years ago.

Jackson's face had darkened and I tensed. I was afraid that his opinion of me had been lowered by my confession.

"I know how it sounds," I started, wanting to fill the awkward silence. "Trust me, I never thought I would be that girl. It sounds so callous and selfish. But...I just couldn't go through with it."

Jackson shook his head. "It's not that. The last thing you should do is get married to the wrong person, no matter what the consequences are of calling it off." He sighed, running his hand through his hair. "I know it sounds crazy but the thought of you engaged to someone else...it doesn't make me feel good."

I bit my lip, not knowing what to say. I felt my heart squeeze at the words he was saying to me, at the way he was looking at me. The way he was acting didn't feel like a fling.

"I know we've known each other for less than a week, but I think we have something special here. I guess the thought of you being serious enough with someone else to almost marry him, even if it was before we met, doesn't sit well with me." Jackson gave me a faint smile. "I hope that doesn't make me sound like some crazy possessive guy."

I shook my head. "No, I understand what you mean. But I...I thought you weren't looking for anything serious."

Jackson frowned. "What made you think that?"

I wasn't sure Claire would appreciate me telling Jackson that she had warned me about him so I just shrugged.

"I don't know. I guess I just assumed we were having fun."

Jackson's frown grew more pronounced. "Is that what you want? To just have fun?"

I paused, not knowing how to answer. After the debacle with Sean, I had told myself the last thing I wanted was to get involved with another man. This was supposed to be my time to figure out what I wanted to do with my life without the influence of a man. But when that man was someone like Jackson...I wasn't sure he was someone I could refuse.

"Well, initially I wasn't looking for anything serious..." I looked up at Jackson, smiling. "Things change, I guess. It's not every day I meet someone who can whip up a mean chicken marsala."

Jackson's smile in response to my answer was dazzling and I felt a physical ache in my chest. I had a feeling that getting involved with Jackson would be riskier than packing up all my belongings and moving to New York. But it was a risk I was willing to take.

The mood was lightened as the waiter brought our first courses out. Each course was more delicious than the next. We fell over each other talking, as if we couldn't say enough to each other. There seemed to be so much to learn about Jackson and he seemed to feel the same way about me. He told me about different casting calls he had been on and how he and Nathan met when Nathan had done a short stint as a set designer on a play Jackson had been in. It felt natural to tell Jackson about my life in D.C. although I tried to keep Sean out of the conversation.

By the time dessert came out, I was feeling flushed with happiness but also uncomfortably full. I felt like I was going to pop.

"I don't think I can eat another bite," I groaned. "The last time I ate this much was Thanksgiving."

"Okay," Jackson replied mischievously. "I guess I'll just have to eat your chocolate bread pudding."

He reached over as if he was going to grab my plate when I had second thoughts.

"Well..." I said, drawing out the word. "I guess I could make room for dessert. It would be a shame to not even taste it."

Jackson grinned as he started eating his apple tart.

"This is really good," he said after his first bite. "You have to try it."

He scooped up a bite on his fork and reached across the table for me to taste. I opened my mouth and accepted the bite, feeling warmed by the intimacy of the action.

"Wow, that's good," I said. "I can see why this is your favorite restaurant."

I took a bite of my bread pudding and the apple tart was instantly forgotten.

"Oh my God," I said. "You have to try this. It's incredible."

I reached over with a spoonful of bread pudding for Jackson to taste, mimicking his earlier gesture. Jackson guided my hand with his, taking the bite of bread pudding from the spoon. Instead of releasing my hand as he ate the bite of bread pudding, he kept hold of it, gazing at me. He then smiled and turned my hand over that was still clutching the spoon, softly kissing the center of my palm with an open mouth and tasting me with his tongue.

He then released my hand and it fell limply onto the table. I felt boneless as I looked at him, his gesture making my lower body tighten.

"What was that for?" I asked, surprised at how breathless my voice sounded.

Jackson smiled slowly. "I wanted a taste of the sweetest dessert. You."

It was a good thing I was sitting; otherwise, I would have melted into a pool of desire.

"Boy, you sure know how to flatter a girl," I joked, but my voice sounded unsteady. "You must have to beat them off with a stick."

Jackson wasn't smiling at he gazed at me. "There's only one girl I'm interested in. I have a feeling that's not going to change for a long time. If ever."

That's when I realized that Jackson would be my undoing.

Chapter Six

The theater was already bustling when we arrived even though there was still half an hour left before the start of the show. It was a small venue with only about a hundred seats, but the cozy space gave it a convivial feeling, as if friends were gathering to spend an evening together. People had brought their own drinks and were sharing bottles of wine. Jackson greeted numerous people as he guided me to a seat in the front of the theater.

"Go ahead and get ready," I urged as I sat down. "I'm fine. Don't you need to change and get into makeup or something?"

Jackson smiled. "This isn't exactly a big production. It's more of a 'show up as you are and start acting' type of deal."

"Either way, I can't wait to see it! When you're a big movie star I can say that I knew you when."

"If that ever happens, you won't have to say that, because I'm betting you'll be right beside me."

Jackson leaned down and gave me a quick kiss. "Just come backstage afterwards. Enjoy the show."

He walked away and I watched his retreating back as he stopped to talk to multiple people. Jackson had a way with words that left me breathless.

I waited with anticipation, watching people arrive for the show until it was packed to capacity. When the lights darkened signaling the start of the show, it was all I could do to not bounce up and down in my seat in excitement. I couldn't wait to see Jackson onstage.

Claire came out first and she looked beautiful, the stage lights giving her a luminous quality. Her blonde hair was gleaming and her movements were lithe and graceful. There was a single chair and table on stage and she sat down, facing the audience and speaking directly to us.

"Before Matthew, I led a pretty boring life. Here in Bankford, Missouri you don't get much excitement. The biggest news around here was getting a multiplex so that we didn't have to drive to the next town to watch a movie. But I was happy. I liked my job at the local diner, my days filled with chatting up customers and slicing pie. Dating the town deputy wasn't too shabby either. Charlie was kind, good-looking and great in the sack. Life was pretty good and I was happy.

Then Matthew came into town.

Matthew was a stranger, something we don't get too often in Bankford. I served him coffee and a slice of blueberry pie, not realizing that he would change my life.

I don't know if the change was for the better or for the worse. Let me show you what happened. Then you can decide."

The stage darkened and when the lights came back on, the stage was set as a diner and Jackson was onstage. As I watched the story unfold, I couldn't take my eyes off him. He was mesmerizing, his presence commanding the stage, and the audience was quiet and still as they were absorbed in the play. Jackson's intensity rolled off of him in palpable waves. I could feel his exhilaration when his character and Claire's were discovering each other, and his pain and anguish when they were separated.

A part of me had been worried that I would feel jealous watching Jackson and Claire pretending to be in love with each other. Jackson had warned me that they had kissing scenes and I had braced myself for it, not wanting to let it bother me. But as I got involved in the story, I forgot that it was Jackson and Claire on stage. I got wrapped up in the story of Matthew and Annie, Claire's character. I laughed at their missteps of getting to know each other. I cried when they realized that a future together would hurt the people they loved. Until finally it was just Annie on stage by herself again, addressing the audience.

"I still live in Bankford, Missouri. I still spend my days serving pie. But my nights belong to the memories of Matthew. I'm not sure if my life is better or worse now. But I know I wouldn't change a thing. Because for a brief period of time I knew what true happiness was. True happiness was choosing Matthew."

The theater darkened and the audience rose to their feet, cheering. I stood up, clapping loudly, and noticed that I wasn't the only one wiping away tears. The stage lights came back on as the cast came out for their bows. Everyone drew loud applause, but the audience was thunderous as Jackson stepped up for his bow.

I clapped my hands until they tingled. I knew that I had seen something special in Jackson tonight. He had the ability to draw you in and believe everything he was feeling. It was because of his eyes. His eyes had the power to show every emotion he was experiencing, making you experience them as well. The small theater was an unintended benefit since the modest size allowed you to see every nuance of his expression, every shifting emotion of his eyes.

Jackson grinned at the crowd and my heart skipped a beat when he caught my gaze and winked at me. I smiled up at him, feeling ridiculously happy and proud.

After the cast returned backstage and the theater lights came up, I maneuvered my way through the crowd towards the stage. I heard snippets of conversation as I was jostled around and I knew I hadn't been the only one affected by Jackson's performance.

"The guy who played Matthew was amazing! What's his name?"

"Oh my God, I was practically sobbing when Matthew confessed his feelings to Annie."

"The guy who played Matthew is seriously hot."

Hearing people gush about Jackson made me ecstatic and proud. It also gave me a secret thrill that the man all the girls were gushing about was interested in me.

I stood on my toes and craned my neck when I got to the backstage entrance. I had expected to have to give my name to some bodyguard or security person to gain entrance, but since this was a small do-it-yourself production, people just swarmed in unchecked.

I caught sight of Claire and waved my hand, catching her attention. She smiled widely and motioned for me to make my way to her through the crowd.

"Excuse me," I said repeatedly as I weaved through the crowd. I gave Claire a hug when I reached her.

"The play was great, you were amazing! I almost bawled like a baby."

Claire's eyes were dancing and she looked exhilarated. "Thanks! It never gets old, being onstage. I'm glad you liked it." Claire nodded to her right and I looked in that direction. I saw Jackson being mobbed by audience members and he looked in his element, talking and laughing easily amongst them. He caught sight of me and said something to the crowd around him. He then started moving towards me.

"What did you think?" he asked, grabbing me around the waist. His eyes were sparkling and their green depths shone with happiness.

"You were incredible! I got so caught up in the play that I forgot who you were and believed that you were Matthew."

"Thanks," he said, giving me a quick kiss. "Now let's get out of this mob scene."

"Don't you want to soak up the adulation of your fans?" I asked wryly.

"I appreciate it, but I'd rather be alone with you."

"Actually, I told Claire earlier that we would get a few drinks with her after the show."

The corners of Jackson's mouth turned down. "Can't we do it another night? I thought we could just go back to my place."

"I know what your nefarious plans are," I said with a smirk. "You're just trying to have your way with me."

Jackson widened his eyes innocently. "I just thought you'd want to get your skirt." He then gave me a slow smile. "And I'd like to see you wearing it again with nothing else but those heels.

I laughed, shaking my head, but I couldn't deny the heat shooting up inside me at his words. "We can do that afterwards. I don't want to just abandon Claire after I agreed to drinks."

Jackson gave a small sigh but acquiesced. "Alright. You win. Let's just try to keep it to one drink. Claire has a tendency to drink a little too much after a show."

We weaved our way through the crowd towards Claire who had moved across the room to speak to some fellow castmates. Jackson was stopped every few steps by someone expressing their enjoyment of the show.

"Ready to go?" I asked Claire when we reached her. She had just finished talking to another cast member.

"Yeah, let me just grab my bag. Why don't I meet you guys outside in front of the theater?"

Claire disappeared into the crowd and Jackson and I made our way outside. He grabbed my hand and pulled me over to an awning a few doors down. We were in front of a flower shop and Jackson hid us behind a large flowering potted tree.

"Let's wait here. Otherwise, I'll have to make small talk with everyone."

I laughed at Jackson's evasive tactics. "What are you going to do when the paparazzi chase after you when you're famous?"

Jackson grinned. "I doubt that'll ever happen, but if it does, you can be my personal bodyguard."

"Considering you're probably at least six inches taller than me, I doubt I'll be a good shield for you."

Jackson leaned down and kissed my neck, working his way up to my ear and lightly biting my earlobe. "You'd be too distracting for me anyway. If you were in front of me, I couldn't keep my eyes off that sexy little ass of yours." To make his point, Jackson reached down and gave it a squeeze.

"Behave!" I laughed, shooing his hands away. "Otherwise, the owner of this flower store is going to have us arrested for public indecency."

"I can't seem to keep my hands off you," Jackson said with a wicked grin. "It's not my fault you're so irresistible."

I squealed as he made a grab for my behind again and I was pushing against his chest, trying to evade his hands, when I caught sight of Claire a few feet behind Jackson. She was watching us with an unreadable expression, but when she saw me notice her, she just gave me an amused smile.

"Hi, Claire," I said loudly, giving Jackson a look of censure.

Jackson turned around, still smiling widely. "Hi, Claire," he parroted.

"I can take a rain check on drinks if you'd like," Claire offered with a raised eyebrow.

I shook my head. "No, no, we still want to get a drink. Jackson is just trying to be charming and failing miserably. He doesn't realize women don't respond well to grab-ass."

"And here I thought I was being smooth," Jackson said with a shrug. He grabbed my hand and led us towards Claire. "Should we be predictable and go to Max's?"

"No, let's go somewhere else," Claire answered. "There's a lounge a couple of blocks away that we can go to. It won't be as noisy as Max's."

Jackson looked to me and I nodded. "Sounds good to me. I don't really care where we go."

As we walked over to the lounge I couldn't help gushing about the play.

"Seriously, it was amazing. I completely forgot who you guys were. You just became Annie and Matthew to me.

"Trent, the director, really wanted the audience to feel the despair and love between me and Jackson. During rehearsals, he used to make us sit completely still across from each other and had us just stare into each other's eyes without saying a word. He said it brought our emotions to the surface."

Jackson snickered. "I kept telling him that all I could think about was the cramp in my leg from sitting still for so long. That, and what I was going to eat for lunch later."

"Jackson," Claire said scowling. "Don't make fun of the process. I think it really helped us."

Claire looked upset so I discreetly elbowed Jackson. He grunted and then nodded at Claire in agreement, but not before giving me a rueful look.

"You're probably right," he said agreeably. "At least he didn't make me walk around clucking like a chicken."

Claire's peal of laughter lightened the mood. "Emma, you should've seen the acting teacher we used to have. He told Jackson that he epitomized the essence of a chicken."

Jackson smiled wryly. "If I remember correctly, he said your interpretation of a goat gave him chills."

Claire bit her lip, her eyes dancing. "I drew the line when he brought in some hay he wanted me to graze on."

I kept silent as I walked in between them, feeling a little left our by their shared remembrances. I tried to not let it bother me. Claire and Jackson had been friends for a long time and it was only natural that they had a lot of memories together. Besides, I owed Claire a lot. Not only had she given me a place to live, but she had also taken me into her circle. Most importantly, she had introduced me to Jackson.

Jackson grinned and looked down at me. "I'll give you a private showing later. I don't do my chicken imitation for just anyone. I wouldn't want to give away all my tricks."

I smiled in return. "I'll remember that promise."

Claire stopped in front of an entrance. "Here it is."

We stepped into the lounge and the dark coolness was welcoming. Even though it was nighttime, it had been a little muggy outside. We were just a few days away from June and the humidity was steadily increasing.

We snagged a table next to a couch and settled in, sinking into the depths of the leather cushions.

A waitress came over to take our order.

"Vodka tonic?" Jackson asked, looking at me. I nodded and he ordered my drink for me. I was quickly getting used to his chivalrous ways. He glanced at Claire, indicating that she should order. After Claire asked for a dirty martini, Jackson ordered a beer.

I raised my eyebrows after the waitress had walked away. "What, no scotch?"

"I like savoring a scotch," Jackson replied in a low voice so that I could only hear him. "I can down a beer quicker and then we can go back to my place."

"One track mind," I muttered, although I was pleased at his eagerness to get me alone. I cleared my throat, turning back to Claire. I didn't want to be obnoxious with our infatuation with each other.

"How much longer will Choosing Matthew be running?" I asked her.

"I'm not sure," Claire answered. "I would love it if we could get into a larger theater so that we can get a bigger crowd in. We're normally sold out every show so I don't think it would be a problem filling a larger venue."

"I kind of like having it in a small theater," Jackson countered. "It gives it an intimacy that I think we'd lose in a larger space."

Claire frowned. "I don't agree. Besides, even if that were true, it's worth the tradeoff of having a bigger audience and more ticket sales. I don't want to spend my career in some dinky theater."

The waitress returned with our drinks and I used the opportunity to change the subject. Claire seemed a little on edge tonight and I didn't want to aggravate the situation.

"I'm excited for Nathan's art show on Sunday," I said brightly. "Where's the gallery?"

"It's in the West Village," Claire replied. She leaned forward so that she could look at Jackson since I was sitting in the middle. "You're going, right?"

Jackson nodded and looked at me. "I was actually going to see if you wanted to go together."

"I thought we could all go together," Claire said, taking a sip of her martini.

"It'll be fun if we all go together," I agreed, giving Jackson a smile.

"Sure," he replied, nodding agreeably. He looked at Claire. "We can swing by and pick you up on our way there."

"What do you mean?" I asked confused. "Wouldn't you be picking the both of us up at our apartment?"

Jackson had a sly glint in his eye. "We'll discuss sleeping arrangements later."

I flushed at Jackson's provocative statement, a little embarrassed that he was being so obvious in front of Claire. I turned to Claire with a strained smile, but she just raised an amused eyebrow.

"So what's the story on Nathan and Mia?" I asked, clearing my throat. "Are they just friends or something more?"

"Strictly friends," Claire responded. "Nathan answered Mia's ad looking for a roommate when he first moved to the city five years ago and they've been like brother and sister ever since."

"According to Nathan, he made a pass at her when he first moved in and Mia kicked him in the balls. Ever since then, he's had a healthy platonic respect for her."

I laughed at Jackson's assessment of their relationship. "I'm glad to hear they were able to work it out."

Jackson took a healthy gulp of his beer and then looked meaningfully at my glass. I rolled my eyes but dutifully took a sip.

"I'll be right back," Claire said as she stood. "I see a friend over there."

I watched Claire walk over to the bar and tap a tall dark-haired man on the shoulder. He turned around and smiled widely in recognition and they started talking animatedly to each other.

"Do you have to be so obvious?" I admonished. "It's a little rude to be so eager to leave."

Jackson picked up his beer and drained it in response. He set the empty glass on the table with a grin. "It's just Claire. She doesn't mind."

"I mind," I said exasperatedly. "I owe Claire a lot and the last thing I want to do is hurt her feelings."

Jackson frowned. "Why do you owe her?"

"Well, she gave me a place to stay."

"She needed a roommate. She found one in you. How exactly does that make you obligated? Unless she's letting you live there rent-free."

"Of course not. But I was grateful for the offer. It made moving here a lot less scary. Plus she kind of took me under her wing. She could have treated me like someone she just shared an apartment with, not a friend."

"I'm not so sure about the 'taking you under her wing' part. Claire's a good friend but you've got your stuff together way more than she does. I don't think you should be looking to her for guidance."

"Well, she did introduce me to you," I said with a placating smile, not wanting to argue about Claire.

"That's true," Jackson replied, his eyes darkening. He lowered his voice, bringing his head closer to mine, his lips brushing my ear. "That's one thing I'm grateful for. I'd be even more grateful if we got out of here so that I can bury my head in between your thighs."

I felt a flood of wetness and I squirmed against the leather couch, knowing that my panties would be soaked through.

"Jackson," I hissed, my breath hitching unsteadily. "You can't say things like that to me in public!"

Jackson smiled wickedly. "So let's go somewhere private."

I picked up my vodka tonic and drained the glass, the cold liquid doing nothing to dampen my desire. Screw politeness. Jackson's words had me thinking of nothing else except getting naked and sweaty with him as quickly as possible.

"I'm ready," I announced breathlessly as I set my glass on the table. Jackson threw some money on the table, way more than I thought our drinks actually cost, but I was in no mood to comment. He grabbed my hand and stood, pulling me up with him.

"Let me get Claire in a cab home and then we can go to my apartment."

We walked over to Claire who was still talking to her friend at the bar.

"Sorry to interrupt," Jackson said when we approached them. "I'm beat, so we're going to head out. I just want to make sure you get in a cab before we leave."

"Sorry for the abrupt departure," I added, feeling bad that we were abandoning Claire. "We can wait a little bit while you guys wrap up your conversation."

Jackson gave me a baleful look but I just ignored it. Claire looked unperturbed by our announcement.

"Don't worry about it. I'm going to hang out here for a while. I'll see you guys later."

Jackson frowned. "I think we should make sure we get you in a cab first. It's late."

"I'll make sure she gets home," Claire's dark-haired friend volunteered.

I glanced at Jackson, unsure if it was a good idea to leave Claire behind with someone we didn't know. Jackson didn't look too happy about it either. Claire caught the look and laughed.

"Relax. Craig is here with his boyfriend. He doesn't have any nefarious designs on my virtue. I'll be fine. Go on ahead."

Jackson nodded, seemingly placated by the clarification. "Alright, see you tomorrow."

Claire smiled and nodded, turning back to her friend. Jackson and I hailed a cab once we got outside, the ride seeming much longer than it actually was since I was taut with anticipation. I felt tightly strung and about to snap from the desires mounting in me. Jackson squeezed my hand, letting me know that he was feeling it too.

Once we got to Jackson's apartment building, I barely registered Sam's greeting as we rushed to the elevator. After Jackson pressed the button for his floor and the doors closed, he wasted no time in grabbing me and lifting me up, pushing me against the elevator wall. I wrapped my legs around his waist so I was intimately pushed against his arousal.

"You drive me crazy," he muttered before he slanted his mouth over mine, not asking for my surrender but demanding it. Not that it was ever in question. I wanted Jackson as badly as he wanted me. I clutched the back of his neck as he supported me effortlessly, plundering my mouth with his. I could taste the beer on his tongue and the bitterness of it heightened my arousal. It was as if I couldn't taste enough of him, feel enough of him. Even though I was pinned between the wall and Jackson's chest, I felt the desperate need to be closer to him. I wanted to sink into him and lose myself inside him.

I heard the elevator ding, signaling that we had arrived on the sixteenth floor. Fortunately, no one had entered the elevator during our embrace. I wasn't sure if I would have even cared at that point.

When we entered Jackson's apartment and he closed the door behind me, I grabbed him by the front of his shirt, more than ready to continue what we had started in the elevator.

"Emma, let's slow down a bit," Jackson said, even though I could tell that he was straining to control himself.

"Why? I don't want to slow down." I started unbuttoning his shirt, wanting both of us naked as soon as possible.

Jackson grabbed my hands, stilling them on his chest. "Sweetheart, I feel it too. Trust me. It isn't easy for me to slow down, but I want you to enjoy this. I went way too fast the other night."

I shook my head. "It wasn't too fast for me. And it's an understatement to say I enjoyed it. Both times. We can do slow and easy next time. Right now, I just want hard and fast."

Jackson's face was strained with desire but he seemed determined to pace himself. So I decided to make it harder for him. I grabbed the bottom of my halter-top and pulled it over my head. Jackson was silent as he watched me but I heard his breathing grow more labored. I reached back and unhooked my bra, freeing my breasts that were heavy with desire. Jackson's jaw tightened as he caught sight of my hard nipples, rosy red and darkened with arousal.

Before I lost my nerve, I unzipped my jeans and pulled them down, taking my panties with it. I pulled them over my high heels and stood, completely naked except for my heels. I had never acted so wantonly in my life, but Jackson Reynard was making me do things I had never imagined.

I placed a hand on my hip saucily, looking up at Jackson with a mischievous smile. "What were you saying about taking it slow?" I reached out and slowly traced the outline of his arousal through his jeans with one fingernail, pure female satisfaction coursing through me when it jerked in response.

Jackson smiled, his eyes glittering with desire. "Fuck slow. We can do slow tomorrow. Right now, I'm going to fuck your brains out until you scream."

He grabbed me and picked me up as if I weighed nothing. I automatically wrapped my legs around him as he strode into his bedroom. Once there, he threw me onto the bed and quickly discarded his clothes. My lower body clenched when I saw how hard and large his arousal was, its head engorged with corded veins running down the shaft, straining with his desire.

I remembered his earlier comment about imagining me in my heels and black skirt and looked around his bedroom. "Should I put on my black skirt?"

"Baby, I don't want you putting on any clothes right now. I have you exactly how I want you. Naked and wet."

He kneeled on the bed between my legs and they fell open of their own accord. And just as he had promised earlier, he buried his head between my thighs, lapping up my wetness as if he had been starving for it. His tongue circled my tight bud and then suckled on it as I cried out, the pleasure so acute it was almost painful. He continued to manipulate the bud with his tongue while he pushed one finger inside of me, then two. The sensation of his mouth flicking my most sensitive spot combined with his fingers fucking me was too much for me. I couldn't suppress the keens of pleasure as my powerful orgasm washed over me, my body convulsing violently.

Jackson looked up at me with a triumphant smile, eyes glittering with satisfaction. His mouth and chin were covered in my wetness and I didn't think I had ever seen anything so erotic.

Jackson traveled up my body, placing light kisses along the way. When he took my nipple in his mouth and tugged on it, I felt another sharp spike of desire. I had always enjoyed sex well enough, but I never knew it could feel like this. I was insatiable.

Jackson reached my mouth and kissed me deeply. I could taste myself on him and it was fiercely erotic.

"Fuck me, Jackson," I whispered against his mouth, my eyes fluttering closed. "Fuck me hard."

"Emma," Jackson groaned hoarsely. He caught my chin and held my face still. "Look at me."

I opened my eyes and my breath caught. Jackson was looking down at me with not only desire, but with something else. Something I didn't want to identify yet, but it gave me a surge of happiness.

"I want you to look at me when I slide into you. I want you to look at me while I fuck you."

I nodded helplessly. At that moment, I would have done anything Jackson had asked of me.

I felt the head of his arousal nudging aside the folds of my wetness and I whimpered as I felt him stretching me, filling me to the point of pain.

"You're mine, Emma," Jackson bit out as he began to move inside me, his face tight as he steadily increased the speed of his thrusts. "Say it."

"I'm yours," I sobbed mindlessly as each plunge pushed me closer to the brink.

Jackson grunted in approval and then he seemed to lose control. I clung to him as he pumped into me, thrusting so hard that I felt the head of his arousal slamming into the end of me. I dug my nails into his back, trying to hold on as I felt ripples of pleasure start to overtake my body.

I cried out as I came and I heard Jackson yell out my name as he found his own release. In that moment, I felt connected to Jackson like I had never felt connected to anyone before. It made me giddy and anxious at the same time. Giddy because it felt so good, anxious because it felt too good.

After both of us caught our breath, Jackson rested his forehead against mine and I could feel beads of sweat rolling down his face. He grinned at me weakly.

"I don't know if we'll ever get around to slow and easy."

"I think I can live with that," I replied with a rueful smile.

Jackson rolled over onto his back, taking me with him so that I was on top of him, still intimately connected. He suddenly got a grim look on his face.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Shit. I forgot to put on a condom. I'm sorry. I can't believe I was so careless."

"It's okay," I reassured him, although I was concerned that I hadn't even noticed. Hadn't even cared. I had to be careful not to be too reckless, even if I was on birth control. "I'm on the pill."

Jackson grinned. "Good. That means I don't have to wear those damn things. It feels so much better without it. And I have a clean bill of health."

"Me too," I said, not volunteering the fact that I had only been with one other person.

"So that means we're exclusive, right?"

I paused, surprised that Jackson would bring that up after only a week. But I knew that was absolutely what I wanted so I nodded.

Jackson raised his head and gave me a soft kiss. "How did I get so lucky to find you?"

I smiled, pleasure coursing through me at his words. "I guess you must have done something good in your life."

"I must have," Jackson agreed with a solemn smile.

It amazed me how primal and forceful Jackson could be while we were making love, yet he could be so sweet and gentle as well. I thought I could spend the rest of my life trying to figure out Jackson Reynard.

We spent the rest of the night in bed, talking easily and sharing deeper confidences. Jackson told me about how hard it had been to grow up under his father's shadow. As loving as his father was, Jackson always had the feeling that he hadn't measured up. He told me about his grandmother who he had been extremely close to. She had passed away while he was in college and she had left him a sizable inheritance, which allowed him to pursue his acting career without having to worry about a steady income.

I told Jackson about how I had fallen apart when my father died. I had definitely been a daddy's girl and it had been devastating to lose him. I told him about the good memories too, like when my father used to take me out to lunch, just the two of us. My father would listen to me chatter on about who liked whom in school and who was my latest best friend while we ate burgers with milkshakes. It was the little things that I remembered the most about my father.

My last thought before drifting off to sleep was that my father would have liked Jackson.

Chapter Seven

"What do you want to do today?" Jackson asked. We had slept in and were now lazily drinking coffee and eating bagels that Jackson had run out to get. I was amazed at how comfortable I felt around him. I couldn't believe how strong our passion was, yet I felt completely at ease lounging on the couch, my legs stretched out with my feet on Jackson's lap.

"It's a gorgeous day. Maybe we can go to Central Park."

Jackson's eyes lit up. "A picnic!" He leaned down and gently lifted my leg, kissing my ankle. "How did I find someone so smart and beautiful?"

I giggled, feeling like I was floating on clouds of pure happiness. "The picnic was your idea."

Jackson grinned at me. "That's right. How did you find someone so smart?"

I burst out laughing. "Just lucky, I guess. You forgot the beautiful part."

Jackson gave me a mock frown. "It's not manly to say I'm beautiful."

I sat up and folded my legs under me, kneeling next to Jackson and giving him a quick kiss. "Okay. You're not beautiful. You're ruggedly handsome in the most masculine way possible."

Jackson grabbed me, pulling me so that I was sitting on his lap. "That's better. Now you get your reward."

Jackson cradled the back of my head with one hand, leaning down to caress my lips with his own. The kiss was gentle and slow as he languidly explored my mouth with his lips and tongue, playfully nipping at my bottom lip and sucking it gently into his mouth.

The kiss stirred desire but another emotion as well. Jackson Reynard would be easy to fall in love with. Despite my fears of what the future would hold, I decided to grab onto this happiness for as long as it lasted.

Jackson pulled back, gently brushing my hair back from my forehead and smiling at me with such sweetness that my heart squeezed.

"Can we drop by my apartment first?" I asked, a little breathlessly. "I need to take a shower and change."

"Sure, but why don't you just bring some stuff back here and shower? That way, you'll have your toiletries and clothes for tomorrow."

"Maybe I should stay at my apartment tonight. You have your show later too. We can just meet up tomorrow for Nathan's art show."

Jackson frowned. "Don't you want to stay over?" He sounded so vulnerable that my heart melted, but I didn't think it was a good idea to spend so much time together. I didn't want Jackson to get burned out of my company.

"I do, but don't you think we're going a little too fast? It might be good to pace ourselves."

Jackson look displeased. "Who's to say we're going too fast? If it feels right, it feels right. I want you in my bed when I go to sleep and I want to wake up next to you. I don't care whether it's too fast according to some arbitrary dating rule." He paused, looking uncertain for the first time since I had met him. "Unless you're saying this is too fast for you. I guess I just assumed that you wanted to stay here as much I wanted you to. If this is too fast for you..."

Jackson trailed off, his lips pressed together as he searched my face. His uncertainty made me realize that Jackson was feeling just as vulnerable as I was.

I gave Jackson a quick kiss and smiled at him, his candor making it easy for me to be honest as well. "It's not too fast for me. It's just a little scary knowing how much time I want to spend with you. I don't want us to get burned out by going too fast."

Jackson smiled, looking relieved. "I wouldn't worry about that. I have a feeling it's going to take a while for me to get enough of you. A lifetime might be long enough, although I doubt it."

My heart actually physically ached from his words, the sweetness so overpowering that it was almost painful. But I just smiled at him.

"Well, I can't refute that kind of logic."

We made the quick trip to my apartment where I gathered my toiletries and enough clothes to last me the weekend. Claire's keys were on the kitchen counter so I knew she was home, although she must have still been asleep in her bedroom because she didn't stir while we were there.

We went back to Jackson's apartment where we quickly showered and got ready for the park. We stopped off at Dean and Deluca's to buy a pre-made picnic basket full of goodies. We took a cab uptown and Jackson navigated us to a beautiful area of Central Park where the rolling lawn was already scattered with plenty of people who had the same idea as us.

Jackson spread out a blanket that he had brought from his apartment and we made ourselves comfortable.

"There's so much food in here," I said as I rummaged through the basket. "Way too much for two people."

Jackson patted his flat stomach. "I can eat my weight in food."

"I guess it's a good thing you work out all the time," I replied drily.

Jackson grinned as he pulled out a bottle of white wine from the basket, deftly opening it with the wine opener. "And here I thought you liked me for my winning personality."

"Where'd you get that idea? I just like you for your body." I couldn't suppress a smile as I watched Jackson pouring the wine into two plastic cups. He handed me one with a grin.

"Here's to us liking each other's bodies."

"I'll drink to that." I took a sip of the wine and sighed contentedly, looking around us and watching people who were similarly enjoying a lazy day outside. It was warm but with a light teasing breeze that kept it from being too hot. I looked back at Jackson who was busy opening packages of crackers and different cheeses and spreads. A week ago, I had been on a train to New York, nervous about my new life and wondering if I would be happy here. Now I was stretched out on a blanket in Central Park, having a gorgeous man pay singular attention to me. My job was going well and I liked my roommate. Life was good.

Jackson glanced up, catching me watching him, but instead of being embarrassed, I smiled at him.

"A girl could get used to this. A beautiful day, a picnic in the park, wine with cheese and crackers. Very smooth, Mr. Reynard, very smooth."

Jackson winked at me and handed me a plate full of crackers, cheese and prosciutto. He had also opened up various containers of tapenades, hummus and olives. With Jackson constantly feeding me, I had a feeling that I would need to use that new gym membership of mine.

"I aim to please," Jackson said with a smile. He started eating his own plate of food as he relaxed on the blanket, his legs stretched out in front of him. His green t-shirt made his eyes seem even brighter and the breeze lightly ruffled his dark brown hair. He looked comfortable and relaxed and I had to suppress the urge to drop my plate and satiate my appetite with him instead.

"This part of Central Park is beautiful," I commented as I started in on my own plate.

"It's called Strawberry Fields in memory of John Lennon. There's a little memorial that we can visit afterwards."

"My dad was a huge Beatles fan. He would always listen to them while making pancakes on Sunday mornings, his specialty. I used to love sitting at the kitchen table while he cooked. We would sing along and argue about who was the better songwriter; John Lennon or Paul McCartney."

Jackson smiled at me. "Who was your dad a fan of?"

"John Lennon. His favorite song was Imagine, but I argued that it didn't count because he wrote it after the Beatles broke up, and we were comparing their songwriting skills during the Beatles era."

"I think you'll like the memorial then."

"I like anything that reminds me of my father. It was a long time before I could let myself remember the happy memories. I thought it was easier not thinking about him at all, but I realized it hurt more than letting myself remember the good times, no matter how much it made me miss him."

Jackson took my hand in his, softly stroking my palm with his thumb. "I like hearing you talk about your dad. Your face lights up and you get a faraway look in your eyes, like you're seeing him in your mind. It makes me feel like I can see him too."

"I like telling you about him. It's been a while since I've had someone to share my memories with. My father's death was really hard on my mother and she hates talking about him. I know it's because she loved him so much and was devastated by his death. It's her coping mechanism, but it's hard to not be able to ever bring him up around her."

I didn't add that Sean had shared her coping mechanism. He had seemed to think that not making me think about my father would help me get over his death. Even almost nine years after his death, Sean had been careful not to bring up my father. As if he thought I would crumble with grief. He hadn't realized that I needed to talk about my father. I needed to remember his life, not his death. My father had lived forty-one vibrant years. That's what I needed to celebrate.

Jackson replaced his stroking thumb with his lips, kissing my palm softly. "I'm here whenever you want to talk about him."

Jackson stirred feelings in me that scared and exhilarated me. He made me feel safe, yet our passion was off the charts. He was kind and made me feel cherished yet he could have me laughing my head off. I had joked earlier that Jackson must have done something good in his life to have met me, but the truth was I was the lucky one. And I knew it wasn't because I had done something good in my life. The heartbreak I had left behind in Merrittsville was proof of that. But I promised myself that I would make myself deserving of someone as wonderful as Jackson.

"What are you thinking about?" Jackson asked. He had finished his plate and was lying down on the blanket, his arm folded behind his head as a pillow.

"I'm thinking about all the hours I'll have to put in the gym after all the food I've been eating." I set my empty plate down and stretched out my legs. "I'm stuffed."

Jackson hooked his finger in the belt loop of my jeans and pulled me closer to him. I lay down next to him, nestling my head in the warm area between his chin and shoulder as he wrapped his arm around me. I breathed in his scent and gave him a quick kiss on his neck, wrapping an arm around his waist. He responded by kissing me on the top of my head and I thought I would burst with happiness.

Time passed by as we lay contentedly, not talking, simply just enjoying the day and the closeness of each other. The light breeze teased us but I felt warm from Jackson's body nestled against mine.

"Emma?" Jackson said softly after a while, breaking the silence.

"Hmm?"

"In case I forget to tell you, this has been one of the best weeks of my life."

I lifted my head and saw Jackson watching me, his face serious. My face broke out in a wide smile at his words.

"I wish I could say the feeling's mutual, but it's not." Jackson's face darkened and I instantly regretted my bad joke. I quickly added, "This hasn't been one of the best weeks of my life. It's been the best week of my life."

Jackson's face cleared and then he got a devious look on his face. "Toying with me, I see. You'll have to be punished."

Jackson swooped in, tickling me, and I shrieked in protest.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" I exclaimed breathlessly through my laughter. "I won't do it again!"

Jackson stopped tickling me as he hovered over me, his eyes dancing with merriment. "You're lucky you're so beautiful. I'd forgive you anything."

I caught my breath from laughing so hard and gazed up at him. He traced the outline of my lips with his thumb, his eyes darkening. He leaned down and grazed my lips with his, the soft touch setting sparks of desire through me.

Jackson winked at me as he lay back down on his back, pulling me next to him so we were nestled against each other again. "You're also lucky we're in public, otherwise you'd be naked right now."

"Then I think we should go back to your place now."

Jackson grinned and we got up, quickly packing up our picnic basket. I couldn't believe how my body could constantly crave him, with no more provocation than a simple kiss. But I decided to just enjoy it instead of questioning it. I was riding high on feelings and emotions.

Before we left the park, we walked over to the John Lennon memorial. It was a large circular mosaic on the ground made up of black and white stones and my chest felt tight when I saw the word spelled out in the middle: Imagine. Memories of my father rushed through me as I felt conflicting emotions. I grieved the fact that I would never share this with my father, that we would never stand here together and look upon this poignant tribute to his favorite musician. But a part of me, the part that believed in something more than myself, that believed in things beyond what we could see and touch, felt that my father was here with me.

My father would often say, "Emma, you and I are two of a kind. We're practical and sensible but we're also dreamers. Don't forget that part of you. There's nothing wrong with being sensible, but dreams are what make you fly. And you're destined to touch the sky."

Memories of my father's belief in me had given me the strength necessary to leave behind my life in D.C., to leave a life that I knew would slowly drain me of my dreams. I never would have been standing at this memorial if it hadn't been for my father. It was only fitting that I felt him so strongly here.

Jackson didn't say a word, he just wrapped his arm around my shoulder and pulled me close. I rested my head against his chest, my arm around his waist, and we just stood there silently, gazing at the word Imagine.

After a few moments, he leaned down to kiss the top of my head. "How are you feeling?"

"Happy and sad," I answered honestly. "I'm sad that my father isn't standing here next to me, but I'm happy that I got to see this. I know my father is still a part of me, so in a way we're still seeing it together even though he's not here physically."

I looked up at Jackson, my heart full of an emotion I didn't want to put a label on yet. "Thank you for bringing me here."

Jackson leaned down and brushed my lips with his own. "I'm just glad that I could share this moment with you."

I leaned in closer to him, tightening my arms around him. "I'm ready to go home now."

Jackson and I spent the rest of the afternoon and early evening at his apartment. This time we succeeded in making love slowly and it was infinitely poignant and soul stirring as we worshipped each other's bodies. I felt emotionally exposed and bare looking into Jackson's eyes as he gazed back at me, slowly and exquisitely sinking his body into mine. But I reveled in my vulnerability, in my willingness to open myself up completely to Jackson, because I could see all my desires and emotions reflected back to me in Jackson's eyes.

Afterwards, we ate Chinese food out of takeout cartons and watched bad sitcoms, laughing even though the jokes were cheesy because it felt effortless to be happy in that moment. When it was time for Jackson's play, I went along, sitting in the front row and enraptured by his performance again, clapping until my hands tingled when he came out for his bow.

Claire had plans with friends after the play so we were saved from having to make excuses for not going out with her. We went back to Jackson's apartment and made love again, but we were no longer slow and gentle but frenzied and greedy. Jackson held my hands above my head, pinning them against the pillow and holding me in place as he slammed into me until I cried out as waves of pleasure rippled through my body.

I looked up after my climax and saw his jaw clenched as he stilled himself so that I could feel every spasm of my orgasm. My next words surprised me, I had never been so brazen in my life, but I could tell I took Jackson completely off guard.

"I want you to come in my mouth."

Jackson sucked in a deep breath, his nostrils flaring as I felt his erection jerk inside of me at my words.

"Christ, Emma," Jackson said hoarsely. "Are you trying to kill me?"

I sat up, feeling him slip out of me, and kneeled before him. I took hold of the root of his erection and licked the engorged head, looking up at him at the same time. Jackson groaned, his body shuddering in pleasure.

"I like tasting myself on you. I can't wait until you come in my mouth and I can taste us together."

I flushed with power when I took Jackson deep into my mouth and he clenched his teeth with pleasure, the planes of his face harsh with desire. It was pure satisfaction to slide his rock hard erection in and out of my mouth until he could take no more, grabbing my head and pumping his release into my mouth, his teeth bared as he cried out. His eyes glittered as he watched me lapping up every bit, greedy for the taste of him.

"You are trying to kill me," Jackson rasped as he fell onto the bed. He dragged me close so that I was nuzzled next to him.

I giggled and kissed his neck. "It was just payback for all the times you've made me lose control."

Jackson grinned down at me, his dimples deep and looking absurdly happy. "Luckily, I'm okay with that kind of revenge."

We woke up Sunday morning to an overcast day, but that did nothing to put a dent in our cheerful mood. I told Jackson that I would make lunch today since it was my turn to cook for him so we went grocery shopping. It felt domestic to wheel a cart around the market, picking out groceries and debating what the rules were in determining if fruit was ripe.

It was raining by the time we were done shopping so we ducked into a cab, laughing as we narrowly missed being splashed by cars whizzing past us.

"Hi, Sam," I greeted as we rushed into Jackson's apartment building with our bags of groceries.

Sam nodded in response. "Mr. Reynard. Emma." I had insisted that he call me Emma because it felt too weird being called Ms. Mills. He then smiled at me. "I'm glad to see you didn't get too wet. It's supposed to rain all day."

I grimaced. "It's hell on my hair. It frizzes like crazy in the humidity."

"You look beautiful, wet hair and all," Jackson said with a smile. He then winked at Sam. "I keep trying to convince her not to cut her hair."

I shook my head in disapproval. "I'm way overdue for a cut. I'm starting to resemble Medusa."

Sam smiled in amusement. "I think Mr. Reynard is right. Your hair is beautiful."

"I'll have to keep both of you around," I replied grinning. "You're good for the ego."

After the quick ride up the elevator, we unpacked the groceries, but then I shooed Jackson out of the kitchen.

"Go watch TV or something. I can't concentrate with you in here."

Jackson gave me an indulgent smile and obliged, grabbing a beer and turning on a baseball game in the living room.

I busied myself in the kitchen, putting a pot of water to boil on the stove and grating Parmesan cheese. I had decided to make a cold pesto pasta salad with peas and grilled chicken, one of my old standbys and one of the few things I could make with no recipe.

"Are you sure you don't need any help?" Jackson called out from the living room.

"I'm fine, don't come in here!" I answered back. I wasn't exactly skilled in the kitchen and I didn't want Jackson to see the mess I was making, let alone the frantic pace of my cooking. I had admired his easy and effortless grace when he had made me dinner, but I was more like a chicken with its head cut off, rushing over to the stove when the water started boiling over and cursing softly when I spilled my first batch of pesto on the floor.

I heaved a sigh of relief when I was done, having avoided any major mishaps. I surveyed the kitchen, cringing at the mess. It looked like a hurricane had gone through it, but I would clean it after lunch, before Jackson could see it.

"Lunch is served," I announced as I carried our two plates into the living room. Jackson took his plate, his eyes lighting up at the pasta salad.

"You've been holding out on me," Jackson said after he took his first bite. "This is great."

"Don't be expecting too much," I warned with a laugh. "I can only make a few things without burning down the kitchen. This is one of them."

We watched the rest of the baseball game while we ate. More accurately, Jackson watched the rest of the game and I watched Jackson. It pleased me more than I thought possible that he was eating my pasta salad with such relish. When he asked if there was any more, I jumped up to get him a second serving, not wanting him to see the kitchen.

"I'm going to start cleaning up," I said after I gave Jackson his second helping.

"I'll clean up after I finish this," Jackson said. "You cooked."

"It's okay," I insisted vehemently. "Watch the rest of the baseball game."

Back in the kitchen, I tackled the task of cleaning up. I was in the middle of wiping up pesto that had dripped down the cabinets when I heard footsteps behind me.

"Why don't you go relax, I'll-"

I wheeled around as Jackson stopped in mid-sentence, his mouth gaping open as he surveyed the kitchen. I winced, knowing how bad it looked. In addition to the pesto on the cabinets, there were puddles of pesto on the floor. When I had ripped open the package of frozen peas, handfuls had spilled out and were now rolling around on the counter. I had somehow gotten pasta stuck to the refrigerator, although for the life of me I couldn't remember how that had happened.

"Sorry," I squeaked in embarrassment. "I can be kind of messy while I'm cooking."

Jackson looked at me nonplussed, and then burst out laughing. "I've gotta watch you the next time you cook to see how this all happens."

I frowned at Jackson in mock annoyance, but I couldn't suppress my laughter.

"I know, I know. I'm a bit of a mess. I'm just lucky that I didn't get anything on your ceiling. It's happened before, usually when there's a blender involved."

Jackson grinned and wordlessly helped me clean up the kitchen. Between the two of us, we were able to make quick work of it.

We settled back into the living room after we were done. Jackson peered out the sliding glass doors at the rain.

"It doesn't look like it's going to let up any time soon. Wanna just watch a movie until it's time to leave for Nathan's showing?"

"Sure," I agreed, liking the sound of snuggling together and watching a movie, cozy inside while the rain poured steadily outside "What's the selection?"

Jackson got up and pulled a box out of the closet full of DVD's, setting it in front of my feet. "Take a look."

"Interesting storage solution," I commented, indicating the cardboard box. "How come you have so little furniture in here?"

Jackson shrugged. "I just never got around to buying anything more after I got the essentials. I always meant to buy a coffee table and all that other junk you're supposed to have but I never got motivated enough." His face brightened as he looked at me. "Maybe we can go furniture shopping together. I could use some help. My taste tends to run to the utilitarian."

"Sure," I answered with a nod, a thrill running through me at the thought of doing something as domestic as picking out furniture together. I turned my attention to the box of DVD's before I embarrassed myself with my giddiness.

Jackson had an eclectic collection of movies, but I raised an eyebrow as I picked up one DVD.

"I'm surprised you have The Way We Were," I said with a skeptical look. "I never would have pegged you for a Barbra Streisand fan."

"I'm a progressive modern kind of man," Jackson said with an affronted look, but he ruined the effect by grinning. "Actually, I've never watched it. My mom gave it to me. She's always trying to give me old movies to watch. Says I don't appreciate the classics."

"Your mom is right," I said, handing him the DVD. "It's one of my favorite movies. Let's watch it."

"I'm game." Jackson got up to slide the DVD into the player.

We snuggled on the couch, my legs draped over Jackson's lap and my head on his chest. It had been a long time since I had watched The Way We Were, but I was instantly engrossed in the story of Hubbell and Katie. It was bittersweet watching them fall in love, because I knew what was coming at the end.

I bit my lip at the last scene, not wanting to cry, as Hubbell and Katie gazed at each other with love and regret as they thought about the life they had shared together and the future they would never get to explore.

When Katie reached up to brush Hubbell's hair back from his forehead, the gesture full of wistfulness and lost dreams, I was unable to hold back my tears. I sighed heavily as the ending credits rolled on the screen and Jackson tipped my head back by my chin so that he could see my face.

"Sweetheart," he said with a wry smile as he gently wiped the tears from my face with his thumbs. "Are you okay?"

"It's just so sad and unfair," I wailed. "They belong together, but all they did was get in each other's way. Now they'll spend the rest of their life regretting not being with one another."

Jackson chuckled as he kissed me. "I guess it was a more realistic ending. Not everyone lives happily ever after."

"Did you like it?" I asked, wiping away the rest of my tears, feeling a little foolish for getting so emotional over a movie.

"It was kind of frustrating," Jackson admitted. "They loved each other, but they kept creating problems between them. Yeah, they were drastically different but they could have made it work if they really wanted to. They were more focused on their own agenda than each other."

"Yeah, but sometimes love isn't enough," I said, thinking of my relationship with Sean. "And sometimes it isn't the right kind of love. People like to think that just because they're in love, they'll get a happily ever after. But then real life intrudes."

Jackson looked at me with a thoughtful expression. "Are you speaking in generalizations or are you thinking about a specific situation?"

I knew what he was referring to, but I was reluctant to mention Sean. Since I had told Jackson about Sean and our broken engagement, I had been loathe to bring it up again. Jackson hadn't been happy hearing that I had been engaged to someone that I had been with for ten years so I didn't want to stir the pot.

I shrugged, trying to answer obliquely. "I don't know, I was just thinking out loud."

Jackson raised an eyebrow, not seeming to accept my answer. "Did it have anything to do with Sean?"

I bit my lip, not knowing how to avoid the subject of Sean when Jackson mentioned him outright.

"I don't think it's a good idea to talk about Sean. You weren't too happy when I talked about him before. Besides, it's in the past. I'm happy being here with you now. That's all that matters."

Jackson's eyes glowed at my words, but he smiled ruefully. "I admit it didn't feel great finding out about Sean and your engagement. But it was just because I hated knowing that he got you for ten years. I found myself wishing that I had been the one to meet you when you were fifteen."

"Well, you have me now," I said with a gentle smile. "And that's what's important." I paused, hesitating to broach a subject I had never mentioned before, although I had been wildly curious. "What about you? Have you had many serious relationships?"

"Not really. My longest relationship was for about a year, but it ended when we realized we were better off being friends."

"Are you still friends with her?" I asked, unexpected jealousy coursing through me. I wasn't normally a jealous person, and the unfamiliar feeling was unwelcome.

Jackson shook his head. "Our friendship fizzled out, just like our relationship."

"Didn't you and Claire date for a little bit?" I had wondered about this for a while. Claire seemed perfectly happy for Jackson and I, but there were fleeting moments when I wondered if she was bothered by our blooming relationship.

"We went out on a total of three dates when we first met. There was no chemistry between us, so it was natural to transition to just being friends."

"Did you guys ever...you know...get a little friendlier?" I couldn't help but wonder if Jackson and Claire had ever slept together, especially since I knew how Jackson was in the bedroom. With his good looks and skills, how could any woman resist him? But I felt uncomfortable asking Jackson about it.

Jackson smiled, kissing my forehead gently. "If you're asking if Claire and I ever slept together, the answer is no. There was never anything more besides a goodnight kiss here and there."

I was relieved by his answer. Even though the thought of Claire and Jackson kissing didn't make me ecstatic, I was comforted by the fact that nothing else had happened between them. Besides, that had been a long time ago.

Jackson gazed me at, his eyes questioning. "Does that bother you?"

I shook my head. "No, I know you're just friends now. Claire's told me herself that you guys just went on a few dates and nothing came of it."

"Are you okay with us kissing during the play?"

"I have to admit that if it were up to me, you guys would just shake hands instead of kissing passionately." I smiled at him ruefully. "But I know it's just part of the play. Besides, you're so good in your role that I see Matthew kissing Annie, not you kissing Claire."

"Good," Jackson said as he cuddled me close, my head nestled in the crook of his neck. "That's just acting. I've never felt the way I do about you with anyone else, especially this quickly."

I breathed in Jackson's warm scent, feeling happy and secure. "Me too."

We snuggled on the couch and watched mindless television until it was time to get ready for Nathan's art show.

"What are you wearing?" I asked Jackson as I wrapped a towel around me and stepped out of the shower. Jackson was shaving at the sink and I marveled at how at ease we were with each other already.

"It's pretty casual, so just jeans. It's in a little gallery that's really low key."

I saw Jackson watching me in the mirror as I brushed the tangles out of my wet hair.

"What?" I asked as I paused midway of a brush stroke.

Jackson turned around and pulled me close. I could feel the heat of his body through my towel and I shivered.

"I'm just happy," Jackson answered simply. "You make me happy."

"You make me happy too," I said, reaching up on my toes to kiss him. Jackson immediately increased the pressure of the kiss, slanting his warm mouth over mine and slipping his tongue into my mouth.

We broke apart breathless and Jackson got a mischievous look on his face. "Let me help you with that towel," he said as he reached to unwrap it from me.

"Jackson!" I admonished with a laugh, pulling away and clutching the towel closer to me. "We're going to be late. There's plenty of time for that later."

Jackson sighed but he acquiesced with a small smile. "It's your fault for being so irresistible. I guess I'll just have to ravish you tonight."

"Speaking of tonight, I think I should stay at my place."

Jackson furrowed his brow, opening his mouth to protest, but I continued before he could speak.

"It's not that I don't want to spend the night, but I have to work tomorrow and it'll be easier for me if I stay at my place. Besides, I feel kind of bad spending so much time here. Claire and I are still getting to know each other and I don't want her to feel like I'm always gone."

"I'm sure she's fine with you staying here," Jackson contested with a frown. "And I promise not to make you late for work tomorrow."

I raised an eyebrow. "I've heard that promise before. Besides, I'm worried about making myself late. It feels too good being in bed with you. The last thing I want to do when I wake up in the morning with you next to me is leave."

Jackson sighed but he nodded his head. "Okay, but when are you going to stay over again?"

"How about Wednesday? I'll come to the gym for a workout and then stay the night."

"I'll just have to look forward to Wednesday then," Jackson said with a suggestive smile. He reached down and slipped his hand under my towel, gently stroking my sensitive bud between my legs. "I'll have to warn you that I'll be all pent up from not burying myself in this sweetness for two whole days. I'm likely to ravage you at the gym on the floor of my office."

My lower body instantly clenched as I felt wetness pool at my core from his light touch. I held my breath as Jackson slipped two fingers inside of me. I watched transfixed as he brought them, glistening with my wetness, to his lips, licking them as his eyes pierced through me.

"Now you're trying to kill me," I croaked, echoing his words from yesterday.

Jackson grinned, smacking me lightly on my bare bottom. "Now I'm not the only one in a state of frustration."

I wrinkled my nose and flounced out of the bathroom, but I couldn't suppress my laughter. Jackson Reynard had me tied up in knots and I loved it.

I dressed in tight dark jeans that were like a second skin and a black form-fitting top with a deep vee, my cleavage in full display. It was provocative, but didn't cross the line to slutty. I wanted Jackson to want me tonight as much as I wanted him, especially after the trick he had pulled in the bathroom.

I completed the look with fire engine red heels just as Jackson was coming out of the bathroom. His eyes gleamed when he caught sight of me, his gaze trailing down my body and then up again.

"You're trying to play dirty," he said with a glint in his eye, striding closer to me. He pulled me forward by the belt loops of my jeans, pressing me against him so that I could clearly feel his erection. "I may have to just corner you in the bathroom of the gallery and bend you over a sink so I can fuck your brains out."

My lower body convulsed at his words but I just smiled innocently. "Whatever do you mean?"

Jackson narrowed his eyes. "You're trying to drive me crazy with that outfit." He then grinned self-deprecatingly. "It's working."

"Good," I said with a wicked smile and pulled away, going to the bathroom to dry my hair and put on makeup.

When we were done getting ready, we grabbed a cab to my apartment since it was raining and I had my overnight bag with me. When I unlocked the door to my apartment, Claire was sitting on the couch watching television. She jumped up when she saw us entering.

"Is it as gross out there as it looks?" she asked as Jackson shook the umbrella in the hallway to get some of the water off.

"Worse," I replied with a grimace. "I'm just hoping that we're able to get a cab to the gallery. The cab we took over here wouldn't wait for us."

"Hi, Claire," Jackson said. He turned to me as he picked up my overnight bag. "I'll just put this in your room. Which door is your bedroom?"

I pointed to my bedroom door, not being able to deny that I was relieved that Jackson hadn't spent enough time in the apartment to know which was Claire's bedroom. I decided to lay any doubts I had to rest. Both Claire and Jackson had reassured me that nothing had happened between them all those years ago and there was no need for me to be jealous.

"You look great," I told Claire. She was wearing jeans that made her legs seem a million miles long and an emerald green, sleeveless top that showed off her toned arms.

"Thanks, you too," she replied with an appreciative glance at my outfit. She gave me a meaningful look at my open bedroom door where Jackson was. "I told you curvy was in."

I just laughed and went into my bedroom to see what was taking Jackson so long. He was leaning over my dresser, studying the pictures I had placed on top of it. He turned around and smiled when he heard me enter.

"I was just looking at your pictures. I'm assuming these are your parents."

I walked over next to him and he wrapped an arm around my waist, pulling me close. I rested my head against his shoulder and nodded. I had three pictures on display. One was of my parents before they had me, looking young and carefree. My father was laughing into the camera and my mother was looking up at him adoringly. Another picture was of the three of us, me as a toddler in my father's arms as my mother leaned up against him, looking content and happy. The third picture was of just my father and me. I must have been in about first grade and I was on my father's shoulders with a huge smile stretched across my face. I remembered that picture being taken. I had been so proud that I had such a strong father who could carry me so effortlessly. I had been convinced that my father was the strongest person in the world.

Jackson reached up with his other hand and brushed my cheek softly. He didn't say any words and he didn't need to. I knew he understood how I was feeling without having to say anything.

"We should go," I said, breaking the silence. "Claire's going to be wondering what we're doing in here."

We were lucky to grab a cab and make it to the art gallery under half an hour, even with the rain and traffic. Claire seemed to have gotten a burst of energy and chattered throughout the whole cab ride, talking about auditions she had gone on, ideas of how to get Choosing Matthew into a bigger venue and different acting classes she was considering taking.

The art gallery was small but tastefully appointed, taking care to make sure the paintings were the center of attention. There was already a crowd milling around, looking very downtown chic, when we arrived and Claire craned her neck to catch sight of Nathan after we checked our umbrella.

"There he is," Claire announced, pointing out Nathan in the crowd. He was standing next to Mia and talking to a group of people excitedly with sweeping hand gestures.

"Why don't we take a look around?" Jackson said. "Looks like Nathan's talking to some potential buyers."

"I'll catch up with you guys later," Claire said. "I see a few of my friends over there."

She disappeared into the crowd and Jackson and I maneuvered our way in the gallery to look at the paintings. I was impressed with Nathan's work. I didn't know much about art, but I could see the raw emotion in his paintings. They were mostly abstract, but they pulled you in with glimpses of something familiar. If you looked at them a certain way, you could catch a woman covering her face with her hands in distress, a haggard man staring back at you with empty eyes. It was powerful, disturbing, and completely fascinating.

"What do you think?" Jackson asked as we moved from one painting to the next.

"He's obviously really talented. I'm not big on abstract art, but when I look at his paintings, I realize that I'm not just looking at a few smudges of paint randomly splattered on the canvas. I'll see something real, like a man hunched over looking alone and desolate."

Jackson grinned at my observation. "Nathan would love to hear that. He's always talking about his art not being for the critics but for real people. He always says that while he has an intention behind every painting, it's more important for the observer to decide what they see."

"Right now, I see a gorgeous man who's about to get me a drink," I looked meaningfully at the bar.

Jackson grinned. "Vodka tonic?"

"Yes, please."

As Jackson weaved through the crowd, I turned back to the painting we had been standing in front of. The canvas swirled with red and black brush strokes and I was staring at it, trying to glean what it meant, when I heard someone call my name.

"Emma!" Nathan said as he approached with a huge grin. "I'm glad you could make it."

He gave me a kiss on the cheek and Mia was right behind him, giving me a quick hug.

"What do you think?" Nathan asked, sweeping his hand around the gallery.

Mia rolled her eyes. "Nathan, stop fishing for compliments."

I laughed at Nathan's affronted expression. "He doesn't need to fish for compliments. I was just telling Jackson that you're really talented. I don't know much about art, but I know that I feel something when I look at your paintings. It's amazing that I can feel desolation or fear from just a few brush strokes."

Nathan beamed, looking beyond pleased at my compliment. Mia nudged me with her elbow, zeroing in on my mention of Jackson.

"Where is Jackson, by the way?" she asked. She smiled at me slyly. "I hear you guys are spending a lot of time together."

I flushed, wondering what Claire had told her. "We've spent some time getting to know each other. He's a great guy."

Mia nodded eagerly. "He is. And I heard he's smitten."

"Mia," Nathan said warningly with a frown. "You weren't supposed to say anything."

Mia looked at Nathan guiltily. "Sorry. But I'm sure Emma already knows that." She turned back to me. "Right, Emma?"

I cleared my throat, feeling a little embarrassed. "I guess."

Jackson chose that moment to reappear with two drinks in his hands. I hoped he hadn't overheard our conversation.

"Great show, Nathan," Jackson said in greeting. He grinned at Mia. "I'm glad you're here to make sure he doesn't sabotage potential sales." Jackson handed me my drink. "Once Nathan forbade someone from buying a painting because he was wearing penny loafers and a sweater tied around his shoulders."

"Actually, we were just talking about you," Mia said with a mischievous smile. "I was just saying that I'm sure Emma already knows that you're smitten with her."

Instead of being embarrassed, Jackson wrapped his arm around my waist, smiling down at me.

"I think Emma, out of everyone, knows that."

I was blushing furiously but I smiled faintly. "Let's concentrate on Nathan's show and not the state of Jackson's feelings towards me. Otherwise, I have a feeling I'll be drinking heavily tonight."

Nathan nodded approvingly, grinning. "That's right. Let's bring the subject back to me."

Fortunately, the topic did shift back to Nathan as we walked around the gallery and he told us a little about each painting. He was bombarded with people coming up to him and he handled it with ease, reveling in the attention.

"He loves all the fawning, but he hates selling his paintings," Mia confided in me. We were standing next to Jackson and Nathan who were busy talking to a couple of guys that they knew. Jackson had introduced me, but I had become disinterested in their conversation about sports, so Mia and I had drifted into our own conversation. "He says it's like having to sell his children. I keep telling him that his 'children' are crowding our apartment and he needs to get rid of some of them."

"I can imagine it would be tough to live with some of these paintings." Several were oversized and taller than I was. Mia had explained that Nathan used a spare bedroom in their apartment as a studio, but he had so many paintings that they were spilling into the rest of the apartment.

We didn't see much of Claire during the showing. I caught glimpses of her talking to other people and she seemed to be having a good time. Once I turned to find her watching me, and I gave her a little wave. Instead of waving back, she frowned and turned around.

"Claire can be moody as hell," Mia volunteered. I turned to her, not realizing she had witnessed the exchange. "Don't take it personally."

"Really?" I asked, surprised. "She's been nothing but nice to me since I moved in, but sometimes I get an odd vibe from her."

"Don't get me wrong, I like Claire," Mia said. "We've been friends for a while, but I've never been able to get really close to her. It's like she builds a barrier and doesn't let anyone see her true emotions. I've never seen her really happy and I've never seen her really sad. It's like she's always even-keeled. We're women-that's not possible!"

I laughed at Mia's comment, but I understood what she meant. I often felt like Claire was watching everyone, silently assessing everything and tucking away her observations.

Jackson reached over, pulling me next to him by my waist, and I forgot about Claire.

"How are you doing?" he asked with a sweet smile.

"Great! I'm having a good time."

Jackson leaned down and kissed me softly. We had been like this all night and I was too happy to wonder if we were making a spectacle of ourselves. Our feelings were so new that it was hard to keep our hands off each other. We were constantly touching each other, stealing quick kisses, and forgetting about everyone else, the crowd fading away as we focused on each other.

Unfortunately, I knew I had to get home at a decent hour so that I wasn't exhausted for work tomorrow.

"I hate to end the night, but I should go home. Otherwise, I'm going to be dragging tomorrow."

Jackson looked disappointed, but he didn't argue. I was happy he seemed to understand that I had to make work a priority. We said our goodbyes to Nathan and Mia and promised that we would get together soon. Jackson went to coat check to get his umbrella while I looked for Claire to tell her we were leaving. I found her at the bar and I made my way towards her.

"Claire," I said, touching her arm to get her attention. "We're leaving now. Do you want to come with us?"

Claire smiled, none of her earlier moodiness apparent. "You guys go ahead. I'm going to stay for a while."

"Okay, but make sure to take a cab home. It's getting pretty late."

"Yes, Mom," Claire said, grinning. "See you later."

Jackson hailed a cab when we got outside and we climbed inside, thankful that it had finally stopped raining. When we got to my apartment, Jackson paid the cab driver and got out as well.

"Why aren't you taking the cab to your place?" I asked. I gave him a stern look. "Remember, I have to get up early tomorrow. As much as I'd like to, I have to make it an early night."

Jackson wrapped his arms around me and I knew with a little convincing, I would relent and invite him upstairs. He gave me a long lingering kiss and I had to stop myself from asking him to come up with me so that I could strip him naked and explore his body with my tongue. My illicit thoughts when it came to Jackson never ceased to amaze me.

"I'm so close, I'm just going to walk home. Besides, I didn't want the cab driver leering while I gave you a proper kiss goodnight."

"I think I need another goodnight kiss. The first one barely registered," I lied with an impish smile.

Jackson lifted his eyebrows but his eyes gleamed with the challenge. "I'll have to try harder then, I guess."

He slowly brushed my lips with his, nipping at my bottom lip and sucking it gently into his mouth. He cradled my head between his hands and soon the kiss went from gentle to demanding. He thrust his tongue into my mouth, mimicking another act, letting me know what he was craving. I whimpered and wrapped my arms around his neck, pushing my breasts against his chest, my nipples aching to be touched.

I barely registered the raindrops falling on us. All I could focus on was the heat of Jackson's mouth, his hands pushing my hips against his, letting me feel how much he wanted me. Our kiss was wild and out of control as we both strained to get as close to each other as possible, never feeling that we were close enough.

Jackson broke the kiss first, breathing harshly and resting his forehead against mine.

"It's raining," he rasped, stating the obvious. We were both getting soaked, but I couldn't seem to care at that moment. I looked up at Jackson's face, raindrops streaming down his face, his hair completely soaked, and I felt as happy as if it were a brilliantly sunny day.

"I noticed," I replied wryly. I looked down at Jackson's empty hands. "Where's the umbrella?"

"I must have left it in the cab," Jackson replied with a rueful grin. "It's okay. I'm already soaked and it's a short walk home."

I shook my head. "Come upstairs. You can't go home like this. You'll catch a cold."

"Emma, really, I'm okay. This wasn't some ploy to get you to invite me upstairs, as much as I'd like to strip you naked right now. I know you need to get up early for work tomorrow. I'll have to wait for Wednesday."

I knew he was right. I knew that inviting Jackson up wasn't a good idea. I didn't want to risk being late for work tomorrow and I didn't know what time Claire would be home. But at that moment, I didn't care. All I knew was that I wanted Jackson. And that want overpowered everything else.

"I know," I whispered. "But there's no way I can just go to bed now. All I can think about is you being inside of me. If you don't go up with me, I'm just going to have to make myself come. And my fingers don't feel nearly as good as your cock."

Jackson's arms tightened around me, his eyes gleaming with anticipation. "Sweetheart, you only have to ask once. Although one of these days, you're going to have to let me watch you touch yourself."

We rushed up the stairs to my apartment, barely making it to my bedroom before we started stripping off our wet clothes. We didn't even make it to the bed. Jackson turned me around so my hands were braced against the wall and he swiftly entered me from behind, each thrust taking me closer and closer to the edge. His hands cupped my breasts, holding on to them as he pumped furiously, his fingers twisting my nipples until I cried out. He reached down with one hand and stroked my clit as he continued pounding into me. I was unable to swallow my cries when my orgasm made me shudder as wave after wave of pleasure wracked my body.

As the last tremor left me, I moved back against Jackson, wanting him to find his release as well.

"Please, Jackson," I whispered. "Come inside me."

Jackson groaned as he started thrusting again, his hands now on my hips as he slammed in and out of me.

"You feel so fucking good, Emma. So tight. So wet. This is mine, Emma. This is mine."

Jackson thrust in me one last time, crying out gutturally and making unintelligible sounds as he pumped his release into me. I tightened my muscles, milking him, wanting every last drop of his come inside of me. I felt an acute need to be as close to him as possible, to have everything from him. Because he had everything from me.

Chapter Eight

June fell into a pattern as Jackson and I spent as much time together as possible. I stopped by the gym most weekdays after work and afterwards we would either go out to dinner or make dinner at Jackson's apartment. It was getting harder and harder not to spend every waking moment with Jackson, but I forced myself to spend at least a few nights at my apartment, much to his displeasure.

I made a concerted effort to spend some time with Claire, making sure we had dinner together a few weeknights and spending Sunday afternoons at Max's, along with Nathan and Mia and, of course, Jackson. Luckily, Claire seemed to approve of our relationship so she never seemed to mind my frequent absences.

Jackson always wanted to have me around, so I spent most Friday and Saturday nights cheering him on during their play. Saturday afternoons were the best when we would explore the city. Our activities ranged from the typical tourist attractions, like the Statue of Liberty, to strolling through festivals and eating our way through the city.

I was completely happy during those days. Work was going well, and Janet often told me how much of an asset she thought I was as she gave me more and more responsibilities. Jackson fully supported my ambitions, accepting that I often had to work late with no complaints. On those days, I skipped the gym and went straight to Jackson's apartment, knowing he would be waiting for me with dinner. And we couldn't seem to get enough of each other in bed. I was sure the flame of our attraction would die down after a while, but we still made love with the same urgency of our first week.

It was after one of those intense lovemaking sessions, while Jackson cradled me from behind, spooning me, that he whispered those words to me.

"Emma, I love you."

My heart burst with emotion. I had been saying those words to him in my head, but I had been afraid to say them out loud. Jackson saying it first freed me, making my heart gape open. I was completely vulnerable yet completely happy.

I turned around in his arms, gazing at him as he looked back at me seriously.

"I love you too, Jackson. I never thought I could love someone as much as I love you."

Jackson's eyes glittered with emotion as he tightened his arms around me. "You and me, Emma. It's you and me against the world. There'll never be anyone else for me."

He kissed me but it wasn't just a kiss of passion. It was a kiss of promise. A promise that we would be together forever.

July came with a lot of heat and humidity and we spent the Fourth of July in Jackson's apartment, straining to catch glimpses of the fireworks over the East River between buildings from his balcony. We had passed on Nathan and Mia's barbecue, and I worried out loud that we were isolating ourselves. But Jackson just shrugged, saying that we saw them almost every Sunday and that he wanted to spend the holiday alone with me.

I was a nervous wreck when he announced that his mother was coming into the city for a charity function one day at the end of July and he wanted me to meet her. Jackson reassured me repeatedly that his mother would love me, but it didn't make me any less nervous. Fortunately, Jackson's mother was gracious and sweet when we met for lunch, telling me that she was glad that Jackson had finally found someone. Jackson had just grinned widely, obviously happy that his mother and I were getting along so well.

I didn't tell my own mother about Jackson during her frequent phone calls. My mother had been disappointed and upset about my broken engagement to Sean, so I didn't think she could handle me having a new relationship so quickly. She didn't do well with change and I didn't want to ruin my happiness by having to justify it to her.

August was a busy month. I had a lot on my plate at Mass Comm and Jackson's play had completed its run so he was going on a lot of auditions although not much was panning out. We spent a bulk of the month furniture shopping and it thrilled me that I had so much input in decorating his apartment. Jackson surprised me with a diamond pendant set in platinum on a silver chain at the end of August, announcing that it was our three-month anniversary. I protested that it was too generous and I hadn't gotten him anything, not knowing that we were celebrating our three-month anniversary, but he had silenced me with a kiss and asserted that his present was seeing me wearing nothing except his necklace. I was happy to oblige.

It was the Friday before Labor Day and I was itching to leave the office. Jackson and I were going to the Hamptons where we had rented a house for the weekend, along with Claire, Nathan and Mia.

I heard the intercom buzz and picked up the receiver.

"Hi, Janet."

"Emma, can you come in here for a minute. I just want to go over some things before the long weekend."

"No problem."

I replaced the receiver and walked into Janet's office, notepad and pen in hand. We had developed an easy working relationship these past couple of months as Janet had gained confidence in my skills.

I settled into the chair across from her, my pen poised above my notebook.

"Do you have plans this weekend?" Janet asked. I wasn't surprised by her question. As our working relationship grew, Janet had shown more interest in me as a person and we often traded stories about what we had done over the weekend. Most of her life seemed to revolve around work, but she seemed happy with it.

"I'm going to the Hamptons with my boyfriend and a few friends. What about you?"

"I'm heading up to Connecticut to visit my parents. I'll be working most of the time there though. I want to make sure everything is perfect for our presentation on Tuesday with Canonfield."

We were pitching a new marketing campaign to Janet's biggest client, and even though we were their agency of record, they were opening the field for their latest campaign to other agencies and Mass Comm was looking at Janet closely to ensure that she kept Canonfield as a client.

"I hate to ask this of you last minute, especially during a long holiday weekend, but some pivotal changes just came in from creative and I need them to be integrated into the presentation. The changes are complex so it'll probably take some time. Can you work on it this weekend? You can take it with you to the Hamptons."

Although I didn't relish the idea of spending some of the weekend working, there was no way I was going to say no or show any reluctance. I knew how important this was to Janet. I also appreciated the fact that she wasn't asking me to come into the office to work on it.

"Of course," I replied easily. "I'd be happy to."

Janet spent the next hour going over the changes with me since they were significant revisions. Afterwards, she said I could leave for the day, asking that I email her the revised presentation, as well as saving it to a disk.

I packed up my things, smiling as I straightened the picture I had on my desk. The picture was one of Jackson and me that we had taken on top of the Empire State Building. We looked happy and relaxed with our arms around each other and my head tucked under his chin. Whenever I felt stressed or overwhelmed at work, I only needed to look at that picture to feel a sense of calm. No matter what happened at work, Jackson would be waiting for me at home with a loving smile and kiss.

I said goodbye to Celeste, who had spent the day complaining that she was spending the holiday weekend stuck in her apartment with her husband doing nothing, and I rushed home. Jackson was picking Claire and me up and I needed to finish packing.

When I got home, Claire was in her bedroom and I stuck my head in the open door.

"Hi! I see you're doing the same thing I need to be doing."

Claire had her suitcase open on her bed and was busy filling it to the brim. She sighed in frustration as she waved at her suitcase.

"You'd think we were going for an entire week instead of a weekend by the way I'm packing. I can't seem to decide what to take, so it makes me want to take everything."

"I'm sure whatever you choose will be perfect. I need to change and get packing too."

When I got to my bedroom, I pulled my hair into a ponytail and quickly changed into a white skirt and fitted tee, relieved to be out of my stifling work clothes. I dragged my suitcase, which I had already half-filled the night before, in front of the closet. I was more decisive than Claire in choosing what to pack, probably because I had much less clothing.

I rolled my suitcase into the living room and sat down on the couch, pulling out my phone to make sure I hadn't missed any text messages from Jackson. I saw I had one and opened it, still eager to hear from him even though we had been together for over three months.

Can't wait to see you, sweetheart. I missed having you next to me last night. I'll be there at 6.

I felt a warm glow, happy that Jackson couldn't seem to get enough of me as much as I couldn't get enough of him. I checked the time and saw that it was a quarter to six. Claire lugged her suitcase into the living room, collapsing next to me on the couch. She raised her eyebrows when she saw my Tumi suitcase.

"Nice suitcase."

I rolled my eyes. "Jackson insisted on buying it for me after I told him about the debacle with my humongous plastic burgundy ones. He wouldn't take no for an answer."

It had become a habit of Jackson's to perpetually buy me things, even though I protested. I didn't need a lot of the things he gave me, but he told me that he wasn't buying me things because I needed them. He was buying me things because it made him happy, and his money from his grandmother was just sitting around. Admittedly, it had been fun spending Jackson's money to help him furnish his apartment, but I was okay with that since we were buying things for him.

"Jackson's always been generous," Claire said. "If he can't be generous with his girlfriend, who can he be generous with?"

"I guess," I said reluctantly but then smiled. "Although I have to admit it's nice not having to lug those atrocious suitcases around."

I heard the front door buzzer and jumped up, eager to see Jackson. He was all smiles as he ran up the stairs as I stood in the open doorway, drinking in the sight of him. His green eyes were twinkling and he looked gorgeous with a lock of his dark hair falling over his forehead.

"Hi, baby," he said, picking me up effortlessly and twirling me around. I laughed at his silliness, feeling breathless when he set me down on the ground. "I've missed you."

"It's only been a day since we saw each other," I replied drily, although I had been missing him as well.

"That's one day too many." Jackson leaned down and kissed me and I stood on the tips of my toes, letting him know without words that I had missed him too.

I heard a throat clear and I pulled back, embarrassed that I had forgotten Claire was in the room.

"Sorry," I apologized with a weak grin. "I guess we got a little carried away."

"No problem," Claire said with a bemused smile. "I just don't want to be late picking up Nathan and Mia."

"We should get downstairs. I'm double-parked and the last thing I want to do is get a ticket before we leave."

Jackson carried our suitcases down the stairs with ease and stowed them in the back of the SUV he had rented for the weekend. I slid into the front seat as Claire climbed into the backseat. It was a short ride to Nathan and Mia's apartment and we waited in the car while Jackson called them on his cell phone, telling them we were out front.

"How long will it take to get to the Hamptons?" I asked, practically bouncing up and down in my seat with excitement. Jackson and I had never been able to go away for the weekend before because of his play, but now that it was over, I was anticipating a lot more fun weekends.

Jackson smiled at me indulgently, lifting our hands that were intertwined and kissing the back of mine. "Probably a couple of hours with traffic."

"You're going to love the Hamptons, Emma," Claire said, leaning forward between the front seats. "There's always a ton of amazing parties during Labor Day weekend."

I turned around excitedly. "I heard the food there is incredible too."

Claire nodded, although less enthusiastically. "There's a lot of great seafood."

Jackson chuckled. "I think Emma is more interested in the food than the parties."

"I admit it," I said wryly. "I'm dreaming of lobsters, not parties in mansions."

Our conversation was interrupted by the arrival of Nathan and Mia. They loaded their bags into the back of the car and joined Claire in the backseat.

"Hey, guys," Nathan said. He slapped Jackson on the shoulder. "Thanks for driving, man. It's much better than taking the bus."

"Is this your first time going to the Hamptons, Emma?" Mia asked.

"Yeah. Claire was just telling me that there are tons of great parties happening this weekend."

"And the food," Mia said dreamily. "That's one of the reasons I love going to the Hamptons. The food there is to die for. I just hope someone is having a lobster bake on the beach."

"See!" I said triumphantly, shooting Jackson a sideways glance. "I'm not the only one excited about the food."

Jackson grinned. "Hey, I'm right there with you. I'll take a seafood feast over a swanky party any day."

"Speaking of feasts and parties, I'll have to take some time out from the festivities tomorrow to do some work. My boss needs some revisions done for a presentation on Tuesday and I promised I would get them to her as soon as possible."

"Poor Emma," Nathan said, shaking his head. "You'll be wiling away, hard at work, while I'm frolicking on the beach."

Mia rolled her eyes. "The last thing anyone wants to see is you frolicking, Nathan."

"That's too bad," Claire said sympathetically. "It must be pretty important if you have to work over a holiday weekend."

"It is. We're trying to make sure our biggest client doesn't go to another agency, and hopefully our presentation will ensure that. Our creative department just made some changes last minute so that's why I have to do some work over the weekend."

I squeezed Jackson's hand, hoping he wasn't disappointed that I had to spend part of the weekend working. "Sorry. Hopefully it won't take too long."

"It's okay," Jackson said with a smile. "It'll be worth it when you're a hotshot executive and I can spend my days popping bonbons while watching The Price is Right."

I laughed, appreciative of the fact that Jackson was so understanding.

The traffic to the Hamptons was worse than expected and the drive ended up taking a little under three hours. When we finally pulled up to the house, I was relieved to be able to get out and stretch my legs.

"It's beautiful," I said, gazing up at the house. There were plenty of lights on the exterior of the house so I could appreciate it even though it was dark. It was a large house with white shingles and black shutters, complete with a wrap-around porch. The house was right on the beach, and with the ocean as a backdrop, it looked picturesque and charming.

"I'm glad you like it," Jackson said, grabbing my hand and pulling me into the circle of his arms, my back against his chest. He gave me a soft kiss on my neck and then brushed my ear with his lips. "This is going to be an amazing weekend. Plus I have great news."

"What is it?" I asked, turning around to look at him. He just winked at me and nodded in the direction of the others who were busy pulling their luggage from the SUV.

"I'll tell you later. I want it to be private."

I was curious about Jackson's news, but I let him lead me into the house after he had grabbed our bags. The inside was as lovely as the outside, decorated comfortably in a shabby chic style.

"How are we going to decide who takes which rooms?" I asked the group.

"You and Jackson can take the biggest room since you'll be sharing one," Mia volunteered generously. "All the bedrooms are actually pretty big, so it's no big deal."

"Are you sure?" I asked uncertainly, not wanting to hog the biggest room just because we were a couple.

"We won't be spending much time in the bedrooms anyway," Nathan said. "It's no problem."

Jackson grinned at me wickedly, clearly trying to communicate that he was planning on spending plenty of time in the bedroom. I just shook my head, hoping that the others hadn't noticed his look.

Jackson carried our suitcases up the stairs and I followed behind him as the others shuffled to their rooms as well. I immediately fell in love with our bedroom the moment Jackson opened the door. It was spacious with large windows that looked right out onto the beach and a four-poster bed that looked inviting with a soft white comforter and gigantic pillows. We had our own bathroom connected to the bedroom with a large claw-foot tub that was big enough for two people.

"I'm not going to want to leave here," I said, plopping down on the bed and leaning against the pillows. "Let's just move here and spend our days lazing about on the beach."

Jackson sat down next to me, pulling me close and smiling at me tenderly. "Sounds like a plan to me. I'd be happy anywhere as long as we're together."

"You sure know how to woo a girl," I said half-jokingly. "Those sweet nothings just roll off your tongue."

"Only for you, Emma," he said, his face serious. "I love you so much that it's sometimes hard to breathe when you're not around."

Instead of Jackson's words scaring me, they reassured me. It was sometimes difficult to come to terms with how strongly and intensely I loved Jackson. It didn't seem right to fixate so much on one person, to feel as though life was shades of grey until he entered the room, making everything Technicolor. Although it unsettled me on some level, I was relieved that Jackson felt the same way.

"You're not the only one," I confessed, running my hand against the stubble of his cheek. I smiled, shaking off the serious mood. "What's this good news you have?"

"Remember the audition I went on for that role in the John Warner movie?" I nodded, remembering how excited Jackson had been to audition for the part. A casting director had seen Jackson in Choosing Matthew and had recommended that he audition for a role in the new John Warner film, an action movie that centered on government corruption. It would be a huge breakthrough for Jackson to get a role in such a high profile movie. He was especially excited about the prospect of working with John Warner, who had the reputation of making intelligent action movies that went beyond car chases and fight scenes.

Jackson had gone to an audition held in New York about a month ago and had been disappointed when he hadn't heard anything back. He had assumed they had lost interest.

"Mark called me today. They're flying me out to L.A. on Tuesday to meet with John Warner and audition for him. They're considering me for a supporting role. Apparently, they want some new faces."

"That's amazing!" I squealed, hugging him tightly. Mark Steelburg was Jackson's agent and I was happy that Jackson was finally getting a chance at a big break. At the same time, I felt a hard ball of anxiety form in the pit of my stomach. If Jackson got this part, that meant he would be in California for months since the movie would be filming there. I had my job here in New York, so I didn't know how often we would get to see each other. I wondered how this would affect our relationship, but there was no way I was going to bring that up. This was Jackson's chance and I wasn't going to complain about what it would do to us. Besides, I was jumping the gun. Jackson hadn't even gotten the part yet.

Jackson looked excited and happy. "It's not a done deal yet. It's just way more progress than I've ever had. Even if I don't get the part, it's nice to be on the radar."

"If they're smart, you'll definitely get the part. Do you know who else is going to be in it?"

Jackson shook his head. "Mark said they're considering a few actors for the lead role, but it hasn't been confirmed yet."

We were both leaning against the headboard of the bed, facing each other, and he pulled me closer, wrapping one leg around mine. "Can you come with me to California?"

I felt a flush of pleasure that Jackson wanted me with him, but I knew that was impossible. "Jackson, I can't. As much as I would love to, work is crazy. I told you about that big meeting my boss has on Tuesday. There's no way I could miss work."

"What about after Tuesday? I'll probably be in L.A. all of next week. That's a long time." The corners of Jackson's mouth turned down, as if the prospect of being apart for a whole week was unthinkable. I smoothed away the frown with my thumb, smiling gently.

"Jackson, you know I would love to go with you if I could. I just can't right now. Besides, you'll be way too busy to have me trailing behind you."

Jackson turned and leaned his back against the headboard with a sigh, pulling me with him so that I was nestled against his side. "I was pretty sure that you would say no because of work. I just thought I'd try asking." He paused for a few seconds and then continued.

"What if I get the part?" Jackson asked, sounding uncertain. "Mark said if I get the role they're considering me for, I could be gone for as long as five months."

My stomach dropped at Jackson's words, but I tried not to show it, covering my reaction with a smile. "That's a long time, but we'll get through it somehow. We'll probably rack up a lot of frequent flier miles."

Jackson was silent for a few beats and I was hoping that he wouldn't push the issue. The last thing I wanted was to have this conversation at the start of a holiday weekend, but Jackson had a determined look on his face.

"Emma," he started, looking serious. "I know work is important to you. I understand and appreciate that, but we can't have a relationship while we're on different coasts. Especially since this role could lead to other parts."

I pulled back, feeling a spark of irritation start to flame. I knew this was Jackson's dream, but it felt unfair to have him put this kind of pressure on me.

"What are you saying, Jackson? Are you saying that if you get this part and I don't go with you, we're over?" My voice trembled over the last words, anger and fear making my voice unsteady.

Jackson grabbed my hands, his eyes flashing. "Christ, Emma. No. That's not what I'm saying. How could you even think that? I'm just saying that I can't imagine being on the opposite side of the country from you for so long."

He pulled me close, nuzzling his face into the crook of my neck and breathing deeply. "You're my life, Emma. Don't ever think that I would want to break up. I'd do anything to make sure we stayed together."

I threaded my hands in Jackson's hair and pulled his face gently back so that he was looking at me.

"I think we're getting a little ahead of ourselves. Why don't we figure out what we're going to do once you get the part?"

"If I get the part," Jackson countered with a small smile.

I grinned at him and gave him a quick kiss. "Like I said, if they're intelligent, you'll get the part."

Jackson's smile faded as he gazed at me, looking somber. I opened my mouth to ask him what was wrong, but before I could utter a word, his lips were on mine and I forgot about any words I had been about to say.

His hand slipped under my skirt while he continued kissing me, his tongue stroking mine. I whimpered when I felt his fingers slip under the band of my panties and slowly stroke my wetness, dipping his fingers into me. My hips bucked against his hand of their own accord as I deepened the kiss, wanting every part of me to be marked by him.

"Always like this," Jackson muttered against my mouth. He flicked my sensitive bud with his finger, stroking it rhythmically as I lifted my hips, circling against his hand and feeling the desperate need for release. "We'll always be like this. Promise me."

"I promise," I choked out. Jackson continued stroking my swollen bud, knowing just the right pressure to send me over the edge. I felt the tide of sensation about to crest and Jackson kissed me fiercely, swallowing my cries of pleasure and continuing to stroke me until I fell back limply in his arms.

I looked up at him after I caught my breath, stroking his cheek and wanting to reassure him. I could feel his worry about the future, but I had spent enough of my life planning a future to know that it didn't take much to make those plans come crashing down.

"I love you, Jackson. That's all that matters. We'll figure out the rest."

Jackson smiled and I saw his troubled eyes clear of uncertainty. "I love you too, Emma. You're right, we'll figure it out."

I raised my head to kiss him when there was a knock on the door. I jumped, startled by it, and frantically pushed Jackson's hand from under my skirt. He just grinned wickedly, not seeming to care that we were about to be interrupted in a compromising position.

I glared at him, telling him with my eyes to behave. I got up from the bed, but Jackson just laid back against the pillows, his arms crossed behind his head with a satisfied smirk on his face.

"Come in," I called out, hoping that I didn't look too flushed.

The door opened and Claire stuck her head in. "Hey, sorry to bother you, but we thought we would just stay in tonight since it's late and grill outside. Are you guys in?"

Claire opened the door wider and walked into the bedroom, her eyes moving from Jackson to me. I unconsciously smoothed my skirt down but stilled when I saw Claire's gaze stop on my hand.

"Sure, that sounds great!" I replied brightly, trying to hide my mortification, feeling like it was glaringly obvious that we had been in the middle of something hot and heavy.

Claire nodded, her eyes unreadable. "Just come out whenever you're ready. We'll get started."

When the door closed behind her, I grimaced at Jackson who was still lying on the bed looking unperturbed. "That was so embarrassing. I bet she could tell we had been doing something."

Jackson got up from the bed, grinning as he leaned down and kissed me. "Who cares? We're all adults here. I doubt they think we're going to be playing Monopoly in here."

"We're not going to talk about this anymore," I said firmly. Intellectually, I knew that it was no big deal but a little part of me was still a prude and didn't want the others thinking we were having wild crazy sex in here. Not that it would prevent me from having wild crazy sex with Jackson. Nothing could prevent that.

"Let's go outside then. I'm starving." Jackson paused before opening the door. "Don't mention my audition to the others. I don't want to say anything unless I actually get the part."

I nodded, understanding that Jackson didn't want to get everyone excited for something that might not happen. We joined the others out on the back porch and all thoughts of embarrassment dissipated as I sat back in a chair, breathing in the sea air and feeling content. We had asked the caretaker to fill the kitchen with groceries before we arrived, so Jackson and Nathan were busy manning the grill, assuring us that the men would take care of dinner tonight.

Mia sat down next to me and handed me a cold beer.

"Thanks," I said, taking a long sip. I sighed, looking around. "Life doesn't get much better than this, huh?"

Mia nodded, the slight breeze causing her dark brown hair to flutter around her face. She propped the heel of one foot on the edge of her chair, leaning her head against her folded leg.

"It really is perfect. The crazy city seems so far away here. I love New York, but sometimes the pace can get tiring. Sometimes I just want to look up and see trees. And not just when I'm in Central Park."

"Would you ever consider leaving?" I asked. I was surprised hearing this from Mia. I thought of her as a diehard New Yorker and couldn't understand how someone could get sick of New York. Then again, Mia had lived here a lot longer than I had. I could imagine how the pace and crowds could get tiring after a while.

Mia smiled ruefully. "Probably not. Don't listen to me. After a couple of days, I'll be itching to get back into the city."

I nodded towards Claire who was on the beach, close to the water's edge. I wasn't sure why she was off on her own when the rest of us were on the porch. Her figure looked solitary and lonely. "Is Claire okay?"

"I'm sure she's fine," Mia said, rolling her eyes. "Like I said before, she's moody. She'll be the life of the party thirty minutes from now."

Mia and I chatted about her favorite places in the Hamptons since she was a frequent visitor until Jackson and Nathan announced that dinner was served. Nathan called Claire over to join us and we settled around the table on the back porch. Nathan and Jackson had grilled steaks, as well as some potatoes and asparagus.

"Everything tastes amazing," I said as I dug into my food. I smiled at Jackson. "Compliments to the chef."

Nathan cleared his throat and I turned to him, my smile widening. "To both chefs, of course."

Nathan grinned widely, but Mia groaned. "Don't encourage him, Emma. If Nathan was left to his own devices, he would have burned everything and called it Cajun style."

"That was just one time," Nathan protested. "And it did taste kind of Cajun after you cut away the burnt parts."

This led into a discussion about whose culinary skills were the best. I was content just to listen, feeling happy and full as the voices chattered around me. Jackson caught my eye every now and then, giving me an amused wink as Nathan's defense of his cooking got louder. Claire was sitting on the other side of me and had been silent for most of dinner, just picking at her food.

"Are you okay?" I asked in a low voice, although it wasn't necessary since the others were talking so loudly.

"I'm fine," Claire replied, smiling. "Just a little tired. It was a long drive and I think my fatigue is killing my appetite."

"I wish I had that problem," I said with a self-deprecating laugh. "Nothing kills my appetite."

Claire just nodded and turned back to her food, although she didn't do much besides poke her steak with her fork. I decided to let her be. She didn't seem to be in the mood to talk and nothing was more annoying than having someone bug you when you kept insisting you were okay.

After dinner, Nathan suggested taking a walk on the beach but Claire claimed exhaustion and went to her room, saying she was going to bed early so she would be refreshed for tomorrow.

"I'm pretty beat too," Jackson said, stretching his arms above his head. I opened my mouth to say I wasn't tired at all, but Jackson just grabbed my hand.

"Goodnight," I called out to Nathan and Mia as Jackson dragged me up the stairs, not leaving me much choice in the matter.

When we got to our bedroom, I crossed my arms against my chest. "I'm not tired," I said with a frown.

Jackson waggled his eyebrows. "Neither am I."

I couldn't help giggling at Jackson's silly suggestive gesture, but when he pulled me onto the bed and slid my panties down my legs, I was no longer laughing. And I wasn't laughing when we had the wild crazy sex that I had been looking forward to earlier.

Chapter Nine

The next morning we decided to go to a local cafe for brunch on Mia's recommendation. She raved about the food there and she was right. The apple cinnamon waffles I ordered were out of this world and Jackson promised to try to replicate the recipe back home.

Claire seemed to be back in good spirits and she and Mia decided to spend the afternoon shopping. I insisted that Jackson go to the beach with Nathan while I went back to the house to work for a few hours. He wanted to go back with me, but I knew he would just be a distraction. Besides, the last thing I wanted Jackson to do was waste time sitting around just because I had to work.

Back at the house, I powered up my laptop in the living room and got to work. The changes in the presentation were time consuming and I had to go over it again and again to make sure it flowed correctly. I breathed a sigh of relief when I was finished. I emailed a copy to Janet and saved a copy to a disk.

I checked the time and saw two hours had passed. I was about to pick up my phone to call Jackson to see where he was when I heard the front door open. Claire walked in with several shopping bags.

"I see you had a successful shopping trip," I said, indicating the bags in her hands. Claire set the bags by the couch and sat down with a tired sigh.

"Most of these are Mia's bags. She went on a shopping spree."

"Where is she?"

"She wanted to join Jackson and Nathan at the beach, so I told her I'd bring her bags back since I was tired and wanted to take a nap." Claire rolled her eyes. "I didn't realize all those pairs of shoes she bought would feel as heavy as bricks."

I laughed as I stretched my back, tight after being hunched over the computer so long. "I think I'm going to go join them on the beach. Do you know where they are exactly?"

Claire nodded, pointing to the back porch. "They're on Main Beach. Just go out and take a right. You'll be right on top of them in about a quarter of a mile."

"Thanks," I said, closing my computer. "I'm going to go change. Are you sure you don't want to come with me?"

"No thanks," Claire said. "I need a nap if I'm going to be able to keep my eyes open tonight."

We had been invited to a lobster bake on the beach by one of Mia's friends and I was ecstatic at the prospect. However, I had plenty of energy to last me well into the evening and I was eager to see Jackson.

I went upstairs, taking my laptop and papers with me, and quickly changed into a bathing suit, throwing shorts and a t-shirt over them. I had bought a new bikini with Jackson in mind. It was red and mini, scraps of fabric barely holding in my curves and generous chest.

It was easy to find them on the beach and Jackson's eyes lit up when he saw me. I felt a warmth inside me as I approached him, soaking in his gorgeousness. His dark hair was wet and slicked back and there were beads of water on his muscled arms and chest, probably from having just gotten out of the water. I had to resist the urge to lap up the water with my tongue and pull down his green swim trunks to see what else I could use my tongue on.

I tried to clear my head of those thoughts, especially since Nathan and Mia were stretched out on towels next to him. I couldn't help but feel a twinge of envy at Mia's body. Years of being a ballerina had obviously given her an amazing figure. She was long and lean and her blue bikini showed off every asset. Nathan was no slump in the body category either, his heavy muscles gleaming with sweat and suntan lotion.

"I was just about to head back to see if you were done," Jackson said, pulling me into his arms. I squealed as droplets from his wet hair splattered against me.

"You're all wet!"

"And you're wearing too many clothes."

I shook my head in exasperation, but I obliged as I pulled my t-shirt over my head and shimmied out of my shorts. Jackson's eyes darkened as his gaze traveled down my body and then up again. He quirked his mouth as he met my eyes.

"Am I supposed to be able to control myself with you in that bikini?"

"Shh," I whispered, looking past him at Nathan and Mia. Mia had opened her eyes and waved at me, but Nathan seemed to be fast asleep.

Jackson rested his hands on my hips, just above the strings of my bikini bottom, his grip tightening. He smiled, but I could tell he only had one thing on his mind.

"I think we need to go into the water and cool you off," I said wryly. I grabbed him by his hand and guided him to the water. The beach was crowded, as well as the water, but we were able to navigate toward a deserted spot. Once the water was deep enough to reach Jackson's chest, he pulled me against him, his eyes gleaming.

I rationalized that we had relative privacy since we were pretty far out in the water and no one was around us. I wrapped my legs around his waist, the buoyancy of the water making it easy. Jackson supported me with his hands splayed against my back and he wasted no time in plundering my mouth with his. I forgot about the sun above us and the warm water lapping against us. I just clung to Jackson, our mouths doing what the rest of our bodies couldn't do since we were in public.

"This is torture," Jackson groaned when we pulled apart. "I'm rock hard for all the world to see."

I wasn't able to suppress a laugh at Jackson's expression of pained indignation. His eyes gleamed as he watched me.

"This is funny to you, huh?"

I nodded, a wide smile stretching across my face.

"Sweetheart, I wouldn't laugh if I were you. I'm not the only one that's obvious right now."

Jackson looked down at my chest and I followed his gaze. My nipples were erect and pushing against the fabric of my bikini top, clearly showing their state of arousal.

I crossed my arms against my chest and gave Jackson a triumphant smile. "Problem solved. What's your solution?"

"My ideal solution is sliding into you right now, but I think we'd both end up drowning."

"What's your other solution then?" I asked with a smug smile.

"Distracting myself."

With that, Jackson cupped his hand and skimmed it across the water, splashing me.

"Hey!" I exclaimed, trying to act outraged, but it was hard since Jackson had taken care not to splash my face so really all he had done was splash water on my already wet body. I decided not to be so considerate.

I grabbed his hands and pulled him underneath the water with me. Instead of resisting, he went down easily and pulled me closer to him. He cocked an eyebrow and then reached over, pulling the fabric covering one of my breasts to the side, exposing my nipple and tugging it between his fingers. Even underwater, I felt an arrow of desire shoot through me.

I pushed myself up above the surface and Jackson followed suit.

"No fair!" I said breathlessly as I quickly adjusted my bikini top back in place, water streaming off of us. "I was just trying to cool you off."

Jackson looked at me innocently. "I was just trying to help you out too. I didn't want your nipples to look so obvious so I thought touching them would help." He waggled his eyebrows exaggeratedly, reaching towards me. "Maybe my problem was that I didn't use my mouth."

I squealed and swam away with Jackson in pursuit. We spent the rest of the afternoon acting silly in the water interspersed with lying out on the beach. Nathan produced a Frisbee from his bag so we also spent a good portion of the day lazily throwing it around. For all of Mia's athletic abilities, she seemed unable to catch the Frisbee and we couldn't help bursting into laughter every time she looked bewildered when she made a grab for the Frisbee and it just whizzed past her.

It was already starting to get dark when we got back to the house. Claire was still in her room, the shopping apparently having really worn her out.

"I need to take a shower," I announced when we got back to our room.

"Not so fast," Jackson said, grabbing my hand. "I need to see you in that bikini again now that we're in private."

I purposely took my time taking off my shorts and t-shirt, trying to tease him. I hooked my thumbs into the strings of my bikini bottom, looking up at him coyly.

"Should I take this off or do you want to fuck me while I'm still wearing it?" I asked innocently. Jackson practically growled as he threw me on top of the bed and climbed up, hovering over me. He pulled down my bikini top, exposing my nipples that were still wet from my damp bathing suit. I lost my train of thought as Jackson flicked his tongue against a hard nipple and then sucked on it, pulling it forcefully in his mouth.

"Harder," I moaned, needing to feel Jackson brand me with his touch. "Suck me harder."

Jackson obliged, sucking hard and abrading my nipple with his teeth. His fingers were twisting my other nipple as I felt wetness rush between my legs. Jackson kissed his way down my body, pushing aside the thin strip of my bikini bottom between my legs, moving it out of the way so that I was totally exposed. He latched his mouth onto my engorged bud, slipping two fingers deep inside of me. I cried out in pleasure but it wasn't enough. I needed him inside of me.

"Please," I begged. "I need you inside of me."

Jackson made a guttural noise as he flipped me on my stomach.

"Get on your knees, sweetheart. I want to fuck you from behind."

I immediately obliged, pushing my bottom towards him eagerly, desperate for him to slide into me. I whimpered as he pushed into me, stretching me to my limit. He guided my hands onto the headboard of the bed.

"Hold on, baby. I'm going to fuck you senseless."

Jackson thrust into me again and again and I clung onto the headboard, each plunge of his erection bringing me closer and closer to screaming. I cried out when the sensations overtook me, hearing Jackson yell out behind me as he shot into me, holding my hips in place so that I didn't lose a drop of him.

We collapsed on the bed, Jackson pulling me close. He kissed me softly, as much reverence in his kiss as there had been ferocity during our lovemaking.

"I love you," he said softly. I snuggled in close to him, believing that I would never feel happier than I did in this moment.

"I love you too."

We lay in bed until it was time to get ready. We took a shower together, enjoying the simple feel of our hands sliding over each other's bodies. I put on a white summer dress and sandals, pulling my hair up on the sides with barrettes. Jackson looked casually handsome in a pair of khaki shorts and a green polo that made his eyes seem even brighter. We were dressing casually since we were going to an outdoor party on the beach.

Jackson fingered the diamond pendant around my neck, something that I never took off.

"Pretty soon, I'm going to put a diamond on your finger."

I held my breath, not expecting those words from Jackson. I knew we loved each other and we had promised to spend the rest of our lives together, but we had never actually talked about marriage. As much I loved Jackson, it seemed too soon to talk about getting married. I couldn't forget that I had just recently broken an engagement and taken another man's ring off my finger. I knew that I eventually wanted to marry Jackson, but not until the time was right.

I didn't say these things to Jackson, because I didn't want him to think I wasn't committed. I was. I was also scared that everything would change once we got engaged.

"I'm happy whether or not I have a ring on my finger."

Jackson smiled, brushing my lips with his. "I'll be even happier when I know you're mine forever."

I gazed at Jackson, my love for him shining out of my eyes. "I already am."

"We better get out of here before I'm tempted to get you naked again," Jackson said huskily.

I grabbed his hand, pulling him toward the bedroom door. "Let's go. One more round with you and I'm not going to be able to walk straight."

The lobster bake was only a few houses down from us so we had the luxury of walking to the party. When we got there, the party was already in full swing with people milling on the beach while others were stretched out on blankets. There was a huge fire pit with dozens of large pots, which Jackson explained were full of lobsters.

We mingled amongst the crowd socializing and Mia introduced us to the hostess, a woman in her mid-thirties who looked like she had stepped out of a fashion magazine.

After a while, Jackson and Nathan spread out a blanket that they had brought from the house and went to get plates of food while Mia, Claire and I settled down. We cheered when they came back with plates heaped with lobsters, boiled potatoes and ears of corn. The food was amazing, tasting even better because we were eating them outside with the salt of the ocean in the air.

Jackson reached over with a particularly large chunk of lobster, putting it in front of my mouth. I took it with relish, resisting the temptation to lick the butter off his fingers since we weren't alone. Jackson grinned as he watched me eat but I had gotten used to his gaze on me. I wasn't one to judge since I always seemed to be lusting after him.

After we finished eating, Nathan, Mia and Claire went to mingle, but Jackson and I stayed on the blanket. I settled in between his legs that were drawn up, resting my back against his chest. He wrapped his arms around me, cradling me close, and we just watched the waves break in the ocean, content with being silent in each other's company.

"Right now, life is perfect," Jackson said softly, breaking the silence.

I nodded, although I felt a flicker of fear that things would change if Jackson got the part in the movie.

"Let's remember what this feels like right now," I whispered. "Whatever happens, let's remember this moment. It's ours and no one can take it away."

Jackson stilled, and then gently lifted my face up by my chin so he could see into my eyes.

"What do you mean, whatever happens?"

"I just mean that we should remember this moment, even during the bad times. We're bound to have a few in the future, especially since you're incorrigible." I smiled to gentle my words, hoping that my lie sounded convincing.

Jackson grinned, tightening his arms around me. "Don't worry, I'll always let you win our fights if we have make-up sex afterwards."

The rest of the weekend flew by as we spent lazy afternoons on the beach and nights out at parties. I was relieved to receive a call from Janet on Sunday evening, because I had been worried that I hadn't gotten an email back from her confirming that she had received the presentation.

"I'm sorry I haven't gotten a chance to look at the presentation you sent me," Janet said, sounding harried.

"Is everything okay?" I was concerned because I had never heard Janet sound so distracted.

"My mother gave us a scare this weekend," she replied, sighing heavily. "She collapsed on Saturday and she didn't wake up until today. The doctors think she's having a heart valve failure but they're not sure."

"I'm so sorry to hear that." My throat tightened in sympathy. It was impossible not to think about my father anytime I heard about someone having heart problems. "Will you still be in the office on Tuesday?"

"Yes, she's stabilized and they're transferring her to a hospital in New York, so I'll be in. I don't think I'm going to have a chance to look at your presentation before the meeting. Everything is updated, right?"

"Absolutely. I triple-checked everything so it should be good to go for your meeting."

"Thanks, Emma. It's a relief to have one less thing I have to worry about. I'll see you on Tuesday."

"See you Tuesday."

That was the only damper on a glorious weekend and I was sad to leave the Hamptons on Monday evening when we drove back to New York. I stayed at Jackson's apartment since we weren't going to see each other for a week even though he was leaving on an early morning flight. That night, Jackson made love to me as if he was trying to brand me with his touch, and I eagerly matched his intensity.

"Good luck," I said with a quick kiss the next morning on the sidewalk in front of Jackson's apartment. We hadn't gotten much sleep last night. Jackson had been anxious about the audition and I had been anxious about everything, from Janet's presentation to what would happen once Jackson got on that plane.

"Thanks. I'll call you tonight, although I'm not sure what time since I don't know what my schedule will be like."

"No problem. Just text me when you land so that I know you got there safely."

Jackson pulled me in for a longer kiss, his lips soft and gentle on mine.

"I love you."

"I love you too, Jackson."

Jackson hailed a cab for me and I waved as the cabbie drove away. I turned to look through the rearview window and saw Jackson hail his own cab to take to the airport. I turned back and sighed. It was going to be hard not having Jackson around all week, but maybe it was good to get used to it in case we had to have a long distance relationship.

I pushed thoughts of Jackson out of my head when I got to work. I was surprised that I had beaten Janet to the office since she was always there before me, but it was understandable with everything going on with her mother.

"How was your weekend?" Celeste asked. We had a routine where I would tell her about my weekend and then she would complain about her husband. It was funny, because I knew that regardless of what she said, Celeste doted on her husband. I routinely overheard her conversations with her husband on the phone since she sat right next to me and they were positively lovey-dovey.

"It was good. The Hamptons was amazing. And I think I ate my body weight in lobster."

"All I did was sit around a hot apartment and watch my husband clip his toenails on the coffee table," Celeste complained loudly. I stifled a laugh at the image her words conjured up.

I started to get nervous when it was ten-thirty and Janet still hadn't arrived. Her meeting was at eleven o'clock and although Canonfield's office wasn't very far away, it was still cutting it close. Especially with traffic.

I was debating whether to call Janet on her cell phone when she rushed in, looking harried and stressed.

"Emma, can you come into my office?" she said as she walked quickly past me and into her office. I grabbed the disk with the presentation and followed her.

"I didn't think I was going to make it on time," Janet said, pushing her hair out of her face and grabbing a file folder from her desk. She kept her bag with her laptop inside slung over her shoulder, clearly not intending to sit down before rushing over to Canonfield's office.

"Do you have the presentation on disk? I don't want to have to wait to download it from my email."

"Here you go," I said, handing it to her.

"Great. I have to get out of here. Wish me luck!"

I was barely able to get out "Good luck" before she was gone. I prayed that she would make the meeting on time since I knew her superiors were watching her closely with this account.

I tried to busy myself with work, but my mind kept drifting to Jackson. It was a five-hour flight to L.A. so he was still in the air, but I couldn't help wondering how he was feeling. I was hoping he wasn't too nervous. No matter what my reservations were about what the distance would do to us, I fiercely hoped that Jackson got the part. I wanted him to be happy, even if it meant that my happiness was dimmed.

It was almost one o'clock and I was discussing lunch options with Celeste when Janet returned. She had an unreadable look on her face as she approached me and I couldn't tell if the meeting had been a success.

"Emma, come into my office."

Her tone was odd and I tensed, hoping nothing had gone wrong. Celeste raised her eyebrows at me, clearly hearing Janet's odd tone as well.

I followed Janet into her office, closing the door behind me and sitting down. We usually kept the office door open but I had a feeling that Janet wanted it closed today.

She sat down heavily in her chair and propped her elbows on her desk, folding her hands in front of her.

"Emma, when I opened the presentation, none of the changes had been made."

I froze, looking at her disbelievingly. I had checked the presentation over and over again, making sure every detail had been perfect. I couldn't accept what Janet was telling me now.

"There has to be some mistake," I said, shaking my head. "Janet, I checked and rechecked the presentation. I know I made all the changes."

Janet sighed heavily, looking more disappointed than angry. Her disappointment in me hurt more than anything else.

"The meeting was a disaster. The points I was making didn't match up to the presentation. I didn't realize the changes hadn't been made until I was a third into the presentation. Those last minute revisions were because Canonfield made some changes in the direction they were going with their new products. Now it looks like Mass Comm didn't listen."

I clenched my hands into fists on my lap, not knowing what to say or do. It felt insufficient to keep protesting that I had made the changes. Worse, it sounded like I was calling Janet a liar.

"I don't know what to say, Janet. I could have sworn I made all the changes."

Janet leaned back in her chair, looking tired and worn out. I remembered that a failed presentation wasn't the only thing on her mind.

"I can't tell you how disappointed I am, Emma. I really trusted you. You were doing so well and I really thought this was the right place for you."

I could feel my eyes filling with tears and I desperately tried to keep them at bay. The last thing I needed was to humiliate myself by bawling.

"I wish I didn't have to do this, but I have no choice. I have to let you go."

I nodded jerkily, shocked by her words. I took a deep breath, willing my tears to subside. I spoke when I was in control of my emotions again.

"Will you be okay? I mean, did you lose Canonfield as a client?"

Janet looked pained by my question. "I'm not sure yet. I have to wait to hear back from them."

"I guess...I guess I'll leave now," I stuttered, rising unsteadily from the chair.

Janet nodded, massaging the furrow of her brow. "That's a good idea. You can collect your things and H.R. will be in touch with you about the termination process."

I walked to the door and opened it but before I stepped out, I turned around. "Is your mother okay?"

Janet looked at me silently before answering. I had no idea what was going through her mind. I hoped she didn't think it was some last-ditch attempt to try to wheedle a way to keep my job. I knew that was impossible. I just understood how painful it was to have a parent in the hospital. How quickly you could lose them.

"She's doing better, thanks. They're monitoring her heart and think she'll be able to go home soon."

I nodded and left, closing the door behind me. I went to my desk, moving on autopilot as I retrieved my purse from my desk. I stuffed the picture of Jackson and me in my purse as well as a mug Jackson had given me with a picture of the Imagine memorial on it. I desperately wished that I could talk to Jackson now, but he was in an airplane heading towards his dreams.

"What's wrong?" Celeste whispered, as if she were afraid Janet would hear even though her door was closed. There was nothing left for me to take so I walked over to Celeste, determined not to cry.

"I got fired."

"What?!" shrieked Celeste, then lowered her voice quickly. "Why did you get fired?"

I shook my head. "I can't really talk about it now, Celeste. I have to leave. You have my email address. I hope we keep in touch."

Celeste gave me a fierce hug, looking confused and sad. I rode down the elevator for the last time and trudged home, not wanting to be in a crowded subway. The beautiful sunny day seemed like a slap in the face. I wanted it to be dark and stormy, just like my emotions.

After the long walk, I looked up and realized I was in front of Jackson's apartment building. I had come here automatically, wanting to feel close to him. There was no better place than his apartment where we spent so much time together.

"Hi, Sam," I said dully as I passed by him.

"Emma," he said smiling but then frowned as he got a closer look. "Is everything okay?"

"Yeah, I'm just tired."

I rode to the sixteenth floor as I stared at my reflection in the elevator doors. My face looked ashen and my eyes lifeless. I was still in a state of shock over what had happened.

I opened the front door with the key Jackson had given me a month into our relationship. I dropped my purse on the floor and walked to the bedroom, getting under the covers fully clothed. I was shivering even though it was warm in the apartment.

I kept replaying the scene in Janet's office over and over again. I was bitter that I hadn't defended myself more, but I hadn't known what to say. I should have insisted that she open up the file that I emailed her to show her the changes had been made.

But it was pointless to beat myself up over what I could've or should've done. It was over and I had to accept what had happened. I dragged myself out of bed to get my phone from my purse to see if Jackson had texted me.

Just landed. It's sunny and beautiful here but I'm missing you. Call you tonight. Love you.

I breathed in deeply as I stared at Jackson's words. I wondered if I was going to lose him too. I shook my head, my self-pity annoying me. I should feel lucky that I had someone so wonderful in my life, not wasting time worrying about the what-ifs. I could handle anything as long as I still had Jackson.

I texted him back quickly, trying to infuse my words with enthusiasm.

Happy to hear that! I miss and love you too. Good luck!

I returned to the bedroom and laid my cell phone on the bedside table, crawling back into bed. Despite my earlier brave thoughts, the tears I had been holding in came rushing out as I wept bitterly. I couldn't understand how this had happened.

I fell into an exhausted sleep, my tears having worn me out. I woke up with a start and checked the time. I saw that it was past seven o'clock, surprised that I had been asleep for four hours. I checked my phone to make sure I hadn't missed a call from Jackson, feeling disappointed when I saw I hadn't. I reminded myself that Jackson was three hours behind and it was still the afternoon for him.

I dragged myself out of bed and heated a can of soup. I ruefully thought that I never lost my appetite, even when I was depressed.

I watched TV for the rest of the night, constantly checking my phone to make sure it was still working and I hadn't missed a call. But Jackson didn't call that night. I went to bed with a heavy heart and a worried mind, wondering what could have prevented him from calling.

Chapter Ten

I woke up to my cell phone ringing and I checked the time, bleary-eyed. I couldn't believe it was already nine o'clock as I scrambled for the phone. My heart leapt when I saw that it was Jackson.

"Hello?"

"Hi, sweetheart!" Jackson sounded happy.

"Hi, Jackson," I said, trying to sound normal. "How's L.A.?"

"It's great! I'm sorry I didn't call you last night, but I didn't get back to the hotel until late, even with the time difference, and I didn't want to disrupt your sleep. John Warner actually took me out to dinner along with a bunch of people from the movie. Can you believe it!?"

Jackson sounded so enthusiastic and excited; it just made me more depressed. But I tried to mask it.

"That's great! I assume that the audition went well then."

"I think so. I won't know for sure if I got the part for a while, but they want me to do some more readings with other potential cast members."

"I'm happy for you, Jackson. I'm sure you're going to impress them."

"Are you at work right now? You sound kind of funny."

I paused as my eyes filled with tears. I didn't want to bring Jackson down and I didn't want him to worry about me. He had to focus on what he was doing in L.A. There would be plenty of time for him to commiserate with me when he got back.

"I'm just feeling a little under the weather. I think I may be catching a cold. I called in sick today."

"Are you taking any medicine?" Jackson asked, sounding concerned. "Crap. Why did you have to get sick while I'm gone?"

"I'll be fine, Jackson," I said, forcing a laugh. "I think I can handle a bout with the common cold."

"Where are you right now?"

"At your apartment. I didn't want to get Claire sick since I'm probably contagious."

Jackson sighed heavily. "I'll try to get back as soon as possible. I can ask Mark if they can shift some meetings around so it's condensed into a couple of days."

"Don't you dare!" I exclaimed, feeling a true emotion finally break through the haze of depression I had been in. I was horrified at the thought that Jackson would risk his big break over something as trivial as a cold. Even if I had told him what happened and how depressed I was, there was no way I would let him risk his shot at breaking into the industry by making demands before he even got the role. "If you do that, I'll be really mad. I mean it. You said you were coming home Friday and if you come back earlier, I'll interrogate Mark to get the truth."

"Okay, okay," Jackson conceded. "I just hate the thought of you sick and alone."

I laughed, feeling some of my depression lift. I was right. Anything was bearable as long as I had Jackson. "You'd think I had some sort of terminal illness or something. I'll be fine, Jackson."

Jackson seemed to accept my answer and the rest of the call was filled with details about what Jackson had done the day before. Anytime he asked questions about work, I deflected it by asking him a question about L.A.

By the time I got off the phone, I was feeling better. I puttered around the computer, looking up John Warner's past movies and dreaming about what it would be like if Jackson got the role. I was debating what to do for dinner when I heard the apartment phone ring, the rhythm of the rings indicating that it was Sam at the front desk.

"Hello?"

"Hi, Emma. Mia Sorenson is here to see you."

"Send her up," I said, confused by Mia's arrival.

"Hey!" Mia said when I opened the door for her. "I've got a delivery for you." She held up a plastic bag and I could smell wafts of delicious food as my stomach grumbled in response. I let her in, still confused by how she had known I was here.

"Not that I'm not happy to see you, but how did you know I was here?"

Mia placed the bag of food on the kitchen counter and opened cupboards until she found plates. "Jackson called me. I can't believe he didn't tell us he was going to California to audition for the great John Warner. He said you were sick and needed food. He was babbling something about feeding a fever and starving a cold, but thinking it was a good idea to feed a cold anyway."

I wished Jackson were here right now so that I could hug him tightly. He never ceased to amaze me with how caring he was. He was in L.A. with probably a ton of things going on, but he took the time to make sure I was okay.

"Jackson is definitely a keeper," I said, watching Mia open cartons of food. "Where's the food from?"

"Gramercy Tavern. They don't usually accommodate takeout requests, but apparently they will for Jackson."

"Yup, definitely a keeper."

Mia paused from portioning out lamb chops and various sides onto two plates. "You don't mind if I join you, do you?"

I shook my head. "Actually, I would appreciate the company."

Mia nodded, but didn't say anything until we sat down at the kitchen table and started eating.

"Jackson said you had a cold, but it looks more like you've been crying."

"I got fired yesterday," I said with a sigh. "I didn't want to tell Jackson because the last thing he needs to worry about right now is a depressed girlfriend."

Mia's eyes widened in sympathy. "I'm sorry to hear that. But how the hell did you get fired? It sounded like you were almost running the place."

I smiled ruefully. "I don't know about that, but I thought I was doing well. I ended up messing up some big meeting and my boss lost her trust in me."

I still felt like crying talking about it so I concentrated on eating.

"How did you mess it up? Did it have something to do with the stuff you were working on in the Hamptons?"

I shrugged, not wanting to go into the details. "Yeah, but it's complicated. I'd rather not talk about it, if you don't mind. This food is too expensive to cry into."

"Of course. But I think it's a mistake to not tell Jackson. He'll be upset that you didn't tell him the truth when he gets back."

I knew Mia was right, but I was doing it for Jackson's own good. He could be angry with me later, after he got the part in the movie.

I was happy for Mia's company since she took my mind off my troubles. She seemed to know exactly what I needed, keeping the conversation light during dinner, and then she insisted on watching a cheesy Lifetime movie afterwards.

I gave her a hug before she left, grateful that she had come to check on me and even more grateful that I had a boyfriend who cared so deeply about me.

"Call me if you need to talk," Mia said. "I'm a night owl so I'm up all hours of the night."

"Thanks. And thanks so much for coming over and bringing food."

"No problem. Have a good night."

After I locked the door behind her, I settled back into the living room couch, mindlessly flicking through the channels. I grabbed my cell phone eagerly when it rang, seeing that it was Jackson.

"Hi!"

"Hi, sweetheart. It's good to hear your voice."

"You too. What did you do today?"

Jackson gave me a rundown of his day's activities, from reading with other actors to meeting with producers. I purposely didn't mention Mia's visit, grinning to myself at my planned joke.

"So," Jackson said casually. "Did you have any visitors today?"

"No, why?"

"I'm gonna kill Mia."

I burst out laughing at Jackson's disgruntled tone. I had been planning to take the joke further but my laughter made it impossible.

"She was here. That was so sweet of you, Jackson. Really."

"Playing tricks on me, I see," Jackson said but his voice was light. "I just wanted to make sure you were okay. Do you feel well enough to go to work tomorrow? You sound much better."

"Um, I'll see." If only he knew Mia's visit wasn't the only thing I had lied about.

"Well, I'm beat. I'll give you a call tomorrow night."

"Okay," I said, although I was loathe to end the conversation with him. "I love you."

"I love you too. I can't wait to see you soon."

When Jackson called Thursday night, I lied and said I had gone to work. He accepted it since he had no reason to doubt me. I started feeling a niggling sense of guilt because I was lying to him, but I kept reminding myself it was for his own good.

I was relieved when Friday rolled around, eagerly anticipating seeing Jackson even though I was nervous about telling him I had been fired.

Jackson's flight was due in at three in the afternoon so by the time he got home, it was four o'clock. He seemed happy but surprised when he walked in and saw me sitting on the living room couch.

"I thought you'd be at work," he said, lifting me into a hug and kissing me hungrily. Even though it had been less than a week, I had missed his touch desperately. He seemed to feel the same way as he pulled me closer, deepening the kiss. He lifted me as I wrapped my legs around his waist and carried me into the bedroom, laying me gently on the bed.

"I've missed this so much," he said, his eyes glittering. "I've missed you so much."

"I've missed you too," I whispered, pulling the bottom of his shirt up, wanting to feel the hard muscled planes of his chest. Jackson helped me by pulling his shirt over his head, and then reached down to do the same to mine. He unhooked my bra and leaned down, laving his tongue over my hard nipples, making me moan with pleasure.

Jackson tried to make love to me slowly, but we had been apart for too long and soon we were greedily grabbing at each other, quickening the pace until he was pounding into me, taking us both over the brink.

"It feels good to be back," Jackson said afterwards with a satisfied grin. He was laying on his back and I was nestled to his side.

"It feels good to have you back." I paused, knowing I needed to tell Jackson the truth sooner rather than later. "I have a confession to make."

Jackson pulled back slightly so that he could see me face. "What's that?"

"I didn't have a cold. I was just upset and didn't want you to know because I didn't want you to worry. I got fired."

Jackson sat up abruptly and I followed suit, wrapping the sheet around my naked body.

"Wait, what?"

"I got fired from Mass Comm. Something happened with that presentation I was working on. Somehow, the changes weren't saved, although I don't know how that's possible. I checked it over and over again to make sure it was right. But when Janet went through the presentation with the client, she ended up looking like a fool because everything was wrong."

"This happened on Tuesday?" Jackson asked, his expression thunderous. I nodded cautiously.

"Shit, Emma. You've been lying this entire time? I even asked you about work and you said everything was fine. I was babbling on and on about all the great things that were happening in L.A. while you were here depressed? How do you think that makes me feel?"

I bit my lip, not knowing what to say. "I'm sorry, Jackson. I just didn't want you worrying about me. You needed to concentrate on your audition, not about your girlfriend back home who got sacked."

Jackson's eyes darkened, his face taut with tension. "You lied to me, regardless of whether or not you apologize for it afterwards."

I hadn't expected Jackson to react so fiercely. Yes, I had lied to him, but it wasn't that big of a lie. And I had done it for his own good.

"I don't know what else to say except I'm sorry, Jackson. I thought I was helping you."

Jackson sighed, rubbing his forehead with his hand, and then pulled me close, kissing my forehead. "I know I'm overreacting. It just makes me crazy that you lied to me. It makes me even crazier to think that you were here feeling sad while I was having a great time in L.A. I should be consoling you instead of yelling at you right now."

I snuggled closer to him, grateful that his anger had passed. "It's okay. And you're right. I lied, regardless of why I did it. But you deserved to have a good time in L.A. My getting fired didn't negate that."

"How are you feeling? You must have been shocked."

"I was when it first happened, but I'm starting to get used to the idea. I'm sure I'll find something else."

Jackson tipped my chin up so I was looking into his eyes. "That's my girl. You're brilliant. There's no way you won't find another job." His expression became fierce, his eyes piercing me. "Please don't ever lie to me again, Emma. I can't handle not knowing the truth, especially when it has to do with you. I want all of you, and I can't have that if you're not honest with me."

"I promise," I said solemnly, regretting ever having lied to him. "I'll never lie to you again."

Jackson kissed me softly and I melted into him. When he pulled back, there was a dawning realization in his eyes and he started grinning like a madman.

"What are you so happy about?" I asked, looking at him askance.

"I know it was a crappy way to happen, but it actually works out perfectly." Jackson took a deep breath before continuing. "Before I left today, I got an official offer for the movie. But not as a supporting actor. John Warner is casting me as the lead."

I lurched upright, my eyes widening. "Oh my God!" I screeched, feeling like I was about to explode with happiness and pride. "I can't believe it! Oh my God!!"

I tackled Jackson into a hug and he burst out laughing, our joy mingling together. I pulled back, catching my breath. "This is amazing. I mean, I feel like bouncing off the walls right now. How can you be so calm?"

"I've had a plane ride to get used to it."

I smacked Jackson on the shoulder. "You should have called and told me!"

"I wanted to tell you in person because I thought we had a lot of stuff to figure out. But now it's working out perfectly. I know how painful it was to lose your job and I'm sorry about that. But now you have nothing holding you to New York. You can come to California with me."

Jackson was beaming at me as his words sunk in. Things were changing rapidly and I was trying to keep up. I hadn't even considered going to California before but now there was nothing stopping me. I was nervous about it and a little apprehensive, but I knew that no matter what, I wanted to be with Jackson. And if Jackson was in California, I would be there too.

"I guess I could be convinced to subject myself to sunny days and endless beaches," I said wryly.

Jackson grabbed me and buried his face in my hair, seeming relieved. "I was so worried the whole plane ride about what we would do. I don't think I could handle being apart from you for so long with only a measly weekend here and there."

He lifted his head, his eyes shimmering with emotion. "Now we'll have a life together in California. You and me, Emma. It'll always be you and me."

We spent the night excitedly planning our move to L.A. Although we weren't moving there permanently, Jackson wanted to rent an apartment since we would be there for so long. He was planning on keeping his apartment in New York since he owned it, with the possibility of renting it out although he wasn't too keen on the idea. We had to move fast with our decisions because they were expecting Jackson to be back in L.A. in a week. Pre-production was already complete and they were itching to start shooting, even though Jackson had just been given the script.

The following week was a whirlwind of activity as we prepared for the move. Claire had been stunned when I told her I was moving out, and I apologized profusely for the short notice and promised to pay rent until she found a new roommate. She had waved the offer aside, saying that she was thinking of just living by herself. She had been even more surprised when I told her the news about Jackson's movie offer.

Nathan and Mia were ecstatic, promising to visit us as soon as possible. My mother was less enthused. Not only did I have to tell her that I was moving to California, but that I was doing so with a boyfriend that I had never mentioned. I had hoped that she would be excited when I told her I was dating a soon-to-be movie star since she always poured through celebrity magazines, but she had just sniffed and said things could still fall through last minute.

All these things paled in comparison to an unexpected call I received from Sean on Thursday night. I was shocked to see his number come up on my Caller I.D. I had erased his contact information from my phone, but ten years was long enough to know his number by heart.

"It's Sean," I said to Jackson. We had been sitting on the couch watching TV when he called. Jackson's mouth tightened at my announcement.

"Why would he be calling you?"

"I don't know. I haven't talked to him since I left Maryland. Are you okay if I answer it?" I didn't want to answer it, but I found it hard to ignore Sean. He had been a part of my life for so long and I was the one who had hurt him.

Jackson nodded shortly, looking unhappy.

"Hello?" I said cautiously, answering the phone right before it went to voicemail.

"Emma, is that you?" It was a shock to hear Sean's voice after all these months, but I was even more surprised that his words were slurred. Sean had never been a big drinker, but he definitely sounded drunk now.

"Yes, Sean. It's me."

"I've been thinking about you, Emma."

"Sean, why are you calling me?"

"I'm calling you because you're supposed to be my wife. We're supposed to be married now. Didn't you know?"

My throat tightened and I felt sick to my stomach. The fact that his words were slurred didn't lessen their impact.

"Sean, how much have you had to drink? Where are you right now?"

"I'm where we used to go parking. Remember, Emma? Remember when we used to park by that big oak tree and you told me you would love me forever? I didn't know forever would be over so quick."

I felt physical pain at his words. As much as I wanted to protest, I couldn't. I had said those words to him. Even though they were the foolish words of a teenager, I had known even then that I hadn't meant them. Yet I had made Sean believe them.

"Sean, you're in no condition to drive. I'm going to call Trisha and get her to give you a ride home. Hold on."

I looked at Jackson, whose jaw looked like it was made out of granite. I covered the mouthpiece of my cell phone so Sean couldn't hear me. "Can I use your phone? Sean is drunk and I'm afraid he'll try to drive."

Jackson handed me his cell phone wordlessly and I dialed Trisha's number. Trisha had been my best friend since middle school, but she had taken sides after I had broken my engagement. And the side she had chosen wasn't mine. It had hurt badly when she abandoned me and we hadn't spoken since, but I didn't know who else to turn to.

"Hello?"

"Trisha? It's Emma. I need your help."

"Why do you think I would help you?" she replied, her tone considerably frostier than when she had answered the phone, not knowing it was me.

"It's not for me. It's for Sean. He called me drunk and I think he's on Troyer Way, by the big oak tree. Can you go pick him up and take him to his mother's house? I'm afraid he's going to try to drive and kill himself or someone else."

She sighed heavily and I was afraid that she would refuse. "Fine. But I'm not doing this for you. I'm doing this for Sean. I'm leaving now."

Trisha hung up abruptly and I put my cell phone back to my ear. "Sean, are you still there?"

"I've always been here. The question is, where are you?"

"Trisha is on her way to pick you up. Just stay put, okay? You shouldn't be driving right now."

Sean started talking, but I couldn't understand what he was saying because his speech became garbled. But I didn't want to hang up on him in case he tried to start driving. I looked at Jackson apologetically, but I didn't say anything. The last thing I needed was for Sean to hear another man's voice and go off the deep end. Jackson didn't say anything either, watching me with unreadable eyes. I was dreading the conversation we would have after I got off the phone.

Merrittsville was a small town and I heard Trisha's voice in the background after about ten minutes, although it felt like hours with Jackson staring at me. Sean had been talking nonsense while we waited, so I was saved from having to say much in response.

"I'm here," Trisha said abruptly into the phone. Then the line went dead.

"I'm sorry about that," I said after taking a deep breath. "I was just afraid that he would try to drive drunk."

"I'm not going to lie, Emma. Seeing you talk to the man you used to be engaged to doesn't make me feel good. In fact, it makes me feel pretty shitty."

I moved closer to him, taking his hand in mine. "I know, Jackson. I would feel the same way if the roles were reversed. But I didn't know what else to do."

Jackson sighed, pulling me close and wrapping an arm around me. "I don't want to sound like a crazy jealous boyfriend. But right now, I feel like a crazy jealous boyfriend."

"He just called me because he was drunk. I'll probably never hear from him again."

Jackson nodded but he still looked tense. I pulled his head down, kissing him thoroughly and pouring all my love into the kiss.

"You know I love you, Jackson. There's no one else for me."

I felt the tension leave Jackson's body. "I love you so much, sweetheart."

We showed each other how much we loved each other with our bodies, my body reassuring Jackson in a way my words couldn't.

Friday was full of frenetic energy since we were flying out Sunday because Jackson had to be on set the following Monday to do read-throughs. Fortunately, I had organized every facet of the move since I had no job to occupy my time, so when Saturday morning rolled around, we had nothing to do except relax and anticipate our flight the next day. We decided to spend our last day in New York having a picnic in Central Park, just like we had when we first started dating.

"When do you think we'll be back here?" I asked, gazing at the perfectly blue sky. I was lying down with my head in Jackson's lap, his hand slowly stroking my hair and making me feel utterly relaxed.

"It could be a while," Jackson replied. "I'm hoping that this movie is the start of bigger and better things to come. I just hope I don't mess it up. They're taking a big risk with casting an unknown in the lead part. An unknown without much experience."

It was odd to hear Jackson's doubts about himself since he was usually so confident. I grasped his hand that was stroking my hair and turned my head towards it, gently kissing his palm. "You're going to be amazing, Jackson. I have no doubt about that."

"What if I'm not?"

I looked up at Jackson who was watching me, his green eyes serious. "What if I'm not and we're moving to California for no reason? What if I never succeed as an actor? I could handle that, but I couldn't handle you being disappointed in me."

I gazed at Jackson's worried face, knowing that a large part of his anxiety was the fear that I wouldn't be happy in California.

"Who cares? Maybe you'll end up bagging groceries at the local supermarket and I'll flip burgers at some diner. It doesn't matter. I'll be happy as long as we're together." I smiled, trying to lighten the mood. "Actually, you should be the one flipping burgers. I'd probably make a mess."

Jackson sighed, not smiling at my joke. "I'm not used to feeling this anxious about anything. I've always just gone for what I wanted with no reservations and no regrets. It's different now because I have your happiness to worry about."

I sat up, wanting to put a stop to Jackson's anxiety. "Jackson, there's nothing to worry about. As long as you're happy, I'm happy. This is the start of something really great for us. Let's not question it. Let's just enjoy it, wherever it takes us."

Jackson nodded, his face clearing. "You're right. I'm just over-thinking things."

We spent the rest of the afternoon not thinking about anything except enjoying the beautiful day. We stopped by the John Lennon memorial before we left and I thought about how much my life had changed since the first time I had stood there. Jackson and I were in love, he was on the cusp of breaking into the movie industry and we were moving to California. One thing that hadn't changed was the strong presence of my father. I could feel him next to me, proud and approving of the steps I was taking in my life.

We were in the middle of making dinner back at the apartment when my cell phone rang. I walked to the living room to grab my phone from the coffee table to answer it, but I hesitated when I saw that it was my mother. I wanted to let it go to voicemail because the last thing I wanted was to listen to her recriminations again, her absolute certainty that I was messing up my life. But I forced myself to answer it.

"Hi, Mom."

"Emma." I tensed at her tone. It sounded like she was trying to hold back tears.

"Mom, what's wrong?"

"Oh my God, Emma. It's Sean. He's in the hospital. He tried to kill himself."

I staggered to the couch, sitting down as I felt shock coursing through my body.

"What are you talking about? What did he do? Is he okay?"

"He drove straight into a tree. He's lucky to still be alive. I...I don't think he'll be able to walk again."

I felt myself starting to tremble as my mind reeled at what my mother was telling me. Sean, the person who had held me while I had wept bitterly for my father, staying at the hospital and refusing to leave me, the person who had been by my side for ten years, always gentle and always encouraging, had tried to commit suicide. My heart felt like it was literally shattering into pieces.

"How do you know he tried to kill himself? He called me the other night drunk. Maybe it was an accident."

"Emma, it wasn't an accident. There was no alcohol in his system. He just drove straight into the tree with no attempt to swerve. Plenty of witnesses saw it. It was out by Troyer Way."

Tears were streaming down my face and I cried out in pain from my mother's words. I had no doubt that the tree Sean had crashed into was the one where I had told him I would love him forever. I was shuddering with horror and regret when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I looked up to find Jackson watching me with a concerned look. I just shook my head, not knowing what to say. He crouched before me and held my hand, not saying a word.

"Emma, I think you need to come down here. He's asking for you. He keeps saying your name over and over again."

"Mom, let me call you back. I need to talk to Jackson."

My mother made a sound of frustration. "Emma, this is the boy that you were in love with since you were fifteen. You've known Jackson for about a minute. Get your priorities in order."

"Mom, please," I said, trying to reign in my impatience. I knew she was just upset. Sean had been a constant fixture in my life since high school and she had loved him as if he were her own son. Especially since she had expected him to become just that once we married. "I'll call you back once I figure out what I'm doing."

I stared silently at Jackson after I ended the call. I didn't want to say the words out loud, didn't want to admit that Sean had tried to end his life. When Jackson reached up to wipe my tears away, I lost it and started sobbing uncontrollably. Jackson sat down on the couch next to me and wrapped his arms around me, rocking me until my body stopped shaking.

"Sweetheart, tell me," he said softly when I had calmed down.

"It's Sean. He tried to kill himself by driving into a tree. They don't know if he'll be able to walk again."

Jackson exhaled deeply, tightening his arms around me. "It's not your fault."

Jackson knew exactly what I was feeling but he was wrong. It was my fault. I had been happily spinning a new life for myself, complete with a new boyfriend, while Sean was still reeling from our breakup. I had left him to come to terms of my betrayal on his own while I acted as if I didn't have a care in the world. My worst transgression hadn't been leaving him. It had been my lie that I never would.

"Jackson, I need to go see him."

"I was afraid you were going to say that," he said with a heavy sigh. I pulled back slightly so that I could look Jackson in the eyes.

"I know this is the worst time for this to happen, but I'll never forgive myself if I don't go see him." I didn't add that Sean had been asking for me. I didn't want to fuel the flames.

Jackson nodded reluctantly. "As much as I don't like it, I understand."

"Thank you," I said, relieved that Jackson wasn't going to fight me on this. I should have known that he would be understanding. "I'll join you in California as soon as I can. It'll probably just be a couple of days."

Jackson's mouth thinned as he looked at me. "I'm going with you."

"Jackson, you can't! You have to be in L.A. tomorrow. You can't risk being late. They already have your schedule set."

Jackson shook his head stubbornly. "They'll just have to push it back. There's no way you're going to Maryland by yourself." His face gentled as he caressed my cheek. "And it's not just because you're going to see Sean, although I have to admit I'm not crazy about the idea. I don't want you going through this by yourself. It's going to be painful."

I took a deep breath as I thought about how to approach this. I wasn't going to let Jackson risk his big break because of me and I had a feeling guilt was the answer.

"Jackson, I appreciate that you want to come with me. I really do. And normally I would be grateful for the offer, but don't do this to me. Don't put the burden of you potentially losing this role on me. You can't start demanding that they push back your schedule before you've even started." I held up my hand when Jackson opened his mouth to speak, stopping him. "This is hard enough for me as it is. If you come with me, I'll just be stressed out about whether or not they'll fire you. I don't think I can handle one more thing right now."

Jackson frowned but he seemed to be considering my words. "I still don't feel right about this. I should be there to comfort you, to make sure you're okay."

"You will be, by going on ahead to L.A. It'll be a huge comfort to know that you're there, starting to work. It'll give me something to look forward to. Please."

I knew I had won when Jackson's shoulders slumped. I felt bad about using guilt as a tactic, but everything I had said was true. I could never forgive myself if I was the one to wreck Jackson's first big role.

I was able to find a flight to Maryland leaving that night, so I rushed to the airport in a cab along with Jackson since he insisted on dropping me off.

"Call me when you get there," Jackson said as we stood by the security checkpoint.

"I will. I'm so sorry about all of this. I'll try to make it to L.A. as soon as possible."

Jackson held me tight as he kissed me and I forgot we were in an airport as I wrapped my arms around his neck. He kissed me fiercely, as if he were trying to leave his mark on me. I kissed him back wholeheartedly, my blood heating as desire coursed through me, even with everything happening.

"I love you, Emma," he whispered when we broke apart. "Don't forget that."

"I could never forget that. I love you too. I'll call you later."

I gave Jackson a half-hearted wave as I went through security. The last sight I had of Jackson before I disappeared past the barricades was of him standing by the security ropes, looking worried and anxious.

Chapter Eleven

The next day was torture. I had arrived too late to visit Sean at the hospital after my flight landed but I went there first thing in the morning on Sunday. My mother declined joining me, saying that she couldn't look at Sean without sobbing. The fact that Sean was in the same hospital as my father, the hospital where he had passed away, made everything so much worse.

I hesitantly opened the door to Sean's room, steeling myself for whatever I would find behind it. I tried to hide my reaction when I walked in. Sean was lying on the bed, but he didn't look like the Sean I remembered. Sean had been vibrant and healthy, full of good cheer and humor. The Sean that was lying in the hospital bed was ashen and lifeless, his sandy brown hair a stark contrast to his pale complexion. There were bandages on his arms and scrapes along his face, and I made an effort not to look at his still legs that were beneath the hospital blanket. He was connected to several machines that beeped ominously and his blue eyes looked listless, but I couldn't help but notice that they brightened when he saw me.

"What the hell are you doing here?" I hadn't noticed Sean's mother sitting in a chair against the wall, but she stood when she saw me, trembling with anger.

"Mrs. Somers. I'm sorry to be intruding. But I...I heard what happened and I wanted to see Sean."

Mrs. Somers stalked towards me, her fists clenched and her eyes flashing with anger. I wondered if she was going to physically strike me. I felt sadness that this woman whom I had been closer to than my own mother now hated me. But I didn't blame her. Especially now.

"Get out of here, you bitch! This is your fault. How dare you come in here like you haven't done anything wrong!"

"Mom, stop!"

We both turned to Sean when he spoke, his voice sounding thready and weak.

"Mom, can you leave us alone? I want to talk to Emma by myself."

"Sean-" his mother protested but he put up his hand.

"Mom, please. I'm not made of glass. I'm not going to break." Sean's mouth turned down at the corners when he considered his words, but then continued. "You're exhausted. Why don't you go get a cup of coffee or something? I'll be fine."

Mrs. Somers looked unhappy but she nodded, glaring at me on her way out. I sat down in the chair next to the bed, my hands clenched in nervousness.

"This isn't how I imagined we'd meet again," Sean said. I saw a glimmer of the old Sean with his self-deprecating smile.

"Me neither," I said with a weak smile. "Sean, I'm so sorry about everything. I know this is my fault-"

"Stop, Emma," Sean said with a frown. "Everyone seems to be saying it's their fault. But it's not true. It's my fault."

I let out the breath I had been holding. "Are you saying that what you did had nothing to do with me leaving you?"

Sean looked at me, his blue eyes sad. "I can't lie and say that it didn't, even if it would save you some pain. I haven't been the same since you left. But that's my fault. I haven't been coping well."

"I know I handled everything badly. I shouldn't have waited until the last minute. I should have told you sooner. I was just too scared and cowardly."

"Did you ever love me, Emma?" Sean looked so vulnerable that my heart ached.

"I did, Sean. But I loved you more like a friend. I still care about you. I always will. You were my best friend for ten years. It hurts me to think that you would..." I trailed off, not being able to finish the sentence.

Sean looked away from me bleakly, staring into space. "I've become someone I don't recognize. Everything just seems so hard now. I don't know how to be happy anymore, and that's worse than feeling pain. At least with pain, I still feel like I'm alive. The absence of happiness...it makes me feel empty. The emptiness is harder to bear than anything else."

Tears were running down my face and I wrapped my arms around my waist, feeling sick from Sean's words. The glimpse of the old Sean I had seen earlier was gone. He was wooden and lifeless again.

"Sean, you can be happy again. I wasn't good for you. I was too selfish, only thinking about myself. You deserve better than that."

Sean turned to me, looking sad. "But what if I don't want better?"

The door opened and Mrs. Somers came back in, her face grim as she watched the scene before her.

"I think you've been here long enough. Sean needs to rest."

I nodded as I stood, but I was stopped by Sean's hand grabbing my wrist, his grip surprisingly strong even in his weakened state.

"Will you visit me again? I have a feeling I'm going to be in here for a while." Sean's eyes were looking at me plaintively and I couldn't refuse.

"Sure. I'm going to be in town for a few days so I'll stop by again."

Sean didn't loosen his grip. "Tomorrow. Please come tomorrow."

I nodded and Sean released me, leaning back against his pillow and looking exhausted. Mrs. Somers followed me out of the hospital room, cornering me in the hallway.

"If it wasn't for Sean, I would make sure you were banned from visiting him again. You've ruined his life. Did you know he quit his job? He was barely able to function after you left him, so he's living with me now. He had so much potential, so much hope." Her eyes darkened, pinning me in place. "Don't you dare do anything to upset him. Even with all the crap you've put him through, he still has you on a damn pedestal."

"I'm sorry, Mrs. Somers," I said, not knowing how else to reply to her scathing words. I was heartbroken by the revelation that Sean had quit his job. "Is he going to be okay? My mother told me there's a chance that he won't walk again."

She shook her head, the fierceness leaving her eyes as they dulled with pain. "The doctors aren't sure. There are significant spinal injuries and it's too soon to tell." Her eyes were intense again as she glared at me. "Don't say anything to Sean about his legs. He doesn't know that he might not be able to walk again. He just thinks that the numbness is temporary, and that he'll be able to feel his legs again. It's too much for him right now to know that he might be stuck in a wheelchair for the rest of his life."

I nodded, even though I didn't agree with keeping it from Sean, but I was in no position to judge.

I went home and spent most of the afternoon sitting in front of the TV although I barely paid attention to it. My mother was keeping her distance, seemingly unable to deal with all the emotional turmoil. Ever since my father died, she had done everything she could to avoid messy emotions.

I had to wait for Jackson to call me since he was flying into L.A. today. We had only spoken briefly the night before because I had been exhausted from the flight and the stress of everything that had happened. I eagerly answered the phone when it rang and I saw his name flash across the screen.

"Emma! How are you doing?" There was so much concern in Jackson's voice. I desperately wished I was with him right now.

"I'm okay. I went to visit Sean today. He's in pretty bad shape."

"I'm sorry to hear that. Do you know when you're coming out here?"

"I'm not sure, Jackson. It's going to be a couple of days. I just want to make sure Sean's okay before I leave. Emotionally, at least. The last thing I want is for him to try something like this again."

Jackson sighed, but didn't say anything. I tried to change the subject.

"How was your flight? Are you excited about tomorrow?"

"I just landed and I'm on my way to the apartment."

"I'm so disappointed I won't get to see it with you," I replied glumly. We had only seen online pictures of our rental apartment and it depressed me that I wouldn't be there with Jackson to see it for the first time.

"Just stay on the phone with me, sweetheart. We can still be together when I go into the apartment, even if you're on the phone."

I agreed eagerly and I laughed for the first time today when he took pictures from his phone and sent them to me, sticking his head into some of them. He moved from room to room, making comments about what he saw. We were both loathe to hang up, so we ended up spending hours on the phone. I listened to him order a sandwich when he ran out to a nearby deli and he waited while I heated up some leftover chili my mom had made. We ate together, talking about all the different things we were going to do when I first got to L.A. We even watched TV together, although we couldn't match up the shows because of the time difference. Instead, we took turns describing what we were watching.

After six hours, we were both exhausted and agreed that it was time to hang up.

"I'll call you tomorrow, sweetheart. Try to get some sleep. I love you."

"I love you too, Jackson."

I lay in bed for a while before I was able to fall asleep, feeling a sense of emptiness because Jackson wasn't next to me.

The next few days fell into a pattern. I would visit Sean in the hospital and then mope around the house until Jackson called. The calls came later and later as Jackson became busier, the time difference not helping. I knew he was growing more and more agitated when I kept pushing off my departure date. Sean's last words at the end of every visit was a plea for me to come back the next day, and I found it hard to say no to him.

Jackson reached his breaking point on Thursday.

"What's going on, Emma? You've been there for five days. How much more time do you need?" His voice was straining with impatience. I knew I was being unfair by dragging this out, but I didn't have the heart to refuse Sean's daily request to visit him again.

"Tomorrow," I said after a deep breath. "Tomorrow will be the last day I visit Sean. I'll look into flights leaving Saturday for L.A."

"Thank God," Jackson said, sounding relieved. "I know you're trying to help Sean, but you're not obligated anymore. He has to get used to you not being in his life." His voice lowered, sounding hoarse. "I need you with me, Emma."

"I need to be with you too. I'll let you know about my flight tomorrow."

I woke up to a beautiful Friday morning, the sun shining through the window of my old bedroom that my mother had kept exactly the same. It had been hard to look at the pictures still tacked up on the bulletin board above my desk. There were so many of Sean and me, as well as Trisha. It reminded me that there had been plenty of happy moments in my past. I seemed to have forgotten that in the rush to escape my old life.

When I got to the hospital, Mrs. Somers met me in the hallway outside Sean's room. She was still distrustful, but she had been tolerating my presence since Sean was so insistent that I visit him every day. She looked shaken when she stopped me from going into his room.

"He knows about his legs. Some stupid nurse let it slip and he's going crazy."

I grimaced, even though I thought it was a mistake to keep the condition of his legs from Sean. That didn't mean I wanted to witness what the realization would do to him.

"Be careful," Mrs. Somers warned. "He's not himself."

I pushed the door open slowly and Sean whipped his head towards me. He laughed harshly when he saw the cautious look on my face.

"Here to visit the cripple?" Sean's voice was snide, a tone I had never heard from him before, even when I had called off our wedding. He waved towards his legs, looking at them distastefully. "I'm sure you know that these things are useless. Everyone seems to know except me."

"Sean," I said softly, approaching him slowly. He was like a wild animal that I didn't want to startle. "We didn't tell you because we wanted to protect you. And there's a chance that you can walk again."

Sean's mouth twisted in a sneer. "You wanted to protect me? That's funny. You were the one to rip my fucking heart out."

I breathed deeply, willing myself not to cry. The last thing Sean needed was for me to start blubbering. "I deserve that. But it's true. Your mother is so worried about you."

"Where's my fucking father?"

I didn't know how to answer that. Mrs. Somers had contacted Sean's father with the news, but he had simply said to keep him updated on Sean's condition. Apparently, he was too busy with his new wife and kids to give a damn.

"I don't know, Sean, but your mother has been here night and day. I know you're angry right now, but please don't give up on the chance that you'll walk again. If anyone has the determination to get what he wants, it's you."

The anger drained from Sean's face and he leaned against the pillow, looking exhausted. "But what I wanted was you," he whispered, closing his eyes. "I've known that since the first moment I first saw you in Biology class and you refused to dissect the frog on principle. I thought you wanted me too."

I sat down on the chair beside the bed and bowed my head, tears streaming down my face unchecked. I remembered that moment as clearly as if it had happened yesterday. I had been arguing with Mr. Steiner, the biology teacher, about the ethics of dissecting a frog. Sean had joined in the argument, taking my defense, and I had been in awe of this cute boy with sandy brown hair and sparkling blue eyes taking up my cause.

That boy was now a broken man, and I had been the one to break him.

I sat there for a while, both of us silent. I wasn't sure if he had fallen asleep, but when I got up to leave, he opened his eyes.

"Will you come back tomorrow?"

I hesitated, not knowing how I could tell him that I was leaving. Especially now that he knew about his legs.

"Sean," I started slowly. "I think it's time-"

Sean grabbed my hand, startling me. I saw desperation on his face and felt it in his grip. "Emma, please don't leave me. I can't do this on my own. I need you, if only for a little bit longer. I don't know what I'll do if you leave me now."

I couldn't tell him I wasn't coming back. Those pleading eyes had cared for me for so long, those hands had soothed me so often that I nodded before I even realized it.

"Okay, Sean, okay. I'll be back tomorrow."

Sean slumped back in relief and his eyes fluttered closed again. I stood there for a while as a realization came over me. I didn't have it in me to leave Sean while he was in this state. I didn't know what Jackson's reaction would be when I asked him for more time, but I steeled myself against the confrontation. Despite our history, despite the fact that we hadn't spoken for months except for one drunken phone call, Sean had been my best friend for most of my life. I owed it to him.

When Jackson called me later that night, I was tense for the fight I knew we were about to have.

"Hi, sweetheart!"

"Hi, Jackson."

"What time are you flying out tomorrow? There's this great Italian restaurant that I think you'll love. I was thinking that could be our first dinner here together."

I struggled to find the right words to say, not realizing my silence was enough of an answer.

"You're not coming tomorrow, are you?" Jackson said, his voice dropping.

"Jackson," I pleaded. "Sean just found out that he might never walk again. He's crazy with despair and I can't leave him in this state."

"Can't or won't?" Jackson's voice was dangerously soft, as if he didn't trust himself to speak any louder or he would lose it.

"I wish I could leave! I miss you so much and I want to start our life together in L.A. But I can't do that knowing that Sean is here suffering so much, knowing that there's a chance that he could try and hurt himself again."

"What are you saying?"

"I just need some more time."

"How much time?" Jackson asked, his voice strained.

"That's the thing, I don't know," I answered quickly, trying to explain the situation. "The doctors don't know yet about his chances of walking again. Even with a good chance, it's going to take a lot of rehabilitation." I swallowed before I continued. The words I was about to say next hurt me as much as I knew they would hurt Jackson. "I think it's best if we put my moving out there on hold indefinitely. At least until I get a better handle on what's going to happen to Sean. I know it's a lot to ask, and I know you're upset, but I just can't leave now."

I held my breath as I waited for Jackson to respond, growing more and more tense as the silence continued. I was about to break the silence when Jackson spoke, his voice harsh and low.

"Don't do this, Emma. Don't fucking ruin us."

"I'm not doing this to ruin us," I said quickly. "I just can't abandon Sean now. He was part of my life for ten years and he needs me right now. Please try to understand."

"I understand. I understand that you're throwing away everything we have because you feel guilty. You feel guilty because you practically left him at the altar. You feel guilty because you pretended to be in love with him for all those years, when in reality, you could have fucking cared less. Now you're trying to make yourself feel better. This is about you, not Sean."

"Jackson, please," I said, trying to talk through my tears. "I love you. And you're right. I do feel guilty. I have to make it up to him."

"What about me?" Jackson rasped, his voice filled with pain. "What happens to me while you're making yourself feel better?"

"I love you, Jackson," I said desperately. "Please, just give me time."

"Time for what? Time for you to totally obliterate my heart? To crush me even more than I am now? Instead of hurting Sean, you've chosen to hurt me."

"Jackson," I sobbed. "Please. I love you. I'm not choosing Sean over you. He's just so weak right now."

I didn't know what else to say, my guilt not allowing me to let go of Sean, but my love for Jackson making my heart shatter.

"I need time to think, Emma. I need time to fucking think because I'm going crazy right now and all I want to do is yell and scream. I'll call you when I can talk to you without wanting to hurt you as much as you've hurt me."

The phone went dead and it slid from my numb hand. I clutched the diamond pendant on my neck, as if it was the only thing keeping me sane and grounded in a world gone crazy.

My mother wasn't home, so she didn't hear me sobbing until my body was weak from crying so violently. I felt as if my world was falling apart, and I had no one to blame but myself.

I used to believe that you're never given more than you can handle. This theory was put to the test on Saturday when I was awoken from a restless sleep by the ringing of my cell phone. I had dreamed constantly of Jackson, his face angry and full of pain. I grabbed my phone, hoping it was Jackson, but was bitterly disappointed when I saw it was a number I didn't recognize.

"Hello?"

"Emma, it's Mary. Get to the hospital as soon as possible. Sean tried to kill himself again last night."

Mrs. Somers words had me jumping out of bed, my heart beating frantically as I ran to the living room and grabbed my mother's car keys from the coffee table.

"How is that possible?" I exclaimed, the phone still to my ear as I grabbed my purse. "How could he try to kill himself in a hospital? Aren't they watching him?"

"He broke a plastic spoon and tried to slash his wrists with the sharp edge. Please, just hurry. He's not responding to anything I'm saying. He's not responding to anyone."

"I'm on my way."

I ran outside and slid into the driver's seat of my mother's car, my hand shaking as I turned the key in the ignition. I tried to calm myself on the short drive over, knowing that I must look crazy. I was still wearing the crumpled clothes from the day before that I had fallen asleep in, my hair wild and eyes frantic.

Mrs. Somers' eyes were red and puffy when I arrived at the hospital. She looked like she had the weight of the world on her shoulders. She surprised me by giving me a hug when she saw me, but I didn't question it as I hugged her back. It was a painful reminder of how close we had once been.

"I don't know what to do, Emma," she whispered. "He's barely talking. All he keeps saying is that he doesn't want to spend his life dependent on other people."

"Should I go see him? What if I make it worse?" I took a deep breath. "After all, this is my fault."

Mrs. Somers' shook her head. "I'm angry at you, Emma. So angry I could spit. What you did to Sean was inexcusable. But...I can't make you responsible for his life. He's the one making these choices."

Instead of helping me, Mrs. Somers' words pained me. Everyone was making excuses for me, even her. The mother of the man I had destroyed.

"I think you should go in and see him. Maybe you can get him talking."

I took a deep breath before stepping into the room. Sean's eyes followed me dully as I walked over to him, trying not to look at his bandaged wrists.

"Hi, Sean," I said quietly.

"I guess you heard." Sean limply lifted one wrist and then let it fall back on the bed. "I can't seem to do anything right."

"Sean, please. You don't want this. You have your whole life ahead of you. I know how incredibly angry you must be right now. You have every right to be. But please, not this. Don't do something that you'll regret. Don't do something that everyone who loves you will regret."

Sean turned to me, his eyes full of pain. "It's okay, Emma. You don't have to humor me anymore. I know you want to leave. I know that you're with someone else now. I was determined to get you back. But one stupid impulse when I was feeling hopeless made that impossible. And now I can't seem to stop making bad decisions. There's nothing I can offer you. You can go, Emma. It's okay."

Sean's words scared me more than if he had been insisting that I stay with him. He seemed completely hopeless now. Before I had seen a glimmer of hope in his eyes. Now it was extinguished.

"Sean, you have to promise me you won't try to hurt yourself again," I said urgently, panic rising in me as Sean just stared at me blankly. "Promise me."

"I promise, Emma."

With those three words, my fate was sealed. Sean and I had spent a decade together, sharing confidences and dreams, surviving the anguish of losing my father and the pain of Sean's father abandoning him. Despite everything that had happened, I knew Sean better than anyone else. And I knew he was lying.

I sat in his hospital room for the next hour, watching his mother try to talk to him while he answered her with one word replies. I was amazed at how calmly I could sit there while my world was falling apart. Last night, when I had been sobbing with misery, I had wondered if I had made a mistake. Maybe I was sacrificing my happiness, but more importantly Jackson's happiness, for a misplaced sense of obligation. I had been on the verge of deciding that it was too much to give up. That I would call Jackson today and apologize, tell him he was right, and get on the next plane to California.

All that had changed.

With a promise of visiting tomorrow, I left the hospital, but I didn't drive home. I drove to Troyer Way, a popular hangout for teenagers with a wide green expanse of grass where cars were often parked.

I parked my car by the road and got out, walking along a path. It was odd that no one was here now. This place was usually full of laughing teenagers on a Saturday afternoon. Maybe Sean's grisly accident was keeping them away. My mother told me that they had to shear the car in half to get Sean out.

My throat tightened as I walked up to a towering oak tree, the lush limbs swaying in the light breeze. You would have never known that someone had tried to kill himself with this tree, the trunk looking strong and unblemished.

I sat down next to it, leaning my back against the trunk as I looked up, catching glimpses of blue sky between the limbs. It looked like a halcyon day. I realized today was the first day of fall, my favorite season. When the air began to get crisp enough that you dug into the back of your closet for your favorite warm sweater, the leaves turning color so that everywhere you looked was a canvas of art. It was a season of change, to prepare you for the chill of winter so that you could experience the rebirth of spring.

I sat by the tree for a long time, contemplating my life and future. I had moved to New York to become the new Emma Mills, only to find that the old me refused to budge. I decided to accept that.

On the drive home, I thought about what I would say to Jackson. I wouldn't lie to him. I had promised before that I would never lie to him. As much as I loved him, I had to stay here in Merrittsville to make sure Sean was okay. It wasn't that I was choosing Sean over him. I was choosing to face my responsibility. I didn't expect Jackson to wait for me, especially since I couldn't promise when I would be ready to leave here. I couldn't think beyond that, because it was too painful to contemplate. To know that there was a chance I would lose Jackson forever almost made me forget about Sean, to ignore my responsibilities. But then I remembered the dull look of hopelessness in Sean's eyes.

Despite my decision, I was still a coward. Jackson had said he would call me when he was ready, and I wasn't prepared to disregard his wishes by calling him. I told myself that was the only reason I didn't call him, not because I wanted to postpone the inevitable conversation as much as possible.

When Jackson didn't call on Saturday, my mood went from bad to horrible. Maybe I wouldn't even need to have the conversation with Jackson. Maybe he had already given up on me.

Chapter Twelve

Sunday had the audacity to be another beautiful day. My visit with Sean was uneventful as he spent most of it silent, barely answering me. I spent the rest of the day at home, resentful that my mother was spending a lot of time out of the house because she wanted to avoid the tumultuous situation. I was also heartbroken that I hadn't heard from Jackson yet.

So when I answered the door, wondering who it could possibly be, I was shocked to find Jackson standing before me. He looked tired with dark circles under his eyes and his hair tousled as if he had been running his fingers through it. His complexion was pale and his face looked drawn. I had never seen a more beautiful sight in my life.

Jackson quirked his mouth as I continued to just stand there gaping at him, drinking in the sight of him.

"Are you going to let me in?"

"Of course!" I exclaimed, startled out of my reverie. I stepped back to let him in, uncertain of his mood or why he was here. "I'm just surprised to find you on my doorstep. This is a long way from California."

Jackson didn't say anything as he swooped down, gathering me in his arms and burying his face in my hair. I clutched at him, feeling relief and joy at being in his arms again, relishing the feel of his body against mine. I had been terrified that I would never see him again, let alone be held in his arms again.

Jackson pulled back after a few moments although he didn't release me from the circle of his arms. He looked down at me, a faint smile on his lips but his eyes were serious. "This has been about the worst three days of my life."

"Jackson-" I started, but nothing more was said as he claimed my lips with his, kissing me gently until urgency took over and we started kissing each other ravenously, the separation having been acute, building the pressure of our desire.

"Wait," I said breathlessly, breaking the kiss and pushing him back so that I could see his face. "We need to talk."

Jackson sighed. "Talking doesn't seem to solve anything."

"Please, Jackson. We need to discuss some things."

I led him to the living room and onto the couch, sitting down next to him. I was now grateful that my mother wasn't home. Even though the feel and taste of him had been intoxicating, it didn't change the circumstances of our situation.

"I can't tell you how happy I am to see you, but what made you decide to come all the way out here?"

"I wanted to talk to you in person. I can't see you on the phone. I can't hold you. I need to see for myself why you're insisting on staying here."

I sighed heavily. "I won't lie that I was having second thoughts about staying here." I held up my hand when I saw Jackson's eyes brighten, not wanting to give him false hope. "But my mind is made up. Sean tried to kill himself again. He doesn't think there's anything to live for because he doesn't think he'll ever walk again."

Jackson's eyes darkened at my admission, but he just nodded his head. "Even though I didn't know about Sean trying to kill himself again, I was pretty sure you weren't changing your mind." He took a deep breath before continuing. "That's why I've decided to stay here with you. We'll stay here until you feel comfortable enough to leave Sean. We'll figure out what to do afterwards when the time comes."

I shook my head, not understanding him. "What do you mean you're staying here? What about the movie?"

"I quit."

"What?!" I screeched, hoping against all hope that this was a dream and that I would be waking up soon. When all that happened was Jackson looking back at me with a satisfied smile, I felt my heart start to beat erratically. I was doing it again. I was ruining someone's life because they cared too much about me.

"I asked them if it was possible to push back the filming date, but I knew that they'd never agree to it, especially when I couldn't even tell them when I wanted to push it back to. So I thanked them for considering me and I quit. Even though I signed the contract, Mark doesn't think they'll pursue any legal action. It's more of a bother than it's worth."

I shook my head, horrified as I realized what Jackson had done. "Jackson, no! You can't do this! This was a chance of a lifetime! You can't just throw it all away for me."

"I'm not doing it for you. I'm doing it for us." Jackson caught me by the chin, looking at me intently. "I meant it when I said I would be happy as long as we're together, no matter what. If you need to be here, then I need to be here too."

"Jackson, I can't have you give this up for me. No matter what you say, you are giving this up for me. And I can't handle that kind of burden!"

"It's no burden, Emma. I'm doing it gladly. I love you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. The rest of my life doesn't start six months from now when you feel that Sean's ready to be on his own. It starts today."

I felt panic and fear clawing at my chest. I couldn't do this. Whether Jackson knew it or not, he would eventually start to resent me. He would wonder what his life could have been like if I hadn't ruined it with my obligation. And it was my obligation, not his.

"Please, Jackson. I'm begging you. Call them and say you made a mistake. That you had a moment of insanity. Anything!"

Jackson brushed my cheek with the back of his hand, the gentleness and love in his touch killing me. "Emma, listen to me. I've already made up my mind. Nothing is going to change that. I can work as a personal trainer in a local gym around here and we can rent a place until we're ready to leave."

I remembered telling him that I would be happy as long as we were together, even if I was flipping burgers and he was a bag boy at a supermarket. And it was true, but only if it was by choice. Jackson didn't have a choice in this. I was forcing his hand.

I looked up at Jackson, tears falling down my face. I wanted to tell him that I had changed my mind, and that I would go to California with him, but I knew that was impossible. If I did that, I would start to hate myself for abandoning Sean. I was afraid I would start to hate Jackson too.

I took a deep breath, knowing what I had to do. I steeled my resolve, telling myself to remember that I was doing it for Jackson. Because I loved him.

"Jackson, I'm not telling you the whole truth." My heart turned when he furrowed his brow but I forced myself to continue. "Being back here...seeing Sean...I've realized I made a mistake. I should have never left him."

Jackson's face whitened as he dropped my hand that he had been holding. A look of terror crossed his face as he shook his head. "No. Emma, no."

"I'm sorry," I said, openly sobbing now, my heart feeling as if it was being squeezed in a vice.

Jackson grabbed the hand that he had dropped, squeezing it so tightly that it hurt. "Sweetheart, why are you doing this? I said I would stay here with you. Please!"

I dropped my head, watching the tears fall from my face onto my lap. It was too much. I didn't know if I could go through with it. Then I imagined Jackson leading a life of drudgery, always wondering "what if." I couldn't let that happen.

I raised my head and pulled my hand out of his, wiping the tears from my face. I took a deep breath, unable to keep from shuddering as I strove to calm myself.

"I can't tell you how sorry I am, Jackson. It's not that I don't have feelings for you. But I realized that Sean and I belong together."

Jackson's face was taut, agony etched over every surface of his face. It killed me that his eyes were glassy with tears. I didn't know what I would do if he started crying.

"You're lying, I know you're lying." Jackson grabbed my hands again, desperately clutching them as he pleaded with me. "Emma, tell me you're lying! Goddammit, you're lying!"

"I'm not lying," I whispered, knowing that I had broken the promise of always telling him the truth. "I'm sorry, Jackson. I'm so sorry."

Jackson pulled me to him, burying his face in my neck. I could feel his tears against my skin and I couldn't stop shaking, a part of me not being able to believe what I was doing.

"Sweetheart, please," he begged, his face still against my neck. "Don't do this to us. I can't live without you."

I felt physical pain as I restrained myself from soothing him, from rubbing my hands down his back that was shaking with sobs. I didn't do anything except sit there, my hands laying limply on my lap.

This is for Jackson, I kept telling myself. You need to do this for Jackson.

I didn't move as Jackson's shudders gradually stopped, clenching my hands into fists to quell the desperate desire to comfort him. Jackson sat up, looking at me with red-rimmed eyes and devastation across his face. "You told me we would be together forever."

I couldn't take any more. I buried my face in my hands, my body wracked with sobs and I cried for everything I was losing, everything I was throwing away. There was something wrong with me. I told strong beautiful men that I would be with them forever, that I would love them forever. Then I destroyed them.

After my sobs subsided, I looked up at Jackson. He was watching me with dead eyes, his mouth in a thin line.

"Is this your decision then? You're choosing Sean?"

I nodded, although I was screaming liar inside my head.

He stood up, his face a mask. There was no longer any emotion on his face, except for a flash of disgust as he looked down at me.

"I'm going to be the biggest regret of your life."

Jackson left, slamming the front door behind him. I heard the engine of a car and then he was gone. I sat on the couch for hours after he left. When my mother came home and asked me what was wrong, I laughed hysterically and then started sobbing. She held me, but didn't ask me again what was wrong, and I didn't volunteer any information.

It took me a week to realize that Jackson was right. He was the biggest regret of my life. I had thrown away something precious because of a misguided sense of duty. If Jackson wanted to give up his big break to be with me, why was I the one protesting?

With my heart in my throat, I called him late one night. I didn't know whether he was back in New York or in California. I was startled when a female voice answered his cell phone.

"Hello?"

"Uh, is Jackson there?"

"Emma, is that you?"

"Claire?" I felt a sense of relief from hearing her voice. I wasn't sure why she was picking up Jackson's phone, but I welcomed an ally wherever I could find one. "Claire, thank God it's you. I was a little taken aback when a woman picked up Jackson's phone. Is he there?"

"Emma," Claire said, sounding nervous. "I figured you'd be the last person to call. I thought you guys were over."

"I made a huge mistake. I can't believe I was so stupid. Is Jackson there? I need to talk to him."

"Emma, I feel horrible telling you this but...Jackson and I are together now."

I was silent as my brain tried to process what she had just said. I was sure I had just misheard her. "What did you say?"

Claire sighed heavily. "I'm so sorry, Emma. We never meant for it to get serious, but...things just got out of control."

"Claire!" I screamed, panic overtaking me. "What the fuck are you talking about!?"

"We're in love," she whispered, sounding pained. "We thought we were just having fun, but then our feelings got in the way."

"Is this some kind of sick joke? Is Jackson trying to get back at me for breaking up with him? How the hell can you be telling me that you and Jackson have fallen in love in the span of a week!?"

"I never meant to hurt you. I knew he was in love with you and we were just having fun on the side. It's been going on for a long time, longer than you two have been together. You were never supposed to find out. But once you were out of the picture, he realized he loved me. I feel the same way."

I was trembling with rage, not believing a word she was saying. "Put Jackson on the phone now!"

I heard her talk to someone in the background and I froze when I heard the faint but distinct sound of Jackson's voice. I couldn't make out what he was saying but I knew it was him. If my heart had been shattered before, it was now obliterated into a million pieces, disappearing in a haze of despair.

"I'm sorry, Emma," Claire said, coming back to the phone. "He doesn't want to talk to you. He said that you guys discussed everything that needed to be said when he was in Merrittsville and there's nothing left to talk about."

"You bitch," I spat out, my pain turning into rage at Claire. "How could you do this to me? You were supposed to be my friend! Instead, you're telling me that you were screwing Jackson the entire time we were together?!"

Claire had been nothing but apologetic during the conversation but her tone now turned gleeful. "You're the one that gave him up, Emma. I just picked up the pieces."

I heard the phone click, signaling the end of the call. I felt immobilized by pain and fury. All this time I had hated myself for what I had done to Jackson, not knowing that he had been betraying me the entire time. No wonder I would catch odd looks on Claire's face every so often. She was probably laughing at me behind my back for being so naive.

I didn't know what to do now. My life seemed empty. Hopeless.

How far can obligation take you? It took me from the arms of the one man I loved into a life that became meaningless. It took the joy out of my life, leaving me with nothing but pain and regret.

Chapter Thirteen

Five years later

"I forgot how humid New York gets in the summer," I said, fanning myself with my hand. "I always expect it to be cooler up here than D.C."

"Try wearing a wool skirt in this weather!" Trisha exclaimed scornfully.

I grinned at her as I scanned her outfit. "I told you it would be too hot to wear that."

Trisha pouted, looking down at her outfit. "But it looks so cute."

I laughed at Trisha's put-out expression. She had insisted on making the trip up with me to New York, saying she needed a girl's weekend. I hadn't objected, grateful to have company on the long drive.

The air conditioning of the rental car we drove to New York had sputtered and died while we were still on the outskirts of New Jersey. We had opened the windows, but it hadn't done much to relieve the stifling heat.

By the time we made it to the Upper West Side, sweat was dripping down my back and I was praying that I would be able to find a parking spot.

"Our luck is looking up," I said as I spotted an open parking space on the same block as my new apartment and quickly parallel parked. We both jumped out of the car, eager to stretch our limbs, the long drive having taken its toll.

"The first time I lived here, I had to lug two huge suitcases up three flights of stairs," I said as I opened the trunk of the rental car. "Thank God for elevators."

My new apartment building was far from the Trump Towers, but it had an elevator and a doorman, luxuries in New York. I had shipped most of my belongings beforehand, so I only had one suitcase and a couple of boxes with me, in addition to Trisha's suitcase.

"Can you take my suitcase too?" I asked, lifting both of our suitcases out of the trunk and setting them down on the sidewalk next to Trisha. "I'll grab the boxes."

Trisha and I made our way into my apartment, stopping to introduce ourselves to the doorman. I heaved a sigh of relief as I unlocked the door to my apartment and stepped inside, happy that it looked exactly as it had in the pictures. It had been hard coordinating a move from D.C., but I had no time to spare to see the apartment in person. I had been scrambling to wrap up my projects at my old job before I left.

"This is nice," Trisha said, setting our suitcases down in the living room.

"It's small but it's in a good neighborhood and I really wanted a place with a doorman and elevator."

I set the boxes down and started to explore my new home. The bedroom was small but the large living room made up for it. The bathroom was serviceable if a bit cramped but the kitchen was a thing of beauty with stainless steel appliances and plenty of counter space. The apartment was currently filled with boxes and furniture that I had shipped from D.C. and I didn't relish the thought of unpacking everything.

"What should we do first?" Trisha said, collapsing on the couch that was still wrapped in plastic. "Please don't tell me you want to start unpacking."

I grinned at Trisha's pleading expression. She had come for a weekend of fun, not one filled with bubble wrap and packing tape. "Don't worry. The last thing I want to do now is unpack. I have plenty of time for that. I need to return the rental car, but why don't we get lunch afterwards? I want to explore my new neighborhood."

I waited while Trisha changed into an outfit more appropriate for the stifling heat. She looked much more put together than I did in her white shorts and gauzy blue shirt worn over a tank top.

"Don't you want to change?" she asked.

"You're the fashion plate, not me. I'm happy with my jeans and t-shirt." For as long as I had known Trisha, she had always looked put together, even in middle school. We had been best friends since the sixth grade except for a small bump in our friendship after my broken engagement to Sean. After his accident, Trisha had admitted that she had always been in love with Sean and hadn't been able to accept what I had done to him. She had tearfully apologized for abandoning me and begged for another chance. Fortunately, all the hours that we spent together helping Sean rehabilitate himself had made us realize that our friendship was worth salvaging. We had been close again ever since. It didn't hurt that Sean ended up falling in love with Trisha and they had gotten married two years ago.

After dropping off the rental car, Trisha and I walked along Amsterdam Avenue, debating which restaurant to choose out of the dizzying array of options. We finally settled on a Thai restaurant and gratefully stepped into the air-conditioned interior.

"Does it feel weird to be back?" Trisha asked after we had ordered.

"Kind of, since this is the first time I've been back since I lived here, except for the quick trip up for my interview. And I spent more time in the airport than in the city when I came up for it. It doesn't even feel like the same place to me. When I first lived here, I was so wide-eyed and naive. I thought New York was some magical place that was going to change my life. Now I know it's just another city."

Trisha hesitated before asking her next question. "Does it bring up painful memories of Jackson?"

I sighed, trying to examine my feelings. I had mixed emotions when it came to Jackson Reynard and the memories he stirred in me. Losing him had been one of the most painful experiences of my life, second only to losing my father. It had taken me a long time to put myself back together, but slowly and surely, I had. I had moved back to D.C. after Sean started making real progress, knowing that he was in the capable hands of Trisha. I had worked my way up in an advertising agency until I was made an account manager, becoming somewhat of a workaholic as my mother had once feared. Burying myself in work had helped take my mind off Jackson.

Not that it had been easy. Recovering from a failed relationship was hard enough. It was even harder when the person you were trying to get over had their face plastered on every magazine cover. Jackson's career had exploded after he starred in Negative Exposure, the John Warner movie that he had almost passed on because of me. Since then, he had been labeled as the intelligent man's action hero, starring in two more blockbusters afterwards. His meteoric rise to fame meant that every time I turned on the TV, every time I passed a bus shelter or a newsstand, I was at risk of seeing his green eyes looking back at me.

As hard as it was, I got used to seeing Jackson's face everywhere, until I didn't feel that gut-wrenching pain every time I saw an image of him. I told myself that he was just somebody that I used to know, a far away memory that still haunted me sometimes but had lost its power to make me feel that slicing lance of pain. Knowing that he had betrayed me with Claire, and that the desperate love I had believed in had been built on a bed of deceit, helped me get over him.

This didn't mean that I didn't avoid his image. I never went to see any of his movies and I avoided any TV show or magazine that he was featured in. I told myself that it was normal to still have those nights left over from when the breakup had been fresh. Those nights where I lay in bed, reliving the memories of us together as I clutched the diamond pendant he had once given me with eyes full of love. Those nights when I pleasured myself with my hands, imagining that it was Jackson caressing me. My body still craved him, even though my mind knew that he had deceived me, had cheated on me with Claire.

"It does bring up some bad memories," I admitted to Trisha. "But I have to remind myself that it was a long time ago. I'm a different person now. I'm not as naive as I once used to be."

"You weren't naive," Trisha said, shaking her head. "You were in love. It's not your fault Jackson cheated on you and abandoned you."

"Technically, he didn't abandon me. I abandoned him."

"Don't defend him," Trisha replied vehemently. "You may have broken up with him, but you were doing it for his own good. It only took you a week to realize your mistake, but lover boy was already shacking up with the whore that he had cheated on you with."

Trisha had been there for me during my darkest days. She heard the details of everything that had transpired between Jackson and me as I poured out my heart to her. To say that she had an unfavorable impression of Jackson was an understatement. It infuriated her even more that he had become rich and famous. She proclaimed that she would never watch a movie with that "sonofabitch" in it.

"I'm not defending him. And I'm certainly not excusing his cheating. But I know what role I played in the demise of our relationship. I thank my lucky stars that I did break up with him though. Otherwise, I may have never found out about him and Claire."

Our conversation was interrupted by the waiter bringing over our food.

"Let's not waste anymore time talking about Jackson. This is a weekend for us to have fun. I only have you for two days and I don't want to spend it moping about the past."

Trisha agreed on dropping the subject of Jackson and we spent the rest of lunch planning our weekend. Trisha was leaving Sunday morning so we only had the rest of today and all of Saturday to cram in as many activities as we could.

After lunch, we went shopping. Trisha was intent on spending as much money as possible before she left. I trailed behind her as we went into store after store, waiting patiently as she tried on a million pairs of shoes.

"What do you think?" she asked, modeling a pair of snakeskin five-inch heels.

"I think you're going to kill yourself trying to walk in those," I replied, plopping into a chair. I had a feeling we would be here for a while.

"Yeah, but what a way to go."

Trisha flagged down the harried salesman, asking for another pair of shoes to try on. A couple of women sat next to me, engrossed in their conversation as they slipped on pairs of shoes. I couldn't help but overhear them.

"He's in town for the premiere of his new movie. I say we find out what hotel he's staying at and camp out."

The woman's companion frowned as she stood up and admired the shoes she had slipped on in the mirror. "I think we're a little old to be stalking celebrities."

"Yeah, but it's Jackson Reynard! He's so hot, I wouldn't mind making a fool out of myself over him."

"I heard he's dating Candace Stile. No offense, but I don't think a mere mortal is going to be able to steal him from her. Besides, I read that they've been dating for a while but have kept it secret. Apparently, they're in love."

"It's not like I think I actually have a chance," the woman said with a scowl. "But what's wrong with dreaming a little?"

The two women moved to another section of the store, not knowing that they had shocked me into stillness. The last thing I expected was for Jackson to be in town. I figured that he spent most of his time in L.A., not taking into consideration that he would be in New York to promote his new movie. I couldn't help but see commercials for it since they were constantly running. I was sure it was destined to be another blockbuster, but it was another one of his films I would never see.

"What about these?" Trisha asked, now wearing red knee-high boots.

"Why are you trying on boots in the middle of summer?" I asked, pushing the thoughts of Jackson from my mind. I had gotten plenty of practice these past five years of not thinking about him, although I had to admit I wasn't always successful.

"Because these are on clearance! I can save them until winter."

I studied the heels of her boots with a skeptical look. "I don't think those boots are made for trudging in the snow."

Trisha shook her head sadly, obviously letting me know that I was missing the point. She ended up buying the boots, as well as two other pairs of shoes.

"Why don't we go back to the apartment?" I suggested. "I feel like a pack mule with all your packages. We can drop off your bags and rest up until dinner."

We were treating ourselves to a nice dinner at Eleven Madison Park but I needed to rest beforehand. Otherwise, I would be falling asleep on my plate.

I ripped the plastic off my furniture when we got back to my place and tried to arrange it in some sort of semblance of order. I opened a bottle of wine and Trisha and I relaxed on the couch, idly talking about nothing in general.

"Are you excited to start your new job?" Trisha asked, twirling her wine glass.

"I'm excited but I'm nervous too. This is a big step for me." I was starting as an account director at Forrester, a large ad agency with offices around the country. I would be handling accounts worth tens of millions of dollars and although I felt qualified for the job, I couldn't help feeling like a fish out of water. The agency I had left in D.C. had been considerably smaller.

"I have no doubt that you're going to be amazing," Trisha said with confidence. "I'll just have to make frequent trips up here to boost your ego."

"I'd welcome that," I replied with a laugh. "Although I don't know how happy Sean would be about that."

Trisha waved her hand airily. "He has plenty of things to occupy himself with, namely remodeling the bathroom."

Trisha and Sean had recently bought a "fixer-upper" and were determined to do as much work themselves as possible, although Trisha tended to take on a supervisory role instead of getting her hands dirty. As flippant as she was about leaving Sean to his own devices, I knew that in reality, she didn't like spending too much time apart. They were one of those sickening sweet couples that were joined at the hip. I was surprised that she had even suggested coming along to New York, but I knew the real reason was because she was worried about the memories my return would trigger. I was grateful to have her as a friend.

Trisha checked her watch and then jumped up, finishing the last of her wine with a gulp. "I need to start getting ready if we're going to make our eight o'clock reservation."

"Trisha, it's six o'clock. You have plenty of time."

"It takes a lot of time to make this beautiful," she said with a sweep with her hand over her body. I shook my head in exasperation. Trisha had been a little overweight during high school but she had shed the extra weight during college. However, her insecurity hadn't left her, no matter how many times she was told that she was beautiful. With her blonde hair in a pixie haircut and startling blue eyes, she was the consummate girl-next-door.

I watched amused as Trisha rushed around getting ready, primping as if she were getting ready for dinner with the Queen of England. By the time seven-thirty rolled around, we were both ready for a fun night out.

"I told you that dress looked gorgeous on you," I commented, giving Trisha the once-over. She was wearing a deep blue dress that made her eyes seem even brighter and clung to her body in all the right places. She had been an avid exerciser ever since college and it showed in her lean lines.

I was more sedately dressed in a black sheath that reached mid-thigh, cinched at the waist with a thin grey leather belt. Trisha looked at me admiringly.

"I'd kill for your curves."

"What is it with women?" I asked, shaking my head. "We're never satisfied with what we have. Here I was wishing that I was as fit as you." I grinned at Trisha. "Let's just pronounce us both ravishing beauties and leave it at that."

"Deal," she said, linking her arm with mine. The trip downstairs in the elevator was quick since I was only on the fifth floor. I greeted the doorman, who had earlier insisted that I call him Harry, and hailed a cab outside. Even though the restaurant was on the other side of town, traffic was relatively sparse and we got there quickly.

"We have a reservation for two at eight o'clock for Emma Mills," I told the maitre d' once we arrived.

"Of course," he said graciously. "Right this way, Ms. Mills."

Trisha and I trailed behind him as I surveyed the dining room, marveling at how impeccably decorated it was. I enjoyed expensive restaurants, but I tended not to indulge too often. The responsible side of me protested against spending hundreds of dollars for one meal.

"Have a wonderful evening, ladies," the maitre d' said after he had pulled out our chairs and we had settled in. Trisha leaned over towards me immediately after we had opened our menus.

"What the heck is this? It just says random stuff like beef, veal and celery. How am I supposed to order something that just says celery? A celery what? A celery puree? A celery soup? Am I going to get a stalk of celery on a fancy plate?"

I couldn't help laughing at Trisha's affronted expression. "I told you about the menu before. They just list the main ingredient of each dish without telling you how it's prepared. That way, it's a surprise when you get it. Just pick one out of each category, sit back and enjoy."

Trisha didn't look too happy about the menu setup, but she didn't utter another word of complaint although I knew she wanted to interrogate the waiter about how the dishes were prepared when he took our order.

"This is the life," Trisha said with a sigh, leaning back into her chair as she took a sip of the wine we had ordered. Apparently, the transgression of the sparsely descriptive menu had been forgotten. "I wish I could spend every day shopping and eating in swanky restaurants."

"I think it would get boring pretty fast. There's only so many things you can buy and so many plates of foie gras you can eat."

"Speak for yourself. Didn't you know that you can never be too thin or too rich?"

I didn't answer as I turned towards a commotion at a table across the restaurant. There were a couple of people hovering over the table and the maitre d' seemed to be trying to shoo them away.

"What's going on over there?" Trisha asked, craning her neck.

"I don't know, but the maitre d' looks like he's about to blow his top."

Trisha sucked in her breath sharply as I froze when the maitre d' succeeded in pulling the people away from the table. I was able to get a good look at the occupants of the table and my heart stopped as I saw Jackson sitting there, as plain as day. I blinked my eyes comically, as if I were seeing a mirage and expecting it to disappear.

"Crap," Trisha said softly, obviously having seen Jackson as well. I whipped my head towards her, but all I saw was Jackson's profile in my mind. His dark brown hair was shorter, but there was no mistaking the straight line of his nose or the soft kissable mouth. I didn't need him to turn towards me to know that his eyes would be piercing green.

I breathed in deeply, trying to slow my erratically beating heart. I had always imagined what it would be like to see Jackson again. I would greet him with nothing but scorn and he would drop to his knees, telling me he had make the biggest mistake of his life. I would then laugh in his face and leave him with a bleeding heart. Just like he had left mine.

But I knew I was kidding myself. Jackson was no longer the man I had fallen in love with five years ago, the man who had made me feel like I was the most important person in the world. He was now Jackson Reynard, heartthrob and movie star who dated leggy starlets like Candace Stile.

"Sometimes it seems like I can never catch a break," I said with a wry smile, not wanting Trisha to know how much seeing Jackson had affected me. "My first day back in New York and I have to see Jackson."

"Do you want to leave?" Trisha asked in a low voice. "We can try to get out of here before he sees us."

I shook my head. I wasn't running away from Jackson. I had as much right to be in this restaurant as he did. "No. We're going to enjoy our dinner and forget that we saw him. He didn't see me and I doubt he'd notice anyone outside his rarefied circle of celebrities."

Despite my brave words, I made a point of not turning in Jackson's direction again because I was fearful that it would draw his attention. It was most likely an irrational fear because he was probably used to ignoring stares, but I didn't want to tempt fate. Trisha made a concerted effort to talk about anything besides Jackson. She chattered endlessly about the food, dissecting each dish and trying to guess the ingredients. I went along with it, pretending to rave about the food. In reality, I didn't taste anything I put in my mouth, the shock of seeing Jackson overtaking everything, even my taste buds.

We paid our bill with relief and I was grateful that we had gone unnoticed. We made our way quickly out of the dining room and into the lobby of the restaurant.

"Have a good evening, ladies," the maitre d' said with a smile. We were about to open the door when I felt a hand on my elbow, firmly pulling me back. I turned around slowly, my heartbeat ratcheting so quickly and loudly that I was sure everyone could hear it. Even though I had a good idea of who it was, I was unprepared to see Jackson's face up close. I stared up at him, his piercing green eyes pinning me in place. He was every bit as beautiful as I remembered, and every bit as handsome as his movie posters portrayed him. But he no longer looked like the man who had swept me off my feet. His lips were set in a thin line and his eyes were cold as they gazed at me. The boyish charm had been replaced with a glacial intensity.

We stared at each other for a few moments, neither of us saying a word. His eyes traveled down my face and body, his gaze leisurely as it moved back up. I flushed at his open perusal, wondering if he found me lacking.

"You've cut your hair."

I looked at him nonplussed, his observation the last thing I was expecting to hear from him. I resisted the urge to self-consciously touch my shoulder length hair and steeled myself for whatever was about to happen.

"A lot of things have changed besides my hair."

Jackson's mouth twisted and I was keenly aware of his hand still on my arm. I pulled it free and his hand fell to his side, clenching into a fist.

"What are you doing here?"

"I didn't realize that I had to check in with you the minute I stepped foot in New York." My hackles were raised, his demanding tone grating on me.

"Last I heard you were still in D.C."

My eyes narrowed, as anger replaced my shock. "Heard from who? How would you know anything about my life?"

Jackson shrugged nonchalantly, although his gaze looked far from casual. "Word gets around."

"No, word does not get around. Not when you're a normal person and the details of your life aren't plastered everywhere."

Jackson raised an eyebrow, his eyes gleaming. "So you've been checking up on me?"

I let out a sound of frustration. "What are we doing, Jackson? There's no point to this conversation. Let's just pretend we never saw each other."

"Let's go," I said, turning to Trisha. I was uncomfortably aware of the attention we were drawing, all eyes on us as we traded barbs in plain sight for everybody to see. Trisha had been standing next to us, listening to our exchange with her mouth agape. She snapped her mouth closed when I addressed her, seeming to come to her senses.

She nodded, pausing to glare mutinously at Jackson, and then opened the door to the restaurant and exited. I was following behind her when Jackson grabbed me again, this time much more roughly. He closed the door and leaned a hand against it, effectively blocking Trisha out as he loomed above me.

"What are you doing?" I hissed, bitter anger rising in me. "You're making a goddamned scene! I don't live my life in the public arena like you do!"

"How do you live your life?" Jackson whispered silkily. "Are you happy? Or do you think about me when you're fucking your husband?"

I pushed futilely at his chest, wanting to beat at it and call him a bastard. I didn't know what he was talking about and I didn't care. "Jackson, if you don't let me go I'm really going to make a scene. I doubt you want this splashed across the tabloids tomorrow."

Jackson grabbed the wrist of my left hand that was pushing against his chest, stilling it as he stared down at me. "You didn't answer my question."

"I don't know what the hell you're talking about! I'm not married!"

Jackson glanced down at my hand that he had trapped against his chest. "Ah, I should have noticed the lack of a ring. When did you get divorced?"

"Let me go, Jackson," I said wearily, tired of this game and conversation I didn't understand. I needed to get away from Jackson as quickly as possible. All the indifference I had built up around my heart was shattering with just the touch of him. "I don't know what you're talking about. I've never been married."

Jackson's grip on my hand loosened and I was able to pull it from his grasp. His brows were furrowed and his eyes looked disbelieving as they bored into me. "Didn't you marry Sean?"

I laughed hollowly, the ridiculousness of the situation sinking in. I was well aware of the people behind Jackson snapping pictures with their cell phones. I had a sick feeling that my private life was about to be made public.

"You should check your sources. You seem to be wrong about a lot of things."

"Claire told me-"

"Don't you fucking mention her name to me," I hissed, caustic anger rising in me. "You have some fucking nerve."

Jackson looked at me confused. "Why-"

He was cut off by flashing lights behind me. I turned around and saw a few men with cameras crowded by the door, snapping pictures furiously. Trisha was behind them on the sidewalk looking panicked. I whipped my head back around, letting my hair fall forward to cover my face.

"Shit," Jackson muttered. "There's a back entrance to the restaurant that we can go through. Let's go."

"I'm not going anywhere with you! Just leave me alone, Jackson. Please. Just leave me alone."

I turned and abruptly opened the door, forcing the paparazzi to step back. I covered my face with my hand, trying to hide from the flashing of their cameras, when I felt Trisha grab my hand.

"Get out of our way!" I heard her yell as she guided me from their frenzied snapping of photos. We practically ran down the sidewalk, turning the corner into a quiet street.

"I don't think they're following us," she said breathlessly.

I leaned against the side of a building, feeling shaky now that the adrenaline had left my body. A million emotions were going through me. Disbelief at running into Jackson, confusion about his questions of marriage, anger at the scene he had caused and dismay that his touch still had the power to affect me. But the single most overriding emotion was fear. Fear that he was going to destroy me again, like he had destroyed me five years ago. I had put myself back together once after the devastation of Jackson's betrayal. I didn't think I had the strength to do it again.

"Are you okay?"

I looked up at Trisha who was watching me with concerned eyes. I took a deep breath and straightened, telling myself I had nothing to fear. I would never let myself get caught up with Jackson again. Presuming that he would even be interested in me, which was pretty farfetched. It was ridiculous to think that Jackson Reynard, mega movie star, would want anything to do with plain old Emma Mills. The Jackson Reynard who had pledged his undying love to me was dead. Worse, he had never existed. It had all just been a facade while he had fucked Claire on the side.

"I'm okay," I answered, plastering a smile on my face. "Let's just hope pictures of Jackson Reynard arguing with some unknown woman aren't all over the internet tomorrow."

"Do you want to go home?" Trisha offered. "We can stay in for the rest of the night."

I shook my head, determined to not let this incident ruin the rest of the night. "You're only here for a couple of days and we're not spending it hiding in my apartment. I need a drink now more than ever."

We made an effort to avoid the topic of Jackson, not only for that night, but for the rest of the weekend. Pictures of Jackson and I had indeed appeared on gossip websites but fortunately no one had gotten a close-up of my face, so I was just labeled a mystery woman. I was planning on staying a mystery forever.

Despite the incident, Trisha and I were able to enjoy the rest of our weekend together. I rediscovered New York with her as we crammed in as many activities as we could within the short period of time. If we both scanned the crowds everywhere we went for Jackson's face, we didn't mention it. I doubted I would see him again since I was certain we frequented very different establishments.

"Call me if you need anything," Trisha said as she gave me a fierce hug before she left. We were in front of my apartment building and Trisha was about to get into a cab to go to the airport. "I can come up anytime."

"I will," I promised, hugging her back. "Thanks so much for making the trip with me."

Trisha hesitated as the cabbie threw her suitcase into the trunk and slid back into the driver's seat, looking over at us impatiently. "Will you be okay here by yourself?"

"I'll be fine," I reassured Trisha. "I'm a big girl. I know what you're worried about, but I sincerely doubt I'll run into Jackson again. Even if I do, I can handle it. It's all in the past."

Trisha squeezed my hand and then got into the cab. "Love you. I'll miss you!"

"I love you too. Give Sean my regards."

I watched the cab drive away, my brave words ringing falsely in my ears. With Trisha gone, I did feel alone. But I refused to feel lonely. I had worked hard to rebuild my life and I was going to look forward to my future. I hadn't come to New York to find the new Emma Mills like I had when I had first moved up here. I accepted who I was and was happy with the person I had become.

Chapter Fourteen

The next day at Forrester was busy as I learned the ropes of my new company. Marie, the assistant I had been assigned, was cheery and efficient and I was grateful to have someone who had worked at Forrester for over five years. She advised me on a lot of the workings of Forrester as much as I explained my work style and what I expected of her.

I spent most of my day familiarizing myself with my new clients and had Marie set up meetings so that I could meet them face to face. The biggest surprise of the day was running into Celeste in the hallway, my old co-worker from Mass Comm.

"Emma!" she exclaimed, giving me a big hug. "What are you doing here?"

Celeste and I had kept in contact when I had first left Mass Comm, regularly exchanging emails about what was happening in our lives. But our communication had slowly tapered off. I was dealing with Sean and the heartbreak of losing Jackson, and Celeste was busy with work and grandkids. The last time I had heard from her was years ago.

"Today is my first day here," I answered, hugging her back. "Don't tell me you work here too."

Celeste nodded eagerly. "I can't believe it! It's been ages. I didn't even know you had moved back to New York."

"I just moved back. How long have you been working here?"

"For a couple of years. Drew Stephens, my boss back at Mass Comm, accepted a job here as vice president of media buying and he brought me along."

"It's so good to see you again," I said with a genuine smile. "Who knew New York was such a small world?"

Celeste hadn't changed much in five years. Her eyes were still sparkling with a youthful glow as she leaned in closer. "I'll have to fill you in on all the dirt at Forrester. This place is like Melrose Place with all the drama that happens here. Much different from Mass Comm."

I laughed at Celeste's sly smile, having missed her enthusiasm even if it was for gossip. "We'll definitely have to do lunch soon. My office is just down the hall."

Celeste perked up as she glanced down the hall. "I assume you're not working here as an assistant then."

"I'm an account director, but you know the assistant actually does all the work," I replied with a grin.

"I knew it. I knew you would make your way up the corporate ladder. I felt so bad after what happened at Mass Comm."

"It's okay, Celeste. It was a long time ago."

Celeste and I parted with promises of getting together for lunch later this week. I marveled at how my old life was coming back to haunt me. First Jackson, then Celeste. At least Celeste was a happy surprise.

I was tired but satisfied when I left the office, feeling as if I had learned a lot on my first day. I had bought groceries the day before so I went straight home and heated up a can of soup for dinner, not having enough energy to muster anything more than that. I saw that I had missed a call from my mother, probably eager to hear about my first day at work. Some things never changed.

"Hi, Mom," I said when she answered on the first ring. "Sorry I didn't get a chance to call you sooner."

"Emma! I've been worrying about you all day! How was your first day? Was everyone nice to you?"

I shook my head but couldn't help smiling. My mother seemed to think it was my first day at a new school.

"Yes, everyone was nice to me. I even ran into an old co-worker from Mass."

"That's good, dear. Are there any nice men working there?"

I groaned, even though I was used to my mother constantly bringing up my lack of a dating life. I hadn't dated much since I broke up with Jackson, having only had a couple of half-hearted relationships that hadn't lasted more than a few months, and my mother was convinced I was going to end up alone. She didn't seem to understand that being thirty years old and single was far from becoming an old maid.

"Mom, I'm there to work, not pick up eligible men. The last thing I want to do is date someone I work with."

"Then where will you meet men?" my mother countered with a sigh. "You don't want to date the type of men you meet at bars. Why don't you join a church?"

I ended the conversation with promises that I would make an effort to date. I wasn't opposed to it and often thought that it was time for a real relationship. The problem was finding the right man to have a relationship with. I had focused so much on my career the past few years that it had eclipsed my personal life.

Dinner was spent eating my bowl of soup in front of the television, my appetite faltering when a commercial for Jackson's new movie came on. Candace Stile was in the movie as well and they looked like the perfect couple, both of them tall, beautiful and larger-than-life. I told myself that they were living a fictional life and I was happy to have escaped that artificial world.

That didn't stop me from dreaming about Jackson when I fell asleep. But I didn't dream about Jackson of the past like I usually did. I dreamt of present day Jackson, his eyes cold and disdainful as he looked down at me.

Despite my restless sleep, I woke up early the next morning, eager for another day at Forrester. The rest of the week went by in a blur as work took up all of my time. It was a relief not to run into Jackson again and I convinced myself it was a one-time fluke. I would probably never see him again.

I stopped by Celeste's desk Friday evening after I was done for the day. We hadn't been able to meet up for lunch during the week since I had been so busy so we had decided to grab a drink after work tonight.

"Ready?" I asked as Celeste looked up and smiled at my approach. "Let's go before I'm sucked back into my office. I'm making myself not work late tonight since I haven't gotten out of the office before ten most nights this week."

"Let me just run to the ladies room."

I perched on Celeste's desk while she hurried to the restroom, smiling when I saw a picture of Richard, her husband, prominently displayed. Celeste had reverted right back to complaining about her husband, but I didn't doubt that she still loved him as much as ever.

"Emma, it's good to see you."

I looked up at the deep voice and saw Drew Stephens stepping out of his office. I had only interacted with him a few times at Mass Comm since he traveled so much, but he had always been gracious and kind. I had always been in a little awe of him. He was powerfully built with black hair and grey eyes, his blunt features rough and masculine. Yet he was still attractive with an energy radiating from him that was more raw than polished. His expensive suit barely seemed to contain the powerful man who looked like he would be more at ease with physical labor than an office setting. However, he was brilliant at what he did and I wasn't surprised that he was a vice president at Forrester.

"Hi, Drew, it's good to see you again," I replied, straightening as I took Drew's outstretched hand in mine. Despite being about forty now, Drew didn't look much different from when we had both been at Mass Comm.

"Celeste mentioned that you were working at Forrester now. Let me know if you ever need anything." Drew's smile was genuine and his hand was warm and firm in mine. I felt a little jolt when we touched, realizing that I was acutely aware of him as a man. I laughed to cover up my awkwardness.

"Thanks, Drew. I have a feeling I'll be taking you up on that offer."

"Anytime." Drew continued smiling as he gazed at me and I became aware that his hand was still grasping mine. I pulled away gently, relieved when his hand released mine. I felt confused, not sure if I was misreading his look of interest.

"Do you need anything before I leave for the day?" Celeste asked, startling me. I hadn't heard her walking up behind me.

Drew shook his head. "No, have a great weekend." He turned back to me, now looking just merely friendly. "You too, Emma."

He walked past us down the hall and I watched silently as Celeste grabbed her purse and shut down her computer. "Let's go."

Celeste and I went to a lounge around the corner from the office and settled into a table, ordering drinks. Celeste ordered a fruity cocktail with an umbrella and I settled for my usual vodka tonic.

"How was your first week? You got lucky with Marie. She's one of the assistants that actually knows what she's doing at Forrester."

"It's been really good," I said, taking a sip of my drink. "Good, but busy. And you're right, Marie is a gem. I really lucked out with her. At this point, she's teaching me more than I'm teaching her."

Celeste was easy to spend time with, making me laugh often and loudly. She regaled me of tales about her family and I felt the stress of the work week melting away. Even though she probed into my love life, there wasn't much to tell. She knew that I had gone through a bad break-up with Jackson five years ago, but luckily, she had never realized that the man I had been involved with was Jackson Reynard, movie star. I didn't think she could handle the excitement of it so I never disclosed it to her.

I was curious about what my old boss, Janet, was up to and Celeste informed me that she was now a partner at an advertising agency. I was happy to hear that she was doing well, holding no ill regard towards her. She didn't have much of a choice when I ruined her presentation, although to this day I still didn't understood how the fiasco had happened.

The one drink turned into several before the night was over. By the time I stepped out of the cab in front of my building, I was feeling buzzed and happy.

"Hi, Harry," I called out as I passed my doorman.

"Good evening, Ms. Mills," he replied, nodding.

"Emma. Remember, it's Emma," I said with a wave of my hand.

"Have a good night, Emma," he rephrased with a smile.

It was a relief to kick off my heels once I got inside my apartment. I was about to change when I heard my apartment phone ring, the shrill rhythm of the rings signaling that it was Harry. I frowned as I answered it, wondering what he could want since I had just passed him.

"Harry?"

"Emma, you have a guest. Jack Reynolds."

I froze, knowing full well that Jack Reynolds must be Jackson. I had no idea how Jackson knew where I lived and I had no desire to see him, but I didn't know if I had the courage to turn him away.

"Emma, should I send him up?"

I scrambled for a reply, but before I could answer, I heard Jackson's voice.

"I don't want to make a scene down here, Emma, but I will if I have to. And I don't care who takes pictures while I do it, so you'd best let me up."

"Emma?" It was Harry again, and he sounded concerned, clearly having heard Jackson. "I can send him away. Don't worry if you don't want to let him up. I'll take care of it."

I released the breath I had been holding, anxiety making my happy buzz vanish. I felt stone cold sober. The last thing I wanted was more coverage about Jackson Reynard's mystery woman, and I wasn't willing to call his bluff about making a scene.

"It's okay, Harry. He's just an old friend that I got into an argument with. You can let him up."

I paced my living room nervously as I waited for Jackson's arrival, trying to steady my pulse as I told myself that I could handle this. I was glad that I was still in my work clothes. I felt much less vulnerable than if I had been in a pair of shorts and t-shirt, my usual outfit when I was at home. I couldn't help but check my appearance in the mirror. My cheeks were flushed with alcohol and anticipation and I smoothed my hair, not wanting to examine why I wanted to look my best in front of Jackson.

I jumped when my doorbell rang and waited a beat before I walked over to answer it. When I opened my door, my insides clenched. Even though Jackson was wearing a baseball cap low on his head with jeans and a worn t-shirt, it wasn't enough to mask his dazzling good looks.

"Are we going to just stand here like this all night?"

His sardonic words jolted me out of my reverie and I narrowed my eyes. "What are you doing here? How do you know where I live?"

Jackson sighed and folded his arms across his chest. "Do you really want to do this out here where your neighbors can hear everything?"

I glared at him but opened the door wider and stepped back, letting him in.

"You have five minutes," I said as he walked in. "Then you have to leave."

Jackson didn't answer me as he looked around my apartment. I saw it through his eyes and thought it was probably laughable to him. For a big star like Jackson, my apartment probably looked dinky and underwhelming. It fueled my anger and when I saw him pick up a picture of my father on my bookshelf, I stalked over and snatched it out of his hands.

"Five minutes," I said through gritted teeth.

Jackson didn't seem affected by my demand and simply looked down at me, but I couldn't read his expression, his eyes shadowed by the bill of his cap.

"Aren't you going to offer me anything to drink?" he asked, finally breaking the silence.

"Jackson, I don't know what games you're trying to play. I don't know why you're here, but I don't have time for this. Either say whatever it is you're here to say or leave."

"You're different," he said flatly. "Where's the Emma that was full of life? You used to get ridiculously happy over the simplest things. Remember when I won that plastic bracelet for you at Coney Island and you fell all over yourself, acting like I had just given you the crown jewels?"

I pressed my lips together, pushing the memory aside. I didn't want to think about the good times, the moments of pure happiness that had made me believe life was beautiful. Those memories were now tainted with Jackson's betrayal.

"Are you here to wax nostalgic? If so, you might as well leave."

Jackson's mouth twisted in return. "Fine. I just came here to get some facts straight. Did you marry Sean?"

I sighed in frustration. "I already told you I've never been married. To Sean or anybody else. Not that it matters."

Jackson took his cap off and shoved his hand through his hair, looking confused. Now that I had an unadulterated view of his face, I tensed even more. I was warring against a tide of sadness and regret, reminding myself that our relationship had been a sham.

"I don't understand," Jackson said, shaking his head. "I thought you and Sean got married."

"Now you know that we didn't," I said, speaking slowly as if I were talking to someone who was slow to understand. "Is that all?"

Jackson grimaced, his green eyes piercing into me. "If I had known..."

"If you had known, then what?" I countered when he faltered. "I told you that we didn't belong together." I didn't bring up the fact that I had called a week later to beg for Jackson's forgiveness and for him to take me back. My pride wouldn't let me revisit that moment, even though I knew Jackson was well aware of it. The moment where I realized that Jackson had betrayed me.

Jackson breathed in deeply, watching me uncertainly. "I guess nothing. If you really thought we didn't belong together, I guess I didn't have a chance. I just - when I heard that you were married, it made everything final. Claire thought-"

"Didn't I tell you not to mention her name?" I spat out. "I don't want to talk about her. In fact, I don't want to talk to you at all. Get out!"

Jackson grabbed my arms roughly, pulling me towards him and making my head fall back as he shook me. "Why do you get so upset when I mention her name?" he demanded.

I laughed humorlessly, feeling as if my heart were breaking again. "I'm sorry, am I supposed to feel kindly towards the bitch you slept with?"

Jackson froze, his expression guilty, and I realized he still had the power to hurt me. Even though I knew he had cheated on me with Claire, the confirmation on his face killed me. I knew that I could never forgive him. It was more than his sleeping with Claire. It was because he had made me believe in a dizzying love that had been false. He had made me believe in soul mates and happily ever after, only to snatch that happiness away.

"How do you know?" he whispered, his voice sounding strained. "How did you find out?"

I pulled out of his grasp and sneered at him, trying to mask the wound that had been ripped open anew. "How do you think? Or is it not important enough for you to remember? She told me herself."

Jackson steeled his expression, the panic in his eyes vanishing behind a mask of coldness. "You can't really blame me, can you? You were the one to reject me."

A haze of fury rose in me and I felt myself start to shake. All the pain and anguish I had buried for years erupted, fueled by his indifferent attitude.

"You bastard," I yelled, striking him with my fists. "I trusted you! I gave you fucking everything and you threw it away! Were you laughing at me? Were the two of you laughing at me behind my back while you fucked each other?!"

I didn't care that I was openly sobbing as I frantically beat against his chest. All reason left me and I was just left with raw emotion. I felt like a wild animal that had been hurt and was expending my last bit of strength to retaliate.

"Stop it!" Jackson grabbed my wrists in a vise-like grip, stopping my assault on him. His expression was like ice, at odds with the pain I saw in his eyes. I was heaving with emotion, trapped by his grasp as sanity came back. I was disgusted that I had let myself be so affected by him.

"Let me go," I said in a low voice, unable to break free from his iron grip. Jackson tentatively let go of my wrists and instead of continuing my assault, I stepped back, needing to get some space between us.

"Why are you here, Jackson?" I continued in an emotionless voice. "What possible reason could you have to be here? What's the point of revisiting the past?"

"It's because I need to know the truth," Jackson replied, his face hard. "Don't I deserve it?"

I laughed mirthlessly. "Do you? All that matters is the truth now. And the truth now is that I never want to see you again."

Jackson stepped towards me, his face flashing with anger. "Just answer my questions and I'll be gone from your life forever. I have my own life to get back to. I just want to put this to rest."

I scrubbed my face with my hands, feeling exhausted from the intense emotions that had gone through me. I just felt resigned now, so I nodded my head. "Fine. Anything to make you leave."

Jackson's eyes flared at my statement but he spoke in an even voice. "Were you telling me the truth when you told me that you wanted to be with Sean?"

The importance of this question confused me. I didn't understand why it mattered, especially since he had been screwing Claire the entire time we had been together. And the fact that I had called a week later to beg him to take me back should have been indication enough. I paused, not sure how to answer his question.

"You said you would answer my questions," Jackson demanded, his face tense as if my answer was of paramount importance.

"No, it was just an excuse. I felt too guilty. Guilty about Sean's condition that I had caused. Guilty about you giving up your opportunity. I thought it was best for everyone involved if I lied," I answered flatly. "Next question."

I wasn't prepared for Jackson's reaction. His mask slipped and his face was ravaged with pain. "Why, Emma. Why did you do it? You were my life. I would have given up everything for you."

"That was the problem," I said dully. "I didn't want you to give up everything for me." I didn't mention his betrayal. I didn't think I could take his matter-of-fact attitude about it again.

"What happened with Sean?" Jackson's face was remote again, the pain I had seen earlier having vanished.

"He got better through a lot of rehabilitation. He can walk, although he'll always have to use a cane."

"You never thought about starting again with him?"

I shook my head, wanting this conversation to be over. "No. He and my best friend fell in love and got married."

"You mean Trisha?"

I was surprised that Jackson remembered her name, but I just nodded. He stalked away from me, his back towards me as he stared out the window of my living room. I didn't know what to do so I just stayed silent.

When he finally turned back to me, he looked lost. "All these years I thought you were with Sean."

"Does it matter?" I asked sadly. Jackson walked towards me and I tensed when he gently grasped my cheek with one hand, lifting my head up to look at him.

"Of course it matters," he said softly. "If I had the slightest inkling that you wanted to be with me, that you didn't want to be with Sean, I wouldn't have let anything get between us." He hesitated before continuing. "The thing with Claire-"

"Stop," I said, my voice trembling. "Please, just stop. I can't talk about what you did with Claire. I realized long after we broke up that we weren't right for each other. I was young and naive. I'm not that person anymore. You said it yourself. I've changed."

"But I haven't," Jackson whispered, lowering his head. "I still want you."

My mind reeled when Jackson's lips touched mine. I wanted to push him away but I couldn't seem to control my body's reaction to him. Instead of being tentative, his kiss was demanding as his lips slanted over mine, insisting on a reaction. And my traitorous body gave it to him. My mouth opened, admitting him entry inside, and his tongue immediately entered, stroking mine frantically. I felt a desperation in both of us as Jackson pushed me against the wall, pressing his body against mine, his erection rock hard. Our kiss was wild and I felt out of control, but I couldn't seem to put a stop to it.

His hands seemed to be everywhere and I was vaguely aware of them at the front of my shirt, hearing buttons pop and roll on the floor as he ripped my blouse open. Our lovemaking had been intense in the past, but there was now a violence in his urgency that I had never felt before. He roughly pushed up my bra and broke our kiss, moving his head down to draw a nipple into his mouth, sucking painfully hard as his hands lowered to my belt, scrambling to unbuckle it.

I couldn't deny the pleasure I felt, my body hungering for his. But I was also frightened by the savagery of his touch. I didn't know this man that seemed intent on consuming me.

"Jackson, stop!" I pushed his hands from my belt, shocked when his hands slammed mine against the wall, imprisoning them while he continued his assault on my nipple. He then moved to the other nipple, suckling hard, and I watched him immobilized, not knowing what to do.

"You're hurting me," I finally whispered, even though a part of me wanted him to continue his rough treatment of my breasts. I couldn't deny the pool of wetness that was between my legs.

Jackson froze at my words and then released my nipple, lifting his head. His eyes looked wild as he stared at me, his gaze unfocused. He closed his eyes and took a deep uneven breath. He looked ashamed when he opened his eyes again, his gaze traveling down my body. The tips of my breasts were red and abraded from his mouth and my wrists were still trapped against the wall by his hands.

He stepped back, releasing my hands, and I hurriedly pushed my bra down and pulled together the edges of my gaping blouse. I looked down at the loose buttons on the floor, not knowing what to say.

"I'm sorry," he choked out. "I'm sorry, Emma."

I didn't look up as I heard him walk out and slam the door behind him. I couldn't move for a while as I just sagged against the wall, unable to believe what had just happened.

When I was finally able to move, I slowly made my way to my bedroom, feeling as if I were in a dream. I threw my ruined blouse in the trashcan and quickly shed the rest of my clothes, pulling on shorts and a t-shirt. My nipples were sore from Jackson's harsh treatment as they brushed against my t-shirt. But instead of angering me, the constant reminder was insidiously arousing. My fear had stopped Jackson, but I realized I was more afraid of what Jackson re-entering my life could do to me.

I couldn't stop thinking about him that night as I tried to sleep. I didn't think about what it meant when I got up and rummaged in my jewelry box, taking out the diamond pendant Jackson had once given me with love in his eyes. I didn't ponder the consequences of my emotional state of mind when I clasped it around my neck before returning to bed. I didn't make excuses when my hands drifted down underneath the waistband of my shorts, beneath my panties. I just wanted to feel. My fingers found my cleft slick with arousal and I imagined Jackson's mouth between my legs, suckling on my tight bud. One hand drifted back up to my nipples that were extra sensitized by their soreness. My hand was wet with my arousal and I imagined it was Jackson's mouth as my other hand rubbed my clit faster and faster, my hips rising from the bed as I felt tension mounting. I didn't hold back my cries when I found my release, calling out Jackson's name. I spent the rest of the night pretending that he was beside me, loving me.

Chapter Fifteen

It was hard not to jump every time my phone rang, wondering if it was Jackson. I found myself constantly checking my phone, feeling both relief and disappointment when I didn't hear from him. I told myself that even though I still had the same phone number as when we were dating, it probably wasn't noteworthy enough for Jackson to remember it. I put away the necklace he had given me, telling myself that it was a mistake to wear it, but it didn't stop me from thinking about him.

Long ago, I had banned myself from looking him up on the internet. It was too painful to see pictures of him with other women, to delve into the details of his life, whether they were reported accurately or not. But my last encounter with Jackson made the temptation too great and I soon found myself searching his name online. That's how I found out he was currently abroad promoting his movie. It made me breathe a little easier, realizing that there was an ocean separating me from Jackson.

Two weeks later, I was still feeling vulnerable from what had happened between Jackson and me when Drew knocked on my open office door.

"Hi, Emma, do you have a moment?"

"Sure, come in." I watched Drew stride into my office and settle into the chair opposite my desk.

"So, how do you like working at Forrester so far?" Drew was tapping his thumb on his leg, a restless movement that was at odds with his confident and commanding demeanor. He seemed fidgety, something I never associated with Drew.

"I really like it. Everyone has been great and I really like the clients I'm working with." I paused, waiting for Drew to tell me the reason he had stopped by.

"Good, I'm glad to hear that."

I cleared my throat when Drew continued to sit there, watching me. He had stopped fidgeting but the intensity of his gaze discomfited me even more.

"Did you need something, Drew?" I asked gently. He smiled faintly, as if he were slightly embarrassed.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to just sit here staring at you. I was wondering if you wanted to get together for a drink after work today."

I sat there flummoxed, not understanding the intent behind his request. I wanted to assume that he was just being a friendly colleague, but I had a feeling there was something more behind the invitation.

"I'm not sure what time I'll be done. I have a lot of work to get through."

"I can wait. I have plenty of work to do too."

"Well..." I stalled, not knowing how to ask if this was just a friendly drink or if he was asking me out. I didn't know how to refuse either way, since he had volunteered to wait until I was finished with my work.

"I'm usually not this clumsy asking a woman out," Drew said with a wry grin. "I'd rather ask you to dinner, but Celeste said I was better off asking you out for drinks."

"What does Celeste have to do with this?" I asked with a raised eyebrow. Celeste had been on a mission to set me up once she found out I was single, and I was mortified to think that she had pressured Drew into asking me out.

"I didn't know if you were involved with someone, so I asked Celeste," he admitted. "Celeste, being Celeste, didn't let things rest until I told her I was interested."

"I'm flattered, Drew, but it's probably not a good idea to get involved considering we work for the same company." And I was flattered that someone as accomplished and attractive as Drew Stephens was asking me out, but I couldn't banish the thought of Jackson from my mind.

"Forrester is pretty lax," Drew said. "There's no non-fraternization policy and we don't work directly together." He frowned before continuing. "This is the worst way to ask a woman out. Let me be frank. I'm interested in you. I've been interested since we both worked at Mass Comm, but I was in a relationship then and I believe you were as well. You're beautiful, smart and ambitious. I admire that."

I swallowed, not knowing how to respond to such a candid admission of interest. I was about to gently refuse when I thought about Jackson with Candace Stile. During my self-destructive searches online, I had seen a picture of them together in Spain, taking time out from promoting their movie to enjoy the sights. She had been leaning into him, looking up at him and laughing. I had been sickened that the image still had the power to cut me, to make me ache to be the woman that Jackson looked down at so lovingly. At the same time, I was disgusted that Jackson hadn't changed. He had pawed at me while he was in a relationship with another woman.

Drew Stephens had everything to offer a woman and he was interested in me. Work was just an excuse since I knew he was right - Forrester didn't frown on interoffice relationships as long as they didn't involve direct reports. I needed to cultivate a life outside of work, and Drew was an attractive distraction from obsessing over Jackson.

"How can I say no to that?" I responded with a wry smile. "I'd love to get a drink with you after work."

"Great," Drew said beaming. "Just let me know when you're ready to leave."

I was able to push both Jackson and Drew to the back of my mind for the remainder of the day, busy with meetings and clients. I wasn't surprised when Marie announced that Celeste was on the phone for me, claiming it was urgent.

"Hi, Celeste," I said, resigned to the interrogation I knew I would be receiving.

"I had to wait until Drew left for a meeting so that I could call you! What happened?"

"You mean you weren't hiding in the hallway listening to the entire conversation?" I asked, only half-joking.

"I wish," Celeste harrumphed. "Marie shooed me away, telling me it wasn't professional to crouch in the hall."

I reminded myself to thank Marie later. "You know just as much as I do. Drew asked me out for drinks tonight and I accepted."

"I knew you would say yes!" Celeste squealed. "Drew just raised his eyebrows when I asked what happened and then gave me a stack of folders to file. He's never really shared anything about his personal life with me, so I about fell over when he asked me about you earlier."

All the information I knew about Drew was from Celeste, and she didn't know much about him beyond work, despite having been his assistant for years. He seemed like a very private person, much to Celeste's chagrin, and all I knew was that he traveled a lot for work and had never been married.

"I think I need to follow his lead and stop disclosing details about my personal life to you."

"You wouldn't!" Celeste sounded horrified, as if I told her I kidnapped babies in my spare time.

"You'd get it out of me sooner or later," I said chuckling. "Now I really have to get back to work or I'll never be able to meet Drew later and give you all the details tomorrow."

"Okay, no problem!" Celeste said eagerly. "Remember, I want all the details."

I felt a hollow pang as I put the phone receiver back in the cradle. Celeste's words were reminiscent of the past when she would make me promise to share all the details of my relationship with Jackson. I remembered the giddiness I felt when I recounted one of Jackson's sweet gestures to her, and the excitement Celeste had shared when Jackson had given me the diamond pendant. I reminded myself that those memories were tainted with Jackson's betrayal.

It was almost eight o'clock when I finally powered down my computer, happy with the amount of work I had accomplished. The halls were quiet since a lot of people had already left for the day. I quickly dialed Drew's extension, waiting for him to pick up since I knew Celeste was gone.

"Hi, Drew, thanks for waiting," I said when he picked up. "I'm ready if you are."

"I'll be right over."

I freshened up my make-up while I waited for Drew, trying to muster some enthusiasm for the date. An attractive, successful man was interested in me but instead of feeling nervous and excited, I was wishing I could just go home and crawl into bed.

I smiled when Drew strode into my office, telling myself I would have a good time. We went to a bar nearby and I tried to relax, hoping the vodka tonic I had ordered would loosen me up.

"So tell me about yourself, Emma Mills," Drew asked, leaning forward in his chair. "I don't know much about you except that you're an amazing account director."

"There's not much to tell," I replied with a faint smile. "I grew up in Maryland and lived in D.C. for the past five years after I left Mass Comm." I didn't want to discuss the circumstances of why I had left Mass Comm, which I was sure Drew knew about, so I quickly changed the subject to him. "What about you? Where did you grow up?"

I listened to Drew tell me about his childhood in Boston and we had an easy conversation as we went through the usual first date topics. I learned that Drew had grown up with a single mother who had taken care of him and his sister by working multiple jobs to keep a roof over their head. Drew had worked as a carpenter to put himself through college, earning a 4.0 GPA while barely having time to sleep. He had built himself up from meager beginnings and I admired the self-made man who became a success through sheer determination and will, coupled with a brilliant mind. But despite my admiration, I didn't feel a spark with him. I didn't feel the need to know as much about him as I possibly could. It was hard not thinking about Jackson while Drew was talking, wondering what he was doing and who he was doing it with. So when we stepped outside of the bar after a few drinks, it was easy to refuse his request for another date.

"I'm sorry, Drew." And I really was. I wished that I felt something for him. I could use him to take my mind off Jackson, but I knew that was unfair to Drew. So I lied, knowing that despite my excuse, I would have welcomed a relationship at this state of my life. "I had a great time tonight, but things are a little complicated in my life right now. I don't really have room for a relationship. I'm sorry if I misled you by agreeing to a drink tonight."

Drew looked disappointed but he took the rejection with grace. "I'm sorry to hear that, but I hope we can remain friends. Let me know if your life ever uncomplicates."

I was grateful for Drew's acceptance of my excuse and his willingness to settle for a friendship. I promised to have lunch with him soon and was relieved when a cab whisked me back home, happy to be in the comfort of my apartment.

I forced myself not to turn on my laptop and search for news about Jackson, turning on the television instead and mindlessly eating MandM's while watching a terrible sitcom. I was midway through the family-sized bag when my phone rang, jerking me away from my self-induced chocolate haze. My heart leapt in my throat when I saw Jackson's name flashing across the screen of my cell phone. I was surprised that his number was still the same. I had assumed that since he became a celebrity, he would have changed his cell phone number for the sake of privacy. That didn't stop me from keeping his number programmed in my phone all these years, as pathetic as it was.

I grabbed the phone and answered it, cursing my eagerness.

"Hello?" I said tentatively.

"Emma. I didn't think you would answer." Jackson sounded tired and relieved and my pulse quickened from hearing his voice.

"What do you want, Jackson?"

"I need to see you." He exhaled harshly. "I know I made an ass out of myself last time. I promise not to act like an animal again. We can meet in public, if that makes you feel better."

"Haven't we already said everything we need to? What's the point of dredging up the past?"

"You said you would answer my questions. I wasn't able to ask you everything I needed to last time because...I got carried away. Just one last time. Let's meet one last time, and then I'll leave you alone."

"Are you sure Candace is going to be okay with that?" I couldn't help myself from throwing out the barb, my tone catty and snide.

"All the stuff you see online and in tabloids is crap," Jackson replied flatly. "She's strictly a friend."

"Pictures don't lie, Jackson," I countered accusingly. "You two seemed pretty cozy. Shouldn't you try being faithful? You might like the novelty of it."

Jackson breathed in deeply, as if he was trying to reign in his temper. "Those were just some photo ops of us in the countries we visited during our promo tour. It's strictly professional."

I was afraid to agree to meet up with Jackson. Afraid of the feelings that would surface if I saw him again. I had fooled myself into believing I was over him, but our last encounter made me realize that five years wasn't enough to erase my feelings for him. I felt pathetic and vulnerable, realizing that even his infidelity didn't have the power to make me hate him.

"Please, Emma," Jackson pleaded softly when I didn't answer.

I should have refused. I should have demanded that he ask me the questions over the phone, that there was no need to meet in person. But my sick heart hungered to see him again. I promised myself that it would just be this one last time.

"Okay."

Jackson breathed a sigh of relief. "I get back into New York on Saturday morning. I can meet you at noon. Why don't we meet at Andrews, the coffee shop we used to go to in the East Village?"

The thought of our old coffee shop, where we had spent countless mornings eating greasy diner food and lingering over coffee was painful to remember, but I agreed. After I hung up the phone, I wondered if I was a masochist. It seemed as if I was running headfirst into heartbreak, but I was unable to stop myself.

The self-destructive behavior continued when I took the diamond pendant out of my jewelry box and fastened it around my neck again. I could never bring myself to sell it, even though it held painful memories. I slept restlessly that night, clutching the pendant in my hand and wishing that things could have turned out differently.

Drew stayed true to his word and we were able to strike up an easy friendship at work, despite Celeste's disappointment that we hadn't started dating. I was grateful for his guidance and advice, since he had a lot of knowledge that I was eager to tap into since he was a vice president at Forrester. Our promised lunch was a mixture of business and pleasure and I was surprised at how funny he was. I had always thought of Drew as serious, and even on our date he had seemed buttoned up, but now that the possibility of a dating relationship had passed he seemed relaxed and laid back.

Despite the distraction of work and Drew, the next few days seemed to crawl at a snail's pace and I kept wishing the hours would go by faster, yearning to see Jackson. I told myself it was because I was looking forward to finally getting closure on our relationship so that I could move on with my life, but I knew that was an excuse.

Saturday was sunny and hot and I dressed with more care than usual. I hoped my white shorts and blue oversized shirt with wedges made me look casual yet trendy. I didn't want Jackson to think I had put too much effort into my appearance, but I wanted his last encounter with me to make an impression. I had foolishly been wearing the diamond pendant since I had put it on the night of our phone conversation, but I made sure to take it off before leaving the apartment. The last thing I needed was for Jackson to see me wearing it, mortified that he would think I was still pining away for him.

I tried to remain calm when I climbed out of the cab in front of Andrews and saw Jackson standing in front of the diner. He was wearing another baseball cap, along with jeans and a green t-shirt. It was unfair that it took me so long to be satisfied with my appearance today yet Jackson looked amazing even though he had probably just thrown on clothes without a second thought.

"Hi," I said cautiously when I approached him, not knowing what the mood of our encounter would be today.

"Thanks for coming. I was afraid that you weren't going to show up." Jackson rocked back on his heels, looking uncomfortable as he rubbed the back of his neck with one hand. "Let's go inside."

Jackson opened the door and I was careful not to brush up against him when I walked past him. Stepping into Andrews brought back a rush of memories. The diner looked exactly the same as it had five years ago. Even the aroma of grease and coffee was the same. We settled in a booth in a quiet corner of the diner, away from prying eyes. The last thing I wanted was for someone to recognize Jackson and start snapping pictures. The advent of the camera phone made every citizen into potential paparazzi.

"Aren't you worried about being recognized? Maybe you should be wearing sunglasses."

Jackson gave a faint smile. "New York is much better than L.A. The paparazzi don't hound you as much and New Yorkers don't really seem to care much about celebrities."

"If you say so," I said skeptically. Despite the ennui that many New Yorkers portrayed, I had seen their eager stares that night at Eleven Madison Park and I had definitely seen their phones held up to take pictures.

A waitress stopped by to take our order and I saw that some things had changed at Andrews. Darcy, an older woman with a grey streaked bun and a wicked sense of humor had been our usual waitress, but now a twenty-something girl took our order with an air of boredom.

"I'll have a coffee."

"Aren't you eating?" Jackson asked with a frown.

I shook my head. "No, but you go ahead if you're hungry." I watched Jackson order a coffee along with a breakfast laden with cholesterol and fat. I wanted to make a joke after the waitress left about watching his waistline for all his adoring female fans, but I bit my lip. We weren't friends and I had to remember the circumstances that we were meeting under. We were former lovers that had hurt each other and were now simply trying to lay our past to rest.

I expected Jackson to launch into his questions, but he just gave me a grim smile, fiddling with his cup of coffee.

"You look tired," I commented when the silence grew to be too much. Jackson had dark circles under his eyes and looked exhausted.

"I just flew in from Japan and I'm fighting jet lag."

I raised my eyebrows as I took a sip of my coffee to have something to do. "I assumed you were in L.A. when you called me, and was flying in from there."

"No, I just finished my last round of promotions in Europe and Asia. Thankfully, now I can just have some time to myself."

"That's good." I cleared my throat, wanting to get this over with. The longer I was with Jackson, the more vulnerable I felt. "So, go ahead and ask your questions."

"Do you mind if we shelve that until after I eat? I'm exhausted and starving, and I don't think I can take a stressful conversation on an empty stomach." Jackson looked up from his coffee cup that he had been staring at. "For a little while, can we just pretend that we're two friends catching up on each other's lives? If this is the last time we see each other, I don't want it all to be bitterness and past regrets."

Jackson's request was dangerous. It was dangerous to forget that this was the man who had shattered my heart. But I couldn't deny his plea because I also hungered to just talk to him. Five years was a long time and I couldn't carry the burden of his infidelity forever.

"Okay," I agreed with a guarded smile.

Jackson's shoulders slackened as if tension had been released from his body. He gave me a genuine smile that reminded me so much of the old days that I felt an ache. "Great. Tell me why you moved back to New York."

"I got a job offer here and it was too good to pass up. I was working at an ad agency in D.C. but it was a much smaller company." I paused, not wanting to be the only one sharing details. "So, how does it feel being a big celebrity?"

The sound of Jackson's rumbling laughter made my chest tighten, the familiarity of it painful. It reminded me that there had been a time when we shared everything, and his laughter had been a constant in my life.

"It's not what I expected it to be. I wish I could act without the whole fame thing. It's tiring and it gets old really fast."

"Still, it must be nice to have the whole world in love with you. Just the other day, I overheard two women in a shoe store swooning over you."

Jackson's smile vanished and his face darkened. "It's an artificial life in an artificial world. People don't love me. They love the fantasy of me."

I nervously fidgeted with my coffee cup, not knowing how to respond to Jackson's glum outlook.

"Enough of my moaning about life as a celebrity," Jackson said. lightening the mood. He paused while our waitress set his plate full of eggs and breakfast meats on the table. "How do you like living on the Upper West Side? It's probably a big change from the East Village."

"It has a lot more families and a lot less hipsters. I like it. It's a lot cleaner, at least." I watched Jackson digging into his food with relish, jet lag seemingly not affecting his appetite. "What about you? Do you have a place in New York?"

"I do. It's easier than staying in a hotel room since I spend so much time here."

"I didn't realize that. Are you still friends with Nathan and Mia?" I had lost touch with both of them after Jackson and I had broken up, although Mia had made efforts to remain friends. It was just too hard and too painful to be reminded of Jackson and I had wanted to sever all ties.

"Yes. They actually both live in California now, but in San Francisco. Nathan's pretty big in the art world over there and Mia concentrates on writing instead of acting. They're actually a couple now although they claim they'll never get married."

"I always thought they would be great together," I said with a genuine smile. It made me happy to think that Nathan and Mia had finally realized that they cared about each other as more than just friends. It had always been apparent to everyone except them. "I'm happy to hear that."

"What about you? Are you with someone?" Jackson didn't look up from his plate as he asked the question.

Jackson's question made me uncomfortable and I decided I was done with pretending everything was okay between us. "Jackson, I don't think it's a good idea to talk about our dating life. We're fooling ourselves sitting here, making pleasantries. Please just ask me your questions."

Jackson sighed and leaned back, pushing his plate away from him. "Fine." He looked at me intently, as if he didn't want to miss a single reaction. "The other night at your apartment, you said you lied about leaving me because you wanted to be with Sean."

I nodded, not understanding why Jackson kept harping on this point. He should have been grateful that I had given him an out so that he could be with Claire. She had told me herself that they had realized they were in love once I was out of the picture. I was desperately curious about what had happened between them because it was obvious they weren't together now, but I would never give him the satisfaction of asking.

"That's the part I can't get over," Jackson said, looking pained, his hand on the table curling into a fist. "Did you actually love me or was our relationship a joke to you?"

"How can you even ask me that?" I asked in a strained voice. "I was moving to L.A. for you. I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you. But the guilt over Sean and you giving up your big break was making me crazy. Maybe it was selfish of me, but I couldn't carry the burden of that guilt."

Jackson rubbed his face with his hand, looking bleary-eyed. "What a waste. What a fucking waste. You just threw away everything we had because you were feeling guilty."

I felt anger start to rise at his accusatory tone. If it hadn't been for my guilt, I would never have found out about him and Claire. "Was there really much to throw away?"

"How can you say that?" Jackson hissed furiously. "We had everything and you just gave up on us!"

"I thought you were going to ask me new questions, not just rehash the old ones," I said coldly, stone-faced. "There's no point to this meeting if this is what our conversation is going to amount to."

"I want to know who told you about Claire."

I wanted to start laughing hysterically. "So we are just rehashing the same shit over and over again. I already told you who told me. She did! Is your memory that bad that you don't remember? Or was it that meaningless to you?" I would never forget the pain of hearing Jackson's voice in the background, and his refusal to talk to me. I had never believed him to be a coward, but he had proven to be one that day.

"When? When did she tell you?"

"That's it. I'm leaving." I moved to stand up, but Jackson grabbed my wrist, trapping me at the table. I glared at his hand on me. "So is this how you do it now? Are you so used to getting everything that you want, that you think it's perfectly acceptable to manhandle me?"

Jackson let go of my wrist but I didn't stand up. I noticed the curious glances of patrons near us and I didn't want to draw any more attention towards us.

"Just one night."

My head shot up to stare at him, not wanting to believe what I thought he meant. His green eyes glittered as his gaze bored into me, and I knew that I wasn't mistaken.

"You must be crazy if you think I'd let you touch me again."

"Think about it, Emma. Just one night to get each other out of our systems. I acted like a Neanderthal at your apartment the other night, but I know you felt something. We can just have one night to release us."

I shook my head, but I couldn't deny my body's response to his words. I felt tingles and my lower body clenched in anticipation. It was as if I was a drug addict salivating for my first fix in years. I prayed that my will was stronger than my physical desire.

"I don't think that's a good idea, Jackson. We'll just end up hurting each other again."

Jackson took my wrist again, but this time gently, rubbing his thumb over my sensitive pulse point. "Do you remember how good it was between us, sweetheart? I've never felt so alive as when I was inside you. We can have that for one more night. Just one night and we'll free ourselves from the ghosts of our past."

Jackson's endearment tore at me. I had hungered for the sound of his voice calling me sweetheart and finally hearing it weakened my resolve. Maybe this was what I needed to exorcise the demons. Being apart from him certainly hadn't lessened my desire for him. Maybe one night would satiate my need and free me, just as Jackson suggested. A part of me knew I was fooling myself. That I was making excuses and I was putting my heart in danger. But my desire was too great and I decided to ignore the warning voice inside my head.

"One night," I agreed softly, looking up at him. His grip on my wrist tightened and I saw desire harden his face.

"Let's get out of here." Jackson pulled out his wallet and threw some bills down on the check the waitress had dropped off earlier with the food.

"But...it's still daylight!" I protested, wanting the cover of night for our illicit agreement.

"I've waited five years," Jackson said, looking determined. "I'm not waiting a single goddamned minute more."

I let Jackson guide me out of the diner and into a cab, speechless as he told the cab driver to take us to the nearby W hotel in Union Square. I wondered why we weren't going to his apartment, or even mine, but I thought maybe Jackson was trying to keep this separate from our real lives. He was smart. He was thinking ahead about what would happen after today. It still stung a little to know that he didn't want me to enter any part of his world, including his apartment.

I stood silently beside Jackson as he asked for the biggest suite available and handed over his credit card, embarrassed that it would be obvious to the hotel clerk why we only wanted a room for one night with no luggage. The W hotel wasn't the type of place where you paid by the hour for discreet assignations. It was a lush and beautifully decorated hotel and I almost choked when I heard the clerk inform Jackson that the room rate for one night was almost two thousand dollars but he just nodded his approval. It made me realize the drastically different worlds we were living in, but I would forget about that for one day.

We were silent as the elevator quietly took us to the twentieth floor and I wordlessly watched Jackson open the room with the keycard. I marveled at the size and elegant design of the suite. You could fit my entire apartment in the suite three times and still have room to spare. The large glass windows looked out onto Union Square, the sun streaming in and making the space feel light and airy.

Jackson walked over to a bar tucked away in the corner and took off his cap, throwing it on top of the bar. He pulled out two glasses and filled them with vodka and tonic. He approached me with an intent look on his face, but he simply handed me a glass.

"Cheers," he said softly, gently clinking his glass against mine. I drank deeply, wanting the alcohol to give me courage because I could feel my apprehension growing. But I knew there was no way I was walking out the door now.

"Easy," Jackson soothed, pulling my glass down from my mouth before I drained it. "I'd hate for you to pass out and miss it all."

His soft smile made me forget everything except that I wanted him. Whether it was right or wrong, whether I was demeaning myself by giving my body to someone who had deceived me in the past, I was willing to forget all that for today.

Jackson set our glasses down on a nearby table and grasped both my hands, drawing me towards him.

"Emma-" he started, but I shook my head, silencing him.

"No words. Words just get us into trouble. Let's just feel today. It's enough."

Jackson complied, pulling me close and gently brushing my cheek with the back of his hand, but tenderness was the last thing I wanted from him now. I wanted him to be forceful like he had been before at my apartment. His gentleness would be my undoing.

So I took the initiative, grasping his neck with one hand and pulling his head down, not hesitating as I drew his mouth over mine. Jackson seemed to understand what I wanted as his tenderness dissolved into a ferocity as he devoured my mouth, our tongues tangling together in a seductive dance. He gripped the back of my head with one hand, trapping it for the onslaught of his mouth, and I shuddered, kissing him back just as hard.

I whimpered in protest when he broke the kiss but then moaned in pleasure when his lips trailed down my neck, leaving a damp path where his mouth had been. When Jackson grasped my buttocks and lifted me, I automatically wrapped my legs around him as he carried me into the bedroom. He laid me gently onto the bed and straightened, pulling his t-shirt over his head. I reached up, studying his sleek muscled chest with my hands. He had gotten harder over the past five years, more clearly defined. I reveled in the feeling of the smooth warmth of his skin stretched over steel, wanting to taste it. I leaned up and flicked my tongue over his flat nipple, satisfaction rippling through me when Jackson groaned. When I continued working my mouth down to his stomach, Jackson gently pulled away and I looked up at him, confused.

"Sweetheart, I'm about to lose it in my jeans right now, so I suggest I take the lead, otherwise this is going to be over really quick."

My chest squeezed at his endearment and I pulled his head down, hungrily kissing him as I ran my hands down his back. I wanted to silence his words. I didn't want to pretend that we were something we weren't.

Jackson grasped the bottom of my shirt, breaking the kiss as he pulled it over my head. His eyes flared as he looked down at me and I flushed when he pulled one of the cups of my bra down, exposing an aching hard nipple. He ran his thumb over the stiff peak and I mewled at the arrow of pleasure that went through me. He gazed at me, his eyes locking with mine.

"I'm not dreaming, am I?"

I shook my head, reaching my arms behind me to unhook my bra, freeing my breasts heavy with arousal. Jackson's eyes glittered as he drank me in, the rosy tips of my breasts hardening even more under his gaze.

"Please," I said, pulling his head towards my nipples, crying out when he captured one in his hot mouth, tugging hard, making wetness rush in between my legs. He suckled my nipple, laving his tongue around the aching nub while he rolled my other nipple between his fingers, making me lift my hips in a wordless plea. Jackson took the invitation, moving his lips down my body and sliding my shorts and panties down my legs, tossing them aside.

He languorously licked the crease where my thigh met my hip and my wet core flexed convulsively, anticipating the approach of his mouth. My legs came together of their own accord, the promise of pleasure almost too painful to bear. Jackson gently pulled them apart, pinning them against the bed so that I was laid fully bare to him.

Jackson watched me as he flicked the swollen center of my arousal with his tongue and I couldn't contain my cry. He slowly inserted a finger into me, my wetness giving him easy passage, as he continued suckling on my aroused bud. My hips shot off the bed and I made sounds of desperation as I felt the tension mounting, taking me to the brink. When Jackson inserted another finger inside me and started thrusting in and out as he continued his assault with his mouth, I couldn't take any more and keened in pleasure, almost sobbing from the sensations flowing through me. Jackson gripped my hip with his free hand to keep me in place and continued to thrust into me with his fingers, his mouth still latched onto my swollen bud until the last waves of release passed through me.

I tried to catch my breath, feeling as if I now wanted to sob with pain instead of pleasure. The rightness of Jackson being between my legs, loving me with his mouth, was almost too much to bear because I knew that love was fleeting.

Jackson saved me from thinking, stretching up to kiss me gently. I kissed him back thoroughly, the taste of myself on his mouth arousing me. I reached down, unbuttoning his jeans and undoing the zipper, pulling his jeans down as much as I could along with his underwear.

"Let me help you with that," Jackson said with a grin, standing momentarily to peel off the rest of his clothes. I caught my breath at the beautiful sight of Jackson naked before me. His body was a study of masculine perfection, only surpassed by his heartbreakingly beautiful face. His erection jutted out impressively and my legs parted in response. Even though Jackson was smiling, I could tell he was straining to take things slow.

"Jackson," I breathed softly. "I need you inside of me."

Jackson jaw tightened as he grabbed my hips, lifting them from the bed. "Sweetheart, I promised myself I would go slow but I don't think I can."

I saw a muscle in his cheek twitch and I could see the corded muscles in his arms straining against his desire. I reached up, stroking his cheek with my hand and he leaned into my caress, closing his eyes. "I don't want you to go slow. I need you so badly."

Jackson groaned as he opened his eyes, his gaze pinning me as he guided the head of his erection into my wet folds. I gasped as he started to stretch me. It had been a long time since my last sexual encounter and I was tight even though I was dripping wet. I saw Jackson struggling to slow down as he felt the resistance, but I needed to feel possessed by him so I raised my hips, pushing him in deeper.

"Emma," he rasped. "Careful, you're too tight. We need to go slow or I'm going to hurt you."

"Please, Jackson," I begged, wanting the discomfort as much as the pleasure. Anything to have him fully sheathed inside of me. I lifted my hips again, pushing him in more, and Jackson lost it. He plunged the rest of the way into me, entering so deeply into me that I felt that head of his shaft hit the end of me. I cried out, pain mixing with pleasure.

"Shit. Are you okay?"

I wrapped my legs around Jackson, the discomfort fading until I just felt the fullness of him. "I'm more than okay. Fuck me, Jackson."

Jackson groaned as he started moving inside of me, thrusting in and out of me with a force that had the headboard slamming against the wall. He trapped my hands above my head with his, pumping his hips fiercely as he slammed into me again and again, until I felt the pressure mounting deep inside me. I was on the brink of climax when I made a horrified sound.

"What is it?" Jackson bit out through gritted teeth, the strain of stopping making him tremble. "Am I hurting you?"

"A condom!" I gasped, not believing that we had forgotten such an important detail. "You're not wearing a condom."

Jackson shook his head. "I can't stop now to put on a damn rubber." He was already starting to move inside me again and despite my horror at our carelessness, my body was still responding.

"Jackson." It was an effort to speak, my words interspersed with mewling sounds of pleasure, my body intent on finding its release. "I'm on the pill but we should still be safe." I didn't know what exactly Jackson had been up to these past few years, but the little I had glimpsed in the tabloids was enough to make me want Jackson wearing a condom.

"Sweetheart, I'm clean. I can't stop now. It...feels...too...damn...good." Jackson was straining even more and I knew he was close. I decided to throw caution to the wind and accept that we weren't using a condom, but I still wanted to make at least one concession to safety even if it wasn't foolproof.

"Just...just pull out when you come," I said, gasping as Jackson continued thrusting inside of me. He stilled at my words, his arms trembling on either side of me as they supported his weight. Jackson had a savage look on his face as his piercing eyes gazed into mine.

"I can't," he said desperately, looking wild. "I need to come inside of you. I need to be a part of you."

"Jackson-"

He leaned down, burying his head in my neck. "Sweetheart, please. I need you to be mine, if only for today."

My heart ached at his words, feeling him tremble from the effort of not continuing to thrust into me. I told myself I was foolish, stupid and careless. But that didn't stop me from moving my hips beneath him as my answer, tightening my muscles around his hard length.

Jackson groaned as he started pumping his hips again, impaling me over and over with his erect shaft until I felt my muscles convulsing around him, taking me over the crest as I cried out in pleasure. Jackson had stilled during my climax and only started moving again after my last shudder, plunging deeply in me again and again, sweat rolling off of him until he threw back his head, making deep guttural sounds. Despite my earlier concerns, I found myself wrapping my legs around him and milking his shaft, not wanting to lose a single drop of him.

He collapsed on top of me and I smoothed my hands down his sweaty back, caressing him as we were still intimately joined. I couldn't explain the pleasure I felt knowing that he had come inside of me, wanting to keep us connected for as long as possible. Jackson seemed to feel the same way because when he rolled off me and onto his back, he took me with him so I was draped over him, still impaled by his shaft. We didn't speak as we lay together, Jackson gently brushing my back as I ran my fingers down his chest. We were both lost in our own thoughts. I wondered what Jackson was thinking about but was too afraid to ask. I was afraid to say anything that would break the spell that had seemed to stop time, to allow us these precious hours to forget the pain we had caused each other.

Chapter Sixteen

When we finally stirred, it was to take a languid shower together, relearning the planes of each other's bodies. Afterwards, we wrapped ourselves in robes supplied by the hotel and ordered room service. By an unspoken agreement, we didn't talk about anything having to do with our past relationship. Jackson told me about his latest movie and some of the near scrapes he had gotten into by doing some of his own stunts. He also told me about all the countries he had been to while shooting his past films. His stories made me realize that he lived in a world I was totally unfamiliar with, filled with famous people and adventures reserved only for the rich. It was sometimes easy to forget that Jackson was a celebrity and I reminded myself that he was no longer my Jackson, but Jackson Reynard. He didn't belong to me, he belonged to the world.

Jackson took a deep interest in what I had been doing over the past five years and I filled him in, although my stories were a lot less exciting than his were. I was relieved that Jackson didn't broach the subject of relationships again. I didn't need to know about all the beautiful women he had been with these past five years, and I didn't want him to know about the woefully empty personal life I had led, with only a couple of half-hearted relationships that hadn't developed into anything serious.

"Let's take a bath," Jackson suggested, standing and holding out his hand to me. I hesitated, checking the time on the wall clock. The longer I stayed here, the harder it would be to leave. We were weaving together a fantasy world that would be shattered when reality set in.

"Jackson, it's almost six o'clock. Maybe I should leave. It's going to get...too complicated the longer I stay."

Jackson grabbed my hand, pulling me up from the sofa. He cradled my head in his hands, leaning down to kiss me gently. "You promised me one night. I want you next to me tonight. We have the rest of our lives to be apart."

I was helpless against his request and allowed him to pull me into the bathroom, which looked more like a spa. Jackson flicked on a switch and a light steam immediately began filling the room. I blinked as I marveled at our own private sauna. The bath was actually a Jacuzzi and I relaxed in the warm bubbling water, my back against Jackson's front. It felt sinfully arousing being surrounded by the hot water and Jackson's warmth, his hands making their way down my body, stopping to tease my nipples. I arched against his hand as he rolled my aroused peaks between his fingers. I tensed in anticipation as his hands drifted lower and he wrapped his legs around mine, spreading my legs apart so that I was fully exposed.

"Touch yourself, sweetheart," he whispered against my ear. "Let me see you touch yourself."

Jackson could have asked me to do almost anything at that point and I would have complied. I lowered a hand, playing with my aroused clit, the pleasure multiplied by knowing Jackson was watching me. I heard his breathing grow ragged as I closed my eyes, rubbing my most sensitive spot with more pressure as I moaned. He lifted his hips and hooked his feet around the edge of the tub so that my throbbing center was raised above the water. I dipped my fingers inside my moistness, lubricating them with my arousal, and then continued manipulating myself. I could feel Jackson grow hard against my buttocks, his fingers twisting my aching nipples, as my body grew as taut as a bow.

"That's it, sweetheart. Let me see you make yourself come. Think about me sucking on your clit, about me licking your pussy. Think about how hard I'm going to fuck you when you're done. That's it, baby. That's it."

Jackson continued whispering encouraging words in my ear as my fingers became frantic against my swollen bud, his raspy voice telling me what he was going do to me, taking me close to the edge.

Finally, I couldn't take the sensations anymore and I bowed my back, crying out loudly as my climax shuddered through me. Jackson kept his legs wrapped around mine, keeping them spread far apart, with my convulsing center raised above the water, intensifying my orgasm. He kissed me gently on the side of my head when I went limp in his arms, collapsing against him as he lowered us back into the water. I thought my climax was over but a last shudder went through my body when he lifted my hand, taking my fingers into his warm mouth and licking off my wetness.

"Do you ever think about me when you're touching yourself?" Jackson asked, his voice low and raspy. I stilled, his words too close to the truth for comfort. I didn't want to admit how often I had imagined Jackson's mouth and hands on me, inside of me, as I brought myself to climax. I didn't want him to know about the gut-wrenching loneliness I felt when I was done, having to face the reality of being alone in my bedroom. So I just turned around, kneeling between Jackson's spread legs. I stroked his rock hard shaft beneath the water, staring into the dark green depth of his eyes.

"We need to get out of the water so I can suck your cock."

Jackson groaned at my words and he stood, lifting me up with him. Water slicked off our bodies as he lifted me out of the tub, the bathroom warm and misty from the steam. Jackson dragged a plush bath mat over and then leaned against the sink, looking down at me, his face hard with desire. Yet he still was able to lift one corner of his mouth in a rueful smile. "You don't have to ask me twice."

I kneeled down in front of him on the bath mat, grasping his erection at the root. Jackson breathed in sharply when I licked the head of his shaft, his eyes drifting closed as his head fell back. I slowly took him deeply into my mouth, sucking and licking his hard length as if I couldn't get enough of him.

"Yes, sweetheart," Jackson muttered, his hips bucking against my mouth. "That feels so fucking good."

I continued bobbing my head up and down, taking him inside my mouth so deeply that I felt him hit the back of my throat and then go even further. I choked briefly and stamped down my gag reflex, wanting to give him as much pleasure as possible as I sucked him frenetically, my cheeks hollowing out with the pressure. His erection was like silken steel in my mouth and I reveled in his uncontrollable reactions to my caresses. I whimpered as I quickened the pace, feeling my answering wetness between my thighs.

I looked up at Jackson to find him watching me, a feral look on his face as he stared down at me, his face strained with arousal. One hand was wrapped around my hair and I felt his grasp tighten as his eyes bored into mine until I felt his shaft jerk, pumping his hot release into my mouth. Jackson's eyes closed, his lips stretching against his teeth as he yelled out a guttural moan, his hand in my hair holding my mouth prisoner to the spurts of his climax. But I wasn't trying to go anywhere. I greedily swallowed the saltiness of him and lapped up the remaining drops glistening on the head of his shaft. After Jackson's last convulsion, he leaned down and wrapped a hand on each of my upper arms, drawing me to my feet. He leaned down, burying his face in my hair, not saying a word. I wrapped my arms around his neck, feeling him breathe in deeply. After a few moments, he pulled back, searching my face. I didn't understand his somber look after such a satisfying experience, but I didn't ask him what he was thinking. I didn't want to know.

We pulled on our robes again, padding into the living room. I turned on the television to fill the silence, Jackson's solemn mood making me uncomfortable. We sat there watching TV and I couldn't help but marvel at how normal the scene looked. We were both sitting on the sofa and Jackson had my hand in his lap, gently stroking my palm with his thumb. We looked like any couple relaxing after a vigorous and satisfying bout of lovemaking, but I felt anything but relaxed. I tensed even more when a commercial came on for Jackson's new movie. Crossing Wires. A montage of scenes flitted across the screen and I couldn't help feeling a hard ball of resentment in the pit of my stomach when I saw Jackson and Candace Stile embracing one another in a passionate kiss.

I pulled my hand off Jackson's lap and saw him watching me. I wondered if he was telling the truth about Candace or if there was something more than friendship and a professional relationship between them. Jackson didn't have the best track record when it came to fidelity.

"There's nothing between us. I told you that. Candace and I are just friends."

I shrugged, not wanting Jackson to think I wanted an explanation of their relationship. "It doesn't matter."

Jackson sighed deeply and reached over to grab the room service menu, apparently dismissing the topic. "Are you hungry? We can order room service again."

I bit my lip, deciding to let the topic of Candace go. I was right when I told Jackson it didn't matter, although my heart didn't agree. "I thought you knew I was always hungry. It must be a change from all the anorexic models you're around," I said in a teasing voice, wanting to lighten the mood.

Jackson smiled in return. "It's nice to be around a woman who orders more than a lettuce leaf. We can order tons of food and sicken ourselves with gluttony."

I laughed at Jackson's eager expression, the boyishness of his enthusiasm reminding me of the Jackson I used to know. We perused the menu and then Jackson ordered enough food for an army. I flicked through the movies on demand as we waited for our food to arrive, stopping on Negative Exposure, Jackson's first movie.

"Should we watch this?" I asked with a smile. "I hear the leading man is to die for."

Jackson grinned but shook his head. "The last thing I want to see is my ugly mug tonight." He hesitated before continuing. "Have you seen it?"

"Sorry. I thought it was best if I didn't see any of your movies because of our...complicated past." Jackson nodded in understanding, and I glanced back at the TV, trying to reconcile the fact that the grim-faced man on the screen was the same Jackson sitting next to me. The Jackson beside me seemed like the old Jackson. My Jackson. "How were you able to get the part back? I was surprised they took you back after you just quit and left."

"Do you remember Mark, my agent? He did a lot of groveling, promising that it would never happen again. They also cut my salary." Jackson shrugged, taking the remote and changing the channel so that his image was no longer on the screen. "I really didn't care at that point. It was all Mark's wheeling and dealing."

The conversation was coming dangerously close to what had happened between us in the past so I changed the subject. "What are you working on next?"

"I have a few offers but I haven't accepted anything yet. I've been working non-stop since Negative Exposure and I think it's time to take a break."

We were interrupted by the arrival of room service and I gaped at all the dishes as Jackson signed for it. I looked at him when he walked back into the living room after the hotel employee left. "Okay, even I think this is a ridiculous amount of food. There's no way we can finish this."

Jackson winked at me as we settled into the sofa instead of the dining room. It felt much more comfortable and cozy to eat in the living room with the room service cart wheeled in front of us. "You have to keep your strength up. I have plans for you later tonight."

I rolled my eyes but felt my body tighten in anticipation. I couldn't seem to get enough of Jackson. I had never felt this constant state of arousal with anyone else and I wanted to get my fill tonight. It would need to last me a lifetime.

We watched a light comedy instead of Jackson's movie while we ate, the ridiculous hijinks of the characters making me laugh and relax. I gladly followed Jackson into the bedroom as the hour grew late, reveling in his mind-blowing ministrations of pleasure.

Afterwards, we lay in bed cradled together with my back against Jackson's front, his arms wrapped around me. I didn't want to fall asleep because I knew it would make morning come quicker. And morning would mean us parting. Jackson didn't fall asleep either. He was still brushing his lips against my neck and caressing my hip with his hand when my eyes fluttered closed, exhaustion finally taking over.

I was disoriented the next morning when I opened my eyes, scanning my surroundings. I felt extremely warm and realized that Jackson was still wrapped around me. I turned around in his arms and saw him watching me, a small smile on his lips. Despite his smile, he looked tired and worn out and I wondered if he had gotten any sleep.

"Good morning, sweetheart."

"Good morning," I replied, my voice hoarse from just waking up. As much as I wanted to melt against him, I needed to start putting distance between us now. It was the only way I could walk away.

I broke the circle of his embrace, watching a frown flit across his face as I rose, grabbing my robe from the floor and shrugging it on.

"Do you want breakfast?" Jackson asked, still lying in bed. The sheet was draped across his hips, his muscled chest a stark contrast to the white sheets. His dark hair was disheveled and he had a shadow of a beard on his face. He looked rakishly handsome and totally irresistible. I definitely needed to make my escape as soon as possible.

"No, I think I overdid it with dinner last night. I'm going to take a quick shower and then I should go."

Jackson's jaw tightened as he rose from the bed and I had to force myself not to lower my gaze on his naked body. I waited for him to protest but he just nodded his head abruptly, stalking out of the bedroom. I couldn't help watching him walk away, the muscles in his legs and buttocks flexing as he stormed out.

I sighed and entered the bathroom, taking a quick shower and pulling on my clothes from the day before except for my panties which I shoved into my pocket. I felt exposed wearing shorts with no underwear, especially since they were so short and white, but my panties had gotten soaked with my arousal.

When I left the bedroom, Jackson was sitting at the breakfast table wearing his clothes from yesterday, including his cap that he wore low so I couldn't get a good read of his expression. He was drinking a cup of coffee and motioned towards the kitchen. "There's more coffee if you want it." His voice was expressionless, showing neither anger nor sadness. His nonchalant attitude helped me shore up my defenses, telling myself it was good to end this with no emotion.

"No thanks. I should get going." I walked over to Jackson and stopped next to the table, trying to formulate what to say next. I grew nervous as Jackson continued sitting there, not raising his head. His face was blocked from view by the bill of his cap and I had no idea what he was feeling.

"I...I hope everything goes well for you," I stammered, grasping at the right words to say. I forced a laugh. "Maybe I'll start going to see your movies now. Just one more ticket to help boost your box office profits, although I doubt you'll need it." I grew more nervous as Jackson didn't respond, didn't even look up.

"Well...bye, Jackson," I said softly, not wanting to continue talking to a non-responsive statue.

"Bye, Emma," Jackson replied quietly, his voice still devoid of any emotion. I turned around, picked up my purse and left, shutting the door softly behind me. Our parting this morning was not what I had expected. A small part of me had been anticipating Jackson begging me to stay, telling me that he was sorry for what he had done to me in the past, and that he wanted to be with me. I laughed humorlessly as the elevator whisked me down to the lobby, feeling foolish about my hopes. Jackson Reynard had gotten exactly what he wanted and now he was through with me. He had played the part of doting lover yesterday and I had participated in the ruse. I didn't blame him for it, we had both been pretending, but now it was time for reality.

There was a chill in the morning air even though it was the beginning of August and I shivered in my inadequate clothing. The cab ride was mercifully quick as the streets were empty this Sunday morning. There was a quietness to the city, as if it were still asleep, which added to my melancholy. It was as if the city sensed my dejected mood and was matching my emotion.

I spent the rest of the day in my apartment, torturing myself by ordering Negative Exposure through an online movie rental site. I could understand why Jackson had shot to fame after this movie. He was amazing in it, a conflicted hero with a troubled past, struggling to make moral decisions against a tide of government corruption. It was an exciting movie with a lot of action, but what drew me in were the quiet moments, when Jackson's character wrestled with making the right choices. His stark desperation seemed real and I could see the pain in his eyes when he realized his mistakes. He had a love interest in the movie, Mason Jennings, a breathtakingly beautiful brunette. I couldn't help feeling jealous when I watched their love scenes, even though I knew it wasn't real. Before, when I had seen Jackson and Claire kissing during their play, I had naively just smiled, proclaiming that they were just acting. Now I knew it had been more than that.

When Mason Jennings' character turned out to be a traitor working for the corrupt government, I couldn't help but feel a sense of satisfaction at Jackson's betrayal, even if it was his fictional character that was duped. I watched the movie multiple times, drinking in the sight of Jackson, knowing that I was being self-destructive.

I felt pathetic when I jumped every time my phone rang, but Jackson never called. Days blended into weeks and by the time the crisp autumn air descended on New York, I was back in a routine and not checking my phone compulsively. I had stopped looking up Jackson online and studiously avoided any entertainment news shows, but I couldn't help catching glances of him on magazine covers. There were reports that there was trouble in Jackson's relationship with Candace with rumors that they had split.

It was a gusty autumn morning when I passed by a newsstand on my way to work and saw a picture of Jackson on the front cover of a gossip magazine, his head down and his hands in his pockets with the headline Jackson Reynard depressed and heartbroken? emblazoned on the front.

I couldn't resist picking up the magazine, jolted by the fact that the picture looked as if it were taken in New York. I wondered if he was back, not knowing how recent the picture had been taken. I flipped through the pages until I got to the article about Jackson. Apparently, he had been spotted in various locations throughout New York, looking forlorn and depressed. It fueled the gossip that he and Candace Stile had broken up, although their publicists had denied them ever having been together. According to the magazine, the pictures of Jackson had been taken recently and my pulse quickened at the thought of Jackson in New York.

I sighed, dismayed that I was still fixated on Jackson. I forced myself to put the magazine down, dodging the censorious glance of the newsstand owner when I didn't buy the magazine.

Work was a welcome distraction, as was Drew's invitation to lunch. We had grown even closer over the last few weeks and I was grateful for his friendship.

We decided to take a leisurely lunch instead of a quick bite since we both had open afternoons. Celeste booked a table for us at an upscale seafood restaurant nearby and I breathed a sigh of relief when we settled in at our table, the murmurings of business lunches around us filling the large space.

"It feels nice to actually catch my breath and eat a decent meal," I said wryly after we had ordered. "Much better than downing a sandwich while looking over market reports."

"It's good to get away from the office sometimes," Drew agreed. "Especially with Celeste breathing down my neck all the time. The floodgates seemed to have opened ever since I asked her about you, and now she thinks she has a right to know about my personal life." Drew grinned wryly. "Just yesterday she was asking me if I got enough fiber in my diet."

I burst out laughing, shaking my head at Celeste's typical behavior. Drew was right about Celeste invading his private life. She had previously respected the boundaries Drew had drawn in their professional relationship, but even I had noticed the change in him since we had first met. He was much more laid back and less intense, willing to let little things go with an indulgent smile. Celeste insisted she had never seen Drew like this, and she was convinced that I had something to do with the change, but I believed it had more to do with Celeste barreling into his life. Now that the nature of their relationship had changed, Celeste was able to breathe life into his somewhat stolid lifestyle.

I felt a shadow pass over us and I looked up, expecting to see the waiter with our food. My smile disappeared when I saw Jackson staring at me, looking unamused. Despite my shock, I drank in the sight of him greedily. He was wearing dark grey pants that were tailored perfectly for his body and a black belt showing off his flat stomach. His crisp white oxford shirt displayed his broad shoulders, a contrast to his tanned skin. A lock of dark brown hair fell on his forehead, above piercing green eyes that pinned me to my seat.

"Emma," he bit out, a muscle twitching in his cheek. "This is a surprise."

"Jackson," I said, trying to gain control of my emotions. "I...didn't expect to see you again."

Jackson glanced at Drew, whose eyebrows were raised in surprise. It was obvious that Drew recognized Jackson. Actually, it was glaringly obvious that everyone around us recognized Jackson. The tables around us had quieted as people leaned in eagerly to overhear our conversation. Jackson was right about New Yorkers. They didn't flock to celebrities but they couldn't hide their avid interest.

"That's apparent," Jackson said flatly, as his gaze settled back on me.

"Well...it was good seeing you," I stammered, wanting Jackson to leave our table as quickly as possible.

Jackson cocked an eyebrow in challenge. "Aren't you going to introduce us?"

Drew cleared his throat and stood, drawing both of our gazes to him. His surprise over recognizing Jackson had disappeared, replaced with a look of speculation.

"I'm Drew Stephens," he said as he held out his hand, looking at Jackson with a less than approving look. It was hard to miss Jackson's antagonistic tone.

"We work together," I chimed in quickly as I watched Jackson stiffly take Drew's hand. I couldn't help comparing the two as they stood across from each other. Jackson was taller but Drew was wider, as brawny as Jackson was leanly muscled. Drew looked decidedly masculine with broad features that conveyed a sense of power and control. Jackson was pure male beauty, his straight nose and firm full lips gracing a face that radiated intelligence and intensity. They were polar opposites and were now staring each other down.

"Jackson Reynard," he said shortly, looking back down at me when their hands dropped. "Emma and I are...old friends."

He said the last two words suggestively and I felt my temper rise. We had said our goodbyes last month and I didn't want him here now, making my emotions tilt out of control. He had no right to invade my life and embarrass me in front of Drew.

"Yes, Jackson and I knew each other a long time ago," I said in a sickly sweet voice. "I was friends with his girlfriend, Claire."

Jackson drew in a sharp breath, looking thunderous as he grabbed my wrist. "We need to talk."

Drew stepped forward, but I shook my head, pleading with my eyes for him to not make the situation worse. I shifted my gaze back to Jackson, glaring at him.

"You're making a scene," I hissed, painfully aware of the growing stares. I even saw a waiter stop in his tracks, blatantly watching us.

"It's up to you," Jackson said grimly. "We can do this here or we can do this in private."

Jackson's ruthless expression made me believe him. He would make a scene in public regardless of the repercussions. I stood resignedly, looking apologetically at Drew.

"I'm sorry, Drew. I need to take a rain check on lunch." I glared at Jackson before continuing. "I need to settle some things with Jackson."

"Are you sure, Emma?" Drew asked, looking concerned and ignoring Jackson's darkening face. "You don't have to go anywhere you don't want to."

I mustered up a smile for Drew, wanting to get out of the restaurant as fast as possible. I could feel the heavy stares on us. "It's fine, Drew. Jackson and I just had a disagreement that we need to discuss. I'll see you at work later."

Drew nodded, not looking convinced, as Jackson drew me away, his hand still manacled around my wrist.

"Slow down!" I hissed, having to run to keep up with Jackson's pace. "You're drawing attention to us!"

I was aware of a man appearing out of nowhere with a camera as Jackson hailed a cab, my wrist still trapped in his grasp. I turned my face quickly as I heard the shutter of a camera, relieved when Jackson opened the door of the cab, pushing me inside. He climbed in after me, seemingly oblivious to the cameras beside the cab as he muttered an address to the driver that I didn't hear. I was too busy burying my face in my hands as cameras clicked on the other side of the window, the lone paparazzi having been joined by others.

"Why are you doing this to me?" I whispered, not looking up. "Haven't you already done enough? Can't you leave me in peace?"

I raised my head when Jackson didn't answer. He was looking straight ahead and his profile looked like it was made out of granite, hard and unyielding. I didn't ask Jackson where we were going because I wasn't sure if he would have even answered. I tensed when I realized we were headed toward Jackson's old neighborhood. I didn't think he was taking me to Andrews since that was public as well. I didn't understand why we were going there.

I finally found my voice when the cab stopped in front of Jackson's old building and the driver sped away after Jackson paid him.

"What are we doing here?"

"We need somewhere private to talk where everyone's not fucking staring at us," he answered harshly. I could feel his rage simmering beneath the surface but I didn't understand its cause.

He had never released my wrist and I let him pull me into the building. I didn't think Jackson had kept his old apartment, but then it was probably nothing to someone like Jackson to have empty apartments sitting around.

My lips parted in surprise when I saw Sam at the front desk, looking exactly the same as he did five years ago. He greeted Jackson as if seeing him was a usual occurrence, but his eyebrows rose when he saw me.

"Emma!" he exclaimed warmly. "What a nice surprise to see you!"

"It's good to see you too, Sam," I responded with a genuine smile. I was surprised that he remembered me. "It's been a long time."

I wasn't able to hear his response as Jackson dragged me to the elevator, furiously punching the button as if it had done him some personal harm. When we stepped inside the elevator, I wrenched my hand away, rubbing my wrist where Jackson had squeezed so tightly.

"What is wrong with you!" I yelled, looking at Jackson as if he had lost his mind. "Are you possessed? You're acting crazy!"

My bravado disappeared as Jackson crowded me into the corner of the elevator. "Are you fucking him?"

I stared up at Jackson, shocked by his question and the ferocity of his tone. Jackson reached up, grabbing my arm and shaking me roughly. There was no gentleness in his touch or expression. "Answer me!"

I shook my head, my momentary fear replaced with anger. "You are crazy. Or is this how you think you're allowed to behave because you're rich and famous? Other people might put up with your sense of entitlement, but not me. Get the hell away from me."

I pushed against his chest but Jackson was an unmovable force. He sneered at my attempt to push him away and opened his mouth to speak, but the chime of the elevator indicating we had reached the sixteenth floor interrupted him. He grabbed my wrist again and I let him lead me to his apartment. I was going to have to let this play out for Jackson to leave me alone and it was better to do it in the privacy of his apartment. Even though I could feel the violence of Jackson's anger, I knew that he would never hurt my physically. The emotional pain was what I was frightened about.

My mind blanked when I stepped inside the apartment after Jackson had unlocked the door. Goosebumps raised on my arms as I gazed around the apartment, feeling as if I had been transported back in time. The apartment looked exactly the same as it had five years ago. All the furniture we had picked out together was still arranged in the same way, but it was more than that. It looked as if Jackson and I were still living here, as if we had just left to run some errands and were returning any minute. My blue sweater that I always draped over the back of the couch in case I got cold was there, as well as my barrette that I routinely left on the coffee table in case I wanted to clip my bangs out of my face while watching TV. Next to the barrette was a copy of The Way We Were, the case ajar as if it had just been watched. I remembered the countless times I made Jackson watch the sappy movie, tearing up at the end and then laughing as he kissed my tears away.

I picked up a framed picture of us on a side table. We had asked a bystander to take a picture of us by the John Lennon memorial in Central Park and I had lovingly placed it on the table, feeling as if my father was in the picture with us.

I looked up to see Jackson watching me, an unreadable expression on his face. I didn't want what to feel as I continued to explore the apartment, noticing all the little details that had been kept perfectly intact. It was eerie to see my belongings scattered about as if I still lived there. I half-expected to bump into myself when I rounded the corner and entered the bedroom. If the living room had shocked me, the bedroom rendered me speechless.

The bedroom looked exactly as it had five years ago with two exceptions. The first were the pictures of me crowded on top of the dresser, pictures Jackson had taken during our relationship years ago. I looked happy in some, somber in others, but there were dozens of them, filling the surface of the dresser.

The other exception was the filmy black skirt lying on the bed, the one I had worn when I had met Jackson for my first training session at the gym. When we had first slept together. Jackson had always joked that he was keeping it as a souvenir whenever I wondered aloud where it was, and I had eventually forgotten about it. It was now draped across the bed, an eerie reminder of what had happened long ago.

I heard a sound behind me and I turned around, finding Jackson standing at the doorway to the bedroom.

"We should talk in the living room," he said tightly, his voice thick with emotion. I wordlessly followed him and sat on the couch, not knowing what to say. He sat down on the couch too, but with enough distance between us to let me know that he was feeling discomfited as well.

"I should explain about the apartment," he started, staring down at his hands clasped before him. "I...I didn't know what to do with all your stuff when you didn't come to L.A. We had already shipped everything to California, but I couldn't stand the constant reminders of you. It was too painful. You never contacted me, wanting your stuff back. So I just had it shipped back here."

I hadn't dared contact Jackson again after the conversation with Claire. I hadn't cared about my belongings that I had sent over to L.A. since they were mostly impersonal things. I had taken the pictures of my father with me to Maryland when visiting Sean, and those were the only things I really cared about. That and the diamond pendant Jackson had given me.

"But," I said, finally finding my voice, "it's like we're still living here. It's not as if my things are in boxes. If I didn't know better, I would think we were in some time warp."

Jackson laughed humorlessly, finally looking up and making eye contact. He looked pained as he spoke. "I wasn't thinking when I dragged you here. I was too angry to think about what your reaction would be to this apartment. I was in a sick place when we broke up. I wasn't thinking straight. Negative Exposure was a godsend because it let me escape my mind while I was playing my character. But it wasn't enough of a distraction. I was going crazy and somehow replicating this apartment like it used to be helped me. And once I was finished...I just never changed it."

I breathed in deeply, Jackson's words impacting me acutely. Despite cheating on me with Claire, and her insistence that they were in love, Jackson seemed to have been in as much pain as I had been after our breakup. Maybe he had realized he had made a huge mistake by cheating on me, just like I had realized it had been a huge mistake to leave him.

"I didn't come here to talk about the apartment," Jackson said, his voice steely again. The man who had looked abashed while explaining the apartment had vanished. "I came here to find out if you're fucking that asshole you work with."

My pain at realizing that Jackson had suffered as much as I had dissipated into a haze of anger at his words. I was foolish being sucked into the regrets of the past. At present, I had a large angry man in front of me who had the audacity to believe he could demand answers from me.

"What right do you have to ask me that?" I asked with a sneer. "I don't owe you any explanations."

Jackson grabbed my shoulders, shaking me so hard that my teeth almost rattled. "You owe me everything!" he snarled. He clutched me closer to him, his eyes as hard as glass. "You're mine and no one else is going to fucking touch you."

He slammed his mouth against mine, pressing down painfully until I finally opened my mouth. He forcefully sucked my tongue into his mouth and I moaned when he bit down, not sure if it was from pleasure or pain. I pushed against his shoulders, trying to stop this before it got out of hand, but it was like pushing against a mountain and expecting it to move.

Jackson held my head in place with his hands, making a sound of frustration when I was finally able to close my mouth against his, pressing my lips together tightly.

"Open your mouth," he muttered, slanting his lips over mine, his hands in my hair fisting in impatience when I refused. His voice was both taunting and thick with desire when he spoke. "Fine. If that's the way you want to play it."

I was shocked when he reached under my skirt abruptly, grabbing the edges of my panties and ripping them down. He shoved my skirt up to bare me completely and he curled his lip in triumph when he stroked one finger down my cleft.

"You're dripping wet. I know your body wants me, no matter what you say."

I stared at him, not recognizing the man before me. He seemed more animal than human, intent on marking his territory.

"Jackson, don't. Not like this," I whispered.

His nostrils flared, his expression darkening even more. "Don't ever deny me, Emma. You belong to me."

He slid off the couch, kneeling in front of me, and slid my panties all the way down, throwing them to the floor. He placed each of my legs over his shoulders so that I was forced to keep them open. I clenched my lower body as he nuzzled the top of my thigh, dangerously close to my quivering center, betraying my desire.

"I love how you smell. I love how you taste. The way you tremble when I love you with my mouth." Jackson's voice was low and barely audible. "No one else will ever taste you except me. No one will ever fuck you except me." Jackson's hands on my hips tightened painfully when I just stared down at him. "Say it!"

"No one will taste me except you. Fuck me except you," I whispered, my desire warring with the sickness of the situation. I could already feel how wet I was, so wet that I was dripping.

Jackson growled in approval as he buried his face between my thighs, lapping me up as if he was starving for the taste of me. The sensations were almost too exquisite to bear and I tried to shift my hips away, to escape that marauding tongue, but Jackson kept me firmly in place, working his mouth over my swollen clit to the point of pain. I cried out when I felt his tongue dart inside of me, licking me relentlessly, returning to my aching bud over and over again until I screamed, convulsing over and over again in a climax so violent it felt like an out-of-body experience.

Jackson continued suckling me through my release, and I pushed at his shoulders, trying to get him to release me.

"Jackson," I croaked, feeling spent. "I...I came."

Jackson looked at me, his eyes intent as he continued sucking on my clit. "Again," he muttered against me. "Again."

"Jackson, I can't-" I couldn't continue talking, feeling like I was going to explode from the sensations I was experiencing. Jackson's tongue on me felt almost painful, my bud sensitized even more by my climax. I was riding the edge of pleasure and pain, wanting to escape it as much as I wanted to revel in it. When I climaxed again, I felt like I was going to pass out, the convulsions so strong and powerful.

As I came down from my high, I saw Jackson unbuckling his belt and shoving his pants and boxer briefs down. His erection looked imposing, jutting out with the end glistening with pre-cum.

"I'm going to fuck you and come inside you, Emma. Lift up your legs."

I didn't even think to protest as I lifted my legs, not caring about the flare of triumph I saw in Jackson's eyes. There was no gentleness as Jackson slammed into me, his eyes glittering as he watched me cry out and bow my back. I felt pure pleasure ratcheting through me, my passage so slick that he slid in easily. He began to move in and out of me, holding my legs up so that he could sink himself deeply into me.

"That's right, sweetheart. Take me in. You feel so damn good."

"Jackson!" I cried out, not believing that I could feel the pressure mounting again. Even in our wildest lovemaking, Jackson had never made me come more than twice in a row. I didn't think it was possible.

"That's it, baby. Let go. Let go and let me take care of you. You're mine. You're mine to fuck."

"Yes, yes!" I sobbed, my head thrashing restlessly from side to side, unable to control my reactions.

"Say it!" Jackson sounded hoarse but there was a powerful intensity to his voice.

"I'm yours. I'm yours to fuck. Please, Jackson. Please fuck me!" I was mindless with pleasure, in that moment wanting Jackson to mark me as his.

Jackson gripped my buttocks, holding me in place as he pounded me mercilessly, his hard shaft battering my softness until I screamed out in ecstasy. I heard a shout as Jackson joined me, pumping his climax into me, my convulsions milking his shaft.

Jackson fell on top of me, still inside me, and the haze slowly lifted as I realized what we had done. I felt shame at our animalistic coupling. This wasn't love, this was dominance.

Jackson stilled my hips with his hands when I made a move to slide away from under him. He lifted his head, sweat running down his face and dampening his hair.

"No," he said in an implacable voice. "I'm staying inside of you. I need to make sure you keep every drop of me."

I shoved him hard, taking him by surprise as he fell back, his shaft sliding out of me.

"Are you crazy!?" I screamed, shaking with revulsion at the way we had fucked. I could feel his semen running down the inside of my thighs as I stood but I didn't care. I was just as angry with myself as I was at Jackson, but it was easier to direct all my rage at him. "I'm not a fucking animal and I don't belong to you!"

Jackson scrambled up as I pushed down my skirt, grabbing my purse and underwear from the floor.

"Wait, Emma," Jackson said, sounding panicked. "I'm sorry. I just-"

"I don't want to hear it," I hissed, looking at him as if I didn't recognize him. "For the last time, leave me alone! I don't know why you brought me to this sick fucking shrine to our relationship. Our relationship was shit and I want to forget it ever happened!"

Jackson's face was ashen as I hurled the poisoned words at him, wanting to wound him. He looked broken as he watched me leave but I didn't care as I slammed the door behind me.

Chapter Seventeen

I didn't return to work afterwards, too sickened by what had transpired between Jackson and me. I called Marie, letting her know I would be out for the rest of the day and to call me if anything urgent came up. I fervently wished it were Friday so that I could have the weekend to lick my wounds in private, but since it was only Wednesday, I was determined to rebuild myself so that I could go into work the next day with my head held high.

I immediately took a long hot shower when I got home, wanting to wash the scent of Jackson off me. I couldn't stop reliving what had happened between us, replaying it over and over again in my mind. I couldn't forget the way he looked at me. Not with love and tenderness, or even pure passion, but with triumph and arrogance. A hunter conquering his prey.

But I couldn't blame Jackson entirely for what had happened between us. I had been a willing participant, eager to demean myself and wallow in physical pleasure. I was finally able to admit to myself that I still loved him. Despite the infidelity, despite the way he had treated me since we had met again, I still loved him. That's why I had let him treat me like a plaything to be used and tossed away. It was pathetic, and sickened me most of all.

I erected a mask of composure the next day when I strode into work, determined not to let my personal life affect my work. When I first noticed the stares, I just shrugged them off, attributing it to paranoia. I was feeling vulnerable so I reasoned that this was why I felt like I was being watched.

Marie flushed when I greeted her as I walked into my office, and I started feeling a prickling in the back of my neck. Was there something I was missing? Was something happening at work that I was oblivious to?

I was powering up my laptop when Celeste rushed into my office, practically bursting at the seams.

"You sure know how to keep secrets!" she exclaimed, a wide grin spreading across her face.

"What are you talking about, Celeste?" I had little patience this morning, and I had to make an effort to keep the bite out of my voice.

"Jackson Reynard, of course!" she crowed. "Pictures of the two of you are all over the internet."

I swallowed, feeling sick to my stomach. "I haven't seen the pictures."

Celeste's smile disappeared as she saw me pale, sitting down in the chair across from my desk. "I...I thought this was a good thing. I mean, you're dating a movie star, aren't you?"

I shook my head, feeling anxiety bloom inside of me. I quickly searched Jackson Reynard on the internet and almost threw up when I saw the pictures that came up. Several photos of our encounter yesterday at the restaurant that would be hard to explain away stared back at me. They had captured Jackson holding my wrist, looking down at me with a fierce expression as I glared up at him. Worse were the pictures of him dragging me out of the restaurant with a murderous expression. Unfortunately, Drew appeared in the photos as well and the tabloids were speculating about a love triangle. My stomach dropped when I saw that they had connected the dots and pronounced me the mystery woman from before, the woman that had been photographed with Jackson at Eleven Madison Park.

But the most sickening part was the claim that I was apparently a home wrecker and had caused Jackson Reynard and Candace Stile to break up. Since they had linked me to the picture with Jackson taken before Candace and Jackson's reported breakup, it was assumed that Jackson had been cheating on Candace with me.

My hand shook on the mouse as I scrolled through the accusatory articles until I finally had to close the browser, not able to take anymore.

"Are you okay?" Celeste said softly, all her earlier glee gone.

I shook my head, feeling defeated and bleak. "They have it all wrong. Jackson and I...it's not like that. And he told me that he wasn't dating Candace."

"So you are involved?" Celeste asked cautiously.

"No!" I exclaimed, but I didn't want to explain. As much as I liked Celeste, I was paranoid that even more details about Jackson and me would be leaked. "I-I can't talk about it, Celeste. I have to figure out how to handle this. I just hope to God that this doesn't affect my job. It can't be good for Forrester's image to have one of their employees splashed across the gossip pages. Especially since Drew has been dragged into this." I hesitated before continuing. "Is Drew in yet?"

"No, he's traveling for the rest of the week. He won't be back until Monday." Celeste looked like she wanted to barrage me with questions, but for once she restrained herself. It was probably due to me looking like I was going to faint.

I breathed in deeply, trying to erect a facade of calmness. "This is all just silly gossip. I don't know why I'm getting all worked up about it. Jackson is just an old friend and we were catching up. The pictures just seem misleading." I smiled at Celeste. "I have a ton of work to get through. Can we catch up later?"

Celeste nodded uncertainly as she rose and left my office. I followed her to talk to Marie.

"Please hold all my calls," I said brightly as Marie just stared at me. "I have a mountain of things to go through since I left early yesterday."

Marie just nodded and I stepped back into my office, closing the door softly behind me. I sat heavily in my chair, resting my elbows on my desk and leaning my forehead against my clasped hands. I stayed in that position for a while as my mind raced, wondering what, if anything, I should do.

I jumped when I heard my cell phone ring and saw that it was Trisha. We had talked regularly these past few months, but I hadn't told her anything about Jackson. It was too complicated to explain, and I was embarrassed by my weakness of giving in to him. I was sure she had seen the pictures and I figured I would have to explain it to her sooner or later, so I reluctantly answered her call.

"Hello?"

"Emma! What the hell is going on? There are pictures of you and Jackson everywhere!"

I breathed in deeply, steeling myself for her disapproval. "It's been harder to avoid him than I thought. We've...met a couple of times."

"What does that mean?" Trisha asked, sounding concerned. "Are you involved with him again?"

"It's not like that. We're not dating or anything."

"So what are you doing?" Trisha's voice turned cautious. "Have you slept with him?"

My silence was answer enough and I heard the worry in Trisha's voice when she spoke again.

"Emma, don't you think it's dangerous for you to get involved in any manner with Jackson? He broke your heart before, but now he has the ability to embarrass you in front of the whole world. Is it true that he cheated on Candace Stile with you?"

"No," I said but with little conviction. Even though Jackson had told me he was never involved with Candace, I didn't know whether to believe him. After all, he had cheated before. "He told me that they never dated. I'm not looking for a relationship with Jackson again. It was just a moment of weakness."

"Do you still love him, Emma?" Trisha sounded sad, as if she already knew the answer. I felt tears welling up in my eyes, the stress of the past few days coupled with the realization that I still loved Jackson being too much to handle.

"That doesn't matter," I replied brokenly, not wanting to admit it out loud, even though my lack of an answer made it clear. "I'm staying away from Jackson. I'm hoping this all dies down once people realize Jackson and I aren't together."

"Do you want me to come up? There are still a lot of shoes in New York with my name on it. It'll give me an excuse to spend money."

I forced a laugh, making my voice sound lighter. "It's okay, Trisha. Really. I'm just going to pretend like this never happened until everyone forgets about it." But I knew that I would never forget.

I ended the call, promising to call Trisha if I needed to talk. I sighed when my mother called me almost as soon as I disconnected with Trisha, demanding an explanation. Instead of being appalled, she seemed almost excited by my association with Jackson, conveniently forgetting that I had once been destroyed by the demise of our relationship.

I kept the door to my office closed for the rest of the day. I tried to get as much work done as possible, forcing myself to stay away from the internet. Thankfully, Marie held all my calls as requested and I heard her outside my door telling people that I was at a meeting when they tried to stop by.

It was well past lunchtime when I saw my cell phone light up. I had already gotten quite a few calls that I hadn't answered. Some were people I had lost contact with ages ago and I wasn't about to humor their questions. Others had been numbers I hadn't recognized. When I listened to the voicemail of one of the unrecognizable numbers, I cringed at the reporter asking for a comment. I couldn't believe that this was actually considered newsworthy, never mind that they had been able to get my unlisted cell phone number. After that, I didn't listen to any of the messages and put my ringer on silent.

But now Jackson's name was flashing across the screen of my phone and I debated whether to answer it. What a fatalistic sigh, I answered it right before it went to voicemail, knowing that Jackson could be relentless.

"Hello?"

"Emma, I'm so sorry." Jackson sounded tense and angry. "My publicist has been calling me but I haven't been answering so I didn't realize until just now the crap that's been happening. Are you okay?"

"It's not exactly fun having my pictures posted everywhere, especially when I'm being pegged as the other woman."

Jackson sighed heavily. "I'm so sick of this shit. The last thing I wanted to do was to drag you into this. I wasn't thinking. I was just so damn angry that all I could think about was getting you alone." Jackson was silent for a moment before continuing. "I'm sorry for how I acted yesterday. I seem to lose control around you."

"Let's just try to forget this ever happened," I said, feeling sad and tired. "It'll go away on its own eventually."

"Unfortunately, I don't think that's going to happen." Jackson took a deep breath. "Marcie, my publicist, told me that Candace is planning on playing the jilted girlfriend. Her people contacted Marcie, trying to get me to play along, thinking that I'd welcome any publicity since our movie just came out, but Marcie knew to refuse. Candace is trying to cross over into the music industry and she's debuting her single in a matter of days. They're going to milk this publicity for all its worth. But I swear Emma, we were never together."

It took a moment for Jackson's words to sink in, horror growing at the realization that this was far from over. "But I thought she was your friend! How could she do that to you? Hasn't she admitted before to the press that you two aren't dating?"

Jackson laughed humorlessly. "The word friend can be a loose term in Hollywood. I'm only her friend when it's convenient for her. She's going to claim we kept our relationship a secret so that we didn't have to deal with the paparazzi. A cheating boyfriend garners much more sympathy, which they're hoping translates into record sales."

"What am I going to do?" I said, panic making my voice sharp. "Everyone is going to think I'm some slut that stole you away from Candace."

"Marcie has an idea to diffuse the situation," Jackson said slowly. "It might sound a little crazy but just hear me out. Candace and her people are banking on me denying that we ever dated and that she's making the whole story up. They think it'll make Candace look even more sympathetic when I won't acknowledge our relationship. But Marcie thinks we can turn this story around. I told her about us, that we had been in a relationship a long time ago. She thinks we should play that up, that we should pretend we're reconnecting. She thinks people will eat up the story that I've fallen in love again with the girl I lost before I got famous and will excuse any indiscretions that may have happened along the way."

"That is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard," I spat out, almost choking on my words. "It'll just make it into a bigger story. The last thing I want is my personal life splashed on the pages of some trashy tabloid."

"I wish the story would just go away for your sake, but you don't know how ruthless people in this industry can be. They'll do anything to promote themselves, even if it means dragging innocent people into the mess. I don't think you understand how out of control this can get. At least if we're proactive, we can try and keep it confined."

"I don't know, Jackson," I whispered. "I just don't know. I'd rather just ignore it all."

"Just think about it," Jackson said, his voice low and soothing. "We would just have to pretend for a little bit, until Candace realizes I'm not going to give in."

"I'll think about it. I have to go now. This is starting to interfere with my work."

I tried to concentrate on marketing reports after I hung up with Jackson, but my mind was in a state of chaos. I called myself a coward when I saw Drew's number pop up on my cell phone and ignored it. I managed to get some work done but finally surrendered at seven o'clock, knowing that I was just torturing myself by staring blankly at ad campaign results.

I had been camped out in my office all day, ordering in lunch and thanking God that I didn't have any meetings today. There were still plenty of people working when I stepped out of my office and I was painfully aware of all the heads swiveling towards me.

"Marie, I'm leaving for the day. I'll see you tomorrow."

Marie nodded sympathetically, already having given me a stack of messages earlier, most of which had nothing to do with work. The most nerve-wracking ones were the messages from reporters, clamoring for an interview. It seemed that the details of my life had been ripped open, including where I worked.

I escaped without having to make pleasantries with any co-workers, relieved when I was able to catch a cab as soon as I exited the building. The relief disappeared when the cab arrived in front of my apartment building and I saw a cluster of paparazzi waiting by the door. They immediately caught sight of me and ran towards the cab, wielding their cameras in front of them like weapons.

"Emma, how long have you been dating Jackson Reynard?"

"Do you know Candace Stile? How do you feel about stealing Jackson from her?"

"Is it true Jackson was planning on proposing to Candace and you put a stop to it?"

"Emma, how do you feel about being called a home wrecker?"

"Are you dating Jackson for his money?"

Their shouts were clearly audible through the window of the cab. The driver rolled down his window, yelling expletives and telling them what they could do with their cameras. He turned around to look at me after he had rolled his window back up.

"Do you want me to drop you off somewhere else?" I was grateful that at least my cab driver didn't seem interested in the personal details of my life.

"No, I have to go home eventually. But thanks."

After I paid the cab driver, I opened the car door, trying to use it to push the photographers back. I felt a hand grab my arm and I looked up, seeing Harry's grim face. He used himself as a shield, taking his jacket off and wrapping it around my head, pushing the paparazzi away with his body until we got into the building.

"Don't even think about trespassing in here or I'll call the cops!" he yelled out, ushering me deeper into the lobby. They heeded his warning but continued snapping pictures as they pressed against the glass wall of the building like rabid animals.

Harry pressed the button for the elevator, standing between me and the front of the lobby, shielding me from the cameras.

"Are you okay, Emma?"

I was still in a state of shock at how persistent they had been. They didn't seem to care about anything except getting their shot, pushing into me painfully and shoving their cameras into my face. I couldn't believe that people could behave in such a disgusting manner.

"I am now. Thanks so much for getting me through that, Harry." My voice was strained as I tried to come to terms with being a hunted commodity.

Harry gently guided me into the elevator when the doors opened. "Don't worry, I won't let anybody get through. Give me a call if you need anything."

I thanked Harry again, grateful when the elevators doors closed, whisking me away from prying eyes. Now that it was public knowledge where I lived, I didn't know where I could go to escape.

I felt numb as I went through the motions of changing out of my work clothes and heating up a frozen dinner. I tried to eat my chicken parmigiana that tasted like cardboard until I couldn't take it anymore, pushing it aside and grabbing my laptop. I scrolled through stories about Jackson and Candace, about me and Jackson, about how I had seduced Jackson as a calculated move, wanting to break into the acting industry. Some of the stories were outright crazy, claiming that I had pretended to be a maid in a hotel that Jackson was staying at so I could sneak into his room and offer my naked body to him.

The posts from random people in response to the articles were just as painful. They were ugly and judgmental. Post after post discussed how unbelievable it was that Jackson could leave someone as gorgeous as Candace Stile for a plain little nobody like me, how I was a gold-digger looking for my ticket to a life of luxury.

I slammed my laptop closed, tears streaming down my face. I was being publicly flogged for something I didn't do. Jackson told me he had never dated Candace and he hadn't cheated on her with me. I didn't want to think about whether I would have still slept with Jackson even if they had been in a relationship. I didn't want to know the answer.

I turned my cell phone off even though I had already turned off the ringer, sick of the light constantly flashing indicating an incoming call. I turned on the television, hoping to distract myself. I was flipping through the channels when I saw an entertainment news show announcing an exclusive interview with Candace Stile about her relationship with Jackson Reynard in the upcoming segment.

I stayed on the channel, needing to hear what Candace herself would say. Maybe she would admit to never having been involved with Jackson. It was naive but I was desperate for a way out of this.

I was tense as I waited for the commercials to end and then watched with bated breath as the show ran a summary of the alleged accusations of infidelity, complete with pictures of Jackson and me staring into each other's eyes. Finally, the host of the show sat across from Candace, who managed to look breathtakingly gorgeous while looking utterly despondent.

"Candace, thank you so much for talking with me today. I know it's been a rough time for you with the news about you and Jackson breaking today."

Candace put on a brave smile, her voice trembling a little. "Thanks for having me, Robin. I can't lie, it's been really hard. But I decided that hiding wasn't the right decision. I didn't do anything wrong and I want to let women out there know that they shouldn't be ashamed if they get cheated on. It isn't their fault."

The host nodded approvingly. "That's very admirable of you, Candace. Can you tell me what happened between you and Jackson?"

"We've been dating for a year, although I know news of our relationship just recently came out. We were trying to keep it quiet so that we could have some privacy. Even though we're in the public eye, we wanted to keep it to ourselves. I wanted to protect my love for Jackson from prying eyes."

I felt like throwing up as I watched the host nod understandingly. I had to give it to Candace, she was an amazing actress. She looked vulnerable and utterly defenseless as she told her story.

"When did you find out that Jackson was unfaithful?"

Candace teared up, biting her lip as she struggled to answer the question. "Same as everyone else. I saw pictures of Jackson with another woman online."

"Have you spoken to Jackson since then?"

"Yes, I called him right after I saw the pictures. I was hoping it was all a misunderstanding, and that the pictures were innocent. But Jackson told me that he no longer wanted to be with me. That it was over."

The host handed Candace a tissue, and she blotted at her eyes although I noticed that no tears actually fell.

"So you and Jackson were still together up until today? There had been some rumors that you two had already broken up."

Candace shook her head, looking crestfallen. "Those were just rumors. Up until today, I thought we were still in love."

"What do you know about the woman that Jackson cheated on you with? Our sources tell us that her name is Emma Mills and she works for an ad agency in New York."

"That's about as much as I know," Candace replied glumly. "I don't know her. I've never met her. I don't ever want to meet her. I just want to move on with my life."

I sat in stunned silence as Candace used her last statement as a segue to talk about her single coming out. I wanted to reach inside the television and scratch her eyes out. I didn't understand how she could lie so easily and destroy someone's reputation all for the sake of her own success. She was already rich and famous, but she was greedy for more.

I turned on my phone, ignoring all the voicemails, and called Jackson. He picked up on the first ring.

"Did you see it?" he asked grimly, not bothering to greet me.

"I saw it. I want to find Candace Stile and rip her hair out."

Jackson chuckled despite the circumstances. "I don't blame you. If it makes you feel any better, most of it is hair extensions."

I couldn't suppress a small smile at Jackson's revelation, finding humor in it, despite my world crumbling around me.

"Do you really think it's necessary to come up with an elaborate lie to diffuse the situation? Can't we just see if it fades on its own?"

"This is just the beginning, Emma. Marcie believes that they have a whirlwind of press planned. This could get much uglier before it's over. Having the public turn on you can get pretty nasty. Unfortunately, I've seen it happen way too many times. I'm not worried about me. People tend to forgive celebrities way too easily and I really don't give a shit what they say. But you're going to suffer the brunt of their censure."

"Can't we just say it's all a lie?" I cried. "How can she get away with this?"

"It's all about the illusion," Jackson said bitterly. "People don't care about the truth. They just want a good story and they'll run with it. It doesn't matter if it's a lie, as long as people believe it."

I felt beaten down, unsure how to fight this amorphous enemy that I didn't understand. I was unequipped to deal with this type of situation, so I decided to leave it in the hands of the professionals.

"Okay, let's do whatever we have to do to make this die down."

"I knew you would make the right decision," Jackson said approvingly. "You don't have to do anything yet. Marcie is booking some interviews for me so that I can tell my side of the story. I have my first one tomorrow. In the meantime, don't say anything to anyone, especially the press."

"Don't worry, the last thing I want to do is deal with the press. It's bad enough having them hover around my apartment."

"I didn't think they had discovered where you lived yet." Jackson's voice was hard and flat. "Those bastards are like the plague. I wish I could come over, but that has to wait until after my interview. I'll send someone over."

"No, it's okay Jackson. My doorman got me through the crowd of paparazzi, even though they were like rabid animals frothing at the mouth for a comment. I thought you said they were tamer in New York."

"Not when they have a juicy story. And unfortunately, this story is like prime rib to them." Jackson's voice got quieter. "I can't tell you how sorry I am about all this. But I'll fix it, I promise. I won't let you get hurt."

"It's not your fault," I murmured.

"It is my fault. I was too careless." Jackson sighed before continuing. "I'll contact you tomorrow to let you know what the next steps are."

After I ended the call with Jackson, I forced myself to scroll through all my messages, deleting most of them without listening to them. I had repeated missed calls from my mother and Trisha, and I reluctantly called them back, reassuring them that I was okay but refusing to give details about what was happening.

I was dreading work the next day and I contemplated calling in sick, but I decided I wasn't going to let myself be bullied into hiding. I tried to prepare myself for whatever was waiting for me outside my apartment building as I rode the elevator down, grateful that I at least had a doorman who was willing to run interference.

"Emma!" Harry exclaimed when he saw me exit the elevator. "How are you feeling?"

"I've had better days but I'll survive," I replied, smiling at Harry's concerned expression.

"Well, it was smart of you to hire a bodyguard. I think he's going to be a lot more effective at driving away those scumbags than I was. His arms are the size of my thighs!"

"A bodyguard?" I wrinkled my brow in confusion. "I didn't hire a bodyguard."

"Then who's that?" Harry pointed to a mountain of a man that was standing in the front of the lobby, right by the doors. He was well over six feet with muscles that looked like they were carved out of stone. He was an intimidating figure in a tight black t-shirt and black pants.

He stepped forward when he saw us watching him, holding out a hand. "Ms. Mills, I'm Craig. I'm here to make sure you get to work safely."

I shook his hand, my hand disappearing in his huge grasp. "I'm sorry, Craig, but I'm a little confused. I didn't hire anyone to escort me to work."

"Mr. Reynard told me to wait for you this morning. I'm supposed to escort you to work and anywhere else you need to go."

I couldn't suppress the surge of warmth that flooded my body when I realized that Jackson had sent someone to protect me, even though I had refused his offer last night. I decided to accept it since I didn't know what I was about to face.

I turned out to be extremely grateful for Craig. He shielded me from the bodies trying to push into me as we left my building, but I could still hear the questions that they yelled at me. They were much harsher than yesterday with a sickening virulence. I felt as if I were being stoned with words.

Craig ushered me into a black Mercedes SUV with tinted back windows that looked like it should be off-roading in a safari, not navigating the streets of New York. Craig slid into the driver's seat after making sure I was safely ensconced in the backseat, driving away so quickly the tires squealed. I saw him glance at me in the rearview mirror.

"Are you okay, Ms. Mills?"

I gave him a weak smile, not wanting to show how rattled I was. "Yes, although I'm wondering why anyone would want to be famous. I never realized how happy I was being a nobody."

We drove the rest of the way to work in silence as I prayed that there would be no press waiting for me outside my office. I was relieved when I saw that no one was milling around the front of my office building, but I still had to convince Craig that he didn't need to escort me inside.

"But Mr. Reynard said-"

"Craig, I'm grateful for your help, but you can see that there's nobody around. I just want everything to remain as normal as possible."

Craig relented when he saw that I wasn't going to be swayed, but he told me that he would be waiting for me outside after he made sure I programmed his number into my cell phone.

I tried to ignore all the stares as I took the elevator to my floor and made my way to my office. I could hear murmurings as I passed by, but I refused to pay attention to them. Marie jumped up when she saw me, looking harried and stressed out.

"Emma, the phone has been ringing non-stop. Every gossip rag seems to want a comment from you. I even got calls from a few legitimate news outlets. What should I do?"

"Just tell them all I have no comment." I couldn't believe how quickly my life had been turned upside down.

"Mr. Carver wants to see you as soon as possible."

I swallowed, a shaft of fear shooting through me. Larry Carver was my direct boss and vice president of account services. I rarely interacted with him and I had no doubt that he was requesting my presence to discuss the situation with Jackson.

I made my way to Larry's office after I dropped my things off in mine, trepidation growing with each step.

"Hi, Sandy," I greeted Larry Carver's assistant. "Marie told me Larry wanted to see me as soon as possible."

Sandy, an older woman with hair as black as night, nodded at me and picked up the phone. "Mr. Carver, Emma Mills is here to see you."

Sandy waved me into the office and I entered, trying to tamp down my nerves. My anxiety was almost choking me when Larry rose as I walked towards him, his eyes assessing me.

"Emma, thanks for coming by. Have a seat."

I perched on the edge of a chair opposite Larry's massive walnut desk, folding my hands on my lap as I watched him sit back down.

"No problem, Larry. What did you want to talk about?"

"It hasn't escaped my notice that there has been a bit of fervor about you in the press. We had to put extra security guards in our lobby and threaten to call the police before the press would leave this morning."

My stomach clenched, now understanding why there hadn't been anyone to harass me this morning when I had arrived.

"I'm sorry, Larry. All of this has been blown way out of proportion. It's not affecting my work, I promise."

Larry rested his elbows on his desk, steepling his hands. "I'm not in the habit of commenting on the personal lives of my employees. And I don't plan on starting now, but this is becoming a distraction at work."

"I'm working on a solution to diffuse the situation." I didn't explain that the solution included telling the world about my past with Jackson. "I'll try to take care of this as quickly as possible."

Larry nodded, leaning back in his chair. "That's all I wanted to hear. You've been a great asset since you've started working here, Emma. I'd hate to have something so petty affect your future here at Forrester."

I nodded quickly, understanding that I was getting a warning. "I've been extremely satisfied working here as well. I promise that I have everything under control."

Resentment was boiling under my skin when I left Larry's office. I couldn't believe my career was in jeopardy because of some stupid bitch who wanted to sell some records. My anger got me through the rest of the day, erecting an invisible armor around me from the stares and whispers. The one chink in my armor was when I had to go across town to a client meeting, which Craig took me to. My client politely pretended that my face wasn't currently plastered on every gossip rag, but I heard the whispers as I left his office.

"What does he see in her? She's nothing special."

"What a slut. I can't believe someone could be so low as to ruin Jackson and Candace's relationship."

"I heard she slept with Jackson in the same bed that he shared with Candace."

I wished I could shut my ears closed with my fingers and run away from the stares of censure, but I forced myself to walk with my head raised high, acting like nothing was affecting me.

At least no one was talking about me audibly at my own office. Celeste had stopped by several times to see how I was doing, realizing that being associated with Jackson was not the boon she had expected considering the viciousness of the articles written about me.

I received several texts from Jackson throughout the day, checking to see how I was and making sure Craig was being my shadow. I thanked him for providing me with him, although I wondered if I should ask how much his services cost, not wanting to be financially obligated to Jackson.

He became angry when I voiced that thought when he called me later that night, just as I got home from work.

"You don't need to pay me back, Emma. This is all my fault. I shouldn't have been so careless."

"Still," I hedged. "I don't feel comfortable with you footing the bill. It's not your fault Candace is making up these lies."

"We'll discuss it later tonight. I'll be over at around nine."

"Is that a good idea? What if the reporters see you? They're still hanging outside my building, even with Craig here."

"You'll understand later. Watch Entertainment Reporter at seven. I gave them my first interview."

Jackson ended the call without saying anything else and I checked my watch, seeing that I still had half an hour before the show aired. I forced myself to make a sandwich and eat it despite the lump in my throat that made it difficult to swallow. This was the first time in a long while that I had lost my appetite.

It was torture waiting for seven o'clock to roll around and I was glued to the television screen when the intro for the entertainment news show came on.

"We have an exclusive interview with Jackson Reynard about his split from Candace Stile," the host announced. "I spoke with him earlier today and what you're about to hear will change your opinion about everything."

The show cut to a prerecorded video of the host interviewing Jackson. I swallowed when I saw Jackson onscreen, looking as beautiful as he was solemn. The close-up on his face showed his green eyes looking serious, while his tousled hair gave him an air of boyishness.

"Jackson, the press has been pretty relentless about your break-up with Candace Stile. I'm glad that you're finally telling your side of the story, but what made you decide to grant an interview? It's no secret that you're usually reticent about giving interviews regarding your personal life."

Jackson leaned forward, looking at the host with sincerity shining in his eyes. "Andy, it's because I need to speak out for the one person that's being wrongly vilified in this situation. I'm the one to blame for this whole mess. It's true that Candace and I dated casually. She's a valued colleague and someone I admire, but in reality, it was more of a friendship than anything else. The problem was I couldn't fall in love with anyone, I couldn't let anyone in."

"Why is that, Jackson?" the host asked, looking visibly excited by what Jackson was sharing. He was practically chomping at the bit for Jackson to spill his guts.

"It's because my heart already belongs to someone else. Long ago, before anyone knew who I was, I fell in love with a girl who gave me a purpose in life. She was the reason I woke up the in morning, the reason why I was determined to become a success. Because I wanted to be worthy of her. It sounds maudlin, but she was truly my soul mate. I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her, but a stupid misunderstanding got in the way. We broke up, but I never stopped loving her. I still think about her every morning when I wake up. She's still the last thought in my head before I fall asleep at night."

Even though I knew Jackson was acting, my heart felt like it was going to burst out of my chest. All the feelings that Jackson was describing was what I had thought our relationship was like. It was the way I felt about him. It was incredibly painful to hear those words coming out of his mouth, knowing that it was all an act.

The host leaned in closer. "Then what happened?"

Jackson smiled self-deprecatingly. "I'm not usually one to believe in fate, but I can't believe it was just by chance that we met again. I was at a business dinner when I looked across the restaurant and saw her. My world stopped. I think I may have stopped breathing. And I knew then that I couldn't lose her again."

"And this woman is Emma Mills? The woman you've been photographed with?"

Jackson nodded, pressing his lips together before continuing. "I pursued her, but she refused to have anything to do with me until I broke things off with Candace. Emma was the honorable one, not me. I couldn't think of anything else besides being with her. I was impatient and didn't want to wait because Candace was out of the country preparing for her single to drop. But at Emma's insistence, I waited until Candace was back in the States and I let her know that we were over. I think the problem was that I might have been too gentle in my explanation to Candace. I don't think she understood that I wanted to end things, not just slow down. It was my fault for not being clearer, but I was trying not to hurt her."

The host sat back with a sigh, clearly enraptured with the story. "So that's why she thought you were cheating on her."

"Yes. Like I said, it was my fault for not being clearer, but once I realized what people thought, I had to speak out because I couldn't stand all the things people were saying about Emma. She's beautiful and kind, sweet and forgiving. I'm going to spend the rest of my life trying to be someone who deserves her."

"So are you two together now?"

Jackson smiled wryly. "I'm trying to convince her to give me another chance. I think all the publicity has scared her off. She's a very private person and she's not used to life in the spotlight." Jackson's smile disappeared, replaced with a look of determination. "I'll give up my career if it means being with her. Nothing is as important as having her by my side."

The interview ended, cutting back to the host talking about Jackson's new movie and about how well it was doing in the box office. I sat in stunned silence, a dangerous thought blooming in my head. He had sounded so sincere. Could he really mean everything he was saying? Could he still be in love with me? I shook my head at the ridiculous notion. He had said we had parted because of a misunderstanding. Jackson screwing Claire was more than a misunderstanding. I had to be careful not to take the things he said to heart. It was all to diffuse the situation.

Despite my rationalization, I was on pins and needles waiting for Jackson to arrive. I checked the time obsessively, willing it to go by faster.

I jumped when I heard my phone, the rhythm of the rings signaling that it was Harry downstairs.

"Hi, Harry."

"Emma, Jackson Reynard is here to see you." Harry couldn't mask the excitement in his voice.

"Send him up."

I checked my reflection in my mirror again, smoothing down my hair and swiping on another layer of lip-gloss. At the rate I was going, Jackson was going to have to squint when looking at me because of the glare caused by the amount of gloss I had already applied.

I waited a beat before opening the door when I heard him knock. Jackson looked irresistible standing outside my door, dressed casually in jeans and a grey button-down shirt that was untucked and cuffed at the sleeves. His hair was getting longer, reminiscent of how it had looked when we were together five years ago. He looked tired but happy to see me.

"Come in," I said, stepping back so that he could enter. I nervously watched him walk in, his presence filling the small space of my apartment. "Do you want something to drink?"

Jackson quirked his mouth, looking down at me. "I remember demanding that request the last time I was here."

I gave him a small smile. "I've decided that civility is probably the best route to go since we're in this mess together. So would you like a drink? I should tell you that all I have to offer is water or wine."

"Sounds biblical," Jackson said, rocking back on his heels and looking nervous. "I'll take the wine."

"Have a seat in the living room. I'll be right out with the wine."

I was grateful when Jackson followed my direction and disappeared into the living room. I needed some space between us to get my head on straight. Jackson seemed as on edge as I was, and it was tiring being on high alert.

Jackson looked up from the couch when I walked into the living room, silently taking the glass of wine I offered him. I sat on the couch as well, taking care not to sit too close.

"Did you watch it?"

I nodded my head, taking a large sip of my wine. I needed all the liquid courage I could get. "So what's next on Marcie's plan of attack?"

Jackson looked disappointed that I didn't comment further on his interview tonight, but I didn't know if I could discuss it without dissolving into tears.

"We have to be seen together. Now the press is clamoring for a love story between us."

"Is that a good idea?" I asked hesitatingly. "Won't that fuel the fire?"

"They just want a happy ending. The press likes those almost as much as messy breakups. If we give it to them, they'll start to leave us alone."

I frowned, not knowing if I agreed with Jackson and Marcie's plan, but I didn't have any better ideas. "Okay, I guess you guys know better than I do."

"Have dinner with me tomorrow night. We can go to Romero's."

I nodded jerkily, the thought of going to dinner at Romero's making me tense. We had gone there regularly when we were dating and it brought back a rush of memories. Jackson reached up, gently cupping my cheek with his hand.

"Do you remember the first time we ate dinner there?" he asked softly, his eyes shining with remembrance. "You ordered the squid ink pasta, not realizing that it would actually be black. You were so horrified that you couldn't eat it. It looked too much like worms to you. We ended up switching plates and I was stuck with it while you ate my ravioli."

"I offered to share the ravioli," I replied with a shy smile. "It's not my fault you were insistent on sacrificing your dinner and eating my squid ink pasta. I thought you said you liked it."

"It was horrible," Jackson admitted with a wry smile. His smile faded as his gaze traveled my face as if he were memorizing my features. He looked somber as his thumb grazed my bottom lip. "I would sacrifice anything for you. Don't you know that by now?"

My fists clenched in my lap, not understanding why he was saying these things to me. "I think you need to be careful," I said with a rueful smile, wanting to lighten the mood. "You're going to start believing all the things you said in the interview tonight."

Jackson's face tightened as his hand dropped, his eyes looking brittle. "I didn't say anything that wasn't true, except for the stuff about Candace."

My breath caught, not wanting to believe him. "But...you said you still loved me."

"And I still do." Jackson's voice was barely a whisper, but my heart shouted in response. Yet I was afraid to believe him.

"The important question is, do you still love me?" Jackson's mouth twisted, as if he was bracing himself for the worst. "Did you ever love me?"

"How can you ask me that again?" I said, my voice choking and my throat tightening with a sob. "You were my life. I felt like I died when we broke up. Do you know how long it took for me to piece my life back together?"

Jackson grasped my arms gently, looking desperate. "Then why did you do it? Why did you push me away?"

I dropped my head, the pain in Jackson's eyes killing me. "I thought I was doing the right thing. By the time I realized I was making a huge mistake, it was too late. I found out about Claire."

Jackson lifted my chin with one hand so that I was staring into his eyes. "Emma, Claire was a mistake. I don't know what the hell I was thinking. I wasn't thinking. I regretted it so much afterwards. I hated myself for it, even though you had been the one to leave me. The only thing that kept me from begging you to take me back was because I thought you were with Sean. Claire told me you were engaged within a week and married within three months."

"You would really trust anything Claire told you? All along, I thought she was my friend, but I think she secretly hated me. Because she wanted you."

Jackson grabbed my hand, pressing it against his chest. "But she never had this. She never had my heart. It belongs only to you." Jackson took a shuddering breath before continuing. "We can still make this right. I meant everything I said tonight in the interview. I love you, Emma. I'll give up everything if it means we're together. Just give me another chance."

My mind whirled with everything Jackson was confessing to me. My heart ached for him but I didn't know if I could trust him again. How could he claim that he loved me so much yet have been sleeping with Claire throughout our relationship? But as much as I wanted to throw his plea back in his face, to keep my self-respect, I knew it was a lost cause. Because I hungered for him, body and soul, and I would never feel at peace without him. I just needed to take things slow. I couldn't rush headlong into a full-blown relationship with Jackson like I had the first time.

"We can try," I said hesitantly. "We can start to get to know each other again. We're different people now. We might not feel the same once we're together again."

Jackson pulled me close, burying his face in my hair. "Thank God. I'll make it up to you, sweetheart. We'll be good again."

He lifted his head, gazing at me with reverence. He leaned down and gently kissed me, our lips clinging together. "I need to be with you tonight, sweetheart."

I nodded in response, not caring at the moment what the future held. It was enough to be in Jackson's arms.

Jackson cradled me in his arms, carrying me into the bedroom and gently setting me down on the bed. He took his time as he kissed my neck, unbuttoning my blouse and trailing kisses down my chest and stomach. I clenched in anticipation but Jackson was going far too slow, my need demanding more.

"I'm not made out of glass, Jackson," I whispered. "I won't break."

Jackson glanced up at me, looking ashamed. "After the last time we were together...I acted like an animal. All I could think about was marking you as mine. I couldn't stand seeing you with another man."

I grasped his hand, drawing him back up so our faces were close together, our breaths mingling. "I was angry, but really at myself, not you. I was angry that I could lose myself in you again, to want you so badly that nothing else mattered." I tilted my hips up, rubbing my sensitive center against the ridge of Jackson's erection. "But I don't care anymore. I'm an animal when I'm with you. All I can think about is you possessing me. Mark me, Jackson. I'm yours."

Jackson groaned, slanting his lips over mine as his control slipped. I reveled in the hard pressure of his mouth, tangling my tongue with his and wrapping my legs around his waist. "We'll go slower later, baby. I promise. I need you too much now."

"I don't want you to go slow," I gasped as he pulled my bra down, not bothering to take the time to unlatch it in the back. He closed his lips around a nipple, scraping his teeth against the erect peak and I cried out as the feeling of his hot mouth made desire shoot through my body, pooling in my core. I pulled at his shirt, wanting him in as little clothes as possible. Jackson leaned up, quickly discarding his shirt before latching onto my aching nipple again.

I felt his hands on my slacks, undoing them and pushing them down along with my panties. He didn't bother pulling them down all the way, too intent on his goal. He traveled down my body and buried his face in my cleft, sucking my clit mercilessly as he inserted first one, then two fingers inside of me, pushing them in and out forcefully.

I was desperate for release as my hips arched up, pushing against his mouth and circling restlessly. I cried out in surprise and pleasure when I felt him finger my anus, pressing against the puckered opening gently until I felt a fingertip slip inside. The wetness of my arousal had lubricated his finger, giving it easy passage. I had never had anyone touch me like this, not even Jackson, and the taboo of it made my arousal go off the charts.

"Jackson," I mewled, feeling like I couldn't handle the sensation of his mouth latched onto my swollen bud as his finger entered deeper into my forbidden territory as my body clutched around him.

"Come on, baby. Come on," Jackson muttered encouragingly as he continued his assault. "Come for me, sweetheart."

When he inserted his wet finger fully into my anus, pulling in and out, fucking me gently with his finger, I couldn't take anymore and I screamed, shudders rocking me as my lower body convulsed over and over again.

When the last shudder had left my body, Jackson slid back up my body, kissing me gently. "There's nothing better than hearing you come, feeling you convulse against my mouth."

I gave Jackson a mischievous smile after I had caught my breath, my hands traveling down and slipping between our bodies, under his jeans. I stroked his hard erection sheathed by the cotton of his underwear, loving the feel of him ready for me. "Oh, I could think of one thing that's better."

Jackson grinned as I undid his jeans and pushed them down along with his underwear with my feet, kicking my own pants off in the process. The feeling of Jackson's hard shaft nestled between my legs was glorious, my wetness making it feel even more erotic.

"How do you want to fuck me?" I whispered, feeling wanton and daring. "I've never been fucked in the ass before except for your finger just now. I'm wondering what it'll feel like to have your cock ramming me in the ass."

Jackson's smile disappeared, replaced with a fierce intensity, his face tight with arousal. "Let's find out," he rasped gutturally. He flipped me on my stomach, drawing me up until I was on all fours. "I need your wetness on me first." He slid his length into my wet warmth and I gasped as my muscles clenched around him. Jackson groaned as he quickened the pace, sliding his shaft almost completely out before slamming back into me. He reached down, rubbing my bud that was already swollen and sensitive from my previous climax, making me desperately push back against his thrusts, reveling in the sensations. I didn't even remember my earlier request until I heard Jackson speak, his teeth gritted as he forced out words between grunts.

"Sweetheart, this feels too good. I...don't know...if I can leave your pussy-"

Before Jackson finished his sentence, I felt him pull out of me completely. I whimpered at losing his hard length, pushing my bottom back, desperate to be filled by him again. I cried out when I felt the head of his shaft pressing against the opening of my anus. I automatically relaxed myself, wanting to take him inside.

"Fuck. So tight. So...fucking...tight." Jackson was grunting like an animal behind me, and that fueled my desire. "Baby, tell me if I'm hurting you."

I pressed my rear back, gasping as I slowly took his head inside of me. The sensation was completely foreign yet wildly arousing, totally different from when he had fingered my anus. The fit was incredibly tight, almost to the point of pain, but the thought of committing such a taboo act with Jackson made me wild with desire.

"Are you okay?" Jackson asked between gritted teeth.

"I'm okay. Just go slow."

It was a torturous process as I hovered on the edge of pain and pleasure, but I desperately wanted Jackson to have this part of me. I was panting by the time he was fully sheathed inside of me.

"Shit." Jackson grabbed my hips, stilling them. "Don't move or I'm going to come."

I disregarded his words, pushing my hips forward and back slowly, his erection sliding in and out of my anus. I tried to relax completely, wanting Jackson to have me in this way, as no other man had. It was erotic and thrilling to have him inside my dark place, to feel as though we were doing something forbidden. "I want you to come, Jackson. Come in my ass."

Jackson made a strangled sound as he lost control, thrusting into me, increasing the tempo as my body became acclimated. I could hear the slapping sounds of contact every time he hammered into me, his fingers rubbing my clit feverishly. The pressure mounted to an almost intolerable point and I screamed as I came, panting wildly as my lower body rippled. Jackson shouted as he rammed into me for the last time, his shaft convulsing as he shot into me.

I collapsed onto the bed on my stomach and I felt Jackson slip out of me and fall next to me. He gathered me close, brushing my hair out of my face and looking concerned.

"Are you okay? I didn't hurt you, did I?"

I shook my head, leaning over to kiss him gently. "No, it felt good. I never even knew I wanted to do that, but I seem to want to do everything with you."

Jackson's eyes glimmered with intensity. "I feel the same way about you. I've never done that before with anyone. I've never wanted to. But I can't get enough of you. I want every part of you." He paused before continuing. "I love you, Emma. I've never stopped loving you."

I caressed his cheek, the stubble raspy against my fingertips. "I love you too, Jackson. I've always loved you." I kissed him gently. "I'll always love you."

Jackson groaned as he gathered me close. We stayed silently intertwined for hours, not wanting to say anything that would break the spell of our confessions.

Chapter Eighteen

The next morning was bright and beautiful, made even more wonderful by the fact that I woke up next to Jackson. He was still asleep, breathing softly, and I took the chance to drink him in, resisting the urge to touch him. Jackson had looked like he hadn't slept in a while, and I wanted him to get as much rest as possible.

I gently lifted Jackson's arm that was wrapped around my waist, intending to ease out as quietly as possible. I froze when I heard him make a sound, glancing over quickly at his face, but he was still sleeping peacefully. I resumed the removal of his arm so I could get up when I heard him make a noise again, almost a hum.

"Jackson," I whispered cautiously. "Are you awake?"

Jackson hummed in response and I couldn't suppress a small giggle, thinking he was dreaming yet responding to me at the same time. I was wondering what he was dreaming about when his eyes suddenly fluttered open, a wide grin stretching across his face.

"Laughing at me, are we?" He reached over with an evil cackle, wiggling his fingers in anticipation of tickling me. I couldn't help shrieking before he even touched me, struggling to escape the iron band of his arm that had tightened around me.

"You were playing possum!" I exclaimed, the shrieks interspersed with laughter as he tickled me mercilessly. Jackson leaned over me, his eyes sparkling and looking so carefree, like the Jackson I used to know. He stopped his assault, smiling down at me as my laughter faded. My heart squeezed, knowing I was putting my heart in danger again. But I couldn't seem to care.

"That's what you get for trying to escape." Jackson gave me a quick kiss and rolled over, bounding out of bed. He pulled on his jeans and the sight of him bare chested with his jeans hanging from his hips was almost enough to make me salivate. He waggled his eyebrows at me suggestively. "I can see those dirty thoughts in your head, you know."

I burst out laughing, my happiness almost too much to bear. It felt so good to be able to laugh with Jackson, to not feel the burden of regret and betrayal. I was determined to hold onto that feeling.

"I need to take a shower and go to work," I said, sitting up and wrapping the sheet around me. "What are you doing today?"

"I have a couple of meetings, but most of it will be spent waiting around for you. Romero's tonight?"

I nodded, drinking in the sight of Jackson's carefree face, the shadows no longer weighing him down. "There's some coffee in the cupboard over the stove if you want to make some while I shower."

I sat in my bed for a few moments after Jackson left to make coffee, wanting to pinch myself to check if I was dreaming. It felt natural to settle back into our old routine of Jackson making coffee while I showered. So much for taking it slow. It was still yet to be seen if our newly revived relationship could survive the realities of present day.

I showered quickly, eager to join Jackson in the kitchen. As I was dressing, my hand hovered over my jewelry box. Before I could give it too much thought, I opened it and pulled out the diamond pendant, clasping it around my neck. I slid the pendant beneath my shirt, wanting to wear it, yet not quite ready for Jackson to see me with it.

"Mmm, the coffee smells good," I announced as I walked into the kitchen. "How come it always tastes so much better when someone else makes it?"

Jackson was leaning over the counter, a mug in his hand. He looked up when he heard me enter, an odd expression on his face.

"Aren't you supposed to be filling that instead of just staring at it?" I joked. I stilled when I realized which mug he was holding. It was the one with a picture of John Lennon's Imagine memorial on it, the one Jackson had given me long ago, the one that I had used every day at Mass Comm to drink my coffee, loving the feeling of being close to both Jackson and my father even when we were apart. The mug I had clutched like a lifeline when I had been fired, taking nothing except that and the picture of Jackson and me.

"You still have this," he said softly, watching me. "I thought you would have thrown away everything that reminded you of me."

I walked over to Jackson, wrapping my arms around his waist. "I meant it when I said leaving you was a mistake. I've always regretted it."

"Then why didn't you reach out to me?" Jackson asked, sounding pained. Anger flared inside of me at his words. As much as I loved Jackson, it was going to be hard to forgive his unfaithfulness, especially since he didn't seem to even remember the day Claire had told me about them. I would live with that memory forever. I didn't understand how Jackson could claim to love me, yet not realize how devastating it had been for him to cheat on me with Claire throughout our whole relationship. He seemed apologetic, but not to the degree that I would expect. However, I realized that if I was ever going to have a future with Jackson, I would have to get past it. Because I truly believed that he loved me. Maybe it had just become a habit with Claire that was hard to break. Even though a part of me was desperate to ask him questions about her, I wasn't sure if I could handle the answers.

"Jackson, you know why. Once I found about Claire...I couldn't bear it. I couldn't put myself out there again to be hurt."

"You said Claire told you about us. What exactly did she tell you? Why didn't you talk to me about it?"

"Are you kidding me?" I asked incredulously, my pulse quickening with anger. I took a deep breath, trying to calm myself. Once I got control of myself, I spoke again, proud that my voice was steady. "Jackson, if this is ever going to work between us, you have to stop mentioning Claire. I never want to hear her name again. I want to forget she ever existed."

Jackson nodded, realizing how serious I was. "Of course, sweetheart. It just kills me that we could've been together all these years."

I leaned up, balancing on the tips of my toes and kissing him softly. "Let's not have regrets. Let's just enjoy today."

Jackson's face softened as he gazed at me, brushing my hair from my face gently. "You're right. I'm just happy that we're together again."

After lingering over cups of coffee, we took the elevator down to the lobby as Jackson informed me that Craig was on duty with me until the furor had died down. I wanted to protest, but I knew it was futile from the look on his face that brooked no argument. I just sighed, wondering when Jackson had become so autocratic.

There were still photographers outside as Craig shepherded us into the SUV, but their questions had changed.

"Emma, are you going to give Jackson another chance? Are you two together again?"

"What did you think about Jackson professing his love to you on national television?"

"Jackson, what are you going to do to win Emma back?"

"Did you spend the night, Jackson?"

I gulped at the last question, the thought of our sex life being public knowledge horrifying. Jackson turned around once I was in the car, closing it until it was just slightly ajar so they couldn't see me.

"Gentlemen, you're not helping my cause. The last thing Emma wants is cameras in her face. I know you're used to my publicist not taking your calls, but I'll instruct her to pass your questions on to me for my comments. But if I find out you've been harassing Emma, you'll get nothing."

He climbed into the backseat next to me, firmly shutting the door behind him. I noticed that the photographers were no longer crowded around the car.

"Will that actually work?" I asked skeptically.

"Maybe," Jackson answered with a shrug. "It's at least worth a try. I'm not known for commenting on anything about my personal life, so maybe this will appease them."

The drive to work was quick. Quicker than I wanted it to be, because I was loathe to leave Jackson's company. I was surprised when he followed me out of the car when we pulled up in front of my office building.

"I hope you don't think you're coming in with me," I said with a raised eyebrow. I had told Jackson about the warning I had received at work during the short drive, and the last thing I needed was Jackson Reynard, Hollywood heartthrob, disrupting my workplace.

"No, but Craig is going in with you, so I'm going to take a cab home. I don't want him leaving your side."

"I appreciate the concern, but Craig is not coming into work with me."

Jackson frowned, not looking pleased. "Emma, you don't know how relentless the paparazzi can be. You don't want to be taken off guard."

"I told you that my company has put in extra security," I said, exasperated. I flung a hand towards the front of the building. "See? There are no men lurking with cameras here. I'm fine. I don't need Craig waiting outside my building all day either. I'm sure he has better things to do than twiddle his thumbs."

Jackson scowled as he looked down at me. "I don't remember you being this stubborn."

"And I don't remember you being so bossy!" I countered.

Jackson breathed in slowly, as if he was trying to reign in his impatience. "Fine. Craig won't accompany you inside your office, but he's staying in front of your building."

"Jackson," I started to protest but he cut me off with a hard kiss.

"Don't argue with me, Emma," he said in a low voice after he had pulled back. "I'm willing to make concessions on anything except your safety."

I sighed, knowing that I was fighting a losing battle. Jackson looked intractable and it would be pointless to argue further. "Fine," I grumbled. "You get your way this time."

"Good girl." Jackson gave me a pleased smile. He leaned down again and I rose up, anticipating a kiss when Craig interrupted us.

"Mr. Reynard, you might want to move this somewhere private."

My head shot up and I groaned inwardly when I saw a crowd of people lingering around us. Some were watching us with avid interest, not trying to mask their stares. Others were trying to pretend they were otherwise occupied but I saw their glances sliding towards us.

I looked back at Jackson, about to roll my eyes at the crowd we had gathered, but gasped instead when Jackson looked intent on still kissing me.

"Jackson," I whispered urgently, my eyes widening. "Not here. We have an audience!"

Jackson gave me a half-smile as he leaned in closer. "Why not give them a show then? People need to see the truth to believe it."

I bit my lip, not sure if this was the right path to take, but my indecision disappeared when Jackson softly nipped my bottom lip, pulling it free from my teeth. He sucked on it softly before covering my mouth with his, kissing me openmouthed, grazing my lips gently and lovingly. My arms automatically wrapped around his neck as I leaned up into the kiss, forgetting about the crowd of people on the sidewalk. At this moment, the world only contained Jackson and me.

Reality set in as we broke apart and I flushed, aware of the voyeuristic stares as well as the dozens of camera phones that were pointed towards us.

"It's probably not a good idea to make out in public in front of my workplace," I said breathlessly.

Jackson smirked, looking very pleased with himself. "I'm planning on making out with you as much as possible, in public and in private. Get used to it."

He kissed me again quickly before I could respond. "I'll be here at six to pick you up for dinner. Be ready." He turned to speak to Craig who had been standing in front of us, blocking us as much as he could from the crowd. I wanted to rebel against his domineering attitude, but I decided it was wiser to get inside my office as quickly as possible.

As I made my way into the lobby of the building, I heard people approaching Jackson, asking for his autograph and picture, and he cheerfully complied. I wasn't feeling as upbeat as Jackson sounded. Now that we were giving our relationship another try, his appeasing ways had disappeared and he was being downright overbearing. Jackson was probably used to getting his way since the world seemed to cater to celebrities, and I wondered how I would handle this new side to him. He had always been a force to be reckoned with, even when we were younger, but now he seemed dictatorial at times.

I shook my head, trying to clear my thoughts. I needed to concentrate on work today, not mull over Jackson's bossiness. He was taking up way too much of my thoughts lately.

"Good morning, Marie," I said on my way into my office. "Can you step into my office for a few moments? I have a lot of things I want to go over."

"Of course." Marie jumped up, grabbing a pad and pen, and followed me into my office. She took notes dutifully as I rattled off the things I needed for her to do today, relieved that I had such a capable assistant. I made sure to inform her to refuse all calls from the press.

"That's it for today, Marie. Unless there's anything you want to go over with me."

Marie hesitated, looking eager and cautious at the same time. "Do you mind if I ask you a question about Jackson Reynard?"

I was surprised that Marie broached the subject. Since I had started working for Forrester, she had been nothing but professional. While I loved Celeste, I was happy that my own assistant didn't insist on meddling in my personal life. However, Marie had been forced to deal with my personal life once the press started hounding me for comments. I thought it was only fair that she get to ask her question.

"Sure."

"Is it true that you and Jackson were together before he got famous? That he's been pining away for you this entire time?"

I cleared my throat, bemused that even dependable and even-keeled Marie would be interested in this soap opera. "It's true that Jackson and I had a relationship before he became famous. As for pining away for me, only he can answer that."

Marie looked like she wanted to ask more questions, but her professionalism got the better of her, so she just nodded and left my office although she was grinning from ear to ear. I guess Jackson had been right. Everyone loved a fairy tale.

I was spared a barrage of questions from Celeste until after lunch, when she stopped by my office. She closed the door behind me, looking like she was going to burst.

"You've been holding out on me," she said accusingly although her eyes were bright with excitement. "I saw Jackson's interview last night and I finally put two and two together. I can't believe I didn't realize that Jackson Reynard was the Jackson you were dating while you were at Mass Comm!"

I had been waiting for Celeste to put the pieces of the puzzle together. I smiled at her indulgently as she almost quivered with excitement. "It wasn't something I wanted to remember, Celeste. It was a hard breakup, and then when Jackson pushed his way back into my life, I was hoping I could extricate myself without anyone finding out about our past."

"And now?" Celeste asked, practically bouncing up and down in her seat opposite my desk.

"And now, things are a little different. Jackson and I are going to try and give our relationship another chance."

"I can't believe it!" Celeste squealed. She clasped her hands, looking at me dreamily. "Jackson Reynard. I'd leave my husband for one night with Jackson Reynard."

I snorted, shaking my head. "Don't think I haven't heard all your lovey dovey conversations with your husband. You forget I used to sit right next to you at Mass Comm."

"Okay," Celeste relented with a grin. "I wouldn't leave my husband, but I would still love one night with Jackson Reynard. He's so hot, plus he always looks so intense. I wouldn't mind some of that intensity directed towards me, especially between the sheets."

I burst out laughing at Celeste's outrageous comments, considering Jackson and I were dating again. Nevertheless, I didn't take offense. I reminded myself that people thought of Jackson as a public commodity, a celebrity to be discussed and picked apart. As much as it bothered me, it seemed to come with the territory.

I fielded the rest of Celeste's questions, trying to keep the details to a minimum. After she finally left my office, I was able to get back to work. I grimaced when my cell phone rang and I saw Trisha's name pop up. At this rate, I would never be able to leave work at six.

"Hi, Trisha," I said resignedly.

"Emma, everywhere I turn I see pictures of you and Jackson together. And now he's told everyone about the past and that he's trying to win you back. What's going on? You're not back together, are you?"

I knew Trisha wouldn't be happy with the news that Jackson and I were giving our relationship another shot. She had seen firsthand what the end of our relationship had done to me.

"We were kind of forced together by circumstance. Candace Stile was lying about being involved with Jackson. She just wanted the publicity before her debut as a singer. With all the ridiculous stories floating around about me, Jackson wanted to put an end to it. He and his publicist thought the best way was to tell the truth about our past. With a little stretching of the truth about his relationship with Candace. He didn't think anyone would believe him if he outright denied dating her."

"So this is just for show?"

I hesitated before answering. "That's how it started, but...Jackson and I decided to try again, to see if we can make it work this time." Trisha's silence told me exactly what she thought of the idea so I hurriedly continued. "I know what you think, Trisha, but I still love him. I...I don't think I can be happy without him."

"Emma, I want you to be happy, but have you forgotten what he did to you? He cheated on you with Claire the entire time you were together! How was he able to justify that?"

"He's apologized and admitted that it was a mistake, but I haven't really asked for an explanation. I can't even think about Claire without wanting to scream."

"So you're just letting him off the hook?" Trisha sounded sad and disappointed. "He doesn't even have to be accountable for his actions? I love you, Emma, and I want you to be happy, but how do you know he'll be faithful this time? Especially now that he has women throwing themselves at him. How can you trust him?"

My heart felt heavy listening to Trisha, knowing that she was right. We could never wipe the slate clean if I never got an explanation as to why Jackson had been unfaithful. It had been a constant question in my head, but I kept pushing it back, not wanting to ruin what we were starting. But I knew eventually I would have to broach the subject to truly give our relationship another chance.

"I'm not letting him off the hook. I believe him when he says he loves me and he's sorry. I'm planning on asking for an explanation, but not just yet. There's so much stuff to deal with right now with the press hounding us." I pressed on the pendant beneath my blouse, trying to calm my anxiety.

Trisha sighed heavily, and I felt the weight of her concern. "Okay, Emma. I guess you have to do what you think is best. Remember, I'm always here for you. Sean too. He practically threw his cane at the TV last night during Jackson's interview, thinking that he was exploiting you."

I ended the call with promises to contact her if I needed to talk. My earlier exuberance was dampened by the reality of Trisha's words as they sunk in. I knew she was right. I would have to ask Jackson for answers, not just blindly wish away his infidelity.

I forced myself to concentrate on work for the remainder of the day, as difficult as it was. I had two client meetings, fortunately at my office, and I could see that they were interested in more than their upcoming advertisements, their eyes curious as they studied me. I pretended that nothing was out of the ordinary, even when one of them slyly asked me if I had seen Crossing Wires, Jackson's latest movie. I just glibly answered that I didn't have much time lately to watch movies and continued with my presentation.

By the time six o'clock rolled around, I was relieved. Despite my earlier anxiety, I was eager to see Jackson. He had texted me that he was outside my building and I hurriedly shut down my computer and packed up my things.

"Bye, Marie," I said as I passed by her desk. "Have a great weekend."

"You too," she replied with a smile that was wider than normal

I was waiting for the elevator when I heard Celeste call out my name behind me. I turned as she rushed towards me, her purse slung over her shoulder.

"I heard that Jackson's downstairs waiting for you," she said breathlessly. "Can I meet him?"

I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. It was amazing how quickly news spread. Someone had probably spotted Jackson outside and now everyone would be whispering about it. Despite my exasperation, I figured it wouldn't hurt to introduce Jackson to Celeste. Maybe it would lessen her curiosity.

"Alright, but don't barrage him with questions, okay?" The elevator doors opened and we both stepped inside. I gave her a meaningful look, not wanting to discuss Jackson in the crowded elevator, and Celeste seemed to get the message, just nodding eagerly.

Craig was waiting outside by the SUV when we stepped out of the building, straightening when he saw our approach.

"That's a Mercedes-Benz G63," Celeste said, sounding awed. "I didn't even think they were available yet." Celeste's husband was a car enthusiast and she picked up a lot of knowledge at the car shows he was always dragging her to.

I shrugged, not knowing much about cars. My heart leapt when the back door opened and Jackson stepped out, grinning at me.

"Forget the car," Celeste muttered as we drew closer. "I see something else I like better."

I rolled my eyes and Jackson gave me a questioning look as he leaned down to hug me, giving me a quick peck on the lips. "Hi, sweetheart, how was work?"

"Good," I answered simply. Jackson didn't let go of me, wrapping his arm around my waist so that our sides were pressed together, facing a gawking Celeste. "Jackson, this is Celeste. We used to work together at Mass Comm and now we both work at Forrester."

Jackson smiled widely, holding out his hand. "Celeste. Good to finally meet you. I used to hear a lot about you when Emma worked at Mass Comm."

Celeste seemed delighted that Jackson remembered her, taking his proffered hand as she grinned. "It's so nice to meet you! I'm a big fan. Little did I know that the Jackson Emma always talked about years ago was the Jackson Reynard."

Jackson winked at Celeste and she positively glowed from his attention. What was it with people and celebrities? I had never understood the allure of worshipping people that were no different from us. Then again, dealing with the demons of Jackson's betrayal had previously left a bad taste in my mouth when it came to celebrities.

"We'll have to go out for drinks sometime," Jackson said as he drew me towards the SUV. "But now I have to steal Emma away. We have dinner reservations. It was good meeting you."

"You too!" Celeste exclaimed, looking positively thunderstruck at Jackson's suggestion of getting together sometime.

"Have a good weekend, Celeste," I said, amused at her cartoonish expression of glee as we climbed into the car. She waved at us as Craig pulled away.

"All the adoration must get tiring," I said with a sardonic smile. "How do you put up with it?"

Jackson smiled back faintly. "It actually does get a little old. Don't get me wrong, I appreciate all my fans. They're the ones that make my movies successful, giving me the freedom to choose which roles I want. But it would be nice to be able to live my personal life anonymously."

Jackson wrapped his arm around my shoulders and I cuddled close, relishing the feel of his hard body against mine. "Maybe we should leave everything behind and move to Bora Bora," I joked. "We can spend our days fishing and our nights listening to the ocean."

Jackson's arm tightened around me as he kissed the top of my head. "Just tell me when you want to go." Jackson's tone was serious and I looked up at him. There was no answering smile on his face at my jest as he gazed back at me unflinchingly. I lowered my head, leaning against Jackson's shoulder again. I didn't know how to reply so I decided it was better not to.

It took a while to get to Romero's because of rush hour traffic, but I enjoyed the ride, feeling cocooned in the safety of the car, the sounds of the city muffled. Craig stared resolutely ahead and I soon forgot he was even there. I was slightly disappointed when the car pulled up in front of the restaurant.

Jackson opened the car door and exited, turning to take my hand and help me out. I was grateful, needing the help since the SUV was high off the ground and I was in heels. Jackson stopped to say a quick word to Craig, and then led me inside the restaurant.

"I guess not everything can stay the same," I commented as I looked around. From the outside, Romero's had looked exactly the same, but they had done a full renovation inside. The dark wood paneling had been replaced with bright white walls with accents of blue. The worn out chairs and tables with red-checked tablecloths had disappeared, and in their place were modern looking white tables with sleek plastic molded seats. Instead of feeling cozy, the restaurant looked sophisticated and chic.

"Let's just hope the food is the same," Jackson said as he guided me to the hostess station with a light hand on the small of my back. The hostess' mouth dropped with recognition as she stared at Jackson. She glanced at me, her eyes widening even more, and then turned back to Jackson.

"Hi. I have a reservation for Jack Reynolds for six-thirty."

"Of course," the hostess tittered, still looking awed. I wondered why Jackson bothered using a pseudonym when he obviously wasn't trying to disguise himself.

Heads were turning to look at us as the hostess guided us to our table. I was dismayed when I saw her lead us to a table in the center of the restaurant, but I didn't see any others available.

"Enjoy your dinner. Please let me know if you need anything," the hostess said breathily as she handed us our menus. Jackson nodded, not seeming to even notice her come-hither look.

"Why did you use a fake name?" I asked as I opened my menu, happy to see that at least the food looked the same.

"Habit," Jackson said shrugging. "I'm so used to giving out fake names when booking things that it's second nature. I prefer that people not know I'm frequenting their establishments beforehand. It prevents unwanted attention." He smiled slightly at me. "Although tonight I don't mind the world knowing that you're mine."

I smiled back at Jackson, my cheeks flushing. I had been prepared to ask Jackson about Claire tonight, about why he had cheated on me, but I decided to save it for another time. I just wanted to enjoy being with Jackson tonight.

I tried to ignore the glances of the other diners, grateful that at least no one seemed to whipping out their phones to take pictures. Fortunately, our waiter was a consummate professional and didn't bat an eye at Jackson, providing excellent service without fawning over him.

"I'm glad to see you didn't order the squid ink pasta," Jackson said with a grin after the waiter left. "I don't think I can stomach it tonight."

"I learned my lesson." I looked around the restaurant out of the corner of my eye. "Doesn't it bother you that everyone is looking at us? I feel like we're on display at a zoo. I keep expecting someone to throw bananas at us."

"You get used to it. Pretty soon you won't even notice it."

I didn't think that was possible, but I did my best to block it out. I was grateful that at least the tables were far enough apart so that we could have a private conversation.

"Does your publicist have plans for what to do next?"

"I have a few more interviews lined up," Jackson replied, pausing as the waiter set down our glasses of white wine before quickly disappearing. "She thinks it's a good idea if we give an interview together for a print magazine. We can manage what's published in a magazine better than a televised interview."

"I don't know, Jackson," I said nervously. "I've never done anything like that before. What if I say the wrong thing?"

"Don't worry." Jackson reached over and grasped my hand that was resting on the table. "I'll be right there with you, and Marcie will brief you before the actual interview to help you with what to say."

"Did she do that with you?" I asked, wondering how much of Jackson's public declaration had been his own words. I felt a bubble of happiness when he shook his head.

"Marcie knows better than to try and guide me on what to say. She might be helpful for you though, make you feel more prepared. But I have no doubt you'll do fine."

"Let me think about it. I'm not sure if I'm ready to say things on the record yet."

Jackson nodded, accepting my answer. "We have time. Candace's people haven't released a response yet to my interview last night. They're probably scrambling to try and find a way to spin this to their advantage."

I sighed, taking a sip of my wine. "I never thought these things were so deliberate, so planned out. It's so calculated."

"You'd be surprised at how many Hollywood relationships are business arrangements. Celebrity relationships bring a lot of attention, perfect for when you're releasing a new project. Even the breakups are negotiated and planned."

The whole thing was disenchanting but I dismissed it from my thoughts. I had a more pressing topic of conversation.

"Do you mind if I ask you a question about your apartment?" My tone was hesitant, cautious. Jackson grimaced but he nodded stiffly. I continued even though it was an uncomfortable topic. "You already told me why you made it look exactly the way it was while we were dating, but I don't understand why you kept it like that all these years."

Jackson's grasp on my hand tightened as he looked at me grimly. "It would be easy to just claim that I left it like that because I was too busy to change it. But I'm not going to lie to you." He looked slightly embarrassed but continued. "These years apart have been...difficult for me. I had a hard time coping with us not being together, even as time passed. I spent a lot of time in that apartment. Whenever I had time off, I would come to New York and stay there. It made me feel connected to you." His lips twisted bitterly. "That must sound pretty sick."

I shook my head, not wanting him to feel alone in not having been able to get past our failed relationship. "No, I understand. It was a way to cope."

Jackson laughed harshly. "You probably wouldn't think that if you knew what I did in that apartment. How many times I jerked myself off with your skirt, imagining that I was inside you. You saw all those pictures I had of you, how I placed all your things as if you were going to walk through the damn door any minute. Sometimes I would believe it. Sometimes I thought if I waited long enough, you'd appear. When you didn't, I would talk to you like you were there. Even though I was fucking alone." Jackson's eyes were glittering with self-loathing. "Not the healthiest coping mechanism."

I was shocked by how much Jackson had been suffering all these years, but I was also a little disturbed by what he had revealed. It sounded mentally unstable, as if he had created a fictional world where we were still together.

"It sounds a little unbalanced," I admitted. "I understand the pain you were going through, but not facing reality probably just made it worse."

Jackson's grip on my hand tightened almost painfully. "Promise me you'll never leave me again," he said urgently in a low voice. "Promise me, Emma."

"How can I make that kind of promise, Jackson? We don't know what the future holds."

"Emma, I'll never do anything to hurt you again. I swear. Promise that you'll never leave me as long as I don't do anything to hurt you." Jackson sounded desperate and my heart ached for him. I couldn't help but give him what he wanted. I also wanted him to know that even though his confession had unsettled me, he wasn't alone in clinging to the past.

"I promise, Jackson. You're not the only one who's been holding onto the past." I reached underneath my shirt, pulling out the diamond pendant. Jackson stared at it, and then his eyes shot up to mine.

"I was afraid to ask what you had done with the necklace I had given you."

I smiled sadly at Jackson. "It seems like we've both had problems moving on. You were honest with me. I'll be honest with you. I can't count how many nights I lay in bed, clutching this necklace and wishing you were beside me." I lowered my gaze, embarrassed by my next confession but needing to share it with Jackson. "That night when you came over to my apartment for the first time and I got upset when you tried to kiss me...I put on the necklace after you left. I lay in bed and pretended you were with me, that my fingers touching myself belonged to you." I looked back up at Jackson with a grimace. "I did that these past five years more often than I'd like to admit. So you weren't the only one that had an unhealthy coping mechanism."

Jackson eyes darkened as he lifted our joined hands, softly kissing my knuckles as he gazed at me intensely. "Thank you for telling me that." He smiled ruefully, dispelling the somber mood. "It makes me feel a little less crazy."

I was relieved when the waiter arrived with our food. It signaled a shift in the conversation as we moved to lighter topics.

"The ravioli is as good as I remember. Although it might have tasted a little bit better before when I took yours."

Jackson grinned as he twirled some linguine with clams onto his fork. "I'm just glad I'm not stuck eating a plate of squid ink." He paused before putting the forkful of food in his mouth. "What are you doing tomorrow?"

"Nothing much besides a pressing date with my laundry. Why?"

"I have to go to a party tomorrow night. A friend is opening a lounge downtown and I promised to go to the launch party. I would love for you to come with me."

I hesitated, not sure if I felt up to a swanky party, especially since there was bound to be press there. "Who's the friend?"

"Marc Bradley."

I frowned, now realizing that it would be a media circus. Only Jackson's offhand mention of a friend would be an A-list celebrity. Marc Bradley was a megastar and had recently been nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal as a prisoner of war. I knew most people would jump at the opportunity to go to a celebrity party, but most normal people didn't have men wielding cameras and yelling questions about their personal life at them.

"I'm not sure if I'm up for something so high-profile."

"Please, Emma. I would really appreciate it if you came. I'm not looking forward to this party any more than you are, but I promised Marc I'd make an appearance. It would be so much bearable if you were with me. We don't have to stay long."

"I guess it wouldn't kill me to rub elbows with the rich and famous," I said ruefully. I had a feeling I was going to have to make a lot of concessions in the future if I was going to have a relationship with a celebrity.

Jackson looked relieved when I relented. "So the only question left is whether to stay at your place or mine tonight."

"Don't you think we're overdoing it a bit? It might be a good idea not to spend so much time together, to give each other some breathing room. Besides, aren't you supposed to be trying to win me back in the eyes of the media? Being together all the time takes away the mystery of whether you'll succeed."

"Despite giving the media what they want, I'm not going to let them dictate how we handle our relationship. We've had five years of breathing room. I plan on making up for lost time." Jackson's jaw tightened. "Unless you object to that."

I shook my head, not wanting him to misunderstand. "It's not that I don't want to spend time with you. It's just...our relationship was so intense five years ago. We spent practically every waking moment together. Actually, we spent every moment together, both awake and asleep. Maybe that was unhealthy." And maybe that was one of the reasons why you turned to Claire, I thought. Because you wanted something less intense.

"No," Jackson said implacably. "I'm not taking time apart because of some notion of what's healthy." Jackson raised an eyebrow self-deprecatingly. "As I've told you, I'm not exactly the model for healthy behavior. We'll stay at your place. Less ghosts."

I was exasperated at Jackson's autocratic demeanor again, but I had to admit that I wanted to spend the night together as well. I decided not to push it.

We finished dinner with creme brulee and bread pudding. I hadn't planned on ordering dessert but the waiter had insisted that it was on the house, compliments of the chef. Jackson didn't seem surprised by the offering, and I wondered if one just got used to the special treatment that came along with being famous.

When we exited the restaurant, Craig was in his normal stance by the SUV and I had to admit that it was nice never having to worry about catching a taxi or taking the subway.

"Do you need to stop by your apartment and pick up some clothes?"

"No, it's okay. I have a few things with me already." He nodded his head towards a black overnight bag behind us in the trunk.

"I guess you staying over was a foregone conclusion," I said with a smirk.

Jackson smiled at me seductively, raising his hand to cup the back of my head, kneading my scalp gently with his fingers. I shivered, feeling the sensation all the way down my spine. "I can be very convincing when I want to be."

My gaze shot to Craig in the driver's seat, but he was staring resolutely ahead, pretending not to hear anything. It didn't make me any less self-conscious. I was surprised when Jackson reached over to press a button and a tinted partition rose between the front and back seats. We were effectively closed off from the entire world since the windows on the sides were tinted as well.

"Well, that's convenient. Is there somewhere to put quarters in so that the backseat starts vibrating?"

Jackson's green eyes gleamed as he continued massaging my scalp. "No, but I can do my best to replicate the sensation with my mouth."

I laughed but I couldn't deny the clenching of my lower body in anticipation. "Behave! Even though Craig can't see us, I'm sure it's not soundproof back here. I would be too mortified to ever leave this car if he heard me panting back here."

Jackson's hand drifted down from my scalp to the small of my back, just above the crease of my buttocks. He massaged the area gently, rubbing one long finger between the crease, and I felt my hips involuntarily tilt towards him.

"For your sake, I hope we don't encounter too much traffic, because I plan on having you panting in a few moments, whether it's here in the backseat or in your apartment."

I swallowed as I glanced out the window, willing the traffic to clear. I had a feeling that if Jackson continued his caresses, I wouldn't care who heard me.

Chapter Nineteen

"That's disgusting," I said, wrinkling my nose as I watched Jackson slather a bagel with so much cream cheese that it was almost the same thickness as the bread. "I forgot how much cream cheese you put on your bagel. You might as well just eat it straight from the tub with a spoon."

Jackson paused from spreading the cream cheese on his bagel and looked pointedly at my chest. "I could think of something else I'd like to lick cream cheese off of," he said with a wicked gleam in his eye.

"You're incorrigible!" I laughed, surprised that I still felt a tingle in response to his words, considering I was worn out from our intense lovemaking last night. We had made it back to my apartment from Romero's in record time and I had a niggling worry that Craig had overheard us in the backseat, and as a result, had driven through the streets like Mario Andretti. I had blushed when I had bade him goodnight, but his expression had been blank when he had returned the sentiment.

We hadn't been able to make it to the bedroom, our passion making us rip off each other's clothing before we even made it to the living room. I didn't protest when Jackson pushed me into the kitchen and lifted me up onto the counter. I clutched the edge as he spread my legs apart and stood between them, giving him full access to my quivering arousal. He blew lightly on my aching cleft, making me clench my lower body in anticipation. I was confused when he abruptly stood up with a cool expression, as if he was no longer feeling the eruption of our passion, but his jutting erection was a dead giveaway of his arousal.

"I'm hungry. Do you have anything to eat?" he asked casually. I watched him in disbelief as he opened the refrigerator and then the freezer, as if he were looking for a midnight snack. I was naked, my arms leaning back and supporting my weight as I panted with arousal, my legs apart on the counter and my hips tilted up, completely exposed.

"What are you talking about?" I choked out, watching Jackson dig in the freezer. "We just had dinner. And we're, uh...kind of in the middle of something." My feet curled in frustration, my toes clenching together in need.

Jackson turned back from the freezer, holding a pint of vanilla ice cream. "I found something I want," he said as he closed the freezer and rummaged through my drawers, finding a spoon. My core flooded with warmth when he returned to me, pressing against the counter between my legs. He had a devilish glint in his eye as he took off the lid, dipping the spoon inside.

"Hmm," he said consideringly, as his gaze wandered down my heaving body. My panting seemed to have gotten louder and I couldn't control my breaths. "I know what would make this ice cream taste even better."

He slowly slid the back of the spoon against my collarbone, the metal icy cold from the ice cream melting on top. I shuddered as Jackson slowly glided the back of the spoon down my chest, leaving a cold trail on my hot skin. I held my breath when the spoon came closer to my aching nipple, the erect bud tightening as the metal spoon came tantalizing close. I whimpered when the back of the spoon finally slid against my rock hard peak, pushing against the nub, the cold sensation feeling searingly erotic. I watched as Jackson tipped the spoon, allowing the melting ice cream to dribble onto my breast.

"Jackson!" I cried out when he quickly took my taut nipple in his mouth, catching the ice cream and suckling hard. Jackson's hot mouth and the cold ice cream was an intoxicating mixture and I was helpless against it, pushing up my breast as I reveled in the feeling of Jackson's teeth tugging on my nipple. I felt as if I was going to explode with sensation as Jackson's warm tongue made a hot path down my stomach, licking up the drips of ice cream that had escaped.

"So sweet. You're so sweet," Jackson whispered. "I need more."

I wrapped my legs around Jackson and pushed my wet core against him, struggling to keep myself propped up on the counter, weak from desire.

"It's okay, sweetheart. Lay back. I have a lot more tasting to do." Jackson guided me to lie back on the counter, my legs still circled around him as he leaned forward against the counter, against the center of my arousal. He took another spoonful of ice cream and lavished the same attention to my other nipple, breathing harshly when I arched my back and mewled in pleasure. He then took his time dripping melted ice cream down my body and licking it up. Down my stomach and my belly button, working his way down to my epicenter of pleasure, my climax just on the brink of being unleashed. I couldn't believe how hot I was getting, watching him work his tongue on my body, the hot and cold sensations making me squirm and my toes curl. I didn't think I could take anymore when he unwrapped my legs around him, spreading them apart as far as they would go.

"Now what I'm really hungry for," Jackson rasped, his eyes glittering. I sucked in a sharp breath when I felt the cold spoon against my engorged clit, the sensation on my most sensitive spot both pleasurable and painful. I watched transfixed as Jackson dipped his spoon into the container, filling it with melted ice cream.

"Jackson, please!" I cried out in a garbled voice as I felt it dripping on my clit and down the cleft of my already sopping slit, not sure what I was even asking for. It felt so erotic that I felt like I was going to go crazy, the cold liquid on my wet arousal making my muscles clench reflexively. Jackson lowered his head, sliding his tongue up my cleft, lapping up my wetness and the ice cream as if it was the best thing he had ever tasted. When his mouth latched onto my swollen clit and suckled hard, his tongue laving it up and down inside his mouth, I lost it and felt convulsions shudder through my lower body, keening out in pure pleasure.

When the haze cleared, Jackson was standing between my legs again and gazing at me with glittering eyes. He leaned down and kissed me softly and thoroughly and I tasted myself and the vanilla ice cream on his tongue. It was so erotic that I felt a last convulsion shudder through me.

"I love the taste of you," Jackson whispered against my mouth. "You're even sweeter than ice cream."

"Jackson," I groaned, his words making me tremble. I could feel the stickiness of the residual ice cream between our bodies, and I found it incredibly carnal. The ice cream was then forgotten, melting on the counter, as Jackson hooked his hands behind my knees and lifted my legs, giving him easy access to my slickened center. His control had been amazing while he had been teasing me with the ice cream, but it slipped as the head of his erection pushed through my sensitive folds and he slammed into me, guttural noises tearing from his throat as he consumed me, thrusting into me over and over again until I felt my response building. We both climaxed violently, Jackson holding my hips in place as he shot into me and I flexed convulsively around his shaft.

After the last of our climaxes left our bodies and we caught our breath, Jackson smiled at me ruefully as he looked down at the floor. We had knocked over the container of ice cream in our frenzied coupling, and ice cream was now dripping down the cabinets and all over the floor.

Even though it had been a pain to clean up the sticky mess, Jackson's suggestive comment this morning about the cream cheese made me forget the effort it had taken to clean the kitchen. Instead, I remembered how much fun it had been to clean each other in the shower afterwards.

But I resisted the urge to act on Jackson's invitation. I was nervous about the party tonight and wanted to spend the day shopping, determined to find a dress that would make Jackson proud to have me on his arm. I was surprised when he said he would join me. The Jackson of five years ago often went shopping with me, holding my bags and leering playfully as I modeled the clothes I tried on for him. But I didn't expect the Jackson of today to want to do something as monotonous as shopping. Regardless, I was happy to accept his offer to accompany me and we were finishing up bagels we had ordered in before we hit the stores.

Jackson shrugged when I didn't bite at his invitation with the cream cheese. "We can always save it for next time. At least we don't have to worry about it melting and making a mess."

I laughed, even though I felt my cheeks warming. I could be so wanton and illicit with Jackson in the heat of passion, but sometimes in the light of day, it still dumbfounded me how raw I could get with Jackson in the haze of arousal.

"I didn't know you were so into food and sex."

Jackson gave me a half-smile, looking irresistible as a shaft of morning light coming in through the window made his dark brown hair shine with golden highlights. His green eyes looked brilliant against the backdrop of his tanned skin, his dimples peeking out at me. Jackson's muscled forearms looked strong and powerful as he rested them on the breakfast table, leaning towards me. My heart felt too full, as if it was going to burst with happiness and relief. I never thought I would feel this way again, that I would be sitting across from Jackson feeling fulfilled and desired.

"Me neither. I'm learning that I'm into anything that involves you."

I lifted up my hand, brushing a lock of his hair back that had fallen onto his forehead. Jackson caught my hand in his, lowering it and turning his head to kiss my palm softly.

"I'm happy our ending was different from Hubbell and Katie's," he said quietly. My heart fluttered from his reference to The Way We Were, not realizing that my gesture mirrored the ending of the movie until Jackson mentioned it. "It would kill me if I had to walk away from you because of my own stupid mistakes."

I smiled at Jackson tenderly, my love for him surging through me. "We got to rewrite our ending. Maybe we should be thanking Candace for being a scheming liar."

Jackson smiled ruefully. "I don't know if I would go that far, but it did bring us together, which I'm grateful for. Now that we're back together, I can't remember how I lived life without you."

I smiled sweetly at Jackson but then caught sight of the clock on the wall behind him. I stood up, grabbing our coffee cups. "I'd love to stay here all day gazing into each other's eyes and waxing poetic about our relationship, but I have some shopping to do."

Jackson grinned, slapping me lightly on the behind. "Brat. That's what I get for trying to be romantic." Nevertheless, he stood and picked up our plates, following me into the kitchen. "Where do you want to go shopping?"

"Let's try Bloomingdale's first. We can work our way downtown if I don't find anything there."

"Why don't we just go to Fifth Avenue? All the stores are on one street so we don't have to run around the city. My assistant can call for private appointments, if you want. She knows more about that kind of stuff than I do."

I raised an eyebrow at Jackson. "Since when do you have an assistant?"

Jackson quirked his mouth, looking slightly abashed. "Unfortunately it comes with the territory. Marcie hired one without even telling me years ago, and I didn't have the heart to fire her. But Sherry, my assistant, doesn't get to do much. I usually don't even have her travel with me so she's twiddling her thumbs back in L.A. Calling stores and setting up appointments would give her something to do."

"Thanks for the offer, but I think my landlord would prefer me paying my rent this month, and I have a feeling that shopping in stores that take private appointments might be out of my price range."

"I'm buying your dress," Jackson said, frowning. His brows were furrowed together and I had a feeling that we were about to have a battle of wills.

"Jackson," I said, placing my hand on his arm to gentle my words. "I appreciate the offer, but I can afford to buy my own dress."

Jackson's frown became even more pronounced. "I didn't say you couldn't afford to buy your own dress. I said that I'm buying the dress for you. You're the one doing me a favor by coming with me tonight." Jackson's expression grew fiercer as he wrapped an arm around my waist, pulling me close. "Besides, we're together now. If I want to buy my woman a dress, I'm damn well going to buy her a dress."

"I just-" I hesitated, trying to choose words that wouldn't offend Jackson, but I couldn't forget the dozens of articles I had read accusing me of being a gold-digger. "I don't want you to think that you have to shower me with gifts. I don't want you for your money."

"I'm going to pretend you didn't say that, otherwise I'm going to be seriously angry that you would ever think I would believe that. Don't start believing the crap they write in that trash they call magazines." Jackson increased the pressure of his arm, pushing me closer so that I had to tip my head back to keep eye contact with him. He looked grim as he gazed down at me. "I'm buying you a dress because you belong to me. If I want to spend money on you, that's my prerogative. You're mine and I take care of what's mine."

Jackson's possessive forcefulness took my breath away and I felt equal parts frustrated and pleased. It thrilled me to hear Jackson say I belonged to him, but another part of me wondered if this kind of attachment was unhealthy. I couldn't help wondering if the co-dependency in our prior relationship had pushed him towards Claire. I forced the thought from my mind, not wanting to depress myself. I just decided to let it go today and let Jackson have his way. I was hoping that we had a lifetime together to negotiate the terms of our relationship.

"Okay," I relented. "But no private appointments. Let's just shop like we're normal people." On that note, I glanced at his outfit. He was wearing his standard casual outfit, jeans and a well-worn t-shirt, but I frowned at his bare head. "Shouldn't you wear a cap? Do you have sunglasses with you? Everyone will recognize you."

Jackson leaned down and gave me a quick kiss, obviously pleased that I had capitulated. "I don't care if people recognize me. I'm tired of living my life hiding behind baseball caps and sunglasses. I'm shopping with my girlfriend today and I don't care who sees it. You forget I'm not the only one who will be recognized now."

My pulse quickened at Jackson's use of the term girlfriend and I decided if Jackson was okay with being recognized, I was fine with it as well. Besides, if I wanted a future with Jackson, I had to get used to him being a public figure. I doubted people would actually recognize me on my own, but standing next to Jackson was a dead giveaway.

Craig was waiting for us downstairs and I couldn't help feeling bad that he had to spend so much of his time just waiting around to see where our whims took us. He double-parked when we got to the shopping district of Fifth Avenue, taking his usual position of leaning against the side of the car looking foreboding. I felt sorry for the police officer that would try to give him a ticket.

Even though I insisted on no private appointments, Jackson had still called Sherry for advice about which stores to go to. Apparently, she was a clotheshorse with impeccable taste and I couldn't help but wonder what she looked like. I pushed the unwelcome feeling of jealousy aside. I was going to trust Jackson until he gave me a reason to be suspicious.

"Sherry highly recommended Ferragamo. Do you like that designer?"

"Sure, when I see it on the runways on television. Isn't it really expensive?"

The corners of Jackson's lips turned down. "Remember, no looking at price tags. Just choose what you like and try it on. Otherwise, I'll do the choosing."

I sighed at Jackson's autocratic manner but didn't comment. Most girls would be flattered that their boyfriend wanted to spare no expense when shopping, but most girls didn't have the world thinking they were money-grubbing opportunists.

I let Jackson guide me into the store and we were instantly transported from the loud crowd of Fifth Avenue into a hushed mecca of fashion. There were a few customers milling around but I noticed the salespeople outnumbered them.

A tall saleswoman with thick blonde hair slicked back into a chignon, dressed in shades of grey and dripping with silver jewelry, sauntered over to us and I couldn't help but notice her gaze sweep over my jeans and white blouse that billowed loosely around my waist. I had thought I looked casually chic when I left the apartment but next to this beautiful Amazon woman, I felt inadequate. At least her gaze was kind, if a little bemused.

"Hello. Can I help you?"

It was almost comical the way her expression changed as her gaze drifted to Jackson. Her eyes widened and her lips slightly parted in recognition. To her credit, she recovered quickly and shifted her gaze back to me, as if she was afraid to be caught gawking at Jackson. I couldn't help but notice her eyes narrow as she studied me, and I saw a flare of recognition in her eyes.

"I'm looking for an evening dress for a party."

"Of course," she replied, and I was impressed by her even tone. "How formal of a dress are you looking for?"

I bit my lip, glancing up at Jackson. I wasn't sure how formal a launch party for a lounge would be, especially one that was bound to be celebrity-studded. Jackson answered for me when he saw me hesitate.

"Pretty formal." Jackson glanced down at me, his gaze softening. "Do you want to just look around first?"

I nodded, smiling pleasantly at the saleswoman. "I'll let you know if I need anything."

She nodded and faded into the background, as proficient salespeople do in high-end stores. Jackson and I wandered over to the women's section and I was amused by how sparse the offerings were. I was used to racks of clothes filled with different sizes and styles but at Ferragamo, each pedestal showed off one piece of clothing.

I immediately gravitated towards a black dress that was much more risque than anything I had ever worn. It was black and sleeveless with a plunging neckline that was only a few inches above the waistline. A black belt cinched the middle, the rest of the dress draping down and hitting above the knee.

"Do you like it?"

I turned to Jackson, a half-smile on my face. "Well, it's certainly not like anything I've ever worn before."

"Try it on," he urged. "Why don't you grab a few dresses and put on a fashion show for me. It's been a while since I've been able to ogle you while you try on clothes."

I couldn't help laughing at Jackson's lascivious expression, and I was happy to oblige. The only problem was that all the dresses hanging in the store were size zeroes. I turned to look for the blonde salesperson and she was instantly at my side.

"Did you need something?"

I blinked, a little startled at her sudden appearance, but I just nodded towards the black dress. "I wanted to try that on, but it's not my size."

"We keep all the sizes in the back. Just tell me which dresses you want to try on and I'll be happy to get your size for you." Her eyes assessed me as they swept over me. "A four or six?"

"A six," I answered, although I was worried that these designer clothes were made for twigs and I wouldn't be able to fit into my normal size. I decided not to dwell on it. If I had to wear a bigger size, I would wear a bigger size. I was happy with my figure and Jackson didn't seem to have any complaints.

Jackson trailed behind us as I pointed out the dresses I wanted to try on. I noticed furtive glances in our direction from the other salespeople as well as the handful of customers milling in the store. I heard two Japanese women speaking rapidly to each other in their native language and I gulped when I not only heard "Jackson Reynard" in the mix of Japanese, but also "Emma Mills."

After I had chosen my dresses, the saleswoman, who had introduced herself as Corinne, ushered me into a dressing room that was as big as my living room. The fact that it was better furnished than my living room didn't pass my notice.

"Would you like anything to drink? A glass of champagne?"

I shook my head, wondering if you were always offered refreshments at expensive stores. I couldn't help but laugh at the image that popped into my head of myself drinking a glass of champagne while trying on jeans in the tiny cubicle of a dressing room at Old Navy.

"What's so funny?" Jackson asked as he stepped inside.

"Jackson! You can't come in here!"

"Why not?"

"Because it's a women's dressing room!" I didn't want to explain that I was horrified at the thought of Jackson watching me struggle into a too-small dress. There needed to be some mystique in our relationship.

"It's not like bathrooms where only one sex is allowed," Jackson said, looking amused.

"But...but, I need my privacy," I sputtered. "I don't want you watching me dress."

Jackson raised a quizzical eyebrow. "I'd say we're beyond modesty at this point. There's not an inch of your body I'm not intimately acquainted with."

"That's different."

Jackson sighed but he pointed to a curtain that was tucked away in a crevice in the wall. I hadn't noticed the curtain and saw that there was a curving rod that would give me complete privacy if pulled across, a sofa on the other side where Jackson could wait. I wondered how Jackson knew that curtain was even there. It would be easy to miss unless you were looking for it. My thoughts drifted to how many women Jackson had waited on while they tried on clothes for him, but I pushed those thoughts away. Jackson was with me now and that's all that mattered.

Corinne came back with the dresses I had chosen in my size. She pointed to a button next to the mirror after she had hung them on a rod. "Just press this if you need me." She discreetly left the dressing room and I wondered if she thought we were going to get hot and heavy in here. It was an intriguing thought, but I had more pressing matters to attend to.

"No peeking," I warned ominously as I pulled the curtain across the room. Jackson sighed dramatically but nodded his head.

I had chosen five dresses, including the black one I had seen first, but I decided to save that one for last. I was relieved when I slipped easily into the first dress I tried on and was able to zip up the back with some finagling. I studied myself in the mirror, a little scandalized that I looked almost naked. The dress was made out of white lace with a nude sheath underneath, giving the illusion that I was showing bare skin through the eyelets of the lace. The neckline plunged down low and wide so that the edges of my areolas were nearly showing. I tried in vain to pull the edges of the neckline up, but the dress fit me snugly and wouldn't budge. I pulled the curtain open a bit and peeked my head out at Jackson.

"I can't wear this dress in public! I look naked!"

Jackson shot up at my description, pulling the curtain aside, his eyes smoldering as he looked down at me. "Christ, I can see your tits." He hooked one finger over the edge of the neckline, pulling it down so that one of my nipples popped out. I felt goose bumps rising as he brushed the back of his finger that was still hooked over my neckline across my tight bud that had hardened beneath his perusal.

"Behave!" I said laughing, slapping his hand away. "I don't think Corinne would appreciate us humping like animals in here. Especially in this dress. They probably have a 'you stain it, you buy it' policy here."

Jackson raised his hands in innocence. "I was just helping you out. You wouldn't want to wear a dress where your nipples popped out for everyone to see." His gaze darkened. "Maybe you should get that dress to wear in private. For my enjoyment."

"That means no to this dress," I said lightly, stepping back and closing the curtain. I had looked at the price tag before trying it on, and there was no way I was letting Jackson spend $3,000 on a dress that would never see the light of the day.

I liked the next three dresses I tried on, Jackson weighing in his enthusiastic approval as well, but the minute I slipped on the black dress, I knew it was the one. It fit me like a second skin, the soft black fabric clinging to my hips, the belt emphasizing my narrow waist. But what really made the dress was the neckline. The smooth expanse of my skin between my breasts and halfway down my stomach was provocatively bare, the deep but narrow vee making my neck look even longer and my collarbone more pronounced. I was wearing my diamond pendant and it glittered against my chest, a simple accessory for a deceptively simple yet complex dress. I looked like a different woman in this dress. Dangerous and sensual, a woman who had no problems showing off her sexuality.

I slid the curtain open, turning around in the dress for Jackson. "Is it too much?"

Jackson gazed at me from the sofa, his bland expression turning intense. "Yes, in every good way possible. Too beautiful. Too sexy. Too damned irresistible. You're lucky we're in public, otherwise I'd be peeling that dress off you right now."

I felt pleasure flooding through me at Jackson's open approval, but I frowned when I lifted the price tag hanging off the belt. I had been too excited to try on the dress to look at the price tag beforehand, but now I was dismayed at the price.

"What's wrong?"

"This dress is over $5,000! I mean, as much as I like this dress, how can they charge that much! Was it handmade by a group of monks in a monastery in the Netherlands? Even that wouldn't justify the price. It's highway robbery!"

Jackson grinned at my outraged expression. He walked over to me, kissing me lightly on the forehead. His gaze became tender as he touched the diamond pendant against my chest. "It's well worth the price if it makes you happy. Actually, it's well worth the price because it makes me happy."

"Are you sure?" I asked uncertainly. "Even though it's not my money, it doesn't feel right spending so much on one dress."

"You have no choice in the matter," Jackson said simply. "I know you like the dress so I'm going to buy it. The only thing worse than buying a $5,000 dress is buying a $5,000 dress and not wearing it."

I told myself I would wear this dress every chance I got to justify the expense. I had the ridiculous image of myself going grocery shopping in this dress.

Jackson pressed the button to summon Corinne and she appeared in a matter of seconds. I couldn't help wondering if she had been standing outside the door with her ear pressed up against it. She beamed when she saw me in the dress.

"You look amazing in that dress. It looks like it was made for you."

"We'll take it," Jackson said.

"How about shoes?"

Jackson turned to me at Corinne's question. "Do you have shoes to wear with the dress?"

I nodded vigorously, not wanting Jackson to spend even more money. I was still recovering from the $5,000 dress. Jackson gazed at me speculatively and then turned back to Corinne. "Can you bring in some shoes that you think would go with the dress?"

Corinne nodded eagerly and I saw the dollar signs of a fat commission floating above her head. "How about a clutch? And jewelry?"

"Is a clutch one of those little purses?" Corinne nodded enthusiastically at Jackson's question. "Bring a couple of those too. But no jewelry." Jackson glanced at the diamond pendant.

"Wait!" I sputtered, but Corinne was already gone to do Jackson's bidding. "I'm the one wearing this stuff. Shouldn't I be making the decisions? I don't need shoes or a clutch."

Jackson turned his gaze towards me, looking enigmatic. "Emma, why are you fighting me about spending money on you? It's just sitting around collecting dust."

"It just isn't me," I implored. "I like beautiful things, but I'm not used to spending so much money. It seems almost indecent."

Jackson came close, tipping my chin up to look me in the eyes. "Sweetheart, you need to get used to it. I'm going to spend the rest of my life spoiling you. One of the perks of being an actor is that they pay you an obscene amount of money, just for pretending to be someone else. I'm finally really enjoying spending it. Because it's on you."

It was hard to refuse Jackson's generosity so I decided to stop protesting. When Corinne came back with several pairs of shoes and clutches, I didn't look at the price tags, instead choosing which ones I wanted purely on aesthetic value. I was hesitant about the five-inch platform heels, even though I loved them.

"Do you think I'll break my neck in these?" I asked Jackson as I wobbled across the dressing room.

"Don't worry. If you fall, I'll be there to catch you."

Despite Jackson's reassurances, I settled on nude heels that were just shy of four inches with a bit of a platform. The color made me legs look longer than normal and a silver clutch completed the ensemble. I gulped when Corinne rang up the purchases and the total was well over $8,000, but Jackson just nonchalantly handed over his credit card.

Corinne handed me a business card as Jackson lifted the bag off the counter. "Here's my business card. Feel free to call me personally if you need anything else."

I smiled and nodded my thanks. Now that I had bitten the bullet and let Jackson buy my expensive outfit, I was giddy at the prospect of wearing it tonight. Craig reached for the bag when we stepped out of the store, turning to stow it in the trunk of the SUV.

"Now what?" I asked after we had climbed back into the vehicle. "I didn't think shopping would be over so quick. We have the rest of the day free."

"I can think of some things we can do to pass the time," Jackson said suggestively.

"You have a one track mind!"

Jackson didn't respond because his cell phone started ringing. He routinely turned it off when we were together because he said he didn't want to be constantly interrupted, but he had turned it back on at Ferragamo because he was anticipating a call from Marcie. I stilled when he answered the phone and I heard his greeting.

"Hi, Mom. What's up?"

I had met Jackson's mother a few times and we had gotten along well. His mother had an easy grace and was much more laid back than Jackson was, but I didn't know how she would react to us being back together.

Jackson ran his thumb over the back of my hand absentmindedly as he spoke.

"Yes, we are." Jackson paused, listening to his mother. "She's here with me now."

I tensed at Jackson's words but he just glanced at me and smiled. "Yes, I know, Mom." Jackson sounded a little exasperated and I was desperately curious as to what his mother was saying. "We'll try to make it out there soon, I promise. Okay, I'll tell her. I love you too. Bye, Mom."

I looked at Jackson expectantly as he disconnected the call. "Well?" I said impatiently when he didn't say anything. "What were you two talking about? Was it about me?"

Jackson nodded, looking a little rueful. "She asked me if we were back together, and when I told her yes, she instructed me not to mess it up again. Despite not knowing the details of our relationship five years ago, she's convinced I did something to drive you away." Jackson smirked. "So much for being on her son's side."

I bit my tongue, wanting to blurt out that he did drive me away by cheating with Claire, but technically that wasn't true. I had pushed him away before I found out about his unfaithfulness.

"What did you mean, 'we'll try to make it out there soon?'"

"She wants us to come visit. We'll have to make it out to Westchester one weekend. She wanted me to tell you that she's looking forward to seeing you again." Jackson smiled at me. "She also told me that my brother Ryan made her promise to let him know when we would be visiting so that he could come too."

I was pleased that Jackson's mother approved of the rekindling of our relationship. It was one less thing I had to worry about. I had never met Jackson's father but I hoped he shared his wife's sentiment. I was also eager to meet Jackson's brother since he had never visited from Miami while we had been together before.

We went back to my apartment and ordered in Thai food. I had enjoyed shopping with Jackson, but I had been acutely aware of the stares in the store and even on the sidewalk and was happy to have some privacy. It was a relief that there had been no one trailing behind us, taking pictures. Maybe Marcie's solution was actually working.

She called later that night to discuss the joint interview she wanted Jackson and me to do. I asked if it was still necessary since the fervor had already died down, but she informed us that she had gotten wind of Candace's camp preparing a counter statement that would be released soon. Marcie advised that it was smart to strike while the iron was hot. The interview would be with Vanity Fair and Marcie promised that the questions would be prescreened and all elements controlled. Marcie seemed to know what she was doing so I agreed and she promised to call with the date of the interview.

Jackson and I watched The Way We Were for the millionth time, and it was a bit surreal to be cuddled next to Jackson again, watching Hubbell and Katie drive their relationship into a ditch.

"Second chances," Jackson whispered against my hair at the closing scene where they painfully parted. I nodded, understanding what he meant. I was grateful that we had been given another chance to become more than a memory of the way we were.

Chapter Twenty

I was feeling a mixture of nervousness and excitement when we pulled up to Hydra, Marc Bradley's new lounge. I glanced at Jackson, who looked perfectly calm and collected. I couldn't get over how gorgeous he looked in his dark elegant suit that fit him like a glove. His grey shirt was unbuttoned at the collar and paired with his dark single-breasted jacket, Jackson looked effortlessly sophisticated and urbane. His eyes had lit with approval when he had seen me in my dress, commenting that it was going to be a long night because he was going to be constantly undressing me in his mind. I had flushed with pleasure at his words, but now I was flushed for a different reason. I could see a million flashes going off in a sea of cameras.

"Are you ready?" Jackson asked, studying my face. I put on a bright smile, determined to enjoy tonight.

"I'm ready."

Craig was waiting beside the car and he jumped to grab the door as Jackson opened it. Jackson stepped out first and turned around to offer his hand. I took it gratefully as cameras started going off like crazy and photographers started yelling out our names.

"Jackson! Emma! Over here!"

"Emma, give me a smile!"

"Jackson, does this mean you and Emma are back together?"

"Emma, what did Jackson do to win you back?"

Jackson guided me past the photographers with a relaxed smile but I could feel the tension radiating from his body. I couldn't imagine enduring these personal questions and rabid attention for years, and I understood why Jackson got sick and tired of it. But I knew he was making an effort to play along with the press because of our situation.

"Gentlemen," he said smoothly with a wide smile, "I'm happy to report that Emma is giving me another chance and we're back together."

"Emma!" A man with a protruding potbelly leaned close to me, a camera clutched in his hands. He was so close that I could smell the odor of garlic on his warm breath. "How does it feel to be with one of Hollywood's leading men? Is dating Jackson Reynard a dream come true? Are you intimidated by all the leading ladies he's been with?"

Jackson frowned and made a move towards the man, but I stopped Jackson with a hand on his arm. I turned back to the man, wanting to dismiss him but not able to ignore his questions. "Dating Jackson Reynard is a dream come true, but I believed that five years ago, when we first met and he was still making a name for himself. I'm dating the man, not the image, and Jackson has always been a man to be in awe of. As for other women he's dated, all I care about is today. And today Jackson is with me."

Jackson pulled me close, away from the questioning man, and tipped my chin up with his forefinger, planting a hard kiss on my lips. I was aware of dozens of flashes going off, the crowd in a frenzy over our open affection.

Jackson grinned at me when he pulled back and I rolled my eyes at his smug expression. "Was that necessary?"

"I've decided that I'm going to enjoy myself at the party. That means I'm going to kiss you whenever and wherever the mood strikes me. And the mood seems to strike me an awful lot. It's not my fault you're irresistible."

I was mollified by Jackson's answer and let him guide me past more shouted questions that I ignored. We had to stand in front of a backdrop that Jackson called a step and repeat, posing together for photographers that were yelling our names and asking us to look in their direction. I spotted quite a few celebrities making their way to the step and repeat, and even though I wasn't usually overly excited by fame, it was undeniably thrilling to see these people in real life.

It was a relief when we passed through security and entered the cavernous lounge. It was dimly light with house music pumping through the sound system, although it was subdued enough that you could have a conversation. Hydra was separated into two sections, the first section being much more sedate with sleek sofas and low tables where people were congregating. An impressive bar made out of glass and chrome snaked along the wall of the entire section, manned by several bartenders that were attending to the guests' needs. The second part was more like a club, with a dance floor flashing with strobe lights and a DJ on a platform. There were a few dancers already gyrating on the dance floor, although most of the guests had opted to mingle in the lounge.

"Jackson!" I heard someone call out. We both turned towards the voice and I saw Marc Bradley striding towards us. I couldn't help blinking when I saw him up close. Marc was devastatingly handsome with a shock of blond hair and startling blue eyes. I could imagine him playing the archangel Gabriel with his chiseled features and charming smile. Presently, he was slapping Jackson on the shoulder, looking more human than angelic. "Thanks for coming. I know you hate these types of things."

Jackson quirked his mouth, not denying it. "I owe you one for getting me out of that scrape in Burbank." He wrapped his arm around my waist and glanced down at me. "Emma, this is Marc."

Marc's eyes lit up as he turned to me. "Emma, nice to meet you." I was flummoxed when he gave me a sly wink. I couldn't believe Marc Bradley was winking at me. "I've been reading a lot about you these days. I never thought I'd see Jackson falling all over himself because of a woman."

I smiled and accepted Marc's greeting of a kiss on both cheeks. "I wouldn't go as far as that, but I appreciate the sentiment."

Marc raised an eyebrow. "Don't be so quick to dismiss it. There are a lot of women wondering what you have that they don't, since they weren't able to snare Jackson."

"Marc," Jackson warned, with a slight shake of his head. Marc looked chastened and covered it up with a broad smile.

"Never mind about that. We need to get you two drinks." Marc caught the attention of a waiter carrying a tray of drinks and handed one to each of us. I took a tentative sip as Marc explained it was a French 75, the house specialty cocktail, made from gin, sugar, lemon juice and champagne. It was a dangerous drink, so delicious that you forgot it contained alcohol.

"What made you decide to open up a lounge?" I asked for lack of a better question.

"I've always wanted a place where I could hang out with my friends. A buddy and I opened up a lounge a year ago in L.A. and it's doing really well, so we decided to branch out into New York." Marc smiled wryly. "I tried to get Jackson to invest in Hydra since he spends so much time in New York, but he said he didn't want to shell out money just to have a place to hang out. He thinks that actors opening up bars and restaurants are acts of frivolous indulgence. Even though I told him the returns would be through the roof."

Jackson smiled drily. "I don't remember giving that explanation. In fact, I don't remember giving an explanation at all. I believe my exact words were, 'Hell no.'"

"I'm an actor. I can glean a lot of meaning out of two words."

I watched the interplay between Jackson and Marc, fascinated by this glimpse into Jackson's world. Even though I had tried to steer clear of any news of Jackson throughout the years, it was difficult to block out everything. I had seen pictures of him with female celebrities draped on his arm, rumors about who he was dating and who he was sleeping with. I had tried to block these things from my mind since Jackson and I had rekindled our relationship, not wanting the past to affect our present. However, with Marc's mention of all the women jealous of my relationship with Jackson, questions came rushing to the forefront of my mind. I wondered how many women Jackson had dated during the years we had been apart, if he had been serious about anyone. Despite his insistence that he hadn't been able to forget me, I didn't really believe that meant he didn't routinely have a warm body next to him in bed.

I nodded distractedly as Marc excused himself to make his rounds, disappearing into the crowd. "What did you mean about Marc getting you out of a scrape in Burbank?"

"We were doing a charity event together in Burbank, and an overzealous fan was determined to hide in the backseat of my car. My security was overwhelmed with the amount of fans that showed up since the event was open to anyone who purchased a ticket. Marc saw the woman sneak into the back of my car and escorted her out himself. Turns out, she had duct tape and a knife on her."

"That's insane!" I exclaimed, horrified that there were people that sick and obsessed running loose. "What was she planning on doing?"

"Who knows?" Jackson shrugged, looking unconcerned. "She couldn't explain the duct tape and knife and claimed that she just wanted to meet me in person. She was a small woman. Even if Marc hadn't seen her, nothing would have happened."

"You don't know that," I said fiercely. The thought of some crazed fan attacking Jackson was intolerable. "She could have taken you by surprise and hurt you before you could stop her. I can't stand the thought of you being hurt by some deranged fan. She was lucky I wasn't there."

Jackson smiled at me tenderly, cupping the side of my neck and gently sweeping a thumb against my jawline. "I'm glad I have such an impassioned protector." He leaned down, kissing me softly as his arm tightened around me.

"I never thought I'd live to see the day when Jackson Reynard participated in public displays of affection."

We broke apart at the mocking female voice and I glanced up at a willowy woman with shiny dark brown hair tumbling down her back. I didn't recognize her but that didn't make her any less gorgeous. Hazel cat-shaped eyes assessed me, and I didn't miss the spark of malice in them.

"Leila," Jackson said, nodding in greeting. He didn't seem too excited to see her, his eyes looking flat and dispassionate.

"Hello, Jackson," she said in a lowered voice, as if they were the only two people in the room. She reached out a perfectly manicured hand and grasped the lapel of Jackson's jacket. "It's been a while."

Jackson looked grim as he reached up and removed Leila's hand, dropping it as soon as he succeeded in freeing his jacket from her grasp. "Yes, it's been a while. I scarcely remember the last time we saw each other."

Leila pouted, but her expression turned fuming when Jackson looked down at me with a sweet smile. "Emma, this is Leila." Jackson turned back to Leila, his expression hardening. "This is Emma, my girlfriend."

"Nice to meet you, Leila," I said politely, but Leila was too busy boring holes into Jackson with blazing eyes to respond.

"See you around," Jackson said, clearly dismissing her. He guided me away and I couldn't help cringing at Leila's furious expression.

"Is she an ex-girlfriend or something? Is she going to start sending me dead kittens with threatening letters?" I was trying to sound lighthearted, but I felt a ball of insecurity starting to form in the pit of my stomach.

"I wouldn't call her an ex-girlfriend." Jackson hesitated, looking reluctant to continue. "We...spent some time together in the past."

I nodded, trying to look blase even though jealousy was coursing through me. "Is she an actress? I don't recognize her."

"No, she's a model."

Of course she was.

Jackson and I spent most of the night by the bar, not needing to mingle since everybody seemed to come up to us. The night felt surreal as I tried to keep track of all the celebrities I met, although I was beginning to realize that the bulk of them seemed perfectly nice and normal. But I was dismayed by the amount of women that came up to Jackson, seemingly unsettled when Jackson introduced me as his girlfriend. I couldn't understand why they were so surprised since Jackson had announced his feelings to the world. I wondered if it was because they didn't want to believe it. None of them were as visibly hostile as Leila, but I could feel their disappointment. I couldn't tell if these women were simply wishing that they had a chance with Jackson, or if they were jealous because they had a history with him. It was all a little too much to take in, and as a result, I drank way too much, the French 75s going down like water.

"Shouldn't you be pacing yourself?" Jackson looked concerned as I drained my latest glass. Chloe Masters, dubbed America's sweetheart for all her charming roles in romantic comedies, had just walked away after a last longing look at Jackson.

"This is a party. Loosen up." The room looked a bit hazy and I knew I was overindulging, but I didn't know how else to deal with the questions battering inside my head about Jackson and all these women.

Jackson frowned and shook his head at a waiter that was passing by with a tray full of drinks. The waiter obliged and changed direction mid-stride, avoiding me completely.

"Are you kidding me?" I protested. "I'm old enough to know when I've had enough to drink."

Jackson's frown deepened. "Is something bothering you?"

"What could be bothering me?" I was well aware of my scathing tone but I couldn't stop myself. "I'm at a fancy party with my famous boyfriend, who apparently has truckloads of women lusting after him." The corners of my lips turned down, as the alcohol coursing through my veins made me much bolder than normal. "Have you slept with all of them?"

Jackson's face hardened and he leaned down so his mouth was next to my ear. "This isn't the place to talk about this."

I leaned my head back, my bravado not flinching under his displeased gaze. "Why not? Afraid to answer my question?"

Jackson's mouth tightened but he didn't answer. Instead, he grabbed my arm and I tried to keep up as he dragged me through the lounge. I smiled, trying to feign enjoyment as heads turned to look at us. The last thing I wanted was tomorrow's gossip rags to be dissecting a fight between us. I was expecting Jackson to pull me outside so I was surprised when he led me onto the dance floor. It was now full of writhing bodies, as the frantic beat of an electronica song vibrated through the dance floor.

"I don't want to dance."

Jackson pulled me close so the front of our bodies were plastered together, his hands pushing against the small of my back so that we were intimately entwined.

The music slowed to a heavier beat, hypnotic and slow as Jackson ignored my protest. He lowered his head, his lips brushing against my ear as one hand drifted up to stroke my back. I felt powerless as I swayed with him, the scent of him filling my senses as the warmth of his body enveloped me. My hands that had been fisted against his chest relaxed and I slid them up around his neck.

"I'm sorry." I was mortified by my behavior. Jackson hadn't done anything wrong. I was just letting my insecurities get in the way. It was hard to be in a room full of beautiful women and have half of them lusting after your boyfriend. It didn't help that the majority of these beautiful women were famous and rich. "I just can't stand the thought of you with all those other women."

"I know, sweetheart. I know, because I feel the same way when I think of you with another man."

We let the music wash over us, our bodies molded together as Jackson's lips traveled from my ear to my neck. I shivered when his lips grazed the sensitive curve of my neck, kissing me openmouthed while his tongue tasted me. It was warm on the dance floor with all the bodies, but they gave us a sense of privacy since it was hard to see anything through the mass of people. I could feel the ridge of Jackson's arousal pressing against me and warmth flooded between my legs in response.

"We need to get out of here. Otherwise we're going to have an audience while I spread your legs and fuck you."

It was hard to take in a full breath at Jackson's words, so I just nodded, feeling the same need burning inside of me. We broke apart as Jackson took my hand, guiding me through the crowd. We caught sight of Marc as we navigated through the lounge and Jackson stopped to speak to him.

"Hey, Marc. We're leaving. I'll talk to you later."

"No problem. You actually stayed longer than I thought you would." Marc turned to me with a bright smile. "It was great meeting you, Emma. Let me know if you ever need help keeping Jackson in line."

"I will," I replied with a smile. "It was nice meeting you too."

Craig appeared like magic when we stepped outside onto the sidewalk. I was wondering how he knew when to pull up with the SUV when I saw that Jackson was holding his cell phone. Craig ushered us into the SUV as the remaining press took pictures of us leaving.

Jackson immediately raised the partition when we got into the car. "Did you call Craig to tell him to pull up in front? I didn't even see you use your phone."

"I texted him. We have a few codes that we use to communicate quickly through texts. It's faster and we don't have to worry about people overhearing us."

"Oh." I didn't know what else to say as I looked at Jackson warily. Now that the haze of passion had cleared, I was wondering if we were going to get into an argument about my earlier comments. Jackson's jaw looked hard as he turned towards me, his eyes piercing.

"Do you want to repeat those questions that you asked me earlier?"

I hesitated, not liking the expression on his face. I had been hoping that he would be too turned on to talk about my earlier outburst but I wasn't so lucky. "You can't blame me for wondering. Those women were practically throwing themselves at you, but in a very familiar way."

"I can understand the feeling. I think the only way to resolve this is for both of us to be forthcoming about what we've been doing while we've been apart."

This was starting to feel dangerous. Jackson's tension was palpable and I didn't think it was a good idea to start muddling the present with the past.

"I should have never brought it up. Let's just forget about it."

"It's too late for that. Now I can't stop thinking about who you've been with."

"Does it matter? We're together now."

The determined look on Jackson's face was unsettling.

"Emma, it will exorcise some demons for me. I've spent the last five years imagining you with Sean. Now that I know you weren't together, I'm left wondering what the hell you were doing while we were apart. And my imagination isn't being kind."

I sighed, knowing that Jackson's stubbornness wouldn't let the subject drop. I cursed myself for letting my jealousy mixed with alcohol get me in this uncomfortable spot. "Let's at least wait until we get back to my apartment."

We rode the rest of the way to my place in silence. Our earlier desire had vanished, replaced with a tension that grew as we got closer to my apartment. Jackson's grim expression didn't make things any better.

The silence continued as we rode up the elevator and walked to my apartment door. I took a deep breath after I had unlocked the door and stepped inside, turning to face Jackson.

"Jackson, I'm sorry for letting my jealousy get the best of me tonight. Please, let's just forget about it and enjoy the rest of the night." I raised a hand to caress his cheek. Jackson's jaw tightened and a muscle started twitching in his cheek as if he were gritting his teeth.

"Emma, I need to know."

I dropped my hand as irritation started to rise. "Why? Why do you need to know? If I'm willing to drop whatever you did while we were apart, why can't you?" I didn't add the fact that I was also actively trying to forget what Jackson had done to me while we were together. "I don't think it's a good idea to talk about past relationships."

Jackson grasped my arms. "So there have been past relationships."

I made a sound of frustration, pushing at his shoulders so that I could put some distance between us, but it was like a fly batting against a mountain. Jackson's mouth tightened as he pinned me with his gaze. "I need to know everything about you, Emma. It's driving me crazy not knowing whether you've been with other men while we've been apart."

"When did you get this controlling?" It wasn't a rhetorical question. I genuinely wanted to know what had happened to Jackson to make him so tyrannical at times. It was as if the old sweet Jackson had been melded with a new Jackson that needed to control everything.

"I've spent a lot of years feeling out of control. I swore that if I ever got you back, I wouldn't let anything come between us. And right now, the idea of you with other men is definitely coming between us."

"What do you want me to say?" I cried out, reaching my breaking point. "That I was a nun and never let another man touch me? I guess then it's safe to say that you were celibate all these years. Admirable, considering how many pictures I saw of you with women draped all over you!"

Jackson's expression was grim as his eyes bored into me. "Fine, I'll go first. Have I fucked other women? I have. It's pretty easy when everyone is eager to spread their legs for me. I took what was offered, although not nearly as much as I could have. But the real question is, who was I thinking about when I was fucking those other women? I was imagining your face, your body, pretending that it was you. It was the only way I could get off. Do you know how many times I've had a woman slap me because I called her Emma in the middle of sex? It's even worse when the woman is so desperate to bed me that she doesn't care that I call her by the wrong name."

Revulsion swept through me as tears welled in my eyes. What had happened to my beautiful Jackson that was so full of love and light? He had been replaced with a man that had no problem telling me how he had fucked me by proxy.

"That's sick," I whispered. "I don't want to hear anymore." I turned away, trying to pull out of his grasp but he held tight.

"Not so fast," Jackson said in a soft dangerous voice. "It's your turn."

"Do you want to hear that I slept with other men? Fine, I've slept with other men." My voice was trembling, sadness and anger warring with each other. "Do you want to know if I enjoyed it? Yes, I enjoyed it. Did it compare to what I felt with you? No, it's like comparing a flashlight to the sun. Are you satisfied now?"

Jackson closed his eyes, his mouth twisting as he swallowed hard. He looked furious when he opened his eyes. "How many?" he bit out.

"You said you would never hurt me again," I whispered, unable to hold in my tears anymore. "You're hurting me, Jackson. And you're destroying any chance we have."

The anger on Jackson's face was replaced with terror as he clutched me closer, looking desperate. "Emma, I'm not doing this to hurt you. I just-" Jackson stopped and bowed his head, not looking at me. "I don't know what happened to me. I've become fucked up. I've been fucked up since you left me, but now that you're back in my life, I can't seem to stop being fucked up." He raised his head, looking vulnerable and sad. "Help me, sweetheart. You're the only one that can save me from myself."

My heart surged as I cradled Jackson's head in my hands and pulled him towards me, my lips brushing against his cheek. "You're not fucked up. You're Jackson Reynard, Hollywood heartthrob and movie star. Any woman would be lucky to be with you."

"Including you?"

"Especially me," I whispered. My lips moved over to his mouth, showering him with light gentle kisses. "I get to see the man behind the fame. And he's even more amazing than anyone could imagine. I love you, Jackson."

Jackson groaned, crushing me to him as he increased the pressure of our kiss. We fumbled our way into the bedroom, shedding clothes along the way. I showed Jackson with my body how much I loved him, telling him without words that no man could compare to him. In return, Jackson made me feel cherished and loved.

Afterwards, in the quiet intimacy after our lovemaking, we promised each other that whatever we had done in the past didn't matter. I fell asleep in Jackson's arms, feeling content and peaceful.

The next morning, Jackson dropped the New York Post on the breakfast table along with the bagels he had run out to get. "Check page six."

I warily opened the newspaper and gulped when I saw that a large picture of us in an embrace on the dance floor dominated the page. The intensity of our expressions was clear as day, my arms wrapped around Jackson's arms as he gazed down at me hungrily. The caption read "Jackson Reynard and Emma Mills looking cozy on the dance floor."

In addition to the picture, there was a short article beneath it and I read it with bated breath.

Jackson Reynard burned up the dance floor with date, Emma Mills, at the launch of Marc Bradley's new lounge, Hydra. With all the press about Reynard's recent split with Candace Stile, we were surprised that he would make such a public appearance. Then again, Reynard has been surprising us all lately, with his candor about his relationship with Mills. Reynard is known for keeping his private life out of the public eye, but long-lost flame Mills seems to be bringing out a new side to him. Partygoers reported that they were inseparable at Hydra and couldn't take their eyes off each other.

"It's so weird to read about myself in the paper." I studied Jackson. "Do you ever get used to it?"

"Honestly, I rarely ever pay attention to it. There's so much garbage out there, most of it manufactured." Jackson looked grim as he continued. "It's different now that you're involved. I felt like pummeling every reporter I could find when I read the stories they wrote about you when news first broke about us."

I smiled, covering Jackson's fist on the table with my hand. "I appreciate the sentiment, but I'd prefer it if you kept your fist out of range of reporters' faces. They're not worth it."

Jackson nodded but looked unconvinced. I distracted him by opening the bag of bagels, pulling out an egg bagel which I knew was his favorite. "Do you want yours toasted?"

"No, thanks." Jackson's eyes lit up when I pulled out the tub of cream cheese, looking over at me suggestively. I burst out laughing at his lascivious expression.

"Not today. I'm still sore from last night. We'll have to postpone using the cream cheese indecently."

Jackson looked disappointed, but a corner of his mouth lifted up in a smile. "I'll hold you to that." Jackson grabbed a cinnamon raison bagel that was already cut in half from the bag and started spreading a thin layer of cream cheese on top.

"What do you want to do today?"

I watched as Jackson finished spreading the cream cheese and placed it on a plate that I had brought out from the kitchen earlier, pushing it towards me. Despite all the changes in Jackson, he was still as sweet and considerate as ever, remembering what I liked and always thinking of me first. The core of Jackson was still the same.

I bit into my bagel as Jackson started spreading most of the cream cheese left in the tub on his bagel. I had an idea but I didn't know how receptive Jackson would be to it.

"Why don't we redecorate your place today?"

Jackson stilled, and then slowly lowered his bagel. "What do you mean?"

"Jackson, we're starting fresh. I don't want the ghosts of our past ruining our future. I don't think it's a good idea to keep your apartment like a shrine to what we were like five years ago. We don't need that anymore. We have each other today."

Jackson smiled slowly, his happiness making my soul feel full. "I guess we could do a little redecorating today."

It was just a start, but we spent the day buying small things that changed the feeling of Jackson's apartment. New curtains and a rug made the living room look updated, and a new bedspread in a lighter color make the bedroom brighter. Jackson protested when I wanted to get rid of the pictures of me on the dresser, but we compromised by putting one picture of us on top instead. Jackson had been surprised when I had pulled out the picture of us embracing on top of the Empire State building that I had brought from my apartment. The one that used to sit on my desk at Mass Comm. I hadn't been able to get rid of it, a memory of a perfect day. I had spent hours staring at that picture over the past five years, wondering if we were truly happy in that moment. I had tortured myself, wondering if Jackson had slept with Claire that day, if that had been why he looked so luminescent and happy.

However, Jackson and I had promised each other last night that the past no longer mattered. And I was going to stay true to that promise. I had told Trisha that I was going to ask Jackson why he had cheated on me with Claire, but last night I had decided to let everything go, including Jackson's unfaithfulness. Instead of the decision making me feel weak, it felt freeing.

Jackson promised that we would shop for furniture another day so that we could make some real changes to his apartment. We spent the night at his place, and instead of expecting to see ghosts of ourselves from five years ago around every corner, I reveled in being in the arms of Jackson today. As domineering as he could be at times. the flesh and blood Jackson was a thousand times better than a memory.

Chapter Twenty-One

I faced Monday feeling refreshed and optimistic. Although there were reporters waiting outside Jackson's apartment building, they were more laid back and asked questions as if we were friends. One photographer even graciously caught my arm as I stumbled when my heel caught in a crack on the sidewalk. Jackson glowered at the man, pulling me closer to him, but he forced a smile when I rolled my eyes at him.

I spent the morning being productive and Marie informed me that calls from the media were down to a trickle. Celeste had stopped by to nag me about when we were going out for that drink Jackson had mentioned, and I promised that I would arrange it as soon as possible. When she mentioned that Drew was back in town, I felt a little nervous. I had ignored his call last week when news of Jackson and I broke, and in the frenzy of deleting all the voicemails from the media, I had mistakenly deleted his as well.

I was eating a salad while reviewing ROI reports when there was a knock on my open door. I saw Drew leaning on the doorframe when I looked up.

"Hi, Drew. Come in."

Drew walked into my office and sat down in the chair opposite my desk, looking contemplative.

"I've been worried about you."

"I'm so sorry I didn't call you back, Drew," I rushed to explain. "It's just been crazy these past few days and I was getting so many calls that I deleted a bunch of voicemails before realizing I had erased yours."

Drew nodded, an enigmatic expression on his face. "My sister called me, demanding to know whether or not I was in a love triangle with you and Jackson Reynard. I had no idea what she was talking about until she sent me the links."

I swallowed, feeling bad that I had dragged Drew into this. Fortunately, the early stories speculating about Drew's involvement had petered out once the press really sunk their teeth into the triangle between me, Jackson and Candace.

"I'm sorry, Drew. The last thing I wanted to do was involve you in this mess."

"It's okay. Except for those few pictures online, I haven't been involved. But I was worried about you. The tabloids seemed to be coming after you."

"It was a little rough for a while," I sighed. "But it's gotten better."

Drew hesitated before speaking. "Is it true? Did you and Jackson have a relationship in the past? Are you together again?"

I was a little surprised by Drew's questions. Even though we had become friends, it felt a little too personal for him to ask about Jackson. Still, I figured that I owed him some sort of explanation since he had been forced to play a minor role in all of this.

"It's true that Jackson and I dated a long time ago. And we're giving our relationship another shot."

Drew's shoulders slumped a bit at my words. "I guess I can't compete with the likes of Jackson Reynard."

I bit my lip, taken aback by Drew's statement. I thought Drew had accepted our relationship as strictly platonic, not realizing that he had held some hope out for it turning into something more.

"We're friends, Drew," I said gently. "You're an invaluable ally at work, and I enjoy all our lunches together. But there was never the possibility of more."

Drew nodded, looking a little embarrassed but accepting my answer with grace. "I hope we can stay friends."

"Of course. Besides, someone needs to help you keep Celeste out of your personal life. I've been trying to teach her about boundaries."

Drew grinned, no longer looking uncomfortable. "I think that's a losing battle."

Drew left my office after a promise of lunch sometime this week, and I was relieved that things had gone so well between us. The rest of the day was uneventful except for Jackson's call to inform me that Candace's publicist had released a statement. The gist of it was that she was happy for Jackson and me and held no ill feelings towards us, despite everything that had happened. She didn't mention the misunderstanding that Jackson had used as an excuse to explain why Candace thought he had cheated on her. Jackson said Candace probably didn't care anymore because her single was selling like crazy.

I was relieved that it seemed like things were finally dying down and getting back to normal. I had agreed to spend the night at Jackson's apartment after I was done for the day, and the thought of Jackson waiting for me made me rush to finish my work. I no longer questioned all the time we were spending together. If I had learned one thing during the time we had been apart, it was to never take for granted how much time you had left to spend with someone. I wasn't going to waste any time being apart unless necessary.

Craig was waiting for me outside my office building, as usual. Jackson was still adamant that I needed Craig and I didn't argue. If Jackson wanted to be protective of me, I wasn't going to protest.

I let myself into Jackson's apartment with the key he had given me that morning, but I didn't see him anywhere.

"Jackson?" I called out. I wandered into the bedroom and heard the shower running. Jackson's head popped out of the shower curtain, his wet hair slicked back making him look rakishly dashing.

"Hi, sweetheart. I just came back from working out. I picked up some takeout from Romero's."

I walked over and leaned towards Jackson, giving him a soft kiss. Jackson's eyes traveled down my body wickedly when we broke apart. "Although we might have to take care of some other business first before we eat. You're more than welcome to join me in the shower."

I laughed, shaking my head. "You're insatiable. And I need to eat first to be able to keep up with you."

Jackson grinned from ear to ear and stuck his head back in the shower. "I'll be right out. Can you answer my phone if it rings? Marcie is supposed to call me about the Vanity Fair interview."

"Sure." I left Jackson to his shower and went into the kitchen, eyeing the bag of food from Romero's on the counter. My stomach grumbled in response to the aroma of garlic and sauce wafting from the bag and I grabbed two plates from the cupboard to set the table. I was getting out the cutlery when I heard Jackson's cell phone ringing, and I rushed to grab it from the coffee table.

"Hello?"

"Hello? Emma, is that you?"

"Hi, Marcie. Jackson's in the shower. He wanted me to answer his phone because he was expecting your call."

"Great. This has as much to do with you as Jackson, so I'll just relay the information to you. We have the interview set up for this Friday at one o'clock. Does that work for you?"

I hesitated. "Do you think it's still necessary? Now that Candace has backed down, can't we just let things die down on its own?"

Marcie's voice was firm when she answered. "We really need this interview. Jackson's image was damaged when people thought he cheated on Candace. Even though most people now believe it's untrue, there's some lingering doubt. I don't want this affecting Jackson's career."

I felt my stomach drop at Marcie's explanation. The last thing I wanted was for Jackson's career to be affected by this. I had been so focused on the negative articles about me that I had forgotten the impact this would have on Jackson. I berated myself for being so self-involved and not considering how this was affecting Jackson.

"Of course I'll do it then. And Friday at one o'clock is fine with me. I'll check with Jackson."

"Great! I'm emailing Jackson as we speak about the details of the location. He should have it in his inbox before we hang up."

"Sounds good. Bye, Marcie."

"Bye, Emma." Marcie paused, not hanging up. "You've been the best thing to happen to Jackson. I've never seen him so happy."

I thanked Marcie for her kind words and disconnected the phone, feeling a rush of happiness. Remembering that I had a client meeting on Friday afternoon and hoping that it was close to where the interview was taking place, I opened Jackson's email on his phone to see if Marcie's email had arrived yet.

I was unfamiliar with Jackson's phone and realized I had mistakenly opened up his text messages instead. I was about to close it when my heart stopped. Time seemed to freeze as a sick feeling gathered in the pit of my stomach. My heart started beating again, but it was at a frenetic pace. It was beating so hard that it felt like it was going to burst out of my chest. I blinked, not wanting to believe that Jackson had been texting Claire. But her name was on his phone, as clear as day.

My hand trembled as my thumb hovered over her name. I knew nothing would be the same after I opened their conversation, but I had to know the truth. With a prayer that I would be able to survive what I saw, I tapped on her name to open their texts.

Claire: When do you want to meet?

Jackson: Can you do Wednesday at 3pm?

Claire: Yes. Do you want to meet at Andrews around the corner of your old apartment?

Jackson: No. Meet me at the Starbucks in Union Square.

My hand was shaking as I read their texts. I had purposely blocked all information about Claire, but my mother told me a while ago that Claire's mother had mentioned that she had moved out of New York. Now I realized she had been in New York all along. Had she and Jackson been screwing this entire time? Was this a replay of five years ago, and I was the idiot getting cheated on again? Their texts were time stamped earlier today. While I had been brimming with happiness, Jackson had been scheduling a rendezvous with Claire.

My shock started to wear off and I felt an incredible rage start to build in me. Jackson had deceived me again. He had probably been deceiving me this entire time. He was still sleeping with that slut, right under my nose. I wanted to scream and curse, but it didn't seem strong enough of a reaction. The feelings roiling in me were too strong, too sharp, too fucking painful to put into words. It felt as if my heart was being cut out with a knife and I was forced to stand by and watch.

"Was that Marcie, sweetheart?"

I slowly looked up from the phone, at Jackson's smiling face. I wanted to scratch that face, I wanted to run to him and punch and kick him. For lying to me. For hurting me. It was all so unnecessary. Why couldn't he have just left me alone?

Jackson's smile vanished as he got a closer look at my expression. "What's wrong?"

I threw his phone at him with all my might, watching it crash against the wall and break in two when Jackson quickly ducked.

"What the hell was that for?"

I stalked closer to Jackson until we were inches apart. "You are a piece of shit."

Jackson grabbed my arm, looking confused. "Emma! What's going on?"

I ripped my arm from his grasp, laughing coldly although with a tinge of hysteria. "Is this some sort of game to you? Let's see how much I can fuck over Emma? Is your life so empty that you have to amuse yourself by making me believe you actually cared?"

"For Christ's sake, Emma! What are you talking about?"

"Claire."

The one word made Jackson's face drain of color. He glanced at the broken phone on the ground and he couldn't mask the guilt in his eyes. "Shit. Emma, I can explain."

I shook my head frantically. "I don't want to hear it. I don't want to hear anything from you. I don't ever want to see you. Don't ever contact me again."

I turned to leave but was pulled back abruptly by Jackson's hand on my arm. "Stop it! Emma, I was just contacting Claire because I needed some answers. I needed to know why she lied to me about you being married to Sean. I needed to know what she said to you all those years ago when she told you about us. You wouldn't tell me."

"Oh, so this is my fault?" I spat out, feeling disgusted.

Jackson shook his head. "No! That's not what I'm saying." He took a deep breath, trying to calm himself. "Sweetheart, please. I know I was wrong. I shouldn't have contacted Claire. But it was driving me crazy. I needed to know what she said to you, why it was enough to make you not contact me all these years even though you yourself admitted that you still loved me. The thought that we were apart all these years when we didn't need to be - it was killing me."

"Congratulations," I said coldly. The pain was replaced with a numbness, as if my body were protecting me, knowing that I couldn't handle the searing pain that had been sweeping through me. "You can get all the answers you want from her. Maybe you can discuss what went wrong this time too. It might have something to do with the fact that I don't believe a fucking word you're saying!"

I screamed the last part, the numbness melting away as anguish overtook me. I ripped my necklace off, the delicate chain snapping with the force of my pull, and threw the diamond pendant at him. I watched it bounce off his body and fall to the floor.

Jackson grabbed my other arm so that I was forced to face him fully. He shook me, as if he were trying to make me believe him by force.

"Emma, it's true! Please! I shouldn't have contacted her, but don't make it out to be something more than it is."

I looked at Jackson with dead eyes, forcing myself to keep my head upright. "It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter why you contacted her. It's enough that you did. Take your hands off me. I never want to see you again."

"Emma, no." Jackson's plea was anguished as he pulled me close, burying his face in my hair. "Sweetheart, I love you. Please don't do this."

His mouth traveled to my lips, kissing me tenderly but I refused to respond. I couldn't feel anything. Jackson's kiss became harder when I didn't respond, becoming desperate. The pressure was so hard that I dimly wondered if my teeth would cut the inside of my mouth.

Jackson broke the kiss, breathing hard. "Sweetheart?" He sounded uncertain and scared.

"Are you going to force me or can I leave now?"

Jackson froze at my words, his hands slowly sliding down my body until they dropped to his sides. He looked stunned and I quickly backed away, needing space. I felt my self-control starting to crumble and I was going to start wailing with grief soon. I needed to get out of there before it happened.

I grabbed my bag that I had dropped on the couch and rushed to the front door. I didn't look behind me, not wanting any more memories of Jackson. I already had enough to haunt me for a lifetime.

Chapter Twenty-Two

The next few days went by in a haze. I functioned on autopilot at work, trying to keep the tenuous grip I had on my sanity. A part of me expected Jackson to try and contact me, but his silence told me everything I needed to know.

Somehow, I got through the week without breaking down at work. Nights at home were a different story. All I seemed to do was cry, and when I ran out of tears I would lay in bed, my body wracked with trembles. I spent a good amount of time each morning trying to cover the dark circles under my eyes and minimize the puffiness of my face, but I knew I still looked like hell. I shut down all questions from Celeste and Drew, not wanting to even think about Jackson. Marie knew to keep her distance, only disrupting me when absolutely necessary.

Wednesday had been a nightmare as I wondered whether Jackson and Claire had met up as planned. A sick part of me wanted to go to Starbucks, to see if I could catch them in the act. But it was too pathetic of a gesture and I kept my distance. Friday wasn't much better as I wondered about the interview we had scheduled. What excuse would Marcie give to the magazine for us backing out so abruptly? I was worried what the reaction of the press would be if they got wind of our breakup.

Craig was still waiting for me wherever I went, but I refused to accept his rides. He was reduced to following me around as I jumped into cabs. I ducked into the subway one morning, determined to lose him, but he was waiting for me when I ascended the stairs at my destination stop. Unfortunately, he knew my routine by now and seemed to magically appear everywhere I went. He ignored my frustrated pleas to leave me alone, that he should speak to Jackson since he didn't seem to have gotten the news that Jackson and I were no longer together. As much as I wanted to yell and scream at Craig to leave me alone, I knew that I would just be taking out my hurt and anger at Jackson on Craig. Craig was just trying to do his job, although he seemed a bit misguided about the status of the current situation. I decided the best thing to do was just ignore him.

I was relieved when Saturday rolled around so that I could spend the weekend holed up in bed. I had been obsessively searching Jackson's name online for any news, knowing it was self-destructive but not being able to stop myself. Fortunately, for the sake of my sanity, there didn't seem to be any news about him. So instead, I spent hours staring at pictures of us that were posted on various gossip websites. Jackson looked at me so lovingly in those pictures. I couldn't understand how he could be so tender and sweet, yet betray me once again. I didn't understand why he even bothered trying to restart our relationship when he was planning on cheating with Claire again. I didn't buy his story about just wanting to talk to her. I was done being naive.

I was disgusted with myself that I still jumped every time my phone rang. I told myself it wasn't because I wanted Jackson back, to have him give me some sort of explanation that I could accept. It was because I wanted him suffering as much as I was, I wanted him desperate to talk to me, to win me back. I wanted to believe that a part of him truly meant all those words of love and tenderness that had dropped so easily from his lips. That he was now regretting throwing our relationship away.

But his silence continued. It told me that I was expendable, that I had been fooling myself. If the Jackson Reynard of five years ago couldn't be faithful to me, what made me think that the Jackson Reynard of today could? I had witnessed women falling all over him at Hydra, the subtle and not-so-subtle invitations they gave him through suggestive looks.

I ignored the calls from Trisha and my mother, knowing that I wouldn't be able to speak to them without breaking down. I couldn't explain to them what had happened. I especially didn't want to talk to Trisha. She would be nothing but sympathetic, but I knew what she would be thinking. That I had let myself be tricked again. Stupid, naive Emma. So desperate for Jackson's love that she was willing to let herself get duped again.

I was in no better shape on Monday morning, glaring at Craig when I saw him waiting for me outside my apartment building. My hostility towards Jackson was translating into rudeness towards Craig, even though I had told myself it wasn't Craig's fault. I was about to pass by him without a second look when he stopped me with an outstretched hand.

"Ms. Mills, I have something for you."

I stopped, dropping my gaze to his hand. He was holding an envelope towards me but instead of reaching for it, I frowned.

"I don't want it."

"Please, Ms. Mills. I'm in a very...difficult position. Please take the letter, otherwise, there's going to be hell to pay. And I'm going to be the one paying it."

My gaze softened at Craig's pained look. I reminded myself once again that it wasn't fair to take my anger out on Craig. I could only imagine how difficult it would be to work for someone as unyielding as Jackson.

Craig looked relieved when I took the letter, watching me shove it inside my purse. "Ms. Mills, I hate to interfere, but I thought you should know that Mr. Reynard...he's not doing well."

I shook my head, not wanting to hear more. "I'm sorry, Craig. I'm sorry that you have to follow me around when I'm sure there's more important things you could be doing. I don't know why Jackson is insisting that you still trail behind me, but I don't care at this point. And I certainly don't want to hear anything about him." My heart screamed that I was a liar, that I was desperate for any information about Jackson. But I ignored it. My self-preservation kicked in and I knew I had to eradicate Jackson from my heart and mind again, no matter how hard it was going to be. It was the only way I was going to survive. Unfortunately, I was experienced in this matter.

Craig still followed behind me in his SUV, trailing behind my cab. The letter was burning a hole in my purse, but I refused to look at it all day, trying to concentrate on my work. Now that the press seemed to have lost their interest in me, the calls from the media had stopped except for an odd inquiry here and there. It was a relief that they were no longer waiting outside my apartment building, and it was a small comfort that no one seemed to be interested in my relationship with Jackson anymore. Oh, there were gleams of interest in people's eyes, but the rabid fascination was gone.

I was determinedly working through lunch when Marie buzzed me from her desk.

"Yes, Marie?"

"Drew is here to see you."

I had made it a habit to keep my door closed lately, not wanting people to drop by unexpectedly. Celeste had been relentless in trying to figure out why I was so glum, but she had eventually gotten the message when I consistently told her I was fine and refused to take the conversation any further. Drew had made a few attempts at asking me to lunch, but I had excused myself with the explanation that I had too much work. Marie had been given strict instructions not to let anyone in my office without my explicit permission. It was far different from the open door policy I used to have.

I sighed at Marie's announcement, not wanting to see Drew but feeling that it was too rude to have Marie make another excuse for me.

"Send him in, please."

I watched Drew cautiously enter my office, his eyes zeroing in on mine as he sat down in the chair across my desk. He propped an ankle on the opposite leg, studying me before he spoke.

"You look like hell."

I couldn't suppress a small smile at his pronouncement. "Gee, thanks."

Drew didn't return the smile, looking concerned. "Seriously, Emma. What's going on? Celeste is beside herself because you won't talk to her. You just lock yourself behind your office door except for meetings."

I shrugged. "I'm getting my work done. No one has any reason to complain."

"I'm not discussing your work ethic. I know your work hasn't been suffering." Craig frowned. "I'm concerned about you, not your damn work."

"Drew, I appreciate your concern but I'm fine."

"I don't believe you. When's the last time you had a decent meal? You look like you're wasting away."

My appetite had vanished this past week, and I knew my clothes were starting to hang on me. It had only taken a heart ripped to shreds to lose those few extra pounds that I could never seem to get rid of. But combined with my dark circles and hollowed cheeks, I knew I looked sick instead of svelte.

"Actually, I was just about to go to lunch. So if you'll excuse me..." I trailed off when Drew jumped up, proffering his arm.

"Perfect timing. I was going to ask you to lunch."

"Drew," I said warningly. I wasn't in the mood for company and I didn't appreciate Drew trying to manipulate me into lunch.

"Emma, please. Let me be your friend. You don't have to discuss anything you don't want to. It'll just give me some peace of mind to watch you eat an actual meal."

I sighed, but I was touched by Drew's concern. I took his arm, telling myself that it was time to start living my life instead of being holed up in my office and apartment, not wanting to face the world.

We went to a cafe around the corner, and Drew stayed true to his promise about not pushing me to talk about what was bothering me. I was grateful that he kept the conversation light, making me laugh with stories about Celeste's latest attempts to infiltrate his personal life. I was keenly aware of Craig waiting outside the restaurant. He had followed us when we had left our office building and was presently leaning against the SUV, watching us through the window of the cafe. I wondered if he was going to report all the details back to Jackson. The possibility made me laugh a little louder than necessary at Drew's jokes, pretending that I was having the time of my life when, in reality, no funny story could erase the pain I felt. Drew glanced at Craig when he saw my attention straying constantly towards him, but he didn't comment.

After lunch and a promise to Drew that we would go out for drinks sometime soon, I spent the rest of the day engrossed in my work. I had given Drew a false promise, but I made it just the same, willing to agree to anything to keep him off my back.

My mind kept going to the letter in my purse, but I forced myself to not rip it open. I wanted to wait until I was in the privacy of my own apartment to read it, not wanting anyone to witness me breaking down. I had no idea what the letter said, but I had a feeling it wasn't going to be good.

When I finally made it home after work, I kicked off my heels and placed Jackson's letter on the coffee table, sitting on the couch and staring at it. Minutes passed, although it seemed much longer as I contemplated the sealed letter, wondering how much its contents were going to hurt me. When I couldn't take it anymore, I picked up the envelope and ripped it open. Jackson's bold handwriting jumped out at me.

Emma,

To say this past week has been painful would be an understatement. I know that you're upset I contacted Claire, but please don't let it ruin everything we have. I swear to you that nothing happened between us while you and I have been together. I haven't spoken to Claire in years, let alone seen her. I didn't even realize she was in New York until recently. I spoke to Mia the other day, and she told me that Claire had contacted her and informed her that she was back in New York.

I know it was wrong to contact Claire, but like I told you, it was killing me not knowing what she said to you. I wish to God that I had never contacted her. I didn't meet her on Wednesday. I told her that I never wanted to see or speak to her again.

Emma, sweetheart, I love you. I would never do anything to hurt you on purpose. You have to believe me. I've kept my distance this past week, to give you room to breathe and think. But I'm going crazy being apart. Please meet me tomorrow night at my place after you're done with work. I have a surprise for you. I'll be waiting for you. I love you.

Jackson

Tears rolled down my face onto the letter, making the ink blotchy on the spots where it had dropped. I so badly wanted to believe Jackson, to believe that he truly loved me and he was telling the truth. But I had been played the fool once before. Was I going to give him another chance to deceive me again?

The next day was torture as I wrestled with whether or not to go to Jackson's apartment after work. I wondered what his surprise was. When I left the office that evening, I hesitated when Craig opened the door to the SUV expectantly, waiting for me to climb in. I was longing to see Jackson, but it was warring with the feeling that I was willingly opening myself to more pain and heartbreak. My self-preservation won out, and Craig's face fell when I shook my head and walked past him to hail a cab. He still followed me home but I was too exhausted by my inner turmoil to care.

I was settling into bed, wanting to make it an early night so that I would stop thinking about Jackson waiting for me in his apartment, when my cell phone rang. I didn't recognize the number so I just let it ring, noticing that the caller didn't leave a voicemail. I jumped when my phone rang again, the same number flashing on my screen. I hesitated, wondering who it could be, but I still didn't answer it. It could easily be a member of the press, wanting to get a comment from me. Even though attention from the media had waned in the past week, there was still lingering interest about my relationship with Jackson. When my phone rang the third time from the same number, I answered it angrily, annoyed that whoever was calling me wasn't getting the message.

"Hello?" I answered shortly. "Who is this?"

"She finally answers," Jackson said in a silky voice. He sounded deceptively calm but I could hear the anger vibrating just beneath the surface.

"What do you want, Jackson?"

"Obviously not the same thing as you, since I waited for you to show up at my apartment like a fool."

"So now you know what it feels like to wait for something that's never going to happen. Like I waited for your honesty. I see that you thought it was necessary to call me from a different number to trick me into answering."

"What can I say? I was able to coerce Harry into letting me use his cell phone. We're going to speak about this face-to-face. Let me up. I'm downstairs."

"You're crazy if you think I'm going to let you into my apartment. I have nothing to say to you. Take Craig with you when you leave. I'm sick of him following me around."

"I can have the paparazzi here in less than five minutes," Jackson said in a low voice, sounding dangerous. "I'm sure they'd love to hear about how you cheated on me with Drew Stephens."

"What are you talking about!? That's not true!"

"It doesn't have to be true to make headlines, sweetheart. You should know that by now."

I felt sick by Jackson's taunting tone, wondering how the man who had loved me so tenderly had vanished. I reminded myself that he had never existed. I had so desperately wanted to be loved by Jackson that I had fooled myself into believing that a sincere, honest Jackson existed.

"What could possibly be accomplished by dragging this out?" I was tired and didn't know if I could take seeing Jackson right now.

"I'm handing the phone over to Harry," Jackson said, ignoring my question. "Tell him to let me up. I have no problem pushing past him, but he's likely to call the cops. No doubt, the paparazzi won't be far behind if that happens. We can let it play it out like that if you want. I'm game."

Each of Jackson's words battered into me, a weapon that wounded me far more than anything physical. He sounded so cold and callous. It reminded me that I didn't really know this man.

"Emma? What's going on? Jackson asked to use my cell phone and went into the corner, muttering. I didn't realize he was talking to you." Harry sounded confused but not overly concerned. I was relieved that he hadn't heard Jackson's threats. I didn't think Harry would leak any information to the press but I didn't want to take any chances.

"It's nothing, Harry. Please just let him up." The less I explained the better.

I was a nervous wreck as I waited for Jackson. I jumped when I heard the knock at the door, opening it reluctantly. My heart wrenched when I saw Jackson, not only because I had missed him desperately despite everything that had happened, but because he looked like hell. His hair was a mess, like he had been shoving his hands through it repeatedly. His normally golden complexion was sallow and his eyes were hooded and heavy-set, rimmed with dark circles.

Jackson didn't say anything when I opened the door, simply raising an eyebrow. Even though he looked like he had been through the ringer, Jackson could still be intimidating as hell with that one gesture. I stepped back and allowed him to enter, closing the door and following him as he stalked into my living room, being careful not to get too close. I crossed my arms against my chest and waited for him to tell me why he was here, unwilling to be the first one to speak. I didn't have to wait long as Jackson closed the distance between us, towering over me.

"Did you read my letter?"

"I did."

Jackson breathed in deeply, rubbing his forehead tiredly. "So this is it, Emma? You're throwing away everything that we have because I made a mistake?"

I thought my anger had faded into sadness these past few days, but Jackson's words bought my rage rushing to the forefront. I fought to control it.

"I didn't throw away everything," I bit out. "You did. I'm just deciding to not let myself be a pathetic victim again."

Jackson's nostrils flared and I expected him to defend his actions, but he changed his tactic. "Has Drew been consoling you?" he asked with a sneer.

"What I do with Drew or anyone else is none of your business! You have no claim on me."

Jackson's eyes flashed with anger, his jaw tightening. "That's where you're wrong. You belong to me and you better damn well tell me what you've been doing with Drew." Jackson paused, a muscle clenching in his cheek. "Have you slept with him?"

"Not everything is defined by fucking or not fucking," I answered snidely. "Of course, you wouldn't understand that since you seem to only understand relationships in terms of sex."

"Answer me," Jackson commanded, his voice low but his expression thunderous. His eyes were glittering unnaturally and I felt a shiver run down my spine, not recognizing this man before me. But I wasn't about to cower.

"No. You have no right to demand anything from me. If this is why you came over tonight, you can save your breath and leave. And take your spy with you." I was sure Craig had given Jackson the full report about my lunch with Drew.

I drew in a sharp breath of shock when Jackson grabbed the edge of my t-shirt and ripped it over my head. I wasn't wearing a bra and I immediately covered myself with my hands.

"Are you fucking crazy?!"

Jackson grabbed my arms, forcing them apart so that I was bared to him. "You don't want to answer me? Fine. I'll find out for myself by seeing if he's left his mark on you."

Jackson hooked his hand over my shorts, pulling them down along with my panties, forcing me to step out of them. I was completely naked before him, trembling with rage and disgust.

"You're a sick bastard," I spat out, feeling utterly violated and vulnerable. I flinched when Jackson slid one hand gently down the side of my hip, looking pained.

"You're right," he said grimly, meeting my gaze. "You don't think I don't know that?" He glanced down at my body, not with desire but with sadness. "You've lost weight."

"I appreciate your concern," I said in a scathing tone. "It's so kind of you to strip me naked and comment on my body."

"You're still the most beautiful woman I've ever seen." Jackson said huskily as he released my wrist, gliding both his hands up my back and pulling me against him. His voice was muffled against my hair but I heard his next two words. "Love me."

My body jerked in response, in a combination of desire, fear and self-loathing. I hated myself for still wanting Jackson despite everything he had done to me. He had betrayed me, stripped me naked, humiliated me, yet I still hungered for him. I was as sick as he was. I needed to end this.

"Whatever I felt for you died last week. If I can't trust you, I can never be with you. And I've learned that I can't trust you. I'm a slow learner, but it's finally sunk in. Please just leave me alone."

Jackson didn't move, his face still buried in the crook of my neck. We stayed in the awkward embrace for a long time, my hands hanging loose at my sides as Jackson burrowed himself into me. I had to fight the urge to raise my arms and hold him close, to let myself believe this man actually cared about me. I believed Jackson had some sick obsession with me, but it had nothing to do with love. Love didn't feel this wrong.

Jackson finally released me, reaching down to pick up my clothes from the floor. I was speechless as he tenderly dressed me, his hands gliding against my skin reverently as he pulled my shirt over my head gently and steadied me as I stepped into my shorts and panties. He then embraced me again.

"Goodbye, Emma," Jackson whispered against my neck and I had to stop myself from clutching him to me. "Don't forget me."

I watched in silence as Jackson pulled away, his expression wistful as he gave me a small sad smile. As he walked out of my apartment, turning to give me one last glance before shutting the door behind him, I had the sudden fear that this was the last time I would see Jackson Reynard.

Chapter Twenty-Three

I told myself I should be satisfied that Jackson had finally given me what I had asked for when I didn't hear from him the next few days. But it didn't make things any easier. Eventually the days turned into weeks until I woke up one day, surprised that it had been two months since I had last seen Jackson. There had been a few rumors about Jackson and me breaking up in the gossip rags since we hadn't been seen together for a while, but they were half-hearted and I didn't have the paparazzi hounding me. Craig had disappeared the day Jackson left my apartment and I stopped checking for him behind me.

Winter was a welcome change, and I embraced the chilly air, the bitter weather matching my mood. Work was in full swing and I buried myself in it, not finding much satisfaction in my boss's vocal approval when I landed a huge textiles company as a client.

I was walking home one cold November night from the subway station after work when Jackson's picture on the front cover of a magazine caught my eye at a newsstand. I had avoided any magazine or television show that had the risk of mentioning Jackson, but his picture was unavoidable now on the front of Vanity Fair, his expression grim and serious. I knew I shouldn't, but I couldn't resist grabbing the magazine, paying the man behind the newsstand. The magazine was burning in my hands as I rushed home, knowing that I was breaking the promise I had made to myself to avoid anything that mentioned Jackson. I was feeling weak and I wanted to devour any information about him.

When I got home, I didn't bother taking off my coat as I rifled through the pages to get to the article about Jackson. My heart stopped at the pictures of him, posed thoughtfully in a sleek suit, looking sophisticated, urbane and untouchable. His expression was impossibly bleak in one picture, affecting me more than I wanted to admit. I wondered if he had been forced to do this interview because of the one I had backed out of, the one we were supposed to do together.

I hungrily read the article as it discussed Jackson's meteoric rise to fame and how each role he played was a reflection of him. Most of the article was about his career and what he was hoping to achieve in future roles, but the interviewer made comments throughout the article about Jackson seeming somber and almost grim. My breath caught in my throat when I read the last part of the article

Jackson Reynard seems almost solemn for most of the interview and I venture to ask him the one question that I have been reluctant to ask since Reynard is well known for shying away from questions about his personal life. But I decide to take the plunge. I ask about all the publicity concerning his relationship with Emma Mills, the woman who supposedly got away whom he rekindled a romance with. Reynard pauses, looking even more somber than he had throughout the interview. His words are measured but I hear a tinge of sadness in his voice.

"Emma is the love of my life. Always has been. Always will be. But we all know that happy endings happen more often in movies than in real life."

When I ask Reynard to explain his cryptic statement, he refuses politely. "It's a private matter and I prefer not to speak about it."

Reynard is charming for the rest of the interview, but I can't miss the glimmer of bleakness I see in his eyes. Reynard is a man of few words when it comes to his personal life, but his expressive face makes me think that there may be trouble in his relationship with Mills. We loved the story of a famous movie star falling for the girl-next-door and we can only hope that this story has a happy ending.

The magazine slid from my fingers, my emotions making my throat feel tight. I cursed myself for reading the article as desolation pierced my soul, making me feel more alone than ever. How could Jackson say that I was the love of his life, yet betray me? A slither of doubt ran through me. Maybe I had overreacted. Maybe Jackson had been telling the truth and he had just wanted answers from Claire.

I shook my head, wanting to rid myself of these thoughts. They did nothing but make the pain sharper, more pronounced. I promised myself that I would avoid anything about Jackson Reynard from now on.

It was hard not to think about him the next day. I had a meeting with one of my clients whose office was near his apartment and I had to force myself not to walk past it afterwards. Instead, I decided to eat lunch at Andrews before I returned to work, not being able to dismiss my thoughts of Jackson completely. The Vanity Fair interviewer had mentioned meeting Jackson at a restaurant in L.A. so it was safe to assume that I was in no danger of bumping into him.

That was why my heart did a somersault when I saw Jackson on the sidewalk when I left Andrews, looking larger than life. I was caught totally off guard and was in danger of throwing up the grilled cheese and tomato soup I had just wolfed down. Jackson looked as surprised as I did. He also looked utterly gorgeous in a grey suit and a long black coat. His hair was still shaggy, which made him seemed less untouchable, but just by a fraction.

"Emma! I didn't expect to see you here." His breath misted in the cold air as his eyes seemed to drink me in.

"I guess it's a surprise for both of us," I replied with an uncomfortable smile. "I was in the neighborhood for a meeting, so I decided to stop by Andrews for lunch."

I blinked in surprise when I saw a flash go off, blinding me temporarily. Even though it was in the afternoon, the winter sky was dark as if there was an impending storm and the flash made my vision cloud.

"Crap." Jackson moved to block me from the photographer, but it proved to be futile when a few more men joined him, their cameras taking pictures frantically. It had been a while since I had paparazzi take my picture and I wondered if it had anything to do with the article in Vanity Fair.

"Come on," Jackson said, grabbing my hand and steering me away from the photographers. I followed him blindly, the panic of being followed by the photographers overtaking any reservations I had about being with Jackson. We ducked into a building and I noticed too late that we were in the lobby of Jackson's apartment building.

"What are we doing here?" I asked warily.

"I'm trying to evade the paparazzi. They know better than to try and come in here." Jackson raised his brows at me. "Unless you want to take your chances with them outside. Be my guest."

I sighed, spotting Sam smiling widely at us. "Emma! Good to see you!"

"It's good to see you too, Sam," I said with a half-hearted smile. Sam walked over to the elevators and pressed the button to call for it. He waved us in when the doors opened.

"We're not going up, Sam," I said, shaking my head. "We're just trying to wait out the photographers."

"It's going to be a while," Jackson interjected with a shrug of his shoulders. "We might as well wait it out being comfortable."

I didn't know what possessed me to follow him into the elevator. I cursed myself for falling right back into the same pattern of letting Jackson dictate our actions, but he was right. The photographers were foaming at the mouth in front of the lobby, waiting for us to leave. Maybe waiting them out was the answer.

I glanced at Jackson sideways as we rode up to the sixteenth floor. "You look nice."

Jackson quirked his mouth as he looked over at me. "I had a meeting."

I nodded my head, not asking for a further explanation. The strained civility was taxing and I didn't want to continue our stilted conversation. I followed Jackson silently to his apartment when we arrived on his floor, and my speechlessness continued when I stepped inside. The apartment looked completely different. The utilitarian furniture had been changed to furnishings that were more modern and the walls were now a light grey instead of stark white. I noticed that the small changes Jackson and I had previously made were still intact, at least in the living room. The apartment still looked comfortable but much more updated.

"You've redecorated," I commented offhandedly, not wanting Jackson to see how taken aback I was.

"This was the surprise you were supposed to see when I asked you to come over in my letter."

I nodded my head, not knowing what to say as I walked around his living room, my fingers trailing on the back of the black couch. "I would've been surprised."

"Do you want something to drink?" Jackson looked as awkward as I felt standing next to the breakfast table, which was now made of glass and chrome instead of the scarred wooden table we had eaten countless meals on.

"No. I probably won't be here long." The corners of Jackson's mouth turned down at my words but he didn't protest. Instead, he took off his coat, draping it on the back of a chair, and walked towards me. I resisted the urge to back away, but he just sat down on the sofa, stretching out his legs and crossing them at the ankles. He looked up at me standing next to the sofa.

"Make yourself comfortable."

I gingerly sat down on the sofa, leaving plenty of space between us, but I didn't take off my coat. Jackson looked amused but didn't comment. I cleared my throat after a few beats, the silence becoming too strained.

"How have you been?"

"I've been surviving. You?"

I nodded my head. "Me too."

"How's work?"

"It's going well. I just landed a new client." I couldn't believe we were having this banal conversation, but it was better than screaming at each other.

"Congratulations. I always knew you'd succeed at anything you chose to do."

"Thanks." I nervously played with the buttons on my coat. "How about you?"

"I just flew in from L.A. this morning. I have a few meetings in town before I leave again."

"That's good."

Jackson sat up suddenly and I suppressed a gasp at his abrupt movement. I was relieved when all he did was ask me another question. "What are you doing for Thanksgiving?"

"Going home to Maryland. What about you?"

"Same. Going home to Westchester."

"Tell your mother I said hello."

"My mother's not too happy with you at the moment."

I sputtered at Jackson's statement. "What do you mean, she's not happy with me?"

Jackson smiled at me, looking wistful. "I told her you broke my heart, so she's holding a grudge. She's actually taking my side this time."

I shook my head, not wanting to talk about our failed relationship. I was done arguing about who was right and who was wrong. All that mattered now was that it was over. "Okay, never mind then."

We sat in silence again, both jumping when Jackson's apartment phone rang. Jackson got up with a bemused look on his face, hitting a button on the phone instead of picking up the receiver.

"Mr. Reynard, Claire Ranson is here to see you," said Sam's disembodied voice on the speakerphone.

I had thought "seeing red" was just an expression, but in that moment, I knew it could literally happen. I shot up from the couch, seeing a haze of red as I glared at Jackson, unable to speak through my rage. Jackson watched me warily as he spoke to Sam.

"Sam, hold on." Jackson pressed a button before turning back to me, his expression enigmatic. "Do you know what this is about?"

I finally found my voice, although it was difficult to speak past the lump in my throat. "What the hell do you mean? You're the one that lured me into your apartment! Is this some kind of setup to humiliate me?"

Jackson shook his head sadly. "Emma, I had no idea I would bump into you at Andrews. And I have no idea what Claire is doing here. Should I send her away?"

"By all means, invite her up," I replied acidly. "Let's see what the bitch wants."

Jackson sighed heavily, not moving to take Sam off hold. "I don't want to do anything to hurt you. I can tell Sam not to let her up."

I laughed, not caring about the note of hysteria I heard in my voice. "It's a little too late for that. It'll be interesting to see you two together. We can have a happy little reunion."

Jackson watched me for a few moments, and then leaned down to press the button taking Sam off hold. "Send her up." He pressed the button to disconnect the call and walked towards me. Despite my anger, I had to resist the urge to take a step back. I had a feeling that whatever pain I had felt these past couple of months was nothing compared to the pain I was going to feel in a few moments. It was masochistic of me, but now I had a driving need to see them together. To confirm their betrayal with my own eyes.

"Emma," Jackson urged quietly. "I don't know why Claire is here. After we fought, I texted her and told her that I wasn't going to meet up with her and for her to never contact me again. I swear it."

I stared at Jackson's earnest expression, calling myself a million kinds of fool for wanting to believe him. I pressed my lips together, not responding, and Jackson just sighed, running his hand through his hair. He grimaced when he heard the knock at the door and stalked towards it. I was out of view in the living room when he opened the door but I could clearly hear their conversation.

"Claire, what are you doing here?"

"Jackson, I'm sorry to bother you but I had to talk to you." The sound of Claire's voice set my teeth on edge and my hands curled into fists. Hearing her say Jackson's name made me want to tear her hair out.

"How did you even know I was in town?"

"Mia told me. Don't be mad at her. I told her I had something important to say to you, and that I had to say it in person."

"So say it." I was surprised at how cold Jackson's voice sounded. I had a niggling feeling that he had been telling the truth, that he hadn't seen Claire in years. Their conversation certainly sounded like they hadn't seen each other in a while.

"Can I come in?" Claire asked hesitantly. There was a heavy pause and I tensed as I heard the door close and footsteps coming closer into the living room. I held my ground, my head held high as I saw Jackson appear with Claire trailing behind him. She looked as gorgeous as ever, her blonde hair shorter now, reaching just below her shoulders. She was wearing grey pants with a slim black belt and a black blouse. With her long black coat and heels, she looked like the matching pair to Jackson's tall good looks showcased in his suit tailored just for his body. It made me feel even sicker.

Claire's eyes widened comically when she saw me, her step faltering. Jackson continued walking into the living room, standing beside me. I couldn't help feeling satisfaction that he had aligned himself with me, facing Claire.

Claire opened her mouth, and then shut it again without speaking. Her gaze flitted from me to Jackson, and then back again to me.

"Surprised?" I asked with derision.

"I...I didn't expect to see you here," Claire said, sounding strained. She looked back at Jackson. "You should have told me Emma was here."

"Why would I want to do that? I have nothing to hide." Jackson was watching Claire appraisingly.

Claire took a step back, looking like a trapped animal. "I can come back."

"No." Jackson and Claire both looked at me at my emphatic protest. "Why leave now when things are just getting interesting?" I smiled and cocked my head, knowing that my smile looked more like a grimace. My taunting tone seemed to get a rise out of Claire, her eyes narrowing.

"Don't blame me because you weren't able to keep Jackson's interest." I wanted to slap the self-satisfied smirk off Claire's face, but Jackson's voice stopped me.

"Don't piss me off, Claire. Just tell me what was so important that you had to weasel my whereabouts from Mia and come over here today."

Claire took a deep breath, taking a step towards Jackson and clearly dismissing me. "Fine. I've waited long enough to say this, and she's not going to stop me from saying it." Claire paused, clenching her hands into fists, before continuing. "Jackson, I love you. I've always loved you. I've been waiting patiently for you to return my feelings. And I thought you did five years ago, but then you just pushed me away. Just give me a chance, Jackson. I know I can make you happy."

Jackson frowned as he watched Claire make her confession. "Claire," he said gently, no longer looking at her derisively. "We were just friends. I'm sorry if you wanted more, but it just wasn't going to happen. We weren't right for each other."

"What the fuck?" Jackson and Claire both turned towards me at my harsh epithet. I was in disbelief over what I was witnessing. "I'm sorry to interrupt your little scene, but I'm not standing here like a moron while you two play out some unrequited love shit in front of me." I grabbed my purse that I had dropped on the couch and stalked towards the hallway leading to the front door, determined to leave this crazy dysfunctional situation behind me. I couldn't stop myself from pausing in front of Claire before I stormed out, feeling hatred ooze out of every pore of my body as I glared at her. I didn't miss the flicker of fear in Claire's eyes as she stared back at me. "I never thanked you for fucking Jackson behind my back. I trusted you, I told you how much I loved Jackson, and all along you were screwing him." I smiled bitterly. "Hopefully one day he can screw around on you, so you know exactly what it feels like."

I marched past her, intending to leave with my dignity intact, when Jackson's voice stopped me.

"Don't move." He didn't raise his voice, but his tone told me I would be foolish to disobey. He sounded as if he was trying to control his fury, which made it all the more frightening.

I felt a hand on my arm and was whipped around. I looked up at Jackson's face mutinously, despite feeling a little afraid by his fierce expression. I glanced at Claire behind him and she looked pale, her eyes glazed in fear. I didn't know why Jackson was so angry, and I was apprehensive about it, but Claire looked like she was terrified.

Jackson's voice was quiet when he spoke, despite its intensity. "What are you talking about?"

My apprehension over his anger dissipated in a haze of my own fury. "I don't have time for this. Let me go." I tugged on my arm, but it was useless against Jackson's iron grip. His jaw looked as hard as granite as his eyes narrowed.

"Indulge me," he barked and I rolled my eyes at his domineering tone. "Repeat what you just said."

"Why? So I can relive my humiliation? Wasn't cheating on me with Claire throughout our whole relationship humiliation enough? Now you want to talk about it in detail?"

Jackson's grip on my arm tightened painfully, his eyes burning into me. "Emma, I slept with her once. Once! It was about a week after we broke up. I was rip-roaring drunk, drowning my pain in alcohol, and she just appeared out of nowhere. I had no idea what she was doing in L.A. but she was a friend and I trusted her to take me home. I was in no shape to drive. I don't remember the rest. I just know I woke up the next morning in bed with her, and I knew what we had done even though I didn't remember it. I was sick over it. I felt as if I had betrayed you, even though you had broken up with me."

I started to tremble at Jackson's words, not wanting to believe him yet wanting to believe him at the same time. It couldn't be true that Jackson hadn't cheated on me. That he had slept with Claire just once when he was drunk out of his mind. It was too painful to believe that we had been separated for years because of a misunderstanding.

I shook my head, telling myself that it was impossible. I looked at Claire, but I saw the truth written all over her face. She looked paralyzed with fear, rooted to the spot as her web of lies started to unravel.

"But Claire told me you two were sleeping together the entire time. I called you to tell you I had made a huge mistake. To beg you to take me back. But she answered your phone. She said you two had been sleeping together throughout our relationship and had realized you were in love when I was out of the picture." I paused, my voice shaking. "I didn't believe it and demanded to speak to you. I heard your voice in the background. It was you. I'd know your voice anywhere. She told me you didn't want to speak to me, that everything had already been said." I was shaking, remembering that I hadn't actually understood what Jackson had said because his voice was too far away and faint. I hadn't actually heard him say he didn't want to talk to me.

Jackson's eyes had closed during my explanation, and when they opened again they were ravaged with pain. "Sweetheart, it must have been the night I was drunk into oblivion. When I made the stupid mistake with Claire. I swear I don't remember your call. If I had known-" His voice broke, his body shuddering with emotion. "If I had known you wanted to talk to me, that you wanted me back...nothing would have stopped me." Jackson's expression suddenly grew enraged and he turned around abruptly, dropping his grip on my arm. He stalked towards Claire, his hands clenched into fists at his side, and she fearfully scrambled back until she hit the wall.

"Jackson," she squeaked, looking terrified. "I can explain-"

"You better fucking explain." Jackson's voice was low but thick with fury. He was heaving and I could see he was trying to control himself.

"I was doing it for you!" Claire cried, her words tripping over each other as she rushed to explain. "Emma was no good for you. We were meant to be together. When we first met, I knew you were the one for me. But you insisted we were better off as friends. I agreed because I wanted to stay close to you. But I knew one day you would realize that we belonged together. That we were soul mates. That's why you never became serious with any girl you dated." Claire's expression darkened and she looked at me spitefully over Jackson's shoulder. Her tone turned from pleading to caustic as her eyes bored into me. "Until Emma came along. Sweet little Emma, with her big brown eyes and innocent act. It made me sick to see you fawning all over her. I had to listen to her moans while you fucked her, knowing it should've been me! She had everything and I had nothing! Even messing up her presentation and getting her fired from her stupid job worked in her favor because she was free to go to L.A. with you. She doesn't deserve you, she's not good enough for you."

I was stunned by Claire's revelation that she had been the one to sabotage my work, but that paled in comparison to the realization that she had completely fabricated their affair.

Jackson slammed his fist against the wall next to Claire's head, shocking her attention back to him. "Shut up! You're nothing compared to Emma. I trusted you and you screwed me over. Why the hell did you tell me she married Sean?"

I didn't think it was possible, but Claire's complexion became even more ashen at Jackson's question. "I...I wanted you to forget her. She rejected you, yet you were still pining away for her. I knew you needed some closure. That's why I told you she married Sean." Claire's voice grew frantic as she continued. "Everything I did, I did for you! I love you, Jackson. Please, just give me a chance."

"You didn't do anything for me. Everything was for you. What exactly happened the night Emma called?" Jackson's eyes were glittering, his expression dangerous.

"She wanted to talk to you. I knew I needed to convince her to leave you alone. To let go of you. So I told her we had been having an affair. That we loved each other." Claire grimaced, having the gall to look irritated. "But she wouldn't believe me. She demanded to talk to you. I told you Emma was on the phone, but you were just talking gibberish. So I told her you didn't want to talk to her." Claire finished her sentence with a shrug, not seeming to care that she had ruined two lives with those lies.

"I was fucking out of my mind!" Jackson yelled, fury etched on every line of his face. "I doubt I was even fully conscious at that point!"

"Jackson," Claire implored, lifting her hand to touch his face.

"Get out," Jackson bit out, his voice strained. "Get out, or so help me God, I'm going to do something I regret."

Claire's hand dropped and she inched against the wall away from Jackson, her eyes wide with fear as she scurried away. She gave me one hateful glare before she left, but she was too petrified to say anything to me. When the door slammed behind her, Jackson and I were left staring at each other. I had watched the exchange between Jackson and Claire with shock, feeling detached from the situation. As if I were a spectator, and Jackson and Claire were back on stage performing a play.

I tried to process everything that happened but my mind rebelled against the notion that everything I had believed in all these years was a lie. That Jackson had never betrayed me. It was too painful to believe everything had been built on a sick lie from a disturbed individual bent on possessing Jackson.

"Emma," Jackson whispered as he walked back to me, his eyes full of regret and longing. "I never cheated on you. You were my world. I could never do that to you."

"I don't know what to say. I spent all these years thinking you had been unfaithful. Now that I know the truth..." I shook my head, unable to continue.

"Christ." Jackson's voice was full of anguish as he reached up, caressing my cheek softly. "All these years apart. All these fucking years apart and we could've been together. The thought that you called me because you wanted me back, just to have Claire tell you those lies...it's almost too much to bear." Jackson brushed his lips against my forehead and I closed my eyes against the pain piercing through my heart. It seemed so tragic and unfair to have been ripped apart for no reason. Jackson gently brushed his lips against my closed eyelids, his breath light against me as he whispered. "You must have hated me."

I opened my eyes, gazing at him with uninhibited love. "I could never hate you," I admitted softly. "Even when I thought you had cheated on me, I could never stop loving you. I cursed myself for being so weak, for wanting you when you had clearly rejected me."

Jackson cradled my head gently between his hands, his green eyes glassy with emotion. "Sweetheart, you're my world. Don't ever believe anything different. I would do anything for you. Be anything for you."

"All I want is you, Jackson. Everyone else can have the image. I just want the man." I paused, my expression darkening. "I'm sorry for believing Claire all those years ago. Hearing your voice in the background...it made me believe that it was true. I should have known you would never do anything like that to me. I should've tried calling you again but I was too hurt."

"Shh, sweetheart," soothed Jackson as he wiped away the tears I hadn't realized were making their way down my face. "It's not your fault. Don't blame yourself. I shouldn't have listened to Claire when she told me you married Sean. I just never thought she was that sick and disturbed." Jackson's mouth twisted with pain.

I leaned up into him, kissing him gently on the lips, my heart filling with love. Enough love to blot out the regret.

"Let's not dwell on the past. We've spent far too much time dwelling on what could have been. We're together now. That's all that matters."

"Do you forgive me for contacting Claire?" Jackson looked vulnerable and unsure, an unfamiliar sight on his normally strong and confident face. "It was stupid of me, even though I didn't know the lies she had told you about us."

I smiled gently at Jackson. "I forgive you for everything, as long as you forgive me for pushing you away all those years ago. I should have never lied to you and broken up with you. Then none of this would have ever happened."

Jackson silenced me with a kiss, grazing his lips over mine reverently. "Like you said, let's not dwell on the past. I love you, Emma Mills. And I'm going to spend the rest of my life proving it to you."

I leaned closer into him, my breath quickening as the kiss deepened. "I'll hold you to that."

Epilogue

"Jackson," I called out with a hint of impatience. "What's taking so long? We're going to be late."

I was worried that we would miss our flight that was scheduled to leave in less than an hour. Jackson had been taking forever to pack and I was starting to get exasperated, tapping my foot as I waited for him in the living room.

"Don't worry, sweetheart," Jackson said with a wink as he carried his suitcase out from the bedroom. "The plane's not going to take off without us. It's one of the advantages of flying privately."

I rolled my eyes although I was relieved that Jackson was ready to go. I stood, grabbing my purse and pulling on my jacket. "Still. It's rude to keep everyone waiting."

Jackson grinned, kissing me lightly as he grabbed my suitcase with his free hand. "It's a good thing I have you around to keep me grounded. Last time we took a private plane, you insisted on bringing your own food."

"All those plates of cheese and fruit aren't free. Their prices are outrageous." I knew it was ridiculous to nickel and dime food on a private plane, but I always felt a little uncomfortable with all the extravagance that Jackson seemed to take for granted. Besides, I had glimpsed a previous bill for a private flight, and Jackson had been charged $300 for the food. A platter of cheese, fruit and crackers did not cost $300. And that didn't even take into account the wine.

"I guess I never have to worry about going broke with you around."

I smiled, wrapping an arm around Jackson's waist and leaning up to kiss him thoroughly. "I'll still love you even if you go broke, as long as you keep me satisfied in other areas," I joked, breathless from the kiss. I stepped back to make my way to the front door when Jackson dropped our suitcases, grabbing me close and wrapping his arms around me.

"I didn't hear any complaints last night," he said with a mischievous glint in his eye. "But I'd be happy to give you another demonstration right now. I aim to please."

"Jackson," I squealed, my laughter ruining the effect of my disapproving look. "Our flight, remember?"

Jackson sighed dramatically, releasing me but not before swatting me on the behind. He grabbed our suitcases again and made his way out the front door. I followed him, locking the door behind us. I had given up my apartment a while ago and we were now living together in Jackson's apartment. The past few months since we found out about Claire's lies had been a whirlwind. It had been a joyous time, but it wasn't without its difficulties. Now that the ghosts of the past had been eradicated, we were forced to focus on the challenges of a relationship with two people that were relearning everything about each other.

Jackson had mellowed out since we had moved in together, but I was still surprised by how autocratic he could be. And Jackson was finding out that I wasn't as pliable as I had been five years ago, when I had been willing to let him make all the decisions. But these were minor issues that were easy to navigate. The real challenge for me was having a relationship with someone who was constantly in the limelight, which consequently meant I was frequently under the microscope as well. The paparazzi hadn't been too bad since we didn't give them much to report on besides being happy and in love. Still, it was a huge adjustment for me to become a semi-public figure.

Despite the challenges, I had never been happier. We had gone to my mother's house for Thanksgiving, and she had been in awe of Jackson, his celebrity status erasing any lingering doubt she had about him. Trisha and Sean had been a little more reserved, willing to accept that Jackson's actions had been misconstrued in the past, but still wary of his intentions. It had been cringe-worthy to listen to Trisha give him the third degree over turkey, questioning how he was going to ensure that we had a healthy relationship when we were based on two different coasts and the challenges I would face dating a celebrity. Jackson had taken the interrogation good-naturedly, and I had to admit that I was as interested in his answers as Trisha was. I wasn't sure how we were going to manage a relationship when Jackson lived in California, never mind all the traveling he had to do while shooting films.

Trisha had been somewhat mollified when Jackson told her that he was planning on being based out of New York because he knew my job was important to me, and that we would face any challenges together.

Christmas had been spent in Westchester with Jackson's family and I finally got to meet his father, his brother Ryan, and his extended family. I had been nervous, but everyone had embraced me and we had a wonderful holiday. I had never seen Jackson so content, had never heard him laugh so easily, and it had warmed me, heart and soul.

New Year's Eve had been a bit of a battle. Jackson was contracted for a celebrity telecast that was being filmed live in L.A., benefitting a charity raising money for heart disease. A beloved celebrity had passed away from a heart attack earlier in the year and his colleagues were gathering to raise money on his behalf, an unprecedented event filled with A-list celebrities. I had been touched when Jackson explained he had agreed to the telecast, something he had signed on for before we had met again, because I had lost my father due to a heart attack. But I was unable to join him because of too many obligations at work, and Jackson had been a royal pain trying to get me to take time off.

In the end, I had stood firm and stayed in New York, but it had been lonely being without him on New Year's Eve. I had watched the program, but seeing Jackson on my television screen made me feel even lonelier. The one bright spot was when Jackson narrated a segment about the lives the charity had helped save, my heart squeezing with love when I heard John Lennon's Imagine as the accompanying music.

I had cried watching the montage, wishing that I had thrown my work obligations out the window so that I could be with Jackson. He had called me shortly after midnight when the telecast was over, telling me he loved me and would see me soon. I had fallen asleep with those words on my mind, and I had been overjoyed when I woke up to find myself in Jackson's arms. He was completely clothed and sleeping soundly, looking exhausted from having taken the redeye back to New York. I had woken him up with my lips and hands, showing him how much I loved him and missed him.

It was now mid-February and we were flying to L.A. I had taken a couple of weeks off from work so I could stay in California while Jackson negotiated some offers he had received. I knew Jackson was holding off on accepting any roles because he didn't want us to be apart, but I insisted that his career was important and that I was willing to make the sacrifices necessary for Jackson to pursue what he loved. I knew how much satisfaction and gratification Jackson got from acting, and I didn't want to take that away from him. Even though I would miss him since he was bound to be shooting on location somewhere far from New York, I was confident in our relationship and knew our bond would never break.

Craig got us to the airport in record time and I was relieved when we boarded the plane.

"Isn't Craig coming with us?" I was confused when Craig wished us safe travels with a smile after he dropped us off, and then got back into the SUV. He always came with us whenever we traveled, although Jackson usually did all the driving outside of New York with Craig only filling the capacity of bodyguard. The only times Craig didn't travel with Jackson was when I had to stay behind for work. Jackson was insistent that Craig stay with me.

"No, he's staying in New York." Jackson didn't offer further explanation and I was too distracted boarding the plane to ask. The pilot greeted us and then we settled into the luxurious seats, buckling our seatbelts. Even though I had flown on private jets multiple times with Jackson now, I still couldn't get used to the luxury. It would be hard to ever fly coach after this.

The pilot went through some safety checks with us and then told us we would be taking off shortly. Jackson held my hand, knowing that I got a little nervous flying in a small plane.

"Where's the flight attendant?" I asked, craning my neck to look behind us. The plane only had eight seats, but there was also a lounge behind us where we were free to move around once we reached our cruising altitude. The flight attendant was usually strapped in a seat in the front but I didn't see her.

"We don't have one on this flight."

"Oh," I said confused. We always had a flight attendant on our private flights. I brightened, looking at Jackson approvingly. "A cost-cutting measure. Good for you."

Jackson grinned at me, looking highly amused, but I chalked it up to being excited about going back to L.A. He had mentioned looking at some new property since his current apartment was pretty small and sparse. I had been surprised the first time I had seen it, expecting something much grander. Jackson had shrugged his shoulders, saying that he hadn't thought much was necessary since he just considered it a place to sleep. He insisted that he wanted my input on the new place since I would be living there as well, and I was flattered that he wanted my opinion.

Once the pilot announced that we could move around the plane, Jackson and I both unbuckled our seatbelts and moved to the back to stretch out on the sofa.

"Are you hungry?" Jackson asked.

"Aren't I always?" I smiled as I watched Jackson play flight attendant, opening a small refrigerator in the back and pulling out a large platter as well as a bottle of champagne.

"What's the occasion?" I asked with a raised eyebrow, looking pointedly at the champagne. Jackson set the platter full of meats, cheeses and crackers on the low table in front of us and proceeded to open the bottle expertly with a small pop.

"Do I need a special occasion to enjoy a glass of champagne with the woman I love?" Jackson leaned down to give me a quick kiss before filling two flutes, handing me one.

"I guess not." I took a sip of the wine, feeling deliriously happy as the bubbles tickled my nose. Jackson frowned, looking a little put out.

"We haven't toasted yet."

I suppressed a grin at Jackson's expression of boyish displeasure and put on a face of chagrin. "Oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead."

Jackson smirked as if he knew I was laughing at him, but then his smirk transformed into a gentle smile as he gazed at me.

"Emma, I can't tell you how happy I've been these past few months. Spending my life with you is all I could ever ask for. Anything else is a bonus." Jackson reached over, cupping my cheek gently with his hand as his gaze lowered to the diamond pendant that had found its home again around my neck. My heart started beating faster, wondering if this was the moment. Jackson and I had never explicitly discussed marriage but I assumed it was in the future, although I hadn't expected it to happen so soon.

"To spending the rest of our lives together." Jackson clinked his glass with mine and took a sip of his champagne. I released the breath I didn't realize I had been holding, feeling a little deflated by the lack of a proposal, but I dismissed the thought. It was too soon and I was just happy to be with Jackson now.

"To spending the rest of our lives together," I repeated with a smile, taking another sip of my champagne as well. Jackson's smile faded slightly so I turned towards his hand on my cheek, kissing the center of his palm softly. I would catch Jackson looking melancholy every now and then, and he would admit that it was hard for him to get over us being apart for so long because of Claire's deceit. It was hard for Jackson to forget how happy we had been, and how that happiness had been destroyed by Claire's obsession with him. I would remind him that we couldn't change the past, that we had our whole future ahead of us, and it looked glorious.

Jackson's expression turned serious at my caress. He took my flute from my hand, putting it down on the table along with his. He drew me closer, his thigh wedged between mine and his arms wrapped around my waist.

"Promise me you'll never leave me," he whispered fiercely. I remembered my last promise to him, to never leave him as long as he never hurt me.

"I promise to never leave you." I cradled Jackson's head in my hands, kissing him softly, our lips clinging together. "It doesn't matter if you hurt me, if you make me angry or if you make me cry. I'm yours forever no matter what."

Jackson groaned, crushing me to him as he slanted his mouth fiercely over mine. I responded just as intensely, feeling desire course through me as his knee pressed against my softness and my thighs clung to his, wetness pooling in my center. I was wearing a skirt so the only barrier to my arousal was the thin cotton of my panties.

"I need you now," Jackson said harshly against my mouth, his hands already moving up underneath my blouse.

"Jackson!" I protested, looking behind me at the cockpit door that was closed. "We can't. What if they come back here?"

Jackson gently pushed me back onto the couch so that I was laying down, his eyes glittering with desire. "Don't worry sweetheart. They have strict instructions not to enter without permission."

I wanted to protest more, but I was lost once Jackson unbuttoned my blouse, pulling the cup of my bra down and latching his hot mouth onto my hard nipple, suckling hard. I tried to suppress my cry of pleasure, not wanting the pilot or the first officer to hear me.

"I need to hear you, baby. Don't hold anything back from me."

I couldn't deny Jackson anything, and when he slipped his hand underneath my skirt and fingered my wetness, I cried out wantonly.

"Always so wet for me," Jackson muttered, as his mouth moved down my body until his mouth joined his finger.

"Jackson, please!" I was circling my hips restlessly, pushing up against him as he relentlessly suckled my clit, two fingers slowly plunging in and out of me. I whimpered in need, my legs trembling as I felt the pressure mounting. I blinked when Jackson pulled away, looking up at him confused. When I saw him unbuttoning his pants, I automatically lifted my legs, my lower body convulsing with the need to have him inside of me.

"I can't wait, sweetheart," Jackson said through gritted teeth. "I need to be inside of you."

My back bowed in pleasure when Jackson rammed into me, crying out as ripples of pleasure shuddered through my body. Jackson made guttural noises as he withdrew his erection almost all the way, then slammed back into me. His hips pumped faster and faster, his breath harsh and his face tight with desire.

"C'mon, baby. Come for me, sweetheart."

Jackson's words tipped me over the edge and I cried out as my climax convulsed through me, rocking me with such pure pleasure that it was almost painful. Jackson swallowed my cries, kissing me fiercely as the last of my release left my body.

I caressed Jackson's cheek, damp with sweat, and gazed up at him, feeling so much love that it was almost frightening. "I love you, Jackson," I whispered. Jackson groaned at my words and I felt his erection jerking inside of me, spurting into me endlessly until Jackson finally collapsed on top of me.

I caressed his sweaty back, loving the feel of him still inside of me. Jackson raised his head, grinning at me. "How does it feel to join the mile-high club?"

I burst out laughing, shaking my head. "So much for words of love and romance." I sobered as an unwelcome thought invaded my happiness, but I pushed it aside.

"What's wrong?"

"I just..." I trailed off, not knowing how to finish the sentence. I told myself it didn't matter, but I took a deep breath and asked, "Are you an established member or is this your initiation?"

Jackson smiled, leaning down to kiss me softly. "Definitely my initiation. There's no room in my club for anyone except you and me."

I felt relieved by Jackson's answer. It was sometimes hard not to assume that he had led a crazy celebrity lifestyle while we had been apart, but I was learning that Jackson had led a pretty tame life.

I was grateful that Jackson hadn't popped off any buttons on my blouse, as he was apt to do during the heat of passion, and straightened my clothing. I dug into the food with relish, my appetite enhanced by our impassioned interlude.

Afterwards, I dozed off in Jackson's arms as we listened to music. When I woke up with a start, it was already dark and I sat up to stretch languidly. I turned around to see Jackson laying beside me on the sofa, but he was wide awake.

"How long have I been asleep?"

Jackson smiled, rubbing my thigh with his hand. "The champagne must have gotten to you. You've been asleep for two hours."

"Two hours!" I exclaimed. I then laughed ruefully. "I guess that's what happens when I drink three glasses of champagne in under an hour."

I peered out the window but I couldn't see anything except the blackness of night. "Where are we right now?"

A knock on the cockpit door prevented Jackson from answering. It was kind of funny that the pilot was knocking to enter instead of the other way around. My cheeks flamed when Jackson called out permission and the pilot stepped into the cabin. I wondered if he had heard my earlier cries of pleasure.

"Mr. Reynard, we'll be landing in LAX to refuel and restock in about an hour and then we'll be back up in the air. We're right on schedule and the weather looks clear for the rest of the flight."

"Thanks for the update. Let me know if anything changes."

The pilot nodded and stepped back into the cockpit, leaving Jackson and I alone.

"What does he mean we'll be refueling and restocking in LAX? That's our final destination." I was still fuzzy from the champagne and waking up, but I was sure I had heard the pilot correctly. Jackson grinned and I narrowed my eyes in suspicion.

"Where are we-" I abruptly stopped talking when I caught sight of my left hand. I had looked down at my hand because something felt odd, and that's when I saw it. My third finger on my left hand was now adorned with a ring. But it was unlike any ring I had ever seen. An enormous square-cut diamond was surrounded by smaller diamonds, the band made up of smaller diamonds as well. I wanted to squint, the glare of the diamonds twinkling on my finger so brilliant.

I looked up at Jackson openmouthed, speechless as he sat there grinning at me, looking extremely pleased. I finally found my voice, although it was strained.

"What...what is this?"

Jackson gave me a mock frown, ruined by the twinkle in his eye. "You mean you don't know?" He gave a dramatic sigh, speaking as if he had an audience. "It figures the love of my life doesn't even recognize an engagement ring when she sees one."

"Hold it right there," I said, resisting the urge to shake my head to clear it, the comedy of the situation not lost on me. "Aren't you supposed to ask me first?"

"Your answer isn't yes?"

"Of course it's yes!" I exclaimed, feeling exasperated. I didn't think this was what I should be feeling when the man I loved asked me to marry him. Except he hadn't, exactly. "But you're supposed to ask me! I wasn't even awake for the proposal!"

I folded my arms across my chest, wanting to pout at Jackson's imperious manner. Jackson's expression turned serious as he shifted his body to drop to one knee by the sofa.

"I've never wanted anything more than to spend the rest of my life with you. I slipped the ring on your finger while you slept in my arms because I wanted to see you wearing it so badly. But I know the ring is just a symbol. We already pledged to be together for the rest of our lives, and this is just making it official. You already belong to me. And I belong to you." Jackson reached up to caress my cheek and I couldn't stop trembling with emotion. "Emma Mills, I love you. You're my heart and my life, and I can't imagine breathing one breath without you by my side. Will you marry me?"

"Yes," I whispered, feeling dizzy with joy. The happiness was almost too much to bear. "Yes!" I said louder, and then I yelled it. "Yes, yes, yes!!"

Tears were streaming down my face and Jackson pulled me close, kissing me fiercely, the promise of our future in his kiss. I could taste the saltiness of my tears in our kiss, making it even sweeter.

When we broke apart, I caressed his face with my hand, loving the feel of stubble against my fingers. I gave him a crooked smile, hardly able to believe that this beautiful man was mine. I blinked when I remembered the pilot's words.

"Wait a minute. Where are we going?"

Jackson quirked his mouth, his eyes dancing with merriment. "I remember someone once telling me that she would be happy spending her days fishing and her nights listening to the ocean, as long as we were together."

I thought for a moment and then realization dawned.

"We're going to Bora Bora?" I asked in excitement, my face breaking out in a smile. I squealed when Jackson nodded. "I can't believe it!"

Jackson grinned at my enthusiasm, but I bit my lip, remembering the context of my request that I had said in jest. "I said that we should leave everything behind for life on a deserted island." I looked at him uncertainly. "Is that what you want to do?"

Jackson's grin faded as he looked serious. "If that's what you want."

"But-but," I sputtered. "We have a life back in New York. You have your career and I have my job. Jackson Reynard can't drop off the face of the earth to become a beach bum!"

Jackson shrugged. "Why not? I'm happy as long as we're together."

"But you love acting! You can't give it up!"

Jackson shook his head. "That's where you're wrong. I like acting, I love you. I know life under the spotlight has been difficult for you. I know you think I make all the decisions, but this decision is up to you."

Love for Jackson rushed through me, and it was tempting to throw caution to the wind, along with all the obligations of our life, and dedicate ourselves to enjoying each other. But it seemed too reckless, too extreme.

Jackson leaned over and kissed me gently, as if he understood the debate going on inside my head. "You don't have to decide now. This can just be a vacation. But I hear Bora Bora is a great place to raise children."

My heart squeezed at Jackson's words, the thought of having children with him making me so happy that it was impossible to express it in words. Even though Jackson said we had time to decide, I couldn't stop weighing the pros and cons, not knowing what the right decision was. Jackson just stretched out on the couch, watching me with a smile.

The thought of living in paradise was tempting but I also loved our life back home. Our friends and family were there, but then again living with Jackson in Bora Bora would be an adventure. Finally, I smiled widely, knowing in my heart what was right.

"Did you decide?" Jackson asked, looking at me inquisitively. He smiled when I just nodded. "Are you going to tell me?"

"I'll tell you later," I said airily. "Right now I have to figure out what I'm going to wear in Bora Bora. I packed for L.A., not a tropical island."

Jackson pulled me close, his eyes gleaming with humor and love. "Going to make me sweat it out, huh?"

I nodded with a smug look. "It's only fair since I had to put up with your non-proposal."

Jackson grinned, not looking the slightest bit perturbed. "Soon you'll realize that it doesn't matter to me. We could live in Bora Bora, we could move to a podunk town where I bag groceries and you flip burgers, we could go anywhere. It doesn't matter. All that matters is me loving you, and you loving me."

I gazed up at Jackson, my heart brimming with happiness, as I realized I would gladly spend the rest of my life making myself worthy of this man.

"I love you, Jackson Reynard," I whispered.

"I'll hold you to that," Jackson replied with a gentle smile, kissing me softly.

