Chapter One

* * * *

Whenever Luis entered Lapp's Dutch Country Market on Saturday mornings in the fall, his heart felt lighter and his mind raced with all the wonderful possibilities the world possessed. The market's front porch was lined with shiny white Adirondack chairs, and the chairs were all filled with bright orange pumpkins and yellow and green gourds set in hay. On the floorboards beside the chairs were hardy mums in purple, yellow, orange, and pink. Life suddenly became so wonderful Luis couldn't contain his emotions. He wanted to hug everyone he passed.

Fall was the season that gave Luis the most energy and the widest smiles. Cool, crisp weather made him feel centered and balanced to the universe. This adorable market was to Luis what Xanax was to his Botox-loving, jetsetter gay friends in New York who spent drunken summer weekends on Fire Island and lost winter weekends in South Beach.

Though Luis considered himself a typical New York weekender in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, and knew virtually no facts or details about the Amish way of life, anything that even remotely resembled the Pennsylvania Dutch took him away from his fast-paced existence as a model in New York. The sheer simplicity of what little he did know about Amish life warmed his heart. The modest setting they'd created at the country market not far from Cider Mill Farm made him breathe easier and wish he could one day live full time in Bucks County-at least part of the year.

Luis and Jase had arrived at Cider Mill Farm late that Friday night with Hunter, Camp, and Jase's grandmother from Alaska, Isabelle. It was such a busy fall season that it felt as if only days had passed between their return from Alaska in late August and Thanksgiving. Jase had made special plans the week before Thanksgiving that year, and Luis had to shop earlier than he normally would have so he'd be prepared. Luis had already stocked up on everything he needed in New York earlier that week and he'd carted it out to Cider Mill Farm in the car. But he still had to do some last-minute shopping for those little odds and ends at Lapp's Market on Saturday morning.

Luis had never been a one-stop shopper. He tended to travel from store to store, picking up individual items he thought each store specialized in.

This didn't make his life easier. Since Labor Day, Luis had had one modeling job after the other. He didn't complain; he was thrilled to have the work. In addition to that, he'd been taking cooking-or, as he and Isabelle liked to put it, cookery-classes with his friend Hillary three times a week, working hard on a winter ball for his favorite charity, The Angel Association, and managing to get his regular blog posts in on time for Elena's Romantic Treasures and Tidbits. All this combined with running two homes and raising a child who had just started kindergarten left Luis so exhausted he fell into bed each night and passed out until the alarm went off the next morning.

Jase, Luis's husband, had been just as busy. Aside from his regular duties of running his billion-dollar empire, he'd been working on a new invention that hadn't been going well. In fact, this was the first time Jase had started a new project and he'd refused so far to tell Luis what it was all about. It drove Luis out of his mind to watch Jase disappear into his home office off the living room in their New York home on 95th Street every night after dinner to work on the invention, especially when he knew nothing about what Jase was doing. It was all so top secret it made Luis clench his back teeth. Whenever Luis asked Jase about the new invention, Jase would kiss him and tell him he wasn't ready to talk about it yet.

At least Isabelle, bless her soul, had given Luis a short break. Jase, Hunter, and Luis had gone to Alaska for Halloween to spend a long weekend in their new dream home, and Isabelle had flown back to New York with them in early November. At first Luis had begged Isabelle to come out because he wanted to make sure she wasn't depressed about losing her son the previous summer. Jase's father, Barry Nicholas, had passed away so suddenly that summer he'd left them all in a state of shock. But when Isabelle finally arrived in New York and started devoting all her time to taking care of Hunter and the house while Luis and Jase went back to work, Luis realized they needed Isabelle around far more than she needed them.

Jase's mother, Mary Nicholas, wouldn't be arriving until Wednesday, the day before Thanksgiving. She was flying in with Preston, Isabelle's new boyfriend, who was twenty years younger than Isabelle. When summer ended, Mary had plunged into taking over the family business in Alaska, which Luis knew was partly because there was no one else to take over now that Jase's father was gone, and partly because she was grieving so hard she needed the distraction of work to keep her from falling apart. Luis and Jase spoke with Mary at least three times a week on the phone. She always put up a good front and told them she was fine and that she was getting along okay on her own. But they'd hang up, exchange glances, and Jase would say, "She's hurting so badly right now. I heard it in her voice." The hardest part was no one could do anything to make it better for her. They were planning on spending Christmas and New Year's in Alaska. But right now they just wanted to get through Thanksgiving, the first holiday without Jase's father.

Luis knew Jase had been mourning the death of his father in his own way, too. It tugged at Luis's heart to see the man he loved grieve so deeply and with so much intensity. But Luis also knew how difficult it was because he'd lost close family members himself, and he left Jase alone so he could work it all out on his own. They'd all been grieving over Barry's death, including Hunter. Poor Hunter had covered the dresser top in his bedroom with photos of his grandfather lined up in neat rows, and the last thing he did before he went to bed every night was say goodnight to Barry up in heaven.

But Luis's work load was lightening up for a while, at least until after Christmas. He only had two modeling jobs in December, and both were for clothing companies located in New York and would only take two or three days to shoot. Luis needed the break. He needed time to focus on Hunter and Jase, and time to focus on his cookery classes with Hillary and his blog posts for Elena. Luis and Hillary were planning to begin writing a cookbook, but they'd been putting it off until Luis wasn't so busy.

When Luis entered Lapp's Market that Saturday morning, he pulled his small shopping list out of his pocket and grabbed a small cart near the entrance. When he stepped inside and his shoes touched the wide barn planks and he gazed down at the large wooden display crate filled with Cinderella pumpkins, he took a deep breath and sighed. He'd already filled the walkways, the kitchen, and entrances at Cider Mill Farm with bright orange pumpkins and colorful mums that he'd been collecting at farm stands between Pennsylvania and New York since early October. He'd arranged corn stalks and bales of hay from the back door to the barn. He'd even put up a scarecrow with Hunter near the pool. He didn't need one more thing as far as fall decorations went. But Luis couldn't resist a Cinderella pumpkin when he saw one, especially not the ones in the pale peachy beige with light green stripes.

So he picked up four big pumpkins and placed them gently in his shopping cart. They would be perfect for his Thanksgiving table. He'd use them in large rectangular baskets, with small gourds and dried corn he'd found at a market in New York. He wanted to keep everything organic that year: just the things that grew naturally in the fall and could go back to nature when it was all over. Even the wreaths on all the doors in Cider Mill Farm were made out of corn husks that could be tossed into the woodlands behind Cider Mill Farm without harming the environment.

On his way to the produce section, Luis passed a display of homemade Pennsylvania Dutch apple butter and he put four jars into his cart. He'd never had apple butter; he wasn't even sure what it was. It didn't look like a dairy product. But the little bell-shaped jars with checkered lids and bright green bows looked so festive he couldn't resist. He would line them up on the kitchen window sill over the sink, along with the miniature pumpkins and gourds. His handyman, Cory, would think he'd lost his mind. Cory had already said there was so much Thanksgiving stuff around the house it was hard to move without something getting in the way. But Luis knew what he was doing. This Thanksgiving was the first holiday that Barry wouldn't be with them and it wasn't going to be easy for anyone. Luis figured that if he made Cider Mill Farm look as festive and cheerful as possible, it might make things easier on everyone. He especially wanted it easier for Jase, Mary, and Isabelle.

When he noticed the tall display of Pennsylvania Dutch spice cookies, he grabbed a few boxes of them, too. He also picked up two large wet bottom shoo-fly pies and set them in his cart. He wouldn't eat them himself, but he knew Jase and Hunter would smile and fill their bellies. Though Luis usually frowned upon sugary snacks for Hunter, he'd already decided to let his rules slide a little over the Thanksgiving holiday. Hunter's private school had off the whole week before Thanksgiving, and Luis and Jase had cleared their calendars. Though they went out to Cider Mill Farm every weekend, this was the first full week they would actually spent in the country since last year and Luis wanted it to be a relaxed time, without any pressure.

By the time Luis glanced down at his shopping list, he realized his cart was almost full and he still hadn't picked up the three things on his list he'd come in for. He had to get fresh cranberries, those cute little watermelon radishes Jase loved so much, and about eight loaves of this special Pennsylvania Dutch corn bread made with yeast that was only sold at Lapp's Market. The corn bread was for the turkey stuffing that Isabelle was going to make, and Luis wanted to buy it early so he could put it in a large basket and let it get stale before Wednesday.

After Luis found the three things on his list, he had to go to the butcher's counter to double check that the free-range organic turkey he'd ordered would be ready on time. This year he'd ordered a twenty-eight-pound bird. They were having a lot of people at Cider Mill Farm and Luis didn't want to take any chances. Aside from Luis, Jase, Hunter, and Isabelle, Mary and Preston were flying in. Luis's identical twin brother, Gage, was driving out from New York on Wednesday. Gage had started nursing school in New York and Luis hadn't seen much of him since last summer. Then there was Cory the handyman, who was Gage's boyfriend now. They'd been seeing each other since summer and they seemed to be getting along very well.

Luis also had to invite his two neighbors at the end of the easement road, The Reverend von Klingensmith and Ted Barker. Even though Ted Barker had slept with Gage one time, they'd worked it all out and there would be no awkwardness. Luis had also invited their good friends, Josh and Roland, their son Justin, and his mother Hillary. Besides them, Luis had invited Ben and Percy from New York, too. They weren't the best of friends anymore, but Luis didn't want them spending Thanksgiving alone in New York. On top of all this, Rand and Rob, their good friends from California, were arriving on Wednesday morning. Altogether, this was one of the largest crowds Luis had ever cooked for and he didn't want any mistakes.

As Luis rounded the produce aisle, he smiled at a nice middle-aged gay couple who were filling their cart with cans of pumpkin puree they'd been picking out of a large straw-lined bin with an orange gingham ribbon border. It was the fifth gay couple Luis had noticed since he'd entered the market. Another reason why Luis loved Lapp's Market so much was because it catered to a lot of the gay couples in Bucks County. Many were weekenders from New York or Philadelphia just like him. Though the prices were slightly higher than the local supermarkets, the festive country atmosphere drew a more refined crowd that seemed to crave and appreciate a slower pace. There were no coupons or blue-light special deals, but there was peace of mind, which to Luis was worth far more than fifty cents off a can of tomatoes. Luis worked so hard sometimes his body twitched at night when he climbed into bed, and he liked that kind of relaxation when he wasn't working. At Lapp's Market, shopping became more of an event to look forward to than a chore. And it was hard to beat the fresh organic fruits and veggies, not the mention the quality of the meats and baked goods.

When Luis reached the meat counter, he glanced into the back room where the butchers worked and smiled at one of the humpy Lapp sons. This market was a family-owned business and every single member of the Lapp family worked there in one capacity or another. The mother and sisters baked pies and bread and cakes. The father and brothers did everything from meat to produce. There were aunts, uncles, and cousins; grandparents and great aunts.

But Luis's favorite Lapp was the cute young guy at the meat counter. He was about six feet tall, with short dark hair and deep brown eyes. Although he always wore a white apron, it was evident he had a muscular, stocky body, with a nice, firm bubble ass. He also had large hands and thick fingers, two traits in a man Luis that made Luis's knees weak. When he smiled at Luis, he had two dimples that made him look sweet and innocent.

Luis wasn't sure if the Lapp family was true Amish or not, and there was no way he could ask without coming off as obnoxious. He'd never seen any of the Lapps ride buggies or horses. They seemed to embrace electricity and modern conveniences fairly well. But the women did wear those cute little white caps and long cotton dresses, and some of the men did have those sexy, thick Abe Lincoln beards without mustaches. Luis knew this was kinky; he knew it was wrong and he'd probably go to hell for thinking it. But there was something about the Amish men with those beards that made him want to pull down his pants, wrap his legs around them, and go for a horse-and-buggy ride while he gorged on wet bottom shoo-fly pie.

The Lapp boy at the meat counter, Bobby, didn't have a beard, though. His handsome face was clean shaven and his haircut looked more expensive than Luis's. Luis noticed his watch was a Movado and he wore an expensive gold ring on his right pinkie with a stone that looked like a yellow diamond. There was a white diamond in his left ear. When Bobby spotted Luis peering over the glass meat counter, he set down the raw chicken he was dismembering and wiped his large hands on a rag. He crossed to the counter and smiled. "What can I do for you today, Mr. Fortune? I'm all yours."

Bobby had the cutest Pennsylvania Dutch accent, almost European, but not quite. When he used words like "back," it sounded like "bee-ack." It always made Luis smile. "I'd like to pick up a few steaks or something we can throw on the grill for dinner tonight, and I'd also like to double check my turkey order. I just want to make sure it's going to be ready on time. I won't be picking it up. Jase's grandmother will be getting it, and I don't want any surprises." Jase's big surprise was that Luis and Jase were going away to a cabin in Pennsylvania Dutch Country for a few days before Thanksgiving and they wouldn't be returning until late Wednesday afternoon. Isabelle would be picking up the turkey on Wednesday afternoon and said she'd be fine getting things ready for Thanksgiving Day on her own.

Luis and Jase needed to get away. They'd had been so busy their love life had come down to a Luis giving Jase a quick blow job in the shower, or Jase bending Luis over in front of the bathroom mirror for a quick boink on his way to work once a week. So Jase thought it would be nice to get away for a few days at a cabin in the woods that belonged to a new employee of Jase's, and Luis couldn't have agreed more. The timing couldn't have been more perfect. With Isabelle around to take care of Hunter and Camp and help with Thanksgiving, they didn't have a thing to worry about.

Adorable Bobby opened a notebook behind the counter and checked a list of turkey orders. From what Luis could see, it was a long list, too. "I have you down for a twenty-eight-pound bird. Pickup on Wednesday afternoon," he said. Then he closed the book and gazed at Luis's lips for a second. "Looks like you're going to get a really big, fat bird this year."

Luis knew Bobby was flirting with him. He always did this when Luis came around. There was something so fascinating about Bobby's Pennsylvania Dutch heritage Luis couldn't explain, so he usually flirted right back. "I'm going to need the biggest one I can get. The bigger, the better." Bobby seemed so wholesome and clean. Luis wouldn't have cheated on Jase for anything, but he couldn't help himself from flirting once in a while.

"Then you'll get the biggest one I have. Now let's get you something for dinner tonight." Bobby reached down into the meat counter and pulled out a long, thick Polish sausage. He lifted it and said, "I'll bet you'd like some of this. It's fresh and very tasty." He wiggled his eyebrows and laughed.

Luis laughed and shook his head at the obnoxious sausage in Bobby's hands. He couldn't help laughing. "I was going to get a few steaks. But that does look very tempting. I haven't had one like that in a long time." Oh, Luis knew he was being just as bad. But the smile on Bobby's face was too adorable to resist. Besides, if Jase had been there he would have been cheering Luis on and loving every minute of it. Though Luis didn't agree, Jase had the impression the whole Pennsylvania Dutch thing with the Lapp family was just a gimmick to get them customers. Jase said they were about as Amish as he was, driving around in their Cadillac Escalades they kept hidden behind the market. And ever since Jase and Luis had had sex with Rand and Rob on that camping trip to California, they'd joked around a lot about getting together with other guys. They hadn't yet. Rand and Rob had been the only guys they'd shared sex with so far. But they both agreed that if an opportunity came along and they both felt comfortable about it, they'd do it again with the right guy.

Bobby ran his fingers up and down the length of the sausage very slowly. He squeezed it a few times and smirked. "How much would you like today? Looks like I've at least got about twelve inches for you."

Luis sent him a big smile. "I'll take all you've got in your hand."

"Are you sure you can handle all this? That's about four pounds. It's a lot of meat."

"Just wrap it up, Bobby," Luis said. He laughed. "I can handle anything you have, trust me."

Bobby smiled and said, "I'll bet you can. And let me know when you're ready to check out. I'll take care of you myself and help you load the bags into your car." Then he wrapped the big sausage up in brown paper and set it on top of the counter with a thud and a great big smile.

About fifteen minutes later, Luis glanced at the meat counter and nodded at Bobby. Luis had been picking up a few more things for salad that night and Bobby must have been watching him the entire time. The minute Luis nodded, Bobby practically jumped over the meat counter and ran across the store. There was a lull at the checkout counter, so Bobby guided Luis to one of the closed counters at the very end and said he would ring him up there. After that, he bagged Luis's groceries, closed the checkout counter again, and escorted Luis out to his car.

Luis pointed the key at the car and opened the trunk. "It's nice of you to help me out this way, Bobby. I appreciate it." Luis could have carried those bags out himself, but he liked the way Bobby seemed to so eager to help him.

Bobby smiled and walked up to the open trunk. "It's no problem at all, Mr. Fortune. It gives me a chance to get another look at this hot car. I love it."

Luis had been driving the new Porsche Panamera Jase had given him early last summer. The car had looked silly in Alaska, but in Bucks County, where it wasn't unusual to see Rolls Royces or Bentleys, no one gave the Panamera a second glance. "Why don't you call me Luis instead of Mr. Fortune? You make me sound like an old man." Although Bobby couldn't have been more than twenty, Luis wasn't even thirty yet. He was close, but not quite.

"Okay, Luis," said Bobby. He set the groceries and the Cinderella pumpkins in the trunk and closed the lid with a gentle, cautious snap, as if slamming too hard might harm the car. Then he turned, set his palm on the small of Luis's back, and guided Luis to the driver's side of the car.

When Bobby opened the door, Luis tilted his head sideways and said, "Well. I have to admit that's service I don't get all the time." The hand on Luis's back had left Luis's mouth wide open. Bobby had flirted and joked around before. But he'd never actually touched him with this kind of aggression.

Bobby's hand went a little lower and he rested it on the top of Luis's ass. "This isn't the kind of service I give all the time either. You're special. I look forward to seeing you every week on Saturday mornings."

This was one of those times Luis wished he knew more about the Amish. He didn't think they were allowed to be gay. As far as he knew, the straight Amish weren't even allowed to have premarital sex. But Luis wasn't the one coming on to Bobby, and Luis's hand wasn't on Bobby's backside. So Luis reached up and squeezed Bobby's bicep. "Thank you. It's nice to have a big, strong guy like you helping out."

Bobby squeezed Luis's ass harder, and not once-three or four times.

Luis blinked. He hadn't expected this. Good thing he'd parked on the end where no one could see them.

"If you ever need anything," Bobby said. "You know where to find me."

Then Bobby slapped Luis's ass so hard Luis lurched forward. Bobby jogged back to the market and left Luis standing there with his eyes wide open and his lips parted.

Luis couldn't wait to get home and tell Jase all about this little event. The last time Luis had mentioned to Jase that he thought the Amish guy named Bobby at the Dutch market was flirting with him Jase just laughed it off, waved his arm, and said Luis was imagining things again. But there was no way he could have imagined what had just happened with Bobby Lapp.

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Two

Poor old Isabelle's jaw dropped and her arms flew into the air. She'd just opened the package with the Polish sausage Luis had bought for dinner and couldn't stop gaping at it. Jase and Hunter were outside on the patio off the kitchen getting the gas grill ready. Luis was on the other side of the center island, organizing plates and flatware to set the kitchen table. When he saw Isabelle's arms go up, he dropped a stack of white cotton napkins fresh from the laundry and jumped back.

"What's wrong?" he asked. He'd been thinking about the dining room table. Since he'd arrived at Cider Mill Farm, he'd been getting the dining room ready for Thanksgiving dinner ahead of time. There were so many people coming. He and Jase would be away from Sunday until Wednesday night. He'd decided to open the antique Chippendale table up with all the extra leaves and have it all set and ready to go before he left on Sunday. This way he wouldn't have to rush around on Thursday morning. He didn't want Isabelle worrying about setting the table. Thankfully, the dining room at Cider Mill Farm was large enough to accommodate all those people, and the reason he'd purchased the antique dining table was because it had come with thirty original Chippendale chairs. A few of his New York friends said he should have bought new leather Parson's chairs to make the table look more modern and casual, but Luis wanted it to look older and more formal. He wasn't fond of open-concept living spaces and casual dining all the time. Once in a while he liked dinner to be a more formal event, in a real formal dining room set off from the kitchen, especially on Thanksgiving Day.

Isabelle picked up the long, thick sausage and held it with both hands. She giggled and said, "Shit! I haven't seen one like this in years." Then she looked over her shoulder to make sure Hunter and Jase weren't around and said, "Too much of this could wound a person for life." She'd just gotten a new perm in Alaska and her puffy blond hair was teased and sprayed. She was wearing her favorite red Mickey Mouse sweat suit from Disney World, with her red and white athletic shoes. She'd also been sipping her second martini since six o'clock.

Luis laughed. "You're bad." He was trying to remember if he'd put out the white wine glasses on the dining room table. This year he was using all the crystal stemware: white wine glasses, red wine glasses, and water goblets. He'd even set adorable little crystal knife rests to the right of each dinner plate, hoping the guests would know what to do with them. So many didn't know what a knife rest was these days. He didn't want to embarrass anyone.

"Should I just bring it out to Jase like this in one long piece, or should I cut it up?" Isabelle asked. Then she laughed and said, "Maybe I should throw it over my shoulder and carry it out that way."

Luis smiled and sent Isabelle a glance. "Just cut it in half. When it comes off the grill I'll cut it into slices on the diagonal." He was serving the sausage with honey mustard and sourdough bread he'd brought from New York. Isabelle had made garlic mashed potatoes and an old-fashioned iceberg lettuce salad with homemade dressing and fresh tomatoes from their small vegetable garden at Cider Mill Farm. Jase was grilling a couple of hot dogs for Hunter. Although Hunter's taste buds were more refined than most kids his age, because Luis had exposed him to so many different things at a young age, Luis knew he'd never eat the sausage.

Then Camp jumped up from the fireplace hearth and started to bark. Although he was a bald Chinese crested, he'd been groomed on Friday morning and they'd put a little blue bow in the mop of long blond hair at the top of his head. By the time Camp reached the kitchen door, Luis's twin brother, Gage, was coming inside. Gage bent down and gave Camp a few pats, then removed the bow from his head and said, "I know, buddy, you don't want that freaky little bow in your hair. I won't let that mean old Luis turn you into a freak show."

Isabelle and Luis exchanged glances. A few minutes earlier, Isabelle had made a bet with Luis that the minute Gage walked into the house and saw Camp with the bow in his head he'd remove it.

Isabelle laughed. "You owe me a buck, Luis."

Luis frowned and walked to the door to greet his twin brother. "I'll pay you after dinner," he told Isabelle. He glanced at Gage and shook his head. Before Gage had a chance to step back, Luis put his arms around him and kissed him on the lips. Then he said, "I thought he looked adorable with the bow. You could have at least left it on for a few more hours." Luis turned to Isabelle. "When we were kids, I used to put pretty little streamers on my bike and Gage would rip them off."

Isabelle rolled her eyes and said, "Streamers on a bike."

Gage hesitated for a moment. He tried to pull away from Luis, but Luis wouldn't let go of him. Luis ran his palm gently across Gage's hair and said, "You got your hair lightened again, didn't you?" Gage had thick brown hair just like Luis, but he kept getting it bleached in seven different shades of blond. Luis simply couldn't understand why Gage would to this to his hair. They were both so identical no one could tell them apart, yet Gage had to ruin this by dying his hair brassy blond all the time.

Gage smiled. "I had it done this morning," he said. "I like it. And Cory thinks it's hot."

Isabelle shrugged. "I like the blond on Gage. I think it's sexy on some guys."

Luis frowned. Isabelle's puffy, sprayed hair was almost the same shade as Gage's: no wonder she liked it. "I just don't understand why anyone would color their hair if it's not gray. You're so beautiful with your natural color." He ran his fingers through Gage's hair again. He really didn't get it. He wanted his strong handsome twin brother to look like he did.

Gage took a step back and said, "Well, it makes me feel good. I like it."

Luis grabbed him again and kissed him on the lips. "Well, I still love you anyway. And I'm glad you're here." Whenever Luis showed any signs of affection toward Gage, Gage didn't seem to know how to react. And when Luis kissed him, especially on the lips, Gage's cheeks always flushed. Even though they were identical twins, they were complete opposites. Luis wasn't afraid to show affection; he wasn't afraid to kiss his brother, hold his brother in his arms, and tell him he loved him. But Gage was more like Jase when it came to showing emotion, especially in front of other people. Gage stood taller and squared his back, as if Luis had just slapped him instead of kissed him.

"Hunter begged me to get rid of the bow," Gage said, changing the subject fast. "He said you wouldn't let him take the bow off Camp's head all day, so I figured it was my duty to give the poor dog back his dignity." He glanced down at Camp. "Right, buddy?"

Camp barked as if he really was thankful.

Luis tried to hug Gage again, but Gage crossed to where Isabelle was putting the sausage on a platter and gave her a kiss on the cheek. He glanced down at the sausage and said, "That looks good. I'm starved. I had a killer exam this week and I'm ready for a break."

Isabelle sent Luis another naughty glance and giggled. Evidently, Gage didn't seem to think the sausage was as obnoxious as they did, which was typical of Gage. When he saw sausage, he thought about filling his stomach.

Luis went back to setting the table. He picked up the dishes and said, "I think Camp looked so cute. In fact he looked so cute I bought him a little blue sweater at the groomer to match the bow." He knew this would get a reaction from Gage.

Gage rolled his eyes. "Oh God, not a sweater. Please tell me you're not going to turn into one of those people who dress their dogs and cats in clothes and play dress up."

Luis's head jerked to the side. "Camp is bald. Seriously. It's getting colder out and I have no idea how old he is. I want him to be warm and I decided it was time for a sweater. It has nothing to do with dressing him up." It was true; it was more about Camp's health than looks. Luis had found Camp in an alley several years back, before Luis had even met Jase. He had no idea how old Camp was and he didn't want to know either. If anything happened to that dog, it would kill him.

This time Isabelle and Gage exchanged glances. Everyone knew how Luis felt about Camp, and they always appeased his emotions. "Okay," Gage said. "The sweater is fine. But no bows in his hair. That's crossing the line." Then he walked up to Luis and said, "Is there anything I can do to help?"

Luis rubbed his brother's stomach and said, "No. Just go out and talk to Jase. We'll call you when it's time to come in. Is Cory still coming for dinner tonight?" Luis was still thinking about getting the white wine glasses on the table and he wanted to get Gage out of the kitchen so he could concentrate all the things he had to do. When it came to things like this, Luis always worked best alone. Too much help tended to confuse him and ruin his organizational patterns.

Gage nodded. "Cory should be here any minute," he said, as he walked to the back door. "If you need anything, let me know."

Luis glanced over his shoulder. "I will. And by the way, it's good to see you, even with that blond hair. You've been so busy with school and we've been so busy with work it feels like ages since we've been together. I miss you."

Gage's expression softened. His cheeks turned red again and he said, "I've missed you, too."

Isabelle lifted the platter of sausage and handed it to Gage. "Here you go," she said with a silly giggle. "You can bring this bad boy out to Jase as long as you're on your way outside."

When Gage was gone, Isabelle went over to the kitchen table and helped Luis with the knives. "It's really starting to feel like Thanksgiving now," she said. Then she stopped what she was doing and put her arms around Luis. "Thanks for doing all this and working so hard to help us deal with everything that happened this past summer. If it had been up to Mary and me, we probably wouldn't have even celebrated Thanksgiving this year at all." She sighed. "I still can't believe my son is gone."

Luis felt a sting in his eye. He hugged Isabelle and said, "Thank you for being my family now. If it weren't for Jase and you guys, I probably wouldn't be celebrating Thanksgiving myself. And I don't know what we would have done without you this past month. I wish you'd stay with us permanently." He knew she wouldn't, not with a new boyfriend. But he meant every word of it.

A few hours later, after they'd eaten so much they could hardly move, Luis told everyone to leave the kitchen so he could clear the table and clean everything up the way he wanted to clean it before he went to bed. When Luis went away for any length of time, he liked knowing he would be returning to a clean, organized kitchen, especially with Thanksgiving dinner looming over his head.

Gage and Cory kissed everyone goodnight and they went back to Cory's apartment a few miles away from Cider Mill Farm. They told Jase and Luis to have a safe trip and promised they'd look after Hunter and Isabelle while they were gone. Jase, Isabelle, and Hunter went into the family room to watch a little TV before bed. Camp hung around the kitchen with Luis waiting to see if Luis would accidentally drop any food while he was cleaning up. Sometimes, when no one was around, Luis dropped a piece of meat or bread on purpose. Though Camp was a tiny little thing, he'd eat anything from filet mignon to the crust on a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. And though Luis never let anyone else know this, he didn't see anything wrong with giving the poor little thing a snack once in a while.

When the stainless steal appliances were shining and the insides of the built-in ovens were gleaming, Luis lowered the kitchen lights and went into the dining room to set out the white wine glasses for Thanksgiving dinner. He smiled when he saw the Cinderella pumpkins in the baskets with the gourds. He pressed his palm to his chest and exhaled when he saw the way his crystal knife rests sparkled beneath the rock crystal chandelier above the table. From what he could see, the only thing left to do with the table was put out the white wine glasses. Everything else was ready to go, from the starched white linen tablecloth to the small gold-rimmed bread plates to the left of each place setting.

By the time he finished with the table, it was almost eleven o'clock. He glanced at the long table one last time before he turned off the lights and smiled. He only had to do one more thing in the kitchen and he was free to fall into bed and close his eyes. He'd heard Jase and Isabelle taking Hunter up to bed twenty minutes earlier and he'd shouted goodnight to Hunter. He knew Jase would bathe him and Isabelle would read him a story. Luis had already let Camp out for the night and Camp had gone upstairs with Hunter. Luis had even packed their bags for the short trip they were taking to the cabin earlier that morning when he'd done the laundry for the week. There was only one thing left to do, so he went into the kitchen and took care of it.

When Luis went upstairs, Jase was already in bed. He was flat on his back in his white boxer shorts, watching the eleven o'clock news. Though Jase was in his early forties, he still had the lean, muscular body of a man in his late twenties. His sandy blond hair was thick and he trimmed his body hair but didn't shave it all off. Luis preferred his men with a little hair on their legs and under their arms. He had fallen in love with Jase for many reasons, and one of them had been Jase's absolute masculinity. Jase was all man, from top to bottom. He walked like a man, gestured like a man, and thought like a man. It still made Luis weak in the knees when it occurred to him that he'd been lucky enough to meet the man of his dreams. Luis closed the bedroom door and locked it. He walked to the other side of the bed and set a small plate covered with aluminum foil down on his nightstand. The plate he'd set down had been the last thing he'd done in the kitchen.

"What's that?" Jase asked, pointing to the plate on the nightstand.

Luis removed his shoes and socks and said, "It's a little surprise for you."

Jase's eyes were still fixed on the TV. "What kind of surprise?" He frowned and rubbed his jaw. "I can't believe another old guy in his eighties just drove his car through the front window of a fast food restaurant. The old guy thought he'd hit the brake, but missed and hit the gas pedal instead. It's the third incident like this I've heard about this month. Thank God no one got hurt."

Luis removed his shirt, pants, and underwear and climbed into bed. "The surprise I'm talking about is the kind of surprise a lot of men would love." Then he straddled Jase's waist and sat down on his crotch. He wiggled his hips a few times and laughed. "It's a very dirty thing." They'd always had a sense of humor about sex and never took themselves too seriously.

Jase lowered the volume and reached up to grab Luis's naked legs. He squeezed them and said, "I like the sound of that. Is it something kinky? How dirty is it? I like dirty things." He slapped Luis on the ass and laughed.

Luis arched his back and leaned forward, inviting Jase to slap him a few more times. He placed his palms on Jase's chest and said, "I thought about it earlier today. I was at the Dutch market and that cute little Amish guy named Bobby started flirting with me again." He'd wanted to tell Jase all about the way Bobby had flirted with him but he hadn't had a chance until now.

Jase laughed. "I told you those people who own that market aren't even Amish. They may have been Amish at one time. Maybe even Mennonite. Who knows? But now they are businesspeople." He laughed again. "And that Bobby guy, with the diamond in his ear, is about as Amish as I am."

"They call it a Pennsylvania Dutch Market," Luis said. "What do I know?"

Jase laughed. "You're so trusting sometimes. You know that big pumpkin field they own across the road?"

Luis nodded.

"Well, they don't even grow the pumpkins there," Jase said.

"Of course they do. I saw people out there today picking their own pumpkins for Thanksgiving." If Luis had had more time, he would have gone into the field and picked a few homegrown pumpkins himself. One of his long-term goals at Cider Mill Farm was to grow his own pumpkins.

Jase shook his head. "Take a closer look next time you're there. They order those pumpkins from the West Coast," he said. "They get them in truckloads and then spread them out all over that field to make it look as if they'd grown them themselves. Then they put up a sign that says, 'Pick Your Own Pumpkins,' and the tourists from the city go crazy when they see it. It's one of the oldest tricks in the book."

"All I know is they say they are Pennsylvania Dutch and I don't care about anything else." Luis really didn't care whether they were really Amish or not. He didn't care if they were Pennsylvania Dutch or not. He didn't know what the difference was and he didn't give a damn. What little he did know about the culture fascinated him and, in a way, aroused him just as much. He reached back with his right hand and slid it into Jase's boxer shorts. He grabbed Jase and said, "I read online this afternoon there's an old Pennsylvania Dutch farm not far from the cabin we're going to this week. It's called the Glatenfrissle Compound. I'd like to look for it. From what I read, it sounds mysterious. Supposedly, something happened there once and they shut the entire compound down and closed it off. I'd love to check it out."

Jase spread his legs wider. He grabbed both sides of Luis's ass and spread them apart. "I'd like to check this out right now."

Luis adjusted his position. Then he pulled Jase's dick out of his underwear and sat on it. He didn't need lube anymore with Jase; he didn't need to take his time. He knew Jase's penis as well as he knew his own. He spread his legs apart as if he were doing a complete split on bended knees. He arched his back even more and started grinding his hips very slowly. "How's that?"

Jase's head went back. He threw his arms back over his head and said, "Just ride me like that for as long as you can. I could stay like this all night."

"Then close your eyes and relax," Luis said. "I could stay like this all night, too."

According to the clock on the nightstand, Luis rode Jase this way for the next half hour. It was the most relaxing thing he'd done all day-better than a hot bath, and better than one of Oprah Winfrey's foot famous massages. Luis didn't moan in ecstasy, beg for some more, or talk about how much he loved big fat cock up his ass. This time Luis wanted to make love to Jase slowly and tenderly. He didn't care if sparkles of light passed before his eyes or fireworks went off inside his body. He didn't care if his toes curled back or his body shuddered with so-called delight. Luis simply wanted keep Jase deep in his body and grind his hips for as long as he could.

At one point, after Luis had been riding him for a half hour, Jase glanced up and asked, "You want me to turn you over now?" When they made love, Jase sometimes turned Luis over on his stomach and finished him off that way.

Luis leaned forward and kissed him. Then he caressed Jase's face with both hands and said, "I have another idea. It came to me while Bobby was flirting with me at the Dutch market today."

Jase laughed and rolled his eyes. "I can't wait to see what this is. You know, if you'd like to bring this Bobby guy home one night, it's fine with me. It sounds like he's really hot for you, and we agreed that if and when the situation came up, we'd have three-ways or multiple partners."

Luis didn't say no. He'd think about bringing Bobby home for the future. But that night he only wanted to be with Jase, no one else. "Just close your eyes and let me do all the work tonight." Luis laughed and said. "I think you'll like this. It's very, very dirty."

When Jase's eyes were closed, Luis sat up and climbed off Jase. He reached for the plate on the nightstand and removed the aluminum foil. Then he picked up the plate and smiled. With his right hand, he scooped up a huge helping of wet bottom shoo-fly pie and plopped it right between Jase's legs.

Jase's head went up. He opened his eyes and looked down. "What the fuck?"

Luis was on his knees, leaning over Jase now, rubbing wet bottom shoo-fly pie all over Jase's genitals. He rubbed sticky pie dough up and down Jase's shaft and said, "I was hoping I could have my pie a little later tonight. I didn't have any with the rest of you after dinner. I wanted to wait."

Jase smiled. "I'm shocked. You've never been this dirty before, and I mean that literally. What about the sheets?"

"I don't care about them," Luis said. He lied; he loved his sheets and hated to harm them. A drop of water on his sheets made him wince. But he was doing this for Jase. "I'll throw them in the washing machine before we go to sleep tonight." He reached down with his other hand and started massaging Jase's balls with the wet, sticky pie. "Besides, I plan to eat most of it up anyway all by myself."

Jase reached down and scooped up a handful of pie, gently rubbed it all over Luis's lips, and said, "Lick it off my nuts first." Then he grabbed the back of Luis's head and pushed Luis's face down between his legs.

After that, Luis did all the work. He crawled between Jase's hairy legs, sucked both of Jase's balls into his mouth, and kept them there until there wasn't any pie left. Then he spent a long time licking Jase's crotch, cleaning up all traces of crushed pie between Jase's legs. There was wet bottom shoo-fly pie on Luis's face, on his chest, all over his hands, and on his legs. He even had some on his own dick and he had no idea how it got there. It was in his hair and in his eyes, but that didn't stop him from sucking the rest of the pie off Jase's dick. And this time, he didn't work slowly.

When Jase slid into his mouth, he pressed his tongue to the bottom of Jase's shaft and inhaled. His head started bobbing and his lips puckered. He sucked for so long Jase began to moan and wiggle his feet. Luis had lost track of time by then. He glanced at the clock on the nightstand and saw he'd been sucking Jase off for more than an hour. He could have sucked for another hour, but he knew Jase was ready to come soon. Luis was ready himself and he could have finished them both off right then and there.

But Luis had one more idea. He lifted his head and removed Jase's dick from his mouth. Then he turned all the way around so his ass would be in Jase's face and he straddled Jase's chest. When he leaned forward and sucked Jase back into his mouth, he arched his back and hoped Jase would respond without asking any questions.

And that was exactly what Jase did. He lifted his head and buried his mouth in Luis's ass. While Luis sucked, Jase spread Luis apart and rimmed him. It only took a few minutes and they both started moaning quietly. A second after that, Jase shoved his tongue into Luis at the exact moment Jase came Luis's mouth. Luis closed his eyes and took all Jase had to give with a few innocuous gulps. Luis tightened his lips so he wouldn't lose a drop. The taste of Jase mixed with the sweet sugary pie made his eyes roll back. As Luis swallowed all he could get, he took his own dick in his hand and came on Jase's stomach. Jase fell back and closed his eyes. His body went limp and he rested his hands behind his head. But Luis continued to suck until he knew there was nothing left in Jase. Then he lifted his head from between Jase's legs, turned around, and licked up the mess he'd left on Jase's stomach.

When the sheets had been changed and they'd both showered, Luis ran down to the laundry room and threw the dirty sheets into the washing machine. He hoped the stains would come out with one good wash, but decided not to worry about it until morning. It was after one o'clock and they were supposed to leave early the next morning for the cabin.

Jase was still awake when Luis climbed back into bed and snuggled up beside him. He wrapped his arms around Jase's warm body and rested his head on Jase's chest. "I love you so much," Luis said.

Jase set his palm on top of Luis's head and said, "I love you, too. That was really hot, what you did tonight. I'm going to be thinking about it for a long time, especially when you licked off my stomach in the end."

Luis smiled. Though Jase had always been kinkier than Luis in bed, Luis wanted to show Jase he could come up with interesting ideas for sex, too, and that he wanted to keep their sex life spontaneous and different all the time. He'd heard stories where couples, gay and straight, lost the spontaneity and the relationships suffered. "I'm glad you liked it. I was hoping you would." He yawned and closed his eyes. Though Jase would never even consider tasting his own come or anyone else's, he loved watching Luis lick it up. Luis had never met a guy who didn't like watching him do this.

"We should stop and pick up a couple of pies on the way to the cabin," Jase said. "I'll fuck you in the woods with shoo-fly pie all over your ass. Or I'll come on the pie and you can eat it."

Luis smiled. "You're bad. You're a dirty old pervert. But you can come on anything and I'll eat it. I love you so much you can make love to me any way you want, with pie or without, in the woods or on the roof of the cabin." This was the nice part about being a monogamous couple. They could do or say anything they wanted with each other. Marriage, even if gay marriage wasn't legal on a federal level, was great in this respect. Why on Earth would anyone want to be single?

Then Jase yawned and said, "I'm glad we're getting this time away together. We've been working so hard we need it. When we get to the cabin, I just want to get naked, get into bed, and spend the rest of the time being with my hot little sex toy. I'm gonna fuck you so much you'll be walking with a limp by Thanksgiving Day."

Luis rubbed Jase's stomach and said, "I can't think of anything I'd like more than that. We'll make love from the minute we get there until the minute we leave."

Then Luis closed his eyes and mouthed the words thank you. Sometimes there was so much to look forward to Luis wasn't sure what to think about first. But he always said thank you to the higher powers that be right before he went to sleep. He wasn't sure about God; he didn't follow any organized religion. But he did believe there was something out there bigger than he was.

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Three

After breakfast, Luis and Jase packed up the black Tahoe Jase had taken as a loaner because his truck was being serviced and they kissed everyone at Cider Mill Farm goodbye. Isabelle was wearing a pink blush Castleberry suit and fawn pumps. She'd dressed up because she was taking Hunter to church with The Reverend Thomas von Klingensmith-Tho-mas, with the accent on the second syllable.

As Luis and Jase drove down the easement road, Luis smiled when he saw Isabelle waving and dangling the keys to his Porsche Panamera in the rearview mirror. Isabelle was driving them all to church that morning because she said she didn't like the way The Reverend von Klingensmith drove. She claimed he sat all hunched over the steering wheel in his big Cadillac like an old man, and never went over thirty miles per hour. Though The Reverend von Klingensmith was in his seventies and Isabelle was in her nineties, Isabelle considered herself a much better driver. She'd been driving Luis's Porsche since she'd arrived in New York and couldn't wait to get behind the wheel again.

In order to reach this cabin in Pennsylvania Dutch Country from Cider Mill Farm, they had to take smaller highways and back roads instead of interstates. Jase drove as Luis held the directions on his lap. The new employee of Jase's who was letting them use the cabin that week, Barton, had told Jase it was in such a remote area they couldn't depend on GPS. So Barton wrote out directions on a piece of paper and Jase handed them to Luis before they'd left that morning. When Luis read the directions and saw they'd be driving along a stretch of the Old Lincoln Highway to get to the cabin, he couldn't stop smiling. He'd seen a special on TV about the Lincoln Highway and he'd always wanted to travel it.

When Jase said he wanted to drive that day, Luis frowned at first. Jase wasn't a bad driver on country roads, thanks to his upbringing in Alaska. But in more urbanized environments he tended to knock off side mirrors and ride up curbs. He couldn't parallel park to save his soul. He hit fire hydrants and street signs. Once, he sideswiped a minivan filled with Anglican nuns. And then there was the time he backed over a hot dog vender's cart in Sixth Avenue. But Luis saw the way Jase was smiling and rocking on his feet. He seemed so eager to drive, Luis didn't want to ruin his mood. So he climbed into the passenger seat, put on his seat belt, and crossed his fingers.

The drive through route 202 in Bucks and Montgomery counties seemed to take forever. There were a lot of traffic lights and it was constant stop and go. Luis put in a CD of that unusual little girl who sang like a full-grown opera singer and watched the shopping centers and restaurants pass them by. Luis had never driven through Pennsylvania this way. They passed through towns with interesting names like Blue Bell and Sandy Hill and Parcher's Corners. He never knew there were so many shopping centers out this way and he made a mental note to go back on his own when he had more free time. Luis knew how to get from Manhattan to Cider Mill Farm. He knew how to take the interstate down to center city Philadelphia. But he'd never had the time to drive the smaller highways and back roads in Pennsylvania. It really was turning out to be a romantic adventure.

One huge difference between Luis and Jase was that Luis liked to talk while he was in the car. In fact, he started talking the minute they pulled out of the easement road at Cider Mill Farm and he never stopped. Luis thought talking helped pass the time, and Luis and Jase had had so little time to talk the past few months. But Jase preferred to remain quiet and focus on the road and his own thoughts. When they'd first started out, Jase seemed to have been paying attention to everything Luis said. He nodded and replied with one-word sentences when Luis made a comment about something they'd passed. A few times Jase grunted and rubbed his jaw, which was fine with Luis. He didn't mind doing all the talking; he couldn't help it. But by the time they crossed into the Main Line Philadelphia suburbs and reached Route 30, which was really the Lincoln Highway from what Luis could tell, it occurred to Luis that he'd been talking about his new adorable Cinderella pumpkins for almost twenty minutes and Jase hadn't heard a word he'd said.

"Well," Luis said. "I guess I'll stop talking so much if I'm boring you." He folded his arms across his chest and exhaled.

Jase blinked. "I'm sorry. What was that? I'm listening to every word you say, sweetie. You know I always listen to you, even when you talk about nothing."

Luis sent him a glare. "Nothing? Oh, never mind. I'm not going to repeat myself." He couldn't get mad at him for not knowing what he was doing. "I only wanted to know if we're going to stop anywhere before we get to the cabin." Luis had passed so many shops, outlets, and malls, he was ready to jump out of the Tahoe and run into the next shop he spotted. When he thought about all the shops, he had trouble sitting still in his seat. He knew Jase didn't like to shop. Jase preferred to continue on until they reached the cabin. But Luis couldn't just pass by all this great stuff without checking a few things out.

"If we see someplace nice, we'll stop," Jase said.

Luis knew he had to handle this with care. If he said he wanted to shop, Jase would grumble and frown. But if Luis put it another way, especially if it involved food, Jase would agree and Luis would get to do a little shopping without actually saying that was what he wanted to do all along. "I'll keep my eyes open for a restaurant. Maybe we can find something that's authentic Pennsylvania Dutch when we get closer to Lancaster." Luis was thinking along the lines of a restaurant that was either connected to or near shops. He'd done a little research about Pennsylvania Dutch Country and he'd seen a few places like that on the Internet. Jase would never know the difference. Luis would make sure Jase ate a nice big lunch that would fill him up and make him smile.

Luis knew what he was doing. By the time they finally did reach Lancaster, Pennsylvania, it was almost six o'clock in the evening. They'd stopped for lunch in one of those touristy places along the highway, with a big red barn that contained more than two hundred antique vendors. Luis was so excited about the prospect of all those antiques, he barely finished his fresh organic veggie platter. After they ate, Luis suggested they check out a few of the vendors and Jase smiled and followed him into the antique barn. Luis wound up buying a homemade Pennsylvania Dutch quilt for Hunter's bedroom, a set of dog figurines for the mantel in his bedroom at Cider Mill Farm, and the most prefect fireplace screen for the kitchen he'd ever seen. Luis was glad they'd taken the Tahoe instead of his Panamera. He could fit a lot more loot in the Tahoe's huge back storage section. The handy SUV reminded him of a big metal shopping bag on wheels.

A few miles down the road from the antique barn, Luis spotted a farm stand with the biggest Cinderella pumpkins he'd ever seen. Behind the farm stand there was a huge flea market jammed with people and vendors. Jase didn't want to stop there, but Luis pouted and said, "We never get down here. It will only take a few minutes. And I have to have one of those pumpkins. I've never seen such big ones."

So Jase stopped and they wound up spending another hour and a half at the flea market. When they were ready to leave, Jase put the last of the six massive Cinderella pumpkins Luis had purchased into the Tahoe, along with a full case of homemade dingleberry jam Luis couldn't resist. It was really raspberry rhubarb jam, but it had been made and packaged by a small Pennsylvania Dutch company called "Dingleberry's." He also bought two antique wrought-iron tables for the patio at Cider Mill Farm, and a large painting of the Pennsylvania Dutch countryside for Jase's office in New York.

When Jase closed the back door, he sent Luis a glance and said, "Maybe we should have brought along an extra trailer to cart all this shit."

Luis just smiled at Jase and rubbed his stomach. He hadn't had this much fun since he'd been in Alaska the previous summer. Then he climbed into the car and promised he wouldn't stop anywhere else until they reached the cabin.

But how could Luis resist not stopping in a town called Intercourse? When they stopped at a red light and Luis saw the sign that read, "Intercourse," with an arrow pointing to the right, he begged Jase to let him check it out. Jase must have given up, or else he was curious about Intercourse, too. So Jase stopped there and Luis shopped for a while. Luis bought another quilt for Isabelle: a Christmas gift. After that, Jase stopped so Luis could browse through the stores in another town called Blue Ball. Jase didn't complain once when Luis asked if they could check out a mushroom farm, and he didn't say a word when Luis asked if they could pass through a town called Bird in Hand to see what kind of shops they had. At this point, Jase seemed to be having almost as much fun as Luis. At a little shop in the town of Bird in Hand, Jase spotted a shelf filled with wet bottom shoo-fly pies and smiled. Then he leaned into Luis's ear and whispered, "Let's get another shoo-fly pie. And tonight I'll wet your bottom with it in the cabin."

Luis's eyebrows went up, and he almost choked. There were people all around them in the shop. He glanced at the old woman with blue hair standing on his other side and smiled, hoping she hadn't heard what Jase had just said. Luis patted Jase on the arm and said, "I have other plans. Let's go." He wasn't lying, either. Luis had something extra kinky planned for Jase that night that didn't include a wet bottom shoo-fly. But it was just as much fun, and he didn't want to spoil the surprise.

After all the stops they'd made, when the back of the Tahoe was filled with treasures, they didn't reach the cabin until well after seven o'clock that night. Part of the reason it took so long was because they had trouble following the directions Jase's employee had given them. And it had begun to rain, which didn't help matters. They kept circling a creepy little town that looked as if it only had one street lined with deserted old Victorian homes. Most of the shops in town had closed down years ago. The only building that looked halfway decent was a white church with a tall pointy steeple and a fenced-in graveyard. At least Luis noticed a small cafe not far from the town square, where all the lights were on and a sign read, "Open until Midnight."

"When we're settled in the cabin, maybe we should go back to that cafe for something to eat," Luis said. They'd just passed the cafe for the fourth time, still looking for the turn-off that would lead them to the back road where the cabin was located.

"Didn't you bring food?" Jase asked.

Luis shrugged. Jase always expected him to think of these things. He'd been planning Thanksgiving dinner all week. He hadn't had time to think about the trip. "I figured we'd just eat out, or stop and buy a few things. I had no idea it was going to be this remote." There wasn't a shop, grocery store, or gas station for miles, and all the roads were so narrow and dark Luis clutched his seat belt and sat with his knees pressed together.

"Neither did I," Jase said. "At least there's a cafe in town. I don't feel like driving all the way back to Lancaster to eat. I feel as if I've been sitting in this car for two weeks instead of a day."

Luis didn't want Jase to get stressed, so he removed his seat belt. Then he leaned over the seat, put his arm around his shoulders, and kissed him on the cheek. "We'll have dinner at the cafe in town tonight, then go out and stock up tomorrow so we have enough food in the cabin." He caressed Jase's face, and ran his hand down Jase's shirt and rubbed his chest. "Besides, we're not here for the food. We're here for the love and the romance. I told you I have a nice surprise for you tonight."

Before Jase had a chance to reply, two young men walked into the street and Jase hit the brakes so hard, Luis had to hold Jase's shoulders so he wouldn't fall over. Good thing Jase hadn't been driving fast. When Luis looked through the windshield, the two young guys were staring at the way Luis had his arms around Jase. The guys both had long hair and sharp features. The one on the left wore a heavy plaid shirt and the one on the right wore a black leather biker jacket. They watched Luis remove his arms from Jase's shoulders and slide back into the passenger seat slowly. The guy on the right poked the guy on the left with his elbow and they both started laughing.

"Just make believe nothing's wrong," Jase said. "These are good old boys, and they aren't used to seeing men hug and kiss each other. Don't say anything. Let me do all the talking. I know how to deal with guys like this."

Luis's heart was racing and his mouth felt dry. He sure hoped Jase knew how to handle guys like this, because he didn't. Jase could be cocksure and self-confident in ways Luis couldn't. Luis would have hit the gas and sped away. He hadn't felt this way since he'd been followed down Christopher Street in the Village one night by a gang of guys who tried to mug him. He'd been lucky that night. He'd hailed a cab on Seventh Avenue South and gotten away just in time. But he felt trapped now, and they were in the middle of nowhere, without a cab in sight.

The guy on the left in the plaid shirt walked up the driver's side, and the guy on the right in the leather jacket went to Luis's side.

"I'm going to lower the windows and ask them for directions," Jase said. "I'm sure they're local."

Luis had to admit they weren't bad looking, in a scruffy, unkempt way. But he didn't mention this to Jase. Luis doubted they'd showered or shaved in at least a week. He wanted to climb back up on Jase's lap where he felt safe.

When Jase's window was down, the guy in the plaid said, "Sorry about walking out in the street that way. We don't get many cars through here at night. We should have looked." He spoke with a country accent, but fast.

Jase smiled. "You guys okay?"

The guy in the leather jacket folded his arms and leaned against Luis's open window. He smiled, looked Luis up and down, and said, "We're good. No problem, dude." His voice had a twang and his breath smelled like stale beer.

"I was wondering if you could help us out," Jase said. "We're looking for a cabin not far from here." Then he picked the directions out of the center console and handed them to the guy in plaid next to his window.

While the guy on the left studied the directions, the one on the right studied Luis. He glanced down between Luis's legs and licked his lips. When Luis smiled at him, he stared at Luis's mouth and made a fist.

Jase wasn't paying attention to any of this. He was too busy waiting for the guy in plaid to read the directions. But Luis could feel the guy in leather undressing him with his eyes and he couldn't wait to close the window and pull away.

A minute after that, the guy in plaid told Jase exactly where to go. He said he knew the cabin and he didn't live far from there himself. He said he even knew the family who owned the cabin, but told Jase they didn't come around much anymore. The guy's voice became more animated and he didn't sound as creepy as he'd sounded in the beginning.

And Luis felt such a wave of relief he sighed out loud and said, "Thanks so much. We would have been driving around all night if we hadn't run into you guys. Would you also happen to know where the Glatenfrissle Compound is?" This was the abandoned Pennsylvania Dutch compound Luis had read about on the Internet. He wanted to check it out before they went back to Cider Mill Farm and he figured these guys were local and they'd know better than anyone else.

The guy in plaid stepped back from the car. His face grew sullen and he lowered his voice. "We never heard of any place like that in these parts." He glanced over at his friend on the other side of the car. "Did we, man? You must be thinking of something else."

The information Luis had read on the Internet said the Pennsylvania Dutch compound wasn't far from here. How could they be local and not know about it? But the guy in black leather was still staring at Luis's legs, and now he had one hand in his pocket and he was playing with his dick. So Luis decided not to press the matter.

When the guy in leather didn't respond, the guy in plaid went to the other side of the car and smacked his buddy on the side of the head.

Luis blinked. But he was glad he'd smacked him in the head. At least it got his hand out of his pocket and away from his dick.

Jase clenched his fists, as if bracing for battle.

"We have to get going," the guy in plaid said. "My buddy here can't take his eyes off your cute little friend in there." Then he grabbed his buddy's arm and started walking backward to the sidewalk. "You guys have a good night."

Luis turned to Jase. "Let's get the fuck out of here."

Jase laughed. But Luis noticed his fists were still clenched. Jase often did things like this to keep Luis from worrying. He'd pretend there was nothing wrong when he was seething inside. "Stop worrying. They're a couple of harmless old country boys. I think that dude in the black leather is a real closet case and he's infatuated with you because he saw you hugging me. Maybe they are a couple and the other one got jealous."

"Tell me about it," Luis said. "He was playing with his dick the whole time you were talking to his friend. I've never felt so weird in my life." Then he turned to see where the guys were, only they'd disappeared by then. Luis put up his window and pointed to the sidewalk. "Look, they're nowhere in sight. It's as if they disappeared into thin air." Luis's imagination tended to run away at times like this. "Maybe they were ghosts."

Jase laughed again. "They probably just slipped into one of those alleys between those old houses. They said they were locals. They probably know every nook and cranny in this little town. I'm just glad we ran into them and got decent directions. If we hadn't, we might have been driving around this town all night long."

Luis put on his seatbelt and checked to make sure the doors were locked. Then he wondered if ghosts could get through locked doors. As Jase put the car in gear and pulled away from the curb, Luis tried to stop thinking about the way that guy had been looking at him. Jase was right; they weren't ghosts. They were just a couple of harmless country boys. The guy in black leather was hung like a bull, too. Luis had seen the outline of his dick in his jeans. And he probably was gay and in the closet and didn't know what to do about it, living all the way out here.

Luis knew what that was like. He'd been there himself when he was growing up in rural Tennessee. But he'd never actually gaped at a total stranger that way and tugged on his dick at the same time. The first thing Luis planned to do when they reached the cabin was check all the locks on the doors and the windows. Because if either one of those guys ever found out what Luis had planned for Jase that night, Luis had a feeling he'd wind up in big trouble.

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Four

When they finally reached the cabin, they unfolded from the Tahoe and pressed their palms to their chests at the same time. "I had no idea," Jase said.

Luis gaped in horror and said, "It's not that bad." But it was that bad. At one time it must have been a cute little cobblestone post and beam cabin, with a front porch and a brick path. But evidently Jase's employee hadn't kept up with maintenance, because the shutters were hanging from the front windows, the front porch sagged to the right, and the roof was covered with large branches and twigs. And this was only what Luis could see at night. It was pitch black out, still raining, and the only light came from the headlights on the Tahoe. He could only imagine what it looked like in broad daylight. "I just hope there's electricity. How well do you know this employee of yours?"

"I just hired him."

"I see."

Jase shrugged. "He warned me it wasn't perfect, and he said the town was a little unusual. Do you want to turn back and get a hotel in Lancaster? There has to be something. We can head home in the morning."

Luis thought for a moment. Even though it wasn't perfect, there was something so romantic about being in the woods this way, that all Luis wanted to do was get naked and climb into bed with his husband. "Let's give it one night and see how it works out. If we don't like it, we'll head back tomorrow."

Thankfully, there was electricity. They had a little trouble getting inside because the key wouldn't turn completely. But after Jase jiggled it a few times, they finally got in out of the rain. It was only a two-room cabin with post and beam ceilings laced with cobwebs. The main area consisted of a kitchen, dining area, and living room. The walls were knotty pine, the floors were barn board planks covered with hook rugs, and the far right wall in the living room had a walk-in cobblestone fireplace. The furniture was a mish-mash of old junk, with fake shaker chairs, a maple trimmed sofa with brown plaid cushions, and a rusted trunk in front of the fireplace. The windows were bare and there wasn't a TV or a radio anywhere to be seen. There was a damp, moldy smell that reminded Luis of an old boat he'd once been on in Alaska.

Jase rubbed his palms together and said. "It's chilly in here. Barton told me there's extra wood in the barn and said I should park the car in there at night. I'll be right back with more wood."

Luis put his arms around Jase and kissed him on the lips. "While you're gone, I'll be getting ready for the surprise I have for you tonight." They'd already brought in their bags. All Luis had to do was unpack a few things he'd bought the week before in New York.

Jase kissed him and said, "I can't wait. I shouldn't be gone long. You start a fire with the wood that's on the hearth."

Luis smiled. Jase wasn't going to need a fire when he saw what Luis had planned for him that night. "You'd better take the umbrella from the car. I put one in the backseat this morning. It's starting to rain heavier now." It was pouring. He heard the rain slamming the roof and said a small prayer that there didn't seem to be any leaks in the roof.

While Jase was outside, Luis started a fire and went back to the bedroom to get ready for his surprise. The bedroom was just as dismal as the main living area, with only one maple bed that had a sagging mattress, two maple nightstands with ugly brass lamps, and an imitation shaker chair with holes in the rush seat. He glanced around and sighed out loud. There was something about maple furniture that turned his stomach inside out. It reminded him of the bedroom furniture he'd grown up with in Tennessee. He wasn't sure he could take three nights in this place. But at least he'd make the best of this first night. So he opened his suitcase and started getting ready.

Fifteen minutes later, he glanced into the cloudy bathroom mirror over the rust-stained sink and adjusted his brand new kinky outfit. He'd changed into a white Latex bodysuit that had a deep V-neck and short, skintight pants. The back was wide open and exposed his entire ass. To top it off, he'd fastened a white studded choker around his neck. On his feet, he wore white six-inch-heeled boots that went up above his knees. He'd never surprised Jase quite this way before. But they'd passed an erotic boutique one night in New York and Jase had seen this outfit in the window and he'd commented about how hot it would look on Luis. At the time, Luis laughed it off and pretended he'd never wear anything that outrageous. But he'd gone back to the store to buy it earlier that week, hoping Jase would be just as excited now as he'd been the night he'd seen the outfit in the window.

Luis squared his shoulders and turned sideways. He arched his back and smiled at his reflection. Jase would love this; he'd throw Luis down and pin him to the floor. The six-inch heels weren't easy to walk in, but he'd worn high heels before when he'd modeled and he knew what he was doing. Luis had once done an artistic photo shoot for a well-known interior designer and he'd worn seven-inch heels with tight black pants that had cut off his circulation for two hours. If he could do that, in one-hundred-degree New York weather in the middle of Times Square, he could manage to straddle Jase's dick in these boots.

A few minutes later, Luis heard a few car doors slam. Jase had probably decided to drive the wood over from the barn because it was raining so heavily and he'd parked out front again. So Luis crossed into the living room with a big red lollipop in his hand and sat down on the hearth. He spread his legs wide and rested one of the high heels on top of the old rusted trunk. The cold hearth felt rough against his ass, but he wanted Jase to find him waiting there, in this outfit, with his legs open, licking the lollipop. He was hoping Jase would drop the wood and climb right on top of him.

But when the front door flung open, a tall young man with dark blond hair stopped dead in his tracks and gaped at Luis. His jaw fell, he pressed his palm to his throat, and he blinked.

Luis stood up fast. He dropped the lollipop and said, "Who are you?"

"Ah well," the guy said, "I'm Matthias."

"I'm Luis."

Then three more people walked into the cabin and stopped short. Another young guy with dark hair exchanged glances with Matthias. He said, "What the fuck, dude?"

A plump young woman with straight bleached hair and no bra said, "Hey, who's he? What kind of place is this?" She twisted her lips and looked Luis up and down.

There was another girl, with long dark red hair and a silver ring in her left nostril. She just stood there gaping at Luis in his kinky outfit with her lips parted.

Where the fuck was Jase? He should have been back with the wood by now. "This is a private cabin," Luis said. "It belongs to my husband's employee, Barton. He told us we could use it this week."

Matthias rubbed his jaw and smiled. "Well, dude, I have a surprise for you. Barton's wife, La Shaneeka, told us we could use it, too, this week."

Oh, Jase wasn't going to be happy about this. And Luis didn't know what to do. Of all the times to get caught wearing white boots with six-inch heels and a Latex body suit. These people would think he'd lost his mind. He wanted to sink into the barn boards and disappear. He didn't dare turn around. "I don't normally dress this way. We thought we were alone."

That's when Matthias crossed the room and reached for Luis's hand. He smiled and gestured to his friends standing in the doorway. "This is my buddy, Hood."

Luis smiled at the guy with the dark hair. "Nice to meet you, Hood."

"And this is Beth Anne," Matthias said, gesturing to the blonde without the bra. "And that's Blaze, over there by the door."

Hood and Blaze. Those names were almost as bad as the name Luis's twin brother, Gage, had chosen when he'd decided to move to New York and reinvent himself. What on Earth were some of these people thinking when they named their kids? Luis waved his right hand. "I'm Luis. My husband, Jase Nicholas, is outside getting wood."

Matthias hesitated for a moment, then asked, "Jase Nicholas? The Virgin Billionaire?"

"You've heard of him," Luis said. He didn't know what else to say. All he wanted to do was get out of these boots and this outfit and back into his jeans and a sweatshirt. They probably thought he was some kind of sex pervert-or worse, a drag queen.

"I knew Barton worked for Jase Nicholas," Matthias said. "But I had no idea he was close enough to him to let him use his cabin." Then he glanced around at the room and frowned. "And I never thought Jase Nicholas would stay in a place like this. I'm not even sure I want to stay in a place like this."

Luis shrugged. At least they seemed fairly normal, unlike the two creeps he'd seen in town. "We were expecting something a little different."

Matthias glanced down at Luis's legs and smiled. "I guess you were." Then he did something that stunned Luis. Matthias was wearing a three-quarter-length black rain jacket. He removed it, crossed to where Luis was standing, and wrapped it around Luis's shoulders.

Luis sent him a smile and said, "Thank you. I don't dress this way normally. This is actually the first time I've ever dressed like this. We thought we were alone." He'd said it already, but it deserved repeating.

"Hey, where's the bathroom?" Beth Anne said. She had a high, nasal voice. She tended to shout when she spoke, and Luis noticed she began her almost all her sentences with "hey."

Luis pointed to the bedroom and said, "It's in there." Then he slipped his arms into the jacket around his shoulders and started to wonder why Jase hadn't returned yet.

Beth Anne rolled her eyes and grabbed Blaze's arm. As they headed toward the bathroom, Beth Anne said, "What a fucking shit hole." On her way into the bedroom, she sent Matthias a glare. Evidently, she wasn't too thrilled with the cabin either.

Matthias laughed. "You'll have to excuse my friend, Luis. She was expecting something more along the lines of a bed-and-breakfast with lace doilies." He spoke in a deep, even, articulate voice. He sounded well educated and Luis suspected he was the aggressive type, and not just because his arms and shoulders were so muscular and wide. Matthias seemed to have a sense of self confidence most young men in their early twenties didn't have. Luis hadn't been that way in his early twenties-he'd never been that way. Maybe it was because of the dichotomy of Matthias's blue-collar appearance and his academic mannerisms. He reminded Luis of a humpy firefighter on a beefcake calendar, yet he spoke as if he were ready to give a lecture on William Shakespeare.

Luis smiled. He was still wondering why the two dipshit girls had to travel in a pair to use a bathroom in a little dumpy cabin. At least he didn't have to listen to Beth Anne's voice for a while.

Hood walked to the bedroom door and set a couple of suitcases beside it. One was a green vinyl satchel, the other a large black leather doctor's bag identical to Jase's suitcase. Jase had never been interested in designer luggage. But he did prefer old-fashioned suitcases that looked like doctor's bags.

"I guess we're all stuck here for who knows how long," Matthias said. He sounded calmer now, and his voice had a gentleness that made him appear shy and withdrawn, as if he were hiding something, or he'd done something wrong. To look at him, Luis might have guessed he was a model. He reminded Luis of a model with dark brown hair he'd worked with on a photo shoot for a sports gear company in New Jersey. Though Hood wasn't as muscular as Matthias, Luis suspected he had a well-defined body beneath his worn brown leather jacket and sagging jeans.

Luis said, "I think Jase and I might just head back to Lancaster and try to get a hotel room somewhere. You guys can stay here. We don't mind." Now he couldn't wait to get out of there. If they wanted the cabin, he'd give them his blessings.

But Matthias sent him a half smile and said, "You're not going anywhere tonight. On our way in we saw them closing the roads. As it was, we took a chance driving through the road ourselves. There's no way in or out of town until the rain stops, and this rain is supposed to continue for the next two days." He shrugged. "I guess we're all stuck with each other for a while."

"You've got to be kidding me," Luis said. He crossed to where Matthias was standing and gaped at him. "We're stuck in this town indefinitely?"

Hood looked down at his shoes and ran his fingers through his hair. He didn't seem too pleased either.

Matthias smiled and spoke with resignation. "I'm afraid so. I hope someone brought a deck of cards."

"Maybe there's a small hotel in town," Luis said. "Or maybe there's a bed-and-breakfast nearby."

"Seriously," Matthias said. "Did you see that town when you passed through? There's one cafe and a church. At least we have a roof over our heads here."

Luis's heart started to beat faster. They were stuck with four total strangers, and he was beginning to wonder about Jase. He should have been back by now. He'd been gone more than a half hour and Luis was afraid something might have happened to him. "Did you happen to see where the barn was when you drove in?" Luis asked.

Matthias and Hood exchanged glances. "I saw a big old building on the right." Hood pointed to the corner of the living room that faced north and said, "It's down there, near a group of tall pines and a broken down split rail fence. But I didn't see anyone around it."

"It's not like Jase to take this long," Luis said as he crossed to the front door, high-heeled boots clicking against the barn boards. "I'm going out to look for him." Something was wrong. Luis felt it in his bones.

"You can't go out alone dressed like that," Matthias said. He glanced up and down at Luis.

"Watch me," said Luis as he reached for the doorknob. He wasn't going to let a total stranger tell him what to do.

"Wait," Matthias said. "I'll come with you. You could get hurt out there."

"You don't have to come," Luis said.

Matthias walked to the door and reached into his black satchel. He pulled out an umbrella and put his palm on the small of Luis's back. "I'm coming with you. Let's go."

Luis could see there was no point in arguing with him, so he adjusted the jacket and opened the door.

When they were outside, Matthias opened the umbrella and put his arm around Luis. He pulled Luis close to his side and they started toward the barn. The rain came down so hard it pounded the umbrella and didn't do much to keep them from getting wet. Luis's high-heeled boots kept getting stuck in the mud and Matthias had to practically lift him up to keep him moving. At one point, when Luis almost fell sideways, he gave up and put his arms around Matthias. When he did, Matthias reached down to support him and rested his large hand on the small of his back. That's when the back of the jacket Luis was wearing rode up and exposed his ass. Luis vowed he'd never wear anything this stupid again.

By the time they reached the old unpainted barn, they were both drenched. The white high-heeled boots were covered with mud and Matthias's hand was now on Luis's ass. Luis didn't know whether Matthias had touched him there on purpose or by accident. He didn't care. He stepped away and looked back and forth. The Tahoe was parked with the headlights off. The inside of the barn was pitch black. Luis wished he had a flashlight. He shouted, "Jase, are you in here?"

While Luis shouted for Jase, Matthias opened the car door and switched on the headlights. But when Luis ran toward the front of the car, he tripped and fell on the dirt floor. Matthias ran over to him and helped him up, and he didn't think twice about brushing the dirt off Luis's bare ass. Luis didn't say anything, not even when Matthias continued to brush him off even when the dirt was gone. He just held Matthias's arm and started looking around for Jase again. He couldn't have just disappeared. He had to be in there somewhere.

"Are you okay?" Matthias asked.

Luis nodded. "I'm fine. But we have to find Jase." Maybe he'd fallen into a ravine on his way back. Luis's heart pounded, and he had trouble catching his breath.

Then they heard a noise coming from somewhere in front of the car. A second later, they heard a groan. So Matthias put his arm around Luis again and they both crossed to the front of the car to see what was there.

As they rounded the left front fender, Jase stood up less than six inches away from them. He just popped up out of nowhere. Luis screamed so loud Matthias put both arms around him. Jase was so startled he jumped back, clenched his fists, and said to Luis, "Who are you?"

Luis blinked. "Jase, it's me. What happened to you?"

Jase stood there gaping at them as if he'd never seen them before.

"Jase, say something," Luis said. "Don't just stand there with that weird expression. It's me, Luis. What have you been doing in here all this time?"

"Who is Jase?" Jase asked. "Who are you?"

Luis felt his face getting warmer. "What are you talking about? Don't you know who you are?"

Jase shrugged and said, "I don't know. The last thing I remember is hearing you two walk in here." He pointed to the dirt floor in front of the car. "I was on the ground. I must have fallen down, I guess."

"Jase, stop it right now," Luis said. "If you're fooling around I'll never forgive you for this. You are Jase Nicholas, the Virgin Billionaire. I'm your husband, Luis Fortune. We came here to get away for a few days. You came out here to get firewood." Jase often played little tricks on Luis. He thought it was funny once in a while to jump out from behind a door and scare him. He even had Hunter doing it now and then.

Matthias released Luis and walked over to Jase. He looked him up and down and asked, "Does anything hurt?"

"Jase, I swear, if you're joking around right now I'm not going to laugh," Luis said. "I'm serious. You're really freaking me out."

"Calm down, Luis," Matthias said. "I don't think he's joking around. I really don't think he knows who we are."

Jase shrugged again. "I'm sorry. I don't seem to be able to remember anything."

"What's the last thing you remember before you heard us come into the barn?" Matthias asked.

Jase frowned and rubbed his jaw. He squinted hard for a second. But when he opened his eyes he spread out his arms and said, "It's a complete blank."

Luis walked over to Jase. He grabbed his hands and held them as tight as he could. "Jase, it's me, Luis. I love you. We're married and we have a child named Hunter. We down came here for a few days to get away because we've been working so hard. Thanksgiving is this week. Your mother and Preston are coming. So are Rand and Rob."

Jase lifted his eyebrows. He looked down at the high heels and frowned. "I'm sorry. I can't remember anything. I don't know anyone named Rand or Rob."

For the first time in Luis's life, he felt as if he might faint. He reached for the hood of the car and leaned into it.

"Don't get excited, Luis," Matthias said. "Let's just get back to the cabin and I'll examine him."

Luis looked up fast. "You'll examine him?"

"I'm in medical school," Matthias said. "I'll check him out and we'll make sure he's not hurt. He seems okay, from what I can see."

Luis rolled his eyes. He was stuck in the middle of nowhere with a medical student, three other total strangers, and a husband who couldn't even remember his own name. His first thought was to get Jase in the car and to the nearest hospital. But then he remembered the roads were washed out and they couldn't leave. He'd checked his cell phone earlier and he wasn't getting any signals way out there. He couldn't even call an ambulance. So he stood up and reached for Jase's hand again. "Are you sure nothing hurts?" Maybe Luis could find a phone in town and call Cory. Cory would figure out a way to get them out of there. Luis could always depend in Cory in an emergency. His mind raced with ways out of this mess.

Jase said, "I don't feel any pain."

Luis set his jaw. He stood taller and squared his back. He had to be strong now, for Jase's sake. "You're going to be fine. We're going to take you back to the cabin and Matthias is going to check you out. After that, we'll get some food into you. We'll go back to that cafe in town we passed on the way here. You're going to be just fine."

Jase smiled at him and said, "I'm sorry I don't remember you. But if we are married, I can't say I'm disappointed. You're a very nice person, even if you do dress a little strangely." He glanced down at the high heels again and frowned.

Luis's chest caved in. He saw a flash of lightning and heard a loud crack of thunder. A gust of wind made the barn doors creak. He put his arms around Jase and hugged him. "I think that's the nicest thing you've ever said to me. And I never dress like this. It's a long story I'll tell you later."

Matthias went back for the umbrella they'd left near the barn doors. He brought it back and handed it to Jase. "Here. You take the umbrella. I'm going to carry Luis back to the cabin so he doesn't kill himself in those boots."

Luis shot him a look. "I don't need to be carried. I can walk." He was determined to be strong now. Jase needed him.

Matthias glanced down at Luis's boots and laughed. "I don't need two people with injuries tonight. I'm going to carry you and that's that." He bent down and put one arm beneath Luis's legs and the other on Luis's back. He lifted Luis up before Luis had a chance to argue with him. He told Jase to go first. When Luis started to argue with him, he hoisted Luis up higher and said, "Shut up and put your arms around me. It's easier for me to carry you this way than for both of us to stumble back the way we came here."

Luis was too tired to argue. He put his arms around Matthias and rested his head on his shoulder. "Do you think he's going to be okay?"

Matthias rubbed Luis's back and said, "He'll be just fine. I promise. Now stop worrying and let me take care of everything."

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Five

After Matthias gave Jase a thorough examination in the living room, Luis told Jase a few basic things about his life without going into too many details. Then Luis took a fast shower and changed into a pair of jeans and a heavy black sweatshirt. He rinsed off the kinky boots and vinyl outfit and set them in a corner of the bathroom to let them dry. He would have thrown them out if he'd had a large plastic bag. He never wanted to look at that ridiculous outfit again.

At least the examination went well-as far as what Luis could tell from a so-called medical student from Philadelphia. Matthias didn't see any signs of a concussion, and Jase wasn't experiencing any of the symptoms. The only thing Matthias could find was a bump on the back of Jase's head about the size of an egg. Jase said it didn't even hurt much. The best they could do was monitor Jase for signs of head trauma until they could get him to an emergency room. Other than not remembering anything, Jase appeared perfectly normal.

When Luis walked into the living room, he found Jase sitting on the hideous plaid sofa with Beth Anne and Hood. Matthias was on one chair opposite the sofa and Blaze was on the other. From what Luis could tell, they were talking about going back into town for something to eat. Jase was telling them he was starved.

Luis took a better look at Jase. There didn't seem to be anything wrong with him. He had no pain, no bruises, no cuts or abrasions. Even his color appeared to be normal. Matthias said he'd done extensive work with emergency room doctors and he knew what he was doing. He also mentioned he'd once seen a young woman who had been traumatized by something with such intensity she couldn't remember her own name either.

Beth Anne spotted Luis first. "Hey, look who's back. The boy with the white high heels. Let's go eat. I'm fucking starved."

Luis sent her a glare. She was practically sitting on Jase's lap, rubbing his shoulder and looking into his eyes. After all he'd been through that night, he didn't feel like dealing with a crude, sarcastic woman. There was something about full-figured Beth Anne that made him want to turn his head in the opposite direction and gag. It could have been the thin, waist-high gray T-shirt she was wearing without a bra. It was obvious she was trying to get every man's attention. Her large breasts were pointy and bounced whenever she moved. If she lifted her arms too high, they'd probably fall out of the T-shirt. It could have been her high-pitched twine that made him clench his teeth. Whenever she spoke his ears rang and he felt like punching something. Or it could have been the way she just didn't seem to care about anyone but herself.

Matthias stood up and glanced at Luis. "Are you okay? You look a little more relaxed now."

"I'm good," Luis said. His insides were still turning, his chest still tight with fear. But he didn't want to complain in front of Jase. "I'll go get our car in the barn. We'll all fit better in our car." He'd noticed they'd parked a dark two-door car out front. Six of them would never fit in there. It was getting late, and he wanted to get some food into Jase before the cafe in town closed at midnight.

Matthias went over to where Luis was standing and said, "I'll get the car. You're still in shock, too. You shouldn't be driving. You stay here with Jase and I'll be right back. I noticed the keys in the ignition when I turned off the headlights."

"Are you sure?" Luis asked. "You've already done so much. If you hadn't been here I don't know what I would have done." Now that things were settling down, Luis was thankful Barton's wife had made the mistake of inviting Matthias and his friends to the cabin the same week Barton had invited Jase and Luis. Luis could have lived without Beth Anne, but having a strong man like Matthias around made him feel safer with Jase in this condition. The only thing Luis couldn't understand was Matthias's relationship with Beth Anne. They seemed to be a couple, but it was hard to picture them together. She was so crude, so vulgar, so obnoxious. Besides, from the way Matthias had flirted and felt Luis up earlier, pretending it was an accident, there as no way Matthias could be straight.

Matthias patted Luis on the back. "Just leave everything to me. I'll be right back." On his way out the door, he pointed to Beth Anne and said, "Be a good girl while I'm gone."

"Hey," she said. "I'm always a good girl." Then she ran her long fake red fingernails up and down Jase's arm and leaned into his side so her right nipple would brush against his bicep.

Jase glanced down and frowned at her breasts. He didn't seem impressed by her. Luis just rolled his eyes and went back to the bedroom to get another sweatshirt for Jase so he wouldn't catch cold on top of all this.

Luis let Matthias drive to the cafe in town without putting up a fight. He sat up front with him. Jase, Hood, and Blaze sat in the back seat. Beth Anne had to sit way in the back, with the things Luis had purchased that day in Amish Country, and she wasn't too thrilled about it. "Hey, I have to fucking sit on a pumpkin?" she said.

"I'll sit back there on the way home," Blaze said. She spoke in a soft tone and never actually looked anyone in the eye. When Luis thought about the poor girl having a friend like Beth Anne, he wanted to put his arm around her and console her.

"Why the fuck can't one of the guys sit back here? I'm a goddamn girl," Beth Anne said.

"Because the guys are too tall," Hood said. "Now get your fat ass back there and shut the fuck up."

Luis took a quick breath. He'd never gone to college and had never been in a situation like this before. He glanced over to see how Matthias would react to the way Hood had just spoken to Beth Anne. If anyone had spoken to Jase that way, Luis would have flattened them. But Matthias didn't even seem to be paying them any attention at all. He was fumbling with his seat belt, with his head down. So Luis glanced over his shoulder at Jase and smiled. Jase returned the smile and reached forward to pat his shoulder. He knew Jase didn't remember anything. But at least this small gesture reassured him.

On the way to town, the rain stopped, which made Luis breathe a little easier. The faster the rain went away, the faster they'd get back home to Cider Mill Farm so he could take Jase to the hospital and have him checked out thoroughly by a real doctor. But halfway to town Matthias hit the brakes. There was something in the middle of the road.

"What is that?" Jase asked. He leaned forward and looked through the windshield.

Matthias shrugged. "Looks like someone's bent over in the middle of the road."

So they all piled out of the Tahoe and walked over to what looked like an old woman in a gray shirt hunched over and on her knees. Luis grabbed Jase's arm. Jase put his arm around Luis and pulled him closer.

"Excuse me," Matthias said. "Is everything okay? Are you hurt?"

He didn't get an answer.

Hood took a step forward and looked down at the woman. "Can we help you? Are you lost?"

When they didn't get an answer this time, Beth Anne stomped up to the woman in the road and put her hands on her hips. "Hey, what's the matter with you? Can't you hear?" Then, in a bold move Luis wouldn't have made, she bent down and reached for a shoulder.

A head turned fast. It was a man, not a woman. His mouth opened wide and he screeched like a wounded cat. Every other tooth in his mouth was missing and his eyes were glazed over with a milky film. There was a thick, bumpy, scaly rash on one side of his face that resembled clusters of small mushrooms. He hissed a few times, jerked away from Beth Anne, and crawled into the woods on his hands and knees. That was when they noticed he didn't have any feet.

Luis started to shake and a chill passed through his body.

Matthias and Hood exchanged glances and shrugged.

Beth Anne put her hands back on her hips and said, "What the fuck was that creepy little thing? It looked like a fucking troll. This fucking place is the worst."

Matthias sent her a foul look and turned back toward the car.

By the time they reached the cafe, it was ten thirty and there were only a few people left. It was an old Victorian house and the first floor had been converted into a cafe. An older couple in worn gray clothing sat at a small square table near the kitchen door. The man had one of those Amish beards without a mustache and the woman wore one of those little white hats the Amish women wore at the Dutch Market near Cider Mill Farm. In the middle of the room, there was an extremely overweight woman in a black and white polka dot dress and bright red lipstick sitting at a round table.

When Luis and the other five walked in, no one turned to look at them. Everyone kept eating, their eyes fixed on their plates. Luis glanced down at the floor and sighed. The place hadn't been cleaned in years. When he moved his feet, clouds of dust formed and left a film on his black hiking boots. The front windows were so filthy it was hard to look through them. The old wooden table tops had crumbs and food stains.

Luis reached for Jase's arm and said, "I'm not so sure about this place. Maybe we should drive a little more and see if the roads are open yet." All his life he'd preached against the harmful side effects of fast food. At that moment, Luis would have kissed the counter at McDonald's drive-thru window.

Before anyone had a chance to reply, the old woman sitting with the old man turned her head and she glared at him. "They won't be open for at least a day. Nowhere to go but right here." Then she turned back just as fast and looked down at her plate.

Luis felt another chill run up his spine. But Jase put his hand on the small of Luis's back and said, "Don't worry. It's all good."

They took a table near the front window and a nice-looking young guy came out of the kitchen and handed them wrinkled old menus with so many food stains it was difficult to see the print. He was short, with dark blond hair, but clean shaven. He wore a dingy white shirt and the tightest black pants Luis had ever seen. But they didn't seem to be tight on purpose. They were short and about four inches of his ankle was showing, as if he'd been wearing them for years. The soles had separated from his black shoes and the laces were frayed at the ends. Everyone at the table exchanged glances. But no one said a word, not even Beth Anne. They just opened their menus and chose what they were going to order.

And that didn't take long. There weren't many choices, other than burgers, hot dogs, fried chicken, and macaroni and cheese. Luis would have killed for a fresh green salad and a nice seven-bone roast. But he ordered a burger with everyone else because he hadn't eaten since lunch.

When the young waiter returned, he smiled at them and said, "Can I take your orders now?" At least he was friendly-almost too friendly. He smiled too much, but with a grin that made his jaw jut out. He didn't show his teeth. He opened his eyes too wide and his nostrils flared. It was hard to miss, now that he was standing there in front of them, that his pants were so tight his penis was practically popping out of his black pants. And it was almost as big and thick as the Polish sausage Luis had bought for dinner the night before at the Dutch Market. It rested across the entire right side of his pants.

Luis pressed his palm to his chest and made a conscious effort to look into the young waiter's wide eyes when he ordered his burger. Matthias did the same thing, and so did Hood and Jase. But when it was time for Beth Anne to order her big bowl of macaroni and cheese, she glanced down at the young waiter's bulge and poked Blaze in the ribs with her elbow. Then she smiled and said, "I'd like an order of macaroni and cheese and a nice big juicy hot dog. Do you have a big, thick juicy hot dog for me, sweetie?"

Luis saw Matthias kick her under the table. He watched Blaze's face turn red. Jase and Hood just looked up at the ceiling and frowned.

The waiter said, "Okay, a nice big hot dog for you." He obviously didn't notice the way she was staring at his crotch. He had no idea she was making fun of him, and Luis had a feeling he never would.

Luis rolled his eyes. He wished he could kick Beth Anne, too. He hated it when aggressive people took advantage of people who weren't as bright or slick as they were.

Thankfully, Matthias shot Beth Anne a look and said, "She'll just have the mac and cheese, buddy."

The waiter grinned and his chin jutted out again. "No hot dog? I have one."

"No, thanks," Matthias said, glaring at Beth Anne, daring her to laugh.

When the waiter was gone, Matthias turned to Beth Anne and said, "Can't you be a little refined anywhere you go? He seems like a nice, decent kid. They don't have much money in these little towns. He probably can't afford new pants."

Luis felt a tug in his heart. He sent Matthias a smile. He'd been thinking the same thing.

But Beth Anne waved her hand and said, "Did you see what's going on in his pants? He's got a goddamn fucking torpedo in there." Then she poked Blaze again in the ribs. "I'd like to put that on a roll and cover it with mustard."

Blaze turned red and giggled. She looked down at the table, still smiling.

Matthias rolled his eyes and said, "I guess I shouldn't expect anything else."

When their dinners arrived, Luis asked if there was a phone he could use. But the waiter told him all the phones were out because of the storm. Matthias kicked Beth Anne under the table again and gave her a look. This time she didn't say anything that might offend the waiter and she didn't make any obvious reference to his bulge. But she did lift up her arms and stretch just enough for the young waiter to see her short, thin T-shirt go up. One of her big pointy breasts fell out and the young waiter's face turned red. He left so fast he almost dropped Luis's burger on his lap. Thankfully, Matthias reached over and grabbed it just in time.

While they ate, Matthias started talking about medical school. He said Hood was studying to be a dentist, but he was a year behind Matthias. Then Matthias told Luis and Jase that he and Hood had asked Beth Anne and Blaze to get away with them for a few days. Matthias made a point of letting Luis and Jase know that there was nothing serious between him and Beth Anne, in spite of the fact that Beth Anne was sitting across from him. He said Beth Anne was in nursing school, they'd dated a few times, and they weren't a couple. Blaze was Beth Anne's hairdresser. Hood and Blaze weren't a couple either. They'd dated a few times, like Matthias and Beth Anne, but there was nothing serious between them. They all lived in Philadelphia.

They all sounded like fuck buddies to Luis, but he didn't say anything.

Beth Anne didn't seem to mind. She kept looking over Matthias's shoulder at the young waiter with the tight pants. She seemed mesmerized by him, and hardly paid any attention to anything Matthias said or did.

She didn't even flinch when Matthias lifted the salt shaker and said, "I'm openly bisexual. And so is Hood. We used to play around with each other, but haven't done anything for a long time. We share an apartment in center city and have separate beds."

Luis dropped his fork and looked at Matthias.

Jase stopped chewing and swallowed with a gulp.

"Do you have to broadcast that?" Hood asked. He rubbed his eyes and glanced down at his plate. He obviously would have preferred to keep this quiet.

Matthias said, "What's the big deal? Luis and Jase are obviously gay. They're married and they have a kid. I just figured I'd be honest."

Blaze didn't seem upset. She was dipping a French fry into a mound of ketchup and twirling it around.

Beth Anne just sighed and stood up to use the ladies' room without saying a word. This time she didn't ask Blaze to join her. Luis had a feeling it was because the waiter with the tight pants was standing near the bathroom door emptying a trash can.

Luis smiled at Hood and said, "It's okay. We don't care what you are. Jase and I hate labels. You seem like nice guys and that's all that matters." Then he laughed and said, "I come from a small town in Tennessee. I wasn't openly gay until my father caught me in the barn with a guy named Snake. Jase here didn't come out of the closet until he was almost forty years old. He was a gay virgin until I met him."

Jase dropped his fork this time. His eyes opened wide. "I'm almost forty years old?" He didn't seem to care about the virgin part.

For a moment, Luis had forgotten Jase didn't remember anything. "Actually, sweetheart, you're over forty now."

"Well," Jase said.

Then Matthias started asking Jase questions. He spoke with a more professional tone, as if he were working instead of out with friends. The questions weren't too personal; just basic things about Jase's past. But the only thing Jase could remember, of all things, was that he came from Alaska and that he knew how to shoot a gun. Jase said he remembered something about an older woman named Isabelle, too, which made Luis smile. So Matthias patted Jase on the arm and said, "Don't worry about it, Jase. When people go through these things there's no set pattern. Some can't even remember their own names. I'm almost one hundred percent certain you'll start to remember things in no time. Sometimes all it takes is a sudden shock to bring it all back."

Jase tried to smile, but the corners of his lips didn't seem to want to turn up. "Thanks, Matthias. I'm sure you're going to be an excellent doctor one day soon." Then Jase reached for Luis's hand and squeezed it. "I'm so sorry this is so difficult for you. I'm trying as hard as I can to remember."

Luis felt a sting in his eye. He didn't want to cry, so he opened his eyes wider and shook off the urge. "I know you are, Jase. I love you whether you remember me or not. That's never going to change."

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Six

"Hey, I'm going to stay here with Micky," Beth Anne said. She'd just returned to the table after spending the past half hour somewhere at the back of the restaurant. "You guys don't mind, do you?"

Blaze's head went up. She'd been fishing through her purse for something. "Who's Micky?"

"He's that cute little waiter with the tight pants," Beth Anne said. "I'm going to teach him how to play poker when the restaurant closes. He lives upstairs with his older brother, Macky Sheltenfester. Everyone calls them the Sheltenfester brothers and they took over this cafe when their mother and father died."

Luis's head jerked. "Micky and Macky Sheltenfester?"

"Hey, what do I know?" Beth Anne said. "They seem like nice guys, and Macky wears his pants just as tight as Micky, if you know what I mean." She winked at Blaze.

Luis looked down at his lap and smiled. Good old Beth Anne liked dick a little too much.

Matthias rolled his eyes. "We know what you mean, Beth Anne. But I think you should come back to the cabin with us tonight. There's something weird about this town and all the people in it."

Beth Anne pulled a twenty-dollar bill out of her purse and tossed it in the middle of the table. "I'll see you all in the morning. Micky said he'd drive me back to the cabin in his daddy's old pickup truck." Then she turned and left before anyone had a chance to stop her.

Luis and Jase exchanged glances and Jase rolled his eyes. Luis would never have spent the night with Micky or Macky, no matter how tight their pants were or how big their dicks were.

Hood smiled and shook his head. He patted Blaze on the back and asked, "Do you want to spend the night with Micky and Macky Sheltenfester, too?"

"Hell, no," Blaze said. It was the first time Luis had heard her raise her voice all night. "You couldn't pay me to spend the night here with those two."

Matthias turned to Hood. "Do you think I should go get Beth Anne and force her to come back with us? I don't like the sound of this. There's something about this place that freaks me out."

Luis frowned; he didn't like it either.

Hood shrugged and said, "If you think she'll listen, by all means go get her. But I know Beth Anne. When she has her mind set on something she doesn't change it for anyone."

"Tell me about it," Matthias said. He laughed. "I have the scars to prove it, too. Besides, after she saw what was going on in that guy's pants, there's no way to change her mind."

When it was time to pay, Jase reached into his back pocket and pulled out his wallet. No one else noticed the significance of this small gesture. But it made Luis smile. It was the first sign of the old Jase Luis knew and loved. He was hoping this might be a signal that Jase's memory was returning at last. Jase was always the first to offer to pay, especially when he knew he was with people who weren't as well off as he was. When Matthias lifted his hands and said it was necessary for Jase to pay for everyone and Jase still insisted on paying the bill, Luis took the first calm breath he'd taken since he'd found Jase in the barn. Jase even told Blaze to take the twenty-dollar bill and give it back to Beth Anne. Luis simply watched quietly and let Jase pay for everything and take control naturally, as if nothing was wrong.

On the way back to the cabin, Luis had to admit it was quieter without Beth Anne complaining and shouting. He just hoped she was going to be okay with those peculiar Sheltenfester brothers, but he didn't mention this aloud either because he didn't want to make matters even more ominous than they were. The rain had started up again, and it was pouring down so hard and so fast it was difficult to see through the windshield. Matthias drove back to the cabin, and he didn't seem intimidated by the rain. He sat back in his seat, held the steering wheel loosely, and maintained an even speed limit without showing any signs of stress. For someone in a strange place, Luis marveled at how well he maneuvered the dark, narrow roads.

At one point, Luis thought he saw something run across the road. It happened right around the spot where they'd run into the little man with bad teeth and no feet on the way into town a few hours earlier. No one else seemed to notice it, so Luis didn't say anything. But he did reach back to make sure his door was locked just in case they had to stop or something ran out in front of them. Then he reached up for the handle above his head and held it so tightly his fingers were numb by the time they arrived at the cabin.

"Home, sweet home," Matthias said, as he parked the big black SUV as close to the front door as he could. "Last one inside gets to spank Luis." Then he laughed and reached over to punch Luis in the arm to prove he was only joking.

Luis lifted an eyebrow and sent him a glance. "I don't think so, Matthias."

But Jase tapped Luis on the shoulder and said, "Looks like I'm going to take my time getting inside, then."

Luis turned all the way around and looked Jase in the eye. There was definitely a sexual reference to the comment Matthias had made and Luis wanted to be certain Jase wasn't just joking around. "Are you serious?" He was hoping Jase might be remembering the one time he'd pulled down his pants in Central Park and spanked him on his birthday behind a cluster of bushes.

Jase smiled. "I might not be able to remember much right now, but I know a cute, sweet guy when I see one. If I was smart enough to fall in love with you and marry you, then I obviously have very good taste in men, too."

This was the second nicest thing Jase had ever said to Luis. He unfastened his seatbelt and sighed. "At least you still remember you're gay." Luis glanced at Matthias. "That's a good sign, isn't it?"

Matthias slapped the steering wheel and laughed. "He lost his memory, Luis, not his genetic makeup. Being gay isn't learned. It's something you're born with. I doubt Jase would lose his memory and start being automatically attracted to women. That's something that would really freak me out."

Luis frowned. "So, this isn't a good thing after all? He's just acting in instinct, not memory?" What did Luis know? One of his biggest worries was that Jase would, indeed, forget he was gay and start having sexual thoughts about women. At least Luis didn't have to worry about that anymore.

Jase didn't wait for Matthias to reply. He reached out and put his palm on Luis's shoulder. "It's hard to explain, Luis. I can't remember anything, but I still feel a strong connection to you. My heart starts beating faster when I look into your eyes. You're so attractive it's hard to concentrate, yet I don't know you." He rubbed his eyes. "I'm sorry. I said it was hard to describe. I know it sounds lame. But that's truly how I feel right now."

Luis reached around and caressed Jase's warm, familiar hand. "Don't ever feel like you have to explain anything to me, Jase. We'll get through this. I promise. Let's go inside now and see if we can get that fire going again. It's been a long day and we're all exhausted."

When they went into the cabin, Jase sat down on the sofa and Blaze went to a chair beside the fireplace. This time, Matthias and Hood went to the barn for more wood. They returned to the cabin without any incidents at all. Luis didn't say anything to anyone but he'd been worried something might happen to them while they were gone.

He could see Blaze was on the verge of shaking. She wasn't speaking and she kept biting her fingernails. Luis immediately started adding logs to the embers, trying to get it going again without kindling. While he was poking the logs, he saw something in the dark window out of the corner of his eye. It happened so fast he wasn't sure what it was, and when he turned and looked at the window, there was nothing there except darkness and beads of rain dripping down in a slant. He blamed it on his overactive imagination.

When the fire was roaring again, Luis sat down next to Jase on the sofa and Matthias sat next to Luis on the other end. Hood squeezed into the large old chair with Blaze and he put his arm around her, as if he knew how scared she was. He even grabbed her hand and pulled it away from her mouth so she'd stop biting her fingernails. Luis pretended he didn't see. He wasn't far from biting his fingernails either.

Then a large branch fell on the roof and Luis practically jumped into Jase's arms. "I'm sorry," he said. "I didn't expect that." He didn't dare look at the dark window. If there was something outside, he didn't want to see it. If ever a place could be haunted, this cabin was it.

Jase put his arm around Luis and said, "Calm down. It's just a bad night. I'm sure things will clear up soon. How long can rain like this last?"

Hood pulled Blaze closer to him. "It feels like it's been raining for a year, not just a day."

"I hope we get a chance to check out the Glatenfrissle Compound," Matthias said. "It's the only reason we came down here in the first place."

Luis's eyes opened wider. "The Glatenfrissle Compound?"

Matthias said, "It was a large farm not far from town that once belonged to a small religious group of what's loosely considered Pennsylvania Dutch. They weren't considered Amish or Mennonite. They weren't really even Pennsylvania Dutch. They were extremely clannish, and they never interacted with anyone outside their own community. This is also why they eventually died out. They weren't very well known for anything in particular. Most people have never even heard of them. But there are rumors they were so clannish they practiced inbreeding for as long as they could to keep the bloodline pure."

Luis grabbed Jase's arm. "This is the same compound I was talking about in the car earlier today." He turned to face Matthias. He felt stupid because Jase wouldn't remember. "When I was reading about Pennsylvania Dutch Country on the Internet, when Jase first told me we were coming here, I checked a few things out and stumbled across a website that mentioned the compound. It wasn't long, and there wasn't much information. But I wanted to check it out, too, when we got here. I can't believe you're here for the same reason."

Matthias shrugged. "I guess we think alike, Luis." Then he poked Luis in the thigh with his knee.

"The whole thing sounds a little creepy to me," Blaze said. "I can live without seeing that sort of thing."

Hood kissed her neck and said, "Then you don't have to see it, baby."

Matthias rolled his eyes. "Well, if the weather clears up enough tomorrow. I'm going to find out where it is and see if I can check the compound out in person. From everything I've heard, it was abandoned years ago. But I've also heard it was locked up with a tall iron fence, and no one can get inside. Like Luis said, there's not much information about it anywhere."

Luis sighed. "Then I guess we can't see it."

"No one says we can't sneak inside," Matthias said. He glanced over at Hood. "We're not going to harm anything. We just want to see what the compound looked like."

"It can't hurt anyone," Hood said. "Besides, no one will ever know we were even there."

"I don't know, guys," Jase said. "Even though it's been abandoned for so long, it still sounds like an invasion of privacy. It might be better to leave well enough alone."

When Jase said this, Luis kissed him on the cheek. Though Jase couldn't remember much, he still had a decent set of standards and ethics. Jase would have said the exact same thing if he hadn't lost his memory. "I have to think about it now," Luis said. "I didn't know it was so complicated. I was picturing a vacant farm, but this sounds more like a shrine of sorts. Maybe we can ask around town and see if there's a way to get permission to get inside and look around. Maybe someone in town still owns the property. We'll tell them we're just curious because the Glatenfrissles sounded so interesting."

Jase yawned. "I'm just hoping I remember some of my life tomorrow. It's a strange feeling I can't even explain."

Luis held Jase's hand and said, "I wish I could at least go online and bring up Elena's blog. I've written so many posts about our lives on that blog it might help bring back your memory."

Matthias sent Luis a sarcastic glance. "Oh God. You blog?" Then he rolled his eyes. "Please tell me you're not one of those people who blog."

Luis glanced back and raised his left eyebrow. "Yes, I blog. Don't be so smug, doctor. There's nothing wrong with blogging, so don't give me any attitude either. I have a very large following. I'm even thinking about starting my own blog in the near future." He'd been contributing to Elena's blog for a long time now. But it wasn't the same anymore, at least not for Luis. This had nothing to do with Elena. Her blog was still wonderful; she still created a magical place for her gay readers to escape, with artistic male nudes, excellent gay romances, and touches of gay history. It was always done in the best of taste, with a European flair and elegance, and Luis still loved reading it himself. But when he'd first started reading and contributing to Elena's blog, he'd been alone and single. He'd needed her blog as a place to escape, for when things grew rough and he felt like he had no place left to go. Back then, Elena's blog had been Luis's escape from loneliness. But Luis's life was different now. He had husband, a child, and a family. He had his twin brother back and he had good friends and a career. Luis had a full life he loved. And he was ready to branch out on his own now, without Elena. He wanted his own blog and his own online presence. The only reason he'd been putting it off for so long was because he didn't want to hurt Elena's feelings.

"I wish I could read some of the things you've written," Jase said. "They sound wonderful, and they might help me remember more about my past."

But Matthias smiled at Hood and said, "I can't believe I'm actually trapped in this place with a blogger. Ha. This place is getting stranger by the minute. Next thing you know there will be a vampire or a zombie knocking the door down." He reached down and pinched Luis's thigh to show he was joking.

Luis grabbed Matthias's wrist and squeezed it. "Go ahead, laugh. You'll be sorry when I write a blog post about the big asshole doctor who laughed at me while I was trapped in a secluded cabin in the middle of nowhere. Blog readers are very loyal. They like honesty and security. They will come to my defense and attack you like you've never been attacked before. You'll see." Luis was only joking. He never would have done this. He'd always believed that what he put in print would last forever, especially on the Internet. He never would have attacked someone on purpose just to feed his own ego and gain readership. He'd seen other sleazy, bottom-feeding bloggers do this too many times and live to regret it. They manipulated their readers with emotion and led them on in very sneaky ways, pretending authenticity at the same time they used fake names. Luis preferred to keep it honest and real.

Hood yawned and stretched. "I'm ready to crash, guys. Have we figured out the sleeping arrangements yet?"

Luis glanced at Jase and shrugged. Then he glanced at Matthias frowned. "We can't all fit in the bedroom," he said. There's been so much happening, Luis hadn't thought about sleeping arrangements.

"I think this couch is a pull-out bed," Hood said. "And the bed in the bedroom is queen size. If you guys don't mind, I'll sleep out here with Blaze on the pull-out, and you three can bunk in the bedroom." He kissed Blaze on the lips and asked, "Is that okay with you?"

Blaze ran her palm down his chest and smiled. "Sounds good, sweetie." He may have been bisexual, but Blaze seemed to have plans for him.

But Luis wasn't so sure about this. He could see Blaze and Hood wanted to be alone together. Hood practically had one hand down her pants. But he didn't want to share a bed with Jase and Matthias. He'd been hoping that when he had Jase alone in the bedroom, he'd be able to jar Jase's memory by making love to him. Luis wasn't sure it would work, but it was worth a try.

Before Luis had a chance to protest the unexpected sleeping arrangements, Matthias stood up and said, "I'm going to take a shower. I'll see you guys in the bedroom in a few minutes." He said goodnight to Hood and Blaze and loped back to the bathroom alone.

When Luis and Jase were alone in the bedroom, Luis closed the door to give Blaze and Hood some privacy. He could tell they were going to fool around that night. The minute they pulled out the bed Hood tossed Blaze down on the mattress and started kissing her. Her legs went up and her head went back, and she seemed more than willing to agree to anything Hood wanted to do. The last thing Luis saw before he closed the door was Blaze pulling Hood's dick out of his pants.

"I think I'll take a quick shower when Matthias gets out of the bathroom," Jase said. "I feel grimy, and who knows how long we'll have electricity in this storm? I should take advantage of the running water while I still have it."

Luis heard the shower running. He glanced down at Matthias's clothes in heap he'd left next to the bathroom door and frowned. Evidently, Matthias was a slob. Luis wanted to take a shower with Jase, but it wouldn't have looked right in front of Matthias. Besides, Luis had already taken a shower earlier and he didn't need another. "Sounds good, Jase. You're right. We might lose electricity tonight with this rain. I'll wait up for you in bed." Luis also wanted to get into bed before Matthias got out of the shower. Luis hadn't packed anything for them to sleep in. He figured they'd be alone and they'd either sleep in their underwear or in nothing at all.

Luis wasn't sure what to do. He couldn't get into bed in his jeans and sweatshirt. So he stripped down to his black boxer briefs, climbed into bed, and pulled the covers up to his chin.

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Seven

When the shower stopped, Jase knocked on the bathroom door and said, "Don't worry about cleaning up the shower. I'm jumping in right after you."

Matthias laughed through the closed door and said, "Don't you worry. I have no intention of cleaning up this mess of a bathroom. It doesn't deserve to be cleaned. It deserves to be knocked down and put out of its misery." He laughed louder and said, "I'll be out in a minute, buddy. I just hope you brought towels. There are only two in here and I used the last dry one."

Jase glanced back at Luis. Luis was still in bed, with the covers pulled up to his chin. Luis shrugged and said, "I'm sorry. We didn't bring towels. When you told me we were going to a cabin for a few days, I thought there would be towels here. I didn't picture the cabin to be anything like this. I pictured something quaint and cottagy." Matthias was right about the bathroom. The walls were warped knotty pine. It had a cracked white toilet with rust stains and no window. A wall mounted sink with separate faucets for hot and cold water hung crooked and looked as if it might fall if someone leaned on it too hard. The shower was a small, boxy tin affair, with no place to put soap or a wash rag. The best thing to do in a shower like that was to get in and out as fast as possible.

Jase smiled and sat down on the bed. "I'll use your towel. It's fine. I just want to get cleaned up. From the way it sounds, I planned this trip, and I didn't do a very good job of it."

Luis pulled down the covers and crawled to the end of the bed where Jase was sitting. He kneeled behind Jase and put his arms around him. "I didn't mean it that way. Seriously. I was so happy we were going to get away together and be alone, I would have gone anywhere with you." Then he kissed Jase on the lips and rubbed his chest. The last thing he wanted to do was upset Jase. He seemed so confused and lost. He wanted to support him and get him through this.

"It sounds like we have very busy lives," Jase said.

Luis kissed him again. "Oh, very busy," he said. "We have a son, Hunter, who just started kindergarten this year, and a very large extended family who love us very much. We're always busy and we're always very happy." Luis didn't mention the fact that Jase's father had passed away that summer. He didn't want to upset him. And he didn't want to go into too much detail about Jase being a billionaire because he didn't want to overwhelm him with too much information too soon. Jase seemed so frustrated and vulnerable. Luis thought it was best to let Jase know the facts about his life one step at a time. At least, that was how Luis would have wanted Jase to treat him if the situation had been reversed.

Jase turned around and put his arms around Luis. He lowered Luis to his back and climbed on top of him. After he kissed Luis, he said, "I can sense we're happy. It's hard to explain. But I feel so comfortable being with you. Sometimes I think I see flashes of this weird old truck and a big red barn."

Luis's eyes lit up. "That's the vintage pickup truck I bought for you as a birthday surprise. And the big red barn is at our home, Cider Mill Farm." He leaned forward and flung his arms around Jase's shoulders. "I knew you'd start to remember."

Then the bathroom door opened and Matthias came pouncing out in his bare feet, wearing nothing but a short towel and a silly grin. "It's all yours," he said, gesturing to the bathroom door. "I left the towel Luis used on the towel bar." He wiggled his eyebrows at Luis and said. "I sniffed it a few times first."

Luis quickly crawled back under the covers and pulled them up to his neck.

Jase stood up and said, "Thanks, buddy." Then he glanced over at Luis and winked. "I won't be long."

Luis smiled and returned the wink. When Jase closed the bathroom door, Luis looked at Matthias and said, "He just told me he's having flashes. He had a flash about a vintage pickup truck I bought for him one year, and flashes about our barn in Bucks County. Is that a good sign?" Luis figured Matthias was the doctor; he should know.

Matthias glanced into a cloudy mirror over a rock maple dresser and bent his knees so he could check out his dark blond hair. He moved his hair around with his fingers and said, "It's an excellent sign. I was hoping he'd start to get flashes like that. In some cases, once the flashes start coming, it's not long before they remember more. I think he's going to be okay. I've been watching him all night for signs of a concussion."

Luis rested his back against the rock maple headboard. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. But when he opened his eyes and exhaled, he saw Matthias remove the wet towel and turn toward the bed. So Luis lifted both arms and said, "Hold on, please. I'd rather you wait for Jase to come out of the shower before you get into bed with me. It just doesn't feel right." He glanced quickly at Matthias's naked body and turned his head in the opposite direction. Matthias wasn't just tall and muscular and beefy like one of those firemen who had posed for the beefcake calendar. He had at least eight inches of semi-erect dick hanging between his legs and it made Luis very uncomfortable. "And I think you should put the towel back on until Jase is finished. It's doesn't feel right." He kept flopping around and Luis didn't know where to look. It was extremely distracting.

Matthias laughed and picked the towel up off the chair where he'd left it. He wrapped it around his waist and asked, "Can I at least get into bed with the towel around my waist? It's freezing out here."

"Do you have underwear?"

"I never wear it," Matthias said. "I hate how it feels." He grabbed his crotch. "It squashes my cock."

Well. Luis knew he'd said that vulgar line on purpose because he was smiling. "Would you like to put on a pair of my underwear? I brought along five clean pair just in case." Luis liked to be prepared for everything.

"If I put on your underwear can I get into bed? I'm freezing my fucking nuts off."

"No. I'd still rather you wait for Jase to come out first. I just thought the underwear might make you warmer."

Matthias cast him a frustrated glance. "Then I'd rather not wear any underwear at all. I don't like it. I'll just sit out here and freeze my nuts off."

"Please don't be mad," Luis said. But he was thinking, go ahead, freeze your goddamn nuts off. "I just don't want to upset Jase. I think it's better if you wait for him before you get into bed. If you'd like, I'll get out and you can get into bed first. I don't mind." Luis really didn't mind, either. He didn't want the poor guy to catch a chill sitting there in a wet towel. Luis didn't mind the cold. In fact, he'd always preferred cold weather to warm weather, which was one reason why he loved Alaska so much.

Matthias rolled his eyes and said, "No. I'm fine. You stay in bed."

After a moment of silence, Luis asked, "Are you upset about Beth Anne spending the night with the Sheltenfester brothers in town?" He would have been fuming if he'd gone away with someone and they'd left him flat for two horse-hung country boys with yellow teeth and big chins who'd outgrown their pants years ago.

But Matthias just shrugged and said, "I honestly couldn't care less. I told you, I'm bisexual and there's nothing serious with Beth Anne." He glanced in Luis's direction and laughed. "She gives good head and she takes it in the ass like a real trooper."

This time Luis rolled his eyes. "Too much information." But he did have a feeling Beth Anne was the type of woman who knew how to suck dick and take it in the ass. He could tell by the shape of her lips and the way she tended to pout when there was nothing to pout about. And Luis had always been curious about bisexual men and had never had many chances to talk to them in person. Now he had two at the same time, Matthias and Hood.

"You know," Luis said, "I have a handyman in Bucks County. His name is Cory. I thought he was bisexual for a long time. I used to tease him all the time about it. But it turned out he was really gay and he was afraid to come out of the closet. He's now involved in a serious relationship with my identical twin brother." Luis had never been sure about this bisexual business. He supposed there were some who were really bisexual. But he thought most were fooling themselves.

"You have an identical twin?" Matthias asked. It was as though he'd never heard Cory's name mentioned.

Luis nodded.

"And he's gay?"

Luis nodded again.

"Did you ever do him?"

Luis laughed. "No, I never did him. He's my brother. I don't understand why I get that question all the time. Even Jase asked me that question once."

"It's hot," Matthias said. "That's why people ask."

There was another lull. The shower continued to run and Luis thought Jase would never come out. "So are you really bisexual?"

Matthias smiled and looked him directly in the eye. "Yes, I'm really bisexual. I'm not hiding in the closet either. I know who I am. I'm sexually attracted to men and to women. And for me it's perfectly natural."

Luis considered this for a moment. Though he'd never met a true bisexual, there had to be a reason why there was a B in LGBT. "It must get confusing sometimes. How do you know what you want?" Luis had known he loved men since he'd been a toddler and he'd sat on his cute uncle's lap for the first time.

"It's not confusing at all," Matthias said, "When I see a woman I like, I'm attracted to her. When I see a man I like, I'm also attracted to him. It's not that different from being gay or straight. And the good thing is you have more options. The bad thing is not many people really get it...or believe it. I once dated a woman for a year who tried to understand. I was open and honest with her from the beginning. But she couldn't get past the fact that I was also attracted to guys."

"Where you monogamous?" Luis asked. This was a big thing for Luis. He could understand being bisexual. But he felt that when a bisexual man or woman was in a relationship, they should remain monogamous just like everyone else.

And Matthias seemed to agree. "Of course I was monogamous. Just because I'm bisexual I don't get a free pass to sleep around. But the woman didn't understand it. So the relationship didn't last."

"I'm sorry," Luis said. "It must have been difficult for you."

Matthias shrugged. "It just wasn't meant to be. I got over it a while ago."

Luis thought about that for a moment, and then asked. "And Hood is bisexual, too?" What were the odds of running into two bisexuals at the same time?

"Yes," said Matthias.

"You've been lovers?" Luis asked.

"Many times," Matthias said. "But we were never involved in an emotional relationship. We've always just been fuck buddies. And to be honest, the sex was never all that great with us because we're both tops." He laughed. "It was basically blow jobs and mutual masturbation."

"And you're not upset at all that Hood is out in the living room with Blaze right now?"

"Not in the least," Matthias said. "I'm glad he's with her. Better he fucks her than me. I don't get fucked. I'm glad Beth Anne is with the Sheltenfester brothers. I'm glad I'm in here sharing a bed with you and Jase. You're one of the best-looking couples I've ever met. Are you tops or bottoms?"

"Jase is a top and I'm versatile," Luis said.

"Ha."

"Why are you laughing?"

"I can tell Jase is a top," Matthias said. "But you're total bottom."

"I've been a top before," Luis said. This was true.

Matthias laughed again. "I'll bet you don't put up much of a fight when Jase turns you over and spreads your pretty legs."

Luis gulped and smiled. Matthias had a point and Luis knew he couldn't win this argument. A second or two later, the shower stopped. A minute after that, Jase came out with a towel wrapped around his waist. He glanced at Luis in bed and asked, "Did we ever make love in an airplane?"

Luis jumped out from beneath the covers and raced to him. "You remember." He kissed him and hugged him. "I knew you would start to remember."

"Hold on," Jase said. "I only had a quick flash in the shower. We were in a small plane flying over mountains, and you were stark naked. But I don't remember anything else."

Matthias glanced at Luis. "You were naked in a small plane. I always wondered if that kind of thing really happened."

Luis ignored him. Matthias had a one-track mind and Luis didn't want to tarnish a wonderful personal memory that was filled with emotion. "Don't worry about it, Jase. It's a good sign. It means you're starting to remember. It was one of the most romantic things we ever did."

Jase smiled and patted Luis on the back. "It's just so damn frustrating. I don't even know what happened to me. Or why I don't remember anything."

Matthias said, "Luis is right. These flashbacks are a good sign that you're going to remember everything. And I have a feeling this all happened because of a fall you took. That's why you have the bump on your head. It was dark in there. You probably tripped over something and lost your balance. Accidents like that are more common than people realize. It could have been much worse."

Jase shrugged and said, "I guess you're right." He turned to Luis and asked, "Am I patient man?" Clearly, he didn't have a clue.

Luis laughed. "Sometimes," he said. "But you are used to getting what you want, and when you are frustrated about something, you can be very demanding."

"That's how I feel right now," Jase said. "I could punch something."

"Let's get to bed," Luis said. "A good night's sleep might help more than you realize."

"I'm curious about something," Jase said. "What happened to those boots and the outfit you were wearing in the barn?"

"I left them in the bathroom to dry," Luis said.

"I didn't see them," Jase said.

"I didn't see them either," Matthias said.

Luis went into the bathroom, looked at the corner where he'd left the boots, and saw the corner was now empty. He turned in the doorway and said, "I know I left them in there. I'm certain."

Jase walked to the bed and pulled back the covers. He gestured for Luis to get in first and said, "Maybe you forgot. There's been so much going on you might have just put them outside on the porch."

Luis thought for a moment. He walked to the bed. "I don't know. I distinctly remember putting them in the bathroom to dry. I would have thrown them out if I could have. I hate the sight of them now."

Matthias was still on the end of the bed. "There, you see? You probably put them outside and didn't even realize. The mind can play funny tricks on people under stress, especially when you don't want to deal with something."

"Tell me about it," Jase said.

Luis would have gone out on the front porch then if Hood and Blaze hadn't been fooling around in the living room. They weren't loud, but he could hear the pull-out bed squeaking. So he yawned and stretched. He climbed into bed and Jase followed him.

But when they pulled back the covers, Luis noticed Matthias was still on the end of the bed. "Are you coming to bed?"

Matthias sent them both a look. "It's okay?" He smiled at Jase and said, "Luis wouldn't let me come to bed until you came out of the shower."

Jase kissed Luis. "That's so sweet."

Luis rested against Jase's shoulder and said, "It didn't feel right to be in the same bed with another man without you around."

"You can come to bed now," Jase said. He laughed this time. "You have my permission."

When Matthias was under the covers, the room grew quiet. The only sound they could hear was the pull-out bed squeaking louder in the living room and the occasional moan or squeal coming from Blaze. It sounded to Luis like Hood was banging her into the kitchen.

"This is a little awkward," Matthias said. "I feel like the third wheel now."

Luis rested his palm on Matthias's shoulder and said, "Don't feel that way. I'm glad you were here to help me out with Jase. I don't know what I would have done without you."

Matthias leaned over Luis and smiled at Jase. "We could have a little fun now if you'd like. Unless you guys aren't into that sort of thing. It's cool one way or the other."

Jase shrugged and asked Luis, "Are we into that sort of thing? I don't have a clue." He wore an innocent, helpless expression.

Seeing Jase so clueless tugged at Luis's heart. Luis hesitated, then said, "We have experimented with other guys. We went away last spring to a place not far from Russian River in California. We were testing out a new motor home for a company you were thinking of investing in. We met these two guys. Twin brothers, Rob and Rand. One thing led to another, we got to know them and genuinely liked them, and we would up fooling around with them the entire weekend." Luis didn't mention he'd always been the one who was against this sort of thing.

"You took turns on twin brothers?" Matthias asked. He pressed his palm to his throat and gulped. This was the widest Luis had seen his eyes.

Luis lowered his head and looked up. This time he wanted to shock Matthias on purpose. "Actually, Jase, Rob, and Rand took turns on me that weekend." He decided not to go into detail about meeting up with Rob and Rand again that summer in Alaska. He thought it might be too much information for Jase to absorb.

"Fucking hot, man," Matthias said. "Did the twins do each other that weekend?"

Luis smacked his arm. "No, they didn't do each other. They are both tops. Besides, twin brothers don't have sex with each other, you idiot. I told you that already. It just a stupid, tacky fantasy that horny old dogs like you like to think might happen. Brothers don't have sex with brothers unless there's something fundamentally wrong with them. That's just wrong. And I think it's against the law, too." The thought of having sex with Gage, his own brother, turned Luis's stomach sideways. And he knew that even though Rob and Rand would have sex with the same guy at the same time, the thought of having sex with each other made them just as nauseous. They wouldn't even sleep in the same bed together.

"How did it work out for us?" Jase asked. "I mean, with the brothers."

Luis shrugged. "We're still good friends with them. They are coming to our home this week to spend Thanksgiving with us at Cider Mill Farm." Then he turned to Matthias. He wanted to go into a little more detail so Matthias wouldn't get the wrong idea. "Jase and I agreed we'd leave ourselves open to do three-ways, or in the case of Rob and Rand, four-ways, if the right moment happened. We don't go out looking for sex with other guys. We don't have an open relationship and we never have sex with other guys unless we are both there at the same time. I know other gay men have different arrangements. Our good friends, Josh and Roland, play around all the time with or without each other. That's their business and I try not to judge them. But we decided we wouldn't bring other men into our bedroom often, and if we did, it would be while we were together. We are monogamous in that sense. That's why I didn't want you getting into bed with me until Jase came out of the bathroom."

He knew he might have gone into too much detail. Jase's lips were parted, his head was down, and he was rubbing his jaw. But Luis wanted Matthias to understand completely. He liked him and had a feeling they might all become closer eventually.

But Luis didn't expect Matthias to run his hand up his leg and ask, "How do you know when the right guy comes along? Do you have a special silent code or something? Do you signal each other?"

Jase didn't know Matthias was feeling up Luis's leg. "Don't ask me," Jase said. "I don't have a clue. But I like what I'm hearing so far."

Luis reached under the covers, took Matthias's hand, and removed it from between his legs. "It's only come up once, with Rob and Rand. We just figured we'd know when it happens, with the right type of guy. It just has to feel right at the time. It's one of those things where you either know it or you don't."

Matthias moved closer, pinning his body against Luis's. "Would I be considered the right type of guy to join you?"

Luis moved closer to Jase. He laughed and said, "Under normal circumstances, you probably would be the right type of guy. But Jase can't remember a thing about his life. The timing is way off. I just want to get the hell out of here and back home." There was nothing shy about Matthias. His hand was back on Luis's leg and sliding up toward Luis's ass. And this time Luis found himself spreading his legs a little wider.

Matthias leaned over Luis's body and asked Jase, "How do you feel about this?"

Jase turned, put his arms around Luis, and kissed him on the lips. "I guess I'll leave that up to Luis. He knows about this better than I do."

Luis flung Jase a look. "You want to do it, don't you?"

Jase tried hard not to smile. "It's up to you."

This was a good sign. Though Luis could have lived without multiple partners, he knew how much it excited Jase. Luis had always thought it was because Jase had been a gay virgin when they'd first met, and Jase hadn't experienced other guys the same way Luis had. With Matthias's bulging chest muscle resting on his arm, Luis couldn't deny he wasn't aroused.

And being in the cheesy old cabin seemed to make it even more arousing-in that sleazy motel room way. But he still wasn't sure about doing anything with Jase in this condition. So he set his palm in Matthias's chest and said, "We can't do anything because I didn't bring any condoms along. Jase and I don't need condoms with each other. But we agreed that if we invited someone else into our bed it would always be safe sex." He figured this would get him off the hook in a nice way. Then they could all go to sleep and forget about it.

But Matthias jumped out of bed, ran to the pile of clothes he'd dropped near the bathroom door, and pulled a condom out of his back pocket. Then he ran back, jumped on top of Luis's legs, and said, "I have condoms. You never know."

Luis and Jase exchanged glances. Jase said, "It's up to you. I'm okay with it. I like him. He's a decent guy."

Matthias was fully erect by then. He leaned forward, put his arms around Luis, and kissed him gently on the lips. "Let's face it, we've already started the foreplay and didn't even realize we were doing it." Then he grabbed his dick and rubbed it up and down Luis's hand.

Luis lifted his arms and rested his hands on Matthias's shoulders. He caressed the back of Matthias's head slowly and said, "I like you, too. And to be honest, I can't have sex with someone I don't have at least a slight emotional attachment to. I'm just not wired that way anymore. I'll admit I did it when I was younger. I think all gay men do. But after I fell in love with Jase, sex for the sake of sex does nothing for me anymore."

Matthias pulled the covers back and exposed Jase and Luis's bodies. When he pulled off Luis's underwear, they were both as erect as he was. He took Jase in his right hand and Luis in his left and said, "I'll be honest. I'm a pig when it comes to sex. I can have it with anyone I'm attracted to. But I really like you guys a lot, and that's the truth." Then he kissed Luis again, lowered his head, and started taking turns on them.

While Matthias blew them, Jase put his arm around Luis and they started kissing. Luis's held Jase's face in his right hand. He opened his mouth and took Jase's tongue and submitted. Matthias moved slowly, sucking them both in even intervals. When he wasn't sucking one, he used his hand on the other. He was good with his hands, too. He jacked Luis's dick with his left hand just as well as he jacked Jase with his right. He sucked them, milked them, licked them, and swallowed what he could squeeze out of them for so long Jase started to moan inside Luis's mouth.

Luis had to admit he enjoyed the attention. It wasn't like this with Rob and Rand. With them, it was all about Luis doing the work. Luis didn't mind; he enjoyed talking care of three men at the same time. But with Matthias, Jase and Luis were free to concentrate on kissing and making out while Matthias concentrated on them. There was a different, unspoken dynamic that allowed Luis a rare chance to just rest back in Jase's arms and enjoy being held by him.

When Luis and Jase reached the point where they were close to climax, Luis held the back of Matthias's head and said, "I'm close. I can't hold back much longer."

Matthias glanced up at them. He wiped his chin and said, "You can come this way. I don't mind. You can both come this way."

This made Luis smile and caress his head again, but it was still too soon. Luis hadn't been paying attention to the time, but they couldn't have been fooling around for longer than a half hour. Luis liked to prolong things when there was enough time, and they had plenty of time to kill that night. So Luis smiled and said, "Put on the condom." He kissed Jase again and said, "You don't need a condom. We're both monogamous and we don't have to worry about STDs."

Jase sent him a blank stare, as if he were losing his virginity all over again that night.

There was no doubt about what would happen next. Luis knew this and he was already prepared. Matthias went up on his knees at the end of the bed and rolled the condom down his shaft. While he did this, Luis wiggled his way to the middle of the bed so that his head would be aligned with Jase's crotch and he spread his legs. It only took a second for Matthias to crawl between Luis's legs and reach for the bottom of Luis's ass. While Matthias opened Luis up with his fingers, Luis lifted his legs, bent them at the knee, and turned his head to face Jase. Luis closed his eyes, took Jase into his mouth, and applied pressure with his tongue. Matthias had two fingers deep inside Luis's body and he was moving them around in slow circles. It made Luis smile, the way Matthias took his time down there in a way most men didn't. He worked slowly, spreading the lips of Luis's anus apart, preparing him for something much larger. Though Luis knew he could take both Matthias and Jase without all this considerate foreplay, he enjoyed the extra attention so much he just kept his legs spread and continued doing Jase without saying a word.

When Matthias finally did enter Luis, he slipped inside with such a smooth push Luis closed his eyes and threw his arms back over his head. He spread his legs and stretched his arms as far and wide as they would go. When Matthias began to move, the springs in the old bed began to squeak louder than the pull-out bed in the living room; Luis began to moan and grunt very softly. But Matthias wasn't selfish. A few minutes after he'd entered Luis, Matthias tapped Jase's leg and gestured Jase to join him. Jase rose and Matthias pulled out for a minute. Both men reached down for Luis's legs and they pulled Luis to the foot of the bed. Jase lifted Luis's bottom and Matthias shoved a few pillows beneath the small of Luis's back so the lower half of his body would be higher. A second after that, Jase grabbed his dick, pointed it toward Luis, and he entered while Matthias stood there watching.

For the most part, Luis's head was back and his eyes were closed. But he did glance up once or twice to see what they were doing. When he saw the way Matthias watched as Jase slid in and out of his body, Luis grew even more aroused because of the expression of amazement on Matthias's face. He'd never seen anyone concentrate so hard. Matthias's fists were clenched, and his bottom lip was between his teeth. It looked as if Matthias was mesmerized by what Jase was doing to Luis, and he couldn't wait to get in there and take his next turn.

Jase must have sensed this, too, because he pulled out and stepped aside so Matthias could slide in between Luis's legs. Luis was amazed at how similar they were. They entered the same way: slowly and gently. They moved the same way: with an even rhythm, only using their hips, which aroused the most sensitive spots deep inside Luis's body. As they took turns on him, they moved fast so Luis didn't have to go without one of them for longer than a few seconds.

The only interruption happened when Hood walked into the bedroom without knocking first and saw Jase pulling out of Luis and Matthias about to enter. As Matthias plunged into Luis, Hood tapped Matthias's shoulder and said, "Just had to use the bathroom, buddy. I want a quick shower." Matthias started pounding Luis and said, "No problem, man. Sorry the towels are all wet. There's only two." Then Hood continued to the bathroom without even a backward glance.

Luis couldn't move one way or the other because Matthias was grinding faster and holding his ankles. But Luis couldn't get over how casual Hood and Matthias were with each other. Luis had heard it was like this in college dorms and frat houses, but he'd never been certain. What stunned Luis even more was what Hood did when he came out of the bathroom. Matthias had just pulled out and Jase was about to enter Luis again. Hood stopped midway to the bedroom door, watched Jase plunge into Luis, and licked his lips. He even lingered for a moment and played with himself. Then he turned and left fast. But on his way out he sent Luis a backward glance and gave him the thumbs-up signal with both hands.

By the time Luis was ready to climax, he saw Matthias and Jase exchange a quick glance. Luis didn't have to utter a word; they seemed to know he was close and he sensed they wanted him to come first. Matthias nodded at Jase and he pulled out, then Jase entered Luis and started moving faster. The bed began to squeak louder and the back of the headboard knocked into the knotty pine wall this time. Luis reached down for his dick and held it in his right palm. He clutched the sheet with the other. His scrotum tightened and he began to rub himself slowly.

After that, it didn't take long for Luis's entire body to shudder and tighten. When he reached full climax, just as he was about to ejaculate, Jase gave him five hard, unexpected pounds that made his jaw literally drop. Then Jase pulled out and Matthias took over so fast Luis couldn't tell when one man stopped and the other began. When Matthias picked up where Jase had left off, he brought Luis toward the most intense double orgasm he'd ever experienced. For a moment, the magnitude of what they'd done to him caused a lump in Luis's throat that left him breathless. The stream he shot went over his head and landed on the knotty pine wall behind the bed. And things didn't stop there. Matthias and Jase continued to take turns on Luis until the last sensations of pleasure passed through his body and his arms and legs went limp at his sides.

When Luis finally opened his eyes, Jase was the one inside him. Luis stretched his arms and glanced at both men. "Now it's your turn, guys." He patted the bed and said, "Get up here and kneel next to my head." He felt a little guilty because they'd been doing all the work and he'd just been flat on his back wiggling his hips. It was his turn to please them and he knew exactly what he was going to do.

Jase crawled up on Luis's right side and knelt beside his head. Matthias crawled up to his left and removed the condom. He threw the condom over his shoulder and smacked Luis on the lips with his shaft. Luis inhaled their aromas and held his breath for a moment. He reached for their balls at the same time and started squeezing them gently. When he did this, both men started jacking over Luis's face, so closely they rubbed against Luis's lips and knocked into each other. Luis continued to massage their balls. They started to jack faster and Luis opened his mouth and stuck out his tongue. It didn't take long for both men to come together. When they were finished, Luis took turns on them until they went soft inside his mouth.

Then he sat up, grabbed them both by the back of the head, and pulled their heads toward his. He kissed them at the same time. But when the kiss was over he looked into Jase's eyes and said, "I love you."

He didn't wait for Jase to reply. He wasn't sure how Jase would reply now that he couldn't remember anything. It would have been too painful-it would have killed him-to sit there and wait for Jase to either say "I love you," or cast him a blank stare. So Luis climbed out of bed and went into the bathroom to clean up. The guys hadn't made as much of a mess as he'd thought they would. But he wanted to clean himself up a little and rinse out his mouth. Matthias had been wearing a condom while he'd been fucking Luis and that didn't bother Luis. But Jase hadn't been wearing a condom. If Luis didn't rinse out his mouth he would taste ass for the rest of the night, and it would have been his own ass, which was even worse than tasting someone else's. That was one thing Luis wasn't fond of: that bitter taste of ass. It made him shudder and wince. He'd suck Jase off after Jase had fucked him because he knew Jase liked it. Luis was a good sport when it came to these things. But he always made sure he rinsed his mouth out very well afterwards.

When Luis was finished in the bathroom, he stepped into the bedroom and found both Matthias and Jase sound asleep. He smiled at the large opening they'd left for him in between them and pressed his palm to his chest.

But he couldn't stop thinking about those damn high-heeled boots. He was certain he'd left them in the bathroom, but they were nowhere to be seen. So Luis quietly crossed the room on his tiptoes and opened the door very slowly so he wouldn't wake them up.

The main room of the cabin was dark, except for the quiet fire that was still burning. Hood and Blaze had stopped fucking by then and they were sprawled out on the pull-out bed in front of the fireplace. Blaze slept face down under the covers. Hood rested on top of the covers face up, with his long hairy legs wide open, his arms back over his head, and his penis resting on the right side of his pelvis. Luis smiled; now he knew why Blaze had been squealing so much. Hood was almost as well endowed as Matthias. Luis closed the bedroom door partially. He was naked, and he folded his arms across his chest because he felt a chill. But he didn't think they'd see him, so he tiptoed out of the bedroom, taking quick steps, and walked to the front door so he could go outside and see if he'd left the high-heeled boots on the porch.

When he was outside, he noticed the rain had let up a little. But it was even chillier out there. At least it wasn't pouring buckets anymore. He didn't close the door all the way because he was afraid the click might wake Hood and Blaze. He walked from one end of the porch to the other and didn't see the boots. He knew he hadn't left them out there, and no one else had put them out there either. He wondered what could have happened to them. Could he have been so upset about Jase losing his memory he'd completely blocked out where he'd put them? He'd misplaced items before when he'd been stressed out. He'd once set Camp's flea medication in a safe place so he wouldn't lose it and totally forgot where he'd put it. He didn't find it until six months later, in a desk drawer in the living room at Cider Mill Farm, after he'd already spent more money on more flea medication.

Luis shrugged and turned toward the front door. But he stopped short and froze when he heard a loud crack in the woods in front of the cabin. He even thought he heard whispers. So he walked to the edge of the dark porch, leaned over the rail, and took a closer look. He saw a few branches moving around, or he thought he saw them moving. Then he gulped. What appeared to be a tall male figure, or the shadow of a male figure, crept into the woods. Luis blinked and looked again but saw nothing. He couldn't be sure about anything because it was so dark. He had to be imagining this, too. Maybe he was just tired and needed a good night's sleep. He'd had a long, tiring day, and Jase and Matthias had left him breathless that night more than once. The things they'd done to him brought new meaning to the expression "being fucked senseless."

But as he turned to head back, a pair of large, warm hands grabbed his naked hips and all the blood drained from his body.

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Eight

A deep voice said, "What are you doing out here all alone?" The rough hands went lower and rested on Luis's ass.

Luis held his breath and waited for a moment. A wave of terror passed through this body. He thought he'd been scared when the bear had followed him into the stream in Alaska the previous summer, but that was nothing compared to the way he was feeling now. He shouldn't have gone out alone, especially naked. What had he been thinking?

"You look nice," the deep voice said.

Luis gulped and held his breath. He slowly turned and glanced over his shoulder. When he saw it was Hood standing behind him, he exhaled and said, "You scared me to death, you big fool. Get your hands off me."

"Calm down," Hood said. "I didn't mean to scare you. I saw you walk outside and I couldn't help wondering where you were going stark naked." He laughed and squeezed Luis's ass with both hands. "That was hot inside. When I saw them taking turns on you I wanted to join in. Did you know your butt jiggles when you walk?"

Luis jerked away from him and turned around. "It sounded like you had plenty of fun with Blaze tonight." Hood was naked, only wearing a pair of unkempt brown sandals. His body wasn't as muscular as Matthias's, but he had natural definition and his torso was covered with an even layer of dark drown hair. He trimmed his pubic hair, but didn't shave it completely. His legs had the same even layer of dark hair as his torso.

"Not as much fun as you had with Matthias and Jase," Hood said, taking a step forward.

Luis tried to move sideways, but Hood put his arms around him before he had a chance. He grabbed Luis by the waist, lifted him up, and set him down on the wide, flat porch rail. When Luis tried to get away from him, Hood moved between Luis's legs and put his arms all the way around him. "Let's do it again," he said. "Everyone's sleeping. No one will know. You'll like it."

Luis felt Hood's erection poking into his right thigh. Luis had never been able to resist good-looking, aggressive men with dark hair. He was just as hard at Hood. But there was no way he was going to do anything without Jase. So he grabbed Hood's shoulder and said, "Let me go. Not now. I don't play around without Jase."

Hood's breathing grew heavier and he started kissing and biting Luis's neck. "Lift up your legs and wrap them around me. This is perfect. We'll make it fast. You know you want it just as much as I do. You'll like it, I promise."

Luis caressed the back of his head and said, "Not without Jase. And stop telling me what I'll like." He did wrap his legs around Hood's waist, but not because he was going to have sex with him. He wanted Hood to know he wasn't rejecting him because he wasn't attracted to him. Luis didn't want to be mean about it. He rubbed his heel up and down the small of Hood's back and said, "Look, you're a nice guy. I really mean that." Luis squeezed his shoulder muscles and then grabbed the back of his neck. "But I never do anything without Jase. I'll talk to the guys tomorrow and see if you can join us. As long as it's okay with Jase, it's okay with me." He didn't care what Matthias thought.

He had hoped this explanation might work. But Hood's head went down and he started sucking Luis's left nipple. Luis's head went back and his legs went up higher. Hood had found one of Luis's weakest spots and he was doing a good job working it. Luis cradled Hood's head and said, "You have to stop. I told you, not without Jase."

"Just let me slide in and out for a second," Hood said, circling Luis's nipple with his tongue. "I'll pull out. I swear."

"No, you won't," Luis said. "And we both know that." Luis had a feeling that if this went on any longer, he wouldn't be able to stop either. Being outside like this, naked in the woods, with a hot college guy caused his entire body to go weak. And Hood looked so cute and messy in those old leather sandals Luis's heart wouldn't stop racing. But he wasn't going to let this happen. He grabbed Hood's shoulders and shoved him back. Then he climbed down from the porch rail and said, "I'll talk to the guys about tomorrow. I'm sorry. It's nothing personal."

Hood smiled and nodded. "Okay, I'm good." He lifted his arms in surrender and said, "I can wait until tomorrow." Then he put his arm around Luis and walked him into the house, across the dark living room, to the bedroom door. He patted Luis on the ass three times and kissed him on the lips. "I'll see you in the morning."

When Luis opened his eyes on Monday morning, Hood was kneeling at the foot of the bed, holding his erection. At first, Luis thought he might be dreaming. Luis blinked a few times and looked at the small clock on the nightstand. It was still pouring outside and the one small window wasn't letting much light into the bedroom. If anything, the rain sounded as if it were coming down harder now.

The clock said it was after eleven but Luis didn't think that was accurate. He couldn't have slept that long. He usually woke between six or seven every morning and never even needed an alarm. Jase and Matthias were still sleeping. He didn't want to wake them so he spoke with a whisper. "What are you doing in here?"

"You said I could come back," Hood said, jacking faster. "You said it was okay when Jase was around. I'm so fucking horny I could fuck a watermelon right now."

Luis restrained from laughing. His bad-boy quality made Luis smile even though he didn't want to smile. "Is that the right time? It can't be after eleven."

Hood nodded. "It's right," he said. "I woke up at eight to use the bathroom and you guys were sound asleep. You must have been tired after the workout you had last night."

Luis smiled. "You have a dirty mind."

Hood smacked his palm with his dick and laughed. "You love it, too."

Then Matthias groaned and stretched his arms and legs. Without opening his eyes, he grabbed Luis's hand, shoved it under the covers, and forced it into his groin. Matthias was rock hard. Luis wrapped his fingers around the shaft and started stroking. When Luis saw Jase's legs move around, he put his other hand under the covers and took Jase's erection. He glanced at Hood and smiled.

While he was stroking them both at the same time, Jase opened his eyes and smiled. "That feels really good. If this is the way you wake me up every morning, I'm a very lucky man."

Luis sighed. "You still don't remember anything."

Jase shrugged. "Sorry."

"You will," Luis said. "I know you will." He didn't want to upset Jase. Though his own stomach burned when he realized Jase hadn't remembered anything else after a good night's sleep, he wanted to keep Jase calm and happy.

Matthias opened his legs and moved closer to Luis. He looked at the clock and said, "I can't believe it's so late. But I like what you're doing."

"We have company," Luis said. Neither Jase nor Matthias realized that Hood was on the end of the bed watching them. Luis nodded toward Hood and said, "Somebody wants to join us."

Matthias bucked his hips a few times. He smiled at Hood and said, "Hey, buddy. The more the merrier."

Luis turned to Jase. "Are you okay with this?"

Jase kissed him and said, "I'm good as long as you are. Is this something we'd do as a couple if I could still remember my life?"

"Yes," Luis said. "We talked about it and said that if and when the opportunity comes up, we'd take advantage of it." From what Luis could see, the opportunity had come up and neither he nor Jase had gone looking for it.

"It's okay with me," Jase said. "Beats sitting around in the rain feeling sorry for myself."

Luis released their dicks and climbed out from under the covers. Then he crawled to the end of the bed where Hood was kneeling and asked, "Do you have a condom?" Luis's head went down and he licked the bottom of Hood's balls.

Matthias climbed out of bed and walked to the place where he'd left his pants. He pulled two more condoms out of his back pocket and held them up. "I have plenty for both of us, man."

By that time, Jase was up and kneeling behind Luis. He grabbed Luis's hip with one hand and started poking Luis's opening with the other. The moment he inserted his finger, Luis opened his mouth and took Hood to the back of his throat. Hood still smelled like peach soap from the shower he'd taken earlier that morning. He was one of those guys with so much pre-come Luis could taste him the minute he took him in his mouth. Jase inserted another finger and opened him up wider. A minute after that, Jase entered him raw and started moving his hips.

While Jase held Luis's hips, Matthias kneeled beside Hood, and Luis took turns blowing them. At one point, Hood and Matthias changed positions. They stretched out their legs and moved closer together so their cocks would be aligned. When Luis saw the way their balls rubbed together and their hairy legs mingled, he gasped for a quick breath and grabbed them both at the same time. They leaned backward and closed their eyes. Luis opened his mouth as wide as it would go and took both dicks in as much as he could. But no matter how hard he tried to extend his jaw, the best he could do was suck an inch or two at the same time.

When Jase came, he pulled out and Matthias put on a condom and entered Luis. Luis continued to suck Jase and Hood while Matthias pounded him into the mattress so hard he had to reach down and lift him up several times so Luis would remain on his knees. After Matthias came, he pulled out and Hood grabbed Luis by the arm and yanked him off the bed. Without asking for permission or giving any explanation, Hood turned Luis around, shoved him up against the old maple dresser, and told him to bend over and spread his legs. While Luis spread his legs and arched his back, Hood put on a condom and grabbed Luis by the waist. With one plunge, he went in deep and started moving so fast the tacky milk glass lamp with the dingy ruffled shade on the old dresser fell to the floor and broke into a million pieces. When Luis spread out his arms, he knocked a stack of old books to the floor.

Hood was taller than Luis by at least six inches. Hood had to bend his knees and Luis had to stand on the tips of his toes to maintain a comfortable position. But bending his knees didn't stop Hood from bucking his hips at the most intense, even pace Luis had ever known. Luis's entire body shook and his head rocked up and down. Hood slammed him so hard and so fast the only sounds Luis heard was Hood's body slapping against his. Then the dresser began to wobble and one of its back legs broke off. Luis knew why Blaze had been squealing the night before. If Hood had fucked her this hard and this fast on the pull-out couch, it was a wonder she hadn't been screaming at the top of her lungs and begging for mercy.

Luis tried to control himself. He was normally quiet and restrained while he was having sex. Unless he and Jase were playing a sex game on purpose, like when they had literary sex or porn sex, Luis never shouted, squealed, or moaned too loudly. Sometimes he purred, and other times he whispered; he and Jase even talked dirty sometimes. But Luis never raised his voice in an obnoxious, vulgar way unless he couldn't help himself. And with Hood he couldn't seem to control any of his feelings. And before Luis even knew it was happening, he was screaming and moaning so much the only way to shut him up was for Hood to shove two fingers into Luis's mouth and clamp down on his jaw. Even that didn't gag Luis completely. He kept repeating Hood's name over and over. While Hood continued to fuck him without slowing down for a second, Luis sucked on Hood's thick fingers and gasped for air. When Luis started to tip sideways, Jase grabbed his right arm and Matthias grabbed his left. They held him steady while Hood continued his assault. Luis felt lightheaded and displaced. If Jase and Matthias hadn't been holding him up he would have been on the floor.

Though it was chilly in the cabin, beads of sweat dripped from their bodies. Luis rarely perspired, not even when he jogged. However, he had never met a man who could go for so long and so fast without wavering even once. Most men had the change positions a few times to keep their legs from cramping. Eventually, Hood brought Luis to climax with such ease Luis didn't have to touch himself. When Hood finally started to grunt, he shoved a third finger into Luis's mouth and held Luis's jaw so hard it pulsed. Jase could get rough at times, but never this rough. Rob and Rand weren't gentle, but never this ravaging. After Hood grunted, Luis knew Hood was going to come and that he couldn't hold back. Luis's mouth was full and he couldn't speak clearly. So Luis sucked Hood's fingers and nodded his head up and down. Luis screamed as if he were in pain and begged Hood to continue what he was doing with a quick stream of muffled gibberish he knew sounded lame, if not pathetic. But he couldn't help it.

Not long after that, Hood rammed into Luis so hard he lifted Luis's entire body off the floor and they both exploded at the same time. When they were finished, both barely able to stand, they fell back onto the bed and Hood wrapped his arms around Luis and held Luis in place so he would remain in Luis's body.

Jase and Matthias bumped fists and laughed. They looked as if they'd just seen a sideshow at the circus.

Luis still couldn't speak. His chest was heaving, Hood's fingers were still in his mouth, and Hood's dick was still up his ass.

Jase bent down and kissed Luis on the forehead. "That's the hottest thing I've ever seen. Do we always do things like this?"

Luis reached for Hood's arm and he pulled Hood's fingers out of his mouth. "We've done a lot," Luis said. "But I've never done anything quite like that." His head wouldn't stop spinning; his body refused to stop sweating.

Hood squeezed Luis's chest and said, "You okay, buddy? I hope I didn't get too rough."

Luis took a quick breath and laughed. Hood wasn't the best-looking man Luis had ever met. He had a bookish, nerdy quality and he didn't even wear glasses. But there was something about him, a raw, sensual masculinity Luis couldn't explain, that made Luis weak. "I'm not sure I can move. I might not be able to walk." He didn't want Hood to pull out yet. He wanted to lie there on his back, savoring every inch of this man. But then he remembered where he was and what had led him to this experience, and as much as he liked what had just happened he knew it was time to get dressed and see if there was a way out of that town. "I think we should head into town and see what's happening with the roads. I'd like to take another shower first."

Jase reached for Luis's hand and said, "Relax for a few minutes. Matthias and I will jump in together and shower fast, then you and Hood can go in after us. This way we'll get out of here faster."

This made sense. The four of them couldn't fit in the shower together, but they could go two at a time. And Luis knew Blaze would probably want to shower, too. "I'm kind of hungry, so don't take too long."

When Luis said this, Jase turned and laughed. "If it means I can get you to eat a decent meal, I'll move so fast the water will hardly touch my skin."

Luis's head went up. He glanced at where Jase was standing beside the bathroom door. Jase was always making comments about Luis's bad eating habits. As a model, Luis was always so conscious about gaining weight he rarely ever finished a meal. He usually left more than half of his meal on his plate. "Do you realize what you just said?"

Jase shrugged. "It just popped out. I'm not even sure why I said it. Do you have problems with food?"

Luis rested his head back on Hood's chest and took a deep breath. "Don't worry about it. I think it means you're starting to remember."

On his way into the bathroom to join Jase in the shower, Matthias slapped Luis on the leg and said, "I'll bet he never forgets what just happened in here. Fuck, man. He lifted you up off the floor with one hand and his dick. I know I'll never forget it. I was afraid we might have to hose you two down to pry you apart when you were finished."

When Jase and Matthias were in the shower, Hood held Luis tighter and yawned. He wasn't making any attempts to move. "I told you you'd like it," Hood said.

Luis smiled. He lifted Hood's hand to his face and he kissed his palm. "Don't be smug."

Hood kissed Luis's shoulder. His tone grew more sober. "I'm really not being smug. I like you guys a lot, and I'm glad you're not one of those uptight couples who never play around. Besides, I'm usually more into women than I am guys. But there's something about you that makes me want to do very bad things. I think it's the way your ass jiggles when you walk."

"You're full of shit," Luis said. He'd stopped falling for lines like that years ago. "You were horny and you fucked me."

"I told you you'd like it."

Luis couldn't argue with him. But he didn't want to admit it out loud. Hood's ego was already inflated enough. "I just wish Jase hadn't lost his memory this weekend," Luis said. "I've never been so worried about anything in my life. But I'm glad you and Matthias were here. I don't know what I would have done without you guys."

Hood kissed him again. "Jase will be okay. I know it. Now hold on to me."

"Why?"

"I want to turn you over and do a few more bad things to you while they're still in the shower."

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Nine

When it was their turn to use the bathroom, Luis and Hood played around in the shower a little longer than they should have, and they wound up running out of hot water and poor Blaze had to take a cold shower. Luis and Hood didn't have sex in the shower, but they both disovered they were in sync, that their individual personalities seemed to bounce off each other. They were more like two friends horsing around than two serious lovers filled with emotion and passion. When Luis dropped the soap and bent down to get it, Hood shoved his finger up Luis's ass and laughed so hard he almost fell out of the shower. The same thing happened to Luis when Hood closed his eyes to rinse soap out of his hair and Luis tried to shove his finger up Hood's ass. Hood jumped two feet and said he didn't allow anything to enter in his ass. But Luis wouldn't stop trying and they both wound up on the shower floor laughing and holding their stomachs. And when Hood forced Luis's head down between his legs and forced him to teabag him on the shower floor, Luis laughed so hard he wound up choking on water and gasping for air while he shoved Hood's balls into his mouth.

Luis never had rowdy, idiotic experiences like this before with other guys. He'd never gone to college and he'd never lived in a dorm. His parents had kicked him out of the house when they'd learned he was gay the summer he'd graduated from high school. He'd gone straight from his mother and father right into a relationship with an older man, then escaped from that and moved to New York where he'd floundered around until he'd met Jase. Luis had always wondered what it was like to be in college and do the things people in college did. Sometimes he envied his twin brother, Gage, now that Gage was in nursing school. Luis was paying all of Gage's tuition, yet he'd never gone further than high school.

He didn't have any regrets. He had a good career as a model and he'd been making plans with Hillary about cooking school. He'd never wanted to go to college. But with Hood, the most typical college student Luis had ever met, he was finally finding out what it was like to have a buddy to joke around with.

While they were drying themselves off with the soaking wet towels, Luis snapped his towel against Hood's bare ass and said, "I hope we can be friends. I'm really enjoying you more than I thought I would. I thought you were the quiet one, kind of boring...just a dick without a sense of humor. But you're nothing like that."

"I am boring. I'm a fucking geek. I'm going to be a fucking dentist."

"You're far from boring. I haven't laughed this much in a long time, and under these dismal circumstances that says something." Luis meant every word, from the bottom of his heart. He'd met male models who were ten times better looking than Hood, yet none had an ounce of personality.

Hood turned and snapped his towel against Luis's ass. "I like you, too. You're my bitch for life now, my new BFF." He laughed. "And to prove it, I'll wear your underwear and you can wear mine."

They shook hands and Luis said, "It's a deal, idiot."

On the way to the cafe in town, no one laughed. Blaze didn't smile or speak. She sat in the backseat with her arms folded across her chest and stared out the window with her eyebrows furrowed. Matthias drove again, and Luis sat up front. Jase sat on one end of the backseat and Blaze on the other, with Hood in the middle. Hood kept trying to joke around with her. He poked her in the ribs, tried to tickle her, and told her she looked hot in the bright pink tube top she'd put on that morning. Luis thought it looked trashy; all she needed was a hot pink scrunch-band for her hair to finish the outfit. But Blaze just kept sending Hood glares and jerking away from him.

Luis had a feeling it was because Blaze wasn't too happy about what he'd done with Hood that morning. The cold shower hadn't helped her mood. But Luis sat still with his hands folded on his lap, and remained silent. This was none of his business. Besides, he'd never been in a situation like this before, especially not with a woman. As far as he knew, Blaze and Hood weren't officially a couple. Matthias had said they were just friends. Luis would never have slept with Hood if he'd thought they were a couple.

When they reached the edge of town, Matthias said, "I hope we can find Beth Anne." He laughed. "She might never want to leave this town after a night with the horse-hung Sheltenfester boys."

Luis had been wondering about Beth Anne. She'd told them Micky would drop her off in the morning. When she never showed up, he figured it was none of his business.

"I'll bet she had more fun than I had," Blaze said. She clenched her fists in her lap. "I should have spent the night with her."

Luis wished his best friend, Hillary, was there. Hillary would have had Blaze for breakfast with a smile and a sentence. Hillary would have known what to do. Luis made a mental note to make sure he introduced Hillary to Hood. He had a feeling they'd like each other a lot. Luis didn't believe in fixing people up, but simple introductions never hurt anyone. If they didn't fall in love, at least they'd be friends.

Hood tried to put his arm around Blaze, but she recoiled. "I thought we had fun last night, baby," Hood said in a patronizing tone.

Blaze said, "It sounded to me like you had a lot more fun this morning without me, baby." Then she punched the window and said, "And don't fucking call me baby anymore. I'm not your fucking baby, you shit."

Luis turned and glanced at Jase. Jase rolled his eyes and covered his mouth so they wouldn't see him smile. Evidently he thought this was humorous.

Luis wished he'd thought to bring coffee with him. He wasn't in the mood to deal with a temper tantrum, especially from someone with raspberry hair in a hot pink tube top. There was a coffee maker in the cabin and he could have used a good strong cup that morning. It was already after twelve and he still couldn't seem to wake up. His legs were a little sore, and so were his wrists. When Hood had lifted him off the ground, he'd rested all his weight on the maple dresser top for balance and he'd used his wrists to do it. He almost laughed out loud. He'd never had sore wrists from too much sex.

The rain had let up a little and now it was only drizzling. Matthias parked in front of the cafe and Luis looked around and said, "I've never seen a place so desolate. It's as if no one lives in this town. There are no signs of life anywhere."

"There are a lot of little towns like this in Alaska," Jase said, without realizing it.

Luis and Matthias looked at each other, and Luis turned toward Jase. "Do you remember those towns? Are memories returning to you?"

Jase shrugged his shoulders. "I'm not even sure why I said that. I guess maybe I'm starting to remember in bits and pieces. Alaska just popped into my head."

When they entered the cafe, it was almost empty. The large woman who'd been there the night before was at the same table, but now she was wearing a yellow and white striped tent dress instead of the black and white polka dot affair. The minute the door slammed shut, Beth Anne pounded through the kitchen doors with one of the Sheltenfester brothers. "Hey," she said. "Where have you all been? It's almost one o'clock in the afternoon. I was going to ask Micky and Macky to take me back to the cabin, but then decided to just wait for you guys right here."

Matthias said, "We slept late." He smiled at Luis. "It was a long night."

Blaze rolled her eyes and said, "Matthias and Hood discovered a few of Luis's special hidden talents and lost track of time."

Luis turned fast. "Listen," he said. "If you think I'm going to take shit from you, you'd better think twice." He'd had enough of her for one morning.

Blaze twirled her finger above her head and said, "Blah, blah, blah..." Then she crossed the room and sat down at the same table they'd used the night before.

"Calm down, honey," Beth Anne said to Luis. "She gets this way sometimes. She doesn't mean any harm. She'll get over it." Then she smiled and leaned into Luis's ear. "Did they all fuck you last night? I had a feeling they would. You can tell me, honey."

Luis's jaw dropped and he gaped at her.

"Beth Anne," Matthias said. "Didn't anyone ever tell you it's not polite to kiss and tell?"

"Fuck that," she said. "Wait until you hear about what happened to me last night. I've never experienced anything like it before." She turned to Luis and whispered, "Micky and Macky are both uncircumcised."

Jase said, "Let's go sit down and order something to eat first. I think we could all use a strong cup of coffee right now."

They sat at the same table with Blaze. Hood sat next to Blaze on one side and Beth Anne sat on her other side. Luis sat as far away from her as possible because his teeth were still clenched over the way she'd treated him. Luis didn't get angry often. He had an even temper with a long fuse that went on for days. People tended to walk all over him and he never raised his voice. But when he finally did reach the point where the veins in his neck were popping, he went right for the throat and didn't care who was listening. If Blaze even looked at him sideways, he wasn't sure he could control himself.

Micky Sheltenfester took their orders and brought out a large fresh pot of coffee. He was smiling and had a slight spring in his step. Beth Anne made a few comments about how well endowed the Sheltenfester brothers were and how they'd turned her sideways, backward, and upside down. But when she started in about the way they'd fucked her in the ass, Matthias stopped her before she went into a detailed explanation. "Too much info, Beth Anne," he said. "Let's have our coffee first."

After two cups of strong black coffee and three corn muffins loaded with butter, Luis's fists finally unclenched and he began to feel a little guilty about the way he'd attacked Blaze. After all, she was younger than him. Her maturity level suggested she was more like sixteen than twenty-one. They also had one thing in common that set them apart from all the others: neither one of them had been to college. So when Beth Anne rose and said she was going to the ladies room and she asked Blaze to join her, Luis stood up a minute later and said he had to go to the men's room, hoping to head them off and have a quick talk with Blaze about what had happened with Hood.

Hood seemed to think this was funny. "Are you going to powder your nose with the girls, Luis?" He poked Matthias in the ribs with his elbow and laughed.

Luis glanced down at him and said, "If you'd rather, I'll just piss on you right here instead of going to the bathroom." Luis knew Hood was only joking. But he'd heard jokes like this before about gay men and it always left him with a bad taste. He'd decided a long time ago that whenever someone cracked a gay joke like that, he'd set the record straight so it didn't happen twice.

Matthias laughed. "Go ahead, Luis. I heard rumors Hood's into getting pissed on sometimes."

Hood shut his mouth fast and frowned. "I was only joking," he said. He punched Matthias in the chest and said, "I've done a lot in my life, but no one's ever pissed on me."

Luis walked around the table and patted Hood on the back. "I know you were only joking around. I was only joking, too. But if you make a remark like that again I really will piss on you." Then he turned to Jase and smiled. "I'll be right back, baby."

When Luis went into the bathroom, he crossed to the urinals and pulled down his zipper. It was an old-fashioned bathrooms, with only two urinals, one stall with one toilet, and one lopsided sink. But the white tiles were clean and it smelled like peppermint disinfectant. While he was peeing, the bathroom door opened and in walked Micky Sheltenfester. He walked to the urinal beside Luis's, pulled down his zipper, and yanked out his dick.

Luis didn't want to be obvious. He glanced at Micky and they exchanged smiles. But when Luis went to turn his head again, he glanced down at Micky's urinal and blinked. Luis had never seen such a big, floppy dick in his entire life. Micky had to hold it with both hands and he could have used a third. If Luis put a dick like that on a scale he imagined it would weigh at least three pounds. Then Luis gulped and cleared his throat. If he hadn't been holding his own dick he would have had pressed his hand to his chest and grabbed the sink. No wonder Beth Anne had been in such a good mood that morning. If Micky's brother, Macky, was as well endowed as Micky was, they might never get Beth Anne to leave this little town.

Then Luis zipped up and smiled at Micky again. He washed his hands and left as fast as he could. On his way out, he bumped into Blaze and Beth Anne, knocking Blaze's purse out of her hands. Luis quickly went down and picked up the purse. He handed it to her and said, "Look, I want to apologize for what happened back there. I've been worried about Jase and I shouldn't have snapped at you like that. I'm sorry. I really didn't think you'd mind what happened with Hood. I was under the impression you guys weren't a serious couple. At least, that's what I was told. If I'd known you were, I never would have done anything like that." Then he exhaled and felt a wave of relief pass through his body.

Blaze shrugged and looked up at him. In a soft voice, she said, "It's okay. We aren't really a couple. I was just hoping for more. But I know it's not going to happen with Hood. I shouldn't have been such a bitch either, especially when I know better. I'm sorry, too."

"Okay," Beth Anne said, with a great big smile. "Everyone hug and kiss now."

Luis rolled his eyes at Beth Anne. But he did reach out and hug Blaze. When they returned to the table, he put his arm around her and said, "We're all best friends again." Luis couldn't stop smiling; he loved nothing more than a happy ending. But he did sent a quick glare in Hood's direction. He was a little angry that Hood hadn't explained how delicate Blaze was. Luis should have been told.

"What did I do?" Hood asked. He really didn't seem to get it.

Luis and Blaze looked at each other and smiled. Blaze said, "Nothing, it's all good now. I'm really okay, Luis."

A minute after that, two rough young men walked into the cafe and stood in the middle of the seating area and looked around. One wore a black leather jacket and the other a hooded sweatshirt. The one in the leather had black hair down to his shoulders and dark five o'clock shadow. The one in the sweatshirt had lighter, shorter brown hair and a scruffy goatee. They were tall, over six feet, and they both had lean, lanky bodies. Luis thought they were attractive in a rough-trade way, but he kept this to himself.

When the guy in the black leather turned to look at the table where Luis was sitting, he poked his buddy and whispered something Luis couldn't hear. And that was when Luis remembered they were the guys he and Jase had almost run over when they'd first arrived in town.

Luis reached under the table and squeezed Jase's leg. He gestured toward the two guys with his head and said, "Do you remember them? We almost ran them over." Luis looked at Matthias. "They just walked into the street out of nowhere and we didn't see them coming."

Jase shrugged. "I'm sorry. I don't remember. They're total strangers."

Beth Anne set down her coffee mug and said, "Hey, they're kind of cute. I'm glad you didn't run them over. I like the one with the black hair. He's got a cute butt in those jeans."

Matthias turned and gave them a quick look. Then he turned back and said, "Be good, Beth Anne. They look like they could be trouble. The last thing we need is trouble from a couple of straight country boys out here in the middle of nowhere."

Luis agreed. But he wasn't sure how straight they were. He remembered the way they'd looked at him when they'd seen him hugging Jase in the car. He'd never forget the way the guy in the leather jacket had groped himself. Luis was hoping they wouldn't recognize him. But a minute later, both of them walked over to the table and the one with the sweatshirt and goatee said, "Well, look who's here. We didn't think we'd be running into you again." He was talking to Luis, looking directly at him. He spoke with a sense of attitude and entitlement, like most young men with limited intellect.

Luis smiled. He'd missed the goatee the night before because it had been so dark. He said, "Hey," and looked down at his empty muffin plate. They reminded Luis of the guy named Snake he'd fooled around with the summer he'd graduated from high school in Tennessee. Snake had also fucked his twin brother, Gage, that same summer behind Luis's back. Whenever Luis thought about that time in his life, he felt a strong burning sensation in his stomach. For some reason Luis could never understand, guys like this saw Luis and gravitated to him without a minute's hesitation.

Jase smiled and squared his back. "Is there anything we can do for you guys?" They were both still gaping at Luis. It must have bothered Jase.

Beth Anne turned to the guy in the black jacket, the one she thought had a cute butt. She rubbed his sleeve and said, "I love your jacket. It's so rough and strong."

The guy in the black leather ignored Beth Anne completely and said, "We just came in to grab some coffee." Before he turned, he glanced at Luis and said, "See you later."

Luis looked up. "See you later." He watched them turn and walk over to the counter.

The large woman in the yellow and white tent dress unfolded from her chair. She nodded at the two young guys, turned, and walked toward the exit. Luis watched the way her body swayed back and forth, as if every step she took was an extreme effort.

"Why don't we ask those guys about the Glatenfrissle compound?" Matthias said. He leaned forward with his elbows on the table. "I'll bet they are local and I'll bet they know exactly where it is. I'm dying to see that place, and there's nothing else to do around here until he roads are open again."

"I'll go ask them," Beth Anne said. "What's the name of the place again? Gattenfuzzle?"

Luis could see Beth Anne was intrigued by the two men. She couldn't take her eyes off the backs of their jeans.

Jase said, "I think we'd better leave well enough alone. There's something about those two that I don't trust. I don't appreciate the way they look at Luis."

Luis said, "We already asked them about the compound right after we almost ran them over and they said they knew nothing." He knew Jase couldn't remember.

"Don't you want to see the compound?" Matthias asked, turning to Luis. He sounded wounded. "I thought you were interested in seeing it. It can't hurt to ask again."

Luis shrugged. He didn't want to hurt Matthias's feelings. "I guess I do. But I'd rather ask someone else, not them."

After the two guys took their coffee and exited, Micky brought the check to the table and Matthias asked him about the Glatenfrissle compound. At first, Micky gave Matthias a blank stare. When he regained his composure, he said, "I never heard of no place like that around here. Can't help you none." Then he dropped the check on the table and left so fast he almost jogged back to the kitchen.

"He's lying," Hood said. "He's heard of the compound, but doesn't want to say anything."

Matthias frowned. "But why? I don't get it."

Luis shrugged. "I once went to a little town in New Jersey with a friend. We were looking for a fortune teller who was supposed to be very good. But everyone we asked in town told us they'd never heard of her."

"What happened?" Jase asked.

Luis sighed. "We finally found someone who would help us, and we found the fortune teller in a small house without a sign, on a little side street at the end of town. Evidently, the people in town didn't want anyone thinking their town was known for fortune tellers. People can be weird that way."

"Maybe there's some deep dark secret out there at the compound no one's supposed to know about," Matthias said. "You can barely get any information on the Internet. Luis is right. They love to cover up old skeletons in small towns."

Jase took the check and reached into his pocket for his wallet. "I think it might be a good idea to just go back to the cabin and wait until the roads are open. If this compound is locked up and closed, we won't be able to see anything anyway without breaking the law."

Matthias shrugged. "I just want to see the outside. I'm curious. It sounds fascinating." He reached over to take the check from Jase. "I'll get this one. You got the last one."

Jase shook his head. "I insist." He refused to release the check.

"Maybe we could walk around town and see if anyone knows anything about the compound," Hood said. "I'm getting a little curious, myself."

"I guess it couldn't hurt," Jase said. "But I think we should be careful."

"Jase is right," Luis said. "They hate outsiders in towns like this. I come from a small town not much larger than this one and we distrusted anyone passing through whom we didn't know. We always felt as if they were laughing at us behind our backs."

"We'll be as careful as possible," Matthias said. Then he glanced down at Beth Anne and frowned. She'd just pulled a small mirror out of her purse and she was applying bright red lip gloss with a thin brush. "And Beth Anne will be a perfect lady."

"Hey, don't look at me. I've done nothing but be nice to the men in this town since I got here. Ask Micky and Macky Sheltenfester."

When they left the cafe, they crossed the main street and walked over to a broken-down gazebo in what looked like a makeshift version of a town square. Only it wasn't square; it was more rectangular. There was no set pattern like traditional town squares, with sidewalks and benches. The shrubs were overgrown with ivy and there were loose branches everywhere. At least the heavy rain had turned into a soft drizzle and they didn't need umbrellas anymore. Hood and Jase stood with their hands in their pockets. When Matthias pulled out a pack of cigarettes and lit one up, Jase said, "Can I have one, man?"

Luis turned fast. "Jase, you told me you quit smoking ten years ago."

Jase looked down at the cigarette Matthias had just handed him. "I don't remember," he said. "All I know is that I have a craving right now."

Matthias said, "I don't see how one cigarette will hurt him. I smoke about a pack a month, if that. This is the first cigarette I've had since Saturday. It's not like we're going to chain smoke. And we are outdoors. Please don't tell me you're one of those people who thinks smoking outdoors in God's open air is socially offensive and politically incorrect, especially with all the cars and buses and taxis in the world. The last time Beth Anne farted it was a lot worse than this cigarette."

Beth Anne glared at him. "Hey!"

Luis sent them both a scowl. He despised smoking more than he hated bad food. But at least it was a sign that Jase had remembered something else about himself, so Luis sighed and said, "As long as you don't make it a habit, Jase, I guess it can't hurt. But if you think you're going to take up smoking again, you'd better think twice." This was something Luis would not stand for. He'd turn his head when Jase gave Hunter sugary drinks and cookies instead of fresh organic veggies and expensive bottled water. He'd overlook the occasional fast food meal, greasy corn dogs, and chicken fingers that contained God knows what. But smoking vile, sickening, obscene cigarettes would drive Luis to distraction. And heaven forbid their friends found out Jase smoked. They'd probably never get invited to a dinner party in Manhattan again.

Jase clicked the lighter and lit up. He inhaled, closed his eyes, and exhaled a long stream of smoke. "Just this one," he said. "It's like this urge I can't seem to control."

Matthias stroked Jase's back. "You're starting to remember slowly. It's a good sign, Jase."

Then Beth Anne pointed to the small white church not far from the gazebo. "Look over there," she said. In her excitement, she sounded even more nasal. The large woman in the yellow and white dress was climbing the front steps, heading into the church. "We should go ask her about this compound place you're all so worried about. I'll bet she would know. She looks like the type that knows everything in this town."

Jase took a long drag from the cigarette and said, "Couldn't hurt."

Matthias said to Luis, "She looks like a local. She'll probably know where it is."

Blaze just sat there on the cracked, peeling gazebo bench, with her hands in her pockets and her head pointed down. Hood was sitting next to her. He looked as if he was trying to figure out a way to cheer her up.

"She's a little peculiar," Luis said. "We've seen her twice and she never even looked at us. I'm not so sure. Maybe Jase is right and we should just drive around on our own. If we find the compound, fine. If we don't, then maybe it wasn't meant to be. I'm starting to feel as if I'm intruding on this town, and I hate that. I hate people thinking of me as the ugly tourist."

But Matthias didn't agree with Luis. He took two more deep drags from his cigarette, dropped it in the wet grass, and stomped on it. He turned and started walking toward the white church. "I'm going to find out if she knows anything. Feel free to join me if you want."

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Ten

Though Luis had a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach, he stepped down from the gazebo and said, "Wait for me."

Jase and Hood remained with Blaze and Beth Anne. Before Luis left, Jase said he thought it would be better if just two of them went to the church instead of all six. He said he didn't want the poor woman to feel as though she were being bombarded with tourists. Luis agreed with him, marveling at the way Jase managed to maintain his intrinsic common sense and his integrity even though he'd lost his memory.

Matthias opened the church door and set his hand on the small of Luis's back. He guided Luis inside and they walked up the center aisle between the pews. At a glance, it was an ordinary small town church, with white walls, wooden pews, stained glass windows, and a pulpit for the preacher. There was a large cross and two tall candelabra. But when Luis took a closer look at the images on the stained glass windows, he pressed his palm to his throat and stared. Almost every single window contained an image of something freakish and surreal. The images were intertwined with normal religious images and he had to look closely to see the weird images. In one, Luis saw a two-headed little girl carrying a basket of apples. In another, mixed in with a group of recognizable biblical figures, he saw a little boy with four eyes and half a nose. The window closest to the pulpit contained an image of a woman with no legs and no arms looking up at Jesus. The only window without something odd was over the altar. It was the image of a young blond boy looking up at the sky, with his palms pressed together and an angelic expression.

Luis reached for Matthias's arm and said, "I don't know anything about religion or the Bible. But do you see what's in these stained glass windows?"

Matthias glanced at the window with the two-headed little girl. "Maybe it's some kind of symbolic thing. I don't know much about religion either."

"Maybe we should leave," Luis said. "This feels so wrong."

But as he turned, the large woman in the yellow and white dress came out of a back room and said, "Can I help you boys?"

Luis stopped and faced her.

Matthias said, "We're hoping you can. You have a wonderful town here, and your church is amazing. It's absolutely beautiful, especially all these stained glass windows."

When Luis heard Matthias speak, he smiled and walked up to stand beside him. He'd been worried the woman would think they were rude and intruding on her church. But with Matthias's sweet, honest voice, he knew he didn't have anything to worry about anymore.

The woman clomped down three steps from the altar and walked up to greet them. She'd removed her shoes and her feet were bare. She extended her right hand to Matthias and said, "I'm Sister Sturmtrimmer. I don't know what I can do, but I'll try to help you as best I can. We don't have much of a congregation anymore, not for a very long time." She spoke in a pleasant singsong voice that trailed up at the end of every sentence. She looked them right in the eye, and smiled the entire time. In fact she smiled almost too much, and despite her friendly words, Luis had a feeling she wasn't thrilled to see them and couldn't wait until they left.

"It's nice to meet you, Sister Sturmtrimmer," Matthias said. "I'm Matthias and this is my friend, Luis. We're staying at an old cabin not far from town that belongs to a friend."

She shook Luis's hand and smiled. She had the softest, puffiest hand Luis had ever touched. A chill literally ran up his spine. Luis tried not to look at her shiny black hair for too long. It reminded him of a lacquered motorcycle helmet. When he thought about Pennsylvania Dutch women, he thought of the tasteful, simple women he knew from the market back home, wearing pale gray dresses and little white caps over mousy brown hair tied back in tight buns.

"It's nice to meet you both," Sister Sturmtrimmer said. She gave Matthias a second glance and thought for a moment. "You look familiar. I can't seem to place you."

Matthias shrugged. "I've never been here before in my life."

She smiled. "I suppose you're right." But she continued to look him up and down with her finger pressed to her lips.

"We're very interested in your local Pennsylvania Dutch culture," Matthias said. "And we were wondering if you could tell us where the Glatenfrissle compound is located so we can see it for ourselves."

She tossed her head back and clasped her puffy hands together. Then she laughed and said, "We're not the Pennsylvania Dutch you see and hear about all the time, not in this town. We're not Amish and we're not Mennonite. Our church was founded on reformation and change and we're nothing like what you've heard. We keep to ourselves. In fact, there aren't many of us left anymore. And I know nothing about a compound in this area and I've lived here all my life. We're just a quiet little community that's based around tolerance and diversity. And we like to keep it that way, small and quiet."

Luis heard a crash in the back room. Sister Sturmtrimmer turned, glanced over her shoulder, and frowned.

"I read about the Glatenfrissle compound on the Internet," Matthias said. "I'm certain I did. It's supposed to be right outside of town." He maintained an even, sincere tone.

She smiled. "There are a lot of old abandoned farms in these parts. That's probably what you read about. But I can assure you there's no compound of any significance around here."

Luis could see they weren't going to get anywhere with her, and for all he knew, she could be telling the truth. So he smiled and said, "It was nice talking with you. You've been very helpful."

"Ah well," Matthias said.

Luis grabbed his arm and said, "We should leave now. We've taken up enough of Sister Sturmtrimmer's time." Like most aggressive men, Luis had a feeling Matthias wanted to stand there and question the woman. But Luis wanted to get out of there. Then there was another crash in the back room and Luis squeezed Matthias's arm harder.

"It was nice talking with you," Sister Sturmtrimmer said, "Now if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to something important I was doing in the office."

When she was gone, Matthias put his hands on his hips and gazed down at the wooden floor. "She's lying. She's hiding something. I know it."

"I agree," Luis said. "But she's obviously not going to tell us anything. I'm starting to think it might be better if we just left these people alone."

They heard the sound of high-pitched laughter coming from the back office and Matthias set his jaw. "Well, I'm going back there to ask her a few more questions. I know I read about the compound and I know I'm not imagining this. I'm going to get to the bottom of this."

Luis rolled his eyes and followed Matthias down the aisle and up to the altar, praying Matthias would be nice to her. Luis wanted to leave, but he knew he couldn't stop Matthias. He was a lot like Jase in this respect: too much testosterone sometimes. If Jase wanted something badly enough, he would be willing to stop at nothing to get it.

But when Matthias opened the office door and they stood in the doorway and looked inside, Luis reached for Matthias's arm and held his breath. Sister Sturmtrimmer was sitting in a rocking chair, with her back facing them. Her yellow and white tent dress was up to her waist and her huge legs were spread as wide as they would go. On the wooden floor, in front of the rocking chair, they saw the creepy little guy they'd almost run over the first night they'd been there, the who had been sitting in the middle of the dark road doing absolutely nothing. His face was up between Sister Sturmtrimmer's dimpled legs and his head moved up and down, with his eyes closed and his crooked little hands braced against her soft white thighs. Luis knew it was the same little guy they'd almost run over, because the guy going to town between Sturmtrimmer's legs didn't have any feet, he wore the same shirt, and he had that bumpy mushroom-like skin condition all over one side of his face. It made Luis shudder when he thought about how easy it would be to pick his face piece by piece.

Luis stepped back and clenched his fists. Matthias closed the door very slowly so Sister Sturmtrimmer wouldn't know they'd seen her. Then he grabbed Luis by the arm and whispered, "Let's get the fuck out of here. There's something wrong with this whole fucking town."

By the time they reached the gazebo, Luis was out of breath and he was still clutching Matthias's arm. When Jase saw Luis, he jumped down three steps and ran over and put his arms around him. "What happened in there? You look like you've seen the devil."

Jase and Matthias helped Luis up to the gazebo. When he sat down next to Hood, Matthias went into a short version of what they'd just seen in the church office. Thankfully, he spared them the details. Luis's stomach was still turning after what he'd just seen, and he'd broken out in a cold sweat.

"Hey," Beth Anne said. "I want to go back and see this." She poked Blaze and laughed. "Let's go. We'll say we just went inside to say a fast prayer and light a candle."

"Oh no, you don't," Matthias said. "There's something strange going on around here and I'm not sure what it is. You just sit still and be a good girl. We're not letting you out of our sight. Besides, this isn't a Catholic church. There are no candles."

Beth Anne slumped back and folded her arms across her chest. "You get to have all the fun and I just sit here."

Matthias ignored her. He turned to Jase and asked, "Have you seen anyone walking up and down the street?"

Jase shook his head and frowned. "Not one single person. I haven't even seen a car drive down the main street. And no one has come out of any of the houses, either."

Matthias pulled out his cigarettes and lit up another. He offered one to Jase, but Luis reached for Jase's arm and said, "I think you've had enough smoking today." He was ready to fight to the finish on this one.

This time Jase smiled at Luis. Then he said, "I'm good, Matthias. Not right now."

The last thing Luis needed to worry about now was Jase taking up smoking again. He'd lose his mind for sure if that happened. His life was smoke-free and he wasn't about to pollute it because Jase had lost his memory.

"Hey," Beth Anne said. "Look over there." She pointed to the sidewalk, not far from where they'd parked. "There's a little girl on the corner. Let's go over and see if she knows where this fucking compound place is."

Matthias stepped on his cigarette and said, "Luis and I will go. You stay here. We don't want to frighten her."

Beth Anne sat back in a huff. "How would I frighten her?"

Everyone else looked in different directions, including Blaze.

Luis wondered how he'd gotten roped into going again with Matthias. Had he forgotten to mention to Matthias that he'd never been considered the bravest soul in the world? If anything, Luis had always avoided confrontation. He still had nightmares about the bear that had almost attacked him in Alaska last summer. Though he'd been to his share of psychics and he found the supernatural fascinating, he'd never been the type who would walk down the dark basement stairs to see where the unusual sounds were coming from. He'd call the cops, then run out of the house and down the road as fast as he could. Luis cared more about fashion, fine food, and good shoes. If there was a choice between a horror film and a tender romance, Luis would take the romance all the time. In fact, he craved happy endings so much he'd literally buried himself in Elena's romantic blog for the past seven years of his life.

But he followed Matthias anyway, almost running across the street trying to keep up with his large strides. At one point, he said, "Slow down, will you? She's not going anywhere and we're going to scare the poor little thing to death."

Luis was right. The little girl remained on the corner, holding something square and flat in her hands. Her head remained pointed down to the sidewalk. She didn't even flinch when they walked up to her and Matthias said, "Hey, look who we have here." He used his friendliest, upbeat voice. Almost too upbeat and fake for Luis's taste. Luis had never believed in talking down to children. He'd always spoken to his son, Hunter, as if speaking to an adult.

The little girl wore a faded pale cream dress with darker cream lace trim that was frayed at the edges. It looked so old that if Luis were to touch it the lace might crumble between his fingers. She had white anklet socks turned down once and scuffed-up black Mary Janes. The dress was long, four or five inches below her knees, and her blond hair had old-fashioned finger waves with a pink plastic barrette on the side where it was parted. Luis had seen what the little girls in Hunter's kindergarten class wore and they looked nothing like this kid. She reminded Luis of a character in an old 1930s movie.

"We were wondering if you could help us out," Matthias said, looking down at the little girl.

But she ignored them, with her eyes fixed on her shoes now.

"I think she's deaf," Luis said. "I don't think she can hear a word you're saying."

Then Luis gently reached for her shoulder and crouched down so he could look her in the eyes. She didn't jerk sideways or jump back. Her head moved slowly and she turned a blank gaze on Luis. When Luis saw she only had one blue eye and the other was just a blank white eyeball, he refrained from making any sudden movements. He pressed his palm to his chest and asked, "We were wondering if you can help us. Do you read lips?" He moved his mouth slowly.

She nodded. He didn't think she could speak. But at least she could see with one eye.

Luis sent her a warm smile. "We're visiting your nice little town and we're looking for a place called the Glatenfrissle compound. Have you ever heard of it?"

Her expression remained vacant. But she nodded and lifted the square flat thing she was holding in her hands. It looked like some kind of a small blackboard with a string and a piece of chalk attached to the end of the string.

Luis tapped the blackboard and said, "Can you tell us where the compound is? We'd be very grateful to you if you can write it down."

When the little girl lifted the black board and chalk and started to write, Luis noticed she only had three fingers and thumbs on each hand. A chill passed through Luis's body. As she wrote something on the blackboard, he looked up at Matthias and said, "She's the sweetest little thing I've ever seen. If she doesn't know, I'm not going to pressure her. She's just a baby, no more than six years old."

Matthias smiled and rubbed the back of Luis's head. "I agree. We don't pressure her. But I have to say I think you're the sweetest little thing I've ever seen, not her."

Luis knew the little girl couldn't hear them, but he pushed Matthias's leg and he said, "Not in front of the child. I don't want her to get the wrong idea. Someday she'll remember the two guys who stopped and asked her about the Glatenfrissle compound, and I want it to be a good memory, not a bad one that confused her. I doubt she knows anything about gay men."

When she finished writing, she lifted the blackboard and held it up for Luis. He squinted and read the poorly scribbled words, "Over there."

Luis looked at her and shrugged. "I don't understand. Over where?"

The little girl pointed to a pickup truck not far from the cafe. The two guys Luis and Jase had almost run over were sitting inside the truck sipping their coffee. Then she pointed to the blackboard and back to the truck once again.

Luis smiled. "Do you mean they know where the compound is? The guys in the truck can tell us how to find it?"

She nodded and pointed at the truck again.

Luis reached into his back pocket and pulled out a fifty-dollar bill. He had smaller bills, but she looked like she needed the money. He handed it to the little girl and said, "Thank you so much. You've been very helpful and we really appreciate it." He wanted to take her in his arms and hug her. He felt so bad for her his heart ached. But he just patted her shoulder and stood up. He turned to Matthias and said, "I think we should just go back to the cabin now. I'd rather not approach those guys about the compound. We asked them once and they said they knew nothing."

It started to rain again and Matthias put his arm around Luis and guided him back to the gazebo. "Maybe you're right. But we have to come back into town again tonight for dinner. If I see those guys again tonight I'm just going to ask if they know anything about the compound."

Luis rested his palm on Matthias's stomach very gently and rubbed it. For some reason, the most aggressive men turned to mush the minute he started to rub their stomachs. He could get a man to do anything for him faster by rubbing the man's stomach than rubbing the man's cock. He looked up at Matthias and said, "I wish you wouldn't. I hate the way those guys look at me. I'd like to get out of this town alive."

With Luis's hand on his stomach, Matthias grew calmer and more agreeable. He pulled Luis up against his side and kissed the top of his head. "You have nothing to worry about. Nothing will happen to you or Jase with me around. I always know exactly what I'm doing at all times."

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Eleven

"I think I'd rather just stay here and relax," Jase said. "You guys go on ahead without me. I'll be fine."

"Are you sure?" Luis asked. It was almost seven in the evening on Monday night and the rain had begun to fall in heavy sheets again. They'd all spent the afternoon in the cabin, including Beth Anne and Blaze, playing cards and taking naps. The rain had let up for a couple of hours and Matthias had gone out alone for a long hike because he said he wasn't tired. When he'd returned from his hike, he'd climbed in bed with Luis and Jase and put his arm around Luis in an affectionate way.

They didn't have sex. Luis told Matthias he wasn't in the mood, so they just slept. Now they were going back into town to have dinner at the cafe, and Luis wasn't comfortable about leaving Jase alone. They'd lost electricity sometime around five that afternoon and the only light in the cabin came from the fireplace.

But Jase didn't seem to mind. "I have a slight headache," he said. "And to be honest, I'd really like to just be alone and concentrate on remembering things." He hugged Luis tightly and kissed him on the lips. "I need some time to just be alone and think."

Luis glanced at Matthias. "Do you think it's safe for him to be alone?" Matthias was the doctor. Luis trusted his opinion.

Matthias looked Jase over. "Are the headaches severe? If they are, I want you to tell me."

"No, they aren't severe," Jase said. "It's nothing like that. I feel okay physically. I just need to be alone with my own thoughts. I have to remember."

Matthias looked into his eyes for a moment, then turned to Luis. "I think he'll be fine. I'll leave the keys to my car on the table near the door so he has a car while we're gone." He turned to Jase. "If you change your mind and you want to join us, please take my car."

"Thanks for the offer," Jase said as Matthias walked outside to start the car. "If I change my mind, I will. But I really just want some peace and quiet right now."

Luis kissed him. "You're sure? I can stay here with you."

"No," Jase said, "you go with the others. I'll be fine. Did I bring more comfortable clothes, Luis?" He was wearing the tight low-rise jeans he'd always said were uncomfortable.

Luis always packed for Jase. Even if Jase's memory had returned, Jase wouldn't have known what was in his own suitcase. "Yes. I packed a couple of pairs of sweatpants for you. They are in your suitcase, the black suitcase that looks like a doctor's bag. It's near the bathroom door." He figured Jase might not remember his own suitcase. Luis felt Beth Anne's eyes on his back. He knew she was starved and pushing to leave.

"I'll bring you back a burger," Luis said. "Do you want anything else?"

"A burger will be fine," Jase said. "I'm not that hungry."

"We'll be back in a couple of hours," Luis said. Then he kissed him goodbye.

When they closed the car doors and Matthias put on his seatbelt, Luis felt a tug in his stomach. "I'm not sure about leaving him alone."

Matthias said, "If Jase had serious head trauma he would have shown signs much earlier than this. I honestly think he wants to be alone and have a little peace and quiet. The guy's been through a traumatic event and he's very confused."

Luis clicked his seatbelt and sighed. "I suppose you're right."

"At least no one has to sit on the pumpkins in the back," Beth Anne said in her thin nasal voice. Then she leaned forward and rubbed Luis's shoulder. "He'll be okay. He's a tough guy. Let's go. I'm starved."

Luis reached around and placed his hand on top of hers. "Thanks, Beth Anne. I mean that. I just wish there was something I could do to get us out of here. If Jase could remember who he was I'm sure he'd know what to do. I've never felt so helpless in my life."

"This rain can't go on forever," Hood said. "We'll all be out of here before Thanksgiving and we'll be laughing about it before we know it."

Luis smiled. "I want to thank you all. If I'd been here alone with Jase I would have totally freaked out by now. I'm glad you all showed up the same time we did." He rested his palm on Matthias's arm. "I'm especially glad you were here."

"When we get back tonight, I'll give Jase a scalp massage," Blaze said. "I learned how to do them in beauty school and they are very relaxing. Maybe he's so stressed out it's keeping him from remembering things."

Luis turned and smiled at her. "I think that's a wonderful idea, Blaze. I might ask you for one myself. All this is really starting to get to me." Luis had been through a lot in his life, but he'd always been able to analyze a situation, come to a conclusion, and move forward with a plan. Now he was stuck in limbo, not knowing when or how he'd get out of this place. If only Jase could remember, he'd know what to do.

When they arrived at the cafe, it was completely empty except for the Sheltenfester brothers, Micky and Macky. Luis didn't even see the woman from the church, or the older couple. After they ate, Matthias paid and they headed back out to the Tahoe. When Hood asked Beth Anne why she wasn't spending the night again with the Sheltenfester brothers again, she told everyone she'd had enough of them. "Big dicks are great, especially two at a time, but when there's nothing upstairs but marbles, it gets tired fast," she said.

On the way to the Tahoe, Luis noticed the pickup truck with the two guys they'd seen earlier that day. The guys were parked at the curb, only a few feet in front of the Tahoe. Matthias grabbed Luis by the sleeve and said, "Look over there. Those are the guys the little girl said knew where the Glatenfrissle compound was. I'm going over to ask them."

Luis couldn't understand Matthias's obsession with the compound. At that point, Luis could have lived without seeing it. He just wanted to get back to Jase and feed him something.

Beth Anne heard this. She walked over to Luis and Matthias and said, "I'll ask them. I've been dying to meet those two since I saw them this morning. Leave it to me."

Before Matthias had a chance to stop her, she squared her back, flung her purse over her shoulder, and marched up to the driver's side of the pickup truck. Luis and the rest of them couldn't hear exactly what she was saying. They could hear her voice and they could see what she was doing, but it was hard to make out a cohesive sentence.

When she laughed with the two guys and tossed her head around, Luis and Matthias exchanged glances. She seemed to be having fun with them, which Luis thought was a good sign that maybe the guys weren't as sinister as they looked. She even leaned into the driver's side window for a moment and pointed at something Luis couldn't make out. But when Beth Anne stood up straight again and lifted her T-shirt to expose her tits to them, Luis almost fell over sideways. She even moved around so her tits would jiggle.

"What the fuck is she doing?" Hood asked. He'd been leaning against the fender of the Tahoe.

Blaze stood next to Hood, watching Beth Anne talk to the guys. Blaze laughed and said, "If I know her, she's wrapping them around her little finger and getting exactly what she wants."

"I just hope she doesn't get us all killed," Luis said.

Matthias set his palm on the small of Luis's back and said, "I think she knows what she's doing. Beth Anne is no amateur. If she thought they were trouble, she'd back off."

However, when Beth Anne returned, shrugged at Luis. "I don't know how you do it, sweetie, but you've got something going on that drives the guys crazy."

Luis furrowed his eyebrows. "Huh?"

"What are you talking about, Beth Anne?" Matthias asked.

Beth Anne smiled and poked Luis in the chest in a playful way. "They said they'd lead us out to the compound and show us exactly where the compound is-under one condition."

Luis tilted his head sideways. "What's that? What does it have to do with me?"

Beth Anne laughed louder and said, "As long as you get into the truck with them. All they wanted to talk about was Luis."

Luis blinked. "They want me in the truck with them?"

"They told me that we could follow them out to the compound," she said. "But only if you ride up in the truck with them."

Matthias frowned. "I don't know about this. Maybe I should go have a talk with them and straighten this out. I don't like the idea of Luis going anywhere with them." He sounded protective, almost possessive.

"They seem like nice guys," Beth Anne said. "They promised me nothing would happen. They're just fascinated with Luis and they want to get to know him better. They said they've seen him in magazines and they want to get to know him better."

Matthias put his arm around Luis and looked down at him. "I didn't know you were that famous."

Luis shrugged. "I'm not. Sometimes people recognize me from different photo shoots." He was actually more famous for marrying the Virgin Billionaire, but he'd learned how to deal with that a while ago.

Hood stood up and ran his palm through his hair. He glanced at the two guys in the truck and back at Luis and Jase. "This is up to you, Luis."

"We will be right behind them," Matthias said.

Luis knew Matthias really wanted to see the compound, even though it was dark out now. And Luis was flattered when people recognized him from magazines. It didn't happen often. More often than not, people recognized him but could never place where they'd seen him. Or they recognized him because he was with Jase. At least it had stopped raining and the sky looked like it was finally beginning to clear. He saw a few stars and the air felt less heavy than it had earlier that afternoon. "I want to go talk to them first," Luis said. "If I feel safe, I don't mind riding with them."

"I'll go with you," Matthias said. "I want to make sure it's safe, too. I'm dying to see this place, but not at Luis's expense. And Jase would never forgive me if I let anything happen to Luis." He put both arms around Luis and hugged him. "I'd never forgive myself."

Beth Anne shook her head. "I wouldn't do that, Matthias."

"Why?"

"They told me they only wanted Luis, not the big tall one," Beth Anne said. She pointed at Matthias. "There were talking about you, dude."

"Who the fuck do they think they are?" Matthias asked. He clenched his fists and braced for battle.

Luis rested his palm on Matthias's stomach again and rubbed it up and down slowly. "Calm down," he said. Matthias could be so sweet, but he had such a hot temper. Luis had to admit he did feel very safe when Matthias was around. "I'll just go over and talk to them. If I get a bad feeling, I'll just come right back. Besides, I'd like to give Jase a little longer on his own. We've only been gone an hour and a half."

"Don't worry, honey," Beth Anne said. "They are harmless. I know men, especially stupid men. These guys wouldn't hurt a fly."

Hood walked over to Luis and reached for his arms. "Are you sure about this, man?"

"I'm fine," Luis said. He really was fine, too. Besides, he wanted to see the compound himself.

While Luis went to the driver's side to talk to the two guys, the other four remained outside, watching every move he made. Luis tapped the driver's door and looked inside. The guy with the black leather was sitting behind the wheel, drumming the dashboard with his fingers. The guy with the lighter hair and the goatee rested back in his seat. Their legs were spread so wide it didn't look as though there was much room in the middle of the seat for Luis to sit between them. "Beth Anne said you guys were willing to show us where the Glatenfrissle compound was."

The guy with the black leather reached over with his right hand and said, "I'm Buck, and this here is my buddy, Dallas."

Luis shook Buck's hand, then leaned forward to shake the other guy's hand. "I'm Luis," he said. "It's nice to meet you." Buck and Dallas. The names of these people made him want to roll his eyes.

Buck looked Luis up and down and said, "We're big fans of yours. We've seen all those underwear magazines you've been in. At first, we weren't so sure. I told Dallas it was you when you almost ran us down, but he didn't think so. Then I got out my magazines from under the mattress and showed him and he saw it really was you, in the freaking flesh."

"Well," Luis said. "Thank you very much. I'm glad you liked them." He hadn't done an underwear shoot in a long time. But the underwear company he'd modeled for had been recycling his image for the past two years. It was one of those catalogues that just kept changing the format, not the actual content. Their product line rarely changed and it was cheaper for them to do this, and Luis was paid royalties each time his photo was released again...his agency had worked out a special deal just for him. They were the most provocative photo shoots Luis had ever done. He wasn't nude, but he'd modeled thongs and mesh bikinis. He didn't want to think about why the magazines were under this guy's mattress.

Dallas said, "We'd be happy to take you there. Just hop in and tell your friends back there to follow us. It's not that far."

Luis hesitated for a moment. They seemed friendly enough, and they were fans of his work. So he lifted his arm and waved at everyone standing in front of the Tahoe. "Follow us. It's not far." Then he walked around to the passenger side of the truck and opened the door.

Dallas leaned back and said, "Climb over me. You can sit in the middle."

Luis thought he'd be on the end. Now he wasn't so sure about all this. But when he glanced around and saw that everyone was inside the Tahoe and the headlights were on, he didn't want to let them down. And he was afraid he might get Buck and Dallas angry if he changed his mind, which he didn't want to do. So he lifted his leg and jumped into the truck. But when he tried to lift his leg over Dallas's legs, he lost his footing and fell face first into Buck's lap.

Buck laughed and spread his legs wider. Dallas grabbed Luis's ass and squeezed it a few times. Luis was wearing the black sweatpants and no underwear. When they'd lost electricity at the cabin Luis had decided to stay dressed the way he was. When Dallas discovered Luis wasn't wearing underwear, he pulled down the back of Luis's sweatpants and squeezed him harder.

Luis sat up fast and situated himself between them. His pants were still down below his waist and his face felt flush. But before he had a chance to tell them he wanted to get out and go back to his friends, Dallas slammed the door and Buck hit the gas.

At least Luis knew Matthias and the others were following. He looked back and saw the headlights. But when Luis turned, Dallas pulled Luis's sweatpants down to his knees and grabbed him by the waist. Luis tried to fight back, and told them to stop. But Dallas, laughing so hard he almost choked, was too strong for Luis to resist. Dallas wound up lifting Luis up and setting Luis on his lap. No matter how hard Luis tried to break free, Dallas's hands were everywhere. He groped Luis's ass, he groped between Luis's legs, and he ran his big hands up Luis's black sweatshirt and groped Luis's chest. It wasn't long before Luis's pants were down around his ankles and his sweatshirt was up over his shoulders.

When Buck saw that Luis was practically naked, sitting on Dallas's lap, he started punching the steering wheel and shouting, "Fuck, yeah," over and over again. Then he reached over with his right hand and started grabbing Luis's naked body. "Looks just as good as the magazines."

Luis tried to stop them. He kept repeating, "Let me go, guys. I'm serious. Let me go, you fools. You never said anything about this. You lied to me just to get me in here with you." Then he fell into Dallas's chest and started laughing so hard he couldn't catch his breath. The problem was that they weren't hurting him. They weren't putting him in danger and they weren't serious about what they were doing. When they groped him, they tickled him on purpose in a playful way. They were, in fact, forcing him to do what they wanted. But it wasn't being done in a mean way that would cause Luis any harm. Some gay men, Luis knew all too well, would have paid escorts thousands of dollars for a scene like this. Luis knew they were joking around and he knew he wasn't in any danger. If he had been in danger they would have ditched his friends, pulled into the woods, and raped him by then. These guys were far stronger than he was and they could have overpowered him easily. They were just a couple of simple-minded country boys having a little fun with him. The more they tickled him, the more he laughed.

"Damn, you've got one sweet little ass," Buck said as he wiggled his fingers between Luis's legs. "Just as purty as it is in your pictures."

Luis started to cough; he couldn't stop laughing. He caught his breath and said, "Guys, please stop. You're killing me."

Buck said to Dallas, "I think he likes it. Take his shirt off all the way."

"No. Seriously, guys. Please don't." Luis's pants had fallen off his ankles and they were somewhere on the floor. Without his shirt, he'd be wearing nothing but black running shoes. He hadn't even bothered with socks that night.

But Dallas pulled the sweatshirt over Luis's head and tossed it onto the floor. "I'm gonna turn him over and spank him."

"You guys are fools," Luis said, trying hard to stop laughing. The only time Jase had ever spanked him had been that one birthday. It was just something they'd never been into in bed.

"Fuck yeah," Buck said. "Turn him over so I can spank that ass myself."

When they turned him over, they didn't spank him hard. They took turns patting and squeezing. Luis continued to resist them. His face was between Dallas's legs and he felt Dallas's erection poking through his jeans. But the more he tried to resist, the more they tickled and spanked him.

It reached a point where Luis just lifted his arms and said, "I give up. I can't take anymore." He was still on his stomach and Buck had a handful of his ass. "Are we almost there?" Luis's biggest fear was that they'd want him to start blowing them, and he didn't want it to go that far.

"Are you gonna be good?" Buck said. "Or are we gonna have to keep spanking you?"

Dallas reached down and squeezed Luis's leg. "Are you gonna come up here and sit on my lap and put your arm around me and play nice?"

At that point, Luis figured it was safer to just play along with them than fight them. From what he could see, they only wanted to play around. They didn't actually want to have sex with him. They weren't even talking dirty. So he lifted his voice and said, "If you both promise to be good boys, I'll sit on your lap and put my arm around you."

"Take off your shoes," Buck said.

Luis rolled his eyes. But he removed his black sneakers and said, "Okay, I'm not wearing anything. Will you boys be good now?"

Dallas rubbed his hands together and said, "Okay, we'll be good."

Luis slowly rose to his knees and turned around. He settled between Dallas's legs and put his arm around Dallas's shoulders. "Can I put on my clothes now?" Luis asked in his softest voice, rubbing Dallas's hairy chest with gentle strokes. His hand went down Dallas's shirt and he rubbed Dallas's stomach, hoping it would calm him down the same way it had calmed Matthias down earlier.

"Not yet," Dallas said. "Just sit here for a minute and keep doing what you're doing. I like the way you're touching me. Then you have to go sit on my buddy's lap for a few minutes and do the same thing to him."

Luis didn't have much of a choice. So he continued to rub Dallas's stomach until Dallas told him to go sit on Buck's lap. He didn't like the idea of sitting on Buck's lap while Buck was driving. He wished he was wearing a seat belt. At least Luis didn't have to worry about getting an erection. Normally, if he'd been naked between two good-looking men-and even though they weren't very bright, they were hot as hell-he might have had a harder time controlling himself. But under the circumstances, the last thing on Luis's mind was becoming aroused.

The inside of the truck grew quiet. When Luis caressed Buck's stomach, Dallas parted Luis's legs a little and moved toward the middle of the seat. Luis felt a lump in his throat. He was certain Dallas was ready to go down on him right there in the truck and he didn't know what to do about it. But Dallas simply gazed down between Luis's legs and continued to fondle the bottom of his ass. A few minutes later, Dallas sat back and said, "You can get dressed now. We're almost there."

Luis blinked. Then he quickly climbed off Buck's lap and put on his clothes. By the time they stopped, Luis was dressed and he noticed the Tahoe had pulled up right behind them. He'd been turned around and spanked so many times he'd lost track of his friends. He wasn't sure whether or not Matthias had been able to keep up. Buck had been driving fast and they'd gone down some bumpy, winding roads. Luis didn't know where he was.

Buck set the truck in park and said, "You're a real nice guy. And you're just as purty in person as you are in your pictures."

"I had fun," Dallas said. He reached down and tried to slide his hand down Luis's pants one more time. "You sure are a sweet thing."

But before Dallas had a chance to do much more, Matthias knocked on the driver's door and poked his head through the open window. He looked at Luis first and asked, "Everything okay in here?"

Dallas pulled his hand away from Luis's pants.

Luis gulped. "Everything's fine." He just wanted to get out of the truck and get back with his friends.

"You sure?" Matthias said.

"I'm sure. Buck and Dallas are nice guys."

Buck gestured toward the windshield with his right hand and said, "There you are. That's the Glatenfrissle compound."

Luis leaned forward. All he saw were two tall iron gates attached to a tall iron fence. Beyond that, there was nothing but thick, dark brush.

"Is there any way to get inside?" Matthias asked. His tone hadn't lightened up yet. He was still glaring at them.

Buck and Dallas exchanged glances. Then Buck said, "I think we're gonna head on out. Dallas, open the door so he can get out now. We've gone far enough. We told you we'd show you where it is, and we're out of here. There's nothing in that old place we need to see."

Luis wondered why they turned somber so quickly. One minute they were laughing and smiling and the next they were almost brooding. But he didn't wait around to ask. He climbed over Dallas, got out of the truck, and walked over to stand beside Matthias.

Buck winked at Luis and said, "Thanks, baby. We had fun." Then he turned the truck around, honked the horn twice, and sped down the road.

When they were gone, Matthias put his arm around Luis and asked, "Are sure you're okay?"

Luis exhaled and said, "I'm fine."

"What the fuck was going on inside that truck?" Matthias asked. "I almost lost you more times than I can count. They were driving like madmen. All we could see was you bouncing around between them. And it looked as if you weren't dressed. I was afraid we'd find you dead in a ditch somewhere."

Luis shrugged and said, "You wouldn't believe me if I told you. I still don't believe it. But I really am fine. They are absolutely harmless." In the future, Luis would forget what happened with Buck and Dallas. They could have forced him to do anything; they could have fucked his brains out and he would have been helpless. But all they wanted to do was pull down his pants and horse around with him. It would be one of the most peculiar experiences of his life, and an experience with which he'd go to his grave.

Hood, Beth Anne, and Blaze walked over to them. Hood looked up at the tall iron gates and frowned. "Well, I guess this is about all we're going to see of the compound."

Matthias removed his arm from Luis and he walked up to the gates. He jiggled a thick chain that was wrapped around the gates to keep them secure and one of the rusted chain links cracked in half. Matthias looked back at them and said, "Let's go inside and see what's there. We came this far, we might as well."

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Twelve

Hood and Matthias tried to open the iron gates but the chain wouldn't come off completely. So both guys managed to spread them apart enough so that everyone could squeeze through where the gates met in the center. Then they managed to pass to the other side themselves. Hood caught his pant leg on one of the iron scrolls. It didn't cut him, but the only way for him to break free was to take off his pants and leave them hooked to the fence. Good thing he was wearing dark gray wearing boxer shorts that night. In the darkness, it looked as if he were wearing loose running shorts instead of underwear.

When Matthias laughed and said he and Luis should remove their pants so Hood wouldn't feel awkward being the only guy in his underwear, Luis shrugged and admitted he already wasn't wearing underwear. Beth Anne screamed and laughed. She dared Luis to walk around with his pants off. Blaze rolled her eyes and gazed up at the tall trees looming over them, as if she wasn't interested in seeing Luis with his pants off. Hood actually got a little rowdy and tried to pull Luis's sweatpants down. Luis grabbed his waistband and held tightly. His pants had been off enough that night. But Blaze had nothing to worry about. Luis told Beth Anne she could stop laughing. Luis had no intention of trespassing on private property, stark naked from the waist down.

The long dirt road that led them back to the main house on the compound grew narrower with each step they took. Matthias had thought ahead and brought along two flashlights. Though the rain had stopped and the sky was now clear, the road was still soggy and there were muddy patches everywhere they stepped. As a runner, Luis didn't mind it. He'd run in all kinds of weather, from deep snow to the worst rainstorms. He'd grown used to it and he'd learned how to navigate the roughest terrain in Alaska without having to look down constantly. But Beth Anne and Blaze kept falling and tripping. At one point Beth Anne actually kicked Matthias in the ass and said, "This is shit for the fucking birds. I want to go back."

Blaze, now covered in mud from the knees down, said, "I agree."

But Matthias said, "We've come this far. We may as well just check it out."

At one point, Luis missed a rock in the middle of the road. Hood was walking behind him, and he reached out with both arms and caught Luis before he fell right into a large, muddy puddle. It wouldn't have been the first time Luis had fallen. He'd gone down many times as a runner and he knew how to fall without hurting himself. But it was nice to have Hood catch him just in time so he wouldn't be covered in mud. Only he could have lived without Hood sliding his hand down his pants when the others weren't looking. The others were a few feet ahead, walking with Matthias. And they didn't hear Hood say, "I'm so fucking horny right now I could bend you over a tree stump."

Luis rolled his eyes. "You're only horny because you're in your underwear. Maybe later, when we go back to the cabin and Jase is there." He was hoping Jase would remember more about his past by the time they returned. He was counting on it, so Jase could figure out a way for them to get out of this mess and home in time for Thanksgiving. If they didn't get home in time, it would devastate everyone.

Hood grabbed Luis's hand and shoved it between his legs. Luis's eyes opened wider when he felt Hood's erection busting through his boxer shorts. Luis laughed and stroked Hood a few times, then said, "You'd better calm down and start thinking about something else." He stroked him again. "This is obscene, you pervert. And it's not going to happen."

When Luis and Hood caught up with the others, they reached a point in the road where they could see the main house on the compound. From what Luis saw, it was a classic, two-story white farmhouse that had a steep roof, a wraparound porch, no shutters, and a large red barn to the right. It looked amazingly well kept, too. Luis had been expecting to see a dilapidated old wreck of a house, with broken windows and holes in the roof.

Beth Anne pointed to a small sign in the road that read, "Carousel," in faded red script. The sign had an arrow that pointed toward a narrower road on the right. "Hey, I want to see the carousel. Let's go down this road first."

Luis wasn't fond of the dark road they were on now. A chill passed through his body when he thought about going down the smaller road.

Hood said, "It's too dark. There's probably nothing down there anyway. It's been years since anyone's been here."

Beth Anne stomped her right foot. She grabbed Blaze by the arm. "I want to see it. If you guys won't come with us, we'll just go by ourselves."

Blaze's eyes opened wider, as if she wanted to think that through a little more.

"Why do you always have to be such a pain in the ass, Beth Anne?" Hood asked. He was gesturing with his hands. Luis noticed he'd lost his erection, thankfully. "There's nothing down that road. It's a waste of time and I'm not going."

"Why do you guys always get to make the rules?" she said. She stomped her foot again and folded her arms. "And you don't know for sure there's nothing down there. I want to see at least one fun thing this week, for a change."

"You already saw two big fun things with Micky and Macky Sheltenfester," Hood said. "Wasn't that enough fun for you?"

Beth Anne walked up to Hood and got right in his face. She glared at him and shouted, "Fuck you, asshole. I'm not talking about dick."

"No, fuck you, Beth Anne." He went right back at her, shoulder to shoulder.

Matthias ran his palm through his hair. He turned to Hood and said, "Look, I'll take them down the road a little and we'll see if there's anything there. You and Luis go up to the house and wait for us there."

Hood, who seemed willing to do anything to shut Beth Anne up by then, took one of the flashlights from Blaze and waited with Luis until the others disappeared down the narrow dirt path. When they were out of sight, Hood put his arm around Luis and said, "I hope they don't get lost. This place is starting to freak me out a little."

Luis wished he hadn't said that. He was counting on Hood to be the strong one, now that Matthias was gone. "Let's go up to the house and see what's there, then let's get the hell back to the car." Luis believed in the supernatural. He believed in ghosts, vampires, werewolves, zombies, and witches. He even believed in fairies sometimes. When his mind started racing with these thoughts, he couldn't think straight.

On the way to the house, Hood kept his arm around Luis. This time Luis didn't pull away from him. Luis even put his arm around Hood's waist and leaned into his side. When they'd first started out, it had seemed so exciting. But now that they were in the woods, far from where they'd parked, and every sound and movement made the short hairs on the back of Luis's neck stand up. He wished Beth Anne hadn't wanted to separate. They should have stuck together.

When they reached the front porch of the old white farmhouse, Luis glanced up at the front door and said, "It's very well kept for an abandoned house." Everything was painted white: the siding, the trim, and the entire porch. Even the rocking chairs and benches were white. Though they hadn't been freshly painted, and it was very dark, Luis looked hard and he didn't see a chip, crack, or flaw anywhere in sight. "I hope no one's living here. I'd be mortified."

A bird flew out of a branch and Luis jumped into Hood's arms. The sudden sound had caught him off guard and he moved with instinct. He wished Jase was there, or Cory and Gage. Though Luis and Gage were identical on the outside, Gage was far more aggressive than Luis, and wasn't afraid of anything. Gage, with his streetwise attitude, would have clenched his fists and squared his shoulders, hoping for trouble.

Hood put his arms around Luis and rested his hands on the small of Luis's back. "Calm down," he said. "It was just a bird. Let's go up and sit down on a bench while we're waiting for them to return." He took Luis by the hand, led him up the porch stairs, and guided him to a bench for two next to the front door.

Luis noticed the front door of the house was ajar. He almost suggested they go inside and check the house out, but then decided it was best to wait for Matthias and the girls to return.

Hood sat down first. He spread his legs and pulled Luis down on his lap before Luis had a chance to refuse. Luis tried to get up. "Let go of me. I don't want to sit on your lap." He knew if he sat on Hood's lap Hood would become aroused again, and Luis didn't want to tease him or lead him on. But more than that, Luis wasn't aroused himself. He was too worried about getting caught trespassing, or running into a Pennsylvania Dutch ghost, to care about sex.

Hood held Luis tightly and refused to let him get up. "Just sit on my lap for a minute or two," he said. Then he slid his hand down Luis's pants again.

Luis took a deep breath and sighed. He knew that no matter how hard he tried, Hood was stronger and he'd never break free. "I'm not in the mood and you know I'd never do anything without Jase. Please stop. I'm serious. You're starting to freak me out now more than this fucked-up place."

When Hood heard Luis's serious tone, he pulled his hand out of Luis's pants and reached for Luis's hand. "I'm sorry. I was just joking around. I really didn't see how frightened you are."

Luis slid off Hood's lap and sat beside him on the bench. But he didn't release Hood's hand. He held it tighter and said, "I know you were joking. It's okay. You're a really nice guy, too. I'm just trying not to freak out now. I want to go back to the car. Let's go wait for them in the road. I've had enough excitement for one night." He'd lost track of time. He knew Jase must have been wondering where they all were by now.

Hood put his arm around Luis and pulled him closer. "We can't do that. Matthias would never forgive me. He's been talking about coming here for a long time."

"I didn't know that," Luis said. "I thought he just found out about the compound like I did, by accident."

Hood laughed. "No. He's been talking about this place for a while now. I can't remember when it started. But he's almost obsessed with it. He'd kill me if we left now."

Luis leaned into Hood's side and rested his head on his shoulder. "I guess we can stay. But not for long." He felt safer now that Hood had stopped groping him. But he still wished either Jase, Gage, or Cory was there.

"Don't worry," Hood said. "We'll be fine. This place is completely empty and I don't happen to believe in ghosts or anything supernatural."

"I wish I could say the same."

They sat quietly this way for a few minutes, and then Hood sighed out loud.

When he did this, Luis's head was on Hood's shoulder. "What's wrong? Did you hear something?" Luis had heard a million frightening noises by then, one of which was a distant howl that could have been a werewolf. He hadn't said anything because he didn't want Hood to think he was a big idiot. But, as his mother in Tennessee used to say, he was ready to take a running fit and head back to the car alone.

Hood laughed. "No, it's not that."

"What is it?"

"I'm sitting in the dark, with one of the hottest, sweetest guys I've ever met. I'm in my underwear and my arm is around the guy. There's no one around. We're totally alone. And I have an erection that could break plate glass. I just sighed because I'm a little frustrated."

Luis sat up. "I'm sorry," he said. "I'll go sit on another chair. I just feel so much safer next to you, with you holding me. But if it's going to make you that frustrated, I'll sit alone." Luis looked down between Hood's legs. Hood wasn't joking. His dick was so hard it was sticking out of the right leg of his boxer shorts, resting on his hairy leg, pointing at his knee.

But when Luis stood up to leave, Hood grabbed his shirt and pulled him back down on the bench. "No, don't go. I'll be okay. I'll just punch something really hard and think about terrible things."

"Just don't punch me," Luis said.

Hood kissed his temple and said, "I'd never do that. You're too sweet. I'll punch a tree trunk instead."

Luis laughed. "You know what always helps me when I'm trying not to think about sex?"

"What?"

"I think about naked women," Luis said.

Hood laughed and fake-punched Luis in the leg. "But I'm bisexual. Naked women get me even more aroused. I freaking love naked women, especially with big tits. The bigger the tits, the better. But I have to admit that's very cute you think that way. It's so adorable I'm even hornier now."

"Then think about this: Rosie O'Donnell naked on a fur rug, with her ass high in the air, legs spread as wide as they can go," Luis said.

Hood winced and cleared his throat.

But it worked. In less then five minutes, Hood's dick went soft and the last thing on his mind was sex.

After that, they remained on the bench until they heard a crackling sound coming from row of yews just beyond the front porch. Hood sat up and grabbed the flashlight. Luis pressed his palm to his throat and waited. When Hood turned the flashlight on and pointed to the path, Matthias appeared. He lifted his arms and hands as if he were surrendering.

Luis sighed with relief. Matthias would take care of everything. He was almost as strong and brave as Jase, Cory, or Gage.

"Where are the girls?" Hood asked. He stood up and adjusted the front of his boxer shorts.

Matthias climbed up the steps two at a time, and said, "They decided to wait at the car. They didn't feel like coming, so I came alone."

Luis stood up. "What was down that road? Was there really a carousel?" Though he hadn't been willing to go down the dark road, he did love carousels. He walked up to Matthias and hugged him. "I'm so glad to see you. I've been shaking since you left." Then he kissed Matthias on the cheek and hugged him again.

Hood frowned. "You weren't exactly alone, Luis," he said, with a dejected tone. "I was here, too. Remember me? I'm Hood."

Luis reached for Matthias's hand and said, "I'm sorry, Hood. I didn't mean it that way." He glanced up at Matthias. "It's just that Matthias is so tall and strong."

Hood rolled his eyes and scratched his dick, as if he wanted to kick Luis right in the ass.

Luis smiled at Matthias. "Did you see the carousel?"

"It wasn't very impressive," Matthias said. "It was just a few broken-down old carousel horses and a few dilapidated old buildings. That's why the girls decided to go back to the car. Beth Anne was disappointed and said she'd seen enough."

This didn't sound like Beth Anne to Luis. She seemed like the type who didn't want to miss anything, especially not an abandoned old house. But he figured Matthias knew her better than he did and it was none of his business.

"Let's go inside, check the place out, and get moving," Hood said. "This place is fucking creepy."

Matthias laughed and punched Hood in the arm. "This place is harmless, man," he said. "C'mon, let's go inside."

The front door was ajar, so they didn't have to work too hard to get inside. Matthias went in first, and then Hood and Luis followed him. Luis remained close to Hood this time, and he held his hand through the entire first floor of the house. Nothing was as Luis had imagined it would be, at least not for an abandoned old compound. When the guys moved the flashlights around, it seemed nicely furnished and far too orderly. It had a musty smell, but nothing too offensive. There weren't many cobwebs as there should have been. When Luis mentioned how strange it was to see everything in such good condition, Matthias shrugged and said, "Maybe someone maintains it."

Luis held on to Hood's hand and didn't let go. If someone maintained the house, there was a good possibility they could get caught there and wind up in big trouble. And with the fact that Luis was married to Jase Nicholas, the headlines in the tabloids would be brutal. Or worse, someone might think they were prowlers and they could get shot and no one would ever know it. Jase couldn't remember anything now, and he'd never find out what happened. A million thoughts raced through Luis's head.

There was nothing of great interest on the first floor. As they walked up the main staircase, each old board creaked. Matthias remained in the lead, poking his head into bedrooms that looked as if they hadn't been used in years, and made innocent little comments about old pieces of furniture that caught his eye.

At the end of the upstairs hall, one door was closed. Luis and Hood followed Matthias to this door and waited for him to open it. He had to jiggle the handle a few times. The door seemed to be stuck from all the humidity thanks to the constant rain. When he finally managed to open it, he stepped aside and told them to go in first.

Luis held Hood's hand. They walked into the room and Hood moved the flashlight around. This room was larger than the others, and it was filled with framed photos that Luis couldn't make out in the dark. Each table top, dresser top, and windowsill had a group of photos in frames that ranged in sizes. For a moment, Luis thought he'd entered someone's personal space and he felt a tug in his stomach. He turned to Matthias and said, "This doesn't feel right. Someone's obviously taking care of this place and we shouldn't be here. I feel terrible."

Matthias didn't answer. He slammed the door hard and turned the lock. Then he walked over to a tall dresser and started lighting candles without saying a word. As he lit each candle, Luis and Hood looked at each other, wondering what he was doing. When he lit the last candle on the mantel over the fireplace, and the room was almost completely lit with an amber glow, Luis took a good look around and held his palm to his throat.

The room was so perfect it reminded Luis of a room in a photo shoot he'd once done for an outerwear company in the Adirondacks. The furniture was tasteful early American, with a Shaker influence and a hint of craftsman design. There were handmade hook rugs, exquisite handmade quilts, and simple white curtains that had been trimmed with off-white ball fringe and tied back with white rope. There was a group of old-fashioned dolls on a wooden trunk at the foot of the four-poster bed. Luis released Hood's hand and walked over to the windowsill near the bed. He glanced down at the photos and gasped. Each photo contained the image of a person who had some kind of an abnormality. And, if there was such a thing, they were not typical abnormalities. There were two-headed children and women with humongous ears that hung to their shoulders. In one larger photo beside a small photo of a boy with no ears, there were two good-looking men joined at the hip holding walking sticks in each hand. When Luis looked up and turned to face the far wall at the back end of the room, he saw his own photos. They were everywhere he looked.

With his mouth wide open, Luis walked closer and looked at them. There were photos of Luis in a skimpy bathing suit-almost see-through-that he'd done on a shoot on Long Island a year ago. There were photos of him wearing formal tuxedos, photos of him wearing boxer shorts and black work boots, and photos of him wearing preppy sweaters and jeans on a sailboat. The entire wall, top to bottom, was covered with Luis's professional model image.

It made Luis's heart race faster and his head begin to spin. He didn't even have any solo photos of himself where he lived. He'd never trusted people who put up their own photos. Most of the photos hanging in Luis's homes were of family and Hunter. If Luis was in a photo, it was with Jase and Hunter.

Luis turned and gaped at Matthias. Matthias was standing next to the door with his hands in his pockets. He was smiling and rocking back and forth on his feet. "How do you like it?" Matthias asked with an odd grin that caused chills to run up Luis's back. "I did it all for you. I wanted you to feel right at home here."

"I don't understand," Luis said. A million thoughts passed through his mind, and none of them calmed his racing heart. He turned to see what Hood was doing. "What is this?"

Hood said, "I don't have a clue." He flung Matthias a look. "You're freaking me out, man. What the fuck? Is this some kind of a joke? I feel like I'm in the middle of a bad dream."

Luis turned toward the wall that was covered with his professional photos. When he looked in the corner and saw the white boots he'd been wearing the first night he'd arrived in town, on the floor next to the vinyl outfit that was resting on a slipper rocker, he gasped and reached for window frame. "What are those boots and that outfit doing here?" Was this some kind of sick joke these guys were playing on him?

Hood walked over to Luis and put his arm around him. "I have no idea what's going on." He glanced back at Matthias. "I think it's time we leave."

But as Hood tried to lead Luis out of the room, Matthias blocked the doorway and held up an old skeleton key. He waved the key back and forth and laughed. "No one's going anywhere. I have my best friend and my sweet little Luis just where I want them."

"Man, what the fuck are you talking about?" Hood asked. "Get out of my way."

Luis heard a tremble in Hood's voice. He knew Hood was just as surprised as he was. "Matthias, I want to leave," Luis said. "Open the door and let us out."

Matthias slipped the key into his pocket and laughed again. Then he pointed to the white high-heeled boots and the kinky vinyl outfit in the corner of the room and said, "Go over there and put them on. You're not going anywhere."

Luis's face felt warm. He grew dizzy and his throat was getting tighter. "Not without Jase. You know I'm not doing anything with you alone."

Matthias's jaw began to quiver. His eyebrows furrowed and he pointed to the kinky outfit a second time. "Fuck Jase," he said. "I'm sick to death of hearing about fucking Jase. You'll do what I tell you to do from now on." Then he pulled a gun out of his pocket and pointed it at Luis and Hood. "Put them on right now."

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Thirteen

After Luis stripped down in front of both Matthias and Hood, he put on the kinky white vinyl outfit and the white high-heeled boots. He made a face upon realizing they were still damp inside. Matthias stood next to the door watching every move Luis made, licking his lips and rubbing his crotch with his free hand. He held the gun with the other hand and glanced at Hood occasionally, as if to make sure Hood wouldn't make any sudden moves.

Luis wanted to sink into the floor and disappear. He wondered what had happened to the competent young doctor he'd thought Matthias was, and wondered when Matthias had snapped and lost touch with reality. When Luis put the ridiculous costume on and zipped up the boots, a wave of chagrin enveloped him. Though Luis had always been a sexual person and he'd done a few things with men most people might have frowned upon, he'd never been in a situation where he'd felt such a sense of degradation and shame. This was even more embarrassing than the time his twin bother, Gage, had pretended to be Luis and slept with their neighbor, Ted.

Luis glanced over at Hood and pleaded for help with his eyes. Hood was standing next to the bedpost, terrified to move as Matthias pointed the gun at his head. Hood glanced at Luis with furrowed eyebrows and clenched his fists, as if he wanted to do something but knew he didn't dare move a muscle.

"That's nice," Matthias said. He checked to be sure the door was locked and walked over to where Luis was standing. He kept the gun pointed at Hood the entire time and said, "Don't do anything you'll regret, Hood. You're not a hero. You never were. That's why I chose you to be here and start a new life with us. I know you'll listen to me. You always do. I know I can control you."

"I don't understand why you're doing this," Hood said. "We're friends, buddy. Let's sit down and talk about all this. Let's get out of this creepy old place and go back to the cabin."

Matthias laughed. "This is my home," he said. "I was born here, right in this very house, in this room." He walked up to Luis and circled him. "You look nice, just the way I always pictured you'd look in this bedroom. Spread your legs a little and arch your back for me like a bad boy."

Luis hesitated. "Can't we talk first, Matthias?" He figured he might be able to talk some sense into Matthias. Matthias had seemed so together when they'd first met. He'd seemed like a man anyone could trust.

Matthias grabbed Luis's ass and Luis jumped. "I said, spread your legs and arch your back for me." His voice went an octave lower this time. His eyes bulged.

Luis, terrified to say or do the wrong thing, spread his legs and arched his back. When Matthias began to grope Luis's exposed flesh, Luis closed his eyes and inhaled. He had a feeling he knew what was coming next.

Matthias removed his hand from Luis's body and said, "Walk around the room for me like a model. I want to watch you move around. Wiggle that hot ass."

Luis glanced at Hood and rolled his eyes. Hood sent Luis a quick nod, letting Luis know he should do whatever Matthias told him to do.

While Luis was walking around, with the high heels clicking against the hardwood floor, Hood turned to Matthias and said, "I've known you for a while, buddy. You never told me this was your home. Whenever I asked you about your past, you closed up and never told me anything. You said your mother and father were dead and you had no living relatives. I never even knew you had a home." He spoke with a quiet, friendly tone, but with a hint of loss, like someone who has been betrayed by someone they once trusted completely.

Matthias laughed. "What was I going to tell you? That I was born in a farmhouse and that I'm one of the last remaining members of a group of religious zealots who were so strict they started practicing inbreeding just to keep the blood lines pure? Have you seen the freaks in this town? I'm one of them. Should I have told you my mother and father were brother and sister, and that their mothers and fathers were brothers and sisters? Should I have told you my mother had arms half the size of normal arms and six fingers on each hand? Should I have told you my father had two heads and two dicks and that most of my ancestors were mutants who didn't live longer than ten years old?" Matthias laughed. "I don't think that would have gone over very well."

Hood frowned. "You could have told me. I would have understood and I wouldn't have judged you. I thought we were friends."

"Ha! That's what they all say, especially when they see I'm perfectly normal. When I was born I was considered the miracle they'd all been waiting for at the Glatenfrissle compound. There was no one normal left by then. Those that were left were lunatics not even fit for a sideshow. With me, they thought they'd be able to rejuvenate the blood lines and keep the religion going. They thought there was hope for the future. So they sent me away from here and raised me in New York with an older couple who were fascinated with all of us-creepy old people who smelled like wine vinegar and lived in a big old building with gargoyles and griffins. My parents didn't live long. The old couple sent me to private schools and taught me everything there was to know about my heritage so I'd one day be able to come back and begin where the rest left off. They pounded it into my head. The old couple was very wealthy and they maintained the compound for years without ever coming here. They even managed to set it up so that things would be maintained after their deaths, and that I'd receive money from a trust fund for the rest of my life. The deed to this compound is actually in my name."

Matthias was talking fast, and none of it made sense to Luis. He'd been lying all along to everyone so they'd think he was just as clueless about the compound as they were. He known where the compound was and he'd been planning this. "I don't understand what I have to do with it," Luis said. "Why would you have photos of me all over the wall? I'm from Tennessee. I was raised a strict Baptist. But I'm not religious at all about anything anymore." Luis's parents had been bible carrying fanatics themselves. Luis knew the effects overly religious, fanatical parents could have on their children, especially gay children.

Matthias laughed. "They all thought I was the normal one. They thought I would be the one who would keep them all going. But it turned out I wasn't normal at all. And when the older couple caught me in bed with a guy when I was sixteen years old, they sent me to one of those places where they try to cure gay people. They called it Gay Reformation."

Luis stared at him. "So you're not really bisexual at all. You're really gay and you're pretending to be bisexual." So much for bisexuality. Maybe Hood really was bisexual. But Luis had his doubts at this point.

"I've been with men and women," Matthias said. "I can take or leave both. But when I saw you in a magazine for the first time, Luis, I knew I had to find you. You're everything I've ever wanted, my dream. You're a man, yet you're soft and sweet at the same time. I couldn't stop thinking about you. I started coming down here early last summer all alone so I could get this bedroom ready for you. I wanted you to like it and feel at home here for when I finally met you in person. With you by my side, I can continue the tradition and rebuild this place. That's one of the reasons why I went to medical school."

This made no sense to Luis. Matthias had lost his mind. "But how did you know I'd be here this particular week? If it hadn't been for Jase's employee, I never would have come down here to the cabin." Luis couldn't even remember the employee's name half the time. And he was so new in Jase's organization Jase probably didn't know much about him either. Luis shouldn't have let Jase make these plans. He should have double checked before he'd agreed to come here.

"That was pure luck," Matthias said. "When I found out you and Jase were a couple, I started following Jase's every move. I got to know Jase's newest employee, Barton, and Barton's wife, La Shaneeka. Barton's family has had that old cabin for years, which was the lucky part. I couldn't have planned it better myself, and I knew it was destiny. But I did plan everything else. I knew you were coming down here this week. La Shaneeka never told me we could come. I lied about that just to get to you."

Hood clenched his fists again. "And you brought me along, with Beth Anne and Blaze?" His face turned red and the veins in his neck started to bulge. "We thought we'd been invited. Why did you bring us?" He turned to Luis. "We had no idea."

Matthias smiled and shrugged his shoulders. "I couldn't just show up alone. It would have looked too suspicious. I had to make it look real, as if it had all been an accident-a bunch of friends hanging out in a cabin."

"Where are the girls?" Hood asked. "What did you do with them?"

Luis had been wondering this, too. But he'd been terrified to ask.

"Don't worry about them," Matthias said. "I've taken care of them already."

Luis suddenly thought about Jase. "Did you hurt Jase? Is that why he can't remember anything?" Luis tightened his lips and glared at Matthias. A surge of strength passed through his body. "I swear I'll kill you if you hurt him."

"Oh, relax," Matthias said. "I have no idea what happened to Jase or his memory. That really was an accident, too. I couldn't have planned that one better if I'd tried."

At least he hadn't hurt Jase yet. Luis felt a little relieved to know this. But he had to figure out a way to reach Matthias. There had to be a glimmer of sanity left. The guy had obviously lost his mind and didn't know what he was doing. Even his convoluted plan to live there with Luis and Hood didn't make any sense. He seemed to be depending on luck more than reality. In a way, Luis actually felt bad for him. Luis had thought of him as being so strong and capable and pragmatic. "Can't we sit down and talk about this, Matthias? You haven't done anything wrong yet." I hope not, anyway, Luis said to himself, thinking of Beth Anne and Blaze. "You have so much to look forward to. You have a future. You've worked hard in medical school. Give me the gun and let's go back to the cabin. We'll figure something out. You have to know this is wrong. Let us help you."

"There's nothing to figure out," Matthias shouted, and Luis jumped. "I've always known I had to come home, and now I'm here. But I wanted you here with me. It's the only way I can do this. I need you, Luis. Do you remember the stained glass window in the church?"

Luis thought for a moment, then nodded. His heart raced and his mouth went dry.

"The perfect little boy with light blond hair in the center window was me," Matthias said. "I'm the chosen one. I'm the one who had to come back and restore the compound for future generations. The old people told me this."

"But Matthias, there's no one left," Hood said. "I don't even think the people in town care anymore. How can you restore something that went away so long ago?"

"Are you kidding me? There are still a few of us left in town who care. You've seen them yourself," Matthias said. "The woman in the church doesn't know it yet, but I'm the one she's been waiting for all these years. I just have to let them know and I'll get them to follow me."

All this was getting crazier by the minute. Even if there was some logic to what Matthias was saying, it wasn't realistic. Luis had seen a small town stippled with unfortunate, downtrodden people. He'd seen poverty that was worse than what he'd known in Tennessee. But the people in that town didn't seem to give a damn about this compound anymore. If anything, they were terrified of it and wouldn't even talk about it. "Let's sit down and talk, Matthias," Luis said. He reached out with both hands. "Give me the gun."

"Listen to Luis, Matthias," Hood said. "We're your friends. We're not going to hurt you, man. We'll make this right. I promise."

Matthias ignored them. He pointed the gun at Hood and said, "Take off your clothes. I want to watch you fuck Luis in that outfit for a while."

"No," Luis said. "Don't do this, please."

"Take off your clothes or I'll get rid of you right now, Hood," Matthias said.

That was when it dawned on Luis that Matthias was probably going to kill Jase. He'd probably already killed Beth Anne and Blaze.

Hood glanced in Luis's direction and sent him an apologetic shrug. Then he removed his clothes and turned to face Matthias.

"That's nice," Matthias said. "A nice big strong guy like you will make Luis very happy. Not as happy as I can make him. But I want to watch Luis in action with you first. Then I'll take my turn on him." He pointed the gun at Luis and said, "Get over there and bend over in front of him. I want to watch him fuck you while you're standing up. Lift your right leg up and rest it on the bed. You're going to like this."

Luis gulped. He knew Hood didn't want to do this any more than he did. But there didn't seem to be any other choice. So he walked to where Hood was standing, stood in front of him, and slowly leaned forward until his hips were aligned with Hood's pelvis. When he lifted his right leg and rested it on the bed, he backed into Hood and spread his legs a little wider.

Matthias wet his lips and walked up to them. He smacked Luis's ass, then reached down to grab Hood's cock. But when Matthias went to take Hood in his hand, Hood lunged to the right and pounced on top of Matthias. The move happened so fast Luis almost fell to the floor. Luis stepped back and looked down at the two men struggling on the hook rug below him. He watched Hood grab Matthias's hand and he saw the gun sail to the other side of the room. Luis ran to get the gun-as fast as he could in high-heeled boots. He figured this was their only chance. Jase had taught him how to use a gun in Alaska. But when he bent down to get it he heard a loud crash near the bedroom door. A second after that, he heard a gun go off.

When Luis turned, holding Matthias's gun, ready to use it, he saw Jase standing on top of the bedroom door and there were two men in uniforms on either side of him. They looked like real cops. Jase had busted through the door and now he was pointing a gun at Matthias.

The man in uniform on Jase's right said, "Stand back. We'll take care of it from here. We don't want anyone getting hurt."

Jase refused to move. He stood still, braced to shoot, holding a small gun with both hands, and said, "I'm not moving a muscle. I'm not taking any chances. I'll cover you guys. I know how to use a gun. I'm from Alaska."

When Luis made a move toward Jase and said, "Jase, listen to them," Matthias grabbed one of Luis's high heels and pulled Luis down to the floor.

Matthias wrapped his arm around Luis's waist, kicked Hood out of the way, and slid back up against the wall at the far end of the room beneath the scandalous photo collage of Luis. Luis tried to break free from Matthias, kicking and struggling. But Matthias was far too strong to fight. Luis tried to toss the gun away, but Matthias pulled the gun out of Luis's hand and held the gun to Luis's head. It all happened so fast Luis's head began to pound with fear.

The cops leaned forward and braced to shoot.

But Jase blinked. He shook his head and said, "No. Don't shoot yet. He'll kill Luis. Just wait, please." Then he glanced over at Luis and said, "Just be calm. It's okay. I remember everything now. I won't let anyone hurt you. You're my life."

Though Luis was in the arms of a madman, with a gun pointed at his temple, he felt safer now that he knew Jase had regained his memory. "Jase, I love you. Don't do anything you'll regret. You have to think about Hunter. He needs his father." Luis wasn't afraid to die, but the thought of living without Jase was more than he could handle. And the thought of Hunter losing Jase caused a pain in his stomach that made him nauseous. Hunter needed Jase more than he needed Luis.

Matthias held Luis tighter and said, "We're getting up slowly." He glared at Jase and the cops. "Don't try anything stupid or I'll shoot him."

Luis slowly went up with Matthias. Luis couldn't predict Matthias's next move. Hood was still naked on the floor near the bed and Jase and the cops were still ready to shoot.

When Luis and Matthias were standing, Matthias caressed the side of Luis's face with the end of the gun and said, "This isn't what I had planned for you. I wanted it to be so much nicer. I hope you can forgive me. This isn't the way it was supposed to end. If only Jase hadn't shown up. He ruined everything for us. We could have been so happy. I would have taken such good care of you." Then, with one quick, unexpected shove, Matthias tossed Luis across the room and Luis landed on top of Hood, on the floor next to the bed.

Luis thought that was the end. He heard a gunshot and a wave of panic rushed through his body. He buried his face in Hood's neck. Then, for a moment, everything went blank.

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Fourteen

When Luis opened his eyes, he had a sinking feeling in his stomach. He was on top of Hood, in the same place where Matthias had tossed him a minute earlier. His heart pounded in his ears and his legs felt numb.

"Are you okay?" Hood asked. His arms were around Luis, and he held him so tightly Luis couldn't move.

Luis nodded. "I think so. Are you?"

"I think so."

Luis hesitated for a second. He was afraid to get up and look around. He heard the cops talking but he didn't hear Jase's voice.

Then Luis felt a pair of strong familiar hands on his shoulders. He glanced up and saw Jase looking down at him. He tried to get up on his own but one of the heels got caught on the hook rug and he stumbled. All he wanted to do was put his arms around Jase and hold him.

Jase reached under Luis's arms and pulled him up. He grabbed Luis, held him close, and didn't say a word for the next few minutes.

While Jase cradled him, Luis buried his face in Jase's chest and cried so hard his entire body shook. Jase caressed his back and repeated, "It's okay. We're going to be fine. It's all over now. I remember everything."

When Luis stopped shaking, Jase walked him over to the bed and they sat down. Jase removed his shirt and put it around Luis's shoulders and held him close to his side.

"What happened?" Luis asked. "Where's Matthias?"

"Matthias shot himself and I think he's dead. The police will take care of it. Don't look over there at the wall."

"Oh God, Jase." Even though Luis knew Matthias could have killed them all, he still couldn't help feeling sorry for Matthias. "Where's Hood?"

"I'm right here, buddy," Hood said. He was sitting on the bed on the other side of Jase, trying to catch his breath.

Luis sighed. "No one got hurt? The police are okay, too?"

"No one got hurt," Jase said. "When he threw you on the floor, he shot himself in the head. It happened so fast no one could stop him."

Luis's head went up. He turned to face Jase. "How did you know I was here at the compound?"

"I woke up from a nap and no one had returned from dinner yet," Jase said. "I was feeling better because I'd remembered an invention I've been working on and thought I'd join everyone in town. So I went to my suitcase to get my sweatpants and I opened Matthias's suitcase by mistake. There was a gun inside, and the bag was also filled with photos of you. He'd pasted his own image to some of the photos to make it look like he was standing next to you. At first, I didn't understand. It didn't make sense. Then I found photos of this farmhouse and a scrapbook Matthias had been keeping that contained information about the Glatenfrissle compound. He'd been collecting information about the compound for a long time. I knew there was something wrong. I knew I had to find you, so I drove into town in Matthias's car and found the police. I had a feeling you were all out here. They took me out here and cut the chain on the gates."

Hood leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees. "I can't believe I never saw this coming. I knew Matthias was going away alone on weekends, but he'd never tell me where. I thought he had a secret lover and it was none of my business. He must have been coming down here all along." Hood turned to Jase. "I wonder what he did with Beth Anne and Blaze."

Luis felt a tug in his stomach. He'd been thinking the worst.

Jase said, "They're fine. They are downstairs in the backseat of the police car. The police ordered them to wait there. On the way in here, we found them tied up in the Tahoe near the gate. Beth Anne wasn't too happy about any of this. But Matthias didn't harm them."

"I wonder what he would have done if you hadn't come along," Luis said.

"I'd rather not think about it," Jase said. "He was so far gone it's anyone's guess. He didn't know what he was doing, which is obviously why he killed himself."

"And you remember everything?" Luis asked Jase. He still wasn't clear about this.

Jase took a deep breath and rubbed his eyes. "I didn't at first. It started to come back to me when I woke up from the nap and remembered my new invention. I was still having flashbacks all the way over here with the police. It wasn't until I saw you in Matthias's arms, with Matthias holding the gun to your head, when everything started coming together. When I realized the magnitude of what was happening, and that I was so close to losing you, everything came rushing back at once. I was so overwhelmed I almost passed out cold. It felt like a jolt in my head, as if I'd been struck by lightning. But I knew I had to stop him. If he'd hurt you I would have never be able to live with myself."

"Do you remember what happened the first night we arrived when you first lost your memory?" Luis asked.

Jase thought for a moment. He held his jaw and concentrated so hard his face turned red. "I went out to the barn for wood. I remember tripping over a rock or something. When I woke up I couldn't remember a thing."

Thoughts of what might have been raced through Luis's head. If Jase had not fallen and lost his memory, Matthias might have killed Jase just to get him out of the way. The fact that Jase couldn't remember anything left Jase in a weakened state. It gave Matthias a sense of power and authority he normally wouldn't have had. In other words, Matthias didn't feel threatened, which gave him a false sense of security. It might have been the luckiest fall Jase had ever taken. But Luis only said, "I'm glad you remember everything. And when we get back home, I'm making an appointment for you to see a doctor." His lifted his hand before Jase could respond. "I'm not joking around. You're seeing a doctor and you're getting a check-up. Life's too short and we're not taking any chances anymore. If you refuse to do it, you're going to freak me out more than what happened here today."

Jase laughed. "If it means that much to you, I'll see a doctor. But I feel fine, never better."

If the police were shocked by the way Jase and Luis behaved as openly gay men, they didn't make it obvious. They remained professional, didn't comment once, and said they couldn't get an ambulance there to take the body away because the main roads into town were still closed. There had been so much rain and flooding a small bridge had washed out and they weren't certain how long it would be before anyone could leave town. The police said they were going to treat this as a suicide and not as a criminal case, and Jase, Luis, and the others had nothing to worry about.

Jase thanked them and said he'd prefer to keep this out of the news if at all possible. He told them he didn't want his family to know about it because they'd been through a lot that year. The police didn't see any reason to make a big thing out of it as long as Jase was willing to keep it quiet. Matthias had been a deeply disturbed young man and he'd killed himself before he'd caused anyone serious harm. There was no reason to bring a quiet little town that was filled with peculiar, unfortunate people more problems than they already had. The police knew who Jase Nicholas was by then, and although they treated Jase with respect, the last thing they needed were tabloids showing up looking for dirt on the Virgin Billionaire from Alaska in their quiet little town.

While the police took Jase downstairs to ask him a few more questions, Luis and Hood dressed and joined them a minute later. When Luis went downstairs, Jase was still talking to the police near the front door. So Luis rolled up the white boots and the vinyl outfit and threw them into a paper bag he found in the kitchen. He vowed when he returned to the cabin he was going to burn the bag and the clothes in the fireplace. He never wanted to look at that outfit again.

The police drove them all to the end of the road and released them at the gate. For small-town police, they were very open-minded and friendly. They said they'd call Jase if they needed anything else but that they were sure they'd covered everything. The cramped ride between the farmhouse and where they'd left the Tahoe outside the gate of the Glatenfrissle compound was awkward and silent. Beth Anne had been so quiet Luis was afraid she'd lost her voice. And Blaze sat there with her hands folded on her lap and her body shoved up against the back door, hunched over, staring down at her knees.

Jase drove the Tahoe back to the cabin. Luis sat in the front seat and Hood sat in the back with the girls. Everyone remained silent most of the way, until Beth Anne sighed and said, "Hey, how long do we have to stay in this shit hole town? I want to go home. I can't take one more night here. I'll swim the fucking creek if I have to."

Luis had been wondering the same thing. He was ready to swim the creek, too. But he'd been so grateful they'd all come out of this nightmare alive he didn't want to say anything aloud. He was still to busy counting his blessings to complain.

"I'd like to get out of here, too," Hood said. "But the police said they weren't sure how long it would take. The creeks and rivers have to recede before anyone can get in or out of town."

Jase laughed. "We'll be home in our own beds by this time tomorrow night."

Luis turned fast. "What are you talking about?"

"While you guys were getting dressed, I talked to the police. I asked them to call my attorney in New York. I told them to tell my attorney I want a helicopter down here as soon as possible. Then I made a huge donation to the local police fund that's going to help out a lot of people in this little town. They haven't been able to afford new police and emergency vehicles in ten years, which is ridiculous. I've never seen a small town lacking so much of the basics. The police said there's an open field next to the town hall. We'll gather our things at the cabin and get over there as fast as we can. The helicopter might even be there before we are."

Luis smiled. It wouldn't have occurred to him to call for a helicopter. He would have wound up waiting in the cabin until the roads cleared. "I love you more and more each day," he told Jase.

Jase shrugged. "I love you, too, baby. And I kind of like this little town. I know that sounds crazy, considering what just happened. But there's something about it that's decent. I know the people are a little weird. But who isn't a little weird? I know I am. I think we might even be coming back here again someday under better circumstances. I see a lot of potential here and I'd like to help these people. I'm going to have a long talk with Barton when I get back to work. If his family is from here, and they've had that cabin all these years, he must know more about it."

Luis rolled his eyes at that comment. He'd have to think about coming back.

Beth Anne said, "Well, I'm not coming back here ever again. Are you nuts?" Though she'd said she was sorry about Matthias, she didn't seem too broken up over him, which tugged a little at Luis's heart. He hated to see a talented young man ruin, then end his life. If only Luis could have done something to change Matthias's mind before he shot himself.

"I wish you'd known Matthias like I knew him," Hood said. There were tears in his eyes and his voice was filled with sorrow. He seemed genuinely shaken.

Luis turned around. He could see Hood was grieving for his friend. "We know he wasn't in his right mind, Hood. We're not judging him." Then he reached back between the seats and set his palm on top of Hood's hand.

"Thanks," Hood said. "That means a lot to me. We weren't in love or anything. It wasn't like that. But we were good friends. I just can't believe I didn't see there were such serious problems. Now that I look back, I should have seen the signs. I should have helped him."

"His problems went deeper than that," Jase said. "And you did the best you could. I think he knew that. I think that's why he killed himself. He could have done a lot more harm."

Luis sat back in his seat and closed his eyes. He was glad he hadn't actually seen Matthias shoot himself. An image like that would last a lifetime. "If you guys aren't doing anything this Thanksgiving, we'd like you to join us for dinner. We're having a huge crowd this year and you're all welcome to come. The more, the merrier." This wasn't the first time Luis had met people under unusual circumstances, and he knew it wouldn't be the last. With all he had to be thankful for this year, three more people at the table would only make Thanksgiving more worthwhile.

Luis could see that Jase agreed with him. He wondered what Jase was thinking about now that his memory had returned. Jase was looking at the road and driving with both hands, but he was smiling for no apparent reason.

[Back to Table of Contents]

* * *

Chapter Fifteen

When the helicopter landed at the airport in Philadelphia, Jase rented a large Town Car and drove everyone into center city. Jase offered to get them all rooms at one of the best hotels in the city. Jase and Luis had decided to spend the night in Philadelphia at a hotel because it was so late. They didn't want to frighten Hunter and everyone else by pulling up to Cider Mill Farm in the middle of the night, earlier than they'd planned. After all, they weren't supposed to be home until Wednesday.

They'd agreed to keep what had happened at the Glatenfrissle compound to themselves. When Jase called home from the airport, they explained to Isabelle they hadn't been able to call until now because they'd had trouble getting phone reception. She sounded relieved, and said she'd been trying to call them for days and was starting to worry. Cory and Gage were ready to go out looking for them. It had been pouring rain at Cider Mill Farm, too. Jase told Isabelle they'd had a nice time and they'd be home sometime the next morning, a day earlier than they'd planned because of the rain.

Beth Anne and Blaze declined Jase's offer to spend the night in a hotel. They shared a small apartment near the University of Pennsylvania and Beth Anne said all she wanted to do was go home and sleep in her own bed with the covers pulled up over her head. Hood said basically the same thing. Hood had shared a small apartment in Rittenhouse Square with Matthias, and he said he wanted to go home and sleep for the next twenty-four hours. Luis asked Hood if he was okay to go home and face the fact that Matthias was gone and he was now living alone, especially after the way Matthias had died. Jase offered Hood a hotel room one more time. But Hood thanked them both and said he'd rather be in his own apartment, sleeping in his own bed.

When Luis and Jase dropped them all off, they gave them directions to Cider Mill Farm and invited them to Thanksgiving dinner one more time. Beth Anne and Blaze said they had family obligations, but they'd think about driving up to Bucks County for dessert later in the evening. Hood said he was spending Thanksgiving with his family in northern New Jersey and said he'd think about stopping by on his way back to Philadelphia Thanksgiving night.

When Jase and Luis were finally in their clean, comfortable suite at the Palomar, they took a long, hot bubble bath together in the sunken tub. The bathroom was lit only by a few candles Luis had packed in his suitcase for the cabin and a dim light from out in the main room. Luis rested back against Jase's chest and Jase held him gently. They didn't speak much. They were both too tired to do anything but enjoy the peace and quiet. They remained this way until Luis finally yawned and said, "Let's go to bed."

The love they made that night had nothing to do with kinky outfits, high-heeled boots, or explicit dirty talk. Luis considered this their own generic brand of lovemaking, and he cherished each moment with Jase whenever they made love this way. It was how they made love when they were busy working and there wasn't much time to think too much about doing it. It was how they made love when neither one of them was particularly interested in experimenting in bed. And it was how they made love when they both knew nothing else in the world could top what they already had together.

When they came out of the bathroom, Luis spread a clean towel down on the expensive white bedspread so he wouldn't harm it. Jase went over to the desk near a tall window and glanced at his e-mails. Luis spread the large bath towel out evenly, so it would be set perfectly in the middle of the bed. When he was finished, he climbed up on the bed naked, turned around, and rested his back against the soft white towel.

Without saying a word, Jase put down his phone and walked to the bed. His sandy blond hair was still wet and messy and he was almost fully erect by then. Luis sent him a smile and reached out with both arms. Jase returned the smile and climbed up on the bed. There were no candles burning now; Luis was too tired to move them from the bathroom to the bedroom. But the dim light next to the bed was still lit and the city lights glistened through the uncovered window. It was almost as good as candlelight.

When Jase climbed up on the bed, Luis spread his legs and Jase crawled between them. Then Luis lifted his legs slightly higher and bent them at the knee. Jase rested one hand on the bed and guided his dick into Luis's body with the other. There was no need for lubricant; Luis knew how to take Jase without it. He preferred it this way, without apology, in spite of the fact that most people would never understand this. All Jase had to do was insert the head and slide into Luis very slowly. Then he'd remain like this, as deep inside as he could go, until Luis had completely adjusted to him.

While they waited, with Jase deep inside him, Luis lifted his arms and rested both hands on Jase's strong shoulders. He caressed the back of Jase's damp head. He pulled Jase's lips to his and they kissed for a few minutes. When they stopped kissing, Luis nodded and said, "I'm ready." Then Jase braced both hands on the mattress and started moving in and out of Luis's body very slowly.

Neither of them spoke a word. Luis's hands remained on Jase's shoulders, caressing and squeezing Jase's muscles. Luis enjoyed this position more than any other because he could watch Jase's expression and see Jase's body in action. As Jase moved faster, sliding in and out of Luis with an even beat, Luis closed his eyes and held Jase's shoulders tighter. Luis never knew how long they would remain like this. It all depended on Jase and what Jase was feeling. For Luis it was always simple: the minute Jase entered him his climax began to build. For Luis, it could have taken two minutes or two hours. He'd always been perfectly content to wait for Jase no matter how long it took.

Luis could predict each move Jase was about to make. First, Jase's face would turn red and his eyebrows would furrow. Next, he'd start to perspire around his temples and a drop or two would fall on Luis's cheek. And Jase would always grunt softly a few times. The grunt was Luis's signal. Luis waited for it each time they did this, the same way he waited for everything he'd come to love about his life with Jase. The predictability of their lives as a married couple soothed something deep in Luis's soul that was better than anything he'd ever dreamed when he'd been single and alone. At one time, Luis thought he'd wanted excitement and outrageous sex; he'd been wrong. At one time, Luis thought he'd wanted money and power; he'd been so wrong. All he'd ever wanted was to be in the arms of the man he loved.

Most people would have thought what they were doing was mundane. Some would have laughed at them both and called them another boring, lifeless couple lacking spontaneity. But for Luis, this ability to predict Jase's every move was what made his life worthwhile.

When Jase finally grunted, Luis looked into his eyes and nodded. Then Jase pulled out fast and went to the end of the bed. When he was sitting at the end of the bed, he spread his legs, leaned back on his elbows, and waited for Luis without saying a word. Luis didn't waste a second. He crawled to where Jase sat, leaned over, and took Jase in his mouth. He sucked in his cheeks and his head moved up and down. In less than two minutes, Jase grunted one last time.

They remained this way for another minute or two, while Jase went flaccid against Luis's tongue and Luis finished himself off with his right hand. A few minutes after that, they kissed, hugged, and said "I love you." And Luis knew this was more than enough for them both, for a good night's sleep and for the rest of their lives.

On Tuesday morning, they took a shower together and dressed quickly. They'd slept later than usual and Luis wanted to get back to Cider Mill Farm so he could start getting Thanksgiving dinner ready with Isabelle. When they drove down the long easement road that led to Cider Mill Farm and pulled into the driveway in the new black Town Car a day early, Cory and Gage were outside splitting firewood. At first, Cory and Gage exchanged glances, wondering who had just pulled up in the strange car. Cory had always been ready to defend their privacy and his lips remained pinched.

When Cory saw Jase get out, he put down the ax and asked, "What happened to the loaner car you had?" When it came to small details, Cory was like this.

Luis climbed out and Jase sent him a look over the hood of the car. Luis turned to Cory and said, "We had a problem with it. Jase will have it sent back to the dealer. We rented this one to get us home." Luis smiled at Jase. "It wasn't anything serious."

Then Isabelle and Hunter came running out of the house, with Camp not far behind them. Isabelle sure could move for a woman in her nineties. She was wearing her hot pink sweatsuit and her green and white running shoes. Hunter was wearing the new plaid jacket Luis had picked up for him in New York. The weather had turned colder that night and it was definitely time for heavier jackets.

Luis and Jase met them halfway to the house, not far from where Cory and Gage were splitting firewood. They hugged Isabelle and Hunter, before Luis turned to Cory and Gage. He hugged Cory and patted his back. But he grabbed twin his brother, threw his arms around him, and said, "I'm so glad to be home with everyone I love." Even when Gage tried to pull away from him because Gage hated showing open affection, Luis refused to let go. Luis kissed Gage on the lips and said, "You have to stop being so closed up. It's not good for you." After what had happened at the Glatenfrissle compound, the only thing Luis wanted to do was show his loved ones as much affection as he could.

Gage turned back to the firewood, his face bright red. But Luis could see that he was smiling and that his twin brother liked some of the attention. Back at the Glatenfrissle compound, when Matthias had been pointing the gun to his head, Luis had feared he'd never see his family, and he vowed he'd never take any of them for granted again.

The next day, the Wednesday before Thanksgiving, Jase's mother, Mary Nicholas, and Isabelle's new boyfriend, Preston, arrived from Alaska just in time for dinner. By the time Luis was ready to pour the coffee and serve the wet bottom shoo-fly pie and Pennsylvania Dutch spice cookies, Rob and Rand arrived at Cider Mill Farm and knocked on the back door. They hadn't seen Rob and Rand since the previous summer. Everyone jumped up from the kitchen table and ran to the back door to greet them. Camp ran around in circles, barking nonstop, and threw himself into their legs. Though Rob and Rand were trying to secure teaching positions in Alaska so they could move up there full time, they were still living in California in a small conservative town where they couldn't come out of the closet and be openly gay. The expressions on their faces when they saw Jase and Luis again showed signs of relief that would have been difficult for Luis to put into words on Elena's blog. But Luis knew he would try.

Thanksgiving dinner turned out to be more difficult than Luis had expected it would be. Mary and Isabelle helped Luis, and Gage and Cory did the best they could. But it seemed to take forever to get the damn turkey cooked and they wound up sitting down at the dining room table at six instead of four like Luis had planned. Everyone arrived on time and they had an early cocktail hour. Josh and Roland came with Hillary and Justin. The Reverend von Klingensmith came with Ted Barker. Even Ben and Percy showed up and Luis was shocked to learn that Rob and Rand had actually met Ben and Percy at a campground somewhere out west about a year earlier. Here they'd all been friends and never even knew it. Luis smiled.The world could be such a wonderful, exciting place, and it was filled with so many nice people crossing paths all the time.

The entire house filled with laughter and everyone fought to speak over everyone else. And the delayed dinnertime turned out to be the best thing that could have happened that day. While Luis was clearing the dinner plates and getting the table ready for coffee and pie, he almost dropped the stack of dishes he was holding when he heard, "Hey, are we too late for dessert?" at the back door.

Jase and Luis looked at each other and smiled. The only person they knew with a voice that nasal and high-pitched had to be Beth Anne. Luis carried the plates to the sink and Jase went to the back door. When Luis turned, he saw Beth Anne was with Blaze and Hood. Beth Anne and Blaze said they had driven up to Bucks County together. Hood said he had arrived there at the same time they did, on his way home to Philadelphia from northern New Jersey. Hood had his hands in his pockets and he seemed shy about coming in.

Luis set the dirty plates in the sink and wiped his hands. He crossed to the back door and hugged them all. He kissed Hood on the lips when no one was looking and massaged the back of his neck a few times. "I'm so glad you all came. I was afraid you wouldn't." The world was turning into an even better place to be. Luis was worried what had happened back at the Glatenfrissle compound with Matthias would make his new friends want to forget them completely. There were, indeed, moments when Luis thought about forgetting Beth Anne, Blaze, and Hood. It would have been easier to just move on and never see them again. But Luis loved people, all kinds of people. He loved his life and all the wonderful human beings that were part of it. He believed in people, even those he didn't know, and when he met people he genuinely liked he wanted to hold on to them for the rest of his life as tightly as he could. It was even better if they were like Beth Anne and they made him laugh.

Hood smiled and said, "I like you guys. You're nice people. And I figured if I didn't come tonight, I never would. You know how that goes."

Luis released Hood. He hugged Jase and said, "Isn't this wonderful? I'm so glad they came."

"I am, too," Jase said.

"Take them into the dining room and introduce them to everyone," Luis said. "I'll be right in with a few more chairs so everyone has a place to sit." He poked Jase and lowered his voice so Hood wouldn't hear him. "Make sure you put Hood near Hillary. You never know. They might hit it off."

Before Luis turned, Jase held him tighter and said, "You've made this the best Thanksgiving of my life. I love you so much. I'm the luckiest man in the world. I just wish my father could have been here with us this year. I've been thinking about him all day."

Luis kissed Jase on the lips. Luis had been thinking about Barry, too. "And I love you. I couldn't have done anything without you. I like to think your father is with us, and we just can't see him."

This made Jase smile. "I can't help feeling that way myself." Then he closed his eyes, inhaled, and hugged Luis one more time.

After they had coffee and sampled six different pies, including wet bottom shoo-fly pie, Luis started clearing the table and Jase started telling everyone about his latest invention. Luis took his time with the dessert plates. He lingered because this was the first time he'd heard about Jase's newest invention.

"I've been working on a feature for cars," Jase said.

"Cars?" Cory asked. He always perked up when cars were mentioned.

Jase nodded. "I've been going crazy with it, trying to get it just right so I could test it out. And last night, in bed, I had a revelation. I won't go into details about the technical aspects. But now I can finally talk about it."

"What is it, honey?" Jase's mother asked. She'd been so quiet through dinner.

Luis stopped at the dining room doorway and waited. Jase had never seemed interested in inventing features for cars. Luis was dying to know what this new invention was. He was hoping Jase had invented some kind of device that would block cell phone use from the inside of cars. It would have warmed Luis's heart to know that all the wing nuts on the road would never be able to send a text or make a phone call again while they were driving.

"It's a feature for senior citizens," Jase said.

Jase was at the head of the table and Isabelle was on his right. Isabelle turned and said, "This had better be good." He tongue was pressed to her cheek, which wasn't a good sign. Jase had been suggesting it might be time for Isabelle to stop driving, for her own safety. And Isabelle hadn't been thrilled with this idea.

Jase sat back and squared his shoulders. "I've designed a feature that will put an end to senior citizens driving through windows."

Isabelle blinked.

Luis almost dropped the dessert dishes.

"What on Earth are you talking about?" Isabelle asked. "Senior citizens don't drive through windows." She glanced around the table. "I know I never drove through a window and I've been driving for more years than you've been on Earth."

Cory and Gage were laughing by then, and The Reverend von Klingensmith, who was well into his seventies-but would never admit it aloud-and drove a huge Cadillac, just sat there gaping at Jase with his mouth wide open.

"Now don't get all excited," Jase said. "Just listen first. I was watching the news one night early last September and I saw a segment where an older guy thought he hit the brake but hit the gas pedal instead. He wound up plowing right through the plate glass window of a fast food restaurant and almost killed six nuns and a priest who were eating lunch. Thankfully, there were no casualties."

Isabelle put her hands on her hips. "Well, that could happen to anyone, sonny. It's not just senior citizens." She didn't seem too pleased with Jase's new invention, especially the part about senior citizens.

Jase sighed. "And two nights later, I saw almost the same thing on the news when an older man mistook the gas for the brake and went right through a drugstore window. Then, at the end of that same week, I watched another news segment where and older woman hit the gas, thinking it was the brake, and wound up plowing through the back of her garage, into the neighbor's back yard, and wound up in the neighbor's kitchen-in reverse!" He reached for Isabelle's hand. "I know it could happen to anyone. I once hit the gas thinking it was the brake and knocked off someone's side mirror on Fifth Avenue. I'll admit I'm not the best driver. So I've come up with a feature for cars where if someone does mistake the gas pedal for the brake and hits it too hard, there's a sensor that will stop the car from crashing into a window or a house, or even a person. I still haven't worked out all the bugs yet. I still have a long way to go. But I'd feel comfortable knowing that the next time I'm sitting in a fast food place having lunch I don't have to worry about someone in a big silver Buick crashing into my table."

Luis smiled and walked into the kitchen. He wasn't sure about this new invention. He preferred another invention Jase had mentioned to him: a set of standard-size dinner plates that were cut in half on purpose-split right down the middle with finished edges-so people who were watching their diets would be able to eat half portions of food instead of whole portions. Luis thought this was a wonderful idea, emotionally and psychologically. He'd buy a service for twenty-four just to be sure he had extras. And with everyone so conscious of their weight these days, Luis didn't see how an idea like this could fail. How simple it would be to stack half plates in the dishwasher instead of full-sized plates. Think of all the room people would save.

But Luis wasn't certain about this new feature for cars. And from the way Isabelle was going after Jase in the dining room, Luis had a feeling Jase might wind up insulting every senior citizen in America with this invention. Jase would have to market it to everyone, and not just single out senior citizens. That would be wrong: both socially and politically incorrect. Weren't senior citizens a minority, too?

When Luis opened the dishwasher to stack the coffee cups, he remembered the time he'd mistaken the gas pedal for the brake and he'd almost gone over a cliff at a state park. At the time, Luis had been in his early twenties. He'd broken out in a cold sweat and his hands shook for the next twenty minutes. It really could happen to anyone, not just older people. Maybe Jase did have something there after all. He just had to work on the presentation so he wouldn't offend senior citizens.

When Mary entered the kitchen and offered to help Luis clean up, he'd just closed the dishwasher and set the first load on "normal." With this crowd, he'd have to do at least four loads and wash many things by hand. But he didn't mind. He kissed Mary on the cheek and told her to go back into the dining room and save Jase from Isabelle's wrath. Luis wanted Mary to relax and enjoy herself. From what Luis could hear, Isabelle had started to curse and Luis knew Mary was the only one who could calm her down.

Mary kissed Luis and said, "It was a wonderful day. I'm glad I came and didn't stay in Alaska. It would have been too hard this year to be there without Barry."

Luis stopped doing the dishes and turned toward her. He could tell by the look in her face she was still missing Barry. There were tears in her eyes but she wasn't actually crying. If anyone needed a hug, it was Mary. "Are you okay?"

She smiled. "I'm fine. It's hard. But being with my family today made it a million times easier. And I missed Hunter so much."

Before Luis could say a word, Jase came into the kitchen looking for a piece of paper. "I want to explain my new invention to my grandmother on paper, so she can see it. I think that will calm her down. Now she thinks I'm going after every senior citizen in the world."

Mary turned and headed back to the dining room. "I'll see what I can do about calming her down. If you need me to help out with the dishes, Luis, just shout."

Luis turned back to his dirty dishes. "Jase, tell your grandmother it's for everyone, not just seniors. Tell her it could happen to anyone."

Jase grabbed a piece of paper and a pen from the drawer next to the sink and walked up behind Luis. He wrapped his arms around him and said, "I tried. But now she's stuck on the senior citizen thing. And I think poor von Klingensmith is a little upset, too. He's agreeing with her and giving me dirty looks." Then Jase kissed Luis on the mouth and said, "If you need help in here, let me know. Thanks for today. Everything is fantastic."

"You don't have to thank me," Luis said. "I had fun. Now get back in there and calm your grandmother down before she starts using the F-word in front of Hunter." He preferred cleaning the kitchen on his own. He could do it faster, and do it the way he wanted to do it.

On his way back to the dining room, Jase sent Luis a backward glance and said, "Love you."

"I love you, too," Luis said. "I'll be in in a minute."

Luis heard a scream when Jase went into the dining room, followed by high-pitched laughter. It sounded like Beth Anne screaming because Isabelle had just cursed. He could still hear Isabelle's voice over all the laughter. He'd never heard so much laughter in Cider Mill Farm at one time. And they were still expecting Cory's parents to drop by.

The walls of the old stone house seemed to vibrate with love. Everyone talked over everyone else and Luis could hear bits and pieces from each conversation. Cory was telling Preston about the new renovation Jase wanted to do down at the barn next summer. They'd been putting it off since they'd moved to Cider Mill Farm and Jase wanted to use the barn as a combination guest house and party area. This made Luis smile. If the barn was ready by this time next year, he'd have another huge Thanksgiving down there. This time he'd invite twice as many people. Maybe this would become a tradition and they'd host Thanksgiving dinner every year for all the people he loved. It would be an event people around them would look forward to and plan for, like the way people plan for New Year's Eve in Times Square.

Luis overheard Gage talking about nursing school. He was telling Rob and Rand about how he couldn't wait to become a nurse practitioner and work with people who were HIV positive. Gage was explaining about how expensive it was for people who were HIV positive to get the outrageously expensive medications they needed to stay alive, and how hard it was to keep some people on the medications for lengths of time due to the costs. Gage said celebrities made it sound so simple: you get the medications and live a normal life, happily ever after. But the costs of these HIV medications were thousands of dollars a month and only wealthy celebrities could afford them.

Hunter and Justin talked about school and football. Hillary told Josh and Roland about her plans for the next event with the Angel Association, the foundation for women who abandon their babies because they felt hopeless. Luis was looking forward to this event. He loved doing charity work for the Angel Association, and he'd grown accustomed to the fact that Hillary was a control freak and liked to micromanage everyone. In fact, though Luis didn't do this in front of anyone anymore, Luis was still checking out dumpsters, double checking to be sure no one had abandoned a baby.

Luis listened quietly and did the dishes, hoping someone was watching Hunter so he wouldn't give Camp too many scraps from the table and throw his diet off. Luis had heard about a new diet for dogs that all the breeders were doing. It was called "The Raw Diet," where dogs were fed raw meats and vegetables. Luis had read that some dog owners were now throwing raw whole chickens to their dogs and the bones didn't do them any harm at all because they weren't cooked. It was supposed to be better for dogs; they were supposed to live longer and remain more active in their senior years. Though Luis didn't want to know how old Camp was, he wanted to keep him around for a long time. He wanted to keep everything in his life as perfect it was that Thanksgiving Day.

THE END

