Chapter One

She was real...

Matt DeLeo, ex-IT entrepreneur and billionaire microbrewer, clutched a paper bag of groceries to his chest as he jogged along Periwinkle Avenue, Sanibel. The early morning Florida sunshine was warm on his face and a grin spread across his lips.

No doubt about it: he was wide awake and his dream woman really did exist. The flame-haired goddess he'd left sleeping in his bed fifteen minutes earlier had soft curves, fragrant skin, and a cinnamon-sweet mouth. Even her name sent shivers of pleasure up his spine. Piper...Piper Reilly, the supple shell collector he'd watched from a distance over the last six days, was a revelation. When she'd finally stepped into the Parrot Bar last night and asked for a Long Slow Comfortable Screw Up Against a Cold Hard Wall with a Kiss, it was as if an atomic sex bomb had exploded in the room. She had stolen his breath and now, after a night of passion he would never forget, he was just a few yards away from breaking one of his own rules of engagement with women.

He was going to make the green-eyed siren breakfast.

He knew little about Piper Reilly, but he did know she didn't drink beer and she hated the color pink. No problem, he could fix that. Living in Florida, she'd clearly never tasted any of his Colorado microbrewery's beer.

Today, he felt great. This was the life, the reason why he'd made his millions in IT, quit working for other people, and started his own business. Three years of twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week had taken its toll, and he deserved his reward. And the best things had been worth waiting for: freedom, philanthropy, and now, the perfect woman. He'd been imagining her for so long and now she had walked into his life.

He'd done the right thing coming south to scout new opportunities for his brewery business. Life was good here, the sun shone, and people drank a lot of beer. He only had to finish the big spring beer launch back in Colorado and then he'd start Project Florida. And Project Piper. He'd come back in a few weeks and they could pick up where they'd left off.

Except he didn't want to leave her for more than fifteen minutes. He had to go back to Passion Creek, because he had commitments and jobs to secure in Colorado before he moved on. There was no way around that unless she went with him. He bit down on his bottom lip. "Now why would a girl I've only just met want to do something as crazy as that?" He realized he was talking out loud and clamped his jaw shut.

He'd offer her the trip of a lifetime, all expenses paid, and tempt her back to Colorado with him. She'd laughed in his face the previous night when he'd told her he was a retired computer tycoon who tended bar from time to time just for fun. He hadn't wanted anyone to know he was checking out the Sanibel bar scene undercover. He'd tell her the truth over breakfast.

She was self-employed, so if she came to Colorado with him, he'd introduce her to more business contacts than she could ever dream of getting on her own. And, God, she was gorgeous. Stunning enough to be a top model...

"Holy crap." Matt's feet left the ground as he punched the air. He could see it now as clear as day; she'd be the perfect woman to advertise his new beer.

Passion Creek Brewery discovers America's favorite poster girl...you're still a genius, man!

Why would she turn down an all-expenses-paid trip to Colorado that promised fame and fortune? She wouldn't, he knew it.

"Have I got a surprise for you, Miss Reilly," he murmured as he reached the back steps of his rented condo.

Breakfast in bed and an offer you can't refuse.

Matt hitched the groceries against his ribs and let himself into the small condo. Silence. The bag crackled annoyingly in the narrow kitchenette, and the coffee machine was making loud noises. His heart beat faster as he peered around the doorframe toward the living area with the fold-down bed. Cold air swept down over his brow. The bed was empty. The bathroom door was wide open to show that it, too, was empty. There was no note, just the faintest trace of her melon scent.

Blood pounded in his ears as a cold, rational voice in his head chimed that one-night stands were like that. People just got up and left sometimes, and he should know because he'd done it enough times himself. Why would this be any different? Except it was different. It wasn't him who'd walked out the door. Karma had sneaked up behind him and bitten him right on the ass.

He slid his hand into his back pocket and the corner of a business card pricked the tip of his middle finger. Phew. It was still there. All he needed to track her down.

And he would. What was the point of being rich if you couldn't find the one woman you needed?

...

Sanibel Island seemed a world away already.

Piper Reilly cringed as her key ground in the lock of her apartment's front door. She'd been meaning to rub some oil into the workings for weeks, but something always seemed to happen to distract her.

The cold air of Passion Creek, Colorado, didn't help matters. Her hometown had been too cold for months for Piper to want to leave the door wide open just to oil the lock.

She nudged the door open with her knee and was hit by a blast of warm air and TV audience laughter. Her sister Sophie had it turned up loud.

Piper took a deep breath of foul air, burned popcorn, and soiled cat litter. Sophie hadn't been too hot on the housekeeping while she'd been away. "It stinks in here."

"Hi Piper!" The voice from within was cheerful, but Sophie didn't bother to move off the sofa before saying, "It's the litter box, hun, massive disease risk. The doc says not to touch it on account of being pregnant."

Piper bit back a sarcastic reply and squeezed her eyes shut. Her cell phone vibrated in her pocket. If the doc could see the sink full of dirty dishes she just glimpsed, he'd probably conclude Sophie's immune system could handle anything. "I'll deal with it in a sec. Where is that cat anyway?" On cue, a blur of silver shot out from behind the sofa and threaded its sleek, velvety body around her calves like a furry eel. "Still here, huh? Did

Sophie let you out at all?"

"Lazy thing doesn't want to leave," Sophie said. "I opened the front door a few times, but she ran and hid under the bed. Looks like she's chosen you as her new owner, big sis."

"Or you?"

"No, she tries to scratch me every time I pet her. That savage beast is all yours."

"You're not a beast, are you?" Piper bent down and picked the cat up. "Maybe one of those phone messages is your real owner who's seen the found notices I stuck up all over Passion Creek."

"Or the cops warning you about littering." Sophie chuckled.

"That would be just my luck." She ran the palm of her hand over the cat's middle and sighed. "And she is pregnant, isn't she?"

Sophie nodded sadly. "Yep, no doubt about it. You've got two homeless hussies on your hands."

She was dirty, tired, jetlagged, hung over, and, she realized after glancing at the email that had just come in on her cell phone, had just thirteen hours to scrape together an office outfit before starting a new temp job in the morning. She'd been dying for a good night's sleep, but if she didn't clear up the airborne toxins, it would probably mean none of them would actually wake up in the morning. Her throat felt dry.

"Can you put some coffee on, Soph?" Piper's stomach clenched as she dragged in her suitcase. Last night should not have happened, for so many reasons. A one-night stand with a complete stranger? What was she thinking? "Got work in the morning and I feel like crap."

"So don't go." Sophie bounced up from the sofa with a grin, her pink, sweater-clad pregnancy bump looking a gigantic marshmallow.

"I have to go." Piper wished for once that she didn't have to be the sensible, reliable sister. It had been fun to let it rip in Florida, but now it was over. "We have no other regular income right now, remember?"

Sophie's freckled nose twitched and her blue eyes grew wide. "Business slow?"

"It's doing fine, sweetheart, but silvering pretty shells for a living only works for one person, not two with a baby due any day. Still, I just got an email to say I have a temp gig in a finance department tomorrow."

She pushed the three unanswered texts on her phone from the one night stand boy, Matt DeLeo, to the back of her mind. And then remembered the two unanswered calls she'd let go to voicemail. The unknown number was probably him as well. What would be the point of further contact? They lived thousands of miles apart and he was a self-confessed bum. A bum with a body like a Renaissance marble statue. She shook her head to dislodge the memory and winced. She didn't remember giving him her cell phone number...

"I guess your money problems are my fault for turning up here on New Year's Eve with a bun in the oven and nowhere to go?" Sophie said.

Piper almost laughed at the drama her little sister injected into her words. Four years younger than Piper, Sophie had always been a pro at turning on the waterworks. "I would never turn you away, and you know it. This arrangement is only temporary, right?"

Sophie sniffed and picked at a spot of pink fluff on her tummy. "I couldn't go back to Alessandro, you do know that? And Mom and Dad are still angry I hooked up with him in the first place. I don't think they'd have me back even if I begged."

"You could try. They'll come around when the baby's here, trust me. Why don't you give them a call and try to make up?" Piper yanked open a kitchen drawer. "You may even change your mind about letting Alessandro back into your life, but somebody has to pay the bills in this place while you sort your life out."

"You were the only one I could turn to."

"I know. It's okay," Piper said gently, "but I could really use some help around the place from time to time. Cat poop excluded."

Sophie smiled gratefully. "You could always ask the old man for a loan."

Piper slammed the drawer shut hard, a roll of trash bags gripped in her hand. "Are you crazy? Mom sold Aunt Jean's bead collection to get me through college as it is. I can look after things myself just fine. And you, lady, can do your own dirty work and ask Dad for money."

"I'll bet you're too proud to even let them pay for your wedding when your turn comes."

"Wedding? Jeez, everything about this town has to do with love, weddings, happily ever afters, and pink. So much sickly, disgusting pink. One more wedding commission will probably make me sick, but I need all the money I can get. Correction, we need all the money I can get."

"Aw, you sourpuss. That'll change when Mr. Right comes knocking at your door, just you wait."

"No way. I'm a realist and you should be too, in your position. Do you realize I've fallen a little behind on the mortgage? This is getting serious."

Sophie looked genuinely uncomfortable, enough to make Piper qualify her harsh statement. "Where's all the love after the heart-shaped gold sequins are swept away, tell me that? Divorce stats are ridiculous, sweetheart. They come here to Passion Creek, marry, leave, fight, and then split up. It's a joke."

"Not all of them. I'm sure some couples make it."

"I guess you're right, but even so, the only way I'll marry is if I love someone so much I'd die without him. And he'd have to ask me obviously, not the other way around."

"I guess."

Piper tore off a garbage bag and frowned. "Sorry, I forgot. About you, him, the baby, and everything."

"Yeah, it's a freaking mess."

"And you can't even drink to forget."

"I can eat."

Piper winced as she slid empty cans into the bag. "Good idea, what should I get? Unless, of course, the fridge is stocked?"

"There's milk and cookies."

Piper grinned. "I'll dump the cat poop and then we'll order in. Tacos? Pizza?"

"Fish and chips." Sophie tossed over a takeout flyer. "There's a brewhouse that delivers. Never heard of them-think they're new-but it sounds good and they're way cheap."

Piper looked at the menu and laughed. "Well, what do you know? The Railway Tavern, right next door to where I'm working tomorrow, the Passion Creek Brewery accounts payable department. Okay, let's go for it, and if it's foul, I'll take it back there in the morning."

Forty minutes later, Sophie tore a piece of crispy batter off her fish and closed her eyes as she crunched down on it. "This is good."

Piper grinned at the dribble of malt vinegar that trickled onto her sister's sweater and offered a piece of fish to the cat that had snuggled up against her thigh. "Yep, sure is."

Sophie picked up a french fry. "Oh, I forgot to say. There's been a whole load of calls on the landline today, so I guess the shell trade must be picking up. Hopefully you won't have to be a wage-slave temp for too much longer if Silver Bells starts raking in the dollars."

Piper's hands stilled over her plate. "Take any names or details?"

Sophie shook her head as if her big sister was crazy. "No way, I have no idea what to say to people about your business, so I didn't pick up." She took a big swallow of soda and smiled. "Which reminds me, I did some internet shopping for baby stuff today, and it looks like your business email inbox is crammed too."

"Must be the people who didn't get through on the phone." Piper quashed a sudden sense of foreboding and put it down to irrational paranoia and hangover. "Any clues as to what's been coming in?"

"I'd never read another person's emails!" Sophie wrinkled her nose in disgust. "Honestly, what do you think I'm like?"

"Holy crap." Piper stared with horror at the computer printout her supervisor had slapped onto her desk, and then flinched as she accidentally knocked a stack of Passion Creek Brewery beer coasters onto the floor. "Please tell me this is a first-day-in-the-office joke. You do this to all the new temps, right? It's not for real?"

"Sorry, kiddo, this is all too real. You've been here three hours and have somehow managed to pay every supplier we owe in Japanese yen instead of dollars." The older woman adjusted the box of reindeer-shaped bottle openers she was carrying. "And our biggest hops supplier has been yelling down the phone at the boss already."

"No..." Piper had been preoccupied by all the phone messages and emails she'd discovered from Matt DeLeo the night before, and it was seriously looking like she'd had a one-night stand with a stalker. He hadn't been threatening, but he'd said he needed to speak with her about something important, something that had to be done face-to-face. He said the same thing over and over again via every method of communication. It was a matter of urgency, apparently.

"Yup. And it gets worse. The boss is here. Just got back from a research trip and he's furious. The big guy wants you in his office now."

"Perhaps it would be better if I just got my coat and left?"

The supervisor, known affectionately in the office as Super, shook her head. "Try that and he'll set the security dogs on you. He can't stand cowards."

"I'm no coward!"

"Great. Then get up to the boardroom PDQ and take what's coming."

"PDQ?"

"Pretty darned quick."

"We meet again. Piper Reilly. Hard to believe we've been living in the same city for the last few years." His eyes were penetrating, his smile deadly, and her blood ran cold. "Welcome to my team."

Matt DeLeo.

"For fuck's sake." Her immediate instinct was to walk straight out, but she still needed this job and, like it or not, he was now her employer. Piper held her breath. This couldn't be happening, it was too bizarre. Matt DeLeo was an itinerant barman in Florida with tycoon fantasies, not the boss of a Colorado brewery in a designer suit. She must be hallucinating. He looked seriously angry, and those brown eyes were darker than she remembered. He also looked seriously sexy, all shaven and smart.

"That should be my line," he said, and ran a hand through the black silk of his hair. "Do you know how much your currency screw-up is going to cost me?"

She fisted her hands behind her back and did her best to control the confusion and anger welling up inside her. "If I hadn't been so preoccupied with some lunatic stalker leaving messages s for me all over the place, I might not have been so distracted!"

"I only wanted to talk to you."

There were so many questions buzzing around her mind that she didn't know where to start. "Well, guess what? I didn't want to speak to you, but now you have me cornered, and I'd love to know how you managed that. Perhaps you can tell me what's so damn important. It was one night, Matt, not the beginning of anything, and I want it to stop right now."

"Please, sit down."

She felt sick to her stomach. The currency error, the fact that she needed this job to pay the mortgage, and Matt DeLeo looming large before her were all enough to make anyone's knees wobble. She'd get through this latest pile of crap. "I'll stand."

He raised a dark eyebrow. "Fine."

The dark way he was looking at her made the hairs stand up on the back of her neck. "Is there any reason why you can't ask the bank to reverse the incorrect transactions?"

Her voice sounded brittle and she wanted to shiver at the way he was staring at her. Matt DeLeo. In Passion Creek, lording it behind a great big boss man desk. Sheesh.

"No, no, no. It doesn't work like that, Red."

She didn't remember him being this exasperating, but then she hadn't been exactly sober the last time they'd spoken. "My name's not Red. Don't call me that."

"Why not?"

"Because I don't like it."

"I don't like being walked out on before I've made breakfast."

He wasn't going to mince his words, that much was obvious. She softened her tone in the hope he might be placated. "That was very thoughtful, but I didn't want breakfast."

"I don't like being walked out on, period. Leaving like you did was damn rude."

He looked so hot in that suit...

She gave herself a mental shake. "I had a plane to catch."

"Ignoring my emails and phone calls was rude, too."

He was right, she had been rude, but no way was she going to admit it. "Look, I'm here in a professional capacity. What happened between us in Florida was a mistake, fun as it was, and me ending up in your finance department is the most cataclysmic coincidence."

"I see what you mean." He stroked his chin. "Very awkward."

"I want to put things right if I can, and obviously I'll leave immediately if that's what you want. Just tell me what I can do. I am sorry."

"There may be something you can do to fix this."

"It would be really great if I could." Piper felt sweat prickle on her top lip as he shot her a cold look.

"I have a solution," he said.

"You do?"

"I'm going to hire a new accounts payable clerk immediately." His dark eyes glowed. "You get a shiny new job."

She willed herself not to feel any kind of relief or hope, because she could sense she was on a hopeless losing streak. "Doing what?"

"Being my official companion for the next few weeks." His teeth bit down on his broad bottom lip for a second. "And the promotional face of my new product. I want you to be Passion Creek Brewery's poster girl for my latest launch."

Piper let out an incredulous laugh. "You're crazy."

"No, I'm not."

"Oh yes, you are."

"You get to keep your clothes on, if that's what you're worried about. No topless shots, just your lovely face smiling over a big glass of my best foaming beer." He grinned, but the expression was forced and cold like a predator about to take a great big bite out of its prey. "It doesn't look like you have much choice unless you want me tell the agency how badly you screwed up that payment run this morning. It costs me. I should invoice them for that. I have salaries to pay."

"The agency will have insurance to cover this, right?"

"Maybe they do, but what are the chances of them placing you in a position of responsibility again? They have a reputation to consider, and I do believe they have a review section on their website."

"You wouldn't!"

He shrugged. "Think what you like, but they'll be pissed when the woman I asked for by name, because she'd been personally recommended to me, is fired on her first morning. Can you risk it?"

"You asked for me by name? How did you know which agency to call? I never told you my last name."

"In Sanibel, you mentioned you did occasional temp work to make ends meet." He flicked her business card across the desk. "And that fell out of your purse. You have an unusual name, and there aren't that many temp agencies in Passion Creek."

She stared down at the silver scrap of a card and cursed herself for being so careless. "I can live without work from that damn agency, DeLeo. Do what the hell you like because I'm not going to be your poster girl."

"Pretty name you have for your business. I like it. It must be doing well if you're willing to flush your temping career down the toilet." He fixed her with a hard stare. "Not sure it would survive if word got out about some of the things you told me in Sanibel. Passion Creek is a small town when it comes to scandal."

"Scandal?" Piper's mind raced as she tried to remember what she'd told him, but almost everything beyond seven that evening in Sanibel was a sparkly blur. "What things?"

Matt laughed. "Seriously? You can't remember? Piper, all those cocktails made you tell me everything."

Hell, what had she said? There were so many things lurking in her past that she considered hidden forever. Surely she hadn't been drunk enough to mention any of them? "Nobody will believe you," she said in a strained voice. "And nobody in Passion Creek will be interested in what I may or may not have done."

"Not even the unsolved mystery of who sprayed a big dick symbol on Pastor Zimmerman's front door?" He grinned wickedly. "Won't do a lot for your wedding favor sales."

"I'm beginning to hate you."

"And I still have a pair of your black lacy underpants. Think I might frame them and put them up behind the bar with your business card."

Damn, she'd forgotten about those. "You're insane if you think you can get away with this." She snatched up the business card and thrust it into her jacket pocket. "You're seriously threatening to blackmail me if I refuse to be your smiley beer girl?"

Matt DeLeo tipped his head to one side and smiled. "Blackmail?" Then a nonchalant shrug. "I want you as my poster girl, and I want to see you again. So if that's what it takes to get me what I want, then I guess so. Blackmail. Technically."

Chapter Two

Her cheeks were flushed pink, just like they'd been after they'd first had sex on the sofa back in Florida, and Matt couldn't help but silently congratulate himself on reeling her back into his orbit. Poor Piper must have one hell of a guilty conscience, because the only vaguely scandalous thing she'd told him about in Florida was the Zimmerman graffiti. He'd been bluffing about knowing more. He wondered what secrets she had hidden away in that pretty head. He'd love to know more about her, but his victory was her loss, and she was angry. She was also scared and he didn't want her like that-he wanted her to be having fun again.

"It's not as bad as it sounds," he said. "The blackmail side of things."

Piper huffed and crossed her arms over her chest. "So you're a decent guy who just does the nice kind of blackmail, not the hard-core extortion type?"

"I am a decent guy, and I'm not going to force you to do anything you don't want to do." He cracked a smile, but didn't receive one in return. "We'll have a blast, just wait and see. I'll show you things you've never seen."

"I don't want to wait and see. I want certainty, all the ducks in a row. I want to know exactly what you expect of me as your companion and poster girl, because being financially ruined might be preferable. And, for the record, it sure feels like I'm being forced to do something I don't want to do."

He bit the end of the pen he was holding. "Okay, sit down and we'll talk this over." He gestured to the chair on the opposite side of his desk and dropped the pen onto the polished wood as she slid onto the black leather chair. The pencil skirt she was wearing pulled tight across her thighs and slid up a few inches to reveal a neat pair of black, hosiery-covered knees. Knees that had been on either side of his head at one point. He coughed. "As you now know, I own this brewery."

"Not an IT tycoon, like you tried to convince me you were in Florida."

"You didn't believe me anyway."

"I have an instinct when it comes to opportunistic liars."

He whistled through his teeth and allowed her a second to look smug. "I started up Xtreme Analytics LLC in Boulder. Heard of it?"

Her smile faded. "Nope."

"They develop software you need for cutting-edge IT indexing and provide consultancy services to some of the biggest corporations in the world. Some say it's helped make Colorado the new Silicon Valley."

"And you're in an office at the back of a Passion Creek brewery now because...?"

"Because I sold out after I made my first few millions, fed my necktie into the shredder, and chased my dreams instead of gathering at the water cooler with the rest of the herd. I do what I want, Piper, when I want."

She nodded slowly and looked warily around the office, her gaze landing on a stack of beer crates and some metal barrels. "Your dreams included a lot of beer."

"A lot of beer, a lot of brewhouses, and a lot of bars. I was working undercover as a barman last week, researching new outlets in Sanibel. It's the best way to gauge the market. I have real estate investments, too-dull, but it's good to have a backup plan. I don't ever want a boss over me again."

"Nice."

"Better than that."

Piper adjusted herself in her seat and stretched her spine, which pushed her breasts forward. Her icy glare indicated she'd noticed him glancing at them. "Better than sex?" Her tone was sharp, but the edge in it made a zap of excitement hit him between the legs.

He paused before answering, locking her gaze with his until it felt like his blood was beginning to simmer. "Sometimes, depends on the quality of the sex."

Piper sighed deeply and looked away. "You're not low enough to insist I have sex with you as part of being your companion, are you?"

"Of course not," he said slowly, "but it might not be all that bad considering what you said you'd like to do to me in Florida."

"I was drunk, so were you, and I never expected to see you again."

Matt made a tutting sound and stood up from behind his desk. "Are you saying you used me, Miss Reilly? Used me for your own sexual gratification, no strings, and no questions asked?"

She frowned at him and then shrugged. "I guess I did, but that doesn't mean I'm going to have sex with you again, understand?"

"I'm not expecting you to sleep with me as part of this deal, Piper. I'm not that much of a jerk and, for the record, I don't sleep with my employees." He still hadn't figured out how to deal with the not mixing business with pleasure rule that had been such a big part of his life until now. Sleeping with your staff was a Bad Thing. "But you can't deny we were on fire in Florida. Chemistry like that doesn't just disappear because you want it to."

She swallowed. "You're different than the guy I met in Sanibel. He was laid back, a drifter with tattoos who knew when to stop asking questions. He wasn't wearing a suit, he wasn't my boss, and he wasn't blackmailing me."

"I can lose the suit any time you like," he said and shucked off his jacket.

She paused for a second and swallowed. "You know exactly what I mean. We were equals in Sanibel and now we're-"

"We're still equals. Look at this as a business deal if that helps." Yes, they were equals and she was more of a contractor than an employee. So maybe the fine print of his moral dilemma could be amended to permit some consensual adult fun. "You came here to work and I'm still letting you do that with many added benefits you didn't have this morning."

"Like unfettered access to your underpants? No way."

She was fixated by the potential sexual implications of his proposal, which was good. The fact that it was at the forefront of her mind meant she felt something, and there was no reason to think it was in any way bad. He'd never had sex like it. They were more than compatible. And he really wanted Piper as his gorgeous poster girl as well. She could take his spring launch to another level entirely. So was he insane hoping he could have both those things when Piper didn't want to give him either of them?

He jabbed his toe against the leg of his desk. "Okay, I admit I wanted to see you again, to finish what we started in Florida, but things have moved on beyond wild sex and cocktails."

"How so?"

"The upside of this deal is that we can help each other."

"Deal?" She shook her head and the cold beams of light filtering through the window turned to rubies as they landed on her hair. "Blackmail is what it is. You admitted it yourself. I should walk out right now and call your bluff."

He was a champion bluffer. "So long, then."

Piper frowned but didn't move, and he caught her gaze flicker momentarily over his torso. "The terms, DeLeo. Let's get on with it."

"I'm launching a new product and I need a pretty woman on my arm for all the promotional stuff."

"Talk about sexist. Can't you be a big boy and do it on your own?"

"Nope. I'm promoting a new beer for the spring into summer season. I want to create a buzz for it while pushing my existing products. I also need a face-your face-as a promotional tool to put on beer coasters, billboards, that kind of thing."

"I guess I should be flattered you think I'm up to it." Her eyes then flared with suspicion. "Unless I'm being ridiculed. It's not a before and after, is it? This is the ugly duckling before she drinks the magic beer and turns into a beautiful swan who looks just like Angelina Jolie?"

His head tipped to one side and he smirked. "So not my style. You look good, and your colors complement all the branding I have in place. It's aesthetics, not gimmicks. I want simple, but evocative, maybe just a little bit vintage to be on trend. I knew you were the woman I'd been looking for the moment you came within three feet of me."

"Oh."

That seemed to have shocked her. "The brand name of the beer is PCB No. 68, and I want it to be successful so I can move on to my next project."

"Sounds like a tractor."

"Stands for Passion Creek Brewery."

"And the significance of the number? One bottle short of a sixty-nine?"

She was sharp. "Good thinking, but no, even I'm not that juvenile. The brewhouse address number is sixty-eight. I was going to call it Passion Creek Pink until I remembered PCP is a recreational drug."

"Pink...this beer is pink?"

"Yep."

"I can't think of anything worse."

Her face did say it all, but he chose to ignore her disgust. "This is Passion Creek, the town that has love and romance at its heart. I want to exploit that. After all, 50 percent of our visitors are female and I think they're going to like this brew a lot."

"I hope you're not expecting me to join them in the experience."

"Having your face promoting this is all part of attracting the female demographic. I want ladies drinking beer to become more cool and sophisticated. Elegant. Refined. Drinking cold white wine is getting boring, and cocktails are sugary and expensive." He ran his hand across his jaw and watched her apple-green eyes follow the movement. "You might have to pretend a little, but why not try something new? It might surprise you."

She made a frustrated sound at the back of her throat. "I'm going to have to pretend one hell of a lot. Give me terms. Contract duration, remuneration, confidentiality clauses, adherence to all known employment laws. Etcetera. I want them."

He rolled his shoulders lazily. "I want lots of things, but it doesn't mean I always get them."

"Really?" she snapped. "I'd love to see the list of things Matt DeLeo wants, but can't have. Santa let you down last year?"

A bitter thrill shot up his spine and he resumed eye contact. "The contract will run for four weeks starting today. I'll pay you three times what you're on now plus overtime at time and a half. I'll cover all your expenses, because I need you looking super hot."

She rolled her eyes to the ceiling. "I'm not hearing this."

"Clothes, hair, pedi, mani, fake tan, reiki, whatever you need." He cocked his head to get her attention back on his face. "You see? I understand the needs of high-maintenance women. And as for confidentiality, I won't tell anyone your darkest secrets if you don't tell anyone you're a girlfriend of convenience as well as my reluctant beer pin-up girl."

"You said companion, not girlfriend. And my secrets aren't that dark."

"Not on a world scale maybe, but bad enough to keep Passion Creek gossiping for a few years." He blew air through his teeth. "Heck, I'm still blushing when I think back to the things you told me in the Parrot Bar. And then later, back at the condo-"

"I don't think we need to go into all that," she said, her voice catching.

She was bluffing just like he was, but this cat-and-mouse game was fun. He wondered again what she thought she'd told him after drinking her way through the cocktail menu. It was tantalizing. "Then that's okay. I'll keep it all to myself if you go along with what I'm suggesting. And if you want to use my body again-"

"I don't."

If Piper made the first move, he'd have nothing to feel bad about, would he? She was a contractor for a set period of time and if she chose to seduce him...he was only flesh and blood, after all. It might not happen as quickly as he'd like it to, but it would. It was arrogant of him to have that sense of certainty, but the sexual tension between them crackled in the air already. He would play it cool and she would come back to him in the end.

He smiled contentedly. "A few weeks, all expenses paid, lots of parties, a good wage, and a priceless opportunity to push Silver Bells and Cockle Shells."

She looked surprised. "I can do that? Promote my business?"

"Why not? It's not as if we're in direct competition or anything. I can get the media team to run off some extra photo shoots for your own use. Maybe in time we can talk about your products and how they could be useful to the brewery, our bars, retail outlets. The possibilities are endless."

There was a hint of a dreamy smile forming. He was doing something right at last. Her voice lost its sharp edge. "Cool."

"So?"

"So...I have no real choice."

"But it's not so bad after all?" He saw her slender throat move as she swallowed before she spoke again.

"Will all this be happening in Passion Creek?"

"Mainly, but we might need to go out of town now and then. Problem?"

"Maybe." She frowned. "I have a pregnant cat in the house."

"Okay, we can probably sort something out about that."

"And a sister. Also pregnant."

"Really?"

"Yes."

Maybe she thought he was a little dumb, but he could tell when he was being conned. "And the due dates are?"

"Both pretty much imminent." She must have seen the incredulity he was feeling displayed all over his face. "I'm not lying."

Of course she wasn't. Much. "So the daddy, he can take care of your sister, right?"

"The daddy is out of the picture. It's just us."

"Holy..."

"Yeah, it's not ideal, but family is family. You understand?"

He didn't. "Yes. I'll make sure we don't go out of Passion Creek together unless it's by helicopter. Thirty-minute return time. That okay?"

"Thirty minutes to where?"

She should have taken up law or insurance claims. Talk about a need for detail. "Back to a helipad I have access to twenty-four-seven within a few blocks of your place."

She looked shocked. "You know where I live?"

"It's on the resume the agency emailed me. Don't worry. I haven't been trawling your name on the internet. Believe me, I have personal experience of that happening, and it's not funny."

Her eyes widened. "Like what happened?"

"Bad stuff. Seriously, I have stalkers even now. Legal restraint doesn't seem to make any difference to some of these nutcases."

"Stalkers. How scary is that?"

"All it took was one article in Vanity Fair. I was naive. I'm not anymore."

"What do they want? Why do they do it?"

He laughed. "Being on Forbes' most eligible and stinking-rich bachelor list might have something to do with it."

"Jeez, you must have come up front and personal with a lot of silicone."

"And Botox, but I prefer people to be real." He looked out the window toward the backyard where a beer truck loaded with barrels was reversing, and then turned his attention back to her. "So how about a cocktail with me since I haven't converted you to beer yet? Maybe a few, then dinner. Around seven o'clock?"

The color rose in her face. "I can't tonight, it's too short notice."

"Of course, no problem. Do you have a current boyfriend in town? I never asked, but assumed since what happened in Florida..."

"No, no current boyfriend. Not since Christmas Eve."

Not since Christmas Eve? Nasty of whichever one of them did the dumping, but none of his business. "So if tonight's out, we'll do lunch instead. Now. During the time you'd been planning on working on a pile of really boring spreadsheets with a sweaty peanut butter sandwich at your desk."

"Are you really suggesting cocktails halfway through the work day?"

He raised an eyebrow. "You weren't too worried about daytime drinking in Sanibel. There's no need for either of us to come back to the office today. Are you driving?"

"No, I'm not driving, but I'm not on vacation anymore, either."

"Piper, the next few weeks are going to be more of a vacation than you've ever had if you can relax and go with the flow. Seriously, add holistic massage to the list of your allowable expenses. You seem to need it." He watched her face as she appeared to consider his suggestion. There were dark circles under her eyes; she could probably do with some pampering. He guessed things hadn't been too easy for her. "What's your favorite restaurant?"

"The Loft is, but-"

"Great. I'll take you there and buy you anything you want. I feel like celebrating."

She smiled nervously and then the tension in her face seemed to melt. At last. "Okay, the Loft for lunch, then. I'll have the rib eye steak with shrimp, a side of onion rings, and the best Cabernet Sauvignon they have."

"Cabernet, hmmm?"

"Merlot is so passe."

"Do you want some nuts with that?"

"Olives, the imported ones hand-stuffed with garlic by nuns."

He picked up his jacket and slid it back on. "In that case, I'll have the biggest lobster in town. With melted garlic butter."

Her smile became a grin. "And I thought you could live on peanuts and potato chips, Mr. DeLeo."

"I can. And beer. It's nutritious. In fact, I'm thinking of devising a diet based on it. Write a book, develop an app, maybe design some ultra-cool merchandise."

She tilted her head to one side. "The tragic thing is that I can see you actually doing that."

Chapter Three

Piper's cheeks tingled as the cold air outside the brewery office building hit her full on. Matt DeLeo was no more than a foot behind her-she could feel his heat in the cool Colorado air, she would swear to it.

"Which way from here?" she murmured. "Are we walking?"

"Why not?" His voice was deep and calm, such a contrast to how she felt. "We can be there in about five minutes. Or I can get us a car."

She turned to face him. "I can walk five minutes to the Loft if that's where you want to go."

"I've never been there, but if it's your favorite, that's good enough for me."

"It's great, but-"

"Then let's get there because my stomach is going to be making really bad noises soon."

Piper wanted to say she was scared her buddies would spot her, that the bartender would be indiscreet, and that her best haunt was about to be sullied forever. She hadn't thought about that when she'd blurted out that the Loft was her favorite place. "Okay, but don't embarrass me. I'm a regular."

"Now why would I do that?"

The way he said that made her even more fearful. She couldn't trust him after he'd threatened to put her panties up behind the bar of the Railway Tavern, could she? She made a snap decision to lie for everyone's benefit. "And to be honest, I've heard the chef's not so hot on seafood."

"Really?"

"I've never actually had the lobster myself, but the last time I was there, I did hear someone complaining."

"Would you like to go somewhere else?"

She held in the sigh of relief. "I think it would be best. Perhaps Fernando's?" She'd never set foot in the place because it was so expensive, but if Matt wanted to play this game to the max, she could get a nice meal out of it. "Although I hear they have a waiting list for tables as long as your arm."

"They'll fit us in," he said confidently. "But it's not close by and it's freezing out here. Let's have a drink somewhere while we wait for a car and I give Fernando's a call." He gestured to a red and yellow awning a few yards ahead. "Tapas bar, perfect."

The heavy wood and glass door swung closed behind them and the warm air scented with garlic, chorizo, and sherry was heavenly in contrast with the gray chill outside. "I must do Spain one day," Piper mused. "So colorful and vibrant."

"And warm." Matt pulled out a tall wooden stool at the bar for her. "Although Seville in July can be a challenge."

"You've been there?"

"I've been a whole lot of places, the upside of having an itinerant and pretty much wasted youth before I got stuck in an office. And then a regular paycheck made last-minute cheap flights during vacation time irresistible."

"Lucky you." Sometimes Piper wished she hadn't always been so square and reliable, Sanibel excluded-that was a crazy blip. "Sounds like fun."

He stared for a moment at the arch-shaped wooden wine rack behind the bar. Could it be that he was suddenly feeling wistful? Piper knew damn well she would be. Leaving the Atlantic Coast and its soft white sand had been bad enough.

"What would you like to drink?"

Her head was still thick from lack of sleep, but what the hell. "Whatever you're having, as long as it's not beer."

He smiled at the bartender and gestured that he wanted to order. "Two large Tempranillos, por favor."

The bartender grinned back. "Want any tapas with that, mate?"

Matt nodded. "Yeah, a couple of small ones, whatever's best today."

They watched as the young guy poured rich, ruby-colored liquid into the glass bowls of two tall wine goblets. "It's nice here," Piper said. "Why don't we stay here and eat instead of trekking across town?"

Matt shrugged. "Not sure they do big meals like steak and shrimp, just the tapas. I can ask about the Cabernet."

"I'm fine with the cute little dishes." She closed her eyes and took a sip of the wine, tiny beaded bubbles still spinning on the surface from being poured. "This red wine is good. Is your cold executive heart set on lobster?"

"I'll live without the crustacean. In that case, let's sit somewhere more comfortable." He pointed to a small table set into an alcove. "Grab that one and I'll get our server to bulk up our order."

Piper panicked slightly in the minute it took Matt to upgrade their order and she sat fiddling with a coaster while she waited for him. Conversation had flowed effortlessly between them in Florida and it hadn't just been because of the alcohol. However, this was a very different feeling situation. Her best bet was to keep this as business-like as possible, to remain neutral and professional, however companions or girlfriends of convenience managed to do that. When he sat down she forced a smile, looked away, and took a sip of her wine before speaking.

"I've been thinking about this big plan of yours." She stabbed a cocktail stick at one of the stuffed olives the waiter had put down with their drinks. Garlic-stuffed, too. "Won't your staff think it's odd that the temp who screwed up the entire payment run is now suddenly your girlfriend and poster girl?"

"Nope. I'll mention to Super discreetly that my new squeeze wanted to know what it was like to have a nine-to-five job instead of living off her daddy's allowance. And now that she knows what real work is like, she doesn't like it too much, but she likes dressing up and having her picture taken."

"That makes me look like a spoiled brat!"

He shrugged. "Does it matter? Being on my arm and having me metaphorically kissing your tiny feet will mean most of womankind will hate you anyway."

"So modest." Her toes tingled at the thought of him kissing them. Perhaps he'd done that to her already, but she couldn't be exactly sure.

"It's an observed fact, and that's why I avoid long-term relationships. It's just not fair on them."

"Them?" Talk about an inflated ego. "The female masses?"

"No, the poor woman who thinks she's found Mr. Right, but is sadly deluded because I'm a Grade A shit." He shot her a chilling look. "Just so we're clear."

"There's no such person as Mr. Right in Passion Creek."

There might have been in Sanibel, though, if he hadn't been such a drifter...

She shuddered for a split second, thinking she'd spoken those words aloud. Was she insane? The drifter bum version of Matt DeLeo was the most unsuitable potential life partner she'd ever encountered, apart from her abysmal ex, of course. And Matt DeLeo the super-wealthy brewery boss and genius entrepreneur was equally bad, just in a more respectable way. Irresponsible and full of himself. She was destined to spend the rest of her life alone-there was very little doubt about it-and all things considered, maybe that was for the best.

She needed to keep their relationship on as much of a business footing as possible or things could get messy. Cold and ruthless was the way forward. "I guess we must have a schedule of events, appearances, that sort of thing leading up to the big launch day? When is that? And you said photo shoots. I have no idea what that involves." She couldn't help wrinkling her nose before finishing with, "apart from lots of lovely pink beer."

"On that day, I have a huge event at the town hall planned out. The mayor is all for it, and he's even agreed to wear a pink PCB-issue vest for the proceedings."

She couldn't suppress a little smile after hearing that piece of information. "Yeah, I can see Mayor Cobbett really going for something that tacky. And alcoholic..."

"He has a lot of contacts and they'll all be there buying and drinking and being persuaded to tell their friends. Hopefully, if they drink enough, they'll also be tempted to put pressure on their corporate entertainment departments to order with us. If I get things right, word about PCB being a totally amazing love elixir will go viral. I'm considering adding a Twitter hashtag to the campaign as well. Get the trendy demographic interested."

"Not worried about the Puritans?"

He shook his head. "Advertising and promoting alcohol is still legal and long may it stay that way. Besides, there's evidence to suggest responsible drinking is actually good for you. And, let's face it, you can go into a store and buy cannabis legally in Colorado these days. Beer is pretty tame in comparison."

She raised an eyebrow and he matched her.

"Looks good," she murmured as the bartender began to unload a stack of tiny dishes on to the table in front of them.

"Today's specials." The bartender grinned. He clearly enjoyed this part of his job. "Fire-roasted piquillo peppers stuffed with fresh goat cheese and rosemary, seared sea scallops with crispy jamon, lemon aioli, and flash-fried arugula, charcuteria, patatas bravas, and my personal favorite, carne de cerdo, ribs with a pineapple brandy sauce served with crispy fried onions."

"Good grief," Piper muttered. "Your chef is a genius."

"I hope you're hungry," he said with a laugh and then switched his attention to Matt. "I'll be right back with the blood orange sangria you ordered at the bar, sir."

The warm red wine on her empty stomach was taking hold quickly. She hadn't had time for breakfast, but it looked like lunch was going to make up for it. She picked up a pepper by the stalk, bit into its juicy, salty filling, and savored the tang of the herby cheese before launching into her best small talk. "I've never had lobster, way too expensive. What's it like?"

His dark eyebrows lifted. "Like a big shrimp, but chewier, not as sweet. Big, fat shrimps are nicer in my opinion."

Piper bit down on a scallop. "So why the 'I'll have the lobster' thing?"

"Because I'd never tasted it before I made it as a somebody. I order it because I can."

"But you prefer shrimp?"

"I prefer burgers, actually. With processed cheese and sweet pickles."

She stared down at the spread of dishes between them. "Comfort food."

"I guess."

"My mom's roast chicken is the best for that."

He chewed for a moment, looking at her intently. "My mom isn't much of a cook."

"A mom that doesn't cook the best food ever? Not natural."

He shrugged. "You said it."

"I'm sorry, none of my business."

She suddenly wanted to ask him over to her folks' for Sunday dinner to show him how real people lived, normal people who peeled their own potatoes and scrubbed the floor, but knew her mom would fall for him instantly. He had that little boy lost look about him when his guard was down, when he was asleep, she remembered that much. Those long, dark eyelashes... No, her private life was a total no-go area if she wanted to survive this. Matt DeLeo should remain as secret or at least as low-key as possible. And what was she doing trying to be nice to this man, anyway? He was blackmailing her, for God's sake! The wine must be strong.

She swallowed a spicy slice of potato and then wiped the red sauce off her lips with a napkin. "I know nothing about you, so the random inappropriate remark is going to be inevitable. We didn't get to talk that much in Sanibel. Correction, we did talk, but it was pretty much nonsense."

"Did you even want to talk?"

"What do you mean?"

He tapped his fork annoyingly against the edge of a plate. "You seemed more interested in my tattoos than anything else."

She was tempted to ask him now why he had chosen the bold swirling ink that seemed to be inspired by the sea. The vivid strokes of color were still imprinted on her mind from the night they had spent together in spite of her inebriation. She decided against asking. "They intrigued me, especially that cute little turtle."

"Past tense?"

"Everything that was nice and fun and honest seems past tense right now."

"I guess that has to be my fault? Or is it yours?"

She shrugged. "Must be karma. Or God. Or a Hobbit, who the hell knows."

"I'm the same as I was a week ago, Piper. We just changed towns, that's all."

She shook her head vehemently. "No, no you're not."

"Because I have money and a suit and a conservative work ethic? I'm still an opportunistic scumbag, believe me."

"Oh, I do believe you." She put her hand over the top of her glass to stop him from refilling it with sangria. "I just never imagined you'd turn out to be such an accomplished opportunist scumbag. Admitting to being an itinerant drifter is one thing, but blackmail and stealing panties for leverage is quite another. I can see why you've been so successful in business, Matt. You're selfish, ruthless, and nothing gets in the way of what you want."

His jaw dropped for a second and his smile faltered. "But you still love me, right?"

Their eyes locked for longer than she was comfortable with. She'd gone too far by being so harsh, but it was too late to take it back. "Sorry, that came out a little stronger than I intended."

He put down the sangria jug and nodded toward the hand that was still clamped over her glass. "Maybe you're right. Things are different now that we're back in Colorado. Or you are. Restraint wasn't in your vocabulary a few days ago."

It was none of his business, but she was going to put him straight. "A couple of days ago I had decided to get blind drunk a few thousand miles away from my hometown and have a one-night stand with a complete stranger. It was a really stupid, immature thing to do, but I wasn't thinking clearly at the time and I just wanted to lash out somehow."

"And I was the lucky guy to get hurt?"

A stab of guilt stalled her for a moment. "Hurt? For real? That was never my intention. Besides, it was you going on about being a drifter and an opportunist, remember? Walking away from a one-night stand of consensual, no-strings lust does not equate with hurt."

"Okay, I was offended, and upset because I wanted to see you again."

"Looks like you got what you wanted in that case." She needed this conversation to end and its subject matter to never resurface again. "You might as well know I behaved like I did because I'd been hurt badly. The man who said he loved me dumped me for a teenage cocktail waitress on Christmas Eve. It's not a great excuse, but it's the truth, and for what it's worth, I'm not particularly proud of myself."

Matt screwed up his face in disgust. "What a jerk."

"Something like that." His words pleased her. Stanley was a jerk and not just for dumping her like he had. "So you'll understand why dating, relationships, all that kind of thing is totally off the menu for me right now. Probably for good."

"But you still have needs, hence Sanibel. I was a kind of sexy tapas, just a taste of what could be something much more substantial."

"Clever analogy." She pushed away her glass and looked him in the eye. They were such a dark brown they were almost black, like molasses. "But I'm too bruised and bitter to do anybody any good right now, however genuine they are, however pleasant or attractive they may appear."

"Is that a back handed compliment?"

She sighed and looked out of the window at the front of the bar. Snow was beginning to fall. "Matt, I'm only here because if I don't go along with your crazy plan, you'll make sure I never get paid temp work in Passion Creek again, ruin my reputation, and harm my business in the process, so let's not pretend otherwise. And, as you've pointed out, the beer campaign could be good for my own business, too, so I might not have to work for that rotten agency again. But we have to keep this strictly business from now on."

He frowned, following the direction of her gaze. "Okay, I'll keep it strictly business for as long as you do."

"Which will be until the bitter end at your PCB No. 68 official launch. I still need a firm date for that."

"Agreed, and you'll know as soon as I do about the launch date. I'll get that list of publicity-related appointments and social engagements emailed to you in the next few hours. But to give you a head start, we have a gallery opening to attend in a few days' time, swiftly followed by an associate's wedding. Dress code is ultra-expensive. It's being billed as the Passion Creek wedding of the year."

"So far." Piper was impressed at how she'd managed to get those two words to drip with sarcasm.

"Not your kind of thing right now, understandably, but it's a dress-to-impress occasion. Even I might wear a tie."

"I'm sure I have something suitable in my closet."

"No, here's something to tide you over until I can get a company credit card processed for you." He handed over a roll of bills and a business card. "Should cover some nice shoes and stuff. This season's, please. And my card has all my contact details in case you need to check anything with me."

"There's nothing wrong with my own shoes."

He pressed his lips together in a frown. "Strictly business, remember? That's what you wanted, so that's what you'll get. Now I'm not expecting you to turn up at the brewery's finance department anymore and I'm giving you a couple of days, paid, to make arrangements to cover your own business affairs, which is pretty good of me. So don't argue with the boss, please, just go out and buy a more appropriate wardrobe."

Piper bit her tongue and forced a brittle smile.

Jerk.

Chapter Four

Piper ground her teeth as she waited for her friend Melanie to arrive at the Passion Creek Beanery coffee house that afternoon. Had Matt DeLeo meant to be so patronizing by telling her to buy new clothes that morning?

She found it hard to believe she'd allowed him to get away with it if he had, but her head was all over the place and unable to mentally process what had happened to her in the last few days, how her life had suddenly been taken over and turned upside-down. She needed to talk to someone she trusted to help her get some kind of perspective and lovely, dependable, secret-keeping Melanie was always there as a shoulder to cry on.

"Hi babe." Melanie's voice had a tinkly quality to it that reminded Piper of the candy store doorbell of her childhood, instantly soothing. "Half-shot latte? Or something stronger?"

"Americano," Piper said grimly.

Melanie's eyes widened and her pink glossed lips formed an O. "Understood."

"Thanks, sweetie," Piper said a few moments later as she threaded her fingers through the handle of the coffee mug. "Thanks for coming at such short notice. It's damn freezing out there today, isn't it?"

"Sure is. I'm wishing I could take some time off and hit the beach, like you just did." Melanie put a cookie down on the table and grinned. "So did you get enough shells and stuff in Sanibel?"

"Yeah."

"You met someone, didn't you?"

This was unusually direct for Melanie, but her friend was almost psychic about these things and she had told her on the phone that she needed an emergency advice summit. "Um..."

"You're kidding me? Ohmygod. Spill!"

"It was nothing. A one-night stand. We were drunk."

"But you still-"

"Yes."

"And?"

"And nothing. It was hot, but it's history. One night, five hours flying time away."

Melanie wiped crumbs off her mouth and swallowed a bite of cookie quickly. "Tell! Tell me all about him."

"He just happened. He was therapy. An attempt to get Stanley out of my head for good." Melanie's mossy green eyes were wide like saucers and she nodded for Piper to continue. "He was the hottest guy I ever...but that's it. I left before he woke up." Which wasn't strictly true, but nobody needed to know she'd bolted while she thought he was in the bathroom.

"Aw."

"Yep, I'm a total bitch."

"You left him a note though, right?"

"No, bitches don't leave notes, now do they?"

Melanie rolled her eyes to the ceiling and tipped her head from side to side as she weighed the argument. "That was kind of rude of you."

"Yes, I know."

Melanie fidgeted with exasperation. "You're not saying much. More detail!"

"Concentrate on eating that thing or you'll choke." Piper waved her coffee spoon at the offending baked good. "I need you conscious and lucid right now."

"What did he look like?"

Piper sighed and let the spoon fall with a clatter onto the table. She was exhausted and she had dragged her friend away from her wedding planning business at one of her busiest times. "Oh, I don't know, a cross between Brandon Flowers, Adam Levine, and Robert Downey, Jr. Younger than the real Downey, though."

"That's a relief." Melanie did a duh face. "Sounds pretty good to me."

"He was or, at least, that's the way it seemed by the time we'd drank all the rum on Sanibel Island." The memory of all that alcohol made her stomach gurgle. "Fewer tattoos than Levine, but pretty ones. And he was bigger."

"Bigger?"

"Muscles! Talk about a filthy mind." Piper thought Matt had muscles like granite. "And maybe bigger in the other department, who knows? I've never had a one-night stand with the other three."

Melanie bit down on her bottom lip with excitement. "So he was-"

"Enough questions. Eat up, so we can talk seriously. You really might choke when I tell you what happened today." Piper wasn't ready to admit she felt guilty about leaving Sanibel the way she did, no note, no thanks for a great time and all that. He'd been in the right place at the right time and she had used him. He was totally right about that.

"Okay, I'm done." Melanie popped the last piece of food into her mouth and grinned. "I can't wait to hear this!"

A few minutes later Piper had told Melanie everything about Matt DeLeo from start to finish, and Piper was breathless and light-headed from talking so fast. "So, to summarize, I'm being blackmailed by the one-night-stand who turns out to be my new boss, and I feel totally stressed. Got any ideas how I can make it all go away?"

Melanie slid her fingertips over the screen of her iPhone. "The definition of the verb blackmail is to demand money from someone in return for not revealing compromising information about them or to force someone to do something by using threats or manipulating their feelings."

"Not helping so far, darling."

"He's not demanding money from you, is he?"

"There'd be little point in that now, would there? He's a millionaire and I'm broke. But he is using threats, the temp agency, and the things I allegedly told him when I was drunk that could affect my business, remember? Not to mention the panties he hasn't given back, God help me, and anyway, he admitted he was blackmailing me."

Melanie put her phone slowly down on the table and pursed her lips thoughtfully. "Fair enough, but it's just a word, really. If you take a step back and look at this with a cold, clear heart, it's the nicest form of blackmail imaginable."

"What? Judas!"

Melanie shrugged. "Sometimes the truth hurts, and sometimes we can't even see it until somebody points it out. That's why you called me here today, isn't it? For some perspective? For some candid advice?"

What a shitty day this was turning out to be. "I guess so, but-"

"But nothing. You were attracted enough to this guy to have a one-night stand and it was hot, so he's not repulsive. And he's not demanding you become his sex slave for a month. You're flat broke, and this job will pay over three times what you could possibly earn temping. You get to have a brand new wardrobe and attend a bunch of awesome events instead of counting beans in a back office with a bunch of nasty women and bitter men. And the business opportunities will be amazing! Use this to your advantage. Make it work for you."

"It's humiliating! He's manipulating me."

Melanie suddenly looked stern. "He's not doing anything that you didn't willingly allow Stanley to do. Stanley never helped you in any way at all. He dragged you down and shoved your face in the dirt, remember?"

Piper felt her cheeks heat-the truth did hurt. "I wish people had told me how much they hated him when we were together."

"Nobody wanted to hurt you, Pipes," Melanie said softly. "And would you have listened?"

Piper sighed. "No, I wouldn't. I'd have dumped everyone in a rage and Stanley would have had me completely isolated from anything that distracted me from him."

"That's what real manipulators do. It got to the point where he'd be derogatory to you in public and you wouldn't even defend yourself anymore. It hurt me to have to stand by and keep my mouth shut."

"Thanks for sticking with me, Mel. Those were some bad years. I can't believe I let him crush my self-esteem like he did. He even ran me down in front of his boss, for God's sake."

"You can see it now, that's the important thing, and now it's time to move on. Move upward. You're free from him and all the toxicity of that relationship."

"So the upshot of what you're saying is that I should go along with what DeLeo wants me to do and just grin and bear it?"

"I say it could be a whole lot worse and you might actually enjoy yourself."

"Jesus, that's what he said!"

"Looks like you're outvoted then." Melanie drained the last of her coffee and slipped the strap of her purse over her shoulder. "And I have a hunch that the wedding of the year you're going to in a couple of weeks is one of my commissions because we have pink beer at the banquet. You might even recognize the coral tealight holders you sold me. So I'll see you there, looking fabulous and very expensive at the bankable brewer's expense."

Piper watched Melanie leave, and then squeezed her eyes shut tight against the world. Her fate was apparently sealed.

The walk from the coffee shop to the retail premises that Silver Bells and Cockle Shells shared with other craft stores and then back to her apartment was a vicious experience. The weather had been growing progressively worse and now high winds lashed bitter snowflakes into her face and hair. By the time she'd walked down Fourth Street, she wished she'd taken a cab to avoid this hell. The streets were emptying fast so she couldn't expect any walk-in customers. At least she'd managed to get her stock updated in the ten minutes she'd spent at her store and arranged some cover for the times when she wouldn't be around.

Sophie was supposed to take some of it on anyway, her way of repaying Piper for putting a roof over her head, picking up her mess, and feeding her. Something told Piper she was getting the rough end of the deal, but family was family and she was sure Sophie would put herself out in the same way if their situations were reversed. Maybe.

Outside her apartment in the freezing cold, she fumbled with her keys as she tried to get the right one in the lock, but her fingers were clumsy and the key ring fell with a clatter onto the metal walkway. "Damn it." The awkward grind of the lock mechanism seemed even more infuriating than usual, the last twist of the knife after a painful day. Her tiny foyer was dark, biting cold, and silent. Until a pitiful mewl came from deep inside the gloom.

"Sophie?" The place was empty. Piper put her purse on the telephone table in the hall and shrugged off her coat so as not to trail melting snow through the place. Icy fingers of dread crept up her spine as she acknowledged her furnace had probably broken down again, just what she needed. She flicked on the front room's light and saw the pregnant cat curled up on the sofa.

"Has Soph abandoned you, kitty?" Her attention was caught by a sheet of paper taped to the television screen.

Dear Piper, had a chat with Mom and Dad and they said I could come visit for a few days, maybe even move back if things work out. You were right about telling me to try to make up. They don't seem nearly so mad with me now. :0)

There was no hot water this morning and it's really cold!

Sophie

P.S. The cat got its tail stuck in the bathroom door, but it looks okay.

xoxoxoxoxo

Her heart sank. The cat was mewling and had been licking at the end of her tail since she'd come in. Closer inspection revealed that the end of it had been degloved. A pink shiny tip protruded from the gray fur and made Piper want to wince. It must hurt like hell, poor thing.

"Shame on you, Sophie Reilly," she muttered quietly so as not to distress the animal further. "This cat is not okay, are you, kitty?"

At five p.m., it was far too late to get a veterinary appointment as a new patient. She should have found a vet earlier, but life had just got out of hand in the last few weeks, so she needed to think fast. There was a late night drop-in vet clinic on the outskirts of Passion Creek. She'd seen the signs for it a few times when she'd been on the way to the shell wholesalers. That would be her best bet, and the quicker she got there, the better with the way the weather was turning.

Five minutes later, having changed into jeans and a sweater, she was on the highway out of town with a snarling cat strapped into the front seat in a cardboard box. The cat was not happy and the noise coming out of the box was pretty much the same as a child screaming-absolutely horrible and very distracting. The snow was also falling faster in great thick lumps that hit the windshield and splattered into wet bursts, battering the windshield wipers that struggled to keep up with the onslaught.

"Not far now, kitty," she soothed and turned the heater up full blast. It made the old Dodge Intrepid smell like a junkyard, an unpleasant combination of hot electrics, burning dust, and ancient air conditioning gas. "Just another couple of miles, sweetheart."

Perhaps the sound of the radio would calm both their nerves. Some local radio was bland enough: easy listening, local news stories, nothing too abrasive.

...polar vortex forecasted to cause extreme weather conditions in Passion Creek over the next two days. Residents are advised not to venture out unless absolutely necessary. Shortages of batteries, milk, and bread in stores have already been reported. Stay indoors and please do not call on the emergency services unless the situation is critical.

Piper turned the radio sharply off. "Great." The cardboard box of pregnant cat rocked in the car seat like something possessed. "We're three quarters of the way there, might as well keep going now. Maybe they'll have a nice big dog basket I can crash in overnight, huh?"

She smiled to herself, hoping that the physical process of making those facial muscles work would kick off a feel-good hormone or something, and then her heart skipped a beat. A warning light on the dashboard was blinking on and off, silent but as effective as a red-hot needle near her eyeball. The symbol looked like a chunky toy submarine and had the word check underneath. "Check what?" Her hands suddenly felt clammy on the steering wheel and she wasn't all that cold anymore. She swallowed and stared hard at the road ahead that was quickly disappearing under the snow.

"Just a silly light, cat, nothing that can't wait until we can get to Mike the Mechanic in a couple of days. Absolutely nothing to worry about."

She turned off the heater to be on the safe side and gritted her teeth hard. There was a vibration, probably just the road surface, which reminded her that she hadn't looked at the tread on her tires lately. She eased off the gas although her instinct was to put her foot down and get to the vet clinic as quickly as possible, but she couldn't risk skidding in this kind of weather. Maybe she had a slow puncture... God, she hated having to drive anywhere in this heap of scrap metal.

The vehicle was losing speed as the road sloped uphill, but putting her foot down didn't make much difference, and the vibrating became intermittent lurching that had her developing a panic attack. She couldn't stop; she had to keep going.

"Shit." The fear in her voice was audible and that made her even more frightened. Her knuckles tightened around the steering wheel and adrenaline prickled her forehead. "This is all your fault, Sophie, just wait till I get a hold of you." And then one last grinding lurch and the engine spluttered and stalled.

Piper tried the ignition, but after a few whiny attempts it became clear it wasn't going to play. So it wasn't a flat tire. It was a dying, possibly now dead car. Perfect. Her chest felt like someone was clenching a fist inside of it. "Deep breaths, Piper, this is going to turn out okay." She unclipped her seat belt and strained to reach her purse on the backseat to get her cell phone. The cat started to growl in a deep, threatening way, and she wondered if anyone had ever been savaged to death and then eaten by a pregnant domesticated cat.

To her relief, the cell phone showed a healthy signal so she could call Melanie and ask her to come and rescue her. Her buddy Kira was probably closer, but she didn't want to bother her. She'd had such a hard time since her aunt and guardian had died and, right now, she had her hands full with her old boyfriend, Max. Kira texted earlier that Max had refused to leave town like he was supposed to, and Piper hadn't gotten the feeling that was a bad thing. The last thing she wanted to do was interrupt a hot reunion between the two.

Her dad was out of the question, too. His car was more of a wreck than the stupid Dodge she was stranded in right now, so there'd probably be two of them who'd need rescuing by the end of the night.

The phone felt cold against her ear and she had an awful sense of foreboding about how this was going to turn out. "Come on, Mel, pick up..." Her call went to voicemail.

Now was the perfect time to regret not investing in some AAA emergency roadside assistance. The cardboard box was starting to take on a life of its own and it sounded as if the angry cat was trying to claw and scratch her way to freedom. Once the cat was out of the box, she'd be in serious trouble. There hadn't even been a passing vehicle to flag down in the last few minutes.

"I'm going to have to swallow my pride and do the unthinkable, aren't I?" She sighed deeply and slid Matt's business card out of the credit card slot of her cell phone cover. "Talk about humiliating."

He picked up immediately, too quickly for her to change her mind. "DeLeo." His voice exuded calm and confidence, and she pictured him lounging on an expensive chair in a cocoon of warmth with a nicely chilled bottle of beer close at hand.

"It's me, Piper."

"I know."

"Oh yes, silly me, I forgot you know everything about me including my cell phone number."

"You were added to my VIP contact list within seconds of dropping your card. I had every intention of seeing you again whatever happened." He paused as if expecting a reaction, but Piper's lips were pressed together. "But anyway, this is a nice surprise. I didn't expect to hear from you for a few days. Been shopping yet?"

"This isn't a social call."

"Strictly business, you really meant that?"

"This is an emergency call."

His tone sharpened. "Go on."

"My car's broken down halfway up Spring Canyon Road and I can't get a hold of anyone else right now."

"You're out there in these conditions? Don't you listen to the radio or TV? What the hell did you think you were doing?"

"I'm not calling you for a damn lecture, DeLeo. I need rescuing and I figure if there's anyone I know with a big, kick-ass four-by-four, off-road type pretentious vehicle, it's likely to be you. Am I right?"

"I have a Porsche parked downstairs."

"Damn, is that a two-seater?"

"Yep. Are you getting picky about how you get rescued?"

"Fine, I guess I'll have to balance the cat on my lap."

"The cat? What the-"

"Look, I'll tell you all about it when you get here. Just hurry up before I freeze to death. So will you come and get me?" She closed her eyes and swallowed hard. "Or do I have to beg?"

Chapter Five

Matt stared straight ahead as the windshield wipers of his four-by-four thrashed back and forth, barely clearing the snowfall before it obliterated his view again. You had to be a certifiable maniac to be out on a night like this. He had an excuse, but what was Piper Reilly's? And what was going on with the damn cat?

He had no idea what kind of car he was looking for and hoped she had the sense to put her lights on. Then he berated himself for not finding out what she was driving and for not telling her what to do. Not that she'd take kindly to being issued instructions by him, anyway.

The engine roared as the road began to climb and he was glad of a vehicle that could cope with terrain. His Porsche was nice and the ladies loved it, but it wasn't designed for winters in Colorado-just a toy for around town most of the time.

It was forecasted to get very nasty, very quickly, so he wanted to get this situation resolved. A bolt of excitement zapped up his spine as he rounded the hill and the road leveled out, revealing a car, dark blue by the looks of the portions that weren't covered by a layer of snow. The headlights were on and blazing through the blizzard. "Smart woman," he whispered.

He pulled up close behind the car, killed the engine, and leaped out. The rear window was completely white, and the driver's side window was steamed up. He rapped his knuckles against the glass. "Come on, get out of there!" he called out, and the words seemed to be carried away on a gust of icy wind.

"Stop shouting and hold the cat," she yelled back as the door swung violently open. He jumped back to avoid being slammed backward into a snowdrift.

He grabbed the cardboard box she thrust into his arms and almost dropped it as the feline thrashed about inside. "Jesus, you sure this is just a cat?"

"She's deeply unhappy." Piper lunged back into the car, took the keys out of the ignition, and grabbed her purse. "And that doesn't look much like a Porsche."

"That's because it isn't. You got grouchy about that, remember?"

Her eyebrows snapped together accusingly. "I so did not get grouchy."

"Well, you sound grouchy now." He turned toward the Land Rover. "Get in quickly, we shouldn't be hanging around out here. It's getting hazardous."

It was a relief to get back into the muffled warmth of the car after a few moments out in the biting cold. Even the cardboard box on the backseat seemed a little calmer strapped neatly against the soft upholstery. "So are you going to tell me what you're doing out here with a box of cat in a snowstorm?"

"I was taking her to the drop-in vet clinic a couple of miles farther on, but now you are."

"I am?" He looked across at her and was captivated by a tiny snowflake clinging to the tip of one of her eyelashes. It melted within seconds and dripped onto her cheek.

"You are." She wiped the snow drip away with the back of her hand and glared at him. "So can we get moving, please?"

There was no point sitting there arguing about it. Another few miles wasn't going to make too much difference, or at least he hoped it wouldn't. He started the engine and she seemed to wilt back into the seat with relief. She looked even more shattered than she had this morning. "I know where it is, we'll be there pretty soon. What's up with your pussy?"

Piper threw him an acidic look. "The cat has an injured tail that needs seeing to."

"What happened to it?"

"Someone shut the bathroom door on it by the looks of things." She shrugged irritably. "My clumsy sister, I suspect, but she fled back to our parents before I could interrogate her."

"That's one problem off your hands in that case. Dump the cat and we can go to Antigua for a week."

"You seem to have conveniently forgotten about your launch campaign and the fact you need me to pose for the camera a few times." She raised her eyebrows at him. "I'm not dumping anyone or anything. Besides, we may all freeze to death before the airports reopen, and I fully expect my sister to come rolling back after a few days back in Mommy's strict, clean, organized domain."

"A mom who cleans and cooks? You don't know how lucky you are."

"You sound bitter. Or am I imagining it?"

Was he bitter about his mother? Possibly. He felt pretty sour about the fact he'd only met his musician father once and his mom hadn't seemed to do anything to keep him in his life, but she insisted it was for the best in the long run. Perhaps his mom had been right, but she'd been far from maternal herself; it wouldn't have hurt to try and cook a Thanksgiving dinner just once.

"Your sister sounds like a pain," he said, ignoring her question, and then coughed awkwardly into a clenched fist.

To his surprise, she laughed. "She is, but you don't get to choose your family, do you?"

"Hell no." A yellow road sign was just visible under a layer of white frosting and she let out a long breath beside him. "We're here," he said. "Everything's going to be fine now."

"I forgot to thank you." There was a throaty edge to her words. "I was stressed, and I'm sorry for being rude back there."

"I was raised on rude, don't worry." He turned to see a soft smile on those plump pink lips and his belly quivered. How badly did he want to kiss them again? So much it made his teeth ache. "Let's get inside."

The lobby of the veterinary clinic was deserted apart from the receptionist and a harried-looking man carrying a parrot in a cage.

"How can I help you?" the petite blonde said sweetly, a twinkle behind her half-moon spectacles as she looked from one to the other.

"It's my cat," Piper said quickly. "She's pregnant and somehow all the fur has been stripped off the end of her tail."

"Ouch," said Blondie. "Poor thing, we'll get her in to see a vet right away. Now what's her name?"

Piper's cheeks flushed as both Matt and the receptionist waited on her reply. "Her name? Well, we never really got around to giving her one. We just call her cat. Or kitty."

"Right...so can I take your name?"

"Reilly. Piper Reilly. And she's not really mine, that's why she hasn't got a name. We found her on our back step, cold, wet, and very bony apart from her big fat tummy."

"I see. And that will probably mean you have no insurance coverage?"

"Well, no, but-"

Matt saw Piper's face drop and a look of hopelessness veil it. "We can cover the fees," he said firmly. "It's not a problem." The look she gave him was all the thanks he needed.

The receptionist flashed a receptionist's smile and slid over a set of forms. "Then Dr. Uvi, our on-duty vet, will see you right away. You can fill these out while you're in there. I'm sure you'll be the last patient he'll see today. I'm going to head home before this weather gets any worse." She flicked off her computer screen. "Good luck with Cat Reilly."

"Thanks." Matt bent to pick up the box. "I'd better come in with you. It could be a two-man job by the sounds she's making in there."

Piper bit her bottom lip as the cat made a sound like the howling wind outside. "I hope Dr. Uvi has gauntlets."

"And a chainmail pullover." He heaved the box up to his chest as the beast within slid heavily from side to side, the sound of claws scraping ominously. He hoped the box would hold out. He turned back to the receptionist, who was already pulling on her coat. "Before you head off, can I buy one of those pet carriers you've got behind there? I think the snow may get the better of this box by the end of the night."

"Sure," she said with a more genuine smile this time. "We can just add it to the final bill. What color do you want?"

Matt turned to Piper questioningly. "Not pink?"

She frowned, but there was a hint of a smile about her mouth. "Not pink." He watched her apple green gaze roam over the shelving. "I wouldn't normally choose anything beige, but in this case I think the alternatives will freak Miss Cat out."

The veterinarian, Dr. Uvi, was a thin man in his mid-twenties with more than a few hours' beard growth on his face. He smiled and tapped on the records screen next to the examination table. "So..." His accent sounded Eastern European. "We have a pregnant cat with an injured tail, correct?"

"That's right," Piper said as he tentatively pried apart the cardboard flaps on top of the box. "I came home and found her like this. She seems to be in pain by the way she's licking and fussing over her tail."

The vet gently lifted the large bundle of fur from the box. The cat was so startled, or stressed perhaps, that she hunched stiffly on the cold surface and made no attempt to escape or lash out. "Hi there, kitty, I'm not going to hurt you." He carefully eased her tail out from under her back legs. "And her name is?"

Matt heard Piper exhale shortly through her nose. "Cat."

The doctor looked up at her briefly and appeared to decide it would be best to concentrate on the animal in front of him.

"You should give the poor thing a name," Matt whispered as the vet felt around the cat's abdomen and peered into her eyes with a slim mini-flashlight.

"I should do a lot of things," she hissed back. "But maybe you'd like to choose one as you're so generously footing the bill."

Man, she was prickly. "I'll take you up on that when we're out of here."

Her chin jerked upwards. "Good, you do that, Superman."

Matt leaned over and whispered into her ear. "Can you cut it out? You're making this guy feel uncomfortable when we should both be concerned for a distressed animal, not scoring points on who can be more snarky."

Piper leaned away and frowned like he had a bad smell around him. "I didn't want to give her a name because I was convinced her real owner would show up. She's such a pretty thing. I didn't want to get too emotionally attached in case..." She shrugged and looked at the floor.

"Ah, I see." Dr. Uvi clicked his light off and rubbed his chin. "Then maybe we should see if she has a microchip before we go any further?"

Matt watched Piper's shoulders tense as she said, "Cats can have microchips?"

The vet nodded. "I'd be surprised to find a nice Bengal like this without one."

"Is that what she is? I wondered what breed she was with that spotty tummy and those big markings." The vet picked up a white plastic paddle-shaped device and Piper's hand flew to her chest. "So if there's a microchip, she goes back to her owner?"

An uncomfortable silence followed. Uvi shrugged and gave Matt a loaded look. Piper's eyes suddenly looked over-bright and her chin quivered for a second until Matt reached out and put his hand on her shoulder. "It would be the right thing to do," he murmured as Dr. Uvi waved the microchip wand up and down the length of the cat's body.

"No chip," Dr. Uvi said with a smile. "I'll just check the online missing cat register. How long have you had her with you?"

"About a month," Piper murmured and looked at her toes. "I put an ad in the local newspaper and some posters in store windows around town, but nobody's come forward."

"That was exactly the right thing to do. Generally, if an original owner can't be traced within a week, you can consider her yours." He looked at her seriously. "If that's what you both want to do. Pets are a huge commitment."

"Um, we're not together actually," Piper said awkwardly.

Matt responded to the vet's curious look. "Just a friend."

"But I want to keep her," Piper added. "And I'll take good care of her."

"Okay, that's the good news out of the way." Dr. Uvi tickled the fur between the cat's ears. "I can't save the exposed bit of her tail. I'm afraid it needs to be amputated-just half an inch or so, and it won't affect her long term."

Piper looked alarmed. "Are you sure?"

"I'm sure." His voice dropped into a sympathetic tone. "I would never resort to surgery unless absolutely necessary, but it's the kindest thing to do. She's in pain and at high risk of infection. Cats are very good at hiding pain, it's a defense mechanism, but trust me when I say she's hurting and will be much happier if I operate."

As if in agreement, the cat snapped her head around and attacked the end of her tail, her claws skittering on the smooth surface of the examination table as she spun around twice before being restrained by the vet.

"Poor little thing," Piper said and sniffed. "Please, just fix her."

"I'd say her pregnancy is about halfway through, which gives us four or five weeks to get the op done and for her to recover before she births." Dr. Uvi made soothing noises, but held the cat firmly. "So should I book her in for you?"

She nodded and a tear slipped from under her closed eyelids and ran down her cheek. Matt felt a sick lurch in the pit of his stomach. The silent, raw emotion emanating from her was almost tangible and his throat ached as he reached out, took her cold hand in his, and squeezed. She squeezed his hand back and sniffed quietly.

"I'll put a dressing on the site for now so she doesn't worry it and make things worse." Dr. Uvi clicked away at his keyboard. "She'll be fine with that for a couple of days. Just make sure she doesn't rip it off, and I'll give you some pain meds to take with you today. I would book you in first thing in the morning, but looking at the weather forecast, there's no guarantee that any of us will make it out here too easily."

"Okay." Piper frowned as she watched him fill a syringe. "What's that?"

"Antibiotics." The cat snarled and hissed as he approached with the needle, suddenly very much awake and feeling the need to vent her displeasure at all this indignity. "And I'll need to shave some more fur from the tail. The surgical site needs to be clean near that wound and, well, you might not want to know the details of the operation, but it is necessary, so we might as well do it now. Perhaps you'd like to wait outside while I get the nurse to help me?"

Matt sensed from the look Dr. Uvi shot him that things were about to get more stressful and Piper was already clearly upset.

"Come on, we can fill out all those forms outside and grab a coffee from the vending machine," Matt said. She just nodded and turned her back before she could see the vet nod at him. "I could certainly do with a hot drink."

Fifteen minutes of listening to chilling howls from the lobby later, and a harassed looking veterinary nurse emerged carrying the beige pet carrier. "She's a feisty madam, that's for sure!" She put the box on the floor and handed Piper a box of medication. "Instructions are printed on the box. Keep her as quiet, warm, and inactive as you can. She's booked in for the op the day after tomorrow and we've put a cone on her. She went for the tail a couple of times so the doctor's not sure she can be trusted with that bandage. Try to keep it on her if you can."

"Oh poor baby," Piper crooned through the slats of the carrier and a claw shot out. "I'd be angry, too, sweetheart."

Matt settled the bill, thanked the nurse, and picked up the box. "I'll carry her to the car. We'll need to be quick if we want to make it back into town. It's getting bad out there."

Piper grabbed the sleeve of his jacket.

"Are you a humane and understanding person behind all the CEO stuff?"

"What?"

"I need another favor."

"Go on."

"Could you keep the cat at your place for the night?"

"Why? You scared of her now? If you don't want to keep her after all, nobody will judge you."

"Can you or not? I think my furnace is broken again and I won't be able to get a guy out until tomorrow or even later with this storm. It's going to be really cold and I don't think she's going to take kindly to crawling under a blanket with me tonight."

"Piper, are you crazy? It's supposed to be the coldest night in years. What makes you think you're going to have a great night with or without the cat?"

The strip light in the lobby flickered. "I'll be fine, but I'm worried about her. I'd never forgive myself if-"

"Neither would I, and we have no way of knowing how long this storm is going to last." He put the carrier down and stared through the glass double doors for a moment. Somebody needed to keep an eye on Piper whether she liked it or not. Independent and sassy she may well be, but he needed her in the next few weeks and he wasn't about to let his best-laid plans fall apart. His concern was purely practical, and had nothing to do with the image his mind was torturing him with: a picture of her shivering under a thin blanket in the dark. Alone, worrying about her feral cat, possibly sobbing... "Are your folks in Passion Creek? Could I take you both there?"

She looked horrified. "No way. Sophie's making the place crowded as it is, and my mom doesn't like pets because of the way they shed. She's OCD on the cleaning front. Besides, I'm a big girl and I have blankets. I'll be fine."

He shook his head. "A buddy, then? You can't spend a night like this alone in sub-zero temperatures with no heating."

Her face lit up. "Genius idea, why didn't I think of that? Yes, my friend Melanie will let us stay the night, no problem. I'll call her on the way."

"Excellent, then let's get out of here."

Piper jabbed at the screen of her phone irritably. She'd tried five times to send a text to Melanie and each time it had bounced back as undelivered. Her network coverage was virtually non-existent, but what choice did she have but to keep trying to call?

"Can't get a text to go through. She wasn't answering earlier," she muttered, half to herself, half to Matt. "And damn, now that I've got a signal, I'm going straight to voicemail again."

Matt raised his voice over the lash of the windshield wipers thrashing back and forth in the screaming wind. "What if she's not there?"

Piper continued to listen to Melanie's voice recording. "She will be."

"Can you be absolutely sure about that? What if she's not?"

She frowned at the question and then her hands flew to her mouth as the road ahead disappeared beneath a wall of falling snow and rock. "Watch out!"

"Shit," Matt growled and braked so quickly and so hard it was like being kicked by a horse in the chest when the seat belts activated. He swerved the car to the left, avoiding hitting the six-foot-high wall, but coming perilously close to the mountainside of the road-harsh, black jagged, unforgiving rock. His breath came out in short bursts. Even Superman had his limits, it seemed. The engine whined. "That was close."

"Holy crap." Piper heard the shake in her voice, but it was okay to be scared and in a state of shock. They could have been buried alive or crushed to death if he hadn't reacted so quickly. Even the cat had fallen silent.

Matt took a deep breath, gripped the steering wheel, and closed his eyes briefly. "Nobody this side of that avalanche is going back to Passion Creek tonight." His eyes opened and they were dark and serious when they connected with hers. "Before you say anything, I'm not going to argue with you, Piper, okay?" He looked edgy, but maybe he was in shock, too. "I'm taking you to my cabin."

"Oh no, I don't think-"

"No, don't think about it at all because you have no choice." He snatched his cell phone out of his jacket pocket and jabbed at the screen for a few seconds. "We have no choice. If we don't get shelter in the next fifteen minutes or so we could be in serious trouble."

He carefully turned the car around and she could see a muscle working in his jaw as he concentrated on the maneuver. She wanted to protest, to try and find some other way of not being taken into the middle of nowhere with Matt DeLeo, but was too frightened by their brush with death to even speak as they roared off. They passed by the veterinary center again and neither of them spoke to confirm what she had suspected and feared. All the lights were out, even in the parking lot, which Matt's headlights showed was now empty.

"Power's out," he announced flatly and squinted through the windshield. Visibility had gone beyond poor to verging on the impossible. "Hold tight. Five miles."

Piper squeezed her eyes shut against the black and white whirlpool of the ferocious, unforgiving night. She was clenching her fists the way she did in the dentist's chair and she had a tension headache brewing. Not surprising. Just five miles and they would be safe and another nightmare would take its place; she'd be stranded with Matt DeLeo, on his territory, with no polite means of escape, and no clean underwear. It truly had been the shittiest of days and it wasn't over yet. If it wasn't for the poor little cat...

"Some cabin," Piper muttered as the car ground to a slithering halt and she finally opened her eyes. The sight that greeted her was like something off a Christmas card or one of those sentimental jigsaw puzzles that Aunt Mabel would spend the winter putting together. Toffee-colored wood gables were topped with a thick layer of snow, and neat wooden railings ran around the front porch and upstairs balcony. "It looks like an enormous gingerbread house."

"Thanks," he murmured and killed the engine.

Light streaming out of the downstairs windows like golden inquisitive eyes made Piper uneasy. "And it looks like somebody's already home." Hell, she'd never even considered that he might have a live-in girlfriend.

"Remote instructions." He lifted up his cell phone for her to see. "This is all I need to activate the heating, lights, and intruder alarm. I can even preheat the oven if I want so everything's ready to go when I turn up cold and hungry."

"I wondered who you were texting after we almost got crushed. I thought it might be your girlfriend or something." It was a loaded statement, and maybe she shouldn't have said it.

His dark gaze burned into her and she felt a little quiver skitter up her spine. "I don't have a girlfriend. It's not something I do. Dates, flings, and sex, yes, but nothing long term," he said quietly. "Unless you're volunteering to up the stakes on our deal and persuade me to change my ways?"

She wasn't going to answer that; she couldn't because she didn't know what on earth to say in reply. "So," she coughed lightly. "What happens if the power's out like it is down the road? I don't suppose your remote control wizardry's much good in that case."

"There are backup generators, three of them."

"Not taking any chances, then?"

"I can't afford to because it's rented out most of the year. I don't want any bad reviews of the place on the internet because of something preventable like a power outage, and I take great pride in offering a deluxe rental experience."

"I guess it doesn't come cheap, either."

"No, it's ridiculously expensive, but that doesn't slow down business. There still seem to be plenty of executives out there with money to burn, world recession or not. I don't mind taking some of it off them."

"IT millionaires?"

"They come from different fields. IT, oil, banking, shipping, you name it, but I don't get too close to it all. An agency deals with it."

"Weeds out any trailer trash, too, I'll bet."

He laughed. "The security deposit tends to do that. We're lucky it's vacant for the next week. There was a last-minute cancellation."

"They must be bummed about that."

He shrugged. "It happens, life happens, and sometimes these hotshots have to give up one of their five holidays a year. They had insurance, and there's always next season. Hopefully the housekeeper will have made it in to clean up after the last people left."

"So it's your cabin, but you never actually live in it?"

"It's easier to stay in Passion Creek when I'm working here. It saves time and that means I get more work done. I can also walk back to wherever I'm staying if I put in a late shift at the Railway Tavern and I've had more than one beer."

"You're nutty. A multimillionaire and you choose to work behind a bar and rough it in a dive over a fried chicken takeout in Florida. I can't begin to think of what motivates you to do something like that."

"Billionaire. Now, let's get inside and you can question me as much as you like." A growl from the cat appeared to signal that she agreed with him completely.

Chapter Six

The ice-laden wind bit at her cheeks as they rushed from the safety of the car and up three steps to the covered porch that ran the length of the cabin front. Holding the cat box under his arm, Matt flipped open what at first seemed to be a wall-mounted mailbox by the door, but turned out to be something electronic-she should have anticipated that. He punched a series of digits into the keypad inside and the front door unlocked with a smooth whirr and a click.

He pushed the heavy wooden door open and indicated that she should enter, which she did very quickly. Stepping inside a great golden hall of warmth and polished wood, her gaze fell on a gas fireplace at the far side of the open-plan living room beneath a breathtaking cathedral ceiling. "It's gorgeous."

"Thanks," Matt said, shaking snowflakes off his shoes and holding his hand out to take her coat. "It'll take a little while longer to warm up, but I'll close the drapes to stop any drafts."

She glanced over her shoulder to see him pull a thick tapestry panel across the front door. "You don't have the drapes on your remote control?"

"Not yet." He laughed softly. "Next rainy day project."

The sound of a branch lashing against the roof in the wind made her shiver. "I'm so glad we're not out there anymore."

"Hopefully things will be calmer by morning." He glanced down at the unusually quiet pet carrier. "I guess I'd better get her some food and water. When did she last have anything?"

Piper kneeled down and peered through the slats in the pet carrier. "I fed her before I went to work this morning, but I didn't check if she'd eaten. Either way, she's well overdue for dinner, poor thing."

"We'll have to improvise. I don't keep any pet food here."

"Got any canned fish? I'll pay you for it. Tuna, salmon, sardines, something like that?"

"Yeah, there's tons of that kind of stuff in the pantry, but you don't need to pay for anything." He grinned and crouched down beside her. "And milk?"

She could feel the heat of his body, he was so close. "No, that'll upset her stomach. A lot of cats are lactose intolerant, so you shouldn't give them milk."

"Really?" His voice was soft and deep. "You learn something every day."

Piper swallowed and stared pointedly at the box, not daring to meet his gaze. They were just too close to each other. "Not a cat person, are you?"

"Nothing against cats, but I'm not a pet person at all."

"Too much responsibility?"

"Too much of a tie and too much potential heartache." He stood up abruptly and strode toward a large window. He pulled the thick drapes across it to shut out the black night. "The damn things have a tendency of dying before you do every time."

"I guess," she said and scratched her head. "Is there somewhere small and cozy we can put her? I think she might freak out if I let her loose in here. It's a huge room and being in another strange place and her being so stressed..."

"We can put her upstairs in the smallest loft room if you like."

"And maybe put some old blankets or something out? Your carpets are so nice and clean, I have a horrible feeling she may be tempted to do something unspeakable to them."

"You mean like-"

"She's capable of anything and everything after the day she's had." Not unlike her new owner.

"Follow me," he said, picking the carrier up gently and making a soothing noise as he did. "We'll get her fixed up."

Piper sat tensely in a large armchair in the loft room guarding the cat who had been released from her prison and was currently cowering in a corner of the room, looking deadly. They were doing their best in the circumstances, having fashioned a bed nest out of towels and blankets, but it wasn't as if the cat knew how hard they were trying.

Piper glanced around in the soft light from a lamp in the corner and thought how much the place looked like a show house. There were strategically placed interior bits and pieces, and there was a cozy feel to the place, but it was all far too tasteful and uncluttered to be anyone's home. It was a shame. It would be amazing to live so close to nature in the mountains, and yet enjoy such domestic luxury.

"Hi," Matt whispered as he inched around the door carrying a breakfast tray under his arm. "I remembered that cats crap and pee just like we do, so I've rigged up a litter box for our little princess."

"Good thinking." She smiled as he set the tray down on the floor and poured wood chips into it. "And innovative of you."

"Thanks. Do you think she'll use it?"

She rustled her fingertips over the surface of the chips to make a sound like scratching. "She's giving it a good look, so let's hope so, but if she doesn't, I promise to clean up any mess."

"Pets, I don't know why people put themselves through it. She hasn't even had the operation yet. Will you be able to handle it?"

Piper shrugged. "I don't have much choice now. She's officially registered as mine and I wouldn't abandon her anyway. I couldn't do that. If she was in a rescue center for more than a few weeks, they'd euthanize her."

"Euthanize her?" He made a low whistling noise through his teeth.

"Terrible, isn't it?"

He nodded and pulled the ring on a can of Albacore tuna, opening it. "Let's get some of this served up for the mom down there."

"Heck, give her too much stuff like that and she won't want to leave. Talk about luxury accommodation." She smiled as the cat stretched, almost as if she was pretending she hadn't caught a tantalizing whiff of the fish and was far, far above showing any interest. Yet, within a few moments of him forking it onto a dish, she was there, wolfing down the contents as if there was no tomorrow.

Matt poured some bottled water into a bowl. "Should we leave her to settle in now?"

"I think so," she said and pushed herself up from the armchair. "I was getting close to nodding off there myself."

Matt closed the loft room door behind them and they made their way quietly down the wooden stairs. "You're still soaked," he said and gestured for her to take off her shoes.

"So are you. It's no big deal."

"There are some spare clothes tucked away around the place. I'll dig them out and then we can get yours washed and dried."

Piper had to admit she was damp and uncomfortable. "No, it's too much trouble, they'll dry on me soon."

"I won't take no for an answer. There's a good utility room here, specifically geared for lots of washing and drying due to the amount of snow sport fanatics we have visit us."

"I've troubled you enough already, really I-"

"Look at you, I can see from here that you're soaking wet from your coat to your boots."

She frowned and shucked off her snow boots. "Okay, you win. Can I shower?"

"Can I join you?" She glared at him silently and he smiled. "I guess that would be a no."

"You're a bright boy," she shot back. "A definite no."

He shrugged and kept right on grinning. "In that case, we need to turn around and head back up the stairs." He nodded in the direction of the landing. "Ladies first."

She could almost feel the burn of his eyes on her damp butt and decided to make it sway from side to side just to show him that his fancy house didn't intimidate her.

"We might as well have a quick tour on the way," he said, and once on the landing, he pushed open the door opposite the stairwell. "You've seen the smallest loft room, so this is the master bedroom."

It was an enormous space with dark wooden polished floors, neutral walls, and a massive bed draped with a bright and multicolored patchwork quilt. A slipper bath sat in the corner opposite a large, antique-looking mirror.

"Very nice," she murmured, trying not to imagine what he'd look like reclining in the cast iron tub, glistening with bath oil...

"I could run you a bath if you'd prefer it to a shower?" She could hear the teasing in the tone of his voice-she didn't need to look at him for that. A bath in the master bedroom? Now that would be going too far, however tempting the idea.

"A shower will be just fine." She turned to escape, but to her surprise, he didn't move an inch to let her pass, his wide torso effectively filling the doorway as he leaned one shoulder against the doorjamb. She could feel the heat radiating from him and noticed that his white shirt was as damp as hers, the black shadow of a tattoo showing through where the material clung to his skin. "So if you could show me where I can find the shower?"

He eased back and away onto the landing to let her pass and then stepped back into the master bedroom. "I'll just get you some dry clothes." Her stomach flipped. She'd assumed he was going to make a pass at her, but was actually just trying to get to the dresser drawer, and then she felt annoyed with herself for wishing that he had leaned down and kissed her...

He quickly opened a few more doors to let her see all the rooms, which he told her all had french doors leading out onto the upstairs balcony, but were currently covered with draft-excluding drapes. "The storm should be over by morning and you can get a good view of the mountains and river out back."

"I knew places like this existed, but this is the first time I've ever been inside one of these cabins," she said, taking the sweatpants, pullover, and T-shirt he handed her. "It's gorgeous, and I'll be sure to have a good look at everything in the morning." Her gaze locked with his. "Before we leave."

He flicked on a tight smile and broke the eye contact. "Sure. Have a great shower."

Piper growled quietly to herself, sounding not unlike the miserable cat, as she peeled off her damp clothes. She should not feel like a heel for being eager to leave in the morning and actually saying so. She slapped damp garments on the tiled floor. So, okay, Matt DeLeo had possibly saved her life, but that didn't mean she owed him...and he'd given her a roof over her head for the night and fed her mangy cat premium tuna and was being very gentlemanly, all things considered.

"You are a heel," she muttered to herself and turned the shower on full blast.

Matt yawned and stretched as she reached the bottom step of the stairs after her shower. "I'm beat. You must be, too."

"I feel half dead, but so much better after that shower." She forced a grin. The least she could do was try and be nice, since none of this was his fault. But being brittle was her instinctive way of denying the attraction she felt toward him, of not making a fool of herself by letting him know he was hotter than Sanibel in July. "And is there under floor heating in here? The wood feels great on my bare feet."

He nodded and picked up a beer bottle from the low side table next to a squashy red sofa. "I needed a drink to settle my nerves, want some?"

"Tempting, but I remember the last time we drank together."

"In town?" He feigned an innocent look. "I don't remember burning up the tapas bar."

"You know what I mean."

"I'm not going to take advantage of this situation, and would you let me anyway?"

"Of course not."

"Well, there you go."

"And why would you want to take advantage of me?" She let out a hollow laugh. "You're on Forbes' most wanted bachelor list, why the hell would you want to choose me again?"

"You're hard on yourself. I have high standards, especially with women. I need food as well as a drink. Hungry?"

"I could eat my own feet."

"It's great that I have three freezers stocked with gourmet food and TV dinners then, huh?"

"Seriously?"

"Three is my lucky number. Come on, challenge me. Tell me what you really want to eat more than anything in the world right now and maybe it can be done. Just for you, my very special guest."

She grinned. "I don't want lobster."

"Too bad, there's bound to be a ton of it. That's one of the reasons the rent on this place is so high."

She tugged at an earlobe as she considered the challenge and was tempted to concoct something completely ridiculous, but the gnawing in her stomach took the fun out of the idea. She was too hungry to peel crustaceans from shells. "Cheeseburger, sweet potato fries, Jack Daniels barbeque sauce, and jalapenos on the side."

He chuckled. "You want a stack of onion rings with that?"

"Why not? Now rise to the challenge while I fuss over the cat. Go, DeLeo, go."

Within half an hour, the meal had been cooked and devoured, the cat had curled up under the blanket in her room and gone to sleep, and Piper was feeling much more relaxed. She was also secretly impressed with Matt's expertise in the kitchen. He was a great cook, and she hadn't expected that. He was also surprisingly easy company, as long as she could keep her eyes off the way his black T-shirt strained over his shoulders and broad chest, and the neon blue and black tentacles of the octopus tattoo that curled out from beneath his short sleeves.

She'd love to see the whole piece of art again, the way it was worked so skillfully over his hard bicep and shoulder blade. She wanted to run her fingertips over that smooth flesh again, too, but she wiped her mouth with a napkin a little harder than necessary in the hope that the discomfort would drive such thoughts right out of her mind. "That was the best meal I've had since yesterday."

"High praise. What did you have yesterday? Cold pizza?"

"No, Sophie and I had fish and chips takeout delivery from the Railway Tavern. Please don't tell me you cooked that yourself as well as poured beer."

He chuckled. "No, I employ a fully qualified kitchen staff. The new head chef is a Brit. The fish and chips experiment is his idea. Any good?"

"It was amazing! You'll have to try it yourself."

"I'll let the chef know."

"So..." She wasn't sure what to do with herself now that they'd eaten. It was quiet in the cabin besides the gusts of wind and lashing of snow against the windowpanes. "What do people do out here in the evening?"

"Pretty much anything they like. There's internet, TV, conversation, and eventually...bed."

She'd walked straight into that one. "And books," she said breezily, nodding toward the bookshelves tucked beneath the stairs. "You must read a lot."

"Not much." He grinned and there was a devilish sparkle in those dark eyes. "The interior decorators stuck those in. An eclectic mix of reading material was how they described it. I stick to magazines and then recycle them."

"And there I was beginning to think you were a hoarder. Are all the tasteful ornaments and strategically placed antiques placed by the interior decorators as well?"

"You got it. I don't collect stuff. Life's hard enough without getting attached to inanimate objects. I like to live and travel light."

She drew her feet up and hugged her knees. "I won't be selling many of my products to you in that case. They're all impractical. Sparkly."

He tipped his head to one side. "You never know, I'm always buying new properties. I'll give my people your details and insist they use you."

"I wasn't angling for business!"

He raised a fingertip to his full lips to quiet her protestation. "But I want to."

She shrugged and decided not to fight him. She could use the business and he clearly had money to burn, so why not use his connections with his blessing? Nothing immoral or underhanded about that. "I'll make sure they get the best service and I'll throw in some limited edition specials."

"You don't need to."

"But I want to," she said with a smirk, echoing his previous words.

He rubbed his hands together briskly. "It's still cold in here. Perhaps the system is struggling with the extreme weather. It shouldn't be, but-" As if on cue, a loud pop and a crashing sound on the roof made them both start. Then the lights flickered and died. "Geez, talk about asking for it," he muttered.

"I can't see a thing." Piper hunched into the armchair for safety.

"Give it a minute or two and the backup systems will kick in."

"Are you sure?"

"Of course I am." His tone turned from irritated to more gentle as she heard him moving around. "You sound scared."

She felt a warm hand find her ankle in the dark. "If I was the cat, I'd be crapping all over your sofa." She felt a ripple of excitement as his fingers stroked upwards underneath the hem of the sweatpants.

She heard him chuckle. "Please don't do that. Everything is going to be just fine."

"Is that why you're stroking my leg?"

"Oh, is that what it is? So silky and soft..."

"Stop it." She giggled as his fingers tiptoed even further up her leg. "You know damn well you're groping a defenseless woman in your lair in the dark."

"Defenseless? I'd take the cat on before I picked a fight with you, darling."

She sighed and closed her eyes even though everything was in darkness, acutely aware that he was kneeling at her feet. "Actually, it's very soothing considering how stressed I am. It's been quite a day."

"It's the least I can do." She heard him shift closer, sensed his warmth, and then felt his breath feather her hair. Her own breath hitched as he brushed his lips on her forehead. "Your skin is very cool."

If she had any guts or self-respect, she'd put a few feet between them very quickly because she had a good idea where this would end if she let it. "It must be shock," she murmured as her insides began to feel jittery, and she lifted her chin until she could feel his breath on her lips.

"It's my responsibility to make sure you survive the night." Their mouths touched briefly, and he tasted of hops and the dark bitter chocolate bar they'd shared after dinner.

"Yes...yes, it must be." She lifted a hand and found the hard edge of his jaw, now roughened by stubble. She scraped her fingernails lightly across it. "But it's a little overcautious to start mouth-to-mouth straight away."

"The Red Cross would never let me join." She felt his body tremble with a small laugh. "I break rules too often."

His mouth came down slowly onto hers, giving her plenty of time to pull away if she wanted to. She didn't want to. She melted into the kiss like butter in hot rum, threading her fingers through his thick hair and pulling him in closer. She felt the heat and hardness of him through the two layers of their clothes, and the memories of how he'd felt inside her in Florida came flooding back with a vividness that took her breath away. There was an intoxicating magic about him, something that made everything seem all right when she was in his arms. The outside world was forgotten when they were kissing.

She stiffened as his hand found the curve of her breast in the darkness. This was only going to end one way if she didn't push him away immediately. She pressed her hand against the hard muscle of his chest and then a burst of light made her cry out with surprise. "The lights-"

Adjusting to the sudden brightness, her gaze met his deep, dark, slumberous eyes and she realized she'd never seen such a beautiful male specimen in her life. How could she have ever thought it would be easy to resist him again after she'd been so blown away before? He could make her come with just one bite when he looked at her like that. "No Matt, no more."

His fingertips brushed over her nipple through the soft fabric of her top. "That's not what your body's saying."

An exasperated gasp escaped her lips. "My body is stupid. This is my brain talking."

His hand fell away. "I can always make the lights go out again."

"Do that and all you'll be seeing is stars." She peeled his hands away and wriggled out of the chair. "And you'll probably be scratched to death, because I'm going to sleep with the cat. She'll think you're a predator, and her teeth are sharp. Good night."

She heard him chuckle as she made her way upstairs and a small voice in her mind told her this was not the end of the matter.

Not by a long way.

Chapter Seven

"Can we forget about last night?" She glanced at him over her shoulder, a brief flash of emeralds zoning in on the towel around his hips and then up to his bare chest. Then she turned to the view outside the kitchen's french doors. "It wasn't a good idea."

Matt yawned as he flicked on the coffee machine and rubbed his eyes. "Sleeping with the cat, you mean? Did Kitty swipe you in the night?" She was withdrawing from him, emotionally as well as physically. He was going to reel her back to where they were the night before, right back to the point where their lips had touched again for the first time since Sanibel. His plan to wait for her to come on to him had been shelved, as had his no business mixed with pleasure rule. He was the boss and he'd break all the rules if he wanted to. Because he wanted Piper Reilly.

"You know exactly what I mean. The inappropriate intimacy."

"Inappropriate intimacy?" He laughed and pulled a face. "We're not in high school. That kiss in the dark was all about sex and you know it. Sex makes the world go round, sex helps sell all kinds of things, and without sex the planet would die."

She jerked sideways as he came up behind her and stole a playful kiss on the back of her neck. Her tone was brittle. "You make it all sound so...so necessary. Does whatever ants and bees do count as sex?"

"Technically, it must." He ignored her frown and ran a fingertip lazily down her cheek. "So tell me, what did I do so wrong in Florida?"

Her head swiveled around, and she looked taken aback. "Oh, nothing. Really nothing at all. You were great, amazing." She coughed. "And don't you think you should put some clothes on?"

"Later." He leaned against the door so she had to look him in the eye. "But you ran out on me. No note, no phone number, nothing."

"Sorry."

He was at risk of turning things even frostier, but his ego was still bruised, and the way she had melted the previous night, however briefly, told him she was attracted to him. "It wasn't very nice."

"Double plus sorry." She sighed and stepped away from him and the french doors. "The thing is, I wasn't looking for a relationship, but the opposite. I'm not proud of the way I treated you, but you did say you were a no-strings drifter kind of guy, so it goes both ways. I don't think I mislead you in any way at all."

"Forget the word relationship if it helps. I'm not looking for ties and promises, either. I just wanted to spend some more time with you. You blew my mind, and I wanted more. I wanted to get to know you better, share more good times. I still do."

Her gaze dropped to her feet. "Matt, it happened in an exceptional place at a particular time and we're unlikely to ever be able to recapture the magic of that day and night. Reality means morning breath and bed head hair and being grouchy before work."

"I can deal with that." He caught her by the elbow and ducked under the fall of her hair to steal another quick kiss. "See? We can kiss without brushing our teeth."

She smiled and a flush of pink appeared on her cheeks. "You're persistent, I'll give you that. And for the record, Florida was fun. Delightful, like a dream."

"Therapeutic?"

"Very."

He couldn't stop himself digging for more information. "So you're fully cured now? Over the ex?"

"You mean Stanley."

"If that's what the loser is called."

She raised a fine eyebrow and lifted her chin. "You don't know anything about him."

The fact that the guy existed and had hurt Piper was enough to make him want to slap the guy hard. "He dumped you so he's obviously stupid."

She laughed. "I just hope I don't bump into him with the spray-tanned girl. The town is way too small sometimes."

"His loss, big time." He slid his arms around her waist and pulled her tightly against him. "And he'll be sick as a dog when he sees you with me, all dressed up and looking utterly gorgeous."

Her face dropped and she pushed hard against his chest to escape. "Thanks."

"What did I say?"

"It doesn't matter." She wriggled free and made for the stairs, then froze halfway there, turning around and sending him a furious look. "You have quite an ego going on there, Matt DeLeo, but Stan didn't want me at Christmas, so he's unlikely to be eaten up with jealousy and regret now. And...and I'm pretty insulted that you think dressing me up as some kind of trophy girlfriend arm candy would be enough to change his mind."

He lifted both hands over his head with exasperation. Any thoughts he might have had about suggesting they have a full-on fling in the next few weeks went up in smoke. "I didn't mean it like that."

"But maybe you're right, maybe a tight little designer dress, neon yellow acrylic nails, and a Brazilian wax would have made all the difference to our relationship. It seems to feature pretty highly on your list of priorities, too."

Before he could answer her allegations, the upstairs bedroom door slammed shut and he was alone. "That went well," he muttered to himself and glared at the coffee machine as it gurgled and hissed, almost as if it was laughing at him.

Piper pulled open the drapes and blinked as the ice-white brightness of a calm, clear winter morning flooded into the loft. The morning view from the kitchen was sensational-mountains, sugar-coated pine trees, and an impossibly clear blue sky-but this room was directly positioned in front of a picture-perfect waterfall.

The wispy white and blue ribbons of a pure mountain stream tumbled over gray boulders, sprinkling the mossy rocks and overhanging branches with diamond-bright drops that glittered in the morning sunshine. It was beyond beautiful and a world away from the treacherous wilderness the place had been during the big storm.

"That's nice." She sighed as the cat slithered around and between her ankles in spite of the plastic cone around her neck, her cool fur like silk against her skin. The cat's pelt was strikingly silver and white with bold black markings in the shapes of rosettes and spearheads. Limpid green eyes stared up at her with black whirlpool irises and her purr was a deep, throaty rumble. She'd be perfectly camouflaged outside in the snowy Colorado wilderness. "Look at you, waterfall cat, so beautiful but dangerous, like rapids. I think I know what I'm going to call you."

The cat made a tiny squeak as she picked her up and kissed her on the back of her neck. "Aspen. I'll call you Aspen. Now that's not too corny, is it?"

"Sure beats Felix." His deep mellow voice from behind made her heart rate kick up and she tensed as she heard him draw nearer.

"Glad you approve." She gently lowered Aspen to the floor. "Even though it was a private conversation."

"A private conversation with a cat? That's crazy cat lady stuff."

"Do you think I really care what you think?" She shrugged and focused her attention on Aspen, aware of how sharp her reply had sounded, how distant she must now appear. She didn't want to hurt him, but she didn't really want to be his arm candy for the next few weeks, either. She just wanted a quiet life, making and selling her pretty, harmless trinkets and earning enough money to cover the bills. For now.

"I couldn't see the driveway leading up to your house this morning. There must be tons of fresh snow out there. Do you think we'll be getting back to Passion Creek today?"

"Do you want to go back so soon?" She felt his hands move to either side of her neck and onto the dip of her shoulders. "We have enough food, drink, and fuel for at least a month."

He wasn't going to seduce her back into being all sweetness and light that easily. She wanted an apology. "And I have a business to run, not to mention an urgent requirement to get a new wedding guest outfit."

"Which you wouldn't be able to do if you were slaving as an office temp over a hot calculator, so what's the difference? You must have had to shut your store up while you worked in my finance department, right?"

"I would have had nights and weekends free to keep things going, but fortunately I share floor space with four other artists so we cover for each other now and again. The rents in Passion Creek are so high that none of us can afford to have a shop of our own." She twisted her neck and coolly looked him up and down. "Greedy landlords, you understand."

"Ouch."

The lopsided grin on his face showed that her sarcasm hadn't affected him one little bit, so why had she felt even slightly guilty about hurting his feelings? He was a corporate monster with a rampant libido. But her brief glimpse of him revealed that his hair did look really good, all choppy and tousled, jet black and damp from the shower. Soft, bronzed, inked skin. And he smelled of black pepper and ginseng. And hell, he was still only dressed with a towel around his hips...

She swallowed hard and looked out the window again, crossing her arms tightly over her chest, aware that her nipples had stiffened with obvious interest at the mere sight of him. "And my sister is supposed to be putting in a few hours in lieu of rent."

His fingers started massaging the knotted muscles above her collarbones and a treacherous bolt of hot lust pleasured its way to the apex of her thighs. "I'm sorry if what I said in the kitchen offended you," he said quietly, and her eyelids fluttered shut as he kissed her shoulders with the lightest touch, like a butterfly's wing. "I didn't mean it to sound like that. I would just love to make that asshole Stanley squirm for hurting you."

"It's not your battle. And I don't give a damn about Stanley anymore if it makes a difference. I just don't want to have to see him again, that's all, and it's not going to be easy. We were together a long time and have a lot of mutual acquaintances."

"How long?"

"Seven years."

"Hell, being together that long is practically married."

"Just as well we weren't, huh? Divorcing someone is a lot messier than dumping them."

His fingers stilled. "Do you still have feelings for him?"

She shrugged and felt his hands fall away. "Truthfully? I'm not sure what I feel. Hurt? Cheated? Humiliated? I'm getting used to not having him around. I've allowed myself to get angry a few times, angry at how he ended things, angry at how he treated me over those seven years. Furious that I let him do it...so I guess that means I don't love him anymore." Matt watched her silently, leaning back against the end of the single bed, his hands gripping the brass work behind his back so that his torso formed a perfect triangle. "I don't think I ever really loved him, or him me. Looking back, everything was kind of toxic. Too much, too young, too fast."

"Sounds familiar." The gap between his dark eyebrows narrowed as he studied her. She wondered what he was thinking, and what had happened to him to make him say that. But she wasn't going to ask, didn't want to start an emotional journey down an exciting-looking road that led nowhere. Another dead end.

"Anyway, that's enough of me being miserable and self-indulgent. What's done is done." She forced a bright smile. "I think she could use some breakfast."

He tickled the cat's back. "I've fixed something especially for you, Princess Aspen."

"We can call her Princess if you'd like," Piper said before her rational brain could engage and stop her. "Seeing as you're paying the veterinary bill," she added quickly, and hoped her cheeks wouldn't betray her by going tomato red. "Although, maybe I should pick it up, now that I think about it."

"I said I'd pay the bill even if she is your cat," he said with an enigmatic smile. A smile that was also conciliatory, even pitiful maybe, not surprising as she'd just come off so needy. "But I might just call her Princess anyway."

"I'm sure she won't mind one little bit."

He looked awkwardly from side to side. "Your clothes are dry. Where do you want me to put them? I'll start breakfast while you're getting ready."

"I'll get them if you tell me where they are."

He sighed. "It really isn't a problem. I'll put them in the bedroom, so if you want a shower-"

"Thank you, I will." She rubbed at the corner of her eye. The fatigue and the stress of the last few days were taking their toll. She glanced at the towel around his hips again and felt a flash of shame as he caught her doing it. "Give me a holler when you're dressed and out," she added quickly.

It was a relief putting her own clothes back on; she couldn't cope with wearing his clothes any longer. His sweatpants slithered down over her hips whenever she walked down the stairs, for goodness' sake. When she stepped into the kitchen, she saw Matt crouching over Aspen, stroking her and cooing as she scooped up her breakfast like a backhoe loader.

"You're spoiling her," she said. "She'll think she really is a princess at this rate."

"It's just a little chicken breast," he said quietly and ran his large hand down her narrow back. "She still seemed hungry after her canned salmon."

Piper giggled. "Double breakfast? If she's sick, you can clean it up."

"She won't be sick. She's eating for at least two."

"I wonder how many babies she's got in there? Maybe they'll be able to tell us when she has her operation."

"Maybe." He stood up and stretched. "She made the funniest noise while she was eating earlier."

"Like she was saying nom nom?"

"I've never heard a cat do that before."

"Yep, she's definitely an odd creature." Piper kneeled down to pet her. "Makes a barking noise sometimes, too."

"For real?" He poured hot coffee into two cups. "Are you hungry? There's toast, eggs, bacon, and cereal."

"I'm still stuffed from dinner," she said as she accepted the cup of steaming liquid. "And I don't mean to be rude, but I'm eager to get out of here and back to real life again."

"I looked around outside and I think we can make it to the main highway if we take it nice and slow, but I'm not letting you out of my sight until I know you're completely safe."

"I'm a big girl these days," she said with a frown. "Been on the planet twenty-six years, I think I can look after myself."

"Your car is buried somewhere in the snow and needs rescuing. You'll get a fine if you just abandon it, and I'm sure you want your wheels back so it can get fixed. Also, your furnace won't have repaired itself overnight unless you have very special mechanic fairies in downtown Passion Creek. And getting big fat Princess into a pet carrier and down to the vet's is a two-person job. Agree?"

Piper sighed and nodded. He was right-she was up to her neck in practical problems. She should be gracious, not stupid, and accept his offer of help. "So what's your plan?"

"Today we need to dig out your car, and tomorrow we have to take a certain somebody to the vet, start getting you photographed for the launch campaign, and attend an art gallery event. We're completely booked."

"Hm."

"And somewhere in between we need to get you something to wear, unless you've already been shopping."

She could feel herself bristle. "I'm sure I've got something I can wear that won't completely shame you."

"It's not me, Piper, I like you with no clothes on, but there's a good chance there will be a lot of cameras and a few famous names around. It'll be less intimidating if you blend in with the rich list."

He was right, but she wasn't going to let him know that. Big fancy social occasions hadn't featured highly in her life and she hated things like weddings at the best of times. The whole thing was going to be stressful enough without having to endure people looking down their noses at her for not being smothered in designer labels. "Okay, I give up, you take over. My brain can't cope with all this."

He smiled and bit down onto the hot toast he'd just buttered. "You won't regret it, I promise."

Chapter Eight

Piper felt dizzy as she slumped down into her own sofa for what seemed like the first time in weeks. It hadn't been that long, of course, but her normal, boring life had been superseded by a whirlwind of activity and new experiences with a man who quite literally took her breath away. Not only was he the sexiest, most charismatic male she'd ever encountered, he was equally infuriating and exasperating in the way he went about everything. Matt was the ultimate "can do" person.

Nothing seemed impossible to him.

Piper figured it was a characteristic of high achievers with high intelligence. He must've been super smart to be a self-made billionaire by the age of twenty-eight, if he wasn't lying about his age. And she didn't think he was lying about his age. He was totally fit and there wasn't a hint of gray in those lustrous black locks. A few delicious laughter lines around the eyes, but definitely under thirty.

He'd sent a twenty-four-hour furnace specialist to her condo and settled the bill without her even knowing what had been done and how much it had cost, and now she and Aspen, fresh from the operating room, were warm and snug. The car had been recovered from a snowdrift by another of Matt's many contacts and was in the garage having its ignition coils and spark plugs replaced. It was terrifying to think she could have been frozen solid inside that car if she hadn't been rescued.

Being pampered, preened, and photographed by the hippest studio in the county had also been a revelation. She'd been made to feel like a film star and the end results had been incredible, even though they'd had to work at top speed to get enough shots in time for the PCB No. 68 campaign. There was a memory stick full of photos of her wearing some of her best jewelry pieces, too, all sultry and sophisticated-right up there with the best of the glossy magazine ads. She could never have afforded to have it done on her own. Things were certainly going better than she had ever imagined.

She glanced happily at a big pile of flashy-looking shopping bags and boxes piled up in the hall: at least three brand new designer outfits, down to the underwear to unpack and marvel over. Matt hadn't insisted on coming shopping with her, but had sent her off in a chauffeured car with the promised company credit card and strict instructions not to economize. She felt exhausted, but in spite of herself, pretty happy. Spending other people's money was fabulous once you got the hang of it. No wonder her wedding planner friend, Mel, loved her job so much.

She closed her eyes and gave herself a little hug as she remembered the white silk pantsuit she'd be wearing that evening to the opening of a prestigious new art gallery. It had cost way beyond anything she would even dream of paying for an outfit, but the store manager who'd guided her through all her choices was adamant that she'd been briefed to deliver the absolute best. There had been something about the woman that persuaded Piper to just give in and not argue. After all, the woman was good at her job and the commission on this would probably be a big deal to her.

And the finished result, even if cliched, had blown her away. Red hair, green eyes, and pale skin wasn't the easiest combination to dress, but the ice-white silk, deep red, patent leather skyscraper heels, and matching glittery clutch ensemble was amazing. She'd have to ask Matt if she'd get to keep the best outfit she'd ever set eyes on when their deal was at an end. Her instinct was that he wouldn't even bat an eyelid, which just went to show what different lives they led.

Three hours later, the doorbell rang and she was more than ready to go out and party. Matt lounged against the outside railing as she opened the front door. He looked as relaxed as a tomcat lazing in the sun in spite of the biting chill. He oozed sophistication and confidence in a jet-black dinner suit, like a panther with silk lapels and covered buttons on the cuffs. A snow-white shirt did little to tame the striking effect of a thin black tie loosened at the neck, the top button of his shirt undone, screaming suppressed rebellion. His dark hair had been artfully tousled into film-star nonchalance and his full lips formed a straight line as he looked her up and down as well.

He let out a low whistle of appreciation and excitement ricocheted up her spine.

"Will I do?" she said, and was surprised at how sexy her voice had sounded for a second. Dear God, did a pheromone spike do that to a woman as well as make her go weak at the knees?

He eased his body away from the railing. "I think we'd better step inside before I drool all over your steps."

She laughed. "You have such a way with words, DeLeo. You'd better come in and get over your dog tendencies."

He closed the front door behind him and slid his arms around her waist before she could turn round. "You look incredible, Piper. I don't think I can share you with anyone tonight looking so hot and sexy. No man in his right mind is going to be able to keep his eyes off you. It could spell trouble."

"We have to go," she said firmly and wriggled around to face him. "Business is business. That's why you spent a small fortune on all this silk and leather, remember? To make me suitable arm candy for the workaholic billionaire playboy?"

Dark brown eyes so large they only just fit into the arc of his eyebrows stared down at her and she shivered. His eyelashes were indecently long and dark for a man, and he should be made illegal for exploiting their lost little boy charm and making her insides turn to jelly. And then he kissed her, long and slow, and there was nothing she could do to resist him. Firm lips melted to soft and longing, tongue gently probing as he ran his hands up the sleek silk of her jacket, and she moaned a little with the delicious pleasure of being wanted by a man who had women falling at his feet on a minute-by-minute basis.

She broke the kiss, but didn't pull away-she wanted to savor his minty breath feathering her mouth and the subtle spicy fragrance that clung to his skin. "You have scarlet lipstick on your face now."

"And you think that bothers me?" He kissed her lightly on the lips again. "See? Don't care one little bit."

"We'll never make it to the gallery at this rate." She reluctantly eased out of his embrace, not wanting it to end, but knowing that every time his kissed her, another piece of her heart and soul became his to keep forever. She couldn't let him take too much and still expect to survive when all this was over. "I'll need a couple of minutes to freshen up and then we should go."

Matt looked around the apartment and fiddled with the buttons on his jacket cuff. "I like it here. Can I stay here tonight?"

His bald request rendered her speechless for a second before saying, "In my apartment?"

"Yeah, why not? I get to feed Princess and I promise to clean up both our poop."

"I really don't think my place will cut it with you. It's a whole lot more basic than anything you're used to. Except for that place over the fried chicken joint in Sanibel, of course."

"Exactly. I liked it there, too. And it was also where you lost your panties for the first time."

"It was a complete dump."

"So is that a no? Get lost, Matt? Your sister clearly isn't here right now, it's way too clean from what you've told me about her, so you can't use that as an excuse."

"Well spotted, Sherlock. My sister's had a remarkable reunion with the baby's father. It won't last two minutes of course, but I don't have to worry about her for now."

"Yet, you'll be here with open arms when she decides she needs to treat this place like a hotel again?"

That was harsh, even if he did have a point. "She's my sister. What else am I supposed to do? You can't choose your family."

"You can't choose your family, but you can choose how you deal with them. Sounds to me like she takes full advantage of your sweet nature."

"Sweet nature, my eye." She saw him looking at a pile of unopened mail and hoped he wasn't observant enough to notice that they were mostly reminder bills that needed paying. "Anyway, my relatives are none of your business, and I don't think you staying here would be a good idea. The neighbors gossip like crazy."

He shrugged. "Then we can go someplace else, anywhere you like."

"You're not very subtle." She glanced at him and then looked away. "Aspen is just out of surgery and I'm scared to leave her on her own right now."

Matt strode across the room to her bookshelf, plucked a cookbook off the shelf, and began to flick through the pages. "You know Super? The lady who stayed really calm when you did the Japanese yen thing with all my money?"

"I'd bet you fifty dollars it wasn't all of your money." She watched him as he stared down at an open page and rubbed his clean-shaven jaw. "I still find it hard to believe I made such a huge mistake. If this was a movie and I was watching it, I'd be thinking the male protagonist set me up. In fact, the more I think about it-"

He snapped the book shut and the abruptness of it made her start. "She had cats for years, Super, that is. Her husband was a breeder. Siamese seal point, I think. Anyway she misses the noise and hassle of having a vocal cat around, and let's face it, Aspen is quite a talker when she gets going, so she said she'd cat sit anytime." His eyebrows rose questioningly, or he was feigning an absurd amount of innocence with those big brown eyes of his. "They never had kids," he added quietly.

"I never knew you had such a deep and caring nature," she said suspiciously. "Super seems like a tough cookie to me and, as you said to me back at the cabin, Aspen is my cat, so therefore my problem. I find your interest unnerving, almost as if-"

He shook his head. "It's my fault I'm taking her mommy out on the town tonight and we might be back late."

"We'll be back before midnight," she said firmly. "Or somebody will be turning into a pumpkin, a pumpkin ready to be carved up. And that pumpkin will be you."

...

"Are you okay?" Matt studied Piper's pale face as she took his hand and stepped down from the sleek, black helicopter. "There were a few gusts up there, but we were completely safe."

"I thought you were kidding about taking a chopper for events outside Passion Creek. You could have warned me before we turned up at the helipad." Her fingers were cold and trembling wrapped inside his and he gripped them a little tighter when she tried to pull free. "I wasn't expecting it, that's all."

"I didn't picture you as a nervous flyer. You made it to and from Florida on your own."

"Flying by the seat of your pants in a helicopter is a different experience from being squeezed into a big tin can for tourists, that's for sure. But I'm fine now."

He held on tight to her hand in spite of her trying to wiggle it free. "Good. It always makes a statement arriving by helicopter."

"Hm, something along the lines of 'Look out, I'm considerably richer than you'?"

"Yes, I like that. I'll make sure to get that remark into the conversation every chance I get this evening."

She giggled and, astonishingly, his heart skipped as she squeezed his hand. "I so dare you to do that."

"Only to complete jerks, though," he whispered as they made their way toward a beckoning meet and greet official across the building's rooftop. "But there will be plenty of those here tonight."

Once inside the building, Piper shook her long, glorious mane of hair free of the snowflakes that were beginning to fall again outside. She reminded him of a modern day ice queen dressed head to toe in white like that, striking, even scary if you were the kind of guy who was easily intimidated. It wasn't very often a woman could teach him new tricks or take him by complete surprise, but Piper was the mistress of that. He had no idea what to expect from her in a social situation like this. She might be a complete liability, but he didn't care.

The risk he was taking with his reputation and sales campaign just served to heighten the thrill of being with her. He loved the danger. He loved the contrasts, the frosty exterior which vaporized when she caught fire in his arms. He needed to get her to stay there more often. He wanted her to melt into a puddle for far more than a few snatched hours in a snowstorm-he needed a period of total saturation if he was to get her out of his system before it all came to an end in under a couple of weeks. And it needed to end on launch day-no strings, no commitment, that was the deal.

They were shown into a mirror-lined elevator that silently transported them a couple of floors down to a front desk area where a glossy blonde smiled a welcome.

"Mr. DeLeo," she purred with a hint of a European accent. "So good to see you here with us tonight. You really don't need this as I'm sure everyone here knows who you are but, for insurance purposes and security, I'm sure you understand?" She tipped her head to one side in a coquettish manner and slid an identification tag across the front desk with neon pink fingernails that clicked on the polished surface. Then her bright blue gaze and false smile found Piper. "And you must be Miss Reilly. Welcome."

It never failed to amaze him how bitchy and predatory women could be with each other when there was an eligible billionaire in the building. Or maybe it was just him; maybe he brought the worst out in a certain type of female. Still, he didn't like the way the blonde receptionist had changed her tone from sexual simpering when addressing him to clipped ice as she handed Piper her ID and then tossed her hair back. It was an unspoken girl-to-girl challenge, he was sure of it.

"I never go anywhere without the lovely Miss Reilly these days," he said, far more loudly than necessary. "The lady is non-negotiable."

There was the beginning of an ironic smile on Piper's scarlet lips, one that reached her eyes, a genuine smirk of understanding of what he was up to. She lifted her chin haughtily. "Time is money, darling."

"Of course," he said in a deliberately stiff tone and offered her his arm. "We must press on."

Piper smothered a giggle as the door closed behind them and they found themselves in a large bright room full of chattering people. "Non-negotiable? Was that a nod to Charles and Camilla?"

He leaned over and whispered in her ear. "You have a wild imagination, Miss Reilly."

She smirked and took a flute of champagne from the attentive waiter who had suddenly appeared at her shoulder. "And so, apparently, do you."

He watched as she put the crystal glass to her lips and there was the slightest hint of the tip of her tongue as she drank. His groin stiffened almost instantaneously. "Champagne suits you," he said softly, feeling an almost unbearable kick of lust.

She swallowed and ran that wicked tongue over her top teeth before saying, "That's because it's so much nicer than your smelly old beer."

"I could watch you drink it for hours."

"You might have to if this event turns out to be terminally dull."

Tiny silver conch shells dangled from each of her earlobes, catching the light as she moved, and he noticed the huge mother-of-pearl bangle on her slim wrist as she lifted her glass and the cuff of her jacket slid back. He should re-evaluate. She wasn't an ice queen, she was a sea sprite with her coral red hair and kelp-green eyes sparkling like the setting sun on a calm sea. "It won't be dull with you showcasing your jewelry so beautifully tonight. Make the most of the attention you're getting and charm some potential clients. Business, not pleasure, for a few hours."

"You're right, look at them all fawning over those strange paintings. The more-money-than-sense brigade is out in force tonight. I'll have some of that."

"Got your business cards?"

She lifted up the red sparkly clutch bag. "Never leave home without them. Although I won't drop them anywhere this time."

He chuckled silently and then took a swig of his own champagne. "That thing is so tiny I guess you can't fit much more than a handful of cards in there anyway."

"It's not very practical," she said with a dry look. "But with a billionaire to look after me, what else could I possibly need?"

"Women's purses are a complete mystery to me. You'd just about get a pack of cigarettes in there and a lighter."

"For your education, I have my cell phone in there, a house key, and a credit card for emergencies. So I'm not actually that reliant on you. And I gave up smoking years ago."

"Didn't we all?" He flicked her a warning glance as he spotted a particularly dull country club owner coming their way. "This would be a good time to mingle," he muttered quickly. "Super dull dude approaching."

She closed her eyes briefly to indicate she understood without actually saying anything and wisely didn't even look over her shoulder before sashaying into the center of the room. He felt the loss of her company immediately, following the top of her red head bobbing through the crowd like a buoy on a choppy sea until she disappeared completely from view. He was irritated that Bob Dodge had sought him out so early in the evening. The man was prone to cling, bore, and dominate more than was polite or subtle, but business was business, and Bob's chain of snobby resorts bought a lot of beer. In fact, Bob probably sank most of it.

"Fancy." Bob Dodge jerked his beer glass in the direction Piper had headed. "About time you settled down with a nice young lady and gave the rest of the Passion Creek bachelors a chance."

"Now, Bob, you know how it is." Matt slapped the older man on the shoulder and a little beer slopped onto the floor. They both smiled and looked around guiltily to see if anyone had noticed them messing the place up. "Matt DeLeo is more than happy being a bachelor boy and there are no major changes on the horizon."

"You sure about that?"

"I'm sure about that."

"You see, it's just that I've been watching the two of you since you came in and...and there's something there this time, boy. Something there, you mark my words."

He wanted to say something about it just being sex, but thought better of it. Piper deserved better than that even if it was the truth. "You need more beer, Bob, mark my words."

Chapter Nine

Piper drew up to an elegant woman with platinum cropped hair looking at a canvas of red and yellow splatters. She spoke in a whisper. "Do you like it?"

"Are you the artist?" the older woman drawled in equally hushed tones.

Piper laughed and pointed to her name badge. "No, I'm a guest."

"You can't be too careful at these things." The woman touched Piper's hand lightly as if to reassure her. "I'd hate to offend anyone, after all beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but apart from the vibrancy of the colors in this one...no, it's not for me. I'd rather give the ticket price straight to charity."

Piper bent to see what was on the ultra-tiny price tag and snapped back straight with shock. This was another world. It had to be with numbers that big for something that looked like an elephant had painted it, but she couldn't let on she was a financial fish out of water. Neither could she let on that she didn't know the whole occasion was about raising money for charity because that would make her look like an ignorant freeloader. "It is...vibrant," she said diplomatically. "Perhaps in the right environment, a modern loft conversion with plain white walls, maybe."

"Or one of those cheap hotel lobbies," the other woman said with a snort of amusement. She trained her steely gray eyes on Piper's earrings. "Give me a decent landscape any day, something with the sea in it. I miss the coast living up here in the mountains."

"I know what you mean," Piper said with a wistful sigh and absentmindedly ran her fingers over the smooth surface of her bangle as she stole a glance at the woman's name badge. "I try to get down to Florida as often as I can, Fiona, but it's a long way."

Fiona smiled and stretched out a hand toward Piper's face. "That must be where you got those gorgeous earrings." She felt one between her fingertips. "Silver?"

"Solid. I can't wear plate, just pure base meals like gold, silver, and platinum."

"Oh, me neither. Besides, who on earth would want cheap alloy jewelry anyway? I'd rather be unadorned."

"Exactly," Piper said with feeling and turned her attention back to the painting.

"Now tell me," Fiona murmured, "where does a lady who has far too much jewelry already direct her husband to buy a pair of earrings just like yours? And that amazing bangle, the colors are perfect for me."

"Ah, this is kind of awkward..."

"Florida somewhere? Where you go on vacation?"

"Sort of."

"Don't be mean, tell me! And I swear that if we both turn up to a function wearing identical stuff, I'll take mine off immediately."

"Okay, you can't have something exactly the same because all the pieces are unique, formed from real shells. Shells gathered in the Sanibel area of Florida."

She gasped and her hand flew to her mouth. "Even better."

"And...and it's me who makes them." There was a loaded silence and Piper cringed inwardly. She felt so crass pitching herself like this and she wasn't even sure she'd intended to. It just kind of happened. "But please don't feel-"

Fiona visibly fizzed with excitement. "Let's swap business cards. You do have one on you?"

Piper flicked open her purse. "Oh, um, maybe." Totally shameless. "Yes! What a piece of luck there's one in here."

"This is amazing. If all your pieces are unique, I can tell all my friends. Do you do bespoke?"

"Yes, I do. Have a look on my website when you have time and you'll get a good idea of what I offer. I have a small shop downtown as well, but space is limited so there's not a full range on display."

"You've made my day." Fiona took Piper's card and slipped it into her own purse. "I have some diamond earrings that I bought on a whim and I really don't like them. Could you break them down and incorporate them into a new design? Maybe with some pearls?"

"Of course I can, and you've really cheered my day up, too." She glanced down at the other woman's card. "And the next time I need some interior design advice..."

Oh hell, this was the best networking event ever. Pretty interior things were one of her favorite sidelines, so if she could expand out that way her business would boom. With any luck, Fiona wouldn't be able to resist some of her driftwood and coral pieces when she browsed the website or dropped by the store. And then she remembered what she'd be doing over the next few weeks. "Although I may not be at my shop in person very often in the next few weeks, as I have...a special commission I'm working on." Which wasn't exactly a lie; commission sounded a lot more believable than blackmail.

"I must find my husband. He'll be delighted to have a few gifts he knows I'll like for my birthday next month. And our anniversary! What's the point in marrying a stockbroker if you can't help him redistribute his bonus money, huh?"

Piper shook her head and grinned. What was the point in marrying a stockbroker besides his bank balance? A few things sprang to mind like loving his innate integrity, good looks, sense of humor, and ideally consummate skill in bed. She clearly had a long way to go before she could ever feel at home with people like this, but doors were opening and bright shafts of possibility were shining through.

Like it or not, she had Matt DeLeo to thank for that.

She looked around to see if she could spot Matt. She wanted to share her good news and, even if it stuck in her throat, to thank him. All the thoughts she'd been having about stockbrokers pointed to the fact that he wasn't such a bad guy after all. A drifter, maybe, but he was no swindler. He had old-fashioned values deep down beneath the strange combination of tattoos and sharp suits. And he was really nice to her cat.

Suddenly a finger jabbed into her shoulder and she heard a cringe-worthy familiar male voice. "What you doing here, Red?"

She spun around sharply enough to spill a few drops of champagne on her jacket. Cold blue eyes, blond wavy shoulder-length hair, and a not very good shave greeted her. Her stomach felt like a boulder had been dropped on it. "Stanley."

"You're looking very good for a girl who should be mourning the love of her life."

"Are you suggesting I should still be in pieces because you dumped me for a dimwit who models herself on an overgrown Oompa-Loompa?"

"Oompa-Loompa?" Stanley laughed. "Oh, gotcha, but Millie's tan is real."

"Yeah, sure it is, just like her orange XXL breasts. But whatever."

"Ouch." He grinned and there were a few herbs from the complimentary canapes sticking to his front teeth. "You sound bitter."

How dare he comment on how she looked, felt, or sounded! "I have news for you, Stan. I've moved on with my life."

"So have I," he said with a sickly smoothness that made her throat constrict. "Millie was just a phase."

She felt his gaze on her breasts and then her throat and it repulsed her. How could she ever have thought she was in love with this creep? "Right."

"She was a mistake, I admit it. I was a fool to think she could ever replace you. I was blinded, seduced by her."

"Oh, give me a break. It was all her fault? You dumped me on Christmas Eve because she cast a spell on you or something? Or did she drug you with one of her very special cocktails?" Piper let out a hollow laugh and shook her head with disbelief. "It's not working, Stanley. I'm not that stupid and lacking in self-respect anymore."

He stroked a damp fingertip down her cheek. "I've been meaning to call you and beg for forgiveness, but thought it might be too soon."

She took a quick step backward to get his finger off her. "Too soon for what? For me to forget what a manipulative bastard you actually were to me over all those years we were together? Too soon for me to get so desperate for your company that I'd let you get away with treating me like a piece of trash?" She stepped back to evade his touch. "Get real, it's not going to happen."

"So melodramatic," he said. "That much hasn't changed about you."

"Worried I might embarrass you? That's pretty much a trademark. You always did your best to exclude me from any of your precious work functions. I guess that's why you're here-work. Charity was never very high on your list of priorities."

"You're right, this is a corporate invite. Business before pleasure, you know that's the way I need things to be."

"Business before everything, right? Except for slutty cocktail waitresses." Stanley had the ability to make certain words sound unbearably disgusting, especially ones that fed his pomposity. Words like corporate and business were like verbal tics. And then she noticed he was carrying a leather iPad case with his initials embossed in gold on it. She'd have laughed if she didn't feel the sudden urge to vomit all over his far-too-pointed shiny shoes. Stan was such a dick. If only she'd been able to see it when they were together.

He snorted in the condescending way he always did when she dared to contradict him or stand up for herself. "She has teeth now as well as a fancy outfit." And then he made a pathetic growling noise in the back of his throat that sounded like a drain. "Bite me, baby, I can take it. We were made for each other. Let's give it another try, you and me. What do you say?"

She stared at him with the most disgusted expression she could muster-how could she have stayed with him for so long? Or maybe he had grown more offensive? She felt the words come bubbling out, like a locked gate that had suddenly been opened after seven years. "You are, and always have been, a complete dick."

She turned to leave, but Stanley grabbed her by the wrist and gritted out a false smile, a baring of teeth that held the kind of warning she recognized immediately. "We haven't finished talking yet, honey pie. I'd like to introduce you to my new boss. He's been asking about my significant other and the timing's perfect for a surprise reunion."

"Let go of me," she said. "People will notice, you idiot."

"Then stop being difficult and come along nicely."

"No, Stan, we're over and there's no going back this time." She tugged ferociously to get free, but he was stronger. And people were beginning to stare. What the hell did he think he was going to achieve by this ridiculous caveman impression?

"Do we have a problem?" Matt's deep voice oozed authority and control, and one look at his face told her he wasn't in the mood for games. Dark eyes flashing like daggers, he looked utterly lethal. If there was ever a good time to swoon over hero material, this was it, and Piper was truly impressed with his timing.

"I don't think we've been introduced," Stanley snapped, but paled under Matt's scrutiny. "So why don't you mind your own business and leave us alone?"

"Because Miss Reilly is my business and I don't like the way you're handling her."

"Exactly who are you?" Stanley spluttered a fake laugh. "Security?"

Matt reared up to his full height. "I'm your host, Matt DeLeo. This is my party, and I don't recognize you."

Stanley let go of Piper's wrist and held his sweaty palm out to shake Matt's. "Stanley Saunders. I'm part of the Cooper and Slatt corporate party."

"Corporate, huh?" Matt folded his arms over his chest and nodded calmly. "I so hate that word." He turned his gaze on Piper and she felt overawed by his presence. She'd never seen him like this before, exuding power and authority. She'd be turned on if she wasn't so terrified about how this was going to turn out. "Is this guy the Stanley?"

Piper closed her eyes and nodded as she heard Stan take a sharp intake of breath.

"In that case, Mr. Saunders," she heard Matt say, "consider yourself uninvited. I don't let losers anywhere near my projects."

"Losers? How dare you," Stanley spluttered. "I graduated from Yale and have important clients all over the country."

Matt waved his hand around his head as if an insect was annoying him. "Yeah, yeah, yeah, great, big deal, now get out." A massive hulk of a security officer sidled up and politely gestured for Stanley to follow him. "And don't be surprised when you get called in by your boss in the morning because Cooper and Slatt is now on my blacklist."

Stanley glowered at her. "Well, I hope you're satisfied, Piper. You wrecked my career, you stupid little bitch."

Piper gratefully took the hand that Matt was offering her. She couldn't get away from her awful ex quickly enough and the feeling was liberating. There was nothing left in her heart for the man, and the last few minutes had erased any lurking doubts from her mind. He was a total douchebag. "Good-bye, Stan."

"I won't forget this," he hissed. "And you haven't seen or heard the last of me. Passion Creek isn't big enough for you to hide forever."

They watched him wriggle as the security guard almost lifted him off the floor as he was "guided" out of the gallery.

Matt blew air out through his teeth. "I hope you weren't still holding a flame for that jerk, because I think I just messed up your last chance."

"How will we ever buy a decent house and have babies now that you've trashed his entire career?" She winked at him when she saw a slash of horror cross his face.

He shrugged with relief when he realized she was joking. "Shit, was I that good?"

"Ballistic, nuclear, amazing."

"So no hard feelings?"

"Regarding Stan? No way, but I wasn't being paranoid about bumping into him, see?"

"Perhaps I need to talk to some people about that."

"Um, no, just leave it alone for now. It's over and he's a coward."

He scratched his chin and looked serious. "Okay, if that's what you want, but maybe you shouldn't go back to your place tonight. I'm guessing he's been there before?"

"I'll be fine and promise not to answer the doors to strangers once you've dropped me off."

"We can go now if you like."

He seemed genuinely concerned, which softened the brittle way she'd been feeling during the Stanley incident. "My nemesis has left the building, so let's do what we came here to do. And I've only seen one painting, for goodness' sake."

"And I think you've only had one drink, half of which that bonehead spilled all over you."

"Oh, I'm so sorry, I'll get it cleaned first thing."

"Nobody but you is ever going to wear that outfit, so if you want to wear it again, I'll pick up the dry cleaning bill. And if the stain doesn't come out, I'll get you a replacement."

"It's the most fabulous outfit I've ever worn," she said quietly. "I hope it's not ruined with that Champagne stain. I was going to ask you if I could keep it after the official PCB No.68 launch, you know, when we go our separate ways."

"Why would you need to ask that? I'm not going to try and squeeze into it." They both laughed as he pointed ironically to the breadth of his chest and the length of his legs compared to hers. "And no other woman could ever do it justice after you, Piper. Those heels are just...they're just wow."

"Thank you," she murmured, remembering how Stanley would sulk if she wore high heels because it made him look short. "Thank you for the compliment and for buying them for me."

"Don't thank me, it was all part of the deal." He snapped his gaze away from her. "I blackmailed you into it, remember?"

She had almost forgotten that small but pertinent detail, almost forgotten that she should be resenting every moment she spent with Matt DeLeo, but somewhere along the line she had slipped into wanting to be with him. It was a dangerous place to be. She had no long-term place in his life and no hope of ever achieving that-he'd made that absolutely clear and she'd been singing from the same hymn sheet ever since they'd met in Sanibel.

Perhaps it was the sudden, in-your-face contrast between Stanley and Matt that was unsettling her. Matt was the tall, dark, handsome hero versus the self-interested cheat who had made such a fool of her over the years. Her heart had been stamped on enough. She should take an immediate emotional step backward before she got terminally stung as well.

"I could do with another drink, that's for sure," she said, and he handed her a long, tall glass of something rose-colored and bubbly. She held the flute up to the light and squinted at it. "Perilously close to pink there, DeLeo, but I'll take it. Networking is thirsty work."

"Made any good contacts yet?"

"One very good one, a lady named Fiona Potts. She seems very interested in my jewelry."

"Ah, yes, Fiona, one of Passion Creek's most generous patrons, along with her husband. But they like to keep their philanthropy as private as possible. They do it for the right reasons, not just to look good."

"Mmm, this is nice," Piper said with raised eyebrows. "Raspberries, ginger...it doesn't taste like alcohol at all. What is it?"

Matt smirked and snatched up a canape from the table. "Try it with some of this duck liver pate."

Both her hands were full, one with the glass, the other with her purse so she had no choice but to let him feed her the dainty piece of toasted bread and its savory topping. She chewed slowly and nodded her approval. "Yum, that works well," she said after swallowing. "I could eat and drink a whole boatload of this."

He smiled and took a mouthful of the pink fizz himself. "I like it with mascarpone cheese or mussels in garlic."

She thrust her purse into his free hand. "Hold this while I find a plate. I'm absolutely starving, and I blame you entirely for your wine pairing expertise."

"It's not wine."

"Then... Oh no, you're kidding me? It can't be."

He twisted the stem of his wine glass to reveal a logo etched into the glass. "PCB No. 68 also goes very well with prune, cherry, and apricot tarts, according to the market research done so far. You are going to have an absolute blast at the launch. Don't have lunch that day."

"Pink beer. I just don't believe you got me to drink pink beer. I hate beer. But this doesn't taste like beer."

"Brewed in the same way, but with a secret blend of fruit and botanicals. Different, isn't it?"

She held the glass up to the light and stared at it. "And it's more of a blush rose color. Coral, fuchsia, or salmon, not nasty old pink."

"Where were you when I was brainstorming a name, Miss Piper? I feel the urge for an emergency rebranding exercise."

"Not on my account," she said and smiled as she spotted a pile of china plates stacked up a few yards away at the end of the table. "I'll be back in five and then you can do the same."

"Don't rush," he said and tucked her purse under his armpit. "There's someone I need to speak to quickly."

Three hours flew by in a whirlwind of food, drink, and swapping business cards as the entire gallery buzzed with laughter and excitement. "I can't believe I never noticed the PCB logo all over the place until you made me drink my first evil glass of beer," Piper said happily. "And you should have told me beforehand that you were the official sponsor of the evening."

"I didn't want to make you nervous."

"Who said I'd be nervous?"

"You might have been. I didn't want to put unnecessary pressure on you. And as for the evil beer, you didn't need to drink a few pints of it for my sake. I'd have understood."

He gave her one those bone-melting looks and she couldn't stop a stupid smile spreading across her face. It was the beer, just the beer, nothing else at all. "I think it's time I went home before I let myself down and get another refill. It's addictive."

"It's Passion Creek's very own love elixir," he whispered in her ear. "If you believe in that kind of thing."

She snorted. "I absolutely do not."

She watched as he caught the eye of the security guard standing by the exit and tapped an imaginary watch on his wrist. "Let's get out of here," he murmured. "Don't want to be here until dawn touching flesh and smiling sweetly."

"All for a good cause though," she said kindly. "For charity."

"Sure, but there's only a handful of people here tonight who aren't here because of self-interest." He shrugged. "Not that I care. As long as my foundation to expand access to educational opportunities is a few hundred thousand dollars better off, they can do what they like."

"Educational opportunities?"

"Scholarships for high-achieving minority students, poor students, computers in libraries so everyone can get on the grid. Everyone."

"Nice. Emptying the pockets of the rich to give to the poor. I like it."

"I want to put something back, give some of those city kids opportunities I never had. Make them less dependent on the incomes of their parents. Give them half a chance at least."

"A latter day Robin Hood?"

"That guy had more morals than I do." He indicated that she should head for the door and she felt the warmth of his hand guiding her between her shoulder blades. "And I haven't worn tights to work so far."

"Maybe you should try it." She giggled. "My lips would be sealed."

"Let's get out of here," he whispered into her neck as they made their way through the chattering crowds. "I want to kiss you."

Chapter Ten

I want to kiss you.

Those words thrilled her, but also left her speechless because she could hardly wait for him to follow through. She wanted his lips on hers, his strong arms pulling her into him and up against the hardness of his muscled torso. She wanted to sink into him and into sensual oblivion.

The exit door swung closed behind them and, without speaking, they rushed into the waiting elevator. It was empty: just them, the mirrored walls, and the sound of their breathing as the door slid shut. Piper lost herself in the sight of him for a moment and then tugged off the black sliver of silk around his neck. She stopped breathing for a second as he jabbed his fingers at the elevator control panel and the metal box lurched to a halt with a squeal. The interior lights stuttered, but to her relief they weren't plunged into darkness. "What the hell are you doing?"

"I said I wanted to kiss you."

"But what if someone thinks the elevator has broken down and they catch us-"

"Catch us?" The shock of the elevator grinding to a halt and the sudden, treacherous heat building between her thighs stole any words of reply. Her heart raced with excitement as his hand inched toward her face and delicately traced the contour of her cheekbone. His fingers threaded through her hair and bunched together firmly, gripping the back of her head as his lips slanted down over hers. "Then we should do this quickly."

She closed her eyes and tilted back her chin to bare her mouth and throat to his hovering lips. Her voice was husky. "You mean...in here? Elevator sex?"

"You started the list in Sanibel, remember?" he murmured and bit lightly at the soft skin of her throat. "Fantasy places to have sex. This is one of mine."

She pressed her body closer as his lips moved up to her ear, letting him nip gently while his free hand slid inside the light silk of her jacket to curve around her breast. Every part of her became sensitized as she felt him stiffen against her stomach. He pushed her gently back against the cool walls. She wound her arms tightly around his neck, dizzy with arousal, needing to feel and taste his skin. They both knew she was saying yes and his lips found hers, easing them effortlessly apart with his tongue.

He tasted like heaven and she moaned into him, fumbling with his shirt buttons, desperate to feel his hot, bare skin beneath her fingertips. It was like being back in Sanibel all over again where physical sensation overrode all sense of caution or restraint. Except this time it was even better because she knew what hard-muscled strength and sensuality lay beneath the fine fabric of his clothes. It was impossible to hide her eagerness when he squeezed her breast through her thin top and his hand moved from her hair to find the hem of her camisole. "Quickly," she muttered and helped him lift it over her chest.

She heard his breath catch. "Front-fastening bra..." His heartbeat was strong beneath her palm and she felt a rush of sensual power at being able to arouse such a powerful and attractive man with so little effort. "It's almost as if you planned this yourself."

Her voice was tight and breathy. "Did you plan this all along?"

His answer was another kiss, a stronger one as he undid the clasp of her bra and her breasts broke free of their lacy confines. His quick fingers dealt with the side button and zipper of her pants, which slithered like melting ice cream onto the elevator floor. She was beyond caring about the world outside her erotic prison already and trembled with anticipation as her silk panties were eased aside.

"God..." She groaned, her voice laced with lust as his fingers slid smoothly in. She arched and flexed, wordlessly encouraging him with her body to go harder, deeper, and higher.

"More?" His tone was forceful and wicked, matching the movement of his fingers, and she cried out as his other hand found her nipple and squeezed.

She could smell the gallery event clinging to his skin-alcohol, perfume, paint, and new carpet as her muscles clenched tightly around him. "Yes," she gasped, sensation zinging through her body at the intense pleasure he was inflicting. And then his hand fell away, his mouth closing over her tight red peak to suck and lick gently. He was prolonging her agonizing arousal and it was like riding an erotic wave, knowing that she would eventually crash but he was keeping her on the crest with his skillful touch. It was heaven letting him take control, but she wouldn't let his sweet punishment make her come before she wanted to. Not yet. This was too good and she was feeling greedy.

His hot fingers slipped out and upward over her sensitized bud, pausing for a second to swirl his fingertip over the most intimate part of her body. He ran that fingertip over her lipstick-smeared bottom lip, from left to right. "Taste how good you are," he whispered hoarsely, and she felt his erection kick into her belly. She flicked out her tongue to test the tip of his middle finger, his words having sent another intense surge of arousal coursing through her body. Rioting endorphins heightened her senses to the point that she could feel tingling in her toes and she went to kick off her red shoes.

"No, keep them on." He pushed away the hand trying to ease them off, neatly gripping her wrist and folding her hand behind her neck. She threw back her head and relished the feel of the cold glass on her knuckles as he shifted to press his thick erection between her thighs. The smooth material of his trousers with the rock hard promise of release underneath was sheer torture as her sex throbbed with intense need. She ached to unleash him, but he held her firm, turning his mouth to her breasts once again.

"Please," she panted as his fingers joined forces with his mouth, expertly manipulating each engorged bead until she was on the edge. She squeezed her eyes shut. "I want you to-"

He eased back, but she could still feel his warm breath on her skin. "Keep your eyes shut and touch your breasts for me." She followed his direction and her jaw dropped open to let out soft, eager breaths, knowing that he was watching her. "That's good." She heard rustling and the sound of his zipper being lowered. She was ready to come right there and then as she teased her own flesh, but she wanted the ultimate prize. "Come on, Matt," she insisted. "Please."

His body connected with hers in seconds, pushing hot and hard against her and gripping both her arms above her head as her kissed her fiercely. She was so ready for this and relished the feel of the cold, rough edge of his zipper on the skin of her thighs and stomach. They chafed like small teeth as he maneuvered himself and she hoped they would leave a mark on her pale skin, like a love bite, a possessive branding all his own.

"Open your eyes now," he said in a low voice. Her eyelids flickered open and took a moment to adjust to the bright light of the elevator, reflected in mirrors all around them, above and below.

"For God's sake," she uttered at the sight of him reflected in profile to her right. How had she blanked out the memory of how hot he was? He was going to make her come so fast and hard... "Don't make me wait-"

Her head fell back against the cold glass, like ice and snow against her hot flesh, and she opened herself wider, willing him to take her. One of his hands fell, leaving the other to bind her against the glass and steel, and his fingers parted her honey-wet lips with ease. She felt the hot tip of him between her thighs, hard and intense, and tried to wriggle herself onto it. But he held her steady, teasing her with butterfly kisses of sensation.

"You want?" he whispered and lifted one of her legs to wrap it around his body. She nodded silently as his arousal pushed at her hot entrance and a dart of erotic shock zipped through her as she felt how wet she already was. She wrapped the other leg around his hips as he slid easily into her, panting eagerly as his girth stretched and invaded her completely.

"I so need this," she moaned and threw her head back to find she had a perfect view of their coupling from the ceiling mirror above. She let out a sharp cry as he thrust into her roughly, but the sensation and the startled look on her own face in the mirror was the most erotic sensation she had ever experienced. It was like being a virgin all over again, but this time it felt good. This time she knew she would have an orgasm that would blow her mind.

"I'm sorry," he muttered. "I didn't mean to-"

"Sh." She tipped her pelvis into him and clenched around his hard flesh. "Don't stop." Her voice was hoarse and desperate sounding. "Do it."

He eased back slowly before plunging back in, burying himself to the hilt, and she responded to him greedily, sucking him in further with each powerful, narcotic thrust. He moved faster and their eyes met before he threw his head back and caught their reflection in the mirror as well. Both their mouths were full and red, their eyes wide like hidden voyeurs pleasuring themselves at the forbidden scene unfolding before them. "Bad girl," he said and increased his speed, tight balls pummeling against her as he drove harder into her.

"Yes." She bucked violently against him, the base of her spine feeling the punishment of the glass like her shoulders and wrists. "Bad girl."

"Let go," he grunted, his rigid length driving in and out. The feel of him swelling to even greater proportions, the tension of his muscles and the unmistakable knowledge that they had gone beyond the point of no return tipped her over into climax, ripping into her nervous system with waves of ecstasy and sweet erotic poison that had her screaming out his name like a mad woman.

Matt collapsed against her, spent and shaking, as the intercom crackled into life: the receptionist asking in sugary tones if everything was okay. Piper felt his grip loosen on her hands and her muscles clenched him firmly in defiance because she wasn't ready to let the best ride of her life go just yet.

"Everything is perfect," he said and took a long slow breath toward recovery. "A mechanical hitch, that's all," he said and shot Piper a devilish grin.

Chapter Eleven

Piper closed her front door and leaned back against it in the darkness as fatigue threatened to overwhelm her. She'd been very firm with Matt about not seeing her back to her apartment, but had allowed him to have a driver bring her home from the heliport. It had seemed a little rude to be so adamant about parting on the tarmac like that, especially after what had happened between them in the elevator, but she could instinctively tell that he would be very persuasive if she let him within five feet of her front door.

This place wasn't a palace, and it was mortgaged so it didn't even really belong to her. But it was her home and her sanctuary, and nobody got to invade it and make themselves at home unless they were going to stick around for a decent period of time. Ten more days in her life didn't count as a decent amount of time at all, so Matt was not coming in-this was the space where she would put her life back together when things got back to normal.

She sighed and rubbed her eyes before flicking on the light and throwing her purse down onto the sofa. And then her blood ran cold as she heard a key turning in the lock. She was frozen to the spot as the front door opened and her worst nightmare began.

"Hi, Red." Stanley was inside and shutting the door behind him before she could react, and he slumped back against the door with a can of cheap beer in his hand. "Good party. Didn't bring your new loverboy back with you tonight?"

Adrenaline gave her a voice even if fear had paralyzed her body. "He's...he's in the bathroom," she said quickly. "So you'd better get out of here fast. And that key was for emergencies, so give it back immediately."

"Forgot I still had it, didn't you?" He smirked. "This qualifies as an emergency, baby. I want you back and I'm here to get you."

"Matt!" she screamed and took a step backward, hoping to scare Stanley off. Her mind was racing, but she couldn't think clearly for sheer terror.

"Nice try, but we both know there's nobody else here. I watched you come in alone."

She felt sick. "You watched me?"

"I watched, I waited, and..." He made a tutting noise that unnerved her. "I forgot to knock. Sorry."

"I don't know what you're hoping to achieve by all this because we're not getting back together. Give me back my door key and go."

He eased himself away from the door. His jacket was disheveled and smelled of stale cigarette smoke. Her heart thumped painfully as he threw himself onto the sofa, stretched out, and made himself comfortable. "But, baby, it's cold outside."

"I'm serious, Stan. I'm asking you to leave." She spoke as slowly and calmly as she could, but she was beginning to feel helpless. "And give me the key back."

Her breath caught as he fished it out of his shirt pocket and twirled it in his fingertips, the metal glinting in the lamplight. "You'll have to come and get it."

"If you don't do as I say, I'll call the cops."

"They won't be interested in a domestic argument, sweetheart. They have much more important work to do, rescuing real damsels in distress."

"Domestic argument? You've broken into my house and you're threatening me!"

He shook his head sadly. "Poor, naive little Piper. I have a key, a key you gave me. And I'm your boyfriend. They'll charge you for wasting police time."

"You are not my boyfriend. You dumped me, remember?" Indignation overrode her fear. "The police will take my word over yours. You really must be drunk."

He stumbled to his feet and lurched toward her. "I made a mistake. Just seeing you looking like you did tonight made me realize what an ass I'd been and how much I miss you."

She shook her head in disbelief. "Don't you remember all the things you said to me on Christmas Eve? The list of reasons why you couldn't stand to spend another minute as my boyfriend?"

"Heat of the moment, babe. I don't know what got into me."

"No, Stan, no. It wasn't heat of the moment because you've been running me down and making me feel small almost since we first met at college." She raised her voice in the hope that the neighbors might hear the sound of arguing and counted the words off on her trembling fingers. "Stupid. Fat. Ugly. Embarrassing. Difficult. Deluded. Low class-"

He raised his voice, too. "Your mom's a cleaning woman and your dad drives a school bus."

"How did I ever put up with you?" She exhaled angrily and motioned to the front door. "Just get out. I have nothing more to say to you. Ever."

The sofa creaked and his hand grabbed her by the throat. "We're not done," he grunted into her ear, his hot nicotine breath making her flesh crawl. Then he reached around her to grab a breast. "I'm going to remind you what you've been missing these last few months and you're going to damn well enjoy it. We were going to make babies together some day. Remember that?"

"No! Stop it."

The breath left her body as he twisted her round and kissed her neck with hot, slippery lips. "I know you've missed me," he grunted as she wriggled and tried to push him away. "Stanley's here to give it to you big time, baby, you know you want to-"

He froze at the sound of the doorbell ringing and then slammed his hand over her mouth before she could call out. She kicked out at his shins, but couldn't hurt him enough without her shoes on-it just had the effect of making him angry as well as surprised.

"Quiet," he whispered harshly, pushed her against the wall and shoved her legs wide by jamming his feet against her ankles so she couldn't kick him further. "Sh."

Her heart hammered with fear and hope as the doorbell rang again, and then came the sound of a fist banging on it. She spluttered against his clammy hand and tried to bite his flesh, but his grip was too tight and she was struggling to breathe. The lights were on, thank God, so whoever it was would know there was someone inside. Or at least she hoped they would.

She prayed silently that whoever it was wouldn't just walk away and leave her alone with Stanley. She wriggled and thrashed like a trapped eel and tried to make as much noise as she could, but Stanley's ever-tightening grip and the weight of his body pinning her to the wall meant she couldn't get out more than a muffled squeal.

The bell rang again and this time the person outside didn't take their finger off it. That wasn't the behavior of teenagers fooling around, so maybe help was just a few feet away. Stan had never been this crazed before and she was scared, really scared.

"Piper, I know you're in there, so open up!" shouted Matt. Her heart leaped and Stan's grip became even more vicious.

Silence.

Seconds ticked by, and she could feel confusion and hesitation pulse from Stan's hot fingertips as she swallowed in the thick silence. Then heavy blows raining down on the door startled him and his grip slackened for a second-long enough for her to seize her chance and bite his palm as hard as a she-devil.

Stan screamed with pain and jumped back cursing. "You bitch!"

"You bastard!" she yelled back, twisting out from under him and grabbing a table lamp to fend him off. She was able to breathe properly now, but was seeing stars from lack of oxygen, and the taste of Stan's blood in her mouth made her want to puke. "Get out!"

Then there was a click, the sound of fast, heavy footfalls on the carpet, a blur of black, red, and white, and Stanley's yelp as a fist crunched into his jaw. He fell backward with a crash into her bookshelf. A black-suited hulk Piper had never seen before picked him up by the neck like a garbage bag, and Stanley's feet dangled pathetically as he was manhandled out of the front door.

Matt held her by the shoulders before she could catch her breath again. "Are you okay?" Black fire blazed from his eyes.

"Yes, yes, I'm fine," Piper said and shakily pulled her jacket around herself. "The blood is his."

Matt pulled a silk handkerchief from his inside jacket pocket. "I'll call a doctor to check you out."

"No really, I'm just shaken up, he didn't get a chance to...to actually do anything."

Matt pushed the front door shut with one finger. "I knew he'd be trouble. You should've let me come back with you. Let's lock up here and I'll run you down to the hospital so you can get checked over."

"Seriously, no, I don't want that. I'm okay." Piper leaned weakly on a chair back and just stared at him for a few moments. He was still looking like the ultimate socialite in his black suit but for a few stray hairs after that undignified scuffle. He still made her heart beat faster, maybe even more so after saving her. But maybe she was just in a state of shock.

"If you're sure..."

"I am." She rubbed the back of her hand over her neck where she'd been held. "How did you know? How did you get in?"

Matt bent to pick up a strip of plastic from the floor. "One two-liter soda bottle and thirty seconds is all it takes with a crappy front door like yours. You need a deadbolt fitted. And that security chain won't work unless you actually secure it from the inside when you get in."

"You did that? You broke in with a plastic bottle?"

"Not me. Frank." He nodded his dark head toward the cheap door. "The big guy who's about to throw your ex, the jerk off, into the garbage dumpster, unless you want me to stop him and call the police instead? Or arrange for something more permanent?"

Maybe she should call the police. "No, no, the dumpster is fine."

"I knew you'd say that." He shook his head. "Anyone would think he still had you wrapped around his little finger the way you protect him."

"I'm not protecting him." She felt indignation rising as her heart rate slowed. "But there's nothing much they can do now. You and your 'friend' did a much more effective job, I'm sure. He won't be back now, not after being humiliated twice in one night."

"Are you 100 percent sure of that? Because there are two witnesses now who saw what he was doing to you, and I'm pretty sure we all know what he was about to do before he got his butt kicked." He frowned. "He's dangerous, Piper."

"He's also a coward," she said. "I know him, he won't be back."

"You can't be sure of that. And what about your sister and your cat? Who knows what that maniac is capable of? Promise me you'll talk to the police in the morning-I'll come and drive you to the station. Or we could do it now."

She shook her head. "In the morning, I promise, but on my own. I don't need my hand held."

"Okay, have it your way." He sighed and brushed her tightly clenched fist with his knuckles. "You can't stay here on your own now, it's not safe. Let me stay with you if you won't leave with me."

He had a point, but she had to dust herself off and face reality at some point after all this, and she still had an unanswered question. "Why did you come over when I asked you not to?"

"Do you wish I hadn't?"

"Of course not, but no meant no. It really did."

He sighed and looked at the ceiling. "Okay, I sent Frank over to keep an eye on things after you were dropped off this evening. Just in case."

Her jaw dropped open. "You had me under surveillance? Spying on me?"

"Just looking after your welfare," he said quietly, but had the grace to look awkward. "If it hadn't been necessary to intervene, you would never have known."

"So that makes it all right?" She crossed her arms over her chest to stop herself from shaking. Shock over what had just happened was setting in. "I'm beginning to wonder what your real motive was. Control freaks do this kind of thing, Matt. Is that what you are? A control freak?"

He shrugged and looked around him. "You're right, I didn't get where I am today without needing to be in control. And total control at that, so maybe I deserve that label." He nudged the toe of his shoe thoughtfully against the leg of the coffee table. "My name is Matt DeLeo and I'm a control freak."

Was history just about to repeat itself? Could she even consider letting a man take control of her life again? "It's not that funny from where I'm standing. Stanley's a control freak, and I don't want to be around guys like that anymore."

His face darkened. "I might just have saved your life a second time if that counts for anything at all. And I'm sure as hell not another dickwad like Stanley."

Matt was right and now, as well as feeling revulsion at being assaulted by her ex, she felt miserable for not even saying thank you. Great. "I get that, and I'm grateful. Thank you."

"Thank you, but good-bye?"

She needed some time alone, some space and silence to work through the sickening events of the last half hour. To heal, like a wounded animal. "Sophie's at my parents' house. We had a heart-to-heart a few days ago about her staying here because it wasn't working out. She doesn't live here anymore, and we're both fine with that." She gave him a weak smile. "I'll be fine here on my own now, Matt, and when you go, I'll put the chain on properly just to make sure, okay? I usually do, but Aspen enjoys playing with it dangling there. Makes one hell of a noise, it's a miracle the neighbors haven't complained."

"You could come back to my place."

"And which 'your place' would this be? One of your cabins? A studio over a burger bar? Some prime office space?"

"Actually it's a five-star penthouse suite at the Crowne Embassy a few blocks away. For a few days. There's a gym and you get breakfast made for you-"

"Matt, it's a place, not your place. It's not your home. I don't know how you can stand it, moving around all the time."

"I don't have to worry about cleaning," he said wryly as he looked around her living room. "Or clutter."

"Once I've cleaned up, it'll stay that way now that Sophie's moved out. But y'know, some of us like clutter, stuff that holds memories to comfort us, to help us remember good times."

"And bad times? Do you keep stuff that reminds you of all the shitty things that happen?" He picked up Stanley's empty beer can, crushed it, and looked her hard in the eye. "It's hard enough to forget some of the shit in my life as it is. Reminders I do not need."

She didn't want to go any further with this. Even though she ached to know what had made this man so averse to putting down roots or forming ties, she sensed it would pull her more into his orbit. She couldn't risk taking a glimpse of this tortured hero's past history. It would be like following Alice down the rabbit hole and she only had ten days to find her way out.

"We're very different, you and I," she murmured and cast her eye over the piles of magazines, junk mail, and pens lying about the place. "You must think I'm crazy, too."

"I think you're amazing and beautiful and..." He pulled a crochet blanket off the back of the sofa and wrapped it around her shoulders. "And you're worth so much more than all this."

Piper made a snorting noise. "I must also be delirious. You'll never guess what I thought I just heard you say."

"Huh?"

"Amazing and beautiful. I don't think anyone has ever said that to me before."

"You must have only dated jerks before in that case." He squeezed her shoulders through the blanket. "Are you sure you won't let me stay and look after you? I'll take the sofa."

She shook her head. "I'll be fine, really, and I'd prefer to be alone right now. This is my home, and it's kind of sacred right now, a place for just me and Aspen to live in. Does that make sense?"

He nodded. "All right, but someone will be watching this place until I'm convinced you're safe. At least until that police report is filed."

"Okay, I know there's no point in arguing with you, and I need some sleep."

"You can sleep after tonight?"

"I'm exhausted, I need to try. So should you." She closed her eyes as he kissed her on the cheek. "I need to be alone now, Matt."

And within seconds, she actually was. When she opened her eyes, Matt DeLeo had left as surprisingly as he had arrived and had taken a crushed beer can with him.

Chapter Twelve

"You look amazing," Matt said two days later, as Piper slid into the backseat of the luxurious limousine that had been waiting outside her apartment for ten minutes. "I'm sorry we're starting a little earlier than planned, but I need to talk to you about something before we get to the wedding."

They were heading to the wedding of the year in a vehicle with blacked-out windows and Piper was dreading it. "Is that why your driver isn't actually driving and is propped up against wall smoking a cigarette? I have this sudden sinking feeling..."

"Did you file that police report?"

Piper sighed. "Yes, boss, I filed the police report just like I said I would. They're doing what they need to do."

Matt nodded stiffly. "And if they want to speak to me or Frank-"

"They have your number, don't worry."

"Good." Matt glanced at the chauffeur outside for a second and then gave her all his attention. "I've been thinking things over in the last couple of days. Longer than that. The thing is..." He stared at her and she was sure she saw a spark of something in the chestnut depths of his eyes, like the fizz of a comet in the night sky, gone before you even knew it was there. "Piper, the chemistry between us is off the scale. Look what happened in the elevator two nights ago and how close it came to happening in the cabin during the storm. This isn't a one-sided infatuation we're dealing with here."

Infatuation? Is that what he had once thought it was?

"I wasn't expecting that." She raised her eyebrows with surprise. "I don't really know what to say-"

"Don't say anything yet, just listen." His face became animated. "I have a new proposal for you."

"Oh God, no."

"Listen to me, hear me out for just a minute."

She was tired and cranky, but she knew by now he wasn't the kind of person who ever gave up, so she might as well listen. "Go on."

"I'll release you from all future engagements, even the spring beer launch party at the mayor's mansion if you like, if we can agree to find a way to burn this thing out between us. A fling, let's call it that. Lots of fun, no stress, maybe some no-strings sex, just enough to get Piper and Matt out of our systems. The strain of this will kill me otherwise."

She shook her head. "You're crazy."

But the really scary thing was that she secretly agreed with him. She hadn't been able to get him out of her mind since they'd last been together, in spite of what Stanley had done. As the shock of the assault faded, the tenderness Matt had shown her, the caring gestures, and his protectiveness had a deep effect. She wanted to be near him in spite of everything, and the way her hormones were now going wild... He was right, they had to do something, but she needed to guard her heart.

"I'm crazy?" he said. "So is this thing going on between us. We can't risk another event where we have to have sex in a public place. It's only a matter of time before we get caught."

Remember, it's just great sex, nothing more.

She let out a laugh. "You could blame it on the pink beer."

She could tell by his expression that he was genuinely considering the idea. "Maybe my excellent beer helps things along, but I still can't get you out of my head. I'm crazy about you."

Those were strong words, and maybe she should feel scared by his admission, too much too soon, an infatuation on his part driven by the amazing sex they had shared. This was probably just a guy thinking with his dick and saying what she wanted to hear to get her in the sack. But wasn't she crazy about him too? For real?

She was also reluctantly impressed by how far he was prepared to go for her. Trashing his precious PR campaign at this late stage to get what he wanted was a serious sacrifice, she knew that. Maybe his suggestion was a good way to move forward, a clinical solution to the physical symptoms they were experiencing. She didn't need any more hassle and stress, but...

"I need to think about this."

"Sure."

"What if I say no?"

"Then we'll be back where we started: me blackmailing you with black lacy panties behind the bar, a big beer launch, and inevitable sex in awkward places." He shrugged. "You have forty-five minutes before we get to the wedding of the year. Is that long enough? I won't interrupt your thoughts, I promise."

True to his word, he didn't utter a word as they sped through the Colorado landscape. Piper stared blankly out at the blur of ragged mountains, snow, pines, and rock. Her body wanted her to say yes to his proposal-heck, so did her brain if it meant she could avoid more events like the gallery opening-but she couldn't bring herself to open her mouth and commit. None of this seemed right. Or maybe it all seemed too easy.

"We're almost there." His palm rested on her leg and a bolt of awareness rocketed straight between her thighs. "So, what's your answer?"

Her heart felt too large for her chest as it pulsed with adrenaline. She had to say something. "Matt, I'm just not sure."

He sighed and pressed a button on his armrest to activate the privacy screen between them and the driver. "Then I'm going to have to prove something to you."

His arm snaked over her waist and, before she could protest, his mouth was down on hers, kissing her without restraint. She wriggled and squealed with protest for a second or two, held firm by the seat belt and by his other determined hand holding her jaw steady. But as his tongue probed and explored her mouth, she crumbled and melted into him like she always did. It was so unfair that her body refused to obey her brain and that hormones were so unbelievably potent, like a narcotic drug for which there was no effective antidote except orgasm. It was insane-just one touch from this man and she was like an animal in heat.

His hand slid up between her thighs and she felt his thumb press against her through the silk of her panties. Then he began to circle slowly. She arched her back, instinctively seeking more, either the length of his fingers inside her or the feel of him on her breasts. She couldn't believe how responsive her body was to him. Just the flick of his finger and she was his. It felt wonderful...

He broke the kiss, but his lips were just inches from hers. "You see? It's still there, this wildfire attraction, and it's not going away unless we feed it and let it burn itself out."

She moaned and closed her eyes as he continued to work between her legs. "Don't..."

His finger moved under the elastic of her underwear. "Don't stop? Or don't do this?"

He slipped inside her slick heat and ran his finger up and down slowly until she began to pant and squirm against his hand. "Yes," she gasped.

Her eyes flew open as he suddenly withdrew, leaving her feeling cold and frustrated. "What?"

"Sexual blackmail this time, Piper. No more orgasms until I get the answer I want."

"Douchebag."

He shrugged the insult off and arched a dark eyebrow at her. "Whatever label you put on it, we're having that fling anyway. It's unstoppable, so you might as well give in and agree. We'll still call it quits after launch day on the fifteenth."

She stared at him as he sucked his finger into his mouth. It hurt that he was so confident he'd have had enough of her by then, but...what was she thinking? It had always been about sex, just sex for both of them. Straight up. There was never going to be any future for them. They wanted different things. "Midnight on the fifteenth and it's all over? And I don't have to go to the beer launch if I don't want to?"

"Nope." He ran his hand through his hair. "But it'll be a great party. Everyone who is anyone in the Passion Creek business world will be there if they can. I'd like to have you there if you have nothing else planned."

She laughed bitterly as she pulled down her dress. "I have nothing planned, believe it or not."

"So it's a deal? And a date?"

"It's a fine example of your control freakery all over again. You're scheduling me and making crazy deals and I should resist you with my last breath. But okay, I'll go to the party."

His eyes brightened. "Only eight days left. Eight days of no-strings sex, whenever we want. You like sex with me, I like sex with you. You get to promote your business, I get laid, you get laid, and we'll both be very happy."

"You make it sound so simple."

"It is." He adjusted his jacket as the car passed through the gates of the exclusive Bosco di Montagne Mountain Chateau, where the wedding was soon to take place. "And we're here now, so let's enjoy ourselves."

Piper stepped out of the limo and smoothed down the pale aqua silk of her shift dress over her thighs. The wedding of the year and she'd never had so much couture collateral clinging to her body. She had discovered to her disgust that you really did get what you paid for-not only was her outfit stunning, it fit like a second skin, just a whisper of a garment on her body. It was gorgeous. And her hands were trembling. Even a car journey with Matt DeLeo turned out to be something much more than she could ever have anticipated.

"It's colder than it looks out here." She crossed her arms as she and Matt joined the shivering crowd of guests heading for the warmth of the wedding venue's front desk. The bright medley of hats and dresses was like a sea of extra-large confetti bobbing up and down, with excited chatter and laughter bouncing off the still quietness of the banks of snow that surrounded the estate. This couldn't be anything other than a wedding; it reeked of anxiety, oozed with joy, and rustled with designer labels.

"See what I meant about the clothes now?" he said. "There's a lot of money here today."

Her heart leaped as she caught a glimpse of Melanie's head in the distance. She was busy greeting guests and ushering them into the fleet of horse-drawn sleighs that would take them to the wedding chapel. Piper smiled as she remembered her buddy's excuse for not replying to her texts and emails on the night of the storm. At last Melanie seemed to be getting a taste of romance, and she sincerely hoped it would turn out well. It certainly stood a better chance than her own morally questionable, sex-fest, non-relationship with Matt DeLeo.

Half an hour later, everyone was settled in their beribboned seats, and a hush descended as the harpist began to play the bride up the aisle. The ceremony itself went off perfectly, a carefully choreographed occasion adorned with silver lanterns, church candles, and pink roses set against a natural backdrop of mountains and snow. The quaint chapel set deep in the foothills was almost magical, with guests still breathless and excited by their sleigh rides. It was the perfect choice for a wedding at the tail end of winter. The vows were made, the happy and impossibly handsome couple kissed, and Piper knew Melanie would still be nervous. She always was until the whole thing was over, but that was what made her so good at her job. A perfectionist down to the tiniest detail.

A nudge at her elbow made her look at Matt sitting next to her. He was offering her a handkerchief. "And?" she said with disdain.

"You're supposed to be wiping away tears of joy, overwhelmed with the romance of the ceremony by now."

"Not me," she said smartly as the front rows of guests obediently stood to follow the bride and groom out of the chapel. She lowered her voice to a whisper. "I can't stand weddings." She wanted to make a comment about divorce statistics, but stopped herself just in time as she realized how inappropriate that would be.

He shoved the hankie back in his pocket. "You're the first woman I've ever met who didn't become an emotional mess at a wedding."

"Really? Then you haven't looked very closely. How many weddings have you been to?"

"A lot. Most of my friends and colleagues are in their thirties, or at least their girlfriends are." He winked. "Those darned biological clocks start ticking real loud about then."

She sniffed and looked around to see if anyone in their row was making a move. "If you say so."

"Dysfunctional relationship? Your mom and dad?"

"No." She glared at him. "What have they got to do with anything? They've been happily married for thirty years."

"So what have you got against weddings?"

It was a question she'd never been asked before and it took her a moment to remember why these occasions made her cringe so much. She blew out a breath of air before replying. "It just seems like such a huge waste of money."

Matt's face crumpled for a second and he appeared to be having a coughing fit.

Other guests were beginning to stare and Piper frantically slapped him on the back a few times. "Are you okay?" She felt panicky. Had he been chewing gum or something? "Matt?"

His head fell between his knees and she heard him draw a steadying breath before saying, "That is one of the funniest things I've ever heard."

"Idiot." She stood up and shoved her purse under her arm. "I thought you were dying or something."

"I might." He chuckled again before sitting upright. "I'm sorry I lost it there. There's something about the way you say stuff sometimes that really cracks me up."

She frowned down at him, not entirely immune to the laughter lines at the corners of his deep brown eyes. She took a quick look around them and was relieved to see that everyone had lost interest in them. She dropped her voice a few decibels just to make sure she didn't offend anyone. "So you love this kind of thing? For richer, for poorer, and all that?"

He made a grunting noise and stood up. "Maybe my dad would have stuck around longer if he'd married my mother. It would've been harder for him to walk out, I guess."

"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. It must have been hard on you both."

He shrugged and indicated that they should follow the crowd outside. "It sucked, but I only met him once, so it wasn't like I was that emotionally attached."

She had turned away from him, but twisted her head to see a hardness settle on his features, all the laughter gone. "Just once?"

He lifted an eyebrow. "He came to get some old vinyl LPs he'd left when I was about eight-he said they were worth a few dollars and he'd send some cash along when he could. He didn't." His hand gave a little push at the base of her spine to urge her forward. "I still feel like a dick for getting all excited when Mom said he was coming over. He was never interested in me."

"I'll bet he is now that you've got some money," she said sourly and felt angry for the little boy that would have given his father unconditional love.

"Piper, I really might as well not exist where he's concerned. He may even be dead. I don't know and I don't care."

The reception room was as magical as the chapel, but more relaxed with balconies, fireplaces, and a stone-paved floor below another soaring arched roof. Real candles flickered from chandeliers, and the round tables lining three sides of the room were dressed in white and silver with a scattering of pink rose petals. Piper's heart was in her mouth when she saw that each one had a coral tea light holder on it, tiny, fragile pieces that had taken her weeks to make, but had paid her mortgage for a couple of months. God bless Melanie!

The huge water feature covering the back wall, a replica of a waterfall, caught her eye. It was so realistic it reminded her of the one behind Matt's cabin. She'd never seen anything like it or been to such an impressive venue before, and probably wouldn't again, but now that she saw her work where it belonged, her mind was racing with possibilities for future commissions. And dipping back into work mode took her mind off Matt's troubling revelation about his father.

They were seated with two other couples. She'd been briefly introduced to the Dodges at the art gallery opening, and then there were Mr. and Mrs. Computer or something like that, she couldn't remember their names. Dull, small-talk specialists, all of them, and Piper reminded herself to mention to Matt that this was another reason she hated weddings. Being stuck for hours on end with people you didn't know and didn't like was complete torture.

"So dear," Mrs. Dodge said as Piper was just about to enjoy another of the stuffed shrimp en brochette hors d'ouevres. The pink chiffon ruff of the woman's dress reminded her of something her aunt put over toilet paper rolls, even if it had cost a small fortune. "What exactly do you do?"

There was more than a drop of saccharine in the older woman's voice, and her first instinct was to snap back actually, nothing, I'm a kept woman, like most of you. How often do you have to spread your legs for old man Dodge there? But she managed to smile sweetly and remember her manners even though she knew damn well she was being looked down on. An outsider. Not one of the "set."

"I'm self-employed," she said calmly and wasn't in the least bit surprised to see Mrs. Dodge recoil slightly.

"That's nice..."

Piper took a long swallow of champagne and shot a venomous look at Bob Dodge, who had just pinched the last bacon-wrapped shrimp with its delicious melted cheese and jalapeno topping. It had been hers by rights, but he just grinned at her like an idiot and chewed heartily.

"I make products out of things I find on the beach." She was deliberately making herself sound like a scavenger, but she wouldn't want this woman wearing her jewelry in any case. Piper would never be a billionaire like Matt, and she was going to keep her soul out of the marketplace.

Mrs. Dodge's brow furrowed so that the expensive foundation she was wearing crinkled into tawny waves like sand dunes. Her silver hair was crinkly, too, but in an extremely coiffured and hair sprayed kind of way, and Piper had noticed that she hadn't touched a crumb of food. "How interesting," the desiccated one intoned.

Piper primed herself to make a barbed reply but, to her irritation, Matt busted in on her. "Piper makes pretty little things like this, Pauline." He picked up the coral candleholder and held it in the flat of his palm. "All the way from Sanibel Bay in Florida."

Pauline Dodge's mouth pursed into the shape of a cat's ass. "Oh, we like it down there, don't we, Bob?"

"So do we, don't we, Piper?" Matt put down the candle and gave her a false, sweet grin. She could feel her face turn as red as a rougheye rockfish. How dare he bring Florida into this. Did he think this was a subtle way of warning her to behave? He smirked and ignored the light kick she gave him under the table. "Everything down there is so hot when it's freezing up here."

Yes, yes, I've got it. Shut up, Matt.

Piper smiled back and was relieved the waiting staff had just delivered huge plates of beef tenderloin medallions served with a roasted garlic and brandy sauce. A distraction and an excuse not to converse until she was done and her plate was clean. And she intended on eating really, really slowly.

"We cruise usually," Pauline Dodge said between delicate nibbles of asparagus. "And then spend some time in Naples. At our villa, naturally."

Naturally.

Bob Dodge coughed as he chewed a large piece of sauteed potato. "You two should pop by and visit next time we're all down that way. How's about next month? Not too hot, not too cold around then."

"Next month is a very bad time for me," Piper said quickly. "But it's a lovely thought."

"Say, Matt, that's too far off anyway. How about supper at the ranch sometime this week? Just the four of us-you could bring a barrel of your beer and the little ladies could talk about weddings and babies."

Piper glared at Matt. Not only had Bob Dodge completely ignored her, he seemed to think she was an inferior unworthy of being consulted. Like Matt was her master or something, his chattel to bring along to tedious soirees. Matt had better say something quickly or she'd explode.

"This next week is going to be crazy, Bob, you know that, with the new beer coming out."

"Oh yeah," the older man said and wiped some grease off his chin with the back of his hand. "That party at Mayor Cobbett's is going to be something else. I can hardly wait. So after that? Let's have a cookout."

Matt shook his head. "Afraid that won't be possible. I've been meaning to mention it for some time, but I'm leaving Passion Creek on the sixteenth, the morning after the big party."

Man, Matt DeLeo knew how to lie to get himself out of an awkward situation. But she'd forgive him a sneaky fake excuse this time. Piper inhaled sharply and covered the lower half of her face with a napkin, pretending to dab away some sauce. She couldn't risk anyone at that table seeing her cracking up with laughter at what he'd just announced. She would be expected to be upset about the news. Unless, of course, he was going to add that he was taking her away from Passion Creek with him. And that wasn't going to happen.

Chapter Thirteen

Silence fell over the table, and even Mr. and Mrs. Computer looked shocked, but Piper was struggling to keep a straight face behind her crisp linen veil.

Excellent job, Matt DeLeo, awkward dinner invitation avoided with a ridiculous excuse, and they were all buying it.

Bob Dodge wiggled his jaw as if there was a piece of food stuck in his teeth. "Leaving?"

"Yes. It's time I spread my wings and delegate my powers here in Colorado. I've been looking to expand my outlets for a while now."

Mousey Mrs. Computer spoke for the first time and looked genuinely distressed. Thinking about it, Matt was probably quite a heartthrob in Colorado IT circles. "But you're going to leave? Just like that?"

Matt nodded. "I've been here years now and I've outgrown the place." He pushed his plate away. "I will miss you all, but Florida is next on my list. And New York-it's been a while since I caused trouble there. I'm sure they'll be happy to see me back."

It was only a matter of time before awkward questions were going to get asked about where Piper fit into his plans. He could deal with the probing and she could certainly live without dessert. "If you'll excuse me for a moment," she said. "I need to visit the restroom."

"Aw," she heard Bob Dodge say as she walked quickly away from the table. "Looks like you're going to break that poor gal's heart in two."

"She'll be fine," Matt said harshly and then something else she couldn't make out as she rushed through a set of double doors. He was quite an actor and she hoped he had a fine reason stored up in that lying mouth of his for when he was still in business and pulling pints at the Railway Tavern come summer.

Piper snagged a couple of glasses of pink fizz as she legged it out of the reception room. Two glasses because she had no intention of going back in there until it was all over, the cake had been cut, and the excruciating toasts were finished. It was rude, but so were a lot of people here. She didn't care.

"Can I help you, madam?" a young member of staff with a pristine black waistcoat asked with genuine concern in his eyes.

"I just need some air," she said and then for some reason, possibly to inject a sense of urgency and credibility, added, "and a cigarette."

He smiled and nodded. "This way."

She followed him down a stone-lined corridor and then through a glass door that led onto a huge balcony overlooking the mountains. There were comfortable armchairs and low tables with heavy cut glass ashtrays, overseen by large halogen heaters that glowed with warmth in the fresh biting air.

"Do you need a light?" the young man said as she put her beer glasses down on a table.

"Actually, I need a cigarette first," she said wryly and was met with a knowing smile.

"Any particular brand?"

"No," she said quietly, amazed at the level of service in this place, and then felt a bolt of extreme rebellion streak through her. "Something that looks elegant, long and slim, possibly even black."

"I'll be back shortly," he said and disappeared through the door.

If she was going to be bad, she might as well be disgustingly bad. She hadn't touched a cigarette in years, although she'd never been a serious smoker. It had felt grown-up and sophisticated to smoke when she was a teenager and all her friends had tried it, but as she grew older and gave up the habit, she was ashamed to remember preaching about what an evil it was to anyone who had the nerve to light up. God, she must have been annoying. She would remember to keep her opinions to herself in the future and let people live however they damn well pleased.

"So here you are." Matt eased through the door using a broad shoulder and strolled toward her with a sundae glass of ice cream in one hand and a silver cigarette case in the other.

"Are you GPS tracking me?"

He smiled and put the glass dish down on the table next to her glasses. "No, I don't need to. I can feel where you are."

Piper made a snorting noise in the back of her throat. "Gimme a break."

"No, seriously, I asked the concierge if he'd seen a goddess with red hair. He had, I gave him a ten dollar bill, and now you're busted." He flicked open the cigarette case. "Now this is a bad habit."

"Only if you can't stop at one recreational, nostalgic stick of cancerous badness."

"Can you stop at one?"

"Yes."

"So why do it?"

She shrugged. "The taste, the kick, the nicotine hit, the forbidden fruit of it. It's a stupid, expensive thing to do, but sometimes I have to do something totally evil that only hurts me."

Matt nodded to a couple who'd just appeared about fifty yards away. "You're not alone in that. " She took one of the slender Nat Sherman black and gold cigarettes and he did the same. "We're not alone."

"Just the one, agreed?"

He shrugged. "Sure, we'll give the concierge his silver cigarette case back pretty much intact."

"We should leave him a tip. I can't imagine these little beauties come cheap."

"If you say so, but this is a very clever way of getting his fancy cigarettes for free-our room account will be debited with a pack of twenty and he gets to keep eighteen."

She laughed. "Oh well, you're paying."

"Actually, yes, I am, and it wasn't easy getting a room here for the night. I booked us in independently when I had to choose your courses for the wedding banquet."

"You didn't think to ask me?"

"No, I'm a control freak, remember?"

"The food was very nice. Thank you."

He clicked the lighter into life and offered her the flame. "The bride's parents paid for the food and drink."

Piper lit her cigarette and took a quick puff. "Damn, did you see how that Bob guy stuffed everything that wasn't nailed down into his face? No wonder his wife is so freaking thin and brittle."

"She used to be a very large lady. Lost seventy pounds or something years back when they were trying for kids. Made no difference." Matt lit his own cigarette and it made him look like a black and white film star. She melted inside. "Personally I think Bob's been firing blanks for years after pickling himself with liquor, but that's somewhere our conversations never go."

"No, that's just as well, but obviously if I'd known, I wouldn't have been so snippy with her."

"Forget it. She's still a difficult, snobby social climber so don't feel guilty."

"Thanks." She took another drag of the cigarette and exhaled slowly, letting its toxicity take effect, anticipating the dizzy high that would soon follow. "So tell me, how are you going to get out of that outrageous lie?"

Blue smoke curled from his sensuous lips as he appeared to consider her question. "Which one would that be?"

She giggled. "Doh! The one where you said you were leaving town to avoid dinner with the Dodges."

He stubbed his cigarette out after just one puff and tipped his head to one side with an expression of regret. "It wasn't a lie."

"For real?"

"You sound like Pippa."

"Pippa?"

"The lady at our table with the yellow feathers on her head."

"Oh, her... Mrs. Computer." Piper killed her cigarette, too. She suddenly felt sick and overwhelmed with regret. It wasn't just because of the cigarette either. "You kept that quiet, the fact that you're leaving very soon."

He shrugged. "I did a shift at the Railway Tavern last night for the first time in a while. Stood there pulling at the same old taps, chewing the fat with the same old guys, talking about the same old things, and it occurred to me that I know just about every detail of their personal lives, their sex lives, their hopes and fears...and it felt like a big hand was coming out to strangle me."

"Maybe you should reconsider your role as a bartender. That's kind of what they're supposed to do, right? Listen? Counsel and pour out liquid courage, tell the gang what they want to hear?"

"Exactly. Like I'm part of their lives or something."

"But, Matt, you are part of their lives. There's nothing you can do about that now."

"But I can. And I am. That's why I'm leaving and starting up somewhere new. Somewhere without vacation postcards pinned up behind the bar, thank you letters, pictures of me and the guys and big fish they've caught on the walls." He sighed and looked into the middle distance toward the mountains and bright blue sky. "I don't have a place to call home because it's only a matter of time before you start to collect things, and then you get attached to them, irrational emotions take over, and you end up in a mess where you can't move on. And you can't forget things you really want to when there are reminders all over the place. The spaces where I sleep, shower, and get dressed are clean because I have control over that and they're not really mine, but stuff comes into the tavern and I can't stop it."

"What don't you want reminding of?" she asked gently, but sensed almost immediately that she would be added to the Forget List very shortly.

"Just about everything important," he said flatly. "My mom, the place I should be able to call home, and my dog."

"Your dog?"

"Timmy, a mongrel stray that stole my heart and then got killed." His Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed. "I won't be making that mistake again."

"Oh dear, that's so sad." Piper immediately thought of Aspen and how she'd feel if anything happened to her. And then how tender Matt had been around the animal. Her heart twisted. "I'm sure you gave him a wonderful life in the time you had together."

"Stepfather of the moment didn't like him. It wasn't that great for me or the dog."

"Oh."

"I buried him in the backyard in Boston and then I left for good. Not a smart move for a sixteen-year-old, but I turned out okay in the end. Financially."

Piper stared at the ice cream sundae that had been steadily melting into pink and white soup under the halogen lamps. "You won't want one of Aspen's kittens then, I guess."

He smiled sadly. "No, that wouldn't be a good idea."

"So you're really leaving on the sixteenth?"

"I'm really leaving. Are you mad at me for that?"

Was she? There was a fist-shaped ball in her chest and she felt sick as she tried to form a coherent answer. She wanted to look him in the eye and ask if she would ever see him again after the beer launch because that was what she really wanted to know. But it was a question she couldn't ask. It would be so needy of her that he'd run a mile in the opposite direction, and she wouldn't get those last eight days of being with him. She wanted those last eight days with him more than anything, she suddenly realized, and the truth made her feel weak and hopeless. She was in love with him, and he was going to leave her like he left everywhere and everyone in the end.

"It's your life, Matt," she managed to say. "I can't be mad at you for wanting to live it."

"The dancing has started back there if you're interested," he said and reached out to take her hand.

"Actually, I'm not. Really, I'm sorry, but I'd be happy to go as soon as it's polite for us to leave."

A slow smile parted his lips. "Sounds like a plan. Our suite is exquisite. You should come and see it."

"Our suite?"

"Yeah, why not? All part of the wedding of the year exploitation experience, something to make the whole PR circus bearable after the bride and groom have gone to bed. A reward for us having to smile at strangers for so long. A refuge from the relentless cameras. Because publicity is the only reason we're here."

"I thought the groom was your buddy."

"We're business associates, that's all, but both of us know a good promotional opportunity when we see one. Did you notice all those guys with the tripods and white screens? Hello magazine, exclusive access, worldwide glitzy glossy coverage of me. And you."

"And presumably the happy couple," she said.

"The toast was made with PCB No. 68. The bride loves pink, but doesn't like pink wine. It's a media coup."

She glanced down at the untouched glasses of pink fizz and picked them up. Handing him one, she pasted on a smile. "So here's to you and never failing to mix business with pleasure. May you sell many, many barrels."

He laughed and took a sip without taking his eyes off her. "Business is over for the day. It's pure pleasure time now."

"Don't you want to exploit a few more photo opportunities back there?"

He shook his head. "They've had enough-keep them hungry for more. There's an amazing shot of us together."

"I look forward to seeing it. I might even frame it." She put her glass down and couldn't fail to notice the change in his expression. "Joke," she added quickly to squash any impression she might have given about being sentimental. The cards were all laid out face-up on the table. A no-strings fling for the next eight days. Business, pleasure, money, and decadence.

Most definitely not commitment, sentimentality, or anything beyond that.

In eight days, it would be adios, arrivederci, adieu, and she had to get used to the idea quickly. She had agreed to go along with it and if she was going to back out, it really had to be now.

She should back out before she got sucked in deeper, before he'd had his fill and spat her out...

"Come on, let's get out of here," he said with a million-dollar grin and fished a key card out of his pocket. "You have got to see where we're staying tonight."

Chapter Fourteen

They took the elevator to the top floor of the chateau, and the suite door opened straight into an enormous room with the trademark high-beamed ceiling, panoramic windows, and a crackling log fire. It was dominated by a colossal bed that had white silk drapes hanging over it like something out of Arabian Nights, but it promised much more than a good night's sleep. In the corner of the room surrounded by flickering candles was the biggest, deepest, most luxurious Jacuzzi she had ever seen. It was set into a wall of rough rock and stones that gave it the feeling of being a deep, languid pool in the mountain forests.

A specially positioned domed ceiling above it was subtly lit with tiny spotlights, like stars or fireworks. A secret place for lovers. Scarlet rose petals were scattered around the wide ledge, and to the side was an ice bucket holding an unopened bottle of champagne.

Piper felt more relaxed already, safe in this sensuous hideaway. "Wow, anyone would think we were the bride and groom-talk about luxurious."

He took her by the hand and led her closer to the hot tub. "See that red glass bottle set into that little alcove in the rock?"

"Yes, it's gorgeous, catching the candlelight like that."

"Any idea what's in it?"

"It's probably just an ornament," she said with a grin and slipped off her shoes, relishing the feel of the mellow wood on her stiletto-ravaged feet.

He plucked the bottle from its resting place and offered it to her. "Open it."

She took the cold crystal stopper between her fingertips and eased it out. The fragrance hit her immediately and she closed her eyes with pleasure. "Moroccan rose...you don't forget a damn thing, do you?"

"Nope." He took it gently from her and poured a stream of the precious liquid into the glassy pool before using the tiny remote control by the champagne bucket to start the bubbles working. "I remember you raving about it over that rose martini in Sanibel."

"I'm not going to be able to resist getting in there, you know that?" She giggled "Of course you know that, you planned all this."

He smiled and pulled her into his arms, gently brushing her lips with his. She melted into him, soft pliant flesh gripped by rock hard muscle and male sexual intent. Matt DeLeo was a fantasy man and this was a fantasy situation, an amazing erotic dream that she wasn't going to fight and hoped she wouldn't wake up from until it was well and truly over. And that would be on the sixteenth, the day their fling had to end.

She whispered into the fine silk of his shirt. "Help me off with this dress, will you?" She shivered as he slid down the zipper and the fine straps so that the gossamer material slithered into an aqua puddle on the floor.

He stood back and drank in the sight of her dressed in just a strapless ivory bra and matching panties as he opened the buttons of his dress shirt. "You're more beautiful every time I see you, Piper. I think I'm addicted to you."

"I think that wedding turned your head into mush." She helped him shuck off his shirt, marveling at the smooth contours of his hard-muscled torso, running her fingertips over the thick black swirls of his body art, and leaning forward to recapture his lips.

This time the kiss was slow and more intense. His mouth moved against hers, and she shivered as the tip of his tongue teased her lips apart. She felt him slide one hand around the back of her neck and the other down the side of her body and into the naked small of her back, pulling her against him and pressing her softness into his hard contours. She kissed him hungrily back, desperate for wild physical contact. She wound her arms around him, savoring the play of muscles in his back as his arms tensed and shifted, and where their hips were pressed together she felt the unmistakable ridge of his erection.

He moaned softly as she broke the kiss and ran the tip of her tongue down the side of his neck and over the hard bunched muscles of his shoulder, and then his determined mouth was back on hers, hard and hungry. He cupped her breasts, and then reached one hand around her back to undo her bra. It fell with a whisper to the floor and he ran his thumbs over her nipples, hard and erect and as eager as he clearly was.

She eased her hands around his firm buttocks and curled her fingernails into the tantalizingly soft skin, loving the warmth and scent of him. He ran his hands through her hair and then down over her curves before hooking his fingers under the elastic of her panties. He ripped the sides away and the flimsy material joined the rest of her clothes on the floor. She noticed his breath caught as she stood totally naked under the dome of stars next to the sea-green foam of the Jacuzzi.

He threw his head back as she moved her hands around the front of him, brushing his hard groin teasingly with her fingertips before moving to the button on his fly and pulling the zipper down. She circled his freed erection, and he swore softly as she began to move her hand slowly up and down the velvet skin, running her thumb over the already slippery tip.

"I want to taste you," she murmured huskily, and he cursed as she sank to her knees.

"Christ," he groaned as she traced the contours of the swollen head with her tongue. She licked him slowly at first, flicking over and around, then took the head in her mouth and sucked, gently for a moment and then harder, moving her lips and fingers slowly up and down, whirling her tongue over the delicate flesh. He twitched in her mouth, and then she felt his hands on her head, guiding her upright.

"Not yet," he said and kicked off his trousers, quickly followed by his briefs. "Unfinished business, remember?"

She followed his dark gaze to the bubbling water and understood immediately, taking his hand and tingling with excitement. They sank down into the warm fragrant water and she leaned back against the cool marble side of the pool, stretching her arms above her head so that her tight red nipples were just visible above the white foam, deliberately provoking him to come and take charge. He plunged his hands under the water and massaged her from her feet to her thighs. He dropped kisses lightly onto her parted lips as he splayed his palm over her flat stomach, and then his fingers were between her legs, pushing her thighs apart so he could explore the tight heat within.

She shuddered as he found her clitoris and rubbed it in tiny circles with his fingertips. Then she closed her eyes with shock and pleasure as he slipped two fingers from his other hand into her. Her spine arched as he leaned in closer and bit possessively down on the taut muscle between her neck and shoulder. The sensations coursing through her were like wild electricity, pulsing erratically, zapping shocks that contrasted intensely with the soft, slippery rose water that she floated in.

"Come inside me," she whispered. "I can't take much more."

Silently, he shifted position so he towered over her, crushing her against the stone wall of the Jacuzzi and plunging his tongue deep into her mouth. She arched her hips upward as his hands slithered over the soft mounds of her breasts beneath the water. Her fingers mirrored his on his hard buttocks.

"Wait," she said, and his hands stilled. "Lean back." She caressed him under the foam until his eyes fluttered shut with pleasure.

"Whatever you say," he said with a tremor in his voice.

She was over him in seconds, her movement made so much easier by the water, and positioned herself above him. "Are you ready?" she purred.

He nodded and grasped her by the hips as she sank slowly downward, inhaling the warm mist of sensuality and exotic oils. She watched his face darken into sexual oblivion, and the power she felt over him was intoxicating. Then her own eyelids fluttered shut as she began to rock slowly, gasping as he matched her thrusts, and she felt as if her heart might burst with beating so fast.

His wet hands explored her shoulder blades, buttocks, and breasts, and she eased an erect nipple into his open mouth. She felt him swell and flex inside her-it wouldn't be long before they both gave in to the moment. He gripped her hard and his rhythmic strokes became urgent thrusts that were so powerful she clung to his shoulders like some kind of anchor, digging her nails into his warm skin.

"I'm coming," she cried out as orgasm began to overwhelm her. "God, I'm coming so fast."

"Yes," he said and she felt the huge surge begin. He pulled her down onto him hard and it took her breath away. "Yes. With me. Now."

She gasped at the feel of him exploding inside her as he shuddered his release. Long, hot, lengthy spasms shook his body, and the feel of him coming so violently pushed her over into the abyss. A supernova of sensation exploded in her, sucking him in with her orgasmic muscle spasms. He cried out in what sounded like agony as they climaxed together and then collapsed, flesh on sated flesh in a rose-scented mist.

...

Matt was disappointed that he hadn't been able to find a flicker of emotion on Piper's face when he'd announced he was leaving Passion Creek. They'd made love like they were possessed for most of the night after the Jacuzzi, but surely it couldn't still be just sex for her? Then Matt felt angry with himself for even thinking about what he wanted Piper to be feeling. He should be hoping with all his heart that it really was just the physical act that was keeping her close to him for the next seven days because anything else would be plain cruel. And he wasn't a cruel man. Was he?

Her head stirred beneath his arm where she'd fallen asleep a few hours ago, and he found himself staring at the deep lustrous red of her hair as he wound a tress around his finger. She was the most beautiful woman he'd ever met, but it wasn't just her gorgeous coloring, bright green eyes, and cool creamy skin. It was the fire that glowed deep within her, the thing that made her who she was. Maybe that was her soul.

Her eyes flickered open and it was clear for a moment that she didn't have a clue where she was. "What did you dream about?" His voice sounded soft even to his own ears. He must be going soft himself, except a certain part of him was becoming decidedly un-soft as her rosebud mouth unfurled in a yawn.

"I had my favorite dream." She snuggled into the soft skin of his armpit. "The one where I have a wooden house by the ocean. It has pale blue shutters that are kind of battered, but cute all the same, and out back there's a workshop."

"A workshop? Isn't that a kind of a middle-aged man's dream?"

Her tiny laugh feathered his shoulder. "Only if the old dude is into silvering whelk shells and making mosaics out of abalone."

"Oh, I see." He brushed the hair out of her eyes. "Warmer than your workshop downtown, I guess."

"I don't have a workshop. It all happens on my kitchen table. Or at least it did until my sister and Aspen moved in. The chemicals worry me, too dangerous."

"I had no idea," he said and felt like a heel. He had no idea because he'd never made the effort to find out. And he had never made the effort because he never got involved with women and didn't know how. And she wasn't really his girlfriend, she was someone else's ex-girlfriend...and his head was getting seriously messed up. "You should find a place to work safely."

"I will when there's more money in the bank," she said lazily and stretched. "Oh, but this time the dream had a little doggie in it, a cute black and white Jack Russell terrier. He went like the wind around that shack chasing gulls."

Matt suddenly felt sick. Timmy had been a black and white terrier.

Too fucking weird.

"Want some breakfast sent up?" He tried to shatter the intimacy of their conversation. "You must be hungry."

"Which means you're hungry," she said and jabbed him in the ribs. "I'd be more than happy with another one of those fancy cigarettes and...you."

Lust kicked involuntarily in his groin as he looked down into her mischievous face and watched her pink tongue slowly lick her bottom lip. He felt a strange emotion constrict his belly and that feeling of a hand closing over his throat. "You're irresistible," he said and covered that soft inviting mouth with his.

Chapter Fifteen

Piper fiddled nervously with her phone, checking every few seconds to see if there was a text from Matt. There was nothing, and she should be glad he wasn't demanding her attention every few hours. She'd made it clear she didn't need him checking if she was okay all the time. But today she wasn't glad. Now she realized that him calling her meant he might have cared.

She was in the lush waiting room of Melanie's wedding planner business, Decadent Events, a pre-planned appointment to discuss future commissions that would tie in with her friend's bookings. Most bridezillas planned meticulously and months ahead, which made life easier and more lucrative if their requirements were made to order. However, Piper was more eager to get a weight off her mind today, rather than pretend she was the businesswoman she felt she ought to be.

Melanie popped her head around the office door and beamed her usual gorgeous smile. The sight of it was enough to make Piper well up. Life had been so dull and uncomplicated up until recently. Even the Stanley house of horrors at Christmas hadn't reduced her to the thin soup of a woman she felt like right now. But walking into Mel's office and sinking into a luxurious, silk-covered armchair felt as good as a hug. And she needed a hug.

"Soooo," Melanie crooned. Putting people at ease was what she did best. "Latte? Juice? Champagne? It's all a business expense so go wild."

"Tissues. Are they tax deductible?"

"Oh." Melanie slid a pretty looking box over the desk. "They sure are. I see a lot of tears in here."

"Tears of joy?" Piper grabbed a couple just in case one might not be enough.

"It's a fifty-fifty thing to be honest." Melanie smiled and sank down into her counseling chair. "Are we going to talk accessories and favors this morning?"

"If you want."

"So that's a no." Melanie folded her hands in her lap and waited silently for the dam to break.

The words flooded out in a torrent. "I've fallen in love with Matt DeLeo and I don't know what to do about it." A tear slid down her cheek and she quickly wiped it away with the tissue.

Melanie's eyes grew as wide as saucers. "Are you sure?"

"Look at me. What do you think?"

"Realizing you're in love is a serious call and it's happened very quickly-"

"Have I ever done something like this to you before? Come in on my knees because I'm so scared and confused?"

Melanie frowned. "No, sweetheart, you haven't."

"I'm deadly serious, you understand? This is not just an infatuation or being on the rebound from Stanley. Something inside me has changed and it's tearing me into pieces."

"Would it be forward of me to ask if you're looking to book my services?"

"Jesus, no! I love him, but he's crazy, and he's leaving Passion Creek on the sixteenth forever."

Melanie winced. "Forever? That's kind of dramatic. Shoot, you really do pick them, Piper. You'll forgive me for wondering if you two actually talk to each other because there appears to be a serious communication problem going on here."

There was an awkward silence while Piper rocked back and forth slightly in her chair. "We talk...but not like that."

Melanie sighed deeply and put on her stern voice. "Well, honey, you have to tell him how you feel. You're a mess."

"I can't."

"Why the hell not?"

"Because...it's so not him. I mean, commitment is like the Antichrist to him-he doesn't even have a picture of his mother, or his dead dog. His dad's an asshat, so that's excusable."

"But you say you love this guy in spite of his aversion to family and animals." She shrugged and took another tissue out of the box for Piper. "It's not unusual for women to fall in love with men like that, the kind of guys who our moms would warn us against and who drive fathers into a protective rage. I see it a lot, and sometimes they even manage to get married."

"They do?"

"Yeah. I won't bore you with the divorce statistics, though."

"You follow through on all that? After your bill's been settled and they go on their honeymoon?"

"I have to, it's my business. High-profile dream weddings that end in acrimonious divorce are embarrassing. I avoid commissions that have Temple of Doom written all over them."

"And I thought your job was a dream number. Your gut instincts must be really good unless you plant bugs on them."

"Believe me, it would be so tempting if I could get away with it." She cracked open a luxurious box of Belgian chocolate-coated caramels and put it in front of Piper. "Trust me, you have got to tell him."

Piper lowered her head to look at the knot of her fingers in her lap. Her voice cracked. "I can't."

"Tell me exactly why not."

"Because he'll probably start frothing at the mouth and throw himself out of the nearest window."

"Of course he won't. You have to do it."

"I'm too scared."

"You still have to do it or wonder for the rest of your life what would have happened if you had stepped up to the plate and opened your heart."

Piper threw her head back and stared at the ceiling. "You're way too good at this."

"I have a lot of experience from what I've seen of other people's lives-doesn't mean I'm that good at dealing with my own."

Her head dropped back down. "Holy crap, I'm sorry. I haven't even asked about you and Nathan-"

"And you don't need to because the next five minutes are all about you."

"Five minutes?"

"Yes, that's all you're going to get from me before you go out there and spend the next seven days with your perfect man doing everything you can to make him stay. I've seen him, remember? I've seen you together as well, and so has Us Weekly, which means the entire world can see how right you are together." She stood up and leaned her fingertips on the edge of the desk. "There's every possibility he's feeling exactly the same as you but, being a man, can't articulate it. Open the dialogue for him, Piper. You have got to tell him how you feel."

The next seven days flew by in a whirlwind of laughter, fine dining, sightseeing, and thrill seeking. Melanie's advice was lodged in Piper's mind. It was good advice, and advice she should follow...but not yet. She had stepped out of Decadent Events shaken and red-eyed, but full of purpose because a plan had formulated itself before she even pushed open the door and stepped onto the icy sidewalk outside.

Her plan was to enjoy their limited time together to the absolute max and to tell him how she felt on their last day, on the fifteenth. She couldn't bring herself to do it before then in case it ruined everything immediately. At least if Matt was repulsed, she would still have some happy memories to cherish, and he would have an excuse to leave to avoid embarrassment.

She had taken Melanie's words to heart and had spent the last six days doing everything to make him stay. It was probably futile, but if their time together was amazing then maybe, just maybe, he would begin to feel as strongly about her as she did about him. She could never hope that he would love her, but he might reconsider his plans and stay a little longer and then...well, at least she could hope.

Piper woke in the bed of his hotel suite on the morning of the fourteenth and felt an ache at the top of her rib cage, just about where her heart must be. This day was so important, their last chance to be alone together before she had to tell him how she felt.

Matt emerged from the bathroom with the customary towel wrapped around his hips, grinning as he slicked long fingers through the damp black strands of his hair. "I thought I'd let you sleep," he said quietly. "And I got a few emails out of the way, so today is freed up."

"Anything important?"

"Just CNN making arrangements for the camera crew and things for tomorrow. Quite a media coup getting them to feature PCB as part of their Passion Creek Arts Week coverage."

"I'll say." She smiled indulgently. "And with all the excitement about our recession-busting cannabis industry they might never leave."

The last few days had found them living comfortably together as a couple. She had made an effort to think before she spoke, having discovered that saying yes instead of no was kind of liberating for a change, and that being with someone didn't have to be the same as being subjugated by Stan. She didn't even mind that he was always working one way or another anymore. That was who he was, what he did, she had no right to try and change that, and what would be the point anyway?

"Your pink brew will get worldwide coverage. You must be thrilled."

"I am," he said lightly, standing in front of the mirror. His towel slipped to the floor as he slapped a dab of gel in his hair. "You bring me the best luck."

She watched with renewed wonder at how his muscles flexed and his body swayed slightly as he did his hair in the morning. The tattoos almost seemed to come to life as he moved and she yearned for the touch of his fingertips on her bare skin once more.

"Tell me about your tattoos," she murmured. "Why all the sealife?"

His head turned and he shot her a sexy grin. "I like the ocean."

"Is that it? No deep meaning?" She rolled over to his side of the bed, twisting the bed sheets around her body like a cocoon. "I thought people had tattoos for a reason."

He turned back to face the mirror and she could see him churning something over by the way his mouth was set. "I had my second one done the day I left IT and set up on my own. The seagull, to remind himself, and show the world, I wasn't a cog in the corporate machine anymore and that I was free."

"That's so cool."

"And then I just kept going because I liked them and to prove that I can do what the hell I like with my money, my body, and my life."

"So what was your first one?"

"My first one was a piece of shit I got a buddy to do on me when I was fifteen. A silver dollar, an act of rebellion. I thought it made me look tough." He laughed at his own reflection and then their eyes met in the mirror. He pointed to his shoulder. "It was consumed by the octopus."

She giggled. "Do we have plans for the day?" she said and sidled up behind him, hugging her arms around his tight waist. She hoped not because she wanted him all to herself one way or another.

"There's just one job to do this morning and then we're free."

Free...if only she was, but her heart was well and truly stolen. She could never be free now, and she didn't want to be. She wanted to be his captive for forever and a day. "Good, what's the plan?"

"Wait and see." He twisted around and placed a kiss on her forehead. "It'll take less than an hour. What do you want to do after that?"

"What do I always want to do?" She bit his shoulder playfully, leaving a small pink tooth mark on the inky octopus on his skin.

"We can do that," he said and caught her up against him.

"Do you know what I'd really like to do?" He gestured for her to continue. "Let's go back to your cabin, just us."

"Without the cat?" he said cheerfully. "I'm not sure Princess would forgive us."

"Princess Aspen is doing just fine now, and she's way too fat to cart around."

"Want me to call Super to cat sit?"

"Mom and Dad are happy to pop in when I'm not there to make sure she's okay. In fact I think Dad likes somewhere to go for some peace and quiet now and then-it might even give him an excuse to stay over. Mom and Sophie are arguing a lot."

"Has she asked to come live with you again?"

"No, she hasn't, not yet. But I'm afraid the answer would be no this time. We get along much better at a distance."

He nodded and his voice took on a more serious tone. "So I don't even get to stay over at your place on our last night?" His statement took her by surprise; it was as if the significance of their last day and night was preying on his mind, too.

"You know my rules on that," she said quietly.

"Oh yeah, I remember, and no special treatment for me. It's okay." The spark of hope that he might suddenly conform to her rules and commit to some kind of future was quickly extinguished.

"So what do you think of my idea?" she asked.

He pulled away from her embrace and made for the drawer where he'd put his underwear. "The cabin's occupied right now, but I could offer them a massive upgrade to leave for the night."

Just for the night? said a small voice in her head. Yes, of course just for the night, she reminded herself. Time markers of their precarious last hours together were at every turn. It was getting exhausting and she knew deep down that her tears were bound to revisit her sooner rather than later.

"Do that," she said firmly. It was their cabin in her heart and she didn't like the thought of other people staying there. It was crazy, but being in a state of unrequited love was tipping the balance of her mind.

Chapter Sixteen

Matt thrummed his fingers with impatience against the steering wheel of the Porsche. He was eager to get to the trendy little street in downtown Passion Creek that was their destination, but because of the Arts Festival, the traffic was unusually heavy.

"Are you going to put me out of my misery?" Piper asked with a humorous tinkle in her voice.

"Only when we get there," he said. "Which will be in about one minute if this Mazda in front of us doesn't stop again."

"Maybe this was a job for the chopper after all."

"Not if we want to set straight off for the mountains afterward," he reminded her. "And the drive up there is the best."

"As long as it's not in the dark, in the middle of a snowstorm with an injured cat in a box." She laughed. "That was one hell of a night."

"Sure was memorable." he said and winked. He was happy that she seemed to be in a good mood. Waking in the hotel suite this morning to the realization that it was already the fourteenth had filled him with an emptiness he hadn't experienced in a long time. Their time together had gone by so quickly...but anyway, this next part was going to be really good.

He pulled up outside a sleek modern building, sheets of glass forming its walls, strips of chrome seemingly holding it all together, and a swank rotating door set at the center of its facade. "Hermitage Gallery," she read from the brushed steel sign outside. "Another one of your ventures?"

"Not exactly. Next door." He killed the engine and opened the car door. "Come on, I'll show you."

He took her hand and led her to the end of the gallery building and then across a street to a square property on the corner made of red brick with large, blue-painted window frames. The road sign nearby was a matching blue color and as he followed her gaze to it, he felt uncharacteristically nervous.

"Madeira Road," she said, and then looked at him for some kind of explanation.

"This way," he said, and took her to the front of the building as he felt in his pocket for the key.

"It's looking pretty deserted, Matt," she said as they stood on the front step. The blinds drawn down over the broad windows gave nothing away.

"That's because it is," he whispered and pushed open the door to a rattle of an old-fashioned bell. It closed shut behind them and he couldn't keep the excitement to himself any longer. "It's deserted because it's been waiting for you to step in and bring it back to life."

"I'm sorry?" She shook her head and looked around her, wringing her hands slightly. He'd managed to take her by surprise that was for sure. "I don't understand."

He tugged at the nearest window blind so that it flew up in a cloud of dust. "I haven't had time to get anyone to clean it. It only came on the market a few days ago and I bought it sight unseen."

"You bought it?" Hee jaw dropped open. "Without even looking at it? Does this mean that you're expanding your property empire in Passion Creek after all? That you're-"

"It's yours, Piper, a big chunk of historic Passion Creek all to yourself. A showroom, with workrooms in the back, parking, and a three-bedroom apartment upstairs. It's perfect. I bought it for you."

She was silent and as she stared at him, he could see tears welling up beneath her eyelashes. "I can't accept this," she said sadly.

"You have to, it's all in your name," he said cautiously, not having expected such a disappointing reaction. "All legal and everything."

"You had no right to do something like that." She kicked at a piece of trash on the floor.

"This is what I've been dealing with for the last few days when we haven't been together. It wasn't easy getting everything together in time."

"In time for what? Good-bye?"

That remark kind of sucked. He sighed. "What do you want me to say?"

"I don't know," she said roughly. "I just don't know."

"I want you to be safe, have some financial security. This place will let you expand your business, and no more chemicals on the kitchen table."

"No more unhinged ex-boyfriends knocking at the door, either. That's what's really going on, isn't it? Control freak to the very end. Planning it all out for poor little Piper so you have a say in the way things are even after you've washed your hands of me."

"I don't get why you're so upset, Piper. This place wasn't cheap."

He jumped with surprise as she stamped her foot and another cloud of dust flew into the air. "Why can't you just stick around? You leaving Passion Creek is what's upsetting me, can't you see that?"

He bit down hard on the side of his lip as his stomach flipped and he felt sick. Words...he needed some words... "Shit, Piper, I-"

"It doesn't matter," she said quickly. "Forget I said anything that stupid. Stupid, stupid, stupid."

"Not stupid," he said softly and drew her head into his chest, nestling it into his shirt as his thoughts ricocheted like marbles around his head. He hadn't wanted to hurt her, he wanted to make her happy, to leave her better off than when he'd found her. But his mouth was suddenly too dry to say anything as they stood in the musty shell of the empty store. He couldn't make promises he couldn't keep or raise her hopes that they had any kind of future. It wouldn't be fair, however tempted he was to give in and do just that. He wasn't ready, he wasn't capable. He was his father's son...

He felt her push against his chest and ease herself out of his embrace. "Look at me spoiling everything." She sniffed and wiped the back of her hand over her eyes. "I don't know what got into me. This was all a shock. I'm sure that's it."

"And you're probably feeling stressed about tomorrow." He felt her tense. "About the launch and all those cameras."

"Yes...yes," she agreed and wriggled completely free. "It's a lot to deal with."

"Listen." He pressed the door key into her hand. "You don't have to keep it, but it's yours. Sell it if you want, but it is yours."

"I really don't know what to say. It's too generous, too much."

"It's not. I want you to have it." He knew she'd never accept money; it was against her work ethic. This was more like a venture capital exercise, an investment in which he would get no tangible return. Apart from the knowledge that she didn't have to struggle so hard and that dickwad Stanley couldn't get to her. He should have made sure that scumbag never got a chance to come back, but she wouldn't thank him for that-he knew her well enough to be sure she wouldn't tolerate revenge. "Come on, let's hit the road and get some of that mountain air. This place will keep until you decide what you want to do with it."

She seemed quiet on the way up to the cabin, commenting on the scenery, making small talk about snowmobiling and dog sledding while texting on her phone. It was all very light and civilized, but he knew her calm demeanor was only skin deep. He could feel it. She'd said she was upset about his leaving, but that was the way it had to be. This thing with Piper had him feeling both the best and the very worst since Timmy. Since he'd taken the mutt in, fell in love with the little fleabag, and then had to watch him die in front of him.

There was a reason why images like that were etched on his mind: visceral, agonizing. It was nature's way of making him avoid damage and pain again. The sickness at the base of his gut he'd felt when his father stopped by, took a cold look at him, and went to find his gear before leaving. He'd left, just like that, in a blink of a child's eye. Feelings like that came back now and again, in periods of stress, when he was overtired or unoccupied. He had learned to manage it by working hard, going on punishing runs, and getting wasted, but there were still times when it snuck up and crushed the life out of him.

They had come full circle. He wanted the fun, fiery, sexy, carefree Piper back again, but he knew deep in his heart that woman had now gone. Not forever, but for him because he would not, could not take the next step. And Piper was intuitive enough not to push the relationship thing. She knew. He knew. And they both felt bad about it, but there was nothing more he could do about that. He could, however, sugarcoat the bitter pill to make it easier to swallow.

They spent the day eating and drinking, had a snowball fight with the last of the melting snow, and laughed over the cushion chucked out the back, which Princess Aspen had peed on the last time they'd been there. Piper insisted on drinking from the waterfall and took photographs; for Aspen, she said, to show her where she came up with her name.

"I can fix you a grilled cheese sandwich," he said as they sat outside staring at a glowing moon.

"We've had burgers for lunch, giant shrimp, chicken, and steak today." She rubbed her stomach. "No, I do not need another mouthful of food. I may never eat again"

"You'd better." He grabbed her hand and squeezed. "It's all gone by so fast. This fling, us, my bad behavior blackmailing you into seeing me."

"You probably didn't have to blackmail me. You could have just asked me out or something like normal people do."

"I tried contacting you to do that, Miss Pricklepants, remember? And you never replied to my messages and voicemail."

"Oh yeah." She pulled her hand away and folded it into her lap. "It's been good. I've made enough contacts to keep me in paid work for about two years, with the promise of more to come."

"That's great and you deserve it. You just needed a chance."

"Matt?"

"Yes."

"There's something I need to tell you."

The expression on her face made his blood run cold. It was super-exposed, super-earnest, and she didn't look like the same woman he had met in Sanibel. She looked like a freaking angel and his heart flipped over. "You're not going to tell me you're in the Princess Aspen way, are you?"

She looked confused for a moment. "No! Oh my God, no. You know I can't-that I wouldn't-"

"Sorry." He shook his head and chuckled. "It seemed like such a loaded statement."

She took a deep breath before continuing. "I need to tell you that...I really wish you didn't have to leave Passion Creek so soon."

He pressed his lips together to stop a heartfelt, uncontrolled, and honest response from spewing forth. Control. Detachment. "I have to go, it's the right time. But you'll be fine, right?"

He heard her intake of breath. "Yes, of course I will."

She wasn't very convincing, but what had he expected her to say? She had her dignity. "And this is how we planned it all along." He nodded, willing her to agree.

"I don't think I ever got consulted during the planning phase."

"Okay, sorry, but we have to be honest about this. You chased me in Sanibel. That night happened and then I chased you back. We had a few struggles along the way, but now we're even, I think."

Her eyebrows lifted. "I guess I made out a lot better in the end."

He rubbed his chin for a moment and stared up at the stars. "And speaking of honesty, there's something you should know about the stuff you told me in Sanibel, about the scandalous secrets I pretended to know."

Her face dropped. "Pretended to know?"

"I tricked you. I'm not proud of it now, but the only thing you really told me was the Pastor Zimmerman thing. The purple penis..."

She swallowed before answering. "So why tell me now?"

God, he felt like a heel, but he needed her to know the truth. "I don't want you to spend the rest of your life looking over your shoulder because of something I said. Whatever secrets you have are still secrets unless you've told anyone else. Have you?"

"Not the things that really bug me."

He wanted her to open up to him, but even he wasn't that selfish. "I guess I have no right to ask about them now, on our last night."

She looked away. "No you haven't, not really. And I don't want to spoil our last night either. Let's forget about all that."

He wished he'd kept his mouth shut. "This whole journey has been amazing, Piper."

"It's cold now." She stood up and threw the twig she'd been fiddling with onto the dying coals of the fire pit. It smoldered with blue smoke for a second and then burst into red and orange flame. "Let's go in. Upstairs."

Her hand slid into his as he watched the flame gutter and die. "Yes, let's do that."

Chapter Seventeen

"You're beautiful," he said as the bedroom door closed behind his back. He wanted to tell her how much he would miss her, but he couldn't. It would open a line of conversation that would lead them nowhere and ruin the moment, and the time they had left.

"Sh." She reached out and gently stroked his cheek. Her delicate touch burned his skin, and he held his breath, unsure how to respond. She had never touched him so tenderly before, or maybe she had, but he'd been in such a rush to have sex with her that he hadn't noticed. How familiar the feel of her was after spending so many days and hours together. Hours with strangers, hours alone together, and hours of him lying awake at night when she hadn't been there imagining her lying next to him, their bodies pressed together, naked, fingers entwined in the darkness.

He closed his eyes, leaning into her fingers as they found his lips and traced the outline of them, wanting her to kiss him, waiting for her to make the first move.

"Matt," she murmured, "you okay?"

His insides melted. No, everything was not okay. This was their last night together and he had no idea how to play it. He had no idea why he felt so strange, so angry. He wanted to hear things come from her mouth that went beyond sex, that went deeper, but he couldn't begin to imagine what those words would be. Or whether she was even capable of feeling the need to say those words after the way men had treated her so far.

He felt her soft breath on his cheek and her subtle female scent filled his lungs. He pulled her closer and looked down into her apple-green eyes. Raw desire sparkled there, but he was looking for more than that, and his wanting even more from her frightened him.

"I want you," he murmured, three words he'd said so frequently to her, but this time there was more meaning behind them.

"Then close your eyes," she whispered and her lips found his, their mouths merging, her tongue insistent, and he felt pressure and heat building with every touch of her hands. He needed her closer and put his arms around her slender waist, pulling her small frame into him, wanting her to feel his strength, to crave his protection.

He groaned as she kissed his neck and throat, small teeth grazing the hard edges of his shoulder, tasting the soft skin of his bicep and making him feel more alive than he could ever remember. He moved his hand up the back of her sweater and felt the deep groove of her spine, the soft angles of her shoulder blades, warm and silky under his touch. "No bra at all this time," he murmured and swallowed down the sparkle of lust that threatened to make him see stars.

He pulled the sweater over her head and took her breasts in his hands, marveling at the soft, winter-pale skin and the dark red peaks that drove him crazy with desire. His thumbs grazed both nipples and she arched up, pressing herself into him and signaling her need to feel his naked flesh by pulling at his shirt buttons and finding his nipples with her hot, hungry mouth. He shuddered as she nipped at his puckered flesh, inflamed by how sensitive that part of him suddenly felt. Then he dipped his head, his lips trailing over her alabaster skin until her mouth left his chest with a small cry as he found the hard peak of her nipple and sucked it hard.

Her head fell back, exposing more of herself to his lips, rendering herself totally vulnerable by offering up the smooth ivory column of her throat, breathing heavily with anticipation. He could sense she trusted him to give her the ultimate pleasure, to bring her to orgasm like he always had, and for the first time ever, he felt nervous. This time needed to be special. Special enough so she would never forget...

"Let's go to bed," he whispered and silently helped her get out of the rest of her clothes, trying his best to remain controlled as she stroked the bulge in his trousers with teasing fingers and feathered his bare torso with hot kisses. Her fingers worked quickly to get his jeans and underwear off and they fell softly onto the enormous bed. She was liquid between her thighs before his fingers even began to stroke and explore her, and the fact that she was so responsive and aroused turned him on even more.

He ran his hands up over her flat belly, over her rib cage, and cupped her breasts as he leaned on one elbow over her and dipped his lips over hers. He loved the sweet taste of her more than ever in that moment and his breath hitched as her fingers curled around his length.

"Don't you want me yet?" she whispered.

"I always want you." He shivered as she pushed her hips toward him. Her body was a vision of creams, pinks, and copper that made him feel dizzy. She was so beautiful. "I don't think I'm going to be able to last long-just looking at you laid out here is enough to make me come."

He blew cold air over her lower body, teasing her until she moaned with frustration and pulled his hand down onto her. He put his fingers inside her and she gripped his wrist hard. Their mouths clashed with lust, tongues tangling like snakes, and her hips ground feverishly against his hand.

"God," he gasped as her tight hot muscles constricted around his fingers. All he could think about was how it was going to feel when he was inside her again, taking her with him into sexual oblivion. He took a deep breath and slipped in another finger, his heart kicking painfully as she moaned like an animal and clawed desperately at his skin.

"You're too much for me," he growled, pulling away and then moving over her, one knee parting her legs even wider as she sighed with relief. He lowered his hips onto hers, feeling the tip of his erection brush against the soft inviting flesh of her inner thigh and the hard clash of their hipbones. "I want you, all of you, every erotic inch of you." Her heart hammered beneath his chest, hard nipples digging in to him. Her eyes were closed with pleasure. "I want to watch your face as I make love to you," he said and took her mouth with his before she could reply.

She wrapped her legs around his waist as he pushed her arms above her head, holding her wrists with one hand as his mouth found her neck and throat again, biting at the soft flesh, making her whimper and arch up hard against his hot body. It was all he could do not to drive hard and fast into her immediately, but he wanted this moment to last, to give her an orgasm she would never forget.

"Matt," she cried out and tightened the grip her thighs had around him. "Take me."

It was too much. He used his knees to open her legs wider. "Oh God," he whispered. "I'll try to be slow." His breath came in short bursts as he eased himself in. She felt exquisite as he slowly rocked higher and deeper until she yielded to take him all in. Bursts of light distorted his vision he was so turned on, and he wasn't sure he could hold off.

"Harder," she whispered harshly and moaned as he withdrew and then pushed deep into her again. He closed his eyes and did her bidding, losing himself in pure carnal sensation. "Be rough."

He knew he must be heavy on top of her, but he reveled in the way she writhed and bucked between him and the silk bed sheets. He could feel the rippling squeeze of her muscles each time he pushed down and into her, the soft give of the mattress forcing their pubic bones to clash and give off sensations like electric shocks. The ferocity of him taking her like this was turning her on as much, if not more, than it was him. With one move, he pushed her hands high above her head and thrust hard into her with all his strength, his climax building. "Open your eyes," he muttered. "See what you've turned me into."

Her green eyes fluttered open as he pounded into her, lifting her hips from the bed with the force, making her breasts shake until her stomach muscles clenched, her eyes closed shut, and her entire body convulsed around him. She screamed out his name as wave after wave of contractions gripped on to him, squeezing and pulling until he could no longer hold back. His gaze was locked on her mouth as that long white throat swallowed back air. And then he was lost. He helplessly flooded her with long, hot bursts. Emptying his lust into her with spasms that felt like they were ripping him apart, he was felled by a cataclysmic orgasm, crushed and sent to his own emotional death.

That was their last time...

...

The fifteenth, launch day.

There was no mistake, no ignoring it, and no possibility of sticking her head in the sand any longer. Piper's fingers tightened on the seat belt across her chest, but it wasn't the restraint that was causing the horrible, sickly ache in her lungs.

It was on the car radio, on billboards, on bus stops, on the itinerary. Passion Creek Arts Week and the long-awaited launch of Passion Creek Brewery's new beer was everywhere. So were huge pictures of her smiling like she was the happiest poster girl on the planet when she felt the lowest she ever had. And it was destroying her.

They'd had all night together. They'd made love and lay in the darkness listening to each other's breathing, and she'd had plenty of chances to do it. To tell him that she had fallen in love with him, that life for her would never be the same, and maybe even beg him to stay... But she hadn't done any of that and she was disgusted with herself for being so weak. She was angry, her limbs ached, and so did her head. She was all messed up inside and she wanted to break something.

Matt slowed the Porsche next to the sidewalk outside her apartment building. "So, someone will pick you up at about four this afternoon?" She could feel him looking at her, waiting for a positive response. Business as usual.

She swallowed hard and closed her eyes. "I can't do this."

A pause. "Can't do this?"

"Four this afternoon. The launch. You."

When she dared to open her eyes, he was staring straight at the windshield, hands gripped together at the top of the steering wheel. "I see."

"Is that all you have to say?" Anger bubbled up unexpectedly as she unclipped the seat belt and twisted to face him. "Aren't you even interested enough to ask me why?"

A muscle twitched in his jaw and his gaze dropped to the dashboard. "Would it make any difference?"

It might, if you could be bothered.

He was going to get it anyway. "You're insistent about leaving. You've said over and over again that after today it's over. That's it, finito-"

"We agreed that's how it would be."

Her fury grew at his attempt to calm her, brush her off. "Well, I was stupid to go along with it, stupid to think I could make you change your mind. Stupid to find myself in a situation where I'm going to have my heart ripped out and discarded like a piece of trash."

"That's not fair-"

"None of this is fair, but there's no way I can play out the final scene in public, Matt." She fisted her hand and banged it on her knee, willing him to react. "CNN is just going to love it when your alleged girlfriend breaks down in tears at midnight."

"It's not something I saw coming." His dark gaze met hers and for the first time, she noticed dark shadows under his eyes. It seemed neither of them had gotten much sleep last night. "I thought you were stronger than this."

"Before today, so did I, but I can't hold this charade together anymore. It's hurting me too much. It's humiliating and I hate you for it."

"I don't want to hurt you, Piper. That was never part of the plan."

"Well, that was a fail." She roughly brushed off his hand as he went to touch her on the shoulder and felt a second of triumph at the shock on his face. "You know, for someone who's clearly intelligent, you're incredibly stupid. You run away from anything that provokes a feeling deeper than a paper cut. That doesn't make you much of a man."

His jaw dropped, but she'd started now and wasn't going to let up until she had said what she needed to say. "Keep this up and you'll end up a lonely old man with no friends, no family, and no hope or joy beyond watching your bank balance swell. There's more to life than the top of the corporate ladder and the bottom of a beer glass."

He stared back at the windshield, his neck and jaw rigid. "You should go."

"Because you say so?" She laughed bitterly. "You should have said that to your father before he left you. It might have made you feel better about yourself in the long run."

"Get out, Piper."

That last remark was out of order, but she'd wanted it to hurt, to make him feel some of the wretchedness she was feeling, to provoke him into doing something that would kill the love she felt. "But you're still a kid under all those tattoos and designer clothes, aren't you, Matt?" He leaned across her and thrust open the car door. "A scared little boy who's grown so used to being unwanted that he's forgotten how to love."

He purse landed with a clatter on the sidewalk. "Get. The fuck. Out."

So that was that.

Over.

Finished.

The end.

Chapter Eighteen

He was surrounded by fragrance. And sensation.

Matt ran the palm of his hand over bed sheets that were soft and worn from being used and washed in a home instead of a commercial laundry. How long had he considered cool and crisp the best way for things to be? The answer was a very long time, ever since he had become cool and crisp and detached from all things sentimental himself. And the smell of the linen was new to him, nothing like anything he'd encountered at the Holiday Inn. Jasmine? Lavender? Whatever it was, it was feminine and felt like...felt like being cherished and cared for.

The lingering aroma of a roast chicken dinner followed by apple pie clung to the bedroom upholstery, along with a thousand other homemade meals and laundry loads. Furniture polish, old dried flowers, and the slightest hint of rose air freshener. It should repulse him, but it didn't. It made him want to curl up under the old feather quilt and cry. Cry for his little dog. Cry for the father that never wanted him. Cry for all the things he never had and never would however much money he made.

He blinked away the fuzz that had suddenly blurred his vision and gazed at the things around him in that tiny attic bedroom. Photographs, school projects made from cereal boxes, and bits of other crap, a Rubik's cube... All that shit, she'd kept it, things that trapped dust and memories and stopped you moving on with your life. Things that should be in the garbage dumpster like Stanley fucking Saunders.

But this stuff wasn't like Stanley Saunders. It had no meaning when it was all new and raw, but now...it made him feel...he wasn't sure how it made him feel, but it wasn't a bad feeling. And now that it had been kept for so long, there was no way he would see it trashed. Its age and the fact that somebody had cared enough to dust it every now and then gave it meaning. Hell, it added layers to his life that made him feel three-dimensional again. Maybe moving around all the time and having no place to call home wasn't a solution, but he'd been so bitter that he hadn't been able to see it. And comparing himself with his biological father was the next logical step as far as his subconscious was concerned. The shit he'd been dealt by that jerk wasn't a hell of a long way off how he'd treated Piper.

Fuck.

He'd bet his life that Piper's bed was soft and sweet smelling, the bed in her sanctuary that she'd never let him share. And she had been so right not to give him that. He didn't deserve to take everything from her. He'd been such a jerk. Piper was his last chance and he'd really blown it.

There was a light tap on the white-painted wooden door, and his mother's face appeared around it. "Morning, honey, what can I fix you for breakfast?"

"Mom?"

"Yes, sweetheart?"

"I can't believe I'm lying here after all these years."

"Neither can I, but I'm so glad you are." She swallowed hard and leaned against the doorframe as if she was afraid to get any closer. "You know there are so many things I need to tell you-"

"Can we talk?"

"Sure we can."

"I love you, Mom."

His throat constricted painfully as he saw the glimmer of unshed tears in his mother's eyes. "I love you too, Matt. Never stopped, not even for a second. Just never got to say it to your grown-up, handsome face."

Chapter Nineteen

Piper wiped the last little silver nametag and set it in a sky blue gift box. Five little boxes lined up in a row for each of Aspen's two-week-old kittens, who had ironically decided to come into the world within hours of her being dumped on the sidewalk on the fifteenth. Good old Aspen had provided a perfect distraction all that day. There was an excuse to turn all noisy media off and be an emotional mess in complete privacy.

Piper had made nametags for each kitten, hoping it would help find them new homes, but she shouldn't have worried. A sweet-sounding lady had asked to see the kittens after she'd put an ad in the local website. The woman had said she was interested in taking all five kittens if they were available, which seemed like a lot of cats for one person, but she could ask more about her circumstances when they met. Piper was smitten with all five of the cute little balls of fur, but knew it wasn't sensible to even consider keeping them in her tiny apartment.

Her sister was ten days overdue and was currently in the hospital about to be induced. Piper was excited and a little scared for her-she had no experience to pass on in this instance as the sensible big sister, but that was where Mom would excel, she just knew it. The errant father had insisted that he be there and supportive at the birth of his child. Mom and Alessandro in the delivery room was more than enough. Piper would be the doting aunt if and when she was invited.

And Matt had left Passion Creek. He really had, just like he'd said he would, and nobody had heard anything from him since. She knew this because her mom had gone berserk after seeing the magazine pictures of them together and searched high and low for him in order to give him a piece of her mind. At least that was her mom's story-Sophie had quietly told her that she'd gone armed with apple pie and homemade jelly on each mission. Sophie was a fount of top-secret information when there was a donut bribe in the building.

Piper still ached for Matt, but everything had been so frantic in the last two weeks that she'd been fully occupied, and the tears she needed to shed came at night when nobody could see or hear. Today was the first day she'd turned on the radio-she should be safe from hearing about Matt DeLeo now that he'd abandoned Passion Creek and moved to greener pastures.

"Are you hungry, mom?" Aspen curled her silky body around her ankles and made a sound that sounded like "mom" back. "You don't fool me. You just love me because I feed you."

The doorbell rang and she tensed, which was silly of her. Mom and Dad still stopped by almost every day, and Stan had been transferred to Pittsburgh, according to Melanie. And Mel had good sources of information. He'd asked for the transfer and even took a pay cut to make it happen-filing that police report had put a rocket up his cowardly ass. She shook off her nervousness and opened the door a chink, with the security chain firmly in place. Cool night air whooshed in through the crack and made her flinch.

"Piper, it's me."

Matt...

"Yep, sounds like you. Go away."

"I saw the kitten ad. You're getting rid of them."

"Yes. None of your business, go away."

"You can't give them away. I want them, let me in."

She rubbed her middle finger up and down the doorframe nervously. "I will not let you in and you're not a fit person to look after yourself, let alone a kitten. And you don't do pets, so beat it."

"I know how to get in here anyway, remember?"

"The chain is on, smartass."

"Piper, please?"

It was raining hard outside and no place for someone standing in the wind on a rickety metal staircase. That was the only reason... "Okay. Five minutes max. No kittens."

She released the chain, pulled the door open, and hid behind it as he stepped over the threshold into her cell, her sanctuary. He seemed taller than she remembered. His black leather jacket glistened as he stamped heavy boots onto her doormat, scattering raindrops over the rough welcome mat. Then their eyes met for the first time in two weeks, something she had never expected to happen again. Soft brown eyes, hard black brows, broad tanned forehead and...a gray hair.

"You don't look like you went to New York."

"No, I didn't. I went to Boston."

"The truth for once, please, DeLeo. You have a very good spray tan otherwise."

"Florida. After Boston."

"So you're expanding into Massachusetts now?"

"I went back home."

"Home?"

He shucked off his wet jacket and she instinctively took it to hang up by the front door. "Mom cooked, can you believe it?"

"She did? That was nice." He sank down into an armchair and she followed, sitting opposite each other like a couple of old people. "What did you have?"

"Roast chicken, pork ribs, burgers, meatloaf, turkey, eggs and ham, apple pie, cake...and cookies. She baked real homemade cookies."

"Whoa, not all on the same day?" She couldn't help but smile at him as he sat there in a wool sweater talking about food like a starving ten-year-old. "Is that why you're wearing that sweater? To hide your fat gut?"

"Mom bought it for me to keep out the cold, even though it's not that cold right now. I didn't have the heart to tell her I was heading down to sunny Florida. It has a label though, she didn't knit it herself or anything." He turned up the cuffs on the garment. "I was there a week and I think I must have had bagels with cream cheese and pastrami just about every day-I'd forgotten how much I like that."

"Now I'm starting to feel hungry." What was she doing? She'd given him five minutes, and she needed him to leave before he sweet-talked her into doing something stupid. He'd almost seduced her into a false sense of security already. No kittens, no more small talk, for God's sake... "So what exactly can I do for you? I don't cook that much, if it helps."

His eyes closed and then opened again as if he was waking from a deep sleep. "I'm not here for food," he said in a voice that was liquid cocoa. Then there was a chirrup, a growl, and the thump of four very heavy Bengal paws. "Well, hello there, Princess."

The little tramp had heard his voice, abandoned her helpless young babies, and was on the total make, rubbing herself all over him. "Well, I guess I'll just leave you two alone," Piper muttered, but couldn't stop her heart flipping over when he picked the cat up and rubbed his face into her fur.

"Not until you give my baby some tasty tuna."

His baby? "She has perfectly good food as directed by the vet, stuff that has the right balance of nutrients."

He ran Aspen's tail through his fingers. "That European guy? He was good, I liked him."

"You did?"

"Sure, he went over and above the call of duty seeing us that night. Look at her tail now, it's perfect, you'd never know. What was his name again?"

"Uvi, that was his name, I think. I've got the vet documentation around here somewhere..." She realized he was doing it again, side-tracking her, making himself too comfortable in that armchair. "Matt, why are you here? Really? Besides the cat."

"The cat has two names, you said to me once. You should use at least one."

Exasperation made her voice rise a pitch. "Okay, but it's not good for me seeing you here again like this, where I live, after everything that happened-"

"Do you love me?"

Her skin rippled all over, every inch of it. That was the most loaded, lethal sentence she'd ever heard a human being say and she was expected to answer it. Was he playing games with her, setting a cruel trap? Revenge for the mean things she'd said to him just before he slung her out of his Porsche? Her jaw quivered. "Do you love me?"

"Do you need to ask?"

"Actually, yes. You disappeared into nowhere two weeks ago after telling me to get the fuck out of your stupid car. Oh, and your life." She gestured with her hands that she was waiting for an answer to that.

"I'm not proud of that."

She ran a hand through her hair and sighed. "Figures."

"I was stupid, a shit, a total fuck up around you. Will that do?"

"There are some more words I could add to that list."

"But I'm not that guy now. Not anymore."

"No, of course you're not." She pushed herself up from the chair and crossed her arms over her chest-even he should be able to pick up on such blatant body language. "I'm not an idiot, Matt, I've been down this bad behavior/remorse, baby-I-love-you-really route before with Stan and it sucks. I won't do it anymore, and I'm warning you now that I've had some martial arts training so don't think you can outstay your welcome when I insist it's time for you to go."

He whistled through his teeth. "Training, huh? You have been busy in the last couple of weeks."

"I thought it was necessary."

"Maybe you could give me your tutor's number. I could use some distraction. Five-mile runs are getting kind of boring every day."

She laughed harshly, trying not to picture all six-foot-plus of Matt DeLeo pounding the streets, building up a sweat. "She works us really hard. I'm not sure you could keep up."

"A she?"

"Yes, she." He was sucking her in again and it had to stop. "You should go now. I'll feed the cat, I promise. The kittens are asleep, and I don't want them disturbed. Please go."

He put the cat down and stood up. "Will you marry me?"

That phantom horse kicked her in the chest again. "Are you out of your mind?"

"Probably. So will you?"

"You don't even know what marriage means. It goes against every aspect of how you like to live your life. To you, it's just an empty word, a word that men throw around sometimes to get their own way. To con women into thinking that they care about more than just getting them into bed."

He nodded awkwardly. "Okay, how about it meaning that two people realize they love each other so much that they can never replace each other. It means that they die a little every time they have to be apart. It means they suddenly want to do crazy stuff together like buy property and have babies and they want the whole world to know so they tie themselves to each other legally?"

"Until they suddenly think a divorce would be the next logical step. Or one of them just runs away?"

"And marriage is forever."

"Forever."

His hands fisted. "That's what I think, anyway."

"So what happened to the guy who burned his neck tie, has no fixed address, and freaks out if he collects as much as a handful of postcards? No commitment, no pets, no stuff: that's who you are, Matt. You can't do it."

He shook his head. "Sit back down and listen."

"I already have and your five minutes is over-"

"Please?"

There was real feeling in that one word, and her knees suddenly felt weak. She flopped back into the chair. "Five more minutes, that's all."

"I freaked out on our last day, you're right. The things you said in the car cut deep, but that's because they were true and I couldn't handle it. I'd been fighting with myself for weeks about my feelings for you and knew I had to do something, but I always seemed to be one step behind reality. I wasn't ready to let you go and stupidly thought that something would happen at midnight to make everything feel better, that I wouldn't care anymore."

"Like magic?"

He nodded. "So I ran off. I didn't even turn up to the launch."

"You're kidding me?" Shock hit her between the eyes and made her feel dizzy. He'd felt that strongly? "But that launch meant so much to you, your baby-"

"It didn't mean nearly as much to me as what I'd just lost. What I'd thrown out of my car onto the sidewalk in a childish tantrum." He hunched down in front of her so that their eyes were level. "I was also angry, raging with myself, hating so many things, and I decided it was time to go to Boston, to get answers from my mom and to hurt her as much as she and my dad hurt me. To show her that I made good even though they screwed up my childhood and left me with a fucked-up brain."

"Oh..."

"I wasn't thinking clearly. I was just lashing out and buying a plane ticket into another dead end, another dark place that I'd have an excuse to leave and never go back to. I intended that trip to be closure, that me and Mom and Boston would be over, as if my childhood never happened."

"More magic?"

"More magic, yes, but this time it was really there, Piper, because things got fixed. It was different. Mom was...Mom was like a mom to me. No harsh words, just open arms and..."

"Cookies?"

He laughed, but his eyes were brighter than usual and Piper could see something different in them, a new light, a softening. "We talked about the bad times, and she told me stuff I never knew about because she'd tried to protect me, to do her best against almost impossible odds, and hearing it from her like that kind of changed history. I was a difficult teenager, delinquent, selfish-I couldn't see what was right in front of my face: she loved me, but couldn't make my dad stay, not for her and especially not for me. And he was a worthless bum, still is, as far as either of us know, so we were better off without him. She made mistakes with men, and she regrets bringing them into my life to drive me away."

Piper touched him lightly on the shoulder, nervous of physical contact, but not wanting him to stop talking to her like this. "I'm happy you've made up with your mom."

"She's married to a good man now. He likes dogs and washes the car every Sunday morning, like normal people do. She's happy and the house feels warm. It's the home I never felt I had as a boy and it was overwhelming." He shook his head and looked at the carpet. "That first night, sleeping in sheets that hadn't been washed in an industrial laundry, in a room with all sorts of sentimental crap in it...felt so right. I cried, Piper, I actually cried a little because I've made such a mess of things and I want to turn back the clock."

She lightly brushed her fingers over the top of his head. His candor was making her throat ache. "Oh, Matt..."

"That week in Boston made me realize I was just a bum like my dad except with more money. Drifting, hurting people who care for me, kidding myself that everything was okay and that I didn't want the things everyone else does because I was so smart and rich and rebellious. I was wrong, very wrong."

"So what do you want now?" she said softly.

"I want that home I've been avoiding for the last twenty-eight years. There's a beautiful house, set right on the waterfront at Sanibel Bay, and I mean on the waterfront. Its deck leads straight onto the white sand."

"Sounds amazing." She injected as much enthusiasm into her voice as she could, realizing that Passion Creek still didn't feature in his plans. "That has to be on Millionaire's Row. I've walked past places like that many times and been glared at."

"Yeah, snobs, but this place has no close neighbors. I don't want nosy neighbors."

"That would be taking normality way too far, right?"

He straightened, walked the few steps to the front door where his jacket was hanging and pulled a bunch of papers out of the inside pocket. "Have a look, tell me what you think."

Her heart was weeping silently, but she took the bundle from him and flattened the papers out on the arm of the chair as he towered over her. He had gone right ahead and stolen her dream. How much more could he hurt her? "It's right on the beach, like you said."

"Yep."

"And it has pale blue shutters..."

She lifted her gaze to see him smiling down at her. "I painted them. The damn owners were difficult about it before contracts were exchanged, but money talks."

"You painted the shutters?"

"Did I get the right shade? Because this place will never be a home without you in it with me, Piper." He sank to his knees in the tiny sitting room and squeezed her hand tightly. "I love you. I want to be the best husband in the world to you and not have to spend another night without you beside me."

"I can't believe you used a paintbrush."

"I never said I did a good job."

"I always dreamed the paint was peeling off a bit anyway. And yes, that's exactly the right shade. Unbelievably right."

"This is serious now." He gently took her chin between his fingers and forced her to look at him. "Will you marry me, Piper Reilly, and come live in my shack by the sea and tell me all your dark secrets?"

Was he fooling with her? Had he really just proposed to her? "You should hear those secrets right now, because you may want to retract that question when you find out what I'm really like."

He let go of her chin and took a step backward. "So hit me with them."

She took a deep breath; this was like diving off the edge of a cliff. "I got busted stealing candy and cigarettes when I was fourteen, but Officer Doyle let me off if I promised to go to church every Sunday."

"Pastor Zimmerman's?"

"That's the one."

He shrugged. "No big deal, cigarettes aren't in the same league as cars and laptops."

She detected a twinkle in his eye. "Are you telling me that you-"

He held up his hands as if a gun was being pointed at him. "I plead whatever amendment it is, Miss Reilly."

"Okay... my two front teeth are cosmetic implants. It cost Mom and Dad a fortune, but it means I don't look like Jerry Mouse anymore."

Matt tipped his head to one side and pointed to his hair. "And you think this is real?"

She let out a small laugh-there was no way his hair was fake, she'd have been able to tell, but the gesture warmed her heart. "You seem unshockable."

He smiled, but it was a sad smile, not his usual exuberant one. "Any more not so dark secrets, honey?"

Tears clogged her throat. "You have no idea how great it feels to share all that with you."

Matt let out a long sigh and reached out to hold her by the shoulders. "That's what I'm here for, if you'll let me in to your life."

"You'll never tell my mom and dad any of this, will you?"

He shook his head. "Cross my heart and hope to die if I do."

"Or Sophie? She has a mouth as big as the Eisenhower Tunnel."

"Noted. Now kiss me and say you'll be my wife."

She closed her eyes and sank into his kiss, losing herself in his tender embrace because she wanted this moment to last forever. She was exhausted and confused, but she could now do the one thing she had failed to do two weeks earlier. All or nothing. She ended the kiss and pushed him gently away so she could look him in the eye. "I love you, Matt, I want you to know that."

He closed his eyes and punched the air. "Say it again."

He was still crazy. "I love you, Matt DeLeo, but I'm scared."

"Say it again but without the scared part. I'm never going to tire of hearing you say that."

She let out a small laugh of exasperation. "I love you, Matt."

"Nothing to be scared of, nothing at all." His eyes were still closed and he bit down on the side of his mouth before whispering, "Answer, please. I need an answer. Please."

"Holy crap, you're making my hands shake." She took a deep breath and closed her eyes, too. "Yes. Yes, I will marry you."

His mouth came back down on hers so fast it made her head spin, a long, deep kiss that wiped away all the pain and hurt of the last few weeks. A kiss that sealed the deal, that made everything perfect and was their new beginning.

"What happens if I wake up and all this is just a dream?" She ran a fingertip over his bottom lip until he bit it playfully and then rested his forehead on hers.

"You won't, but I have a way to convince you."

"Go on."

"We go to bed, right now, and in the morning we'll wake up together and...it won't be a dream." He brushed away the tear that had suddenly appeared at the corner of her eye with the pad of his thumb. "I'll be here in your sacred place because you let me in and said I could stay because you want to marry me."

Bubbles of joy and happy disbelief popped and buzzed all over the place inside her. "Sounds like a plan, but what if-"

He touched a fingertip to her mouth. "Sh, no buts, just wait and see tomorrow."

"Tomorrow..."

His hands found hers and pressed them gently against his heart. "And then every morning for the rest of our lives."

