The day Luis Fortune walked into the house with his identical twin brother, Jase Nicholas sat back and held his palm to his chest. He thought he was seeing double. He closed his eyes, shook his head for a second, and reached for the back of another chair. He'd been sipping a cup of coffee at the kitchen table, waiting for Luis to return so they could plan what they were having for dinner that night. He'd never expected the shock of his life.

The only difference between the two men standing in the middle of Jase's New York City kitchen was their hair. Though they both had the same short haircut, the Luis on the left had dark brown hair; the Luis on the right had lighter brown hair with brassy blond highlights. Camp, their bald Chinese crested, jumped off a kitchen chair, ran to the one with the darker hair first, and barked.

"Don't get excited, Jase," the one with the darker brown hair said. "I've been meaning to tell you I had an identical twin brother for a long time. I just haven't gotten around to it."

The one with the lighter hair said, "I told you we shouldn't have surprised him this way. I should leave now and let you explain."

"Maybe you were right," said the one with darker hair. "His face is a little red."

Well. They even sounded identical. Evidently, the one on the left with the darker hair was the real Luis. Jase stood and crossed to the middle of the kitchen. He rested his palm on the white marble counter. He gaped at the twin brother and finally said, "I can't believe how much you look alike. It's too hard to believe." He rubbed his jaw, looked the twin brother up and down, and added, "You even have bodies." Both were thin with lean, defined muscles, and had both adorable asses that jutted out into perfect rounds.

Luis and his twin brother exchanged glances. Then Luis said, "Let's all go sit down." He took Jase's hand and said, "I'll tell you everything. It's kind of a long story."

Jase reached for a couple of mugs and filled them with coffee, then joined them at the kitchen table, still at a loss for words. The minute he sat down Luis started talking. Luis apologized for not mentioning he had a twin brother in the first place; he explained all about how he and his twin brother had always been at odds with each other and how they'd never gotten along. He mentioned a guy from the past named Snake and something about a bicycle: classic sibling rivalry between two very competitive brothers that sounded as if it went very deep.

After that, Luis went into a detailed account about the previous weekend. He told Jase an outrageous, ludicrous story about how his twin brother had locked him up in an apartment in Brooklyn above a grocery store, assumed his identity temporarily, then had returned to set him free on Monday morning. Only Luis revealed he wasn't really locked up at all. He could have left any time he wanted. But he decided to let Gage think he was locked up, to see if he could trust his twin brother to do the right thing. Though Luis said he'd known he was taking a huge chance, he had to find out if Gage would eventually return and set him free.

Jase sat there with his mouth half open. It sounded like the plot on a daytime soap. When Luis introduced his twin brother as Gage Weston, Luis told Jase this wasn't his real name,, just the name Gage preferred to go by now. Gage's real name was Eddie and he worked as a stripper, of all things. Jase sat back and listened, with his arms folded across his chest, trying to fill in the blanks and process it all. He had a feeling Luis wasn't telling him every last detail. But he also knew Luis well enough to know Luis wasn't a liar.

When Luis finished speaking, Gage shrugged his shoulders and said, "I'm sorry, Jase, for pretending to be Luis all weekend. I shouldn't have done it. But I was so confused, and so desperate at the time, I wasn't sure what to do. My life seemed to be coming down around me in one day. I don't know how I can make it up to you. I don't even know if there is a way to make it up to you. But I'll spend the rest of my life trying." Then he reached out, took Jase's hand in his, and held it tightly. "I won't blame you if you can't find it in your heart to forgive me."

After that, Gage went into a detailed account of the events in his own life that had led him to the point of assuming Luis's identity. As Jase sat there and listened quietly, he had to admit the guy hadn't had an easy time of it. He'd taken care of his mother and father-Luis's parents-until they died, he'd moved to New York with no money at all, and he'd found a way to survive on his own. Though Gage and Luis hadn't been close in years, Jase found it remarkable that their stories were so similar. It seemed as if the only two good things that had happened to Gage so far in New York were that he'd now reconciled with Luis and he'd fallen in love with a nice cab driver he'd recently met.

When Gage and Luis finished speaking, Jase sat back and rubbed his eyes. "Ah well," he said. "I have to admit this is one unusual story, especially the part about me spending the entire weekend with Gage, thinking Gage was really Luis. You could have just kept that part to yourselves. I would never have known." He felt duped. He'd gone to bed with the guy. They hadn't had sex, but still.

Luis reached for Jase's hand. "I wanted you to know the truth. So did Gage. I don't ever want any secrets to come between us. And I've been telling you all along there are things about my family I had to tell you when the time was right. I should have told you about my twin brother much sooner and this never would have happened. I'm sorry for that."

This was true. Jase had known bits and pieces about Luis's past. He knew Luis had been kicked out of the house by his overly religious parents when he was very young and he'd gone to live with an older man, a doctor in Tennessee. After that, Luis ran away to New York. But Luis had never discussed his parents, getting kicked out of the house for being gay, or anything else about his family in detail. He'd always said it was too painful to talk about. And Jase had always let him off the hook.

Gage frowned and looked down at his lap. "Don't blame Luis, Jase," he said. "It's all my fault. I shouldn't have locked him up and I shouldn't have pretended to be him. But I'd read so much about you and Luis I wanted to find out what Luis's life was really like. When I did, and when I saw how much you loved each other and how happy you were, I couldn't continue with the charade. I don't blame you if you'll never be able to forgive me. But please don't blame Luis. He's done a lot of things to me in my life that weren't very nice, but this time it was my fault."

Luis sent his twin brother a quick glare. "We've both done things to each other we regret."

"I'm sorry," Gage said. "Luis is right. We've both been very competitive all our lives."

"At least I know Luis wasn't turning me down for sex all weekend because he's tired of me," Jase said. He'd never felt so rejected in his life as he had the previous weekend. Each time he tried to make love to Luis, unaware that it was really Gage, he'd received rejection. Now that he knew it was really Gage and not Luis, he felt a sense of relief. "I was really starting to worry there was something wrong."

Gage shrugged. "I couldn't have sex with you, Jase."He glanced at Luis. "And I couldn't betray Luis that way either. By the time you arrived at Cider Mill Farm, I wasn't sure how to get out of the situation without getting into trouble."

"I agree," Jase said. "I'm glad you didn't carry the entire charade out. That would have been wrong." If Gage had slept with him, pretending to be Luis all along, Jase never would have been able to forgive him. At least the guy had some morals.

Luis smiled. He'd been taking all this in without saying a word. "I'm still just as attracted to you now as I was the first day I met you, and I love you even more, Jase. You never have to worry about that." Then he leaned across the table and kissed Jase on the mouth.

Gage stood up and said, "I guess I should be going now. I promised Daksha I'd stop by the hospital after dinner. I hate the thought of leaving him alone there. And I'm sure you guys have things to talk about."

Jase hesitated for a moment, then stood up and walked to the other side of the kitchen table. He put his arms around Gage and said, "It would have been nice to meet you under different circumstances, and I'm still not quite certain how I feel about you locking Luis up for an entire weekend like that, but you and Luis seem to be working this all out and that's important for both of you. And you're family. I'd like you to stay for dinner and I'd like to get to know you better." He smiled at Luis. "And I think Luis needs you in his life." Jase had always been concerned about the way Luis seemed to block out his past; he'd never thought it was a healthy way to live.

Luis stood up and hugged Jase. "You're wonderful."

Gage stepped back and said, "Are you sure you want me to stay? I feel a little out of place now. It might be better if I just leave."

Jase lifted his chin and said, "Where I come from, family is the most important thing in the world. You're the only family Luis has now. I want to get to know you better. I want our son, Hunter to get to know you, too. Unless you have somewhere else to be, I insist you stay for dinner."

Luis and Gage exchanged glances. When Luis nodded and gave his approval, Gage said, "I'd like that. Hunter's a great kid, and I'd like to get to know you both better, now that you know who I really am."

Jase smiled at Luis. "I can't wait to see the look on Hunter's face when he sees you have an identical twin brother." Hunter was due home at any minute. A friend's mother was dropping him off and Jase had taught Hunter how to find the hidden key outside so he could get in on his own.

"I'd rather not go into details about what happened this past weekend," Luis said. "I don't think Hunter needs to know everything, especially the part about how Gage locked me up. He doesn't have to know Gage pretended to be me all weekend."

Jase nodded. "I agree. It would be too confusing. But I still can't wait to see his face when he meets his Uncle Gage."

"I'll pretend it's the first time I've ever met him," Gage said.

"Good," Jase said. "Now that that's all settled, we should figure out what we're doing for dinner." He hugged Luis again and kissed him on the cheek. Though he'd been tricked by Gage, he couldn't blame Luis for any of this. And Gage seemed sincere enough. He could have really stabbed Luis in the back by sleeping with Jase all weekend. If that had happened, Jase probably wouldn't have asked him to stay. Jase didn't have any siblings of his own, so he wasn't familiar with the complicated relationships between brothers, let alone identical twin brothers. But he'd heard stories about them, and he didn't want to judge Gage until he got to know him better.

"Gage does have a few more explanations to make, though," Luis said. He took on a sheepish, naughty expression, as if he'd rather avoid the subject on one hand, but couldn't wait to talk on the other.

"I guess I do," Gage said, staring down at his feet.

"To whom?" Jase asked. "The only people who met him this past weekend were our friends in Cider Mill Farm, and they don't have to know any details. We may as well keep it all quiet."

Luis gestured toward Gage. "I'd rather you explain this one."

"I'm afraid I wasn't completely discreet this past weekend," Gage said. "I sort of fooled around with Cory the handyman, then I had a little fling with Ted, your neighbor at the end of the easement road."

Jase blinked. "You did them both last weekend?" Jase had been there; he had no idea.

"He only blew Cory," Luis said. "But he did a lot more with Ted. Gage always was a little bit of a slut when we were younger. That's what led to our original falling out ten years ago over a guy named Snake." Luis smiled. He seemed to take pleasure in this announcement.

Gage seemed to take offense. "It wasn't like I was really cheating on anyone. Up until now, I really was single and free at the time. And they were both so needy."

Luis covered his mouth and laughed. "Gage hates to see any man in distress. He's such a good sport when it comes to going down on his knees."

"Well, they were in distress. But I would have done them both anyway," Gage said.

"I'll bet," said Luis.

"Well, then," Jase said. He noticed a little brotherly friction had started between Luis and Gage and he decided to settle things fast before they started arguing again. "I guess we'd better get that all straightened out next weekend. I'd hate to have both Ted and Cory think it was really Luis having sex with them when it wasn't."

"I'm sorry," Gage said. "Maybe I really should leave now. I guess Luis is right. I always have been a little too eager to please men. But I'm trying to change. Now that I have Daksha in my life, I'm going to be monogamous."

Luis rolled his eyes.

Jase smiled. "You don't have to leave," he said. "They'll understand. And what you do with your personal life is your business, not ours. We'll just say you guys were playing a little trick on me and things got a little out of hand. Actually, I'm sure both Cory and Ted will probably be relieved to know it wasn't really Luis. No harm done."

Gage cast a surprised glance in Luis's direction. "Is he always this nice? I was afraid he'd go crazy when he found out about all this."

Luis placed his palm on Jase's abdomen as if claiming him, and said, "This is only one of the reasons I love him so much."

When Hunter came home from school a few minutes later and he found Jase, Luis, and Gage in the kitchen together, he stopped short and his head jerked back. He looked at Jase first. Then he looked down at Camp and they exchanged glances.

Luis brought Hunter to the table and introduced him to his new Uncle Gage. Then he sat Hunter down and explained he'd kept his twin brother a secret because they hadn't always been on friendly terms. Luis didn't go into too much detail. But he did try to explain that relationships between adults aren't always easy and that now he was working hard to get to know his brother again after so many years apart.

Hunter just kept staring at his Uncle Gage as if he couldn't believe what he was seeing.

When Luis was finished explaining, he asked, "Do you have any questions?"

Hunter shrugged and said, "What's for dinner? I'm starved."

Jase patted Hunter on the back, admiring his ability to adapt so well, and said, "I was thinking we'd order something different tonight. Maybe something from that new Indian restaurant two blocks away. I've heard good things about it." With all this talk about Daksha, Gage's new lover, Jase had been thinking about Indian food.

Hunter jumped off his chair and said, "Okay, sounds good." As he turned to leave the room so he could go upstairs and remove his school uniform, he asked, "Is Uncle Gage staying for dinner."

"Yes," Jase said. He smiled at Gage. "We're going to be seeing a lot more of your Uncle Gage now."

It wasn't a lie. Jase had his own agenda and now that Gage was in their lives, he was going to take advantage of certain situations. Jase and Luis couldn't travel because they refused to leave Hunter with a stranger after the bad experience they'd had with a nanny named Darius. And the only family they had was in Alaska, which was too far away to depend on. Jase's grandmother, Isabelle, came to New York for extended visits, and she was always more than willing to watch Hunter so they could get away on their own. But Isabelle was a feisty old woman and she had an active life of her own in Alaska.

So after dinner, when Gage said he wanted to go back to the hospital to check in on Daksha, Jase smiled and said, "I was wondering if you could do us a favor, Gage." All through dinner, he'd watched the way Gage and Hunter seemed to get along so well. Gage promised to take Hunter fishing, and he promised he'd help Hunter with baseball practice. Unlike Luis, Gage seemed extremely interested in baseball, football, and basketball. There were no awkward moments between Hunter and Gage; no hesitations. They acted as if they'd known each other all their lives.

Luis and Gage turned and faced Jase. At the same time they both said, "A favor?"

"I've been thinking of investing in a new line of electric motor homes," Jase said. "They are just as large and luxurious as the regular mobile homes on the market now, only these don't run on gasoline and they are much cheaper to run, not to mention more environmentally responsible."

"Sounds like a wonderful concept," Luis said.

"It is," Jase said. "If they are any good. I don't want to invest unless I'm certain they are reliable and cost efficient. If they are, it could change the entire market. If they aren't, it could be a huge waste of time."

Gage shrugged. "Sounds like a great idea. But I don't see how I can help you."

Luis sent Jase a wary glance. "Oh, Gage, don't ever underestimate my husband. Jase always has a plan." He folded his arms across his chest and turned to Jase. "What are you up to? You're scheming again. I can tell by the look in your eyes."

"I am not," Jase said. He was scheming, but was hoping to not be too obvious. "I was just thinking about something. Now that Gage is here, we might be able to get away for a long weekend. I was invited to try out one of these new motor homes next month and I was just wondering if Gage would stay with Hunter while we're gone."

"Oh, I don't know." Luis said.

"Yeah, Dad," Hunter said. "I'd like that. Uncle Gage can take me fishing."

Camp barked as if he thought it was a good idea, too.

"I wouldn't mind at all," Gage said. "I'd love to hang out with Hunter for the weekend. I can take him to Brooklyn to meet all my friends. We can go fishing at a place I know out on Long Island. As long as it's okay with Luis. I don't want to get in the middle of something."

Jase could see there was still resistance between Luis and his twin brother. They both seemed to be tiptoeing around each other without being obvious about it. Jase didn't want to push the issue that night. He figured it would be best to let the idea sink in and let Luis have time to think it over before they made any definite plans. But he really wanted to check out these motor homes, and he wanted to do it with Luis. He'd heard about these clothing-optional gay campgrounds out west, and there was nothing he wanted to do more than get Luis naked in the woods. So he smiled and said, "Let's all think it over. We have a month to decide. We can talk more about it this weekend at Cider Mill Farm, after Gage has a little talk with Cory and Ted." He sent Gage a smile.

Luis seemed to relax. "I guess we could think about it."

Hunter started jumping up and down. "Say yes, Dad. I want to go to Brooklyn where Uncle Gage lives. I've never been to Brooklyn."

"It's up to your parents, Hunter," Gage said. "And I really have to be going now. Daksha is waiting for me."

"Say goodnight to your uncle and run upstairs now and do your homework," Luis said. "I'll be up in a minute. We'll talk about this more."

Hunter hugged Gage and went upstairs with Camp. When Luis, Gage, and Jase reached the front door, Jase patted Gage on the back and said, "I'm glad we're going to finally get to know you. Welcome to the family, Gage."

Gage hugged him and said, "Thanks for being so understanding, Jase. It means a lot to me."

Luis walked up and put his arms around his twin brother. He kissed him gently on the cheek and said, "Do you need any money to get back to Brooklyn?"

Gage smiled. "No. I'm fine. I'll call you tomorrow."

"Good," Luis said. "Call my cell. I have a shoot in the morning in Central Park. But I'm free after one o'clock. Maybe we can meet for a late lunch at the hospital tomorrow."

"Sounds good," Gage said. "I'll be there most of the day."

When he was gone and Hunter and Camp were upstairs, Jase walked up behind Luis and said, "I'm still a little shocked at how much you both look alike. It's almost creepy." They were in the kitchen. Luis had just cleared the dishes and he was stacking the dishwasher.

"That's always been the main problem," Luis said. "We look alike, but we're complete opposites. You heard Gage. He loves fishing and hunting and playing baseball. I'd rather be reading a good book, running in the park, or strolling through a museum."

Jase kissed the back of his neck. "I'm glad I got the one who likes to read good books," he said. "I like my guys soft and sweet."

"Do you really?" Luis said. "I was kind of wondering about what happened between you and Gage this past weekend. I know nothing sexual happened. But I was wondering what went through your mind when Gage kept turning you down."

"Are you kidding?" Jase asked. He lowered his hand and slipped them down the back of Luis's pants. "I thought you'd lost your mind. I was totally freaked out and I was going to insist you see a doctor this week."

"I'm sorry I put you through that," Luis said. "But I had to do it. I thought all weekend about calling you and warning you. But I knew you wouldn't have gone along with the plan, let things play out. It was the only way to really know whether or not I could trust my brother for sure. I hope I can make it up to you someday."

Jase still didn't understand this part completely. But he didn't want to drag it out. He knew Luis was being sincere and he knew Luis trusted his brother in spite of the circumstances. He reached down and squeezed Luis's ass hard. "Oh, I'll think of a few ways for you to make it up, Luis. One of those ways might include a long weekend in an electric motor home with all the luxuries of home."

Luis laughed. "I knew that was coming. You're an evil man, Jase Nicholas."

"Seriously. Would it really be so bad to leave Gage with Hunter for a few days? I can tell you firsthand Gage got along very well with Hunter his past weekend. They love each other. And we never get a chance to just get away all by ourselves."

"I'll think about it," Luis said. "It might not be a bad idea. But you have to promise me one thing in return."

"What's that?"

"I'm really missing Alaska for some reason," he said. "We need to plan a trip there."

"I've been missing home, too," he said. "We'll set a date and make plans. I've been thinking about building my dream house there."

"You have?"

Jase nodded. "It's always been my dream to have a house on the water. And my father has been offering me the property next to his for years now. Would you be open to building a house up there? We couldn't live there permanently until Hunter is much older, but we can spend time there."

Luis practically fell into his arms. "I can't think of anything I'd love more than that."

* * * *

When Luis finally agreed to spend a long weekend with Jase in an electric motor home, he only had one stipulation: they had to be in a campground where there was an Internet connection because he was working on a blogging event with Elena from Elena's Romantic Treasures and Tidbits, and he couldn't put it off. The event was an international contest that included everything from best lgbt books to the most artistic book covers and the artists who created them. Elena had named the Internet event The Over the Rainbow Awards. Although Elena did most of the work on her own blog, Jase knew how much Luis loved Elena's blog, with all the romantic gay novels and artistic photos of nude and semi-nude men, and Jase knew how hard Luis had worked on the blog as a contributor. And he was completely devoted to Elena and the concept of promoting positive, enlightening images of the international lgbt community Elena had been building for a long time. The blog was Luis's main hobby, and the one place Luis always said he could go and feel wonderful whenever he was upset or depressed about something. Jase didn't want to take that away from Luis, especially now when Luis was helping Elena with an important event.

So Jase found a gay campsite in California that had Internet service, a place surrounded by redwoods in Russian River wine country, not far from the ocean. Then he arranged to pick up one of the electric motor homes near the airport in San Francisco so he could test drive it himself. The company that designed and built these electric motor homes was based on the West Coast and traveling to California was the only way to actually test one out. Jase knew the company needed serious investors, but he wasn't willing to commit unless he liked and trusted the motor home himself.

Gage took the weekend off from the male strip club he worked in downtown so he could spend the long weekend with Hunter at the house on 95th Street. Daksha, Gage's new boyfriend, was out of the hospital by then, but he'd just landed a small part in a Broadway play and he was busy rehearsing all weekend. When Gage arrived at the door with his suitcase on Friday night, Jase had just set his suitcase on the floor in the front hall beside Luis's. The cab that was taking them to the airport had arrived with Gage, and the driver was outside honking the horn.

Jase waved to the driver and said, "We'll be right out. Turn on the meter. It's okay." Then he turned and yelled up the stairs, "Luis, the taxi is here. We have to leave." Jase had booked a commercial flight. He hated using the company jet and wasting both money and energy on just two people. He'd always frowned on politicians who did this, and he didn't want to be like them. But he was starting to have second thoughts now. Luis tended to be late, and he despised flying so much he often clenched the arms of his seat most of the way to his destination. If Jase had taken his own small jet, they wouldn't have been pressed for time.

Hunter ran out of the kitchen and hugged Gage in the front hall.

Camp started barking for no apparent reason.

Jase picked up the suitcases and looked at the antique grandfather clock in the entry hall. He lifted his head toward the stairs and shouted, "We're going to miss the plane, sweetie!" He always referred to Luis as sweetie when he was slightly annoyed.

A second later, Luis jogged down the stairs, carrying a small briefcase that contained his laptop. He hugged Gage and told Jase, "I just wanted to make sure I have everything so I can work on the blog. I'm ready now."

Jase and Luis had already explained everything to Gage with regard to taking care of Hunter, from what he ate for breakfast to what time he went to bed at night. Gage had come to dinner the night before with Daksha and they'd gone over Hunter's entire routine. Jase felt comfortable leaving Hunter with Gage, and he trusted his instincts. Besides, he'd already seen how competent Gage could be with Hunter from his weekend at Cider Mill Farm. But Luis hadn't been there that weekend, and he always worried about what might happen, so he started reciting a long list of things Hunter could and couldn't do all over again.

Jase hugged and kissed Hunter goodbye. He hugged Gage and said they'd call as soon as they landed in San Francisco. Then he grabbed Luis by the arm and led him out to the cab while Luis was still rambling something about not giving Hunter any sugary drinks while they were gone.

Midway to the curb, Luis yanked his arm out of Jase's hand and said, "You didn't give me a chance to kiss him goodbye." Then he ran back to the front steps and threw his arms around Hunter. He hugged him so hard and kissed him with such force, the poor kid's eyes popped open. "You do whatever your Uncle Gage says. Okay? And no scary movies."

"I'll be fine, Daddy," Hunter said, rolling his eyes.

"It's all good, Luis," Gage said. "Stop worrying and have fun this weekend, buddy. We'll talk on the phone."

Luis released his son and hugged his twin brother. Then he jogged to the taxi, where Jase was holding the back door open, staring down at his watch. As the taxi pulled away from the curb, Luis lowered the back window and shouted, "And no candy this weekend. You can call me if you need me. I'll have my cell phone with me all the time."

Gage shouted, "Have fun."

Jase glanced through the rear window and watched Hunter and Gage wave from the front steps. He smiled and said, "Yeah, right. You know Gage is going to give him whatever he wants. I'll bet Hunter is asking him what scary movies he brought with him right now." Jase didn't mind it when Hunter indulged in a few treats; the kid loved scary movies. He was a normal, healthy kid. He wasn't fat, and he ate good food most of the time. An occasional candy bar or a soda wasn't going to kill him. And as long as he didn't have nightmares, what harm could a scary movie do?

"Of course I know that," Luis said. "I'm not an idiot, Jase. Gage is probably slipping him a chocolate bar right now. I just wanted to say it again, to instill a little guilt. If Hunter is going to eat bad food, at least it won't taste as good if I make him feel a little guilty about it."

"Oh, that's just wrong," Jase said.

"A little guilt never hurt anyone," Luis said. "Your grandmother taught me that, and I trust Isabelle's wisdom. It will help prepare us for when he's a teenager and he's exposed to drugs, alcohol, and God knows what else kids will be doing by then."

"You're preparing way too far in advance," Jase said. The kid was only four years old.

"If more parents prepared in advance, they wouldn't have as many problems when the kids become teenagers," Luis said. "Isabelle told me that, too. You have to start when they are young. I know exactly what I'm doing. I'm going to drum certain things into his head from now until the day he turns twenty-one."

Jase couldn't argue with him. His grandmother had pounded no drugs and no alcohol into his head all his life, and he'd never had any problems as a teenager. He'd had a strict upbringing, but one filled with love. And he'd turned out okay.

Of course the plane was delayed for three hours because of bad weather in the South, and they had to land in Chicago because of severe turbulence and wound up spending six hours there, sitting on hard plastic chairs, listening to a rude young woman with pink and blue hair talk to her boyfriend on a cell phone. Too bad her parents hadn't been stricter with her. By the time they finally did arrive in San Francisco, it was almost dawn and neither one of them had slept much at all. They slogged off the plane to baggage claim, then shuffled out of the airport and met a man carrying a sign with Jase's name written with large black letters. He was the guy from the motor home company. He helped them into a black SUV and drove them to the factory outside San Francisco where they were building the electric motor homes.

On the way, Jase yawned and said, "I'm sorry. I should have taken the company jet this time. We would have been here and settled by now."

Luis was doing something on his iPhone. He'd just called Gage to tell him they'd arrived in San Francisco safely. He didn't look up. But he said, "It's okay. We'll live."

Jase smiled and placed his palm on Luis's knee. This was one of the most amazing things about Luis. Though he'd been panic-stricken during the turbulent flight, though he'd been up all night clenching the arms of the seat, he had the ability to turn things around as if nothing had ever happened.

The man from the motor home company set them up in a long, beige motor home with elegant black stripes. The interior had beige leather seats, granite counters, hardwood floors, and a marble shower stall. It reminded Jase of a luxury hotel room. It even had three flat-screen TVs and a built-in computer. Jase had driven motor homes before, so it didn't take that long for the man to explain the basics. The most important part was how to charge the battery and how to switch over to gasoline if anything happened to the electric power supply. By the time they were ready to leave the factory parking lot and head to the Russian River campground, Jase was experiencing a second wind and he couldn't wait to get out on the open road.

They drove north for the next two hours, paying attention to the navigation system so they wouldn't get lost. Jase wasn't familiar with this part of the country and he'd been watching the way Luis's eyelids had been dropping. Thankfully, they found the gay campground without any problems at all. So far, Jase was impressed with the way the electric motor home handled. It lost power on inclines, and he didn't feel comfortable going over sixty miles per hour. But it wasn't all that different from driving any other motor home.

When they pulled up to the gates of The Happy Landing Campground, an older man in black leather chaps stepped out of a small gatehouse. He had one of those bushy mustaches that dipped down on both sides of his mouth; his face was sunken and his head had been shaved clean. He wore jeans beneath the leather chaps, but no shirt. Though his body was defined for a man his age-he had to be in his sixties-his skin had that thin, watery, look that naturally happens with age, and Jase thought it would have been a better idea if he'd at least worn a T-shirt.

Jase went into the gatehouse and registered at the campground. He paid a fee and the older man assigned him a parking space. Jase already knew how to hook up a motor home, so he didn't need any explanation in that department. He was only gone fifteen minutes, but when he returned he found Luis slumped back in the passenger seat, sound asleep.

When Jase shut the door, Luis bolted forward. "Are we here?" He sat up and looked back and forth, as if trying to get his bearings.

"I'm sorry," Jase said. "I didn't mean to wake you. I'll go park now and we can take a nice long nap. I'm exhausted, too."

As they drove through the campground, navigating the narrow dirt road, they passed two large women walking hand in hand. They were both nude, only wearing flip-flops. Luis gasped and looked up at the ceiling. Jase gripped the steering wheel and held his breath. A few feet down the road, they passed two large men with hairy backs and bald heads. They weren't wearing anything either, just heavy black work boots. Luis gasped again and glanced at Jase.

Jase shrugged and said, "Did I mention this place was clothing optional?"

"Ah well," Luis said. "I don't think you did."

Jase laughed. "It's clothing optional."

"Thanks."

Two minutes after that, they passed four women in the nude. One had breasts that sagged so low Luis put his hand over his mouth and said, "She really should look in the mirror before she goes out in the nude. Honestly."

"Don't be so critical," Jase said. He had a friend who loved nudist colonies. "It's not about how you look. It's about how free you feel. All nudists say that once you get beyond the sensation of being naked, it feels perfectly natural." He was dying to find out if this was true. He felt like taking off his pants right there in the motor home.

Luis winced. "That's a bit too natural for me. I agree with your grandmother when it comes to these things. 'If it doesn't look good, don't set it on the front porch.'"

Before they turned into the place where they were supposed to park the motor home, they passed a group of nice-looking young men. Jase suddenly felt a spark of hope. All were wearing jeans and T-shirts, and all had on socks and sneakers.

But Luis didn't sound as positive as Jase felt. "Well. Isn't that just the way it goes? The ones who should be nude aren't, and the ones who shouldn't be are," Luis said.

Jase glanced at the surrounding scenery, hoping to change the subject. "The redwoods are spectacular, aren't they? I've never seen such beautiful trees. This is even better than Alaska."

Luis glanced to his right and said, "I have to admit it is gorgeous. It even smells different here."

They passed an older man wearing nothing but a rainbow baseball cap and Docksiders. He had a tiny little cock and huge low-hanging nuts. Luis frowned and said, "Well, if you can get past some of these God-awful naked people, I suppose this place is gorgeous."

Jase smiled. "The man at the gate told me the place is really dead this time of year, so we'll probably have all the privacy we need. We'll stick to ourselves. It won't be that bad. Besides, we're here to relax. I'm kind of looking forward to walking around naked myself. I've gone camping before, but never to a clothing-optional campground."

Luis rolled his eyes. "I had a feeling you'd be excited about this."

Jase loved exhibitionism, and he'd never hidden this from Luis. "I can't wait to see you walking around naked, too. They're going to love you here."

They passed another lumpy naked guy with an ass so small and so narrow the crack couldn't have been more than two inches long. Luis set his jaw and said, "I think I'll play that one by ear. I'm kind of looking forward to the privacy this place is supposed to have."

But when they found their assigned parking space, Luis glanced at an old motor home in the space next to theirs and said, "So much for privacy. We're practically on top of them."

Jase pulled into the parking space and frowned at the motor home beside them. It had to be at least twenty-five years old, with dented sides, rusty bumpers, and a torn awning. It sat slightly lopsided, leaning to the left at the back end. "I don't understand why the guy at the gate would assign us this space, especially with all the other free spaces around here." They were the only two motor homes in that section. There had to be at least fifteen other vacant spaces.

"Maybe he made a mistake," Luis said.

"No," Jase said. "He distinctly said I'd love this specific space. He even smiled and winked when he said it."

Luis yawned again. "I'm too tired to complain. Let's just park this big thing, set up, and go to bed. I can barely keep my eyes open."

Jase yawned and said, "I agree. If we don't like it here, we just ask if we can change spaces later."

Jase had a little trouble connecting to the electric. But once he figured it out, it didn't take him long to set up everything else. When they had lights and running water, they plopped into bed in their underwear and didn't wake up until they heard a weird tapping sound on their door.

Luis must have been disoriented and forgotten where he was. He poked Jase in the arm and said, "See what Hunter wants."

Jase groaned and stretched his legs. "We're in a motor home in the woods, not in New York." He'd been in the middle of a sound sleep and he felt like punching something.

Luis lifted his head and opened his eyes. "Then what's that fucking tapping?"

Jase sat up and scratched his dick. He looked at the clock on the nightstand and stretched his arms. It was four in the afternoon and they'd slept most of the day. "It sounds like someone is knocking on the door. I'll find out what's going on."

Luis lowered his head to the pillow and closed his eyes. "See who it is first, before you open the door. It might be that guy with the rainbow cap. Or a bear."

Jase crawled off the bed and grumbled softly on his way to the door. Did Luis think he was a blithering idiot? "See who it is? Like I'm going to open the door for a goddamn bear. I don't see him getting his sweet little ass up to answer the door. Sure, let Jase kill the bug, let Jase catch the mouse, let Jase answer the goddamn door."

When he reached the door, he leaned forward and said, "Who's there?"

A deep, throaty voice from the other side said, "We're your neighbors. We wanted to introduce ourselves."

Jase rolled his eyes. Because he'd been camping before, he knew people in campgrounds could be overly familiar sometimes. They could be downright annoying at other times, especially if you were there for privacy. They weren't all that way; just some campers. They tended to feel as if they were part of a secret club and lost their inhibitions at campgrounds, especially the older couples.

Jase took a deep breath and opened the door. He was imagining someone who looked like the heavyset naked guy he'd passed on the way in earlier. But when he looked down and saw two handsome young men standing at the bottom of the steps, his head went back and he smiled.

"Hi, I'm Rob and this is my brother, Rand," said the one with the deep, throaty voice.

Jase glanced down and said, "I'm Jase. It's nice to meet you." They were identical twins, just like Luis and Gage. They had short dark blond hair, steel blue eyes, and muscular, stocky bodies. They were completely naked, except for identical brown leather mules with white stitching, and those short little white ankle socks. Each had a thick chunky dick and dark blond pubic hair. They weren't too hairy. Jase could tell they'd trimmed between their legs. But they weren't completely shaved like Luis.

"We just wanted to introduce ourselves," Rob said. "We're your next-door neighbors for the weekend." He seemed more assertive than Rand. Rob wore a rope choker around his thick neck, and Jase made a mental note to remember this so he could tell them apart. It would have been impossible otherwise. Even their chunky dicks were identical.

"That's very nice," Jase said, wishing he had on his dark sunglasses so he could gaze at their dicks. He realized he was standing there in his boxer shorts and a white T-shirt. But, he figured, if they were naked it didn't really matter. "This is our first time here at this particular campground. We're from New York."

"Cool," Rand said. "We're schoolteachers and we love traveling around to these campgrounds all the time. We're usually on the road every weekend. We have Monday off this weekend for a teachers' convention, so it's a long weekend for us. We've made tons of friends at these places. We met a nice gay couple once from Oregon. They'd just gotten married and were traveling cross country to New Orleans in a huge Silverstream trailer. We still keep in touch. We're planning a trip to New Orleans next spring break to hang out with them."

"All the guys we've met are great," Rob said.

Jase suddenly realized who they reminded him of. They were both dead ringers for Ricky Martin. They even had humpy, sexy legs like Ricky Martin. Oh, Luis would be sorry he hadn't answered the door this time. "My partner, Luis, is still sleeping. We had a rough flight out here yesterday and we're trying to catch up now."

"We're sorry to bother you," Rand said.

Jase lifted his chin and smiled wider. "Oh, no bother. I'm glad you stopped by. I've camped before many times. I'm from Alaska." He lifted his head and squared his shoulders. He always liked mentioning this to people. It made him feel stronger and more powerful in a way he couldn't explain. He didn't want them thinking he was a soft city person. "But this is actually the first time my partner has been camping."

A voice rang out from behind Jase. Luis said, "How do you know it's my first time camping? I'm from Tennessee, and I've gone camping before, too. You know, Jase, people from Alaska aren't the only ones familiar with the great outdoors." He pushed his way past Jase and gazed at the two naked young men who looked like Ricky Martin. He extended his hand and said, "I'm Luis Fortune. You have to excuse my husband. He thinks the only people in the world who ever hiked up a hill were from Alaska."

Jase smiled. He adored Luis's sarcasm.

The twins shook Luis's hand and Rand said, "We were wondering if you guys would like to join us for dinner later. We're grilling outside. Nothing special. But it would be a nice way to get to know you better."

Rob said, "But we don't want to intrude, either."

Before Luis could even open his mouth, Jase said, "We'd love to. We'll bring wine."

"Cool," Rob said.

"Come over around seven," Rand said, as he turned and started walking away.

Jase leaned out the door over Luis's shoulder, and said, "We'll be there."

When Rob and Rand were gone, Luis closed the door and said, "Well, now we know why the guy at the gate said we'd like the particular spot. He certainly knew what he was talking about."

"Did you see their thighs?" Jase said. He didn't mention their firm, round asses. He was afraid Luis would get jealous. "They're schoolteachers," he said. "They seem like such nice guys."

Luis sent him a glare. He folded his arms across his chest and said, "I heard. I was standing right behind you the entire time. There is a teachers' convention and they have Monday off."

Jase noticed a trace of jealousy in Luis's voice. So he smiled and said, "But they aren't as hot as you are. You're still the hottest guy in this campground, with or without clothes."

"Yeah, right," Luis said, as if he didn't believe him. He reached between Jase's legs, slipped his hand inside Jase's boxer shorts, and grabbed Jase's dick. He yanked Jase forward and said, "Let's go back to sleep. I have a feeling it's going to be a long night."

* * * *

"I'm not wearing anything tonight," Jase said. "Just shoes. This place is clothing optional, and I'm taking advantage of it." They were getting ready to meet the twins, Rand and Rob, outside for dinner. Jase hadn't eaten much that day and the minute he smelled the charcoals burning on the grill outside, his stomach started making noises.

Luis cast him a glance and thought for a moment. He'd just come out of the shower and he was drying his smooth, wet legs. "I guess there's nothing wrong with it," he said. "I'm just worried it might get cold out later."

Jase slipped his feet into a pair of black leather sandals and crossed toward where Luis was standing. He put his arms around Luis's shoulders and said, "If it gets cold, you can sit on my lap and I'll warm you up."

Luis reached down and squeezed Jase's balls. He tugged a few times and said, "I think you should be good tonight. These guys seem harmless, and from what I've heard about nudists there's nothing sexual about these clothing-optional places. It's almost like a philosophy or a religion with them. I've heard they get insulted if people make it something sexual. And I don't want to offend them. After all, they are schoolteachers."

"Hey, I'm not suggesting anything. I'm just letting my dick swing in the breeze tonight."

Luis smiled. "Jase, I know you better than anyone. And I know how much you like having sex in front of other people. Remember the guy who works in our parking garage in New York? You don't have to pretend with me, sweetheart."

Jase rested his palm on Luis's ass and squeezed it hard. "I know," he said. "I'll be good. I promise. I won't insult anyone or do anything obnoxious." Luis was right about the exhibition thing, and Jase couldn't argue with him. Though Jase knew Luis wasn't interested in doing three-ways and group sex like a lot of other gay couples they knew, Luis didn't mind indulging in Jase's passion for exhibitionism. Sometimes, though Jase was never totally sure, Jase thought Luis enjoyed their exhibitionist scenes as much as he did. But they didn't do this often, mainly because the opportunity didn't come up often. Now that they were in a clothing-optional campground, with hot twins right next door to them, Jase couldn't help imagining some of the possibilities.

But Luis was probably right about Rand and Rob. They didn't seem interested in sex at all. When Jase and Luis stepped out of their motor home naked and crossed to a small concrete patio on the other side of Rob's and Rand's motor home, they found Rand standing over a grill and Rob setting a small folding table with disposable dishes and flatware. Rand was only wearing a short apron to cover his genitals while he grilled, and Rob wasn't wearing anything but the mules and white socks he'd been wearing earlier. They seemed perfectly content to be naked, and didn't even flinch when they saw Jase and Luis arrive naked. There was nothing sexual about it. They shook each other's hands, Jase handed Rob a couple of bottles of wine, and Rob told them to feel free to sit down on the folding chairs around the table. Rob even laughed and said, "We have cushions for all the chairs."

Though Jase noticed Luis's eyes open wide each time one of the Ricky Martin twins moved too fast and his dick jumped, the conversation during dinner was casual and pleasant. Rob and Rand talked about their work as teachers, told a few funny stories about their camping adventures, and complimented Jase's wine choices. Jase and Luis talked about their lives in New York, their son, and Jase's family back in Alaska. When Rob and Rand found out Jase was the famous Virgin Billionaire and that Luis was his semi-famous model partner, they seemed mildly impressed. But not nearly as impressed as they were with the motor home Jase and Luis were traveling in. It turned out Rob's and Rand's motor home was more than thirty years old, and they'd been saving money for a new one for years. They couldn't stop asking questions about the electric motor home Jase was testing out that weekend, and they were especially interested in learning about its efficiency and now much money they saved on fuel. They said one of the things about their older motor home was the price of gas. On teacher salaries, it was getting harder and harder to fill the tank in their old rig.

But Jase couldn't get over the fact that he was walking around nude out in public. This was the first time Jase had ever been naked in public this long, and he found the experience extremely interesting in ways he hadn't expected. Though he'd been excited about being naked outside with two strange guys at first, the feeling wore off within the first hour. By the middle of dinner, he'd forgotten he was naked. Though he didn't mention this to anyone, he felt a slight sense of disappointment.

After dinner, Rob and Rand pulled out a game of gay Monopoly and the four of them played until two o'clock in the morning. Luis's token was a high heel, and he wound up winning. By the time he was finished, he owned almost every single property on the board, including Castro Street and Fire Island.

Jase finally stretched his arms and yawned, then slapped Luis on the thigh and said, "We'd better hit the sack, bitch. It's been a long day." He didn't mention he'd let Luis win. He'd purposely made wrong moves and choices because he knew how much Luis liked winning board games. It was one of the small sacrifices he'd learned that would always make his relationship with Luis better and pay off in the end. Whenever Luis won a board game, Jase usually received a stellar blow job later that night.

Rob stood up and started to clear the game off the table. "I'm tired, too," he said. When he leaned into the table to collect the fake Monopoly money, Jase couldn't help noticing the way his dick rested on the table.

Rand stood and reached for the empty wine glasses. He laughed and said, "I'm amazed you guys didn't ask us the one question almost everyone asks."

Jase and Luis exchanged glances. Jase didn't have a clue.

Rob said, "Don't start with that, Rand."

"What?" Jase asked. Now he was curious.

Rand lifted the last wine glass and said, "Every time we meet new friends at one of these gay campgrounds and they find out we're identical gay twins, they always ask if we've ever done each other."

Luis blinked.

Jase said, "Ah, well." He had to admit the thought had crossed his mind. But he certainly wouldn't have asked them something that private.

Then Luis said, "I have an identical twin brother myself, and he's gay. I never thought about having sex with my brother. It's a horrible thought. I get sick just thinking about it."

Rand flung him a look. "Do people ask you if you and your twin brother had sex?"

Luis shrugged. "It's too soon to know," he said. "We've been estranged for many years. We just started talking again. It's a very long story I'll tell you another time. It's too late now. But the thought of having sex with my brother is just downright creepy. No way."

Jase sat back and listened. He had to admit he'd wondered about whether or not Luis and Gage had ever had sex with each other. Though he knew Luis well enough to know Luis would never do such a thing with his own brother, Jase had to admit the scenario did conjure more than a few extremely sexual fantasies. But he'd never say this aloud to Luis.

Rand set the wine glasses down on a tray beside the table and punched his twin brother in the arm playfully. "It is creepy. I'd never have sex with him. He's a big donkey. Look at those hairy legs."

Rob punched his brother back. "And I'd never have sex with him either." Then he made a face that looked as if he'd just bitten into a sour pickle.

But later that night Jase noticed both brothers were lurking around out in the dark. Jase and Luis had just climbed into bed. It was dark out, and the bedroom in the motor home was warm. Jase reached across the bed to open a small window and he saw both brothers leaning against their motor home right outside Jase's and Luis's bedroom window. They didn't know Jase was watching. They seemed to be lurking in the dark for no apparent reason.

Jase glanced down at the bed and saw Luis was drifting off to sleep. He'd been hoping they'd have sex that night-at least a conciliatory blow job; he'd let Luis win-but Luis looked so tired Jase didn't want to wake him. In the beginning of their relationship, they hadn't been able to take their hands off each other. At the time, Jase had been a gay virgin, and Luis was the only guy he'd ever had sex with. They'd had sex four and five times a day in the beginning. But things had slowed down since then to a normal pace, especially when they'd found out Jase had a secret baby named Hunter. After Hunter took over their lives, they went through a long period where they didn't have sex for weeks at a time. Thankfully, their lives had balanced out and they now had sex four or five times a week.

Jase leaned to the side so the twins wouldn't see him and he peered through the Venetian blinds. He was curious and he wanted to know why both brothers were standing there in the dark. Luis turned on his side and faced the opposite wall, unaware anything was going on outside. As Luis started to snore lightly on the other side of the bed, a nice-looking young guy with short dark hair walked up to the naked twins and reached for their dicks at the same time. He didn't ask for permission to touch them; he didn't utter a word. All it took was once quick glance and a nod. Jase pressed his palm to his throat and gaped. Evidently, this particular clothing-optional campground was also a place to cruise for casual sex after dark.

Then the nice-looking guy with dark hair went down on his knees and started sucking the twin brothers off at the same time. He had a large gold watch and he was fully clothed. From what Jase could see through the screen and the blinds, the guy knew how to give head, too. He smoked until their toes curled. He moved fast, jerking and sucking at the same time. It was all very fast and neat. He sucked both brothers off to the finish. Rand came first; Rob second. When the guy was finished, he rose from his knees, thanked them both, then continued on his way without expecting any reciprocation at all.

Jase sat there watching. He'd never actually gone out cruising for sex. When the guy with dark hair was gone, Rob and Rand bumped fists and loped back into their motor home.

In the morning, Jase replayed the scene for Luis while they were having coffee. Jase found it fascinating the twins wouldn't have sex with each other, but they didn't mind having sex with the same guy, at the same time.

"I'm not surprised," Luis said. "That was one of the things that caused so much trouble between Gage and me. Guys love twins, gay or straight. That guy named Snake I told you about seemed to take pleasure in fooling around with us because we were twins." He lifted his coffee and took a sip. "I don't get it. My brother and I never did anything like that intentionally, and we never will, trust me on this." He reached across the table and caressed Jase's hand. "I'd rather be in love with one perfect man than have all the twins in the world."

Jase smiled. It always surprised him to realize he loved Luis more as each day passed, especially when Luis said unexpected things like this. "I completely agree," he said.

But later that afternoon they went swimming in the nude in a small lake with Rand and Rob. A lot of the weekenders had left because it was Sunday and they were the only ones in the lake. After the swim, they took turns showering on a wooden deck in an exposed outdoor shower area. Luis took his shower first and went back to the trailer because he wanted to prepare a few things for dinner. Jase and Luis had invited Rob and Rand to be their guests that night, and Luis had to figure out what they were going to have. The motor home company had stocked the refrigerator with all kinds of wonderful food, and Luis was a perfectionist when it came to entertaining.

So Luis left Jase with Rob and Rand at the outdoor shower, and Jase witnessed the show of a lifetime. There were two showers about six feet apart. Rob told Jase to take the one on the left and said he and Rand would share the shower on the right to save time. Jase didn't think anything unusual at first. But when he saw them soap each other up and rinse each other off, he nearly slipped off the wooden deck. From their point of view, there was clearly nothing sexual about it. As they laughed and joked around with each other under the shower, they poked fun and made sarcastic comments about who was the better swimmer. They even shared a towel and dried each other off when they were finished.

Jase tried hard to act natural. He forced himself to think of horrible things so he wouldn't get aroused in front of them. But it wasn't easy. Watching two hot identical guys rinse and rub each other was almost too much for him to take, especially since he'd seen them both getting sucked off outside the motor home the night before.

By the time he returned to Luis, he walked into the motor home and plopped down on the beige leather sofa in the living room area. Luis was in the kitchen thawing out steaks in the microwave so he could marinate them for a few hours. He turned to Jase and asked, "What's wrong? You look strange. Did something happen?"

Jase was ready to fuck the sofa cushion by then. His dick was erect and it was pointing up. "Come over here and sit on my lap and I'll tell you all about it," he said. "I need to fuck something. The twins just took a shower together and left me weak."

Luis sent him a glance. "Jase, I have to get this dinner ready. I promise I'll make it up to you tonight. I swear I will. I thought we'd fool around last night, but the wine put me to sleep and there's no time now. Go into the bedroom and jack off if you want."

Jase sat back and rubbed his eyes, sulking. "But I don't want to jack. I want to fuck." Luis had never had the same sex drive he had. Though Jase was older than Luis, he could have sex on command at any time of the day. If Luis asked him for sex, he'd drop whatever he was doing and he'd take care of Luis's needs. But Luis needed to be in the mood; it was always a complicated process. He needed to be emotionally stimulated as well as physically stimulated. "Okay," Jase said. "But I'm not joking around this time. I'm ready to bust a nut, I'm so fucking horny right now."

Luis looked in his direction and smiled. "If it makes you feel any better, I'm making you wait on purpose."

"On purpose?"

"I have something special planned for you tonight," he said. "I know I haven't been the most passionate person lately, and I want to make it up to you. And if you'll just be patient, I promise you'll like my surprise."

"Ah well," Jase said. He felt better already. "I guess I'll just have to walk around with an erection until then."

Luis looked sideways and smiled. "I guess you will."

* * * *

Dinner was worth all the time and effort Luis had put into it. He grilled seven three-inch filet medallions-Jase, Rob, and Rand had two each and Luis had one-and asparagus in olive oil over hot coals. Everyone ate everything except Luis. He left half his steak and four stalks of asparagus. Instead of serving a fattening, unhealthy dessert, Luis finished the dinner off with a classic Caeser salad. Luis had always preferred his salad at the end of a meal. He'd learned this tradition from a good Italian friend and he claimed the salad helped him digest his meal. The one thing Jase could always depend on with Luis was food and nutrition. Though the filet was a little extravagant for Luis's tastes-normally he would have served grilled fish-he didn't serve any carbohydrates with the meal and Jase didn't feel as if he was too stuffed to move.

During dinner, Jase talked about his plans for building his dream house in Alaska, nd because all this was still news to Luis, he went into details about how he wanted the house built on cliff overlooking the water in front and mountains in back, so he'd have the perfect view from every room. Luis listened carefully and expressed his interest. Rob and Rand said they were amazed at how detailed Jase explained the house even though he hadn't even talked to an architect about it yet. Luis leaned over at one point and kissed Jase on the mouth. He said, "That's my husband. His mind is like a computer." Then he kissed Jase again. Only this time it was a long, sensual kiss. He grabbed the back of Jase's head and stuck his tongue so far into Jase's mouth Jase's balls tightened.

Rob and Rand gaped at them and exchanged glances.

When the kiss was finished, Rand tugged on his balls and said, "You guys are a hot couple. I'll be you have a lot of fun in bed." Rob just kept staring, with his lips slightly parted.

Luis reached down and wrapped his soft fingers around Jase's dick. Jase was erect by then; he couldn't keep it down no matter how hard he tried concentrating. Whenever Luis kissed him it was what happened-he lost his senses and his control. Luis started stroking him very slowly in front of the twin brothers. Luis bent over and kissed the tip. Then Luis stroked him again and said, "We should all go down to the lake for a swim. It's so unusually warm out for this time of year we should take advantage of it."

"What about the dishes?" Jase asked. He glanced over to see how the twins were reacting to Luis's bold moves. His heart was pounding in his ears. The twins were both erect. Jase's penis pulsed in Luis's hand and he couldn't wait to go down to the lake. But he knew how Luis hated leaving dirty dishes on the table for too long, so he figured he'd better ask.

Luis kissed the head again and said, "I'll get them in the morning before we leave. This is our rare adventure. We should make the most of it."

Rob punched Rand and said, "I vote for swimming, dude. Let's go."

On the way down to the lake, Rob and Rand walked ahead of Jase and Luis, carrying a blanket and fresh towels. Jase had two rolled towels under one arm and the other around Luis's waist. He was semi-erect now. He leaned over and asked, "What are you up to? This isn't like you at all. Did you see their faces when you grabbed my dick and kissed it? I thought Rand was going to fall over sideways."

Luis placed his palm on Jase's stomach and said, "I told you I have a surprise for you. Like I said, this is our rare adventure. Let's have fun."

Luis wasn't joking, either. When Luis and Jase were in the water chest high, not far from where Rob and Rand were wading at a shallower end, Luis jumped up, wrapped his legs around Jase's waist, and his arms around Jase's shoulders. He kissed Jase's ear lobe and said, "Fuck me."

"What about Rob and Rand?" His heart started to race, his face grew warm, and he spoke faster.

Luis kissed his ear again. "I don't think they'll mind at all. I think they are looking forward to a show and I think we should give them one."

Jase glanced over Luis's shoulder and saw both brothers gaping at the way Luis was hanging on to Jase's shoulders and kissing his ear. They were standing about three feet apart in water up to their thighs, and both were stroking their dicks at the same time.

"But if you'd rather not do this, it's fine with me," Luis said. He spoke in a soft, gentle whisper. He rubbed his knees up and down Jase's sides and licked Jase's ear.

Jase's face felt warmer, and his dick was fully erect in the water. "Let's get out of the water." If Jase was going to put on a show for the guys, he wanted them to see what he was going to do to Luis out in the open.

"I love you so much I'll go wherever you want," Luis said. Then he shoved his tongue into Jase's mouth and started kissing him.

As they kissed, Jase carried Luis to a large red blanket the twins had spread out on a narrow patch of sand near a group of large rocks. There was a full moon that night and they were in a wide open space without trees, so no one had any difficulty seeing. The twins followed them to the red blanket and kneeled down in the sand. The only sounds around them came from Jase's heavy breathing and the twins jacking their thick cocks. They jacked with that sexy underhand grip, with their thumbs extended. Jase lowered Luis down on the blanket very slowly and climbed on top of him. When Jase started kissing with more passion, Luis wrapped his arms around Jase's shoulders and his legs around Jase's waist. Jase glanced briefly in Rob's and Rand's direction. They were only a few feet away. But now they were sitting on the edge of the blanket with their legs spread wide, still jacking.

"Let's give these boys a show they'll never forget," Luis said. "Turn me over and fuck me as hard as you can."

This had always been Jase's favorite position: Luis face down, spread out, lying dead still. And he loved when Luis talked dirty. So he rose to his knees, rolled Luis over fast, and climbed up onto Luis's back. Luis spread his legs so it would be easier for Jase to enter him, but remain still. By this time in their relationship, they didn't need lube and they didn't need condoms because they were monogamous. Jase forced his way in with one quick thrust. Luis's head went back and he gasped. Jase pushed even harder. He knew Luis was in pain; he also knew Luis always enjoyed the pain in the beginning. Luis was one of those who preferred to jump right into the cold water instead of taking his time and getting used to it. The twins moved in closer to get a better view of the actual penetration. By the time Luis opened his eyes and exhaled, Jase saw that their legs and feet were practically in Luis's face.

Jase started to buck his hips slowly, sliding in deeply and all the way out again. While he moved in and out of Luis, he glanced up to see what Rob and Rand were doing. Rob was biting his bottom lip and jacking. Rand's eyes were glazed and he was rubbing his bare foot against Luis's cheek. When Jase saw the way Luis was responding to Rand's foot, he started pounding Luis harder.

Luis moaned out loud. Rand pressed his foot against Luis's mouth and said, "Fucking hot," in a stage whisper.

Then Rob moved in closer and shoved his foot against the other side of Luis's face. This time Luis opened his mouth and started licking their feet and sucking their toes. While Jase fucked him, Luis reached out with both hands and groped and squeezed their naked hairy legs. Luis seemed to have lost all his inhibitions; he seemed unable to control his natural, instinctive urges. Jase knew Luis was enjoying this as much as he was.

Though Jase had to admit he hadn't expected this from Luis, he'd never been more turned on in his life to see Luis's reaction to the two young guys in front of him. So Jase stopped for a minute. He wanted to take this to another level, and he wanted to see if Luis would agree. He reached down, grabbed Luis's waist, and pulled Luis up to his knees. When Luis was on all fours, Jase glanced at Rob and Rand said, "Let him suck your dicks."

Luis didn't protest this time.

The brothers didn't hesitate. They rose to their knees, kneeled in front of Luis's face, and shoved their well-trimmed groins into his nose. Jase grabbed Luis's hips and started fucking again. Luis opened his mouth and he took Rand to the back of his throat first. While Luis sucked Rand, Rob rubbed his shaft back and forth across Luis's cheek.

The harder Jase slammed into Luis's ass, the faster Luis sucked them off. His cheeks went in and his nostrils flared. His eyes remained closed. He groped their legs and squeezed their thighs with his left hand while the other remained braced against the blanket. Jase knew better than anyone that Luis was an expert at giving head. He also knew Luis loved every inch of the male body, especially muscular legs. At one point, the twins took turns fucking Luis's face while Jase continued to bang his ass with loud smacks. Rob held Luis's head and plunged into his mouth. When Rand took his turn, before he entered, he grabbed the back of Luis's head and rubbed Luis's nose into his pubic hair. Luis took each jerk, bang, and knock-front and back-with grace and ease, silently begging for more,

as if he couldn't seem to get enough. Jase continued to fuck, watching what they were doing to Luis with wide eyes. Though Jase had always said he didn't want to share Luis with anyone, he couldn't deny his smutty, hedonistic feelings right now. In fact, he was so close to the edge he had to move at a slower pace so he wouldn't climax too soon.

When Jase couldn't hold back any longer, he said, "I'm almost there, guys."

Luis was sucking Rob's cock at the time. He nodded yes, with his mouth full, and reached down between his own legs so he could jack his own dick.

"Me too, dude," Rand said.

Then Rob pulled out of Luis's mouth and the twins moved closer to Luis's face. They were so close their chests almost touched. They sandwiched Luis's head between their groins. They pushed their balls into his cheeks and started jacking at the same time. Rob closed his eyes, looked up, and started whispering, "Fuck," over and over. And Rand closed his eyes, tilted his head down, and pursed his lips. It was obvious to Jase neither one of them wanted physical contact with the other, but they couldn't get enough of Luis.

Jase came first. His head went back; he held Luis to his groin so tightly he lifted Luis's knees an inch off the blanket. Then he choked out an explosion that caused his entire body to jerk and shudder. His upper body dripped with perspiration. His climax was so intense, he dug his fingers into Luis's hips with such strength Luis would have bruises there for the next week.

A second later, the twin brothers leaned back and came at the same time, with their cocks pointed up and their fists pressed to Luis's cheeks. Jase watched them shoot their loads all over Luis's head. It all landed on his face, in his hair, and on his neck. A second after that, Luis rubbed out his own load on the red blanket beneath them.

Before Jase pulled out, he kissed Luis's back and said, "Damn, I love you."

Luis sent him a backward glance and said, "And I love you." Then he opened his mouth and sucked Rand and Rob one last time.

When Luis released Rand's dick, Rand reached back and tossed Luis a towel so he would wipe his face. Then Jase pulled out and helped Luis to his feet. They folded their towels and rolled up the blanket. They walked back to their motor homes and talked about what time they were all leaving in the morning. Rob and Rand had to leave early because they had a long drive ahead of them. Luis and Jase had to return the electric motor home by noon to catch a flight out of San Francisco by three that afternoon. Before the twins went inside, they said they'd leave their contact information in Luis's and Jase's door in the morning. They each kissed Luis and Jase goodnight on the mouth and said they'd love to get together with them when Luis and Jase were in Alaska. The twins had never been to Alaska and had always wanted to go.

Luis let Jase do all the talking. Jase didn't see anything wrong with keeping in touch with them. He told them he'd love to make future plans. When he told them he could get them the deal of a lifetime on a new electric motor home, they hugged him again and they both smiled so wide he saw their back teeth.

When Luis and Jase were finally in bed, Luis moved close to Jase and snuggled into his side. He placed one hand on Jase's dick and the other on Jase's chest and said, "Were you serious about getting Rand and Rob a good deal on one of these motor homes? They were very excited. Or were you just saying that?"

"Of course I was serious," Jase said. "I like them a lot. They're great guys. I know for a fact I can get them into a trial test program for people who travel a lot in motor homes. This company I'm thinking of investing in is looking for people to test drive these things for the next year. If they like them, they can buy them at half the cost in the end as a bonus. Since these things cost almost as much as a home, you can't get a better deal than that anywhere. And if they don't like it at the end of a year, they just give it back with no strings attached."

Luis kissed his chest. "That's very nice of you. You're the sweetest man I know."

Jase looked down at the top of Luis's head. "Why am I the sweetest man you know?"

"I wasn't sure how you'd react to what just happened," Luis said. "This is the first time I've ever actually had physical contact with another guy in front of you." He laughed. "Actually, I kind of surprised myself tonight."

They hadn't talked about what they'd just done with Rand and Rob until now. As far as Jase was concerned, it was just sex. But he could tell Luis needed to talk about it. Luis was like that. He always needed to talk about how he was feeling and what his emotions were. So Jase put his arm around Luis's shoulders and said, "We had a little fun tonight. No big deal. I have to admit one thing, though. I was amazed at the way you were sucking them both off at the same time." He laughed. "I never saw anyone try to gobble up two dicks that fast in my life. What would our friends back home think if they saw you, especially Roland and Josh? You're always so critical of their open sex life." Jase laughed. "I think they'd be fascinated at what just happened tonight."

Luis sighed. "I guess they would be a little shocked," he said. "I only wanted to have a little fun in front of Rob and Rand. I didn't expect them to shove their dicks in my face that way. That was an unplanned accident."

"I kind of figured," Jase said. He really wasn't upset, nor was he jealous. But he knew Luis needed to work this out in his head. Jase was older and more secure than Luis. He knew he had found something special with Luis and he felt no competition at all from the Ricky Martin twins.

"Did it bother you?" Luis asked. "Were you jealous?"

Jase decided there was only one way to handle this. If he put this all on himself, Luis wouldn't feel guilty and they could both go to sleep. "You have to remember something," he said. "When we met, I was a gay virgin. I'd never done anything with a man up until then. What we did tonight is kind of like catching up for me. Almost like having a quick puberty in my mid-life. And I had fucking blast tonight; I felt like I was in college all over again. I missed all that because I was in the closet. I think you had fun, too. Rob and Rand are two hot guys. I knew the minute you started licking their feet where it was going to lead and I wanted it to go there. If I'd been jealous or worried, I would have stopped you."

"So you're okay with all this," Luis said. "I need to know that nothing is different between us. That we're still in love and our lives aren't going to change at all. I don't want anything lurking beneath the surface. I'd like to get it all out right now."

Jase smiled and ran his palm down Luis's back. If anything, he loved him more at this very moment than he'd ever loved him before. "Luis, what just happened at the lake has nothing to do with our relationship. Nothing is different between us, and nothing ever will be different between us. I love you more now than the first day we met, and I always will." He knew he had to go into details, even if he repeated himself.

Luis exhaled and said, "I feel the same way. If anything, being with Rob and Rand made me realize how much I prefer you as a lover to anyone else. With them, it was just sucking dick. With you it's so much more."

Jase fought back the urge to yawn. He was so tired he could barely keep his eyes open. "Are you okay? It's all settled and we're good?"

Luis nodded against his chest. "I just don't want to make a habit of doing this all the time," he said. "Once in a while is okay, but I don't want to have one of those open lifestyles like Josh and Roland. No sex playrooms for me in the basement."

Jase knew he had to answer this one with care. He thought for a moment and said, "I agree. I don't want an open lifestyle either. You're more than enough man for me. If the opportunity ever arises by accident, like it did this weekend, then we'll play. But we won't go looking for it." He was telling the truth, too. Though he'd enjoyed watching Luis suck them off, he really didn't feel the need to run out and do it all over again.

Luis sighed out loud and his breath blew across Jase's bare chest. "I didn't do anything all weekend for Elena's blog. I feel awful."

"You can catch up on the plane ride back to New York."

Luis squeezed his balls hard and said, "Goodnight, my love."

Jase kissed the top of Luis's silky head, whispered goodnight, and closed his eyes. When he thought about the stunned expression on Luis's face when Rob and Rand shoved their balls against his nose, he fought back the urge to snicker.

His mind wandered. He thought about the electric motor home and how he was going to invest in the company after all. He still wasn't certain about the electric aspect, but as long as the motor home could be switched to gasoline at any time, he felt secure. So far, this had been one of the most memorable weekend adventures he'd ever had and he wanted to invest his money in something he loved. Then as his mind drifted to Alaska and he started to doze, he thought about his dream house and all the plans that had yet to be put down on paper. He'd hire the same architect he'd hired to renovate their house on West 95th Street in New York. He'd build something modern and all glass on the edge of the cliff, in the spot where he'd always imagined he would spend the rest of his days with Luis by his side.

THE END

