Chapter One

While Jase Nicholas was on the lower level of the brand new house in Alaska, Luis Fortune-Nicholas was upstairs in the starkly furnished master bedroom watching a TV show about weddings. He'd been reading science fiction about time travel and different frequencies. But the book was getting way too intense and he wanted to focus on something lighter.

Luis and Jase had already gone through a romantic marriage ceremony in Alaska, with family and friends and rings. But that marriage wasn't recognized as a legal union anywhere. So when the state of New York, Luis and Jase's official residence, legalized same sex marriage, they went for a small civil ceremony to make it legal in at least one state. It wasn't the most romantic ceremony. So Jase made up for this when he gave Luis a large gold ring with an unusual feature: the top opened and inside the ring Jase had placed a tiny photo of their son, Hunter.

At the time, Luis decided to take Jase's last name, hyphenated with his own. He was officially Luis Fortune-Nicholas. With their son, Hunter, using the last name Nicholas, it made things easier all the way around and created a connected sense of family. This helped Luis sleep better at night.

A local TV station was running a commercial for one of the Nicholas family businesses in Alaska and Luis's eyes were fixed on the screen. The TV commercial talked about the family's chain of hardware stores throughout Alaska, and it was filled with bits and pieces of nostalgia about Jase's grandfather. The grandfather had started the business in a small storefront in town and it had grown into a multi-million dollar chain. The Nicholas family now had many profitable businesses in Alaska and Jase's mother, Mary, ran them all.

Though Luis knew Jase's father, Barry Nicholas, before he died suddenly the previous summer; and Luis knew Jase's mother, Mary; and Jase's ninety year old grandmother, Isabelle; he'd only seen photos of Jase's grandfather, Judah Nicholas. Luis had heard plenty of stories about feisty old Judah: he'd walked through miles of deep snow to get to work, and he'd worked seven days a week all his life. But Luis always wondered what Judah had been like in person. From what Luis had heard, Jase resembled his grandfather in many ways, especially when it came to his excellent business instincts. Jase could also be as stubborn as his grandfather.

Jase was downstairs working out in the brand new state of the art gym he'd had installed that spring. Luis was waiting for him to come upstairs so they could shower and dress for Jase's twenty-fifth high school reunion that night. It was the first time they'd been alone in a while. Jase's mother and grandmother had asked if they could take Hunter to Disney World for two weeks. Luis agreed instantly. He thought it was a wonderful idea for Hunter to spend time with his grandmother and great grandmother. And it would give Luis and Jase some romantic time alone in their new dream home. This was the first time since the house had been built they would be there for the entire summer.

It had been a busy spring. There were more modeling jobs than Luis could handle and Jase had been busier than ever running his billion dollar empire. When they left New York a week earlier, Luis took a deep breath for what felt like the first time in weeks, thinking about spending the entire summer in peaceful Alaska again. And best of all, this time they were living in their new dream home right next door to where Jase's mother lived. Luis wanted Hunter to have a strong sense of family. The quiet woods were better than any sleeping pill invented. The soft babbling creek below the modern house of glass was far more calming than listening to relaxation tapes. And the mountaintop view overlooking the water from the wall of windows at the back of the house was more intense than watching the best film ever produced in Hollywood.

Luis loved living in New York. It had the best schools for Hunter and that's where Luis and Jase had to be for work. He loved their townhouse on the Upper West Side as much as he loved their weekend getaway place in Bucks County, PA, Cider Mill Farm. But the new house in Alaska was the place he though about most. Even though they couldn't move to Alaska full time yet, he cherished the time he spent there.

As soon as this high school reunion was over, Luis knew Jase would relax a little, too. Though Luis thought he knew every aspect of Jase there was to know, he learned something new that spring. When the invitation to Jase's high school reunion arrived in New York, Jase went into a tailspin Luis would never have predicted. Jase started working out daily and watching his diet more closely than Luis watched his. As a successful male model, Luis was a fanatic about his diet. The healthy foods Jase had always laughed at Luis for eating suddenly became Jase's main staples. He stopped eating carbohydrates, refined sugars, and comfort foods. He never ate fast food and started living on foods that were high in protein and only organic. He also started jogging with Luis every morning in Riverside Park. Jase wasn't overweight by any means. He was one of those lucky men who have a perfect body without having to do anything special. But Jase said he was dieting and working out extra so he'd stay young and healthy.

Luis had a feeling there was more to all this then Jase was telling him. When Jase went out and got a short hair cut and had his sandy hair lightened with streaks of pale blond, Luis's jaw almost hit the floor. And when Jase started getting a spray tan once a week, Luis thought he'd lost his mind.

At first, Luis wondered if Jase was having an affair with another man. There were sneaky vicious queens all over New York who would kill to get their hands on a man like Jase. Why else would a great looking man like Jase go to such lengths to look even better? Jase had never been a self-obsessed man who cared about Botox injections and looking younger than he was, which was one of the things Luis loved the most about him. Jase wasn't like the gay men Luis knew all over New York ... the high maintenance circuit queens who followed every new trend and turned Luis's stomach. Jase was a real man, who wore plaid shirts and work boots on his days off, and walked around the house in old boxer shorts scratching his junk. Though he was known all over the world as The Virgin Billionaire, Jase usually preferred beer to champagne and pick up trucks to expensive foreign cars. And this is what Luis preferred about Jase. There were no lies; there was no pretense. It was always authentic.

When Luis finally did confront Jase about his sudden interest in looking younger, he braced for the worst and prepared for a fight. If there was another slutty queen going after Jase, Luis would pull her hair out by the roots. But Jase shrugged and said, "I don't want to look old at my reunion this summer." This happened after they'd returned from a five mile run and their hot bodies were drenched in sweat.

Luis pressed his palm to his throat and gaped at his husband. Jase looked so honest and defeated at the same time, and Luis wasn't sure how to respond. So he told the truth. "But you don't look old. You'll be the best looking man at this reunion." At least Jase didn't have another man. Luis wouldn't have to pull any hair or scratch out anyone's eyes.

Jase frowned and said, "But I don't feel young anymore. It's like my body is changing and I don't know how to stop it. The other morning I found a gray pubic hair and I felt like crying. I know that sounds absurd."

Luis shrugged and let it go. But when Luis mentioned all this to Isabelle, Jase's ninety-something year old grandmother, she said Jase was going through a mild form of mid-life crisis. She laughed when Luis told her about what Jase was doing and she screamed when Luis told her about the gray pubic hair. Then she told Luis she'd died her hair jet black on her forty-fifth birthday because she didn't feel young anymore. Isabelle said it was the biggest mistake she'd ever made and it took months for the black hair to grow out. She told Luis her husband, Judah Nicholas, went out and bought a bright red convertible on his forty-sixth birthday so he could feel younger. Then she reassured Luis that everyone went through some kind of a mid-life crisis at one point or another and Jase would snap out of it eventually. "I know my grandson," she said. "He won't do anything stupid. And if he does, you let me know and I'll straighten his ass out fast."

Isabelle made Luis breathe a little better. Luis was also hoping Jase would snap out of his mid-life crisis after the reunion, partly because he was getting tired of waiting for Jase to come out of the bathroom. Jase started spending more time in bathroom trimming his pubic hair than his facial hair. Was he in there looking for gray hair between his legs? Luis was the one who was supposed to spend too long in the bathroom, not Jase. Luis was the one who was high maintenance, not Jase. But Luis didn't complain. He gritted his teeth and smiled. He took Isabelle's advice and decided to wait patiently for Jase to work all this out on his own.

When Jase came upstairs the night of the reunion and walked into the bedroom, Luis was still in bed watching TV. The Nicholas Hardware Store commercial was over and there were two aggressive, buxom women fighting over a fluffy peach bridesmaid dress that looked way too small for either of them. But Luis hadn't been paying attention to the TV. He'd been thinking about the reunion and how Jase would react when he saw his old classmates again.

When Luis looked up, he saw Jase standing there in basketball shorts and not shirt. His entire body was drenched in perspiration and his chest was still heaving from running up the stairs. Jase had always had a great torso, but now his abs ripped and his chest popped. Those two cute little muscles below his waist were bulging more than ever. Luis wasn't wearing anything. When they were alone in the house like this he preferred to walk around naked. He smiled at Jase and rolled over on his stomach. Then he spread his legs, arched his back a little, and sent Jase a mysterious backward glance.

Jase bit his bottom lip and walked to the bed. His hands were on his hips and his basketball shorts were sitting low on his slim hips. "What are you doing?" he asked, as if he knew what Luis wanted by looking into his eyes.

Luis spread his legs a little wider and said, "I've been waiting for you."

Jase removed his training shoes and socks. He pulled down his shorts and climbed up on the bed. Then he bent over and kissed Luis's smooth naked ass. "You taste so good," he said.

Luis reached around and grabbed Jase's dick. It was already hard and very sweaty; he stroked it a few times. "I bet you taste good, too."

Jase licked Luis's ass and said, "It's getting late. We should get dressed for the reunion."

Luis continued stroking Jase's dick. "We have plenty of time. You know what to do. You know how I like it."

This time Jase bit his ass. Then he slapped it hard and said, "You're bad. You like dick too much."

Luis turned and gazed into Jase's eyes. It still amazed him the way his chest caved in each time he glanced at the man he loved. "Can I help it if I'm in love with my husband? You looked so good when you came into the room, standing there all sweaty from working out, I can't help myself."

Jase moved forward and buried his face in Luis's ass. They knew every last inch of each other's body by now and nothing was off limits. He chewed Luis's anus, then lifted his chin and said, "You're just saying that. I'm too old for you."

Luis released Jase's dick and spread his legs as wide as he could. "You're perfect for me. You always have been and you always will be." Luis was almost thirty, and Jase had just entered his early forties. Luis had never considered this much of an age difference.

"But I'm all sweaty." He lowered his voice and said, "I stink and I'll get you all dirty."

"It's better that way. I love you even more, if that's possible, when you're sweaty." He reached back and ran his hand up and down his naked ass. "Fuck me like the time you fucked me last summer in the woods over that dirt pile while they were still building the house."

Jase got up and climbed on top of Luis's back. He guided his dick into Luis's ass and mounted him so fast Luis's head went back and he gasped. "Do you love what I'm doing to you right now? Is this dirty enough for you?" He laughed and slapped Luis's ass hard. The smack made Luis's ears ring.

Jase's lean sweaty torso rested against Luis's soft back. Luis started to beg. "Deeper, don't stop." Jase's long lanky legs were between Luis's legs and Jase bucked his hips slowly. Jase was already halfway inside. They'd stopped using condoms and lube a long time ago. Jase said he preferred Luis dry and Luis had learned how to take every last inch of Jase with or without lube.

"Let me know if I get too rough," Jase said. "I'm kind of wired right now from working out." He went deeper. His chin rested against Luis's left ear and he was whispering.

Whenever Jase told Luis to let him know if it got too rough, Luis knew he was in for a great ride. This meant Jase was pumped and horny. The fact that he'd been working out for two hours had probably worked him up even more than usual. "Don't worry about me," Luis said. "Do whatever you want. I love everything you do." This was the truth. Although they had an agreement where they sometimes brought other men into their bedroom, Luis had never met a man who could fuck like Jase. There was something about the way Jase penetrated him that filled every inch of his body with pleasure. Jase had a way of moving that made Luis lose all of his senses.

Jase gave him a few good, hard slams. The bed rocked and Luis's head went up and down. "You like that? Is that rough enough for you?"

"Uh-huh," Luis said. He had trouble speaking. The lips of his anus tightened; he bent his legs at the knee and arched his feet. "Don't stop, Jase. Please keep going."

"I knew you'd like it," Jase said. Then he started bucking his hips faster and said, "How's this?"

"Fuck yes," Luis said. Jase was sliding all the way out and all the way in. His pelvis slapped against Luis's ass with cracks and thuds. If they hadn't been alone, someone might have thought Jase was hurting him.

Jase said, "Fucking hot, sweet ass. Fucking tight, sweet hole."

Luis started to moan softly. His back was soaked with Jase's perspiration and there were drops of sweat from Jase's forehead dripping down his neck.

"I don't know how long I can hold back," Jase said. "I hope that's okay."

Luis arched his feet and moaned a few times. "Just keep fucking me harder, Jase. I don't care when you come. I'm close, too."

There were times when they made love for hours. It started with Luis licking Jase's body from top to bottom and ended with both of them gasping for air. They'd once spent twenty-four hours in bed playing with each other and talking dirty. There was one week early in their relationship when the doctor said Jase couldn't fuck Luis for a couple of days because the lips of Luis's anus were raw from too much screwing. But Luis knew this time it was going to be fast. He could tell by the way Jase was grunting and slamming into him. And he didn't mind in the least. Luis loved making love to his husband whether it was for hours or minutes. The shortest fuck session they'd ever had was when Jase fucked Luis in a dark parking lot on the way home from a gay wedding on Long Island. It lasted all of five minutes, which was fine with Luis. Sometimes Luis liked being held by Jase even when they weren't having sex. Sometimes, when they were in a room full of people, Luis would glance at Jase when no one was looking and smile. He would become filled with emotion and the only thing he wanted was to be in Jase's arms. No one had ever been able to make Luis feel this way, and he doubted anyone else ever would. So whenever Jase wanted a quick fuck, Luis was more than willing to spread his legs and oblige.

By the time Luis's face was smashed against the pillows, Jase grunted, slammed into him five times, and came. Luis turned slightly and they started to kiss, the kind of deep, heavy kiss that always made the world go silent for Luis. And while they kissed, and while Jase was still deep inside, Luis grabbed his own dick and he came.

When they stopped kissing, Luis took a deep breath and said, "That was so hot. I think you should fuck me after every workout from now on. You're a wild man."

Jase kissed his cheek and climbed off his back. He slapped his dick against Luis's ass a few times and said, "I wish you'd known me when I was younger, back in high school. I would have done things to you that would have blown you away." Then he climbed off the bed and picked up his shorts.

Luis turned over and sat up. He sent Jase a reassuring look and said, "I hate when you say things like that. I love you for who you are right now, and that has nothing to do with your age. Besides, you're still a young man by all standards. And you look like you're ten years younger than you really are." No one ever guessed Jase was a day over thirty-five.

Jase wiped his dick with his shorts and shrugged his shoulders. "But I'm middle aged now," he said. "There's no denying it. I'm a man in my forties no matter how young I try to look. And I'm going to get older. In a few years, it will all be over." Jase was the smartest man Luis knew ... a genius who had helped change the world with his inventions ... and yet he could be so dumb when it came to practical everyday matters.

Luis moved to the end of the bed and said, "You're not middle aged. Middle aged is when you're in your fifties."

Jase lifted his eyebrows and laughed. "Only if you plan to live to be one hundred."

"I'm serious, Jase," Luis said. "I know you're feeling old because of this damn reunion and I'm starting to think we shouldn't go. This is why I hate reunions and I'll never go to one. Who the hells wants to see those people from high school anyway? It's depressing to me. I didn't like most of them then, and I'm sure I won't like them any better now." Though Luis tended to be more emotional than Jase, he could be pragmatic when it came to things like this . And he didn't like to waste time looking back. He preferred looking forward. In Luis's opinion, the past was the past; leave it alone.

Jase laughed and tossed his sweaty shorts in Luis's face. "You say that now, but if you'd known me when I was younger you would have been far more impressed with me. I could fuck you every twenty minutes back then."

Luis blinked. "Jase, you've got to be joking. Who the hell wants to get fucked every twenty minutes? That's just sick. I'm the one who is always telling you I'm not in the mood. All you want to do is fuck." When Luis wasn't in the mood, he responded with less enthusiasm. It was the way he was wired. He had to be emotionally connected. But all Jase had to do was scratch his dick and he was ready to go. For Jase, sex was physical, with some emotion attached to it. Luis always swore Jase would fuck a pumpkin if he got horny enough and there wasn't a human around.

"But I was better back then, all the way around," he said. "I was hungry when I was younger. I didn't have any of my own money and I was eager to make it. I had so much passion I didn't know how to deal with it sometimes. And now my back aches when I get out of bed in the morning."

"We're all like that when we're young," Luis said. "And, thankfully, we grow up. If I'd known you when you were younger you wouldn't even have looked at me. You were in the closet back then, dating women and denying you were gay. Think about it, you were a virgin when we first met." Luis had been the first man Jase had ever been with, which made Luis feel special. Jase hadn't been Luis's first man. He'd lost his virginity in high school. But it was nice to know one of them had been a virgin when they'd met.

Jase reached down and cupped Luis's face. He kissed him gently and said, "Oh, I would have noticed you if I'd seen you when I was younger. I would have been chasing your hot ass up and down the street. I would have fallen madly in love with you the minute I saw you and followed you wherever you went."

Luis stood up and tossed the sweaty shorts back at Jase. He laughed, because he knew Jase could be full of shit sometimes. "You're only saying that now. You probably would have ignored me completely."

Jase laughed. "I think it would have been the other way around. You would have ignored me. I had no money back then. I wasn't a billionaire. I couldn't give you anything or any kind of a decent life."

This comment made Luis clench his fists. He felt his face flush and he glared at Jase for being so insensitive. "After all we've been through I can't believe you'd say something like that to me. One of the reasons I work so hard at those fucking modeling jobs is so people won't ever think I'm with you because of your money. You know how I feel about that. If you had a reversal of fortune tomorrow and lost everything you have, I'd still be with you. I couldn't care less about your money and you know it, Jase Nicholas." Luis felt strongly about this; he didn't want people to think he was with Jase for his money. Luis was putting his identical twin brother through nursing school with the money had made modeling. Luis liked having his own money and career. It made him feel he was contributing to society and gave him a sense of independence.

When Luis lashed out this way, Jase must have noticed the hurt tone in his voice. He crossed to where Luis was standing and placed his hands on Luis's waist. "I'm sorry I said that. I was only joking around to make a point. It must be because I'm a little freaked out about this reunion. I know how hard you work. I know you're not with me because of money. Please don't pay any attention to me. I don't seem to know what I'm saying these days. All I know is I love you."

Luis stared down at the floor and shrugged. "I do mean it, Jase. If you lost all your money tomorrow, I'd still be here with you. I would love you just as much whether you lived in a single wide trailer or a palace. And I always will love you that way."

"I know," Jase said. He pulled Luis closer and hugged him tightly. "And I love you just as much, if not more. My life didn't begin until I was in my late thirties, the day I met you. And I can't imagine going through a single future day without you by my side. The only real reversal of fortune I could have is if something were to happen to you." He laughed; he poked Luis. "Get it, reversal of fortune."

Luis's last name was Fortune. He rolled his eyes and said, "That's lame, even for you."

"I thought it was funny."

Luis kissed Jase on the chest. He squeezed his biceps and took a quick breath. "I still think this reunion is a bad idea. Let's stay home tonight and play around in bed. I'll put on those red see-through underpants you like and the black boots with the high heels." He knew how much Jase loved kink of any kind.

Jase released him and turned toward the bathroom. "As tempting as it sounds, I have to go to the reunion. I can't explain why, but it's important. And I really want everyone to meet you. They've all read about us in the press and I'm sure they are all wondering about you. I'm proud of you and I want to show you off. I think that's the most important part of going tonight. I didn't have a real puberty. While everyone else was doing the normal things straight people do, I was pretending to be someone I wasn't. And you know how long it finally took me to admit I was gay. I'll be fine."

When Jase put it this way, Luis couldn't argue with him. Although Luis had been sexually active in high school with a few guys, it had always been a huge secret. Luis knew what it was like to sit on the sidelines and watch the straight people live their lives without being judged, going to cotillions and proms, making plans for school dances and doing all the normal things high school kids do. Luis moved to New York and he'd come out of the closet at a much younger age than Jase had, but those hideous pubescent years, hadn't been easy for him either. The difference between them was Luis had no intention of ever revisiting his high school for a reunion or anything in his past. But Jase seemed so determined to do this; Luis couldn't refuse. "You shower first," Luis said. "I want to change the sheets. We made a real mess in here and I hate coming home to a messy bedroom."

On his way to the bathroom, Jase turned and smiled. "Did I tell you I'm going broke tomorrow? I made a few bad business deals this past year and I'll be worth nothing by tomorrow morning."

Luis flung him a glance and shrugged his shoulders. "Then we'll just have to start all over again," he said. "If you're smart enough to make a billion dollars once, you should be smart enough to make it twice."

Jase bit his bottom lip and shook his head. "I like the way you think. You're a lot tougher than I give you credit for."

Luis bent over and spread his legs so he could pull the covers off the bed. He knew Jase was watching him. "And don't ever forget it. Now go take a shower. You stink and you don't want all your old high school buddies to think you're a slob."

Chapter Two

On the way to the reunion, Jase brought up a subject Luis wasn't fond of discussing. "Have you thought about adopting another child? I'd really like to do this."

Luis sighed. "I'd rather not talk about it, Jase." Luis was heavily involved in an organization in New York called The Angel Association. It helped unwed mothers figure out what to do so they wouldn't panic and abandon their newborn babies. It killed Luis to think of the newborn babies that were abandoned on front porches and left to die in dumpsters. It bothered him so much he couldn't pass a dumpster without looking inside to see if there was an abandoned baby. The main reason why he didn't want to adopt was because he wanted to find an abandoned baby ... he wanted fate to lead the baby to him. One of Luis's quirks was superstition and a strong belief in the supernatural and spiritual world. He believed he would find an abandoned baby one day and he didn't want to tempt his fate by adopting a child in the traditional way.

"You're never going to find a baby in a dumpster, Luis," Jase said, as if Jase knew him too well. "At least not alive. And you should know this better than anyone after all the work you've done with The Angel Association. The sad, painful fact is the odds are against you and those poor little abandoned babies."

"I don't want to talk about it right now," Luis said. The last time they'd talked about this it wound up in an argument, with Luis in tears.

"I want to adopt," Jase said. "I want Hunter to have a brother or sister. I think it's important. I was an only child and I always wanted a bigger family."

Luis glanced out the window and shrugged. "I don't want to talk about it right now." He was also afraid to adopt a child. It was hard enough raising Hunter. He never knew if he was making mistakes; he wasn't sure he could do it again. But if he found an abandoned baby, he would know fate had led the baby to him and it was meant to be. He knew deep down this wasn't rational. But it was a way for him to rationalize a difficult life altering decision. Sometimes he wondered if he was really running away from the issue.

"When do you want to talk about it?" Jase asked, with a snide tone. "I'm not getting any younger you know. In a few years I'll be old enough to adopt a grandchild."

Luis rolled his eyes. He was getting so sick of this mid-life crisis business he wanted to scream. But he loved Jase enough to know when to be kind and bite his tongue. "We'll discuss it later, not tonight."

When they pulled up to Jase's old high school, Jase parked but he didn't turn the truck off right away. He stared up at a mid-century modern one story red brick structure and gazed at a white banner with gold letters welcoming the former students back for the twenty-fifth reunion. He rubbed his jaw and frowned as he watched couples walk through the front doors.

"What's wrong?" Luis asked. He adjusted his black tie, and then turned to brush a small piece of lint off Jase's black tuxedo jacket. "You look like you're ready to vomit."

"I wish it were dark outside," he said. "It would be easier in the dark."

"It's June; this is Alaska," Luis said.

"I can't believe I'm actually going to my twenty-fifth high school reunion," he said. "It seems like just yesterday I graduated. Where the hell did twenty-five years go?"

Luis knew this was partly Jase's mid-life crisis speaking, and partly his usual apprehension about going to large public events like this. He reached over, grabbed Jase's crotch, and rubbed it. "I can't believe how fast the time has gone by since I met you. I guess it's just the way life works. You go around thinking you're really living, thinking you have all this extra time, and then you find your real life, the life you were meant to have all along, and everything starts to move so fast you can't stop it no matter how hard you try."

Jase put his arms around Luis. He spread his legs so Luis could play with his balls. "That's exactly how I feel. It's like things moved so slowly until I met you. And now, as if it happened over night, I can't seem to stop the time anymore. And it's moving faster and faster and I'm spinning right along with it."

"We're here now," Luis said. He bent down and kissed Jase's crotch. "We should go in. You'll regret it if we don't. There's no way to control time. If there were, we would all go back in time and redo a lot of our mistakes." This is what the main character in the science fiction novel he was reading had done.

"Why don't you suck me off and we can go home."

"Stop worrying. It will be fine. Before we left Cider Mill Farm I had the Reverend von Klingensmith do a reading for me. He said everything at the reunion would be wonderful. He said there was nothing to worry about." Luis wasn't religious, but he believed in all things spiritual. The Reverend von Klingensmith, a light-hearted older gay man with white hair and a large belly, was his neighbor in Bucks County, PA. He was also Luis's own personal spiritual advisor and psychic. Luis knew Jase didn't believe in psychics or spiritual guides. But this didn't bother Luis. If there was a ghost seer, a palm reader, or a crystal ball reader in sight, Luis was always game to experience it.

Jase rolled his eyes. "You know I love von Klingensmith, but I think he's a loon sometimes with all the spiritual, psychic crap. I'd rather you suck me off and then we leave." He spread his legs and bucked his hips.

Luis sat up. He gave Jase a playful shove and said, "I'll suck your dick later. Right now we have to go into that big ugly building and smile."

"Maybe this really was a mistake," Jase said. "Maybe we should go home and forget about it. Now that I'm here, I'm not so sure I want to see all these people again. I've managed to live the last twenty-five years without them, I'm sure I can live the next twenty-five without them .

Luis rolled his eyes; he was losing patience. "We're already here," he said. "Buck up, Jase. We may as well go inside and check it out." Luis was starting to get curious about Jase's past, and about what he'd been like in high school. He'd heard Jase's mother and grandmother talking about how popular Jase had been back then. Luis also wanted Jase's old classmates to see Jase was happily married now, and to a man, not a woman. Luis knew this was a little devious on his part. But he was proud of his life with Jase and he wanted everyone in Jase's past to know it.

Jase took a quick breath. "Are you sure?" He grabbed his crotch and said, "Wouldn't you rather suck my dick instead."

Luis leaned over and kissed him. It was times like this when he'd learned to be both strong and gentle with Jase. "C'mon, let's go. If you want to leave early, I don't mind. We can go out to the back of the school and I'll suck you off in the bleachers."

"Is that what you used to do to the guys in your high school?" Jase asked.

Luis knew Jase wasn't asking this because he was jealous. Jase was asking this because he loved to hear stories about Luis doing other men. It was another slight kink Jase had Luis didn't mind. But the truth was Luis hadn't sucked many guys off in high school. Only a few. He opened the door and unfolded from the truck. "C'mon. We're going inside."

On the way into the high school, they met a straight couple standing on the concrete steps beneath the portico. They were both about the same age as Jase, and Luis assumed they'd been in his graduating class. The man had dark hair and a slight paunch; the woman had a tight frizzy perm and a big puffy hairstyle from the l980's. She wore a plastic corsage that had yellowed around the edges. When they saw Jase and Luis approach, the man lifted his arms, ran toward them, and said, "It's The Virgin Billionaire, Jase Nicholas."

Jase gulped and he flung Luis a glance. He clearly hadn't expected anyone to lunge at him.

Luis looked down and covered his smile with two fingers.

The man reached for Jase's hand and shook it hard. "I heard you might be here tonight. I can't believe it's been twenty-five years since we last saw each other, buddy."

Luis loved the way these straight guys called each other buddy all the time.

Jase stood there, shaking the man's hand, nodding with a Forrest Gump smile. Luis knew Jase didn't have a clue who this man was, so Luis stepped in and said, "I'm Luis, Jase's husband."

When the woman heard Luis say he was Jase's husband, she clutched a fake pearl necklace to her beige polyester dress and made a circle with her bright red lips.

The man shook Luis's hand and said, "I'm Lance Harding, and this is my wife, Lori Harding."

"It's nice to meet you," Luis said. "Jase talks about his high school days all the time. He can't stop talking about them, especially Lance and Lori." This was a lie. Jase never spoke about high school. But Luis was having too much fun to care. He turned to Lori Harding and said, "I love your hair, honey."

Lori Harding blinked and shook Luis's hand.

Jase poked Luis in the ribs with his elbow and said, "It's good to see you, Lance, Lori. We're going inside to get situated now. We'll see you later."

And before Luis had a chance to say another word to Lance or Lori Harding, Jase reached for his elbow and whisked him into the building.

When they were inside, Luis laughed and said, "Did you see the look on her face when I said I was your husband? I thought she might fall down."

"You know I never talk about them," Jase said. "And there's a reason. While Lance thought Lori was his girlfriend back in high school, Lori was bopping half the guys in the senior class. I still have trouble looking him in the eye."

Luis glanced back over his shoulder at Lori and Lance outside the building. "I never would have guessed a woman with hair like that liked dick."

Jase smiled. "Please be good tonight. A lot of these people have never seen a gay couple in person before. I'm sure most won't care. I'm sure there will be other gay people here. But Lance and Lori were both very religious in school. Lori's father was one of those evangelist preacher types and they've led sheltered lives."

Luis laughed. "Yeah, it sounds like Lori was a real church girl in high school."

"Ah well."

Luis nodded. He made a serious face and said, "I'll be on my best behavior. I swear I will. I won't ask Lori if I can dance with Lance."

Jase laughed. "Well, you can do that if you want. But you have to promise to do it when I'm around so I can see the look on their faces."

There were long folding tables set up in the front hall of the school, covered with white paper tablecloths, decorated with blue and white streamers twisted together. Luis hadn't seen decorations like this since Hunter's last kiddie cupcake event at pre-school. Evidently, blue and white were the school colors. When Luis glanced at the glass shelves behind the table and looked at the wall of trophies, he spotted a large photo of Jase in a blue and white football uniform. Damn, Jase had been even hotter than Luis had imagined back then. If he'd known Jase in high school, he would have been swinging from his padded shoulders.

Luis pointed. "Look, Jase, there's your picture. You must have been very popular. No one else has a picture so large on the shelves." Luis noticed there was no mention of Jase being The Virgin Billionaire. It was a photo of Jase in his football uniform, with a plaque beneath it that read, "Best Star Quarter Back Ever to Grace These Halls."

Jase shrugged and glanced around at the other people in the hallway. "I played football," he said. "They took a lot of photos here. In small towns, high school football is the biggest thing there is next to church and funeral parlors. There were times when I felt like I was wearing football gear all year long. Let's get our name tags and find the table. I'd like to sit."

Luis noticed Jase was speaking faster and his left eyelid was twitching a little, so he didn't ask any more questions. They crossed to the long folding table and asked for their name tags. And when the two women standing behind the table realized it was Jase, they threw their arms up in the air and screamed so loudly everyone else turned to see what had happened.

One woman with short blond hair reached out and shook Jase's hand. "It's Betsy," she said. "Betsy Melchiorri, from student government. I don't think you've changed at all, Jase Nicholas." She looked him up and down and licked her lips. She was wearing a strapless dress made out of royal blue polyester fabric that hugged her large body. She had cleavage both in front and in back of the dress. "If anything, I think you're even more attractive now than when you were in high school."

Jase said, "Ah well," and rubbed his jaw.

Luis reached for Betsy's hand and said, "I'm Jase's husband, Luis. It's nice to meet you, Betsy." The way she looked at Jase made Luis's stomach pull. Though Luis wasn't normally the jealous type, this pushy broad was a little too obvious. It looked as if she were undressing Jase with her eyes. She'd probably had a crush on him in high school and would love to get into his pants now.

Betsy shook Luis's hand and said, "Hi, sweetie. Nice ta-mee-tcha." Then she turned to Jase, ignoring Luis completely, and continued to rave about the way Jase looked, leaving Luis a full view of her ample back cleavage.

The other woman stood there gaping at Jase, with her hands pressed against her mouth. She had mousy brown hair, in a layered, feathered hair style Luis hadn't seen since the last time he saw a rerun of the 80's TV show, Mr. Belvedere. He wondered if they all went to the same hair stylists.

While the people standing around the table stared and whispered about Jase and Luis, Luis leaned forward and said, "Could we please have our name tags, Betsy dear? We'd like to sit down now." He bit the inside of his mouth.

Betsy Melchiorri sent Luis a nasty, catty glare. Then she reached down, found their names tags, and gazed into Jase's eyes as if she were about to swoon across the table. She tossed Luis his name tag without even looking at him. It landed on the floor. But she reached over the table and gently pinned Jase's name tag to his lapel, caressing his chest with her fingertips. Before Jase turned to leave, she ran her right hand up and down his lapel and said, "I'll see you later, handsome. I hope we get a chance to dance together and talk about old times."

Jase smiled. "Ah well, we'll see. I'm not much of a dancer."

"I'll reserve a slow dance," she said.

Luis couldn't control the urge. "And I'll dance with your husband, sweetie."

Betsy sent Luis another glare. She spoke with a deadpan tone. "I'm divorced."

"I wonder why," Luis said, then he grabbed Jase's arm and yanked him toward the auditorium where the dinner tables were set up. On the way inside, he asked, "Did you have a thing back in high school with that awful pushy Betsy woman, Jase?"

Jase laughed. "We dated in our senior year a few times," he said. "Don't be jealous. I don't really even remember her very well. She was one of those student government types, always talking about politics and worrying about the world's state of affairs. Always something boring. I remember when she spoke in normal conversation she used words like "truncated," no one ever understood. She's the type who probably knows how to explain how an e-reader works where most people simply push a button and read the damn book. I ran for the student government because it helped me get into college and Betsey talked me into it. I dated her because I wasn't sure what else to do at the time."

Luis tilted his head sideways. "But you were President. You must have been interested in school politics."

Jase shrugged. "I was more interested in football. I don't even know how I got elected President of the Student Government. I don't even remember campaigning. They just sort of elected me."

Luis closed his eyes and shook his head. This was typical Jase; true to form: clueless. He had the ability to stumble into things without even knowing it was happening. Luis smiled when he thought about the poor bastard that ran against Jase. He'd probably worked hard to get elected, and there was nothing he could do or say to match Jase's charisma.

When they entered the windowless auditorium, the lights were lower and there were small candles lit at each table. It must have been a large class, because there were enough tables to fill the entire space. Jase had mentioned this had been a regional high school and students from small towns all over this part of Alaska had gone there. Luis glanced around at all the unfamiliar faces. He gulped when he realized there weren't many gays in this crowd ... not a feather boa or a rhinestone to be seen. And word seemed to spread fast with this group. A lot of them were staring at Jase and murmuring to each other. But what really made Luis reach out and grab the back of a chair was when he looked up at the stage and saw a massive photo of Jase in his football uniform. It had to be over nine feet tall.

Jase saw the photo, too. It was impossible to miss; it took up half the stage. "I wish they hadn't put it up," he said. "It makes me feel weird."

Luis smiled and patted his back. "They obviously loved you very much. You should be proud they'd remember you this way. I don't think anyone would even know who I was if I walked into a class reunion back in Tennessee."

Jase looked around the room. He pointed to another large photo near the band and said, "At least they didn't single me out. Thankfully, there are huge photos of other people, too."

The band played a Madonna song from the late l980's and Luis started tapping his foot and moving his hip. They didn't sound all that bad either. But before he had a chance to ask Jase if he wanted to dance, Jase guided him to the other side of the auditorium so they could find their table.

On the way, Jase passed a long table filled with cakes, cookies, and interesting pastries. It reminded Luis of a pastry table they put up at the end of an Italian wedding. There was so much unhealthy, sugary, fattening food in one place he pressed his hand to his stomach and made a face. He'd make sure he stayed far away from that hideous table. Didn't these people know how to eat by now? A fresh organic fruit salad and tasty yogurt dip with fresh organic strawberries would have been so much better.

But Jase stopped and gaped at the table ... he did this with his hand on his stomach.

Luis asked, "What's wrong?"

Jase said, "I can't wait to dig into all these goodies." He rubbed his stomach and licked his lips.

"Oh Jase," Luis said. "You've been so sensible these past few months eating such good, healthy foods. I've been so proud of you. I think you'd better stay away from all that poison. Just looking at it makes me sick."

"Well just looking at that table gives me an erection," Jase said. He pulled Luis closer. "Listen to me very closely. I'm not going to reiterate. I love you more than anything or anyone in this world. But I am, indeed, going to try each and every cake, cookie and pastry on that table. I'm going to relish each bite I take and I'm probably going to go back for seconds when I'm finished. I might even knock someone over to be first in line. I've been eating bland branny shit and those tasteless organic veggies and fruities for so long I've forgotten what good old American food tastes like. You may have to carry me out in a stretcher when I'm finished. But I'm going down with a smile on my face."

Luis opened his mouth; he was prepared to protest.

But Jase didn't give him a chance. "And, so it's clear, I don't give a damn what the food police say. I don't give a damn what anyone in Washington, D.C. thinks either. They can kiss my all American ass from New York City to Cupertino, CA. As long as this is still America and it's still a free country, I'm going to eat what I goddamn well please tonight. So don't even think about talking me out of it. Pardon the cliche, because I know how cliches have gone out of style with the elitists, but I am going to have my cake and eat it, too! That organic fruity and veggie ship has sailed! I'm gonna wake up and smell the coffee and the pastries. At the end of the day, I might even pull up to a fast food drive-in tonight and get myself a big old sack of big Macs."

Luis knew when to back off, especially when Jase took on that tone. It was the same tone he used whenever he went up against a board member in his company. He usually wound up eating the board member for breakfast. These were Jase's own personal beliefs, and it was his own personal dialogue and Luis knew he didn't have the right to interfere. So Luis smiled and said, "If it's what you want, I won't say a word. I promise." Then he hugged him and kissed him on the cheek.

Jase's eyes widened. "What was the kiss for? I thought you might hit me over the head with something after that long rant."

Luis laughed. "I'm glad to hear you sounding like your old self for change. I've been so worried about you." Listening to Jase rant on about eating all those bad foods was one of the best things Luis had heard in months. He had a feeling Jase might be coming out of his mid-life crisis now.

By the time they reached their table, people had stopped gaping at Jase and they were starting to mingle with each other. Some had already found the bar. Luis noticed old friends stare at each other for a moment, stop dead without saying a word, and then jump up and down and scream when they recognized each other. They were hugging and kissing, patting and shaking. One woman with bangs shorter than Mamie Eisenhower's even pulled a Kleenex out of her purse and wiped the blue eye shadow off her eyes with one swipe. And most of them looked so much older than Jase. A lot of the men were bald and the women had forgotten about their figures while Clinton was President. For the first time since he'd been in his early twenties, Luis actually felt like a twink in this crowd.

Jase found the table and set his car keys next to the water glass. As he was about to turn, a nice looking man in a white dinner jacket stepped up behind him and said, "I wasn't sure you'd come tonight, Jase."

Luis watched the man closely. He wasn't bad looking at all, in a bookish sort of way. He had thick fingers and Luis figured he had a thick dick to match. He also had wavy brown hair, dark-framed eye glasses, and full lips. He reminded Luis of a model he knew back in New York, one of the older dudes who modeled men's suits.

Jase turned and stared at the man for a second. Then he tipped his head to the side and shouted, "Ashton Krause?"

The man smiled and said, "That's me, I wasn't sure you'd remember me. I always thought I was invisible in high school."

Jase reached out and hugged Ashton. He patted his back and smiled for the first time since they'd arrived. "It's so good to see you. You look wonderful."

Ashton looked a little too good to Luis. And Luis knew Ashton was gay. Luis's gaydar clicked: he could tell by looking into Ashton's eyes.

"You look spectacular, too," Ashton said. He glanced at the blond highlights in Jase's hair and smiled.

Jase laughed and ran his fingers through his hair. "I feel a little silly now. I don't know why I did this. I guess I was feeling a little old and wanted to recapture my youth one last time."

Luis stood there and listened, waiting for Jase to introduce him. He wished Jase hadn't bleached his hair. It attracted too much attention. Luis wanted Jase to look good ... but not that good.

"You look fine," Ashton said. "I like it."

Before Jase could reply, a much younger man with reddish brown hair stepped up and put his palm on Ashton's shoulder. He seemed to be swaying; he'd found the bar before the rest of them. Ashton turned, grabbed the man's arm, and said, "Jase, this is my husband, Kyle Archer."

Luis thought good old Kyle looked more like male escort material than husband material. Even though Kyle wore a tuxedo, there was something trashy about him that was hard to pinpoint. He reminded Luis of the kind of guy who would have enjoyed being tied up and peed on if there was money involved.

While Jase shook Kyle's hand, smiling so wide his gums were showing, Luis remained standing there, tapping his foot on the auditorium floor to the beat of Sister Christian.

A minute or two later, when it became obvious Jase wasn't going to introduce Luis any time soon, Luis cleared his throat and shoved his right arm between all three of them. "I'm Luis Fortune-Nicholas, Jase's husband. It's nice to meet y'all." He said y'all on purpose; Jase always knew he was pissed off when his Tennessee accent returned.

Jase turned fast. He put his arm around Luis and said, "I'm so sorry. I just got all caught up." He yanked Luis forward and said, "This is my husband, Luis."

Ashton put his arm around Kyle and said, "I had no idea you were gay back in high school, Jase. I have to admit I was shocked when I read about it the first time in the tabloids. You were the last guy I would have guessed was gay. You were the school jock and you dated Betsy Melchiorri for so long." He pulled trashy Kyle closer and laughed. "I had such a huge crush on Jase Nicholas, star quarterback, it was pitiful. I was terrified to even look Jase in the eye back them."

Jase laughed. "I never knew that. I didn't even know you were gay."

Ashton shrugged. "It wasn't something either of us would have advertised back then. Not unless we wanted to get our asses kicked.."

Jase frowned and nodded. He glanced at Kyle and said, "I'm glad things worked out well for you."

Ashton squared his shoulders. "I own BioTechLite. I started the company after I graduated from college."

Luis had heard of BioTechLite. He'd read about it in a magazine and he'd been impressed because the owner, Ashton, had one goal: he also wanted to help change the world with medical equipment. His mother had died of cancer and he'd devoted his life to helping people with cancer. He'd started one of those companies that designed and produced some serious medical equipment for cancer patients. But he also designed all kinds of hospital equipment now. It was based on Northern California, somewhere in the middle of Silicon Valley, and Ashton was one of those techie geniuses who wanted to change the world.

"I didn't know you owned BioTechLite," Jase said. "Congratulations. I always knew you'd do well." He turned to Luis. "Ashton was the smartest guy in our class. I used to think he was genius."

Luis forced a smile. "Isn't that nice." This was getting tired. Luis wanted to get a martini and dance to Cindi Lauper. The band was playing Time After Time. He hadn't heard that song in ages.

Ashton's face turned bright red and he shrugged. "I used to think you were a lot smarter than people thought you were, Jase, in that quirky, laid back sort of way. I'm glad you did well. I always knew you would." He turned and smiled at Luis. "I've read quite a bit about Luis, too." He pulled out a chair so Luis could sit down.

Luis smiled and sat down with everyone else. "I'm sure you have, Ashton. Just don't believe everything you read in the tabloids." He knew Ashton was talking about all the things he must have read in tabloids. Luis had gotten himself accidentally involved in a weird ring of drug dealers who fronted their drug business by buying and then selling men's used underwear to older gay men. They were actually New York real estate agents who were down on their luck, and Luis had been their non-sexual male escort. At the time, he had no idea what they were doing. He thought he was selling them his used underwear as a kind gesture. Then, not long after that messy business, Luis had wound up in the middle of a scandal involving an underage pornographer and a psychopathic male nanny named Darius that had made all the tabloids as well. When the media found out Luis was Jase Nicholas's partner, they gave him even more attention. And the fact that Luis was a fairly well known male model who blogged openly about his gay lifestyle only made him more interesting. He wasn't one of those trashy celebrities who were in the tabloids all the time, but he'd had his fair share of unsolicited exposure since he'd met Jase.

When a drunken guy in a beige polyester suit walked up to the table a few minutes later, he put one hand on Jase's shoulder and the other on Ashton's, and said, "Well here they both are. The two most successful men in our class. The millionaire and the billionaire."

Luis watched the way Jase and Ashton exchanged glances, as if they'd rather be two normal people that night. The drunk guy grabbed Jase and Ashton's arm and told him they were interviewing people down the hall in the old school radio station. He practically lifted them up out of their seats and dragged them out of the auditorium before they had a chance to decline.

Jase sent Luis a backward glance and said, "I'll be right back."

Luis smiled. "Take your time. I'll be right here." Where else could he go? He was stuck in the middle of what could have been his second worst nightmare; the worst would have been stuck in the middle of his own high school reunion.

When Kyle and Luis were alone, Kyle reached beneath the table and set his hand on Luis's knee. He sent Luis a sultry smile and licked his lips.

Luis blinked.

Kyle said, "I've seen you model underwear. Ashton has a few of the catalogues you're in. You look good. You've got a hot ass, baby. Really sweet." Luis could smell the alcohol on his breath and they weren't even sitting closely.

Luis smiled. He had always regretted doing the underwear catalogue job. Ever since, strange men would recognize him from the underwear ads and feel as though they could say or do anything to him. He'd even been accosted by two harmless country boys in Amish Country once, thanks to these underwear ads, where the country boys pulled down Luis's pants and tickled him in the front seat of an old pick up truck until he laughed so hard it hurt.

Kyle's hand went up higher and he squeezed the inside of Luis's leg. "You look as hot in person as you do in the photos. Wanna go someplace while those two are gone? I've got some X in my pocket. You can show me your underwear in person tonight."

Luis moved to the right and Kyle's hand slid off his leg. "Thank you. But I'd rather wait here for them." He decided to ignore the pass and change the subject. There was no way he was going to do drugs at this point in his life. He'd managed to get through his teens and twenties without drugs; he'd get through the rest of it that way, too. "Have you and Ashton been together for a long time? Ashton seems like a nice guy."

"About a year now," Kyle said. "We have an open relationship. Ashton is into feet. He loves to suck toes and sniff socks."

Luis pressed his palm to his chest. "Isn't that nice." He didn't know what else to say. The guy was obviously coming on to him and he didn't know how to let him down gently. He wanted to reach over and slap him in the face. Luis didn't like to be manhandled unless he gave the man permission first. He didn't like presumptuous men who thought that just because they had an open relationship everyone else did. And he could have lived without knowing Ashton was into feet.

Kyle moved closer. He leaned forward and reached for Luis's hand. "You have such soft skin. Let's dance, baby. I have about nine inches for you."

Luis glanced at the dance floor. It was still early and there were only a couple of people dancing to a bad version of an old Phil Collins song Luis had never liked. And there were no gay couples dancing; just a few straight couples. Though he would have danced with Jase if Jase had asked him, he wasn't in the mood to put on a show for the entire class reunion with this Kyle dude and his alleged nine inches. "I'd rather wait until Jase and Ashton get back," he said.

Kyle moved forward and he grabbed Luis's ass. "What are you into man? You look like a bottom to me. I'll bet you know how to take real good care of a man."

Luis felt like pouring a glass of water over his head. But he smiled and said, "I'm into my husband, Jase. He's the guy you just met."

As Kyle was about to lower his hand and slide it down the back of Luis's pants, a man with a nice smile rolled over in a wheel chair and grabbed Luis's arm. "Benny," he said, "I can't believe you're here."

Luis's eyes opened wider. "I'm sorry. I'm not Benny. I'm not even one of the reunion people, seriously. I'm from Tennessee."

The guy in the wheel chair said, "Don't joke around with me," he said. "I'd know you anywhere, Benny. It's me, Alec; we had homeroom together all through high school." Then he leaned over and hugged Luis. This time he whispered so Kyle wouldn't hear him. "I was watching that asshole grope you. I figured I'd come over and save you from him."

Luis hugged him and laughed. "Thank you. You have no idea how much I appreciate it." Then he sat back and said, "My name is Luis, and I'm here with Jase Nicholas."

Alec released Luis and stared at him for a second. "Well, I'll be damned. You look so much like Benny I would have bet anything on it. Sorry I bothered you."

Luis lifted his arms. "No. It's okay, seriously. I'm glad you came over." He gestured to Kyle. "This is Kyle. He's with a guy in your class named Ashton." Luis couldn't remember Ashton's last name. He was starting to wonder where Ashton and Jase were. Though Luis could handle Kyle alone, he was hoping Alec would stay there until Jase returned so he wouldn't have to. So when Alec reached to shake Kyle's hand, Luis sent Alec a pleading glance and nodded.

Alec must have read Luis's mind. When Jase finally did return, Alec was still there. Jase told Kyle that Ashton was waiting for him outside in the hallway, and then Jase said he wanted to take Luis over to the bar so they could get a couple of drinks. Before they left, Jase bent down and hugged Alec. Luis thanked Alec and hugged him again for coming to his rescue.

On the way to the bar, Luis asked, "What happened to Alec? Why is he in a wheel chair? He seems like really decent guy. And I think he's gay, too." Luis wasn't certain, but he had a feeling he saw the same look in Alec's eyes that he'd seen in Ashton's. He didn't mention the way Kyle had come on to him. He'd tell Jase later, when they were home, so it wouldn't spoil Jase's evening.

Jase shrugged and said, "It's a tough story. There was a graduation pool party at Betsy Melchiorri's house that June and Alec dove into the shallow end of a swimming pool by accident and broke his spine. He hasn't walked since that day." He gestured to a large photo next to the bar and said, "This was what he looked like back then."

Luis moved closer to the photo and looked it up and down. The young man was running on a track, actually in motion, when the photo had been taken. He had thick brown hair and well proportioned legs with the right amount of hair. Next to Jase, Alec had probably been one of the best looking guys in Jase's class. If Luis had known Alec when he was in high school, he would have done anything to get into his running shorts.

"It's sad," Luis said. "I'd like to get to know him better. He seems like a great guy."

"We'll catch up with him later and find out where he lives," Jase said. "I heard he's a novelist now. I'm not familiar with his work, but I'd like to read it."

All through dinner, Ashton and Jase talked about their businesses and their plans for the future. When they weren't talking business, they were talking about their families. The other people at the table either talked about high school or listened to what Jase and Ashton were saying. Luis remained quiet, sipping his fourth martini and eating some kind of Alaskan king crab dish he couldn't quite place. Luis hated sugary foods but he loved all sea food, especially crab. This dish had a peculiar mix of olives and some kind of spice he'd never experienced before. There was a bitter under taste Luis couldn't figure out. While Luis gorged himself and listened to the pounding music in the background, Kyle sat to his right and tried to feel him up all night when no one was looking. At one point he even leaned into Luis's side and whispered, "I'd love to spread crab meat and cocktail sauce all over your ass and eat it off."

After that comment, Luis got up to use the men's room because he was feeling a little dizzy. He was also having trouble breathing, as if his throat were closing. He blamed it on the last martini, but he had a feeling there might have been something wrong with the crab they'd served him. He didn't want to complain. He forced himself to be strong. Jase seemed to be smiling and talking more than he usually did at formal events. So Luis quietly excused himself from the table and went to the men's room alone.

But Kyle followed him into the men's room and cornered him at the end of a long row of stalls. Luis had just peed and he was about to pull up his zipper. Kyle walked into the same stall and locked the door. Then he pulled his dick out and waved it back and forth right in front of Luis.

Evidently, Kyle had been lying about the nine inches. Luis took one look at Kyle's little dick and lifted his arms at the same time. He was still having trouble breathing and his face felt hot. He felt panicky and helpless. The drinks had made him nauseous and the men's room was spinning. It felt like someone had wrapped their hands around his throat and he was being choked. He wanted to tell Kyle to stop, but he felt something unusual come over him and turned toward the toilet. As Kyle leaned back and waved his dick faster with two fingers, Luis leaned forward, pressed his palm to his stomach, and tried to throw up. But he only wound up gasping and choking the more he tried to purge. Instead of helping him, Kyle shoved his dick back into his pants and ran out of the men's room as fast as he could.

By the time Luis returned to the auditorium, there was a man in a light suit on the stage making some kind of announcement. Luis's head was still fuzzy and he couldn't make out what the guy was saying. He felt more nauseous than before and he couldn't take a deep breath no matter how hard he tried. He had to hold the backs of chairs while he walked to keep his balance. Something was very wrong and it had nothing to do with the martinis. Though Luis wasn't a drinker, he knew how to hold his alcohol and he knew when he'd had enough. He'd been sick before from too much drinking and that's not what this was like. This time he felt feverish and lopsided, as if the world had begun to tilt sideways and he wasn't sure how long he could hold on. He wondered if Kyle had slipped something into his drink when he wasn't looking. He had to get to Jase; he had to get out of there fast and get some fresh air.

When he reached the table, Jase's name was announced. They wanted Jase to sing something with a group of other men. Jase had mentioned he used to sing in high school, but he usually brushed it off when Luis asked him about it. Luis glanced at Jase and tried to get his attention. His eyes felt swollen and he had trouble focusing. Jase was too busy laughing with his high school friends to know what was happening with Luis. The last thing Luis remembered before he fell to the floor was watching Jase turn and leave the table. He was heading to the stage at the front of the auditorium and everyone was applauding him. After that, everything went blank.

The last thing Luis heard was when someone shouted, "Quick, call 911. He hit his head and he's not breathing. I think he's dead."

Chapter Three

When Luis opened his eyes, he heard a strange woman ask, "What happened to him?"

From what Luis could tell, he was stretched out on a long thin bed with metal sides and starchy white sheets. His head felt fuzzy and his mouth dry. He wasn't wearing any jewelry, not even his wedding rings. There was a slight ringing in his ears that wouldn't go away no matter how many times he forced a yawn. The sage green room smelled like disinfectant, rubbing alcohol, and witch hazel; there was soft music that sounded like the theme song from the old 80's movie Terms of Endearment coming through the open window from somewhere far away.

A deep voice said, "I was on my way back from taking individual photos with the football team and found him in the auditorium. I carried him right over here. I have no idea who he is or what happened to him. I've never seen him before."

Luis blinked. That was Jase's voice. Why would Jase have to carry him anywhere? But when Luis tried to lift his head and climb off the bed to see what was happening, he felt dizzy and knocked a tin container of cotton balls off the metal table beside the bed.

A plump middle aged woman with a tight home permanent walked over to the bed and stared down at Luis. She wore large red eyeglasses and bright red lipstick. "You'll be fine," she said. "You took a little spell and passed out." The woman's puffy, curly hair reminded Luis of Jase's grandmother's large standard poodle, Sweetie-Pie.

What on earth was a "spell?" Luis had no idea who this woman was. He tried to get up again and the room started to spin.

Jase walked over to the bed and glanced down at Luis. He asked the woman, "Do you think he should go to the hospital? He looks a little pale to me."

Luis wondered what kind of game Jase was playing on him. Jase was wearing the blue and white football uniform Luis had seen in the photo and his hair was much longer. He didn't have those cute little lines around his mouth anymore nor the flecks of gray hair in his sideburns. And the small scar on his forehead from the time he fell at Cider Mill Farm was gone. Luis's stomach tightened; there was something seriously wrong happening.

"I'm not sure yet," the woman said. "We might have to call an ambulance to be on the safe side. I'm not even sure he's a student here." At a second glance, she looked like some kind of a nurse, wearing one of those white uniforms Luis hadn't seen since he was a little kid. But that was impossible. The nurses nowadays wore those loose, baggy, pajama type affairs, with running shoes and tons of pockets.

If Luis had been feeling better and he hadn't been so terrified, he would have smiled. They thought he was in his teens ... a student ... and he loved when people thought he was younger than he really was. This was the ultimate compliment for a male model ... or any gay man. He knew all those healthy foods he eaten and all those long runs in Riverside Park would pay off one day. But when Luis heard the words ambulance and hospital, he concentrated hard on lifting his head and sitting up straight. He knew he wasn't sick enough to go to the hospital, and he had no idea what was happening to him. Maybe Jase wasn't playing a joke on him; maybe this was real.

He figured he'd better get up fast or he'd wind up in the back of an ambulance answering a ton of questions. "I'm fine," he said, as he flung his legs over the side of the bed. "I just tripped and fell. No harm done."

The nurse smiled. "See, I knew he'd be fine." Then she helped Luis off the bed until he was standing on his own two feet and asked, "Are you a student here? I don't think I've seen you before."

Jase said, "I've never seen him before. And I've been here for four years now." He stared at Luis with a sincere, fixed gaze.

Luis was still too confused to process anything. For some reason Luis couldn't explain, he knew Jase but Jase didn't know him. Evidently, this wasn't a joke. He glanced around the room and noticed a plaque on the wall with Jase's high school's name written across the bottom. Above the plaque, he saw a huge calendar. The month said it was June; the year below the month read "l986" in bold black print. Luis leaned forward and gaped at the calendar with his palm pressed to his chest and wondered what the hell he was doing there.

The nurse must have noticed Luis's horrified expression. She placed her hand on Luis's arm and said, "Maybe we should call an ambulance. I'm getting a little worried. Maybe he fell and hit his head and he has amnesia."

Oh, not that amnesia bullshit. Jase had experienced amnesia once in Amish Country and Luis couldn't handle that nonsense all over again. Once in a lifetime was enough. Luis had to think fast. He didn't have any trouble remembering who he was or where he'd come from. In fact, he knew exactly who he was, where he was, and who he was with. He just didn't know how the hell he'd arrived there. "I'm fine," he said, with a weak voice. "I was visiting relatives and decided to take a walk around the school. I'm from Tennessee and my school got out last week for the summer." This sounded weak, but plausible. And he knew when people heard things like this they rarely probed with more questions because they didn't want to get involved.

The nurse seemed to buy it; she smiled at him without questioning his age.

"You sure are dressed funny for a guy who's visiting relatives," Jase said.

Luis glanced down and saw he was still wearing the tuxedo slacks and a white shirt. He saw his tuxedo jacket resting over a chair in the nurse's office. He didn't know how to respond, so he shrugged his shoulders and said, "I packed lightly for the trip. There was a party last night."

The nurse looked at her watch and frowned. "Well, if everything is okay, you can both go home now. It's after four o'clock, you know." She seemed more interested in getting out of the school than worrying about a strange kid in a tuxedo who'd passed out in the auditorium.

Jase pulled Luis's jacket off the back of the chair and he handed it to him. "Here you go, buddy," he said, and then he turned toward the door and said goodbye to the nurse.

Luis put the jacket over his arm and said, "Thank you. I'm sorry if I was any bother."

The nurse was fishing around in her purse for her keys. She didn't even look up. "No bother, honey. You'll be fine. Now you go on home to your relatives and have a good night."

Luis smiled and looked at the calendar again. Without realizing it, he said, "1986? What the fuck?"

Thankfully, he spoke softly: a tone below a stage whisper. The nurse smiled and lifted her car keys out of her purse. "What was that? I didn't hear you."

Luis smiled and walked toward the door. "It was nothing important. I just said thanks again."

"Don't mention it," she said.

When Luis walked out into the long dark hallway, he looked left and then right. The walls were light gray and the tiles on the floor were a darker shade of gray. He wasn't sure which way to go. There was no one around to follow in either direction. At least if there had been a crowd he could have blended in. So he turned to the right and started walking very slowly. He was still a little dizzy and he remained close to the wall in case he lost his balance. When he reached the end of the hall, he looked to the left and saw the main entrance where the folding tables had been set up for the class reunion. He remembered this without any problems. The main entrance looked almost exactly the same as it had the last time he'd seen it. So he started walking in that direction, hoping the front entrance was still there.

The heels of his expensive black Prada half boots clicked and echoed all the way down the hall. As he approached the wall of glass shelves in the main lobby, he noticed the large photo of Jase wasn't there anymore. He turned and rubbed his jaw. He looked left and then right again. Two young women wearing tight jeans and short blouses burst through a set of double doors. They were carrying school books, walking close to each other. It took a minute for him to realize one of the girls was Betsy, the middle aged woman he'd met at Jase's reunion who had been handing out name tags.

The girls looked him up and down and started laughing. Luis felt like he'd just plunged right back into all the drama and deceit of his own high school days. The girls walked faster and gave him a few backward glances as they headed in the direction from where he'd just come. He smiled at them and turned toward the auditorium doors. Though he had no idea what was happening to him, he knew he had to get out of this tuxedo as fast as he could. He wished Jase had stayed there with him. He'd always been able to depend on Jase, and now Jase didn't even know who he was. He hadn't felt this alone since the first day he arrived in New York on his own.

Luis remembered someone at the reunion mention the school gym was connected to the auditorium. So he walked to the front of the dark auditorium and opened the first set of double doors he saw. This led him into a huge empty gymnasium, with a large polished basketball floor and folding bleachers on both sides that slid out from the walls. He looked both ways, and then turned left again. A sign over a single door read, "Men," and he figured that was the men's locker room. But as he pushed the door forward, it stopped short halfway because there was someone else on the other side.

Luis stepped to the side and said, "I'm sorry. I didn't see you coming." He felt naked, standing there in a disheveled Tuxedo.

An attractive young man with dark wavy hair and large brown eyes gazed at him and said, "It's cool, man. No problem." Then he continued walking out of the locker room, leaving Luis standing there in the middle of the doorway with his mouth wide open.

Luis watched the guy walk away until he couldn't see him anymore. The guy wore tight running shorts, a skimpy black tank top, and thick-soled running shoes. He had the sexiest, hairy legs Luis had ever seen on a man, and he walked on the balls of his feet as if he were ready to break into a graceful run at any moment. Luis recognized the guy from the photo Luis had seen at the reunion. It was Alec, the guy in the wheel chair who had rescued him from that hideous little dick Kyle creature at the reunion. But Alec didn't recognize Luis. He didn't even give him a second glance.

A moment later, Luis walked into the men's locker room and looked around. There didn't seem to be anyone in there, so he started opening and closing lockers, hoping to find something decent to wear. All he needed was a pair of jeans. He could still look normal with the white shirt and his black quarter boots. There had to be something in the locker room that would fit him. He hated stealing anything from anyone. But Luis had learned how to survive a long time ago, way before he'd met Jase and had a lucrative modeling career. And sometimes survival meant breaking a few rules. And he wasn't really stealing. He'd remember where he found the jeans and he'd pay the person back eventually.

But most of the lockers were sealed tightly. And those he could open were empty, except for a few stray jock straps. So he walked out of the rear exit of the locker room, into a small hallway that led to the coach's office, and spotted something interesting. At the end of the hall, he saw a large bin overflowing with clothes. A cardboard, handwritten sign above the bin read, "Clothing Donations for Annual Charity Drive."

Luis took a deep breath and jogged back to the clothing bin. But when he started rummaging through it, he found it was filled with mostly young women's clothes from the l980's. There wasn't a decent sweatshirt or denim jacket to be found. It was all frilly blouses, soft sweaters, and pants in every color of the rainbow. There were a few cute dresses that would have fit perfectly, but that would be worse than the tuxedo. He was about to give up and go back to the men's locker room to look around in there again when he came across the only pair of jeans in the bin. He pulled them out fast and held them up to his waist. The length was perfect. They were those acid dyed jeans that had been popular for about three days back in the l980's. Luis had only been a little kid back then, but he remembered his mother had a friend who wore jeans just like them, and she'd worn them well into the l990's long after they'd gone out of style. Unfortunately, these could have belonged to his mother's friend. They were women's jeans and they had a discount designer label inside Luis had never seen before.

But he didn't have many options that day, so he took the jeans back into the men's locker room and walked over to a bench. He removed his shoes first, and then his tuxedo slacks. Then he removed his white shirt without even realizing he didn't have to remove it. He was moving so fast he wasn't thinking straight. And he was so sorry he'd worn this underwear to the reunion. It was a bright red, see-through thong affair that rode up his ass. He'd worn them to the reunion because Jase had asked him to do it. While they were getting dressed for the reunion, Jase said he wanted Luis to wear the sexy red see-through thong because it turned him on knowing Luis would be walking around that way in front of all those people and only Jase would know it. Luis always catered to Jase's needs this way, so he put the thong on beneath his tuxedo and didn't give it a second thought.

A minute before Luis was about to put on the acid dyed women's jeans, the men's locker room door opened with a loud clank and Luis stood there frozen in place. A second after that, Jase loped into the locker room carrying a gym bag and he glanced in Luis's direction. When he saw Luis standing there, holding the jeans, wearing nothing but a see-through red thong, he gulped and said, "It's you again."

Luis shrugged. "Ah, I was just changing."

Jase nodded; he continued to stare at the red thong. His eyes went down and he stared at Luis's legs. "Well." Jase was wearing peg legged jeans and high top sneakers now. And a white sweat shirt with blue sports stripes down the shoulders and arms. Luis remembered how popular high top sneakers were back then. Even his favorite uncle had worn them for awhile. And now he knew why. Jase looked hot in them, so hot Luis had to look away so Jase wouldn't think he was staring at him in a lewd way.

Luis put on the jeans and pulled them up fast. When he buttoned them and pulled up the zipper he realized there were a little tight in the seat, but not too bad. "I don't usually wear underwear like this," he said. "It was kind of a joke, you know."

Jase's eyes were still wide open. His lips were still slightly parted. "I see," he said. But it was obvious he didn't see at all.

Luis put on his white shirt. While he buttoned it, he looked at Jase and said, "I heard you're the star quarterback. Everyone says you're very good and you're going to play football in college, too." He didn't want to say too much.

Jase squared his shoulders and smiled. "I guess I'm okay," he said. "I practice a lot." Then he frowned and said, "You were lying to the nurse, weren't you?"

Luis stopped moving. "Huh?"

"You were lying to her about staying with relatives," Jase said. "I could tell you were. She's an idiot. All she wanted to do was get you out of there so she could go home. But I had a feeling you were lying."

Luis looked down at his shoes. He figured he'd better tell someone the truth, or at least part of the truth. He wasn't sure what else to do. His head went up slowly and he looked into Jase's eyes. "You're right, I'm not visiting relatives. I ran away from home after graduation. I hitched to Alaska from a small town in Tennessee called Fletcher's Bluff. I don't have any relatives here at all." He figured this was plausible. And he couldn't tell Jase the complete truth. Jase would have thought he'd lost his mind. Running away from home was safe. Guys his age ran away all the time, especially gay men who weren't sure how to fit into their bible belt small towns. But Luis decided not to mention anything about being gay, at least not yet. Besides, why would a gay kid run away to Alaska? Gay kids run to New York or Los Angeles or Chicago, not the middle of nowhere.

"What are you going to do?" Jase asked.

Luis sat down to put his boots on. Thanks to Prada's excellent timeless designs, the boots were classic and didn't look out of style at all. "I'm not sure yet. I figured I'd get a summer job when I got to Alaska. I wanted to travel around for a while."

Jase furrowed his eyebrows. "That's not very safe, especially for someone like you."

Luis sent him a blank stare. "What do you mean someone like me?"

"You don't look very tough," Jase said. "No offense, bud. You look kind of delicate and breakable. If I saw you walking down the street I wouldn't think of you as a renegade."

"I know how to take care of myself," Luis said. He flung Jase a sharp glance. "I'm not that delicate either." This was the truth. Luis had always been resourceful in desperate situations and he'd always survived well. He'd been kicked out of the house after he'd graduated from high school. He'd moved in with a country doctor for a short time, hoping to build a life there. And when this didn't work out, he went to New York with no money and he'd been okay. And if he could do all that before he was thirty years old, he could certainly get by in Alaska now.

Jase laughed, almost right in Luis's face. "I guess you're not that delicate."

"Well, I'm not. I know how to get by."

"It's getting late," Jase said. "I was supposed to be home an hour ago. My mom's going to kill me."

Luis smiled. He knew Mary would be worried about Jase. "Then you'd better go home," he said.

"What are you going to do tonight?" Jase asked.

Luis pulled his wallet out of his tuxedo slacks and looked inside. He had about four hundred dollars in cash and four major credit cars. But it was new cash, with watermarks he knew no one would accept in the year 1986. And the credit cards wouldn't work either, especially his new black card he adored. He wasn't even sure they had platinum American Express cards in l986. "I'll be okay," Luis said. "Thanks for asking."

Jase said, "See you later, then." But as he turned to leave, he stopped and took a deep breath. "I feel funny leaving you here. I'm not sure why either. You seem kind of helpless and pathetic to me."

Luis smiled. He was hoping Jase would react this way. But he didn't want to be obvious about it. From what he knew about Jase in l986, he wasn't even open to the possibility of being gay. "I'll be okay."

Jase exhaled and ran his fingers through his long sandy blond hair. "I guess you could come home with me. Maybe my grandfather can get you a job until you figure out what you're doing."

Luis looked at him sideways. "You'd do that for me?" He felt a sting in his eyes. But he didn't dare cry in front of Jase. "You don't even know me."

Jase didn't look at him. He shrugged and said, "You look kind of lost and harmless."

Luis stood up and straightened out his shirt. "If it's no trouble, I guess I could go home with you. But I don't want anything for free. I want to work for my keep for as long as I'm there."

Jase shook his head and laughed. "C'mon, Cinderella. I'll get you a bucket and mop. Let's go before my mom calls the cops and they put out an all points bulletin on me. She's a little neurotic that way. I'm an only child."

Luis walked a pace behind Jase all the way out to the parking lot. He followed him to the large shiny two door car that had been customized so everything would be black, even the wheels. It took a moment for Luis to realize Jase's car was a l986 Buick Grand National. He gazed at the car, threw his arms in the air, and started bouncing up and down. "I can't believe you have a freaking Grand National. How cool is that? Seriously. I haven't seen one in years." It was the ultimate muscle car of all time and Luis had always wanted one himself.

But Jase looked at Luis and jerked his head. "You haven't seen one in years. I just got this car a month ago. It was a graduation present and I paid for half of it myself by working at my dad's store. They only started making them a short time ago."

Luis stopped jumping and lowered his voice. "I'm sorry. I meant I haven't seen one like it before in a while. My uncle has the only one for miles where I come from in Tennessee. Most people drive pick up trucks where I come from." Luis's uncle had once owned a Buick Grand National in 1986. He had a pick up truck, too, and only drove the Grand National on special occasions. His uncle had been gay, and had died of AIDS complications by the time Luis had first met Jase in New York. Some of Luis's best childhood memories were spent riding in the Grand National with his uncle.

Jase laughed. He scratched his balls with an unconscious swipe of his hand. "Most people drive pick up trucks around here, too

. I worked fucking hard to get it.

Luis smiled at him. "I admire that. Not many people are willing to work that hard for something they want."

Then Jase pulled a pack of cigarettes out of his pants and lit up in front of Luis. He extended the pack and asked, "Want one?"

Luis made a face. "No thank you, I don't smoke. And you shouldn't be smoking either. It's bad for your health." In Luis's real life, Jase had quit smoking long before he'd met Luis. But Luis caught him smoking on the sly every now and then. Luis started to wonder if he could get the young version of Jase to quit smoking before it did any damage to him.

But Jase inhaled deeply and said, "I'm a big boy. I know what I'm doing."

"Go ahead," Luis said. "Kill yourself. See if I care."

"Dude," Jase said. "It's none of your business. I don't even know you. I get enough of that from the fucking surgeon general. This is America. It's supposed to be a free country."

"It's also an expensive, disgusting habit," Luis said. He folded his arms across his chest and looked the other way.

"I paid less than a buck for these," Jase said.

Luis forgot all about how cheap cigarettes used to be, before the government started adding on all those taxes and extra charges. "I meant it adds up. Besides, it's still bad for you. You should put it out right now before you get hooked. Someday you might have a kid and you'll want to be around for him for a long time. But what do I know?"

Jase laughed and blew a stream of smoke in Luis's face. "You're not my mom. And I doubt I'll ever have kids."

"Then smoke," Luis said. "See if I care." The young version of Jase could be as stubborn as middle aged Jase.

Jase shrugged and walked around to the driver's side. "Get in," he said. "I don't live that far from here. But I drive fast." Then he took another drag and flicked the cigarette into the parking lot before he finished it.

Luis gulped. Jase was a litterbug, too. Then he wondered if the younger version of Jase was a better driver than middle aged Jase. As an adult, Jase was probably one of the worst drivers Luis had ever met. He either went too fast or too slow. He didn't stop when he was supposed to stop and he never navigated turns correctly. He'd recently backed into a fire hydrant pulling out of a parking space near their town house on the Upper West Side. He sent the entire block into a tailspin for a full day. But Luis didn't have much of a choice. It was either get into the Grand National and buckle his seat belt or spend the night on a bench outside Jase's high school.

And he couldn't wait to go back to Jase's house and see Mary, Isabelle, and Barry.

Chapter Four

"My mom and dad are leaving for a cruise tomorrow," Jase said. He'd just pulled up to the front of the house where he'd grown up, the same house Luis would come to know and love almost twenty-five years into the future. "But my gram and gramps live here, too. So they'll be around. They never leave. Gramps still works full time and never takes vacations. He thinks vacations are for weak people and are a waste of time."

Luis was still holding on to the bottom of his seat as tightly as he could. He thought it was cute the way Jase referred his Mary and Barry as his "mom and dad." But he was too nervous to open his mouth to speak. He'd never been on a ride like that in his life. The minute they pulled out of the school parking lot, Jase hit the gas and sped all the way home. Luis was amazed they hadn't flipped over on that one severe curve just outside of town. But he didn't say anything. He took a deep breath and smiled.

"And I think we should come up with something better than telling them you ran away from Tennessee," Jase said, as he pulled the key out of the ignition. "If my mom and gram find out you ran away from home, they'll never stop asking questions." He smiled and punched Luis in the arm. "You know how women can be, man."

Luis sent him a half smile. Evidently, Jase couldn't tell he was gay. He was speaking to Luis as if speaking to one of his straight buddies. "What should I say?"

"Let's tell them you graduated from high school and decided to spend the summer bumming around Alaska," Jase said. "And that's not totally a lie either. I'll tell them I met you at the school where you were looking for temporary work, and then I'll ask my gramps if he can give you a job doing something."

Luis smiled when he referred to his grandfather as "gramps." He nodded and said, "Sounds good to me. And it's not really a lie. I am looking for work and I am traveling around Alaska." He didn't want to lie to the people he would one day love and respect in the future, even though they had no idea who he was yet and that he did, indeed, love them. But he couldn't tell them the truth either. They'd send him to a mental hospital.

"I guess you'll have to stay here until you figure out what you're going to do," Jase said, staring down at his lap.

"I appreciate that," Luis said. Then he turned and faced Jase. He knew Jase could have left him alone and gone home without him. Most young guys Jase's age would have left a stranger alone. "I'm curious about something. Why are you helping me this way?"

Jase looked at him and shrugged. "I kind of feel sorry for you, is all. You seem like a decent guy, but kind of helpless, too. And for some strange reason I feel like I know you somehow. I know I don't. I know we've never met. It's weird."

Luis smiled. "I feel the same way about you, Jase. Thank you. I'll do my best to pay you back for all your help. I won't forget it, ever."

Jase opened the car door and said, "No need to worry. You're starting to sound like my mom. C'mon, let's go inside and get this over with fast. My folks are pretty cool about me bringing friends around. I'm an only child, so they like it when I bring friends home. They like to get to know my friends."

Luis glanced at the front of the house. Parked outside, right in front of where Jase had just parked his Grand National, was the same Jeep Wagoneer the Nicholas family had owned for years. Though it was newer and shinier now, it was the same car they would one day keep parked in town to get them around whenever they went in by boat. And the house hadn't changed much either. It was still the same old massive rambling shingle style house with a thick stone foundation all the way around and bright white trim. A warm feeling passed through Luis, as if he'd come home again. But he couldn't mention this to Jase. He smiled and said, "Nice place."

As Jase loped to the front door, Luis followed at a slow, distant pace. When Jase opened the door, two large standard poodles came running through the hall and jumped all over him on the front porch. Jase turned to Luis and said, "This is Millie and Mollie. They're very friendly and they love people. Don't be afraid of them. They're big but harmless."

Luis smiled. He'd heard about Millie and Mollie many times from Isabelle. Millie and Mollie looked like they could have been sisters to the future Nicholas family dog, Sweetie-Pie. They had as much energy and their tails wagged as fast. And when they spotted Luis standing at the bottom of the front steps, they left Jase and ran over to see who this stranger was.

They jumped all over Luis and licked his face. Luis laughed and tried to pet each one of them at the same time. "They really are friendly," he said. "Even friendlier than Sweetie-Pie." Sweetie-Pie could be moody at times.

"Who's Sweetie-Pie?"

Luis gulped. Of course Jase wouldn't know Sweetie-Pie. She wouldn't be around until the beginning of the next century. He wanted to kick himself. "It's a dog I know from back home where I come from." Good thing Luis hadn't mentioned Camp, their little bald Chinese crested.

"I'm sorry they're jumping all over you," Jase said. "They can be a little too lively sometimes." He clapped his hands and told them to stop jumping. But they wouldn't listen.

Luis wiped his lips because Mollie had licked his face ... or was it Millie ... and then he climbed up the steps to join Jase. "Don't be sorry. I love animals. They're great."

The front door was wide open and a familiar voice from the other end of the center hall rang out. "Is that you, Jase? I'm in the kitchen getting a few things ready for the trip tomorrow. I want to make sure your father has all his vitamins."

Luis recognized Mary's voice. He'd know it anywhere. He felt a thump in his chest and he wasn't sure how to react when he saw her. He also knew no matter how many vitamins Mary packed for Barry or how many healthy foods she forced him to eat, he'd still die young.

"Yeah, mom," Jase said. "It's me. I brought a friend home." Then he turned to Luis and motioned with his head for Luis to follow him back to the kitchen.

The inside of the house had changed quite a bit. There were still exquisite antiques Luis had always admired. But the walls were pale blue, the hardwood floors were darker, and the furniture was upholstered in pastel shades of green, blue, and mauve. Luis remembered all these colors from the l980's. His mother's entire living room had been tacky shades pink and blue. But instead of being repulsed by all these pastel shades, a warm feeling of comfort passed through Luis's entire body and he felt like hugging someone.

He followed Jase into the kitchen, where Mary was packing pill bottles into a small expensive designer overnight bag. This was the kitchen before Mary's huge remodel in 2005, with white cabinets, a shiny gray linoleum floor, and fake marble Formica countertops. Luis pressed his palm to his throat and gaped at the small TV on the counter next to an old fashioned Mr. Coffee Maker. The TV had knobs and dials and two rabbit ear antennas sticking out of the back. He hadn't seen a TV like this since he'd been a kid. And when he glanced at the telephone hanging on the wall above the TV, he almost laughed out loud. He hadn't seen a phone so large in years. He hadn't seen a phone hanging on a wall in years either.

Mary turned and faced them both. When she looked at Luis, he felt a tug in his heart. She had always worn her brown hair straight and all one length. It was a little longer in 1986; it fell below her shoulders in this time. With the exception of a few little wrinkles, Mary's face still looked the same as it would twenty-five years from now, and she was as svelte in l986 as she would be in the next century. Luis reached out with both arms, crossed to where she was standing, and hugged her. "It's so good to see you. You look wonderful."

He'd forgotten she didn't have a clue as to who he was. Mary hugged him, but she sent Jase a look and Jase shrugged his shoulders. "It's nice to meet you, too, honey," Mary said, as if amazed at his friendly tone.

Jase must have noticed the surprise in her voice. He jumped in and said, "This is Luis. He's a new friend of mine. We got to know each other at school. He's from Tennessee and he just graduated from high school. He's traveling around Alaska this summer and he'd looking for work. I said he could stay here for a while and bunk with me. Maybe gramps could get him some kind of temporary summer job."

Luis regained his composure and he stepped back. He smiled at Mary and said, "I hope it's no trouble, Mrs. Nicholas. If it is, I can find somewhere else to stay. I don't want to impose."

Mary looked at Jase and then at Luis. At first, she didn't know what to say. It was evident he'd caught her by surprise. But being the gracious woman she'd always been, she eventually shrugged and said, "It's no trouble at all, sweetheart. And if you're a friend of Jase's, you're more than welcome to stay here as long as you like. Just make sure Jase doesn't lock you up in his bedroom."

Luis jerked his head.

Jase said, "Mom."

"I'm sorry," Mary said. She laughed and turned to Luis. "Jase is an only child and he's always wanted brothers and sisters. When he gets a friend here, he tends to hold on to them too hard."

Luis reached out and hugged her again. He couldn't contain his emotions. "Oh, thank you for letting me stay here. I can't thank you enough. And I want to work for my keep. I want to start working as soon as I can."

Before Mary could reply, the back door flew open and Barry Nicholas walked inside. He set a large rectangular box on the kitchen table and glanced at Luis. When Luis turned and saw Barry standing in the doorway, he felt a sting in his eye and he couldn't control his emotions. Just to see Barry standing there, healthy and alive, was almost more than Luis could handle. He pressed both hands to his chest and said, "Oh, it's so good to see you. You have no idea."

Barry blinked and sent Luis a look. "Well, it's good to see you, too, son." Then he exchanged a confused glance with Mary and they both shrugged.

Jase said, "Dad, this is a friend of mine, Luis." He explained where Luis was from again and why he was there.

Barry said, "Well, I'm sure my father can find some kind of summer work for you. And you're welcome to stay here as long as you wish." He smiled at Mary.

"Oh, thank you, Mr. Nicholas," Luis said. "I really appreciate this. I'll pay you back. I promise." Luis knew he had to consciously make an effort to tone down his emotions. He had a feeling he was starting to sound like Anne of Green Gables.

Barry shrugged him off and turned to the box on the kitchen table. He ripped it open and pulled out a large machine that reminded Luis of a stereo receiver.

"What is that contraption?" Mary asked. She crossed to the kitchen table to get a better look at it. "I swear, Barry, if that's another contraption I can't figure out how to work I'm going to kill you."

Jase smiled. He rocked on the balls of his feet. "Is it what I think it is, dad?"

Barry laughed and glanced at his son. "I finally got one. It's a brand new video machine. Now we can record our own home movies, we can watch any movie we want, and we can do it in the comfort of our own family room." He beamed with pride; his face lit up all over. "Everyone, take a look at the future."

Luis laughed and covered his mouth. "I can't believe you bought a video player. That's so cool."

While Luis examined the machine, he knew they were all watching him. But he couldn't help himself. Barry had always been the last in line when it came to any technology. This was big for him and the family. Luis felt so filled with joy at that moment, standing there with all these people who would one day be his family, he began to feel light-headed.

Then another familiar voice came from the center hall and Luis turned fast. "Where the hell is everyone," Isabelle said. "I've got bags in the car and they need to be brought into the house."

Mary turned to Jase. "Why don't you two boys go out and help gram with the grocery bags. And then you can go upstairs and wash up for dinner. We're eating a little earlier tonight because we're leaving at five in the morning for the airport."

"Sure, mom," Jase said.

Luis followed him back to the front door, where Isabelle was waiting. When Luis saw her, he gasped. Twenty five years younger, she reminded Luis even more of an old drag queen from Alaska. Luis almost fell sideways when he saw she was wearing a hot pink sweat suit and her puffy blonde hair was teased and permed like Rose Marie from the old Dick Van Dyke Show. She wore the same bright red lipstick and heavy pancake make up she would one day wear in the future. Only she wasn't wearing running shoes. She wore tiny little high heels, in hot pink to match the sweat suit. Isabelle in her early seventies looked almost exactly like Isabelle would look in her nineties. And she was cursing more than ever.

"Where the hell is everyone, goddamn it?" she asked. "An old woman comes home from the grocery store and she needs a little help with all this shit and there's no one around." She turned and planted her gaze on Luis. She pressed her index finger to her lips and furrowed her eyebrows ... eyebrows that had been applied heavily with a brown eyebrow pencil. "Who the hell is he?"

Jase hugged his grandmother and said, "This is a buddy of mine, Luis. He's from Tennessee and he's checking out Alaska for the summer. He's going to stay here for a while until he finds a place. Mom and dad said it was okay. I was hoping gramp could help him get a summer job."

Isabelle walked over to get a better look at Luis. She set her hands on her hips. She looked him up and down. "I'm the grandmother. You can call me Isabelle." She extended her hand.

Luis took her hand in both of his and leaned forward. He almost curtsied. "It's so good to see you. You look wonderful." The words gushed out of him, with exaggerated syllables.

Isabelle's eyebrows went up and she and Jase exchanged a quick glance. "He's an emotional little bird, isn't he?"

Jase said, "Ah well."

"I'm sorry," Luis said. "It's so nice meeting you. I never expected I'd meet such great people in Alaska." He definitely had to tone it down a little, especially with Isabelle.

Isabelle looked him up and down again. She winked at Jase and said, "He's a cute little sonofabitch, too. His face is pretty enough to be a girl's. Would you look at that perfect nose and perfectly smooth skin."

"Gram," Jase shouted.

Isabelle smiled at Luis and winked, as if they were both privy to the same joke no one else knew about. "What did I say? It was a compliment."

Jase frowned and turned toward Luis. "You have to excuse my grandmother. She's a little bold sometimes."

Luis winked at Isabelle. "It's fine. No need to apologize. I like honest people. And I did take it as a compliment."

Isabelle stepped to the side and said, "You boys go get the bags. And be careful with my new Lincoln. I don't want any goddamn scratches on it."

Jase rolled his eyes.

Luis looked over Jase's shoulder at the brand new l986 Lincoln in the driveway. It was the same car Isabelle would be driving twenty-five years later. It was the same car Luis would drive when he went to cookery classes with Isabelle twenty-five years from now. "We'll be very careful," he said. "That's a great car."

After Luis and Jase helped Isabelle carry the grocery bags into the kitchen, Mary sent them upstairs to wash up for dinner. She kept calling them "boys" and Luis thought that was adorable. Jase led Luis to the same second floor bedroom he'd had in that house all his life. Only in the future Luis would know this room as modern and upscale, with electronic window treatments that blocked out the strong Alaskan daylight and expensive mahogany paneling. But Jase's bedroom in l986 looked like the bedroom of any eighteen year old high school senior. There were trophies on shelves in a wall unit that consisted of a desk and file cabinets. There was a queen sized bed with a star wars comforter that looked as if it hadn't been made up in weeks. The furniture was a mix of maple and pine and the floor was littered with shoes, clothes and books. The rug was bright orange shag. Along one wall, there was a huge stereo system, complete with cassette deck and turn table.

Jase gestured to a door next to the closet and said, "Feel free to use the bathroom. I can wait."

"Where will I be staying?" Luis asked. He didn't want to be presumptuous.

Jase shrugged. "I guess you'll be bunking in here with me, buddy. That's how it usually works whenever one of my buddies sleeps over. Is that okay?"

Luis turned fast. He smiled. "Yes, that's fine. I just wasn't sure. Like I said, I don't want to be a bother. I feel a little awkward about everything. Everything has happened so fast." The idea of bunking with an eighteen year old version of Jase made his heart beat faster. The smells of Jase, with his clothes strewn all over the bedroom, made Luis want to fall into bed naked and spread his legs. But he knew he had to play it cool. Jase didn't even know he was gay. It would take years before Jase would accept being gay. He'd once mentioned to Luis he'd had feelings toward men but he'd always ignored them. And even if Jase suspected he was gay in l986, he never would have admitted it to anyone, especially not a complete stranger ... a runaway ... he'd just met that day.

Jase smiled. He walked over and punched Luis in the arm. "You seem like a decent guy. You'll figure out what you want and what you're going to do."

Before he went into the bathroom to wash up, Luis sent Jase a backward glance and said, "Thanks again. I mean it."

Jase was staring at a record. He didn't even look up. "Don't worry about it, buddy. It's not like I could leave you stranded out in the cold. We'll figure something out."

When they went downstairs for dinner, Isabelle and Mary were still in the kitchen and Barry was in the dining room with Judah Nicholas, Jase's grandfather. Judah was the only member of the family Luis had never met. He'd been long dead by the time Luis and Jase met each other in New York. So Luis followed Jase into the dining room and waited to be introduced.

"Hey, gramp," Jase said. "I brought a buddy of mine home."

Luis observed Judah's expression lit up the moment Jase walked into the room. He must have been talking about something serious with Barry. But the moment he saw Jase the corner of his lips turned up as far as they would go. "Hey, kiddo," Judah said, "I've been hearing about your friend since I came home from work."

Luis moved forward so Jase could introduce him. Luis had a lump in his throat and he wasn't sure what to say or do. From everything he'd heard, Judah could be a formidable man at best.

"This is Luis, gramp," Jase said. Then he told his grandfather all about Luis and why he was staying there for a while. "If you can get him a job, it would be fantastic. The kid really wants to make some money this summer."

Luis reached out to shake Judah's hand. He didn't hug him and he didn't get emotional this time. "I'm willing to do anything, Mr. Nicholas. I'm not afraid to roll up my sleeves and work. I don't care what it is. Seriously."

Judah glanced directly into Luis's eyes and said, "I like that. And you're more than welcome to stay here. Any friend of my grandson is a friend of the family. I think I can come up with something to tide you over for the summer. If you need it, I can also give you an advance to tide you over until you get paid." He turned to Jase. "I like the way he says 'seriously.' He seems like a decent kid."

The old man had a penetrating stare. He was tall and looked like a combination of Jase and Barry, with strong angular features and flecks of silver in his sandy blond hair. It was the same stare Luis had come to know from the portrait of Judah over the fireplace in the living room. Meeting Judah Nicholas in person, after hearing so many stories about him, was a lot like meeting a famous historical figure. Luis wouldn't have been more impressed if George Washington walked into the dining room and joined them for dinner that night.

"Thank you, Mr. Nicholas, "I won't let you down."

Barry walked to a small bar next to the buffet and asked, "Would you like a drink, dad?"

He was talking to Judah, but Luis wasn't paying attention. He was too busy trying to keep his hands from shaking. So the minute he heard Barry offer to make drinks, he lifted his head and said, "I'll have a vodka, with ice, and a splash of water." Though Luis didn't drink often, he could have used one that night.

They all turned and gaped at him. Jase started laughing and said, "Luis has a good sense of humor. He's always joking around."

Barry and Judah exchanged glances; Barry let out a nervous laugh.

Luis said, "I'm sorry. I wasn't really serious. I thought you'd get the joke. I'll have a bottle of water. Seriously." In the future, Luis only drank bottled water that came from Jase's company.

Barry shot Luis a look. "Bottled what?"

Judah said, "I love the way he says 'seriously' all the time."

Luis forgot that even though bottled water was around in l986, it was still considered pretentious and a little silly with most people. The idea of paying for water seemed more than ridiculous. And this was long before Jase had become a billionaire bottling his own Alaskan spring water. So he quickly corrected himself and said, "I'll just have a glass of iced water, please." But he made a mental note to pour a little vodka into it when no one was looking.

During dinner, they talked about Mary and Barry's cruise. Isabelle made a few snarky comments about the new designer luggage Mary bought and Barry defended his wife. But it was all harmless, and Luis could see the family dynamics were built around love; just as they'd always been. And even though he was a stranger to all of them, he felt right at home and loved them all more than he thought was imaginable. It was a feeling that was almost impossible to describe. He hadn't been filled with this much love for family since he'd rekindled his relationship with his identical twin brother, Gage.

Of course Luis had a little too much fun with Isabelle. She sat next to him and kept filling his plate with food. And Luis had managed to spike his water with vodka when no one was looking. "We'll get a little meat on those bones," Isabelle said. "You're cute, but you're a skinny little thing."

Luis accepted everything she gave him and he put aside his strict eating habits to appease her. He laughed at all of her dirty jokes and almost choked on his meat when she called the woman who worked in produce at the grocery store a sneaky "chickenfucker."

When they started asking questions about Luis's past and where he was from, he told them the truth. In fact, he laughed about the small town in Tennessee where he'd grown up and said, "It's so small you can't even google it."

When he said this, they all looked at each other as if he'd lost his mind.

"Google it?" Barry asked. He held his fork in mid-air and gaped at Luis.

Isabelle smiled and said, "That sounds dirty to me."

Luis froze. He didn't know what to do. No one in l986 could have predicted the Internet and how people would come to depend on it. And Isabelle was right. It did sound dirty. So he cleared his throat and said, "It's an old southern expression we use back home. It means you can't even find it on the map."

After dinner, Barry set up the video machine in the family room and Jase and his grandfather played a few games of chess. They watched part of a movie and the first half of the eleven o'clock news . Luis listened quietly while the anchorman on TV spoke about AIDS and how this mysterious, dreaded disease was killing thousands of "homosexual" men. He clenched his fists when he heard it mentioned there was no cure and no one knew what to do. No one said a word. And when the AIDS story was over and a piece about Nancy Reagan came on, Isabelle groaned out loud, stood up, and said, "I've heard and seen enough. I'll have nightmares if I have to look at her before I go to bed. I'm going upstairs now." She slapped her thigh and Millie and Mollie got up fast.

"We are, too," Mary said. She poked Barry in the arm. "We have to get up at five. We should have gone to bed an hour ago."

Before Barry and Mary went upstairs, everyone hugged them and wished them well on their trip. They'd hired a car to pick them up in the morning and no one would see them again until they returned three weeks later. Luis wasn't sure if he'd ever see them again in l986; he wasn't sure how long he'd be stuck in the past. So he gave them both an extra hug and thanked them for being so kind. Before Barry went upstairs, Luis grabbed his hand and squeezed it hard. "You're a good man. I just want you to know that."

Barry seemed dumbfounded by such an outpouring of emotion. He didn't know how to reply at first. He stared at Luis for a moment, then said, "You are a strange guy sometimes. But thank you. I appreciate it."

Isabelle turned off a light in the family room and asked Jase, "Do you two boys need any extra towels. I'll get them for you."

Jase kissed her goodnight and said, "No thanks, gram. We're good."

As Judah turned to leave, he patted Luis on the back and said, "I'll get something lined up for you by tomorrow morning, young man. I hate to see someone so eager to work stand around doing nothing. I've always said a good work ethic is what makes a man. I'm in my seventies and I go to work every day."

Isabelle rolled her eyes. "You also once said we'd never make it to the moon and you were wrong about that."

Judah smiled and gave Isabelle a gentle pat on the rear end. "Get upstairs, woman. Or I'll have to give you a good spanking." He winked at Luis.

Isabelle moved her eyebrows up and down. As she turned to leave, she said, "Promises, promises. You haven't given me a good spanking in ages."

Luis couldn't stop smiling. He thought the relationship between Isabelle and Judah was adorable. It was everything Isabelle had told him it was, right down to the way they often used naughty sexual innuendos. He could see how much they loved each other. And it pulled at his heart when he thought about how lonely Isabelle would be in the future without Judah.

When they were gone, Jase took a quick breath. "Sorry about that. I guess they can't help themselves. They're like that all the time. It's kind of embarrassing."

"Don't be silly," Luis said. "I think they're wonderful. I wish I had grandparents like them. Mine died long before I was born. I never knew any of them."

"That sucks," Jase said. "I guess I am lucky." He turned toward the hallway and scratched his balls. "Let's hit the sheets. I'm tired, man. I hope you don't mind snoring. Because I snore like a fucking bulldog."

Luis was used to Jase's snoring by then. It didn't bother him. It made him feel comfortable and at ease. He smiled and said, "I don't mind. I hope you don't mind I sleep in the nude. I can't stand to wear anything to bed."

Jase looked at him and gulped. "You can borrow a pair of my sweats."

Luis shrugged. "I can't sleep in clothes. If it's a problem, I'll sleep on the floor. I don't mind."

Jase took a deep breath and said, "No. It's okay, man. Once I'm sleeping, I'm out for good."

Luis knew this was true about Jase. But he also knew the older version of Jase couldn't resist Luis's naked ass no matter how tired he was. And Luis was dying to find out whether or not the eighteen year old version of Jase would react the same way.

Chapter Five

While Jase took Millie and Mollie out one last time for the night, Luis went up to Jase's bedroom to figure out whether or not he'd try to seduce Jase. On the one hand, Jase was over eighteen years old and they would one day be married. Luis was dying to get into Jase's pants. On the other hand, Jase was still in the closet in 1986, didn't know who or what he was, and wouldn't come to terms with being gay for years to come. Luis didn't want to change the future and he didn't want to trick Jase into doing anything he wasn't ready for yet. But he couldn't quiet the urge deep in his heart that was dying to take Jase's virginity all over again. In the future, Luis would be the first man Jase had sex with. Luis would be Jase's introduction into gay life.

But Luis decided he had to keep it real. He had to be ethical about this situation. He couldn't take advantage of Jase's innocence, nor could he force Jase into doing something he wasn't ready for ... even if he was meant to be gay. And to keep it real, if anything was going to happen between them, Jase had to be the one who seduced Luis first. And if Jase didn't make the first move, Luis would leave it alone. Besides, Luis was starting to worry about whether or not he'd ever get back to his real life. He was starting to miss the older Jase he knew and loved, his husband until death did them part, the man he loved more as each day passed.

Luis was in the bathroom brushing his teeth when Jase pounded into the bedroom. Luis was still wearing his clothes and he wanted to ask for permission before he took a shower. Luis took showers two and three times a day. Evidently, the younger version of Jase only took one shower in the morning like the older version, because when Luis walked out of the bathroom he found Jase sitting on the edge of the bed removing his shoes.

"Do you mind if I take a quick shower before bed?" Luis asked. He liked being clean. He wanted to smell like soap when he climbed into bed with Jase. He knew how much Jase loved it when he smelled good.

Jase tossed his shoes on top of a pile of dirty clothes and shrugged. "You don't have to ask. There should be clean towels in there somewhere. Just go use it and do whatever you need to do."

Luis glanced at the pile of unwashed clothes and frowned. It must have been a week's worth of worn sweat socks and underwear. He wasn't sure whether to gag or fall down and bury his face in Jase's used jock straps. Luis had always been the extreme perfectionist when it came to keeping a clean house, but he also liked sweaty jock straps, too. "I opened that new tooth brush in the bathroom. I hope it's okay. I'll buy another one."

Jase must have seen him looking at the dirty clothes strewn all over the floor. He took on a defensive tone and ignored the tooth brush. "I get to the laundry about once every two weeks. My mom and gram are trying to teach me how to do my own laundry and I figure it's best to let it all pile up and do it at one time."

Luis smiled. The entire room smelled like a college locker room, but it didn't offend Luis. Jase never liked to do laundry. In their future, if Luis didn't do the laundry Jase would just as soon throw out his underwear and socks and buy new ones. "I'll help you out if you want," he said. "I don't mind doing laundry. Actually, I kind of like doing it."

Jase yawned and stretched his arms up above his head. "Have a blast. The washer and dryer are in the basement. Do you mind if I watch a little TV before we turn in."

Luis turned back toward the bathroom. "No problem. I like to watch TV at night myself." He had a feeling the viewing choices were limited. He wasn't even sure if they had cable in Alaska in 1986.

After Luis took a quick shower, he dried off and styled his hair. He knew what he was about to do was bold. But he'd already warned Jase he liked to sleep in the nude. He wiped up the shower and sink, and then he placed the wet towel neatly over the towel bar. He made sure the bathroom was in perfect order; he even rearranged the soap dish and toothbrush holder. Before he ventured into the bedroom in the nude, he looked into the full length mirror and took a deep breath. He'd eaten a lot more than he usually ate and he was hoping Jase wouldn't think he looked fat. But Luis always felt this way, even though he was about ten pounds underweight.

When he went back to the bedroom, Jase was already stretched out in bed. He was on his back, on top of the covers, wearing gray sweat pants and no shirt. He still had on his sweat socks and his feet were crossed. Luis glanced quickly at Jase's lean young torso. His chest muscles were naturally defined and his stomach muscles trailed down to his groin. Though Jase's hot body wouldn't change too much in the future, it was tighter and slightly leaner now. But Luis didn't look at Jase for longer than a second or two. He was afraid if he did his true feelings would be too obvious.

The sun had finally gone down. Luis loved the long sunny days in Alaska, but he embraced the darkness that night. There was only a dim lamp shaped like a wagon wheel on a table next to the bed. The rest of the light came from the bluish gray glare of television screen. It was the right amount of light for Jase to see every inch of Luis's naked body. But it was still subtle enough for Luis to feel comfortable. If Jase was surprised to see him naked, he didn't let on about it. He acted as if Luis were just another guy walking around the men's locker room.

So Luis carried his clothes to a chair near the end of the bed and set them down carefully so they wouldn't wrinkle. When he did this, he turned his back to Jase and bent over slightly. He knew Jase would get the best view of his ass this way. He even spread his legs a little and arched his back in a way that wasn't too obvious. And he lingered in this position far longer than he should have, arranging his clothes in just the right way. The hardest part of all this for Luis was to concentrate on not getting an erection. He knew if he did it might freak Jase out.

When his clothes were neatly arranged and he knew Jase had seen plenty, he stood up and slowly walked back to the bathroom.

"Where you going?" Jase asked.

Luis stopped and sent Jase a glance over his shoulder. "I wanted to get a glass of water. Would you like something?" He wanted Jase to watch him walk around naked. He couldn't have cared less about the glass of water.

Jase pretended he was watching a late night talk show on TV. He didn't look up once while Luis spoke to him. All he said was, "Nope, I'm good."

By the time Luis returned, Jase was under the covers. So was his right arm. He was holding a small, uncomplicated TV remote in his left hand. It sounded like David Letterman was on TV, but Luis didn't look. Luis wondered if Jase had an erection. He tried to see if he was stroking anything under the covers, but it was too hard to see in the dim light. He walked to the left side of the bed and pulled back the covers just enough to crawl under them without disturbing Jase's side of the bed. But when he turned to set down the glass of water and realized there wasn't a night stand on his side of the bed he wasn't sure what to do.

He glanced down at Jase. He was either watching TV or pretending to watch. He heard David Letterman introduce Larry Bud Mellman and then a round of canned laughter. When Larry Bud walked onto the stage, Jase started to laugh. He didn't seem to be paying any attention to Luis at all. Luis couldn't put a full glass of water down on the floor. The only viable place to set the glass of water down was on the night stand on Jase's side of the bed. So he climbed up on the bed without asking Jase first. Then he leaned over Jase's waist, arched his back, and said, "I want to put this on the table."

Jase stopped laughing and went dead still. He didn't say a word. He pulled his arms back as if he were terrified of touching any part of Luis's body. Luis took his time setting the glass of water down, too. His ass was only a few inches from Jase's face. He thought about faking a fall and winding up on Jase's lap but decided it would be too aggressive and Jase might kick him out of bed. It was hard to tell how a so-called straight guy who was fighting strong gay tendencies would react in situations like this.

When Luis crawled back to his side of the bed, he decided not to get under the covers. He turned around and went down on his stomach. He positioned his hips a little to the side so his ass would face Jase. Then he rested his head against the pillow and faced the wall. When he did this, the room became dead silent. If Larry Bud Mellman hadn't been speaking on TV, the only sounds in the room would have been Jase and Luis breathing.

A few minutes later, Jase yawned and stretched out his legs. He cleared his throat a few times, and then said, "You ever jack with other dudes?"

Luis opened his eyes. Of all the things he could have predicted, this was the least of them. "What do you mean?" He reached back, without looking over at Jase, and ran his hand up and down his thigh very slowly. He did this in an innocent way, as if he were scratching an itch. But he made sure he ran his hand across his ass a few times.

"I have a buddy who jacks off with his friends all the time," Jase said. "I've never done it. But I don't think it's gay. Do you? It's guys having fun."

Luis smiled. He wasn't sure if this was considered gay or not. He didn't care. But he couldn't deny jacking off with the young jock version of Jase didn't excite him. "I guess it's not gay as long as the guys don't touch each other. I've even heard of guys having circle jerks."

"That's what I think, too," Jase said. "Jacking is jacking. It's a thing guys do when they get horny and there aren't any girls to fool around with. There's nothing gay about it."

"I guess," Luis said. He arched his back a little higher and spread his legs. He was dying to masturbate with Jase. But he wanted Jase to be the one who initiated it.

A minute passed, then Jase said, "How come you don't have any hair anywhere? I've never seen a dude with such smooth, soft legs."

Luis had his entire body waxed regularly. As a male model, they preferred it when he didn't have any body hair. And Jase, in the future, liked it when Luis was smooth all over. But Luis couldn't mention this to Jase now. This would really freak him out. "I'm just not all that hairy. I never was." It wasn't a total lie. Though Luis did have a little hair on his legs, it wasn't much.

A minute or two after that, Jase took a deep breath and exhaled. "Are you still awake?"

Luis nodded. "Yes." His erection was pulsing.

"You wanna jack off to some porn?" Jase asked.

Luis smiled for a second, and then he slowly turned over and rested on his back. He threw his left arm back over his head and reached for his dick with his right. He spread his legs and groped his balls. "What kind of porn?" He knew there were no videos, at least not in Jase's bedroom that night.

Jase looked down between Luis's legs and noticed the way he trimmed his pubic hair into a neat little arrow pointing down. "I've never seen a guy do anything like that before."

Luis shrugged. "I like it when things are trimmed and neat."

Jase didn't reply. He pulled the covers back and climbed out of bed. Luis saw that his gray sweat pants were tented out in the front and he felt like jumping over the bed and burying his face between Jase's legs. But he remained still, groping his dick and watching Jase.

Jase bent over and lifted the mattress. Then he reached between the mattress and box spring and pulled out a couple of magazines. He held them up and said, "I have a couple of Playboys here. Is that okay? I got them from a dude at school."

Luis nodded. "That's fine." The last thing Luis wanted to do was look at nude photos of top heavy women with brassy blond hair. And the thought of pussy made Luis shudder and lock his knees together. But he couldn't say, "No, I'd like to beat off to Tom of Finland pictures of guys in leather with big cocks."

Jase didn't remove his sweat pants. He came back to bed, pulled his sweats down to his knees, and set the girly magazines on the bed between them. Luis noticed Jase had a full erection by then. And his pubic hair was as untrimmed and thick as Luis had expected it would be. Jase opened the first magazine to a centerfold of a blond with dark roots fingering her pussy with one hand and licking her fingers with the other. Luis closed his eyes and gulped fast so he wouldn't gag at the sight. When Jase opened the next two girly magazines to photos of more naked women with their legs spread, Luis decided it was safer to look up at the ceiling so he wouldn't lose his erection altogether.

The visual that kept Luis fully erect was Jase's magnificent young body. He had the right amount of hair on his chest and a fine, even layer of sandy blond hair on his legs. When Jase spread his legs and grabbed his dick, Luis caught a whiff of his aroma and took a deep breath. This was one of the hardest things he'd ever had to do: remain there in bed with Jase and not be able to actually touch him.

But, in a way, it was also one of the sweetest things he'd ever done in bed with Jase. In the future, when they would one day be a married couple, Jase would always be the one to take control and dominate Luis. He would throw Luis down and fuck him until his legs throbbed. He would grab Luis's head and shove it between his legs while Luis sucked him off until his lips went numb. And now, in the year 1986, the fact that Jase was so passive and Luis couldn't actually touch him made the experience both emotional and erotic in ways Luis never dreamed possible.

To be this close to someone, and be in love with him, and yet not be able to reach out and touch him, was almost too much for Luis to handle. At one point, a wave of emotion passed through Luis and he stopped to catch his breath. His head began to spin and he started breathing faster. He knew this was the first time Jase had ever masturbated with another guy and he found it endearing ... overwhelming ... to think that Jase would want to do it with him. And, to Jase, they were virtual strangers. Jase could have done this with the buddy he'd mentioned. He could have done it with anyone other than Luis. But he chose Luis that night, and there was something about knowing this that tugged at Luis's heart.

All they did that night was masturbate: just a couple of buddies jacking off together for fun. Though Luis made a few lame attempts to look down at the photos of naked women, he kept his eyes closed most of the time. They both remained on their backs, while David Letterman continued to sound through the room, and tugged their dicks at the same time. Luis had always been more free and physical when he masturbated. He tended to exaggerate his moves, spreading his legs as wide as they would go, probing his anus with the fingers on one hand while he stroked with the other. Jase appeared stoic; more rigid; he always had been and this didn't surprise Luis. Jase remained on his back, in an upright position, with his legs stretched out. He stroked evenly and precisely, building toward what Luis knew would be a grand climax.

The few times Luis did look at Jase, he caught Jase staring at the way Luis's legs were spread. Luis saw the way Jase pursed his lips when Luis shoved his middle finger into his ass and moved it around. And Luis noticed how Jase started to pound his fist harder when he watched Luis sink down into the covers and twist his naked body sideways. Jase was too busy watching what Luis was doing to notice Luis was watching him. And Jase seemed too engulfed in the moment to even care. The few times he did catch Luis watching him, he stared down at the naked women fast, as if he were afraid to let Luis know what he really needed.

Luis saw the virginal innocence in Jase's young eyes. Luis knew how far to go, and when to pull back and pretend he was disinterested. But it was this look of innocence that brought Luis to the edge. Sometimes, in the future, Luis would see the same innocent look in Jase's eyes. But not often. He saw it when Jase's father passed away suddenly. He saw it whenever Hunter, their son, did something special no one had expected him to do. And Luis remembered seeing the same look the first time they'd had sex in New York.

When Jase started to grunt, Luis knew he was ready to come. Jase always made the same noises when he came. Luis knew Jase was watching him. He spread his legs wider and shoved another finger into his ass, only deeper this time. His entire body twisted even more and his legs went up higher. He kept his eyes closed; the only time he looked at Jase was when he squinted sideways. Jase grunted louder and the bed started to rock. He pounded so hard Luis heard his fist smacking against his pelvis. That's when Luis lifted his legs all the way up and pointed his toes. He shoved two fingers deeper and threw his head back.

At the exact moment Luis lifted his legs all the way up, Jase let loose with one of the biggest loads Luis had ever seen him release. The Jase that Luis knew in the future tended to shoot in arcs when he came. So this wasn't a huge surprise. But this time when Jase blasted the arc went up, rounded, and landed all over Luis.

When this happened, Luis came immediately. Just the thought of Jase's come hitting his body sent him into a wild climax he couldn't control. Some of it landed on Luis's chest and mingled with his own, some landed on his forehead, and a large amount splashed against his left wrist.

Jase released his dick and rested his head back on the pillow. His chest was heaving by then and his face was still red. He took a quick breath and said, "I'm sorry I came on you, man. I didn't mean it. I'm a pig sometimes. I feel like I just corrupted you, you poor little innocent thing. I'll get you a towel."

Luis got all caught up on the moment and forgot he had to be careful. His entire body was still vibrating from the climax he'd just had. He lifted his left arm, looked at Jase's come, and then licked his wrist clean. By the time he was finished, there wasn't a trace left.

Before Luis even realized what he'd done, Jase's head went up and he pointed at Luis's arm. "Dude, you ate my shit."

Luis flung him a glance and swallowed fast. Then he shrugged and said, "Is that wrong?" He figured it was better to play dumb than be honest this time.

Jase blinked. "I've never seen a dude do that before. And I thought I was corrupting you. Ha."

Luis shrugged. He felt Jase's come dripping down his temple now. So he wiped his forehead with his hand and licked his fingers clean. "I like the taste. It's not bad." He looked down at his torso and said, "You want some?"

Jase made a face and lifted his palms. "I'm good. Thanks all the same."

Luis wiped his chest and licked his fingers. "Didn't you ever taste your own come?" He knew Jase hated the taste of come. He didn't even like the smell. He was only teasing him.

"Hell no," Jase said. "I'm not into that."

Luis turned and looked into his eyes. With his most innocent tone, he asked, "Does it bother you I did it?"

Jase thought for a minute. Then he shrugged and said, "No. I don't care. It's actually kind of hot in a kinky way. I've heard dudes at school to talk about eating their come and they don't think it's gay. I have one buddy who lets his girl friend blow him and when he comes they kiss. I guess some people think it's sexy. And to be honest, even though I'd never do it, it's kind of hot to see someone else do it."

Luis smiled. "Good," he said. "I like it." Then he wiped the rest of the come off his torso and licked his fingers so clean he didn't even need a towel.

Jase gaped at him, with an expression resembling a cross between horror and sheer excitement. Then he punched him in the arm, laughed, and said, "You're a kinky little guy. I never would have guessed that about you. You seemed kind of uptight and timid. Now I don't feel so guilty anymore. I was worried you might think I was weird or something."

Luis wanted to wrap his arms around him and thank him for being so decent. The young Jase had all the integrity of the Jase he would fall in love with in the future. Luis had always heard people who are decent when they are young are decent for the rest of their lives. And Jase was living proof of this. "I'm not actually all that kinky. I usually just jack off alone. I haven't done anything like this with a guy in a long time."

Jase sent him a look. "Do you always eat your own shit?"

Luis nodded yes. "All the time."

Jase laughed. "You're fucking sick, dude. But it's cool."

"It's something you like or you don't like, I guess."

Jase pulled up his pants and stretched out his legs. He switched off the light and turned off the TV with a remote. "You need a towel?"

Luis laughed. The room went pitch black. "Not anymore. I'm sure I got it all."

"You need to go rinse out your mouth, buddy?"

"Not really. I brushed my teeth before I took a shower."

"What was up with the finger thing you were doing?" Jase asked.

Luis was wondering when Jase would get around to this. "I read once anal stimulation is very exciting. And it is, trust me. Guys get off better when they stimulate the prostate. You should try it." He knew Jase never would. Jase could never stand the thought of anything being inserted into his anus. He was true top.

Jase frowned. "I'll take our word for it. That kind of thing isn't for me. But it is kind of kinky to watch, if you know what I mean." He laughed. "I can't even believe we're talking like this. I feel like a freaking sex pervert or something."

Luis pulled the covers up and turned on his side to face the wall. He smiled and said, "I'm starting to think you're a lot kinkier than you think you are. And, anything we say in private is just between us."

Jase laughed. "You might be right. Maybe I am kind of kinky." Then he turned on his side. "I also have to admit there is something about you that makes me laugh. Goodnight."

In the future, Luis would have kissed him goodnight on the lips and fallen into his arms. But in 1986 he sighed and said, "Sleep well. I'll see you in the morning, Jase."

Chapter Six

In the morning, Luis woke up with Jase's warm palm on his ass. Luis always slept on his stomach and Jase always on his side. At first, Luis didn't realize he'd gone back in time and Jase wasn't supposed to be touching him this way. He hadn't opened his eyes yet and he didn't want to get out of bed. Luis stretched out and spread his legs a little wider, inviting Jase to continue. When he did this, Jase's hand went down lower and he started squeezing the bottom of Luis's ass. In the future, Jase and Luis woke up this way many times. It usually led to Jase climbing on top of Luis, mounting him, and giving him an early morning quickie.

But that morning, when Luis realized it was really 1986 and he was with young Jase instead of older Jase, he opened his eyes and turned his head to see if Jase was still sleeping. Jase opened his eyes and they exchanged a look. The minute Jase realized where he'd set his palm, and that Luis's legs were wide open, he jerked back so fast he knocked the glass of water off the nightstand.

"Dude," Jase said, as he jumped out of bed to pick up the glass. "Sorry about that. I guess I was dreaming. I didn't mean anything by it. I'm not gay or anything like that."

Luis closed his legs and turned over on his back. He rubbed his eyes and glanced at the way Jase's sweat pants were tented out again. The Jase whom Luis knew and loved in the future always had a morning erection. They'd shared some of their most memorable sexual adventures in the early morning hours while the rest of the house was fast asleep. But there wouldn't be any sex that morning. When Luis saw the terrified expression on Jase's face, he said, "I know. Don't worry about it." He also figured he'd better change the subject fast. "Are you going to use the shower first?"

Jase rested the empty glass on the nightstand and said, "Yeah. I don't take long. I'll be out in less than fifteen minutes." Then he loped off to the bathroom with his hand pressed to his erection so it wouldn't bounce around.

Luis took a longer shower, and worked even longer on his hair. When he was dressed, he cleaned up the bathroom and made the bed. He also wiped up the water Jase had knocked over and he straightened up Jase's messy pile of clothes. The guy had underwear and sweat socks tossed all over the room. He had jeans and high top sneakers everywhere Luis looked. This made Luis laugh. He enjoyed cleaning up after Jase. And it was nice, in a familiar way, to know Jase was just as much of a slob when he was younger.

When the room was perfect, Luis jogged down to the kitchen with a huge smile. When he entered, he walked to the stove where Isabelle was making breakfast and gave her a huge hug and a kiss on the cheek. "Good morning," he said, and then glanced down at the stove. She was frying bacon and flipping pancakes. "That looks wonderful. I'll have a nice big stack."

Isabelle seemed stunned at the way this virtual stranger greeted her. She looked at Jase and Judah first, then said, "Well, good morning to you, sweetie. You sure are in a good mood this morning."

Luis went to the table and sat down next to Jase. He smiled at Judah Nicholas and said, "It's a wonderful morning. Life is wonderful. And I'm so happy to be here. I can't wait to start working. I hope there's something I can do."

Judah and Jase looked at each other and shrugged. They didn't seem to know how to react to Luis's bright, cheerful mood. "I made a few calls this morning," Judah said. "And I found something for you to do at the high school. I'm on the board of education. This way you can go to work with Jase every morning and come home with him in the afternoon. You'll be doing landscape work over there. This time of year it gets really busy over there, especially with graduation. I'm not sure about the pay yet, but the Principal will explain it all to you. I gave you a good recommendation, so don't let me down, son."

Luis stood up and walked to the other side of the table. He put his arms around Jase's grandfather and said, "Oh, thank you, Mr. Nicholas. I can't thank you enough. I'll do whatever they tell me to do. I promise, I won't let you down. I'd never let you down."

Judah's eyebrows went up. He looked at Jase and said, "He certainly is an emotional little guy."

Jase rolled his eyes and shoved a forkful of pancakes into his mouth.

Isabelle turned and said, "I think he's delightful." She smiled at Luis. "I'll have your pancakes in a minute, dear, so you boys won't be late."

After breakfast, Luis and Jase climbed into the Grand National and Jase fumbled with the keys. Luis noticed Jase hadn't said a word to him all through breakfast and he had a feeling Jase was uncomfortable about what had happened between them in bed. If anything, Jase seemed disinterested. So Luis, not thinking this time, buckled his seatbelt and said, "Are you okay about what went down last night? I'm okay with it. I just wanted you to know." Then he smiled and folded his hands on his lap. He was looking forward to going to school with Jase.

But Jase frowned and turned in his direction. He leaned over and pointed at Luis. He spoke with a deep, serious tone that bordered on anger. "Nothing happened between us, all right? I'm not gay, man. And I don't want to talk about it again." Then he punched the door and bit his fist.

Luis felt a sting in his eyes. Jase had never yelled at him once, not in all the time they'd been married. "I was just trying to explain," Luis said.

Before Luis could finish his thought, Jase shook his fist. "There's no need to explain anything. Nothing happened last night. It was two guys messing around. A big joke. Is that understood?"

Luis felt his face getting red. He clenched his fists and gritted his teeth. He looked Jase in the eye and said, "That's fine with me, asshole. And there's no need to yell at me. I'm not an idiot and I don't take abuse from anyone. Is that understood?"

Jase moved his lips, but nothing came out. His face turned red and the vein in his neck started to pop. Instead of speaking, he clenched his fist and punched the dashboard. Then he started the car and pulled out of the driveway so fast Luis felt like looking back to see if his stomach was on the front porch.

"You drive like an asshole, too," Luis said. He was on the verge of tears but he didn't want to give Jase the satisfaction. He knew Jase was going through something difficult. He knew Jase had feelings for him and he was attracted to him. But that didn't give Jase the right to yell at him and talk down to him. Luis would never have spoken to Jase that way. And he didn't want to be spoken to that way either.

Jase didn't say a word. He turned on the stereo and Sister Christian began to play.

Luis reached over, turned the volume up higher, and then sat back with his arms folded across his chest the rest of the way.

When they arrived at the high school, Luis's lips were still pinched and his arms still folded. A group of girls walked by and Jase slowed down and lowered his window. He smiled at one girl with frizzy blond hair and said, "Hey, you look hot today." He spoke with a smooth, flirtatious voice that sounded fake.

Luis rolled his eyes. He recognized the girl Jase was talking to. It was the young version of Betsy Melchiorri, the chubby woman with bad hair Luis had met at the reunion.

Betsy giggled, pulled her books close to her chest, and said, "Hi, Jase. I was thinking about you playing football last season. I think you're the best quarterback this school has ever seen."

Luis felt like barfing. Betsy Melchiorri sounded as insincere in l986 as she would in the future. He wanted to lean over and say, "You should have seen the way Jase had his hand on my ass this morning, sweetie." But it would have been a huge mistake that might have cost Luis is perfect nose.

Jase smiled so wide Luis could see his gums. He lowered his voice and said, "Well, thanks. I try to do my best. I'm that kind of guy. I guess football just comes naturally to me."

Luis looked the other way. Betsy should have seen the way Jase was watching Luis last night while he jacked off. That would have opened her eyes.

"I'll see you later at lunch," Betsy said. "And there's a student government meeting later today. She giggled and leaned in to another girl who was standing beside her. They way she gazed at Jase, as if he were a Greek god, caused Luis's stomach to tighten.

"I'll see you later, baby," Jase said. Then he pulled away with a dramatic screech and headed to the student parking lot.

When the car came to a halt, it jerked forward and Luis had to hold the door to keep from falling over.

Jase was still smiling. Evidently, he'd forgotten all about the argument they'd had in the driveway. "The blond girl back there was Betsy Melchiorri. What do you think of her? She's hot for me. I know it. She'd do anything for me. I bet I could get her to blow me."

Luis took a quick breath. The last thing he wanted to hear about was Betsy Melchiorri's blow jobs. When it came to sucking dick, Luis was of the opinion no one could do it like him. He unbuckled his seatbelt and opened the door. Before he unfolded from the car, he shrugged and said, "I think she's wonderful, a real keeper. I think both you and Betsy Melchiorri were made for each other. I hope she sucks your dick so hard the sheets get stuck between your ass cheeks." Then he climbed out, slammed the door, and started walking toward the school.

Jase got out and laughed at Luis. He said, "Don't be so emotional. I'll see you back here at around five o'clock today. I'm involved in a lot of after school things, like student government, and I usually stay until five."

Luis continued walking. Evidently, Jase was a workaholic in high school, too. He waved his hand and said, "I'll see you at five, asshole." He couldn't deny he was ready to kick something hard. But he also knew he had to let Jase's normal life take its course. He was only there by some kind of weird accident and he had no right to play around with Jase's destiny. Even though he wasn't happy about his present situation, he took satisfaction in knowing how things would turn out in the end.

The Principal asked Luis to fill out some forms. Then he told Luis to go to the maintenance department and introduce himself to the guy in charge of grounds and landscaping. From what Luis could gather, his timing couldn't have been more perfect. The maintenance department was short staffed. The young guy who always cut the grass and trimmed the paths and hedges had broken his leg and would be out sick for the next month. The head guy in landscaping brought Luis to a large riding mower and showed him how to work it. He showed him how to work the weed trimmer and the leaf blower, too. Though Luis had never done this kind of manual labor before, he was quick to learn. He didn't want to let Judah down, and he really did want to work for his keep.

Because it was Luis's first day, the head guy asked him to walk around the campus and look for any shrubs or hedges that needed to be evened out. He handed Luis a set of pruning sheers and told him he would be working on the bleachers in the football field if Luis needed him.

There was an unusual heat wave passing through Alaska that week. It was warm out that day and Luis didn't want to get his white shirt dirty. He was going to ask Jase if he could borrow a few things later that day, but he didn't want to ruin the only shirt he had. So he removed his shirt and hung it on the hook in the outbuilding where they kept all the landscaping tools. Then he took the sheers and went outside to work.

When it occurred to Luis that what he was doing wasn't unlike the things he normally did in his real life at Cider Mill Farm, he went about his work without even thinking about it. Though Luis and Jase had a full time handyman named Corey, who was also dating Luis's identical twin brother, Gage, Luis often did a lot of the yard work at Cider Mill Farm himself. One year he planted tons of pumpkins, but then that nasty Darius ... the creepy nanny ... wound up ruining them all when the Reverend von Klingensmith ran Darius over and he went sailing into the pumpkin patch. Luis didn't consider gardening work. He thought of it more as therapy after the end of a long, stressful week of modeling with a bunch of vicious, competitive vipers in New York City.

Being outdoors this way calmed Luis. He liked the way the warm sun hit his naked back. He only wished he could take off his pants and prune in his underwear so he wouldn't get one of those hideous tan lines below his waist. But he was still wearing the red see-through thong and that wouldn't have worked out well for him. Luis was so calm, he almost forgot about his argument with Jase that morning. That is until he ran into Jase right outside one of the back doors around lunchtime. Luis was trimming a tall juniper and people were coming and going all around him. He knew the girls were staring at his naked torso and murmuring things to each other as they passed him. He knew the guys were looking him up and down and wondering where he came from.

Then Jase came through the doors with Betsy Melchiorri on his arm. Luis looked at them fast and turned back to his pruning, pretending he didn't see them. Betsy had her arm looped through Jase's and she was looking up at him, batting her eyelashes. Luis hadn't seen anyone fawn this way since he'd been a male escort in New York and one of the trannies he knew met a ninety year old multi-millionaire at a downtown club. And Jase seemed to be enjoying Betsy's undivided attention. He walked with his head up high and his back squared. He almost didn't notice Luis.

Luis stepped out into the walkway on purpose. He missed bumping into them by inches. When he turned and looked at Jase, he smiled and nodded. Jase looked at Luis's bare chest and made a face. The vein in his neck started to pop out again.

As they continued walking, Betsy Melchiorri said, "Who is that guy anyway, Jase? Do you know him well?" Then she gazed back at Luis's naked torso a minute longer than she should have.

Jase sent Luis a dirty look. He didn't say a word. Then he pulled Betsy closer and said, "He's some guy who's staying with my family for a while. He's just passing through town. He's no one important."

Luis bit his bottom lip and shoved the pruning sheers into the juniper so hard he wound up lopping off a huge chunk that left a gaping hole. He couldn't help himself. He'd never been this mad at Jase and he felt like chopping the whole juniper down and stepping on it.

After lunch, Luis went to the side of the school and pruned a long group of yews that were seriously out of control. Whoever had been maintaining this place hadn't been doing his job very well. Luis liked things perfect; he worked hard to achieve excellence. And this campus was a downright disgrace. While he was there, a group of students and one of the younger teachers walked outside and sat on the lawn not far from where Luis was working. The teacher seemed like one of those old hippie types. He had long brown hair, a thick beard, and he wasn't wearing a tie. Luis had a teacher like that when he was in high school. Every school had one: a quasi hipster. They can't wait to get outside on the first warm day in spring and teach a class on the grass.

About twenty students sat down in a casual group and the teacher sat in front of them. He opened a literature book and started talking about a famous author, O. Henry. When the teacher began to explain O. Henry's real name was Sydney Porter, Luis's mind started to wander. Luis had loved studying literature in high school. And he'd never had the opportunity to go to college. After his parents threw him out when they discovered he was gay, he met a middle aged guy and moved in with him. They lived as a couple for a while until Luis couldn't take it anymore. The guy was nice enough; he treated Luis very well and with more respect than he'd ever been treated before. But Luis wanted more out of life, only he didn't have many options. One afternoon when the guy was in his office, Luis packed up the few things he'd brought with him and took a bus to New York. He lived in New York and escorted older gay men to parties and functions for a while. There was nothing sexual about this: Luis only escorted them. Then he met Jase, fell in love, became a fairly well known male model, and his real life began. But he'd always wanted to go to college and do something important with his life.

When the teacher started talking about O. Henry's personal life, and his imprisonment for embezzlement, Luis noticed most of the students weren't paying attention. Some were staring up at the blue sky. Some were staring down at their books and daydreaming. But one guy in particular leaned forward on his elbows with wide eyes. He was hanging on to every word the teacher said. Luis remembered him. This was the dark, handsome guy in the wheel chair he'd met at the reunion, and the same guy Luis had bumped into outside the men's locker room a day earlier. His name was Alec and he wasn't in a wheel chair now. Luis assumed this must have been right before he had his accident in the swimming pool at Betsy Melchiorri's graduation party.

Then the teacher switched to another author who lived around the same time O. Henry lived, Oscar Wilde. "Do you think he created his notorious lifestyle to gain attention?" the teacher asked.

Luis didn't know much about Oscar Wilde and he was dying to hear more, so he stopped pruning for a moment and turned to see who would answer the question.

Alec spoke first. He didn't raise his hand; he spoke out and said, "If you read the emotional scenes he wrote, and you see how he treated his characters, you have to understand he didn't do anything to get attention. His work garnered him the attention, if anything. It wasn't his name, his line of bullshit, or his narcissism. It wasn't about notoriety. He couldn't have cared less about getting attention. He loved what he wrote, but in his personal life the demons always got the best of him. I think he was filled with conflict. He was who he was."

The teacher didn't seem to agree, and he challenged Alec with some good points. While Alec continued to speak, Luis noticed he was wearing a black turtle neck and black jeans on a warm day when everyone else wore lighter, cooler things. His thick wavy hair wasn't styled in any particular way: it fell wherever it wanted to fall after he towel dried it. And he had that heavy five o'clock shadow thing going on Luis always loved in men.

"But maybe we are overestimating his motives," the teacher said. "Maybe we're giving him more credit than he deserves. Or, maybe he was a narcissistic lunatic like so many authors seem to be."

Alec shook his head in strong disagreement. He said, "No, we're not. If anything we are underestimating him. He lived in a time when things were very conventional and men like him didn't have the freedoms and options we have now. Sodomy was illegal. The fact he was rumored to be homosexual made it more intense. The passion and pain are all there, too, between the lines. You can almost feel it in every word he wrote."

When Alec said the word homosexual, a few people rolled their eyes. When he said sodomy, some laughed and made faces. One girl yawned out loud. A guy winced and rubbed his behind. But a few more perked up and joined in the discussion. Luis was so fascinated he set down the pruning sheers and joined the other students on the grass. He'd forgotten how much he missed this kind of open academic discussion, where people could agree to disagree and everyone remained on friendly terms. Luis met ... and suffered ... so many stupid, vapid people as a male model he often went home with headaches.

"But would anything have been different for him nowadays?" the teacher asked. He was goading the students, trying to make them think beyond their scope of reality. "Even though gay men have come a long way, it's not all that much better in l986 than it was when he was around."

Alec lowered his head and frowned. "It might have been a little easier for him now. But probably not much easier. There's still a lot of fear and discrimination today, especially with the AIDS virus. In some ways, it might even be worse now than it was then. And the future doesn't look much brighter with AIDS killing so many men."

Luis couldn't remain silent a minute longer. "But it does get better. Gay men will be able to marry one day, and they will be able to join the military and do all the things everyone else does. It's not going to be easy. But things will change in time."

Alec turned and shot Luis a serious glance. "How do you know this?"

His stare was so penetrating Luis gulped. His dark eyes so piercing Luis almost lost his voice. In a weak tone, Luis said, "I was guessing. It has to get better. Everyone and everything evolves eventually. Why I wouldn't be afraid to guess that one day we might even have an African American President of the United States."

The teacher smiled at Luis and said, "That's a very good point. We do evolve as a society. We always have in the past. And I agree, I think we will have a black President. But not in our lifetimes. I don't think something like that will happen until we're all long gone."

Luis shrugged. "You never know." Then he slowly rose, stepped back, and reached for his pruning sheers.

When the class was finished, everyone gathered their books and paraphernalia and went back inside the school. The only one who lingered outside was Alec. Luis had moved to the other end of the building by then. When Alec walked up behind him he was bent over a yew trying to prune the back end of it away from the brick building.

Alec tapped his arm and said, "That was an interesting insight you mentioned."

Luis stood up and smiled. Though he knew there would, indeed, be an African American President in their lifetime, he couldn't pursue the matter. There was no way to prove it. "Thanks," he said. "I like to think we all get better with time, not worse. We evolve. There's no reason why this country can't have a black President." He had trouble focusing, because Alec had such dark intense eyes.

"I wasn't talking about that," Alec said. "I was talking about gay people." He reached out and shook Luis's hand. "I'm Alec Stark. I wanna be a writer."

Luis smiled. "I'm Luis Fortune. It's nice to meet you. You're very bright."

Alec ignored the compliment. "Are you gay?"

At first, Luis wasn't sure what to say. He'd been openly gay for so long it felt devious to lie about it. But he didn't want people gossiping about Jase spending time with a gay man, so he smiled and said, "I'm open to all experiences. I don't like labels."

Alec smiled. "Cool, man. I feel the same way." He looked at his watch. "I'm going to be late for class. Maybe we can get together and talk more. You're different from everyone else around here."

"Ah well," Luis said. He felt a lump in his throat. He didn't want to reject Alec; he was so damn sexy. But he didn't want to be unfaithful to Jase either. "We'll see," he said. "I'm not sure how long I'll be around. I'm only passing through town this summer."

"I have to go, man," Alec said. "We'll figure something out."

Luis shrugged and smiled. "Okay, sounds good."

The rest of the day was spent tackling a thick wall of vines that were starting to take over the east wall of the school. At five o'clock, Luis walked back to the parking lot to meet Jase. He was already there when Luis arrived. He was leaning against the passenger door of the Grand National with his feet and arms crossed. As Luis approached, Jase glared at him and said, "You're late."

Luis had enjoyed his day so much he'd almost forgotten about their argument. He smiled and said, "I'm sorry. I had to clean up before I left. My hands were filthy from working outside all way."

Jase made a face. He bit the inside of his mouth. "I see your shirt is still clean."

Luis shrugged. "I figured I'd take it off so it wouldn't get dirty. Actually, I was wondering if I could borrow something of yours tomorrow. Just something old that I can do dirty work in. This shirt is the only one I have and I don't want to ruin it."

"I think that's a good idea," Jase said.

"Why?" Luis didn't understand the sharp tone in Jase's voice.

"Because half the school is talking about the hot half-naked guy outside trimming bushes, that's why. You shouldn't be walking around that way. It's not respectable."

Luis tilted his head back. "I was only working," he said. "I can't help what other people say. And why would you care about what they say. You seemed to be having way too much fun with good old Betsy Melchiorri today."

"I don't care," Jase said. "I figured I'd let you know what they are saying."

Luis knew Jase was a little jealous ... even if Jase didn't know it himself. So he didn't press the matter. He smiled and said, "Okay. I won't go shirtless anymore."

Jase uncrossed his feet and opened the passenger door. "Get in," he said. "You must be tired. You worked hard today."

Though Jase wasn't the young prince charming Luis had dreamed about, he found it comforting to know Jase cared about how hard he'd worked all day. "I'm okay," he said, as he walked to the car.

Jase waited until he got inside and he closed the door for him. Then he walked around the back of the car and opened the driver's door. When he was sitting behind the steering wheel, he shut his door and hesitated for a moment. Before he started the car, he turned to Luis and said, "I saw you talking with that weird guy, Alec."

"He's very bright guy," Luis said. "We were talking about how one day there might be an African American President. I don't think Alec is weird. I think he's smart and nice looking."

Jase rolled his eyes. "Alec seemed more interested in the way you looked than what you were saying. Shit, I thought he was going to pull your pants down. There have been rumors he's gay or bi-sexual. I figured you should know in case he tries anything with you. It's the innocent guys like you who usually get taken advantage of. I know it's none of my business, and I don't really care what you do. But I figured I'd say something anyway."

Luis knew Jase too well. This was Jase's way of saying he cared. "He seems like a nice guy. But I'll remember what you said."

"Are you?"

"Am I what?"

"Are you gay?"

Luis knew his answer could change things between them. Jase wasn't ready to admit he was gay. He had a lot to go through before he would admit he was gay and there was nothing Luis could do to change that. So he told Jase the same thing he told Alec: "I'm open to all kinds of things. And I don't like labels." This, Luis had learned, was the best cop out excuse any gay man could use when he didn't want to admit his sexuality.

Chapter Seven

After dinner, Jase and Luis went into the family room with Judah and Isabelle. Millie and Mollie had fallen asleep in front of the fireplace. They all watched a brand new episode of Cosby and Luis almost gave himself away when he laughed and let out a spoiler. He'd seen the same show in reruns for the past twenty years. When Isabelle asked how Luis knew what would happen, he just smiled and shrugged. He told her he'd only guessed and he'd been lucky. Then he sat back and shut his mouth.

Jase sat on the floor in front of the coffee table with his legs crossed. He had a big math test the next day and he was studying a few things so he'd be prepared. He'd already been accepted into the college of his choice and he'd taken his SAT tests. But Jase had always been a straight A student and wouldn't settle for less. Luis noticed when he did his homework he was as intent as he would be as an adult and he was reading a book or working on one of his inventions. He stared down at the math book, ignored everything around him, and concentrated on what he was doing without acknowledging any of the distractions around him.

It was hard not to acknowledge the distractions that night. After Cosby, they watched one of those trashy prime time soaps that were so popular back in the eighties. Isabelle loved the camp. She laughed and poked Luis in the ribs more than once.

During a commercial, Isabelle said, "I saw how neat and clean your room was this morning, Jase. I'm proud of you. I'm glad you finally cleaned that mess up." She rubbed Luis's arm and smiled. "I think having Luis around has been a good influence on you."

Jase looked up from his book and he sent his grandmother a blank stare. "Ah well, Luis kind of helped me out. I didn't do it all alone."

Luis almost fell sideways laughing. He'd cleaned the entire room himself. Jase hadn't lifted a finger. But he didn't want to make Jase look bad so he didn't say a word.

Isabelle winked at Luis, as if she already knew the truth and she was just having fun with Jase. "I had a feeling Luis helped. But it looks great. You two boys did a wonderful job."

Jase grunted something, scratched his nuts, gave Luis a guilty look, and went back to his math.

After the soap, they watched the first fifteen minutes of the local news again. When the weather report was over, Isabelle and Judah went up to bed. They asked Jase to let Millie and Mollie out one last time for the night. Luis said he'd do it; he didn't mind. But Jase gathered his books and said, "I'm finished. I've been studying for this test for two weeks. If I don't know it by now, I never will."

Isabelle kissed him goodnight and said, "I'm sure you do, sweetheart." She looked at Luis and nodded. "Jase was always good at math. I don't know where he gets it either, because I suck. When I add two and two, I come up with six."

When Isabelle and Judah were upstairs, Luis said, "Are you sure you don't want me to let the dogs out? I don't mind."

Jase stretched and yawned. He scratched his nuts again and belched. "I've got it," he said. "You go up and do what you have to do in the bathroom. I'll be up in a few minutes. I want to get something from the car."

"Okay."

As Luis turned to leave, Jase laughed and said, "Make yourself smell nice like last night. I like that."

Luis glared at him. But not in a mean way. He knew Jase was teasing. "You're an idiot and an asshole."

"I know." Then he smiled and belched even louder.

By the time Luis came out of the shower, Jase was already sitting up in bed and Johnny Carson had finished his monologue. Jase wore the same gray sweat pants, but no socks and no shirt.

Luis came out of the bathroom naked, the same way he'd come out the night before. Though he wasn't certain anything would happen again, he was hoping there would be another jack off session before they went to bed. But that's all he was hoping for. He had no intention of seducing Jase or making any moves: one, because he didn't want to suffer the rejection if Jase freaked out on him, and two, because he didn't think Jase was ready for it.

When Jase noticed him, he said, "Thanks for cleaning up. I would have helped."

"I don't mind. After all, you're helping me out. I wanted to do it."

"It looks good. I'm not the neatest guy around. I'm a freaking slob."

Luis shrugged. "It wasn't too bad. You're not a slob. You're just a normal guy."

Jase laughed. "You're too nice sometimes. I'm a slob."

Jase was busy doing something with his hands on the bed; he wasn't really paying attention. Luis walked to the light switch and asked, "Can I turn this off now?" The large overheard light on the ceiling was on and the room was bright ... too bright to walk around naked. Being a model, there was nothing Luis detested more than being lit from above.

Jase didn't look up. He continued to fumble with what he was doing. "Sure, I'll put on the small light." Then he reached over and turned on the wagon wheel lamp on the nightstand.

When the room was darker, Luis crossed to the bed and pulled back the covers. But when he climbed into bed and saw what Jase was doing, he pressed his palm to his chest and gaped. "Is that what I think it is? I can't believe you're doing that with your grandparents in the house."

Jase smiled, without looking up. "I got it from a buddy at school today. He said it's really good stuff. Don't worry about my grandparents. I know they do it sometimes, too."

Luis was no expert, but he knew Jase was rolling a joint. "Are you going to smoke that right now?" Luis had never been into drugs of any kind. He was a social drinker. But he could go for weeks without alcohol and never even miss it. He didn't even feel comfortable taking aspirin.

Jase looked at him with a devious, naughty smile. "I figured we'd both try it out. I hardly ever do it."

"Ah well," Luis said. "Tomorrow is a school day and you have a test. Maybe we should wait."

Jase flung him a glance. "You've never done it before, have you?"

Luis rolled his eyes. He'd done everything Jase was still dreaming about at least three times. But he didn't want to sound smug about it. "I've done it a few times. It's just not my thing."

Jase smoothed out the joint, put a small plastic bag on top of the nightstand, and picked up a book of matches. "That's okay. I don't mind smoking alone. There will be more for me. You can sit and watch me have all the fun."

A minute or two later, Luis inhaled the familiar aroma and sighed. He had to admit the joint smelled good. And though smoking pot wasn't something he would miss if it wasn't around, he hated ignoring it when it was around.

Jase must have seen him inhale and hold his breath, because when Jase exhaled a long stream of smoke, he passed the joint over to Luis and said, "You sure you don't want to at least try it. It's good stuff."

Luis thought for a moment. A few drags couldn't hurt. So he took the joint and inhaled as deeply as he could.

Jase watched him and smiled. The full effects hadn't kicked in yet. But about twenty minutes later, they were laughing about something ridiculous Johnny Carson had just said and Luis wasn't even sure what it was. Jase punched him playfully a few times and made fun of his smooth legs. Luis gave Jase a shove and told him he had knobby knees. When Jase started punching Luis again, Luis turned over and begged him to stop. But he didn't stop laughing; he really wanted Jase to continue and Jase seemed to know it.

When they stopped horsing around, Jase stamped out the joint in a small disposable tin ash tray and set it on the nightstand. Luis sat back, propped-up against pillows, and watched TV without speaking. He hadn't been this relaxed in ages. Everything around him moved slower and easier. His body tingled from the tips of his toes to the tops of his ears and all he wanted to do was enjoy the moment. Luis would have been perfectly content to remain there in the dark silence until they both drifted off to sleep.

But Jase rested back against his pillows and said, "We should jack again."

Luis turned his head slowly. He'd been daydreaming about the way Jase had been manhandling him and punching him. "You're horny because of the pot, aren't you?"

Jase nodded yes. He pulled his sweat pants down to his knees and grabbed his semi-erect dick. "That's what happens when I smoke. I can't help it. It's like magic." He slapped his dick against his thigh and laughed.

Luis knew this was true. Luis didn't always get horny when he smoked pot. He preferred to sit back and stare into space and dream. But the few times he and Jase had smoked pot in the future Luis noticed the only thing on Jase's mind was sex. They even joked around about how pot was like Viagra for Jase. So Luis reached down and grabbed his own dick. He was surprised to see he was almost fully erect, too. Luis started stroking and said, "You were right. That was good stuff. I haven't felt this good in a long time."

Jase stopped jacking for a minute so he could pull off his sweat pants. Luis didn't say a word. He watched Jase get naked; he licked his lips when he saw Jase's sexy hairy legs. Then Jase turned off the TV; the only light came from the dim bulb on the nightstand. He also noticed Jase hadn't bothered getting the Playgirl magazines out this time. Luis decided not to mention it. He hoped Jase wouldn't remember. The last thing he wanted to see was a set of big fake tits and some woman fingering her pussy.

Jase stretched out and spread his legs. His right foot was only inches from Luis's left. He threw his left arm back over his head and stroked with the other. Luis spread his legs and closed his eyes. For a few minutes the only sounds in the room came from Jase and Luis smacking their fists against their groins.

Then Jase said, "You're not doing that thing you did last night."

"What thing?"

Jase gestured to Luis's groin. "That thing you do with your fingers when he spread your legs."

Luis smiled. He knew what Jase was talking about. He spread his legs and lowered his left hand to the bottom of his ass. When he started fingering his hole and jacking at the same time, he looked up at Jase and said, "Is this what you're talking about?"

Jase gazed at Luis's body with more intensity. He pursed his lips and started jacking faster. "Yeah, that's it," Jase said. "It's hot to watch."

Luis didn't reply. He lifted his legs higher, spread them as far as he could, and inserted his middle finger.

They remained like this for a few more minutes, and then Jase lifted his right foot and kicked Luis's leg.

Luis turned; he'd just inserted another finger. "What?" He was wondering if Jase wanted him to do anything else. At this point, he wasn't sure what to expect.

"You ever get a good blow job?" Jase asked. He was stoned, but he didn't slur his words. He jacked slower now, as if trying to hold back his climax.

"A couple of times," Luis said. He thought it was so adorable Jase had asked him this. At eighteen years old, the world was still so new to Jase. But he wasn't that innocent. He didn't seem to have any problem talking dirty.

"To be honest, Betsy tried it once with me," Jase said. "I wasn't telling the complete truth in the car earlier today when I said she would probably give me a blow job. She stopped blowing because she said I was too big and I was hurting her mouth."

Luis rolled his eyes. He could have guessed good old Betsy Melchiorri would say something like that. She seemed like the type who teased a lot, but when it came to the real deal she would back out fast. "Betsy is young," Luis said. "She'll learn."

"But it felt so good while she was sucking," Jase said. "I really, really liked it. But I couldn't ask her to do something that was hurting her."

Luis sighed. All men really, really liked blow jobs. He stopped fingering his hole and he stretched out his legs. He had a feeling Jase needed to talk and ask questions. He sounded curious and the pot had given him courage he normally wouldn't have had. "It's something you have to be into," he said. "You can't fake a good blow job. And, you either like doing it or you don't. There's no middle ground."

"You sound like you know more than you're telling me," Jase said. He rubbed his foot up and down Luis's naked leg. "Have you ever given a blow job to anyone?"

Luis laughed. "I can't believe you're asking me that. Don't you think that's kind of private?"

Jase kicked him harder.

"Hey, that hurt."

Jase laughed and punched him gently in the arm. "No it didn't."

"Stop asking me questions," Luis said. "And stop punching me."

Jase laughed and punched him again, as if he knew Luis wanted more. "Look at us. We're stoned and we're jacking off together. I don't think that's an inappropriate question considering the circumstances surrounding us at the moment."

Luis laughed again. Jase had this way of turning any situation around to suit his needs. It was as if he could twist reality. This had always been part of his charm, both in business and in his personal life. And Luis knew when Jase was doing a number on him. "You're too smart. But I'm not an idiot. And I never kiss and tell."

Jase moved a little closer; his elbow rested against Luis's elbow. "I know you're smart. I don't want details. I only want to know if you ever gave a guy a blow job. I won't tell anyone. I swear."

Luis thought about this for a moment. He also knew Jase knew how to set people up, too. He was using his most convincing tone, the one he saved for special occasions when he really wanted something in a bad way. And if Jase was testing him, and setting him up that night, Luis had to answer with care. With a man like Jase, there was always a chance he could turn on Luis if Luis did admit to giving a man a blow job.

"If I tell you, you have to promise it's a secret," Luis said.

Jase moved in closer; his arm pushed hard against Luis's. "I won't tell anyone."

"Okay," Luis said. "I have given one or two blow jobs. But that's all I'm going to say." After he said this, he smiled. He was surprised at how much fun he was having now. It was like falling love all over again with the same person you've always been in love with.

Jase seemed a little shocked. "Did you like doing it?" He rubbed his jaw. "I'm not sure how I'd feel about sucking another guy's dick. I've never done it."

This didn't shock Luis. Jase had never been into sucking dick, not even in the future, when they were married. Jase loved getting blown; he loved to fuck a tight ass. But he usually frowned upon doing anything considered submissive in bed. The one time Luis tried to fuck Jase, he let out a howl and screamed in pain with such force Luis pulled out and never tried it again. Luis had always been fine with this, because he preferred being submissive all the time.

"It was okay," Luis said. "It wasn't that bad."

"But did you like it?"

"Okay, yes. I liked it."

"How did it taste?"

Luis poked him in the ribs. "It tasted like dick. How else would it taste?"

"Did you swallow when the guy came?" Jase asked.

Luis nodded. "Yes, I swallowed."

"How was that?"

"Not bad."

"How many times have you done it?"

Luis tried to think back to when he was eighteen years old in Tennessee, which was only fair. Anything after that didn't matter. He didn't always tell the complete truth about his past because he believed some things were only supposed to remain with him and were no one else's business. But he wanted to be honest with Jase that night. He remembered the three guys on the high school baseball team. He'd been seventeen at the time; he'd blown them in the back of the school bus one after the other after a game. He remembered the two horse hung brothers who lived up the road from his family. He blew each of them one time, and not at the same time. Then there was the guy who worked at the Texaco in town and gave him free gas. Luis had blown him about once or twice a week for almost eight months. It started out as a one time deal and turned into something regular. Luis had just turned eighteen. The guy's wife was pregnant and wouldn't have sex with him. And he wore tight jeans and a scruffy white T-shirt all the time. Luis even let this guy fuck him regularly. He always went home with grease stains on his ass. After that, Luis had a love affair with his father's hired hand, a cowboy named Snake. Luis used to suck him off in the barn after school every single day. Luis didn't know his identical twin brother was screwing around with Snake at the same time. When his brother found out, he got jealous and set Luis up and Luis's father caught Luis getting fucked over a stack of hay. That's when they threw Luis out of the house. Luis frowned and said, "About seven guys altogether," he said.

"Wow. You're sucked off seven guys. So you know what you're doing."

"I've never had any complaints," Luis said.

After a long moment of silence, Jase lifted his leg and rested it on top of Luis's leg. He rubbed his foot against Luis's foot and said, "You wanna blow me?"

"I'm not sure," Luis said.

Jase released his dick. His head went up and he looked down at Luis. "Are you saying I'm not good enough? I'm not as good as the seven other guys you blew."

To calm him down, Luis reached over and took Jase's dick in his hand. He stroked it gently and said, "You're better than anyone I've ever known, Jase. That's not the reason. I don't want it to change things between us. I value your friendship more than anything. Out of the seven guys I blew, only two came back for more. The other five pretended they didn't even know my name the next time I saw them. They acted as if I had leprosy. I don't want that to happen with you. And I'm afraid you're not ready for that sort of thing yet. Your friendship means a lot to me."

Jase bucked his hips. "I'm a very strong person. Don't underestimate me. I'll still be your friend tomorrow and I promise I won't pretend I don't know you."

Luis ran his fingers lightly up and down Jase's shaft. His mouth was watering. Jase was the strongest man he'd ever met ... even at eighteen he was stronger than most men at forty. "I'm still not sure."

"It's not like we're gay or anything," Jase said. "It will be our secret. No one else will ever know about it."

Luis had heard lines like this before from other men. They always said the same thing when they were horny and wanted blow jobs. The guy at the Texaco told Luis he wouldn't come in his mouth. But he lied and came anyway. It's a good think Luis liked the taste of come. Someone else might have puked all over his black boots. But Luis knew in his heart he could trust Jase. In many ways, Luis knew Jase better then Jase knew himself because Luis knew Jase's history. It was an advantage Luis didn't want to abuse either.

"Are you sure this won't freak you out?" Luis asked.

Jase bucked his hips. He reached down between his legs and covered Luis's hand with his. He rubbed Luis's knuckles and said, "It won't freak me out, man. I promise."

When Luis finally agreed to go down on him, he crawled between Jase's legs and started sucking the head very slowly with his lips. But this only lasted for a second or two. Jase was young and inexperienced and far too eager to know how to control himself. Jase's body jerked a few times; he grabbed Luis's head with both hands and pushed hard. Jase forced himself to the back of Luis's throat and moaned out loud. Luis remained still, with his cheeks indented and his tongue pressed to the bottom of Jase's shaft. He didn't gag or choke. He sucked hard without moving his head. He took deep breaths through his nose and inhaled as much of Jase's scent as he could get. He wanted Jase to be in complete control; he wanted Jase's first experience with a blow job to be something he would remember with fondness. Luis also wanted it to be the best blow job he'd ever given, so when beastie Betsy Melchiorri offered to do it again ... which Luis knew the bitch would ... Jase would know the difference between good head and bad.

When Luis really started sucking, Jase's head went back and he threw his arms over his head. The blow job didn't last long; Jase didn't have the control yet. But this didn't bother Luis. He sucked hard and never missed a beat. He wrapped his fist around the base of Jase's shaft and stroked and sucked at the same time. In less than ten minutes, Jase's feet were moving around in different directions. And when he came in Luis's mouth, the upper half of his body bolted forward and his legs trembled.

Luis swallowed without losing anything. At one point, while he was sucking the last drops out of Jase, he looked up and gazed into Jase's eyes. Jase was looking down at him in amazement. His face was still red and the vein in his neck was sticking out. But he smiled, which was something Luis hadn't expected. He even reached forward and caressed the top of Luis's head very lightly and said, "That was freaking outrageous. And you have the most penetrating eyes." Then he fell backward and let his entire body relax while Luis finished him off.

Jase went soft inside Luis's mouth. When there was nothing left to suck, Luis got up and went back to his side of the bed without saying a word. He wasn't sure what to say; he waited for Jase to speak. He was hoping what he'd just done hadn't been a huge mistake.

Then Jase punched him in the arm and said, "Hey, you didn't get off, man."

"I'm okay," Luis said. "I don't have to get off all the time." This was true. Luis wasn't one of those gay men who had to come each time he had sex. In fact, there were times when it was more emotionally satisfying for Luis to be completely submissive and not come. Most men didn't get this ... most straight people didn't get this about some gay men. For most men it was about getting off. But for Luis it was more emotional than sexual, and he fulfilled this emotional need ... craving ... by pleasing the man he was with and not pleasing himself all the time.

But Jase didn't seem to understand. "Are you sure? You can jack off now. I don't mind."

Luis smiled and said, "I'm sure. I mean it. But thanks for asking."

Jase shrugged and climbed under the covers. He turned out the light and folded his arms across his chest. "I should be thanking you. That was mind-blowing. The thing you did with your tongue was outrageous. You could give Betsy a few lessons."

Luis turned on his side, pulled the covers up to his chin, and said, "You don't have to thank me. I enjoyed it. And, Betsy can learn how to suck dick on her own."

Jase sighed. "I'll see you in the morning."

"I hope you're not going to get weird on me," Luis said.

"I'm a man now," Jase said. "Give me credit: I take responsibility for everything I do. I'm not going to get weird on you. We had a little fun and that's that." Then he reached over and rubbed Luis's back with a few gentle strokes. He laughed.

"What's so funny?"

"I was just thinking if I was gay, which I'm not, I guess I'd really be lucky right now."

"Why?"

Jase continued to rub him. "Because you really know how to use those sweet lips."

"You're a real charmer, Jase. That's just what I wanted to hear."

"Don't get mad. You know what I mean. I can't help it if I'm not gay. I'll admit I'm kinky. Maybe even a little bi-sexual. But I don't think I'm gay."

Luis had been through this himself once when he'd been younger. And he knew there was nothing he could say or do that would convince Jase he was gay. Gay men, Luis knew, had to come to terms and admit it when they were ready, in their own good time. For some, denial became a way of life and there would be many lost years. And until that day came, which it always did, they would convince themselves they were kinky or slightly bi-sexual, not gay. At least Luis knew there was hope for Jase. "I'm not mad. I like you. Go to bed now."

When Jase touched his back, Luis felt safe and secure. He knew he would taste Jase all night; he would smell Jase's strong scent while he dreamed. He would listen to Jase's light snoring and feel his warm body only inches away and everything in the world would be perfect. And he would take comfort in knowing he'd once again, without even trying to do it, taken Jase Nicholas's virginity.

Chapter Eight

When Isabelle made them breakfast the next morning, she walked around the kitchen in moccasins. She seemed excited; she whistled Mr. Sandman and bounced around with lighter, more vibrant steps. She also wore a beige fringed, beaded blouse with feathers dangling from the shoulders and sides. And Luis couldn't miss the royal blue feather sticking out of her teased blond hair. He wondered if she'd been invited to a costume party.

Luis didn't say anything at first. He figured it was none of his business. Maybe Isabelle had gone through an American Indian fashion trend back in l986 he didn't know about. He's seen her go through a pink sweat suit trend in 2010: she had worn nothing but pink sweat suits for six months.

But when Judah sat down at the kitchen table next to Jase, he glanced over at his wife and started laughing. He slapped the table and shook his head.

Isabelle turned and shot Judah a look, as if she'd been expecting his reaction. "What's so funny?" She seemed prepared to defend her position.

Jase was eating cold cereal and he wasn't paying attention to either of them.

"I see it's that time of the month again," Judah said.

When Luis heard this he dropped his fork and it made a loud clank. He would have assumed Isabelle would be past menstruation by then. The woman was in her seventies in 1986. Everyone looked at Luis at the same time and he lowered his gaze to his plate.

"Don't pay attention to Jase's grandfather, Luis," Isabelle said. "He's only joking around. Once a month, when the moon and stars are in just the right position, I go outside and meditate in a quiet place in the woods. I like to become one with my ancestors. They were Native American."

Judah laughed. "If you have one drop of Native American in you it's a miracle."

Isabelle turned fast. She waved a spatula at Judah and said, "I'll have you know that I come from a long line of Native Americans on my mother's side. You're jealous because you staunch, conservative Nicholases all come from England." She looked at Luis as if they shared something in common, possibly because they were both outsiders in the Nicholas family. "I found out about it when I met a long lost cousin a few years back. I never knew."

Luis looked up with wide eyes. He'd always been fascinated by Native Americans. "I have Native American in me, too. Do you know what kind of Native Americans you come from?"

Jase and his grandfather exchanged glances and rolled their eyes.

"Haida," Isabelle said. "At least that's what my third cousin said."

Judah smiled and said, "Luis, ask my wife if that's an authentic Haida costume she's wearing. She bought it in a tourist shop when we went to Arizona three years ago."

Luis looked at Jase with a blank expression. He had a feeling Judah was setting him up. He didn't know an authentic Haida costume from a Sioux costume.

Jase shrugged and said, "Don't even try to understand them, Luis. It's not possible. They argue about these things all the time. It's what keeps them going. I remember they once argued about the differences between green trash bags and white trash bags for three days."

Isabelle slammed the spatula on the counter. "Green ones are better."

Judah didn't look up. But he said, "White ones are stronger."

Jase smiled. "You see what I mean."

"My costume doesn't have to be authentic," Isabelle said. She pointed the spatula at Judah again. "I only wear the costume to get into the mood and everything. It's only for effect. It makes me feel centered and grounded and at one with the earth. I feel more at one with my spiritual ancestors, too."

"I can understand," Luis said. "I slept with a dream catcher over my bed for years."

Jase smiled. "Maybe you should join my grandmother in the woods then. The two of you can have a pow wow."

Luis didn't reply. He noticed a smug tone in Jase's voice and he didn't want to get mad at him in front of his grandparents. It was the same tone Luis would notice in years to come whenever he lectured Jase about eating the right foods or opening up to something spiritual.

Judah swallowed his coffee fast and stood up. He crossed to where Isabelle was frying bacon and kissed her goodbye. "I have to run, baby. I have an early meeting with a board member this morning. I'll see you later." Then he kissed her again and patted her behind as if they'd never argued at all.

Luis smiled. Watching the way Isabelle and Judah communicated and joked around tugged at his heart. He glanced over at Jase and said, "They are adorable. I've never seen two people more in love."

Jase grunted and swallowed his cereal. With a deadpan voice, he said, "Yeah, I'm warm and fuzzy all over."

Luis rolled his eyes. Jase, the consummate pragmatist, would never be the sensitive romantic type. He was more the take charge and do it his way or no way type.

On his way out, Judah asked Luis, "How's the job going, son?"

"It's excellent, Mr. Nicholas," Luis said. "I can't thank you enough for helping me get it. I'll pay you back the advance you gave me as soon as I get my first paycheck."

Judah patted Luis on the shoulder. "I'm glad it's working out." Then he bent down and kissed Jase on the cheek. "I'll see you boys at dinner tonight. Good luck with the math test, Jase."

"Thanks, gramps," Jase said.

About an hour later, Jase's Grand National screeched to a halt in the high school parking lot. Luis unbuckled his seatbelt and opened the door. They hadn't spoken about anything that had happened between them the night before, especially not the blow job. Jase woke up before Luis that morning and he was already showered and dressed by the time Luis opened his eyes. As he opened the bedroom door to go downstairs, he pointed to a few clothes at the foot of the bed and said, "I left those things out for you. You can wear them to work today if you want so you don't have to walk around half naked again."

Luis showered and put on Jase's clothes. Jase left him a dark gray sweat shirt, a pair of jeans, and black briefs. He'd even remembered to leave out sweat socks and a pair of his high tops. When Luis was dressed, he noticed Jase's clothes were a little bigger on him than they were on Jase. The pants bagged in the seat and the sweat shirt covered Luis's ass. But Luis loved wearing Jase's clothes. He loved the feel of them, the smell of them, and the comfort they gave him.

When Jase switched off the engine and opened his door to get out of the car, he said, "The clothes fit okay on you. You look good. Those other jeans your wear are too tight in the ass. People stare."

Luis shrugged. "Thanks for leaving them out for me. I appreciate it."

Jase laughed. "Now you can keep your shirt on all day. I'll see you back here, same time as yesterday." Then he climbed out of the car and left Luis sitting there all by himself.

Luis's job was to trim the weeds outside in the athletic fields with a gas powered weed trimmer. He spent most of the morning trimming around the football field. He thought about what had happened with Jase the night before and wondered how Jase was feeling about it today. At least Jase hadn't totally ignored him at breakfast. He didn't seem to be nervous or traumatized. If anything, Jase seemed more relaxed and easier to be around since Luis's blow job. He was perfectly normal that morning and he drove a little slower than he usually did.

At lunchtime, Luis picked up a bag of pretzels from a vending machine in the school cafeteria. He didn't want to eat a full lunch; he'd been eating so much at breakfast and dinner thanks to Isabelle he didn't want to get fat. On his way outside, he saw Jase sitting at a round table in an outdoor eating area off the cafeteria. Jase was sitting with Betsy Melchiorri and a few other friends Luis didn't know. When he passed by, Jase didn't even look up at him. Luis knew Jase saw him. He noticed the way Jase turned his head and looked down too fast. It made Luis want to walk over and slap Jase in the face, and then push Betsy Melchiorri down on the grass. He knew it was wrong to feel this way. He knew what had happened with Jase the night before wasn't going to lead to anything more than a quick, kinky blow job while they were both stoned. But when Jase turned his head and ignored Luis on purpose, it caused a sting in Luis's chest that lingered for a long time.

That's why Luis stopped short when he ran into Ashton Krause at the other end of the outdoor seating area. Ashton was sitting alone at a huge table while all the other students were huddled in groups, laughing and joking around with each other. Ashton's head was buried in a thick text book and he was eating a grape jelly sandwich on white bread while he read. There was so much grape jelly in the sandwich the purple bled through the top of the white bred. Luis wondered if Ashton had been openly gay in high school. But this wasn't why Luis was interested in talking to Ashton.

Luis remembered overhearing Ashton had invented medical equipment to help people with cancer. Ashton was smart and he had one of those scientific minds. He would one day write text books, he would live in the Silicon Valley with all the tech geniuses; he would become a very wealthy, famous man. And Luis was hoping Ashton might help him get back to his real life so he wouldn't have to suffer Jase's rejection any longer than he had to. The novelty of meeting Jase as a young man was beginning to wear off and the reality Jase wouldn't admit he was gay until many years later was starting to frighten Luis. When he thought about being trapped in 1986 forever, his heart raced. He missed his life; he missed the family he'd built, he missed his little dog, Camp, and he missed being married to the older version of Jase. He didn't belong here; it was wrong.

Luis approached Ashton with trepidation. He didn't want to startle him in the middle of reading something important. He wasn't sure what he was going to say. "Excuse me. I was wondering if I could talk to you about something. My name is Luis Fortune. I'm working here at the school for a while to make some extra money."

Ashton closed the book and stood up. He wore a black sweater vest, a gray plaid short sleeve button down shirt, and sagging jeans. No one wore sweater vests in 1986, at least not to high school. His shoes were penny loafers, his socks pure white. In spite of the geeky, dated look, he wasn't a bad looking guy. He had a nice slim body and thick curly hair. Luis didn't have any problems visualizing him as the handsome gay man in his forties he would one day be.

"I'm on my way to class," Ashton said. He looked back and forth fast, as if someone were following him. And he avoided eye contact at all cost.

Luis wasn't shy when it came to some things; he wasn't afraid to flirt to get what he wanted. He reached for Ashton's arm and stroked it gently. "I really need to talk to you about something. I've heard you're very smart. I know your name is Ashton. Maybe we can meet up later today." Since Ashton wasn't going to introduce himself to Luis, he decided to do it for him.

Ashton pulled his arm back fast. "I'm really busy all day." He almost seemed afraid to talk to Luis.

This didn't stop Luis. He grabbed Ashton's arm again and said, "Please, can't you make some time. It's very important."

Ashton sighed and his shoulders slumped. "I'll be in the labs around four o'clock. I'm working on something I'm hoping might change the world. You can come by then."

Luis grabbed him and hugged him. Ashton dropped the books. "Thank you so much. I'll be there on time." He was amazed at the way they all wanted to change the world. Luis had always thought getting through each day unscathed was a success.

"I have to go now," Ashton said. He bent down, picked up his books, and practically ran into the school without looking back.

Luis stood there smiling. He felt as if he finally had some hope. But as he turned, he saw Jase watching at him from the other side of the outdoor eating area. Betsy Melchiorri was talking to Jase but he wasn't paying attention to her. He sat there glaring at Luis, with his fists clenched and his jaw set forward, as if Luis had committed a crime.

Without even nodding, Luis turned and headed back to the outbuilding where they kept all the landscaping tools. He had a feeling Jase's eyes were on his back the entire time. It wasn't until he rounded a corner and was out of Jase's sight when he took a long, deep breath. When Luis was in high school, he'd always avoided this kind of adolescent drama. He definitely wasn't going to deal with it at this stage in his life, not even if they all thought he was only eighteen years old.

* * * *

By noon hour, Luis was sweating so much he felt like jumping into ugly the school fountain with the big moose statue that had water flowing from its mouth. The long, heavy gray sweatshirt stifled him to the point of exhaustion. The unusual June heat wave passing through Alaska wasn't as bad as anything he'd suffered through living in Tennessee. But he was working outside, trimming weeds with a heavy gas powered weed trimmer. And the sweat shirt Jase had given him was causing him to perspire even more.

So Luis removed the sweat shirt and set it down on the bleachers. He went back to work trimming the weeds and forgot all about being shirtless. It wasn't until the cheerleaders started practicing he even gave it a second thought. He noticed them looking in his direction, murmuring and giggling to each other. It was three o'clock by then and school had been dismissed. Luis hadn't been paying attention; the weed trimmer was loud and he'd drifted off into a daze. He wouldn't have noticed anything around him if the weed trimmer hadn't run out of gas and conked out in the middle of a thick clump of sticker brush.

When the noise stopped, Luis heard the cheerleaders shouting. He saw them bouncing up and down with pom poms while a group of football players sat on the bleachers and watched. They must have been taking more photos because they were all in football gear, which seemed strange to see at that time of year. Betsy Melchiorri was one of the cheerleaders. She was bottom heavy and the short cheerleader skirt had been a mistake. Jase was one of the football players sitting in the bleachers. He sat with his buddies, laughing and joking around while the girls practiced their cheers. Luis had a feeling they were talking dirty and making rude comments about the cheerleaders. The cheerleaders knew it and they loved every ounce of attention. So Luis turned and headed back to the outbuilding for more gasoline.

In order to get back to the outbuilding, Luis had to either cut across the lawn or walk past the football players in the bleachers. He was tired and hot. He didn't feel like walking more than he had to. But he also knew if he walked by Jase shirtless, Jase would get mad and give him a dirty look. Jase wouldn't say or do anything in front of his buddies. But he'd give Luis hell later that afternoon. The mature adult decision would have been to cross the lawn and avoid Jase altogether. What Jase didn't know wouldn't hurt him. Jase probably hadn't seen him yet and he could avoid trouble. But Luis decided to take the immature approach and lope by Jase and his buddies, shirtless.

When Luis approached the cheerleaders, Jase glanced in his direction at the exact same moment Alec Stark jogged down the track. Luis ignored Jase, but he stopped and waited for Alec to come up to him. Alec was wearing short running pants and a skimpy black tank top. His hairy, muscular legs were shiny with perspiration and he wasn't wearing a jock strap because his junk was moving around in all directions. From what Luis could tell, Alec had one of those thick, meaty cocks with a big head. The outline of his dick was so obvious, and everything in his pants was bouncing around so much, one of the cheerleaders lost her balance and fell on top of her pom poms.

Alec didn't come to a full stop. Luis ran every morning himself; he knew Alec wouldn't. He just slowed down a little. As he passed Luis, he smiled and nodded. Then he gazed at Luis's naked torso and bit his bottom lip. "You wanna go for a hike with me sometime?" he asked.

Luis knew Alec was flirting. He could tell by the way Alec stared at him with those dark, dreamy, glazed eyes. He also knew Jase was watching all this from the bleachers. So Luis decided to have a little fun. Jase wasn't the only one who could flirt and make eyes at bottom heavy Betsy Melchiorri. Luis smiled at Alec and took a long look at what was bouncing up and down between Alec's legs. He did this intentionally, so Alec would know he was staring at his dick and he didn't care what Jase thought about it. "I'd love to go for a hike. Just let me know when."

Alec scratched his stomach and continued jogging. He moved with the kind of ease and grace that goes hand in hand with youth. When Luis replied about hiking, he looked over his shoulder and said, "I'll get back to you. Maybe we can do it tomorrow sometime, or this weekend?"

Luis lifted his voice; he hoped Jase would hear him. "I'd like that."

When Luis turned so he could return to the outbuilding, he didn't look at Jase or anyone else. He walked past the football players and the cheerleaders with his back squared and his head held high. He had a feeling they were all staring at him, not just Jase. The baggy pants Jase had given him that morning had slipped down his waist and two inches of Jase's black briefs were showing now. Luis didn't care. He continued walking. And he didn't stop until he reached the outbuilding and he felt a hand press into the small of his back.

Luis turned fast. Jase shoved him into the outbuilding and pushed him into a dark corner next to a tall metal cabinet filled with gardening tools.

"What are you doing?" Luis asked. "Let go of me."

"I thought you said you were going to keep the shirt on today," Jase said. He leaned forward; his right hand was on Luis's shoulder now; they were face to face.

Luis made an attempt to move, but Jase was too strong. "Let go of me," he said. "I have to finish the trimming. I have work to do, asshole."

"Why did you take off the shirt I gave you?"

Luis didn't think this was any of his business. But he saw the thick vein popping out of Jase's neck and decided it would be smarter to answer him. He didn't want to stress the guy out too much. "I was hot. I couldn't stand it. I was ready to pass out."

"I saw the way you looked at Alec," He said.

"That's none of our business," Luis said. Then he added, "And I see the way you look at beastie Betsy Melchiorri."

Jase looked down. He frowned at the way Luis's pants were down low on his waist and his underwear was showing. "You need to pull up those pants and put that shirt back on. You look trashy."

Luis blinked. "And you need to mind your own business. You're not the boss of me."

Jase made a fist and punched the door.

Luis jumped and said, "You're starting to scare me."

Jase took a deep breath and ran his fingers through his hair. He exhaled and said, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. It's just that I didn't like the way Alec was looking at you. And I saw a couple of guys I was sitting with stare at you when you walked by just now."

"You're being paranoid now," Luis said. "Those guys weren't looking at me. They were looking at the cheerleaders."

"I know what I saw."

Luis slowly reached up and rested his palms on Jase's shoulders. He was wearing those big, bulky football gear shoulder pads and Luis had always wondered what it was like to touch them. He tried to push Jase backward very gently. But Jase wouldn't move an inch. Instead, he moved forward, pinned Luis into the corner, and kissed him on the mouth. This wasn't an ordinary kiss either. Jase shoved his tongue so far into Luis's mouth their teeth smacked together.

Luis stopped pushing and started squeezing Jase's shoulder pads. He sank into the wall and closed his eyes. Then he ran his right hand across Jase's neck and up through the back of his head. Jase was also wearing one of those plastic athletic cups. Luis felt it press into his groin while Jase kissed him. He spread his legs and submitted to Jase completely. At one point, Jase reached down, shoved his hand into Luis's pants, and squeezed Luis's ass. He squeezed so hard the button on Luis's jeans popped open and the baggy jeans slid down Luis's legs and rested on his knees. Then Jase pulled Luis's underwear down and slapped his ass as hard as he could. Luis thought Jase was going to fuck him right there in the outbuilding. Without lube or a condom. He was ready to turn around and bend over the riding lawn mower.

But then a truck pulled up to the building next to this one and Jase stepped back fast. Luis pulled up his pants and wiped his lips. Jase adjusted the plastic cup and straightened his football pants. A minute later, the guys in the next building climbed back into the truck and pulled away.

"That was a close call," Luis said. He reached down and grabbed the plastic cup between Jase's legs. He'd always wanted to feel one of those things, too. "We could have gotten into a lot of trouble. We have to stay away from each other from now on, Jase." He didn't even want to think about what could have happened. Something like this could have ruined Jase's life. And Luis didn't want to be responsible for that.

Jase punched the wall again. "I know. It's just when I saw the way Alec was looking at you I got a little crazy. It was wrong. I have no right to behave this way, especially since I'm not even gay. I just wish you were a woman. That would make it all better."

Luis clenched his fists this time. Another guy had once said the very same thing to him; he'd never forgotten it. For Luis, this was the highest form of insult any man could make to a gay man. "I'm not a woman. I'm a man and I'm proud to be a man. And, just so you know, I don't want to be a woman."

Jase rolled his eyes. "Don't get so emotional. I didn't mean it as an insult."

"It is an insult," Luis said.

"Okay, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said it." He looked up, let out an exasperated sigh, and said, "I'm not sure what I'm saying anymore."

"You said you didn't like the way Alec looked at me," Luis said. "You said it made you crazy." He was thinking about the way Betsy looked at Jase and how crazy it made him feel. Evidently, this didn't seem to matter to Jase.

"Yes," Jase said. "It makes me crazy. Alec is a pervert. He's only interested in getting into your pants. He's the one you have to stay away from, not me."

Luis thought for a moment. He felt a sting in his eye and swallowed back. "Good," he said. "I'm glad you feel that way. Now you know exactly how I feel when Betsy looks at you." Then he sidled past Jase, grabbed the weed trimmer and a small can of gasoline, and left him standing in the outbuilding alone.

Chapter Nine

When Luis walked into the chemistry lab at four o'clock, he found Ashton hunched over a Bunsen burner whispering something incoherent. He seemed deep in thought; he didn't look up to see who had entered. He was wearing a thick pair of reading glasses, with heavy black trim and a piece of white surgical tape holding one arm to the lenses. His gray plaid shirt seemed to have even more wrinkles and his jeans were hanging below his waist. Luis cleared his throat and said, "I hope I'm not interrupting you, Ashton."

Ashton's body jerked with a start and he knocked over a beaker. He caught it fast, before it could fall to the floor and crashed into a thousand little pieces. When he set it on the counter and looked up at Luis, his hands looked a little shaky. "No, you're not interrupting me. I've been waiting for you. I was working on something that involves volume and mass. It's somewhat complicated; I've been working on for a while."

Luis crossed to where he was standing. Though Luis knew nothing about chemistry or volume or mass, he did know how to get what he wanted from a man like Ashton. And the best way to do that was to pretend to be stupid and build the guy's ego. It never failed. "That sounds fascinating," Luis said. "I'm such an idiot when it comes to these things. I wish I could be half as smart as guys like you."

Ashton squared his back and smiled. His face seemed to light up instantly, as if he was starved for attention. "I'll explain more about it if you're interested."

Luis moved in closer. The last thing he wanted to hear about was a complicated study on volume and mass. It would do nothing to improve the quality of his life. In fact, most of what he'd learned in high school had always seemed so pointless. He rubbed up against Ashton's arm and spoke in his lowest, softest voice. "I'd love that. Please, tell me more about what you're doing."

This was all Ashton needed to hear. He dove right into a twenty minute dissertation about his new theory and only paused to take a quick breath every once in a while. Luis sat down on a lab stool and rested his elbow on the counter. Then he set his jaw in his palm and gazed up at Ashton with his undivided attention. He nodded yes, as if he understood every word Ashton used. He agreed with everything Ashton said and continued to tell him how amazing and smart he was.

At the end of the little speech, Luis even reached out, grabbed Ashton's wrist, and said, "I find it refreshing a guy as nice looking as you are is so smart, too. It's a rare combination." He had to be careful how he phrased this; he wasn't certain about whether or not Ashton was comfortable being gay.

But Ashton cleared all the confusion up fast. Without being too obvious, he turned away, stared down at his gum-soled shoes, and said, "Let's not kid ourselves, Luis. Guy's like us aren't taken seriously, if you know what I mean, and I think you do. It's always been important for me to be smarter, study harder, and excel more than other guys my age. I don't want to be labeled and I don't want to be a stereotype. In other words, my goal isn't to become a florist or an interior designer. I really do want to help change the world. And I can tell by looking into your eyes you understand. We don't have much in common, but we have that much." Then he turned and flung a serious look in Luis's direction.

Luis smiled. "I know exactly what you mean. You're right, we shouldn't kid ourselves. I can see it in your eyes, too. And I don't think you should worry."

"Why?" Ashton didn't seem convinced.

"I have a feeling you will change the world one day, and all the things you're worried about now won't matter much in the future. You're going to look back on high school as if it were a bad dream. And I think, if nothing else, it's the best thing most of us can hope for in our futures."

Ashton smiled so wide the dimples in his cheeks became lines. "What is it you wanted to talk to me about?"

Luis took deep breath. He waited, thought about how he would phrase his next sentence, and then exhaled. "I've been wondering about time travel. I figured since you're so smart you might know something about it."

When Ashton heard this, his entire body seemed to lift. He smiled and started talking about his personal beliefs with regard to time travel. He talked about science fiction novels he'd read, always emphasizing he believed they were always on the border of fiction and reality. He seemed so mesmerized by the romantic aspects of the subject he talked longer about time travel than he did about his experiment with volume and mass.

Luis got lost halfway through his lecture. He continued to smile; he continued to gaze deeply into Ashton's eyes. But he had a feeling he wasn't going to get very far with Ashton. Though he was intelligent, he didn't seem very practical. He reminded Luis of the kind of guy who would tell you all about the history of the automobile if you asked him how to fix a flat tire. Luis had friends like this in the future. His best friend, Hillary, was one of the most pedantic women he'd ever met. He loved her dearly. But the last time he asked her about her new e-reader and she went into a long speech about all the technical aspects of digital reading he almost yawned in her face and went back to reading print books. All Luis wanted to know was how to turn the e-reader on and press a button to buy a book; just like the only thing he wanted to know about a car was how to start it and drive it. He didn't care about how it was made or how it worked. Right now, all he wanted to do was get back to his life and his family.

When Ashton finished speaking, Luis stood up and walked toward a long row of windows on the other side of the lab. "So you're saying time travel is, indeed, possible?" He honestly wasn't sure after that long-winded speech.

"I believe in frequencies," Ashton said. "I believe that sometimes these frequencies overlap and people can get caught up in them. And when there are overlapping frequencies, there has to be time travel. It only stands to reason."

It didn't make an ounce of sense to Luis. But Luis ran over to Ashton and hugged him. He smiled and jumped up and down. "I was hoping you'd get it. I was hoping you'd understand."

Ashton quirked his eyebrows and shrugged. "But I'm not sure I do understand. I was only talking about my beliefs. I'm not sure there's any scientific data to back me up. In fact, most people would think I'm a little loony for even suggesting it."

"You're not loony," Luis said. "You're a genius." He reached down and grabbed Ashton's hands. He lowered his voice and glanced deeply into his eyes. "I'm going to tell you something you can't repeat. I need to know I can trust you completely."

Ashton tilted his head. "This sounds serious."

Luis looked back and forth to be sure no one else was listening. Then he leaned in closer and said, "I come from the year 2011. I have somehow been transported back to l986 and I'm not sure how I got here. All I want to do is go back home, to my real life. And I'm hoping you can help me do this."

Ashton's eyes grew wider. He jumped back and scowled at Luis. "I thought you were different from the rest of these assholes. I thought I could trust you and confide in you. But you're like all the rest. You're only interested in making fun of the geeky queer kid who doesn't date, play sports, or ride around in cars with other guys drinking beer. Fuck you, asshole." Then he turned and started toward the door.

"Wait," Luis said. "I can prove it." He ran up to Ashton and took his arm. "I know all about your plans to help change the world. I know how deeply you feel about cancer because your mother was diagnosed with cancer. One day you're going to invent medical equipment that will change the way we look at cancer and many other things. I don't know the details. I'm not smart enough to know things like that. But you're going to help millions of people and you are going to help change the world."

Ashton turned around and faced him. His expression fell; his mouth was slightly open. "How did you know that? Very few people know about my mother. We haven't told anyone yet."

Luis decided not to tell him about his mother's death. It would have been cruel. But he had to say something solid to get Ashton to believe him. "I read about you in a magazine in the future. You're also going to be an extremely wealthy, respected man. And you're going to be openly gay and proud of it."

This time Ashton laughed. "Oh, you almost had me. I almost believed you. But you should have left the part out about being a proud openly gay man, because I don't see that happening any time soon. Especially not now with AIDS. I'll be lucky if I'm alive ten years from now ... unless I decide to be a monk."

"No," Luis said, "I promise you. It's not like that. There will be new drugs developed and people who are exposed to AIDS will be able to take these new drugs and live with it like a chronic illness. Gay people will be allowed to get married in some states. They will even let gay men and women serve openly in the military."

"I'm starting to think you're nuts," Ashton said. "I know nothing about you, where you came from, or who you are. This is absurd."

Luis refused to quit. He looked deeply into his eyes. "I'm not joking about this. I'll tell you one more thing, too. The entire world will be different in 2011. People will be reading books on computers and everything will be digital. Buy as much stock in computer technology as you can right now, especially Apple. You'll thank me for it later."

After that, Luis and Ashton sat down and talked more about the future. Luis told Ashton things that made him clutch the counter. When Luis talked about the Internet and explained how it would change the world, Ashton gaped at him with wide eyes. When he talked about how newspapers and magazines would one day go out of business because everyone would read digital print on computerized devices, he almost lost his balance and fell sideways. And when he said that one day America would have a President of African descent, he stared at Luis in amazement without blinking.

"You mean Ronald Reagan won't be President forever?" Ashton asked, with a wry, sarcastic tone. "It seems so dismal now. I've been worried the moral majority is going to take over the world and we'll all have to fall in line and submit to them."

Luis laughed. "Politics isn't going to get easier in the future, not by any means. In fact, it's going to become more brutal than ever before. But I can tell you this, Ronald Reagan will not be President forever and the moral majority will not take over the world." He decided not to go into details about future politics. Ashton could learn about that on his own.

When it was time for Luis to leave, Ashton promised he'd keep his secret and said he'd try to figure out a way to help Luis get back to the year 2011. Luis hugged him before he left the lab and said he'd wait to hear from him. Then Luis jogged out to the parking lot to meet Jase, hoping Jase would still be there. It was after five and Luis knew how much Jase hated to be kept waiting.

Jase's car was one of the few remaining in the student parking lot. Jase was leaning against the passenger door with his arms folded, tapping his foot on the pavement. When he saw Luis running toward him, he shoved his hands into his pockets and said, "Where were you? I've been waiting. You're always late. I think when a person says they will be somewhere at a certain time, they should be there."

Luis was out of breath. He stopped, took a few deep breaths, and said, "I was talking to Ashton in the science labs. It was kind of important. I'm sorry I'm late."

"What were you talking about with Ashton?" His eyebrows remained furrowed and his lips pinched together.

"Just something I had a question about," Luis said. "It's not important. Besides, I wasn't even sure you'd be here after what happened this afternoon."

Jase seemed confused. "Why wouldn't I be here?"

"I thought you might want to avoid me."

"Well, I'm here aren't I? I'm not avoiding you."

Luis smiled. "I see."

"I'd stay away from guys like Ashton if I were you."

Luis tilted his head to the side. "Why?"

"Because I've heard rumors about him, that's why. A lot of people think he might be gay."

"You said the same thing about Alec."

"I'm only offering you advice."

Luis remained expressionless. "So you think people will start to think I'm gay if I'm seen with Ashton or Alec."

Jase took a deep breath and sighed. He ran his fingers through his hair and opened the car door for Luis. "I don't know what I think anymore. Let's go home. You're the most confusing guy I've ever met. I have to get ready for a ceremony tonight."

It was Friday night and the end of the school year was approaching. Luis had overheard a few students talking about a ceremony. It was some kind of awards ceremony the school held every year at graduation time. He could see how rattled Jase became when he talked about anything involving being gay. He didn't want to push him too far. So he smiled and got into the car without saying a word.

At dinner, Isabelle asked Jase what time they had to leave for the award ceremony. Isabelle and Judah would be there representing Barry and Mary because they were on vacation. Evidently, Isabelle thought they were all going over to the high school together.

Jase swallowed a huge mouthful of roast pork and said, "You guys have to be there by eight o'clock. I'm leaving earlier. I have to pick up a buddy and his girlfriend. And then I'm picking up Betsy Melchiorri. We're all going over in my car because we might do something afterward. Maybe go out for something to eat and hang out for a while."

Luis didn't say anything. He continued to eat without looking up from his plate.

Isabelle sat back and squinted. "You're dating that Melchiorri girl. Isn't she the one with big legs and that awful frizzy hair?"

Judah laughed so hard he dropped his fork.

Luis tried not to smile too much.

Jase said, "She's a very nice girl, gram. And it's not like we're engaged to be married. I'm taking her out tonight, is all. Give me a break already."

Isabelle laughed and lifted her hands in surrender. "I was curious. I didn't mean anything by it." Then she turned to Luis and said, "You can come with us, dear. We can all sit together during the ceremony."

This was news to Luis. He hadn't planned on going to the ceremony at all. He swallowed and said, "I think I'll stay home tonight with Millie and Mollie if that's okay with you. I'm not really part of anything."

"Nonsense," Isabelle said, "I'm not going to let you stay home all night alone while everyone is out having fun. You might meet up with some of the people at school and go out with them. You're coming with us and that's that. Right Jase?"

Jase shrugged. He didn't look at Luis and he didn't offer to take Luis in his car. "Whatever you say, gram." He glanced in Luis's direction. "It's up to Luis, not me."

When Luis saw the way Jase looked at him, with such a carefree attitude, Luis turned to Isabelle and said, "I'd love to come with you. As a matter of fact I told a guy at school I might see him there tonight. His name is Alec Stark." He knew this would piss Jase off.

Jase frowned. "Alec?"

Luis didn't look at Jase. He continued speaking to Isabelle. "Alec seems like a nice guy. He said he'd take me hiking in the woods."

Isabelle smiled, as if she felt sorry for Luis because Jase hadn't offered to take him in his car. She seemed to sense Jase was purposely leaving Luis out. "I know Alec. I know his family. They are fine people. I'm glad you're making friends, Luis." Then she sent Jase a serious glare, as if she wanted to smack him in the back of the head for being so rude and clueless.

Jase rolled his eyes and sank into his shoulders. But he didn't change his mind about taking Luis with him that night.

Chapter Ten

Luis rode in the backseat of the Jeep Wrangler and Isabelle sat up front. Judah drove them to the high school and Luis couldn't stop smiling all the way over. The only way Luis had ever known this Jeep was with faded, chipped leather seats and worn out carpet. But in 1986 the leather seats were still new and shiny and the carpet was clean and fresh.

At the ceremony, the first thing the principal did was stand up and lead everyone in two verses of The National Anthem. Luis hadn't sung The National Anthem in so long he couldn't wait to place his hand over his heart and belt out the notes. While everyone else watched Luis with bewildered stares, Luis lifted his chin and sang each note as if he were doing a solo. He was one of the few there who actually knew the second verse of The National Anthem. And when he started in with the third verse and sang, "And where is that band who so vauntingly swore ... , " Isabelle grabbed his wrist and said, "I think we're finished, dear."

Jase sat with his friends on the other side of the auditorium and Luis sat with Isabelle and Judah. But Luis applauded each time Jase's name was called and he won an award ... three times altogether: one for athletic achievements, one for student government and leadership abilities, and another for academic excellence. Even though Jase was purposely ignoring him, Luis was thrilled for Jase and he wanted to show it.

When the awards were over, Luis went over to Jase, with Isabelle and Judah, and shook his hand. He congratulated him and thanked him again for all the help he'd given him in the past week. Of course Betsy Melchiorri was hanging all over Jase, chewing gum, smacking her lips like a donkey. She had one arm around Jase's waist and the other glued to his shoulder, as if she were hanging on for dear life. Luis ignored her completely. He felt like kicking her in the ass. But he knew that would have been pointless.

Isabelle wasn't as kind. Luis knew by the way Isabelle looked Betsy up and down she wasn't fond of her. She marched up to Jase, shoved Betsy out of the way, and gave him a huge hug and kiss on the cheek. "I'm so proud of you, Jase. I can't wait to tell your mother and father all about it. They're going to be so sorry they weren't here."

Betsy didn't like the way Isabelle shoved her aside. So when Isabelle stepped back, she grabbed Jase's shoulder again and turned her back on Isabelle. "Let's go now, baby," she said. "We told the others we'd meet them." She didn't way where they were going or what they were going to do.

Luis stood back and watched Isabelle. The way Betsy had turned her back on the older woman was a rude show of disrespect. Isabelle's purse was looped through her right arm and her fists were clenched against her stomach. At one point, Luis was worried Isabelle might swing her purse and hit Betsy over the head with it.

But Isabelle handled it in a different way. She glared at Betsy for a second, and then smiled and said, "Betsy, I love your hair." Then she looked at Luis and winked. "It's so interesting."

Luis covered his mouth and looked down so no one would see his smile. He knew when Isabelle was being a bitch. Betsy's hair was hideous, which is why Isabelle had winked at Luis. Betsy had gone to the hair salon that afternoon and they'd given her a tight permanent that made her hair even frizzier. And they cut it into one of those dramatic mullets that were so popular in the 1980's. It was dramatically short on the sides, exposing her large ears. And long and frizzy in the back, well below her shoulders. And on top, right above Betsy's high forehead, there was this tall wave of frozen hair that had been blasted with so much hair spray it stuck up straight and didn't move.

Betsy rolled her eyes at Isabelle and said, "Thanks, hon. I just got it done." Then she went back to chewing her gum.

Before Isabelle could reply, Alec walked up to Luis and said, "I wasn't sure you'd be here tonight." Then he turned to Isabelle and Judah and shook their hands. "It's nice to see you, Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas."

"Congratulations on your athletic award, Alec," Isabelle said. "I was just talking about you with your mother the other day. We ran into each other at the market. Is she here tonight, dear?"

Alec smiled and gestured to the other side of the auditorium. "She's over there with my dad. I think they're talking to the mayor."

Betsy tugged on Jase's arm. She ignored Alec completely. "C'mon, we need to get moving."

Isabelle glared at the insulting girl again. She bit her bottom lip.

Alec turned to Luis and asked, "Would you like to hang out for a while? I'll show you where I like to hike on weekends." He looked at Isabelle. "We won't be out late, Mrs. Nicholas."

Isabelle smiled. "Tomorrow is Saturday. I don't see anything wrong with that. Do you Judah?"

Judah shrugged. "We always leave the back door open, Luis. Have fun. I know Alec is a good kid. You're in good hands with him."

Luis hesitated. He smiled at Alec. "I'm not sure. I'm a guest and I don't want to stay out late. I think I should go home with Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas. But thanks for asking."

Without being asked, Jase jumped right into the conversation and said, "I think that's a good idea. After all, Luis doesn't know the area very well. He should probably go home."

Betsy rolled her eyes; she didn't seem to care where Luis went or what he did, and she seemed to resent the fact that Jase did.

Luis sent Jase a glance. He smiled at Jase and spoke to Alec. "On second thought, I'd like to check out the hiking area tonight. As long as we're home before eleven o'clock."

Alec smiled. "No problem. Let me go tell my folks where I'm going and I'll be right back. Wait here."

When Alec left, he took Isabelle and Judah with him. They wanted to say hello to Alec's parents. This left Luis standing with Jase and Betsy and he wasn't sure what to say or do. Betsy was still hanging on Jase's arm, pressuring him to leave. He finally jerked away from her, with his eyebrows pointed down, and said, "You go outside and I'll be right there, Betsy. I have to go to the bathroom."

Betsy kissed him on the cheek. "Okay, but don't be long." She turned her back on Luis and walked out to the main lobby without saying good-bye.

That's when Jase grabbed Luis by the arm and asked, "What on earth are you doing? You're going into the woods with Alec fucking Stark?"

Luis jerked away from him and shrugged. "I don't know what you're talking about." He knew; he wasn't going to admit he knew.

"I'm talking about you riding around with Alec, a perfect stranger," Jase said. "I told you I don't trust him."

"Your grandparents seem to think he's a nice guy," Luis said. "And I think he's nice guy. I don't know why you're getting so upset. And, you're a perfect stranger."

Jase clenched his fists and bit his bottom lip. "I'm not a perfect stranger, especially not after what you did to me last night." The perfect stranger comment seemed to make the vein in his neck pop out. He took a quick breath, as if it were painful to control his voice, and said, "My grandparents don't know Alec at all. They don't understand these things. He's creepy, always wearing those black turtle necks and tight black pants. He looks like he should be living in Greenwich Village instead of Alaska. I think you should go home. Shit, Luis, he rides a motorcycle. It's not safe."

Luis saw Alec returning. Before he turned to join Alec, he smiled at Jase and said, "And I don't think it's any of your business. I like motorcycles. I'll see you later tonight. Have fun with Betsy and her new haircut." Then he left Jase standing there alone without giving him a backward glance.

* * * *

When Luis and Alec were out in the parking lot, they climbed onto Alec's shiny black and chrome bike and Alec gave Luis his helmet. Luis wasn't sure about this; there was only one helmet. He didn't think it was safe for Alec to ride without a helmet.

Alec assured Luis he wouldn't drive fast. "I'm fine, really. And we're not going that far. Besides, it makes me feel dangerous and reckless, even though I'm just a high school kid."

Luis could see Alec wasn't going to relent, so he put on the helmet and reached back for the bar behind the seat for balance. He still wasn't thrilled about Alec not wearing a helmet, but this was before helmets were seriously being enforced and he figured he'd sound silly if he pursued the issue. He also hadn't been on a motorcycle in a long time. He didn't want to look like an idiot, so he tried hard to act cool, as if he knew exactly what he was doing.

Before Alec started the engine, he turned halfway around and said, "I think you should put your arms around me to be safe."

Luis wasn't certain how to reply. He had a feeling Alec was more worried about getting off that night than his safety. "Are you sure? If anyone sees us they will think it looks gay."

Alec shrugged. "I couldn't care less what anyone in this school thinks. I'll be graduated and out of here not long from now. Put your arms around me and hold on as tight as you can."

Luis had never been fond of holding the flimsy bar behind the seat. So he wrapped his arms around Alec's waist and said, "Are you sure this is okay?"

Alec kicked the stand. He had to shout because the engine was so loud. "It feels great. You're giving me wood." His voice went higher and he screamed. "There's nothing like guys riding on motorcycles with guys."

Luis laughed; he squeezed Alec tighter and whispered into his ear. "That sounds like fun. It would make a great movie title."

"You're right, even though no one would ever produce it in a million years." Then he started the engine and took off before Luis had a chance to say another word.

Twenty minutes later, Alec parked at the top of a ridge and they climbed off the motorcycle. Luis had a basic idea of where they were, but he'd never been to this particular spot. When he walked to the edge of the cliff and looked out at a long, expansive view of mountains infused with tall evergreen trees, he pressed his palm to his chest and said, "I'm glad it's still light out at this hour in Alaska. I would hate to have missed this view."

Alec walked to where Luis was standing and placed his palm on the small of Luis's back. It was a bold move for a guy his age; Luis didn't say a word. His hand went up and down slowly and he said, "It's also very private." His hand went lower and stopped at the top of Luis's ass. "We could be the only two people left in the world up here. We can do or say anything we want and no one will see or hear us."

Luis stepped back and ignored the gesture. He couldn't deny an attraction to Alec but he didn't want to act on it. Though it bothered Luis that Jase was out with Betsy Melchiorri doing anything he wanted to do, Luis still couldn't help thinking if he had sex with Alec he would be cheating on Jase. Not the young version of Jase in 1986. The older version of Jase in the future. For all intents and purposes, Luis was married and it didn't matter what year it was. The fact that he'd slipped back in time was only an abstraction he hoped wouldn't last forever. He'd never cheated on Jase in all the time they'd been together. And going back in time didn't give him license to fool around simply because no one knew better.

Alec took the rejection well. He smiled, followed Luis to a large, flat rock, and sat down next to him. They talked for a long time, about art, music, literature, and life in general. They discussed what it was like to be gay in the l980's with a sense of ease that seemed unfamiliar to Alec. Luis could tell Alec was just beginning to take ownership of his manhood and his gayness. He still wasn't sure what to say or how to react. He clearly didn't have many people with whom he could speak about it. When they talked about being gay, Luis did more listening than speaking. He didn't want to give away all the things he knew would happen in the future. Though Alec had a rough, dangerous appeal on the surface, Luis discovered he was much softer and more sensitive on the inside; he went deeper than anyone would have imagined.

By the time it started to get dark outside, Luis had lost all track of how long they'd been there. They'd talked for so long Luis forgot all about getting back to the Nicholas house before eleven. They were lying flat against the rock, looking up at the sky, talking about what they wanted to do with their lives. This was something Luis didn't usually do: talk openly about his future. Though he was almost thirty and had a successful career as a male model, he still hadn't figured out what he wanted to do with the rest of his life. He thought for a while it might be writing. He wrote guests posts on a fairly popular gay blog from France about his life with Jase and what it was like being married to The Virgin Billionaire. For a short time, he even thought his long term goal might be cooking. He took cooking classes in both New York and Alaska. But he still wasn't quite sure what he wanted to do with his life, so he always went back to modeling, looking pretty, and making money because this was what he knew he did best.

"I want to be a writer," Alec said. "I just don't know if I have any talent."

Luis had only met Alec, in a wheel chair, for a few minutes in the year 2011. The only two things Luis really knew about his future were that he couldn't walk and he was a published author. "You should do what you love," Luis said. "If you feel you have to be a writer, then you should go for it." He decided the more generic his advice was the more harmless his influence would be.

Alec moved closer and sat up slightly. He rested his elbow on the rock and looked down at Luis. "Are you going to college?"

The only thing a few select people knew about Luis in Alaska in 1986 was that he'd graduated high school and left Tennessee. "I'd like to think I will someday. But not any time soon." In 2011, Luis was putting his twin brother through nursing school so he could become a nurse practioner. Luis had always wanted to go to college. But he wasn't sure he was smart enough ... or young enough anymore. Being with Alec this way, as the sun went down and the air grew cooler, he felt young again and filled with all the possibilities of youth.

"What's stopping you?" Alec asked.

Luis shrugged. "I guess I'm afraid I might fail." This was true, too. Luis didn't have the best track record in the future. He'd made more than his share of mistakes with men and career choices, especially during the short time he'd worked as a male escort. So far, the things he'd done best in life were being a husband to Jase, a father to Hunter, and a model. His blog posts for Elena's blog were marginal and amateur at best: it was only the Internet and there was a long way to go. He was well aware of this and never fooled himself into believing Elena's small blog was anything more than a nice little place to escape on a gloomy day. Maybe all that should have been enough to make Luis happy. It was more than most people get in a lifetime. But he still wanted more, and it had nothing to do with money, fame, or power. Meeting Jase as a young man, without his billion dollar empire, had reinforced this in Luis. He wanted personal fulfillment, which often seemed harder to get than anything else.

Alec thought for a moment. "What would you do if you someone told you that you only had one week to live?"

Luis laughed. "Oh shit, Alec. Let's not do the deep, artistic, boring shit tonight. I'm so over that kind of bullshit it makes me want to gag." The dichotomy that ruled Luis was that he loved great art, but despised the fake, forced artistic types. They were always walking around in funky clothes with bad hair, longing for more emotion, claiming they devoted their lives to art when for the most part they wouldn't know great art if it bit them in the ass. Luis lost patience fast with pedants and idiots, and he'd stopped suffering fools right after he'd almost been killed in Amish country by a deranged stalker.

Alec moved closer and rested his palm on Luis's stomach. "Okay, no deep fake bullshit. Back to your future. You'll never know about going to college unless you try. You can't be afraid of failure. I think you're very smart."

Luis smiled. People complimented him on many things, from his tight ass to his perfect dark brown hair, but they never told him he was smart. But he also knew Alec was trying to get into his pants, so he gently removed Alec's hand from his stomach and said, "You can be very persuasive. I have a feeling you're dangerous when you want to be."

Alec put his arms around Luis and climbed halfway on top of him. He kissed Luis's neck and said, "I'm not dangerous at all. I just know what I want. I know what you want, too."

Luis felt his own erection growing. He couldn't resist putting his arms around Alec's big strong shoulders and holding him for a minute. "That's what makes you dangerous."

Alec kissed Luis's neck again, and then he climbed all the way on top of him and rested most of his weight on Luis's body. He ran his hand up and down Luis's side and kissed Luis on the mouth.

Before Luis knew what was happening, they were kissing and panting. Luis's legs were open ... a reflex for Luis. He felt Alec's erection pressing into his pelvis and he wanted it inside his body. Alec kissed the same way he looked: rough, awkward, and eager. His dark stubble was heavy and it burned against Luis's cheek. For a moment, Luis thought about making love to him. He pictured Alec mounting him and going in as deeply as he could. Luis began to rationalize again. Technically, Luis and Jase weren't a couple in 1986 and it wasn't really cheating. Luis wouldn't actually meet Jase until many years later. So Luis allowed Alec to pull off his shoes and pull down his pants without saying a word. He allowed Alec to take off the rest of his clothes and climb on top of his naked body again.

Though the flat rock was cold and rough against his back, Luis lifted his naked legs and wrapped them around Alec's slim waist. He reached down between Alec's legs and pulled Alec's erection out of his pants; Alec already pulled his zipper down and his dick was ready to burst out on its own. Luis stroked him gently for a few minutes while they continued to kiss; he arched his back and melded into Alec's warm body. And then he spread his knees and guided Alec's erection between his legs. They didn't have lube; he knew it would hurt. He wanted it even more.

Luis was almost swept away in the moment. He almost took Alec completely without thinking of the consequences. But when the head of Alec's penis touched the lips of his anus, Luis stopped moving and said, "I want to stop. I'm sorry. I can't do this."

Alec was so worked up by then his chest was heaving. His face was red and his dick felt like it was ready to explode. "C'mon," he said. "I'll be gentle. I promise. You're killing me, man."

"Please stop," Luis said. He knew he was in a compromising position. He was naked and his legs were spread as wide as they would go. He knew he'd led Alec on and he shouldn't have. He also knew Alec was stronger than him and Alec could have taken him by force if he really wanted to. "I'm sorry, Alec. It's me. I don't want to do this right now. I'm really sorry."

Alec bit his lip and made a face. He clenched his fist and punched a rock. Then he climbed off Luis and put his dick back into his pants. He didn't say a word. He walked to the other side of the ridge and punched a tree trunk a few times.

Luis put on his clothes as fast as he could and walked over to join him a minute later. Alec's hands were in his pockets and his back was facing Luis. "I'm sorry," Luis said. "It has nothing to do with you. It's me."

Alec turned. He had a defeated expression. "Why?"

"I honestly can't say for sure," Luis said. "All I can say is it wasn't the right time." He could have lied; it would have been easier, maybe kinder. But it didn't feel right.

"That's all you can tell me? You let me take off all your clothes and you make me crazier than fuck and that's all you can say?" He wasn't shouting. But Luis knew he was frustrated enough to kick something.

Luis grabbed Alec by the shoulders and looked deeply into his eyes. "There's only one thing I can tell you that can change your life. Don't go swimming for the next three months, especially in a swimming pool anywhere near Betsy Melchiorri's house. Trust me on this."

Alec blinked. "I'm starting to think you're a little nutty. Don't go swimming? I've already been invited to a graduation party at Betsy's house."

"I heard Betsy's parties suck," Luis said. He had overheard a few students say this.

"You aren't making any sense now."

Luis shook him gently and focused on his eyes. "You have to trust me on this one, Alec. Do not, under any circumstances, go to Betsy's party or go swimming for the next three months." He wasn't certain about the time frame with regard to the swimming accident Alec would have. The only thing Jase had mentioned at the reunion was the swimming accident happened sometime around graduation, at Betsy's house. Luis figured three months would be a safe bet.

By the time Alec dropped Luis off at the Nicholas house it was a few minutes after one in the morning. It was dark out by then and the only light in the house came from Jase's bedroom TV. Jase's car was parked on the side of the house and he was obviously home from his date with Betsy. Luis felt awkward about sneaking into the back door of the house and going upstairs this late. He should have made Alec bring him home sooner. He shouldn't have taken off all his clothes in the woods.

When he entered Jase's bedroom, Jase was in bed watching TV. Jase didn't say a word; he didn't even look at him. So Luis went into the bathroom and took a quick shower. He was only in there fifteen minutes at the most. But when he came out, the TV was off and the bedroom was dark. He wasn't sure if Jase was sleeping or not. He crossed the room on his tip-toes just in case. Then he carefully pulled back the covers and climbed into bed naked.

Luis hoped Jase was sleeping. It would have been easier. He didn't feel like explaining where he was or what he'd done with Alec. He wanted to close his eyes, fall asleep, and wake up in the year 2011 in the morning.

But a minute later, Jase took a deep breath and said, "Where were you?"

It was so dark and so silent in the room, Luis's body jerked when Jase spoke. It seemed to come from nowhere. "I was out with Alec. He took me to this ridge not far from here and showed me where he hikes."

"I see."

After a moment of silence, Luis said, "We talked for a long time."

"I'm sure you did," Jase said, with an indignant, deadpan tone.

This made Luis clench his teeth. He turned around and poked Jase in the back. "That's all we did, Jase. I don't know what you're implying. But we went for a ride, we talked, and he brought me home. End of story. Goodnight."

Jase remained still, with his back facing Luis. His tone sounded superior. "I'm not implying anything. I don't trust guys like Alec. There's something creepy about him."

"He thinks I'm smart," Luis said.

Jase laughed. "Oh, I'm sure he does. I'll bet he told you you're a regular Einstein genius."

Luis exhaled. He felt his face getting red. "Well, he does think I'm smart."

Jase turned and faced him. He sat up and rested his weight on his elbow. "I hope you didn't fall for that line. It's the kind of shit all guys like Alec use when they want to get into someone's pants. My buddies laugh about shit like that all the time. That's how guys are. They'll say anything to get their dicks wet."

"Well, for your information, he did try to get into my pants, but I said no. I told him to take me home and he was very nice about it. And I already know how guys are because I am a guy." He decided to leave the naked part out this time.

Jase rolled his eyes. Then he punched the mattress. "I'm going to seriously beat the shit out of Alec tomorrow," Jase said.

Luis blinked. "Why on earth would you do that? I just said he was nice and he brought me home. He's really not a bad guy, Jase. He's a lot like you in many ways."

"Because he's a fucking asshole and he should have known better than to try to get into your pants. I'll knock his fucking teeth out for trying to take advantage of an innocent stranger from out of town. That's just wrong. I hate when guys do shit like that."

Luis sighed. This was ridiculous. None of them were even openly gay. "But Jase, you've been trying to do the same thing to me since I got here."

"It's different with me."

"Why?"

"Because I have good intentions. Because I care about you and I'd never harm you in any way. You're not just a piece of ass to me."

Luis hadn't expected Jase to react this strongly. But Luis was thinking about Jase as a rational middle aged adult, not as a testosterone driven young man who hadn't learned how to control his temper yet. "Calm down, Jase. Nothing happened between us. And Alec was nice about it. He could have been an asshole, but he wasn't. When he dropped me off, he even apologized ten times and said there were no hard feelings." Alec had said nothing of the sort. He dropped Luis off and sped away without saying a word or looking back. The dude was pissed and he was pouting big time because Luis had shot him down. But Luis didn't want Jase getting into a fight with Alec over him. This would have been wrong on so many levels Luis wouldn't have known what to do.

After a moment of silence, Jase said, "Well, I guess as long as he didn't do anything offensive I'll let it go. But I swear, if he does bother you again, I'll kick the shit out of him."

Luis said, "But Jase, you're not gay and we're not a couple. I'm not even going to be here for long. We both know that. And I'm fine with it. If you notice, I didn't ask you anything about Betsy or what you did tonight. It's none of my business."

"We went out for a burgers and I drove Betsy home," Jase said. "Nothing happened."

"It doesn't matter, Jase. It's none of my business what you did with her. I have no more right to ask you about what you did than you have to ask me."

Jase punched the bed and Luis jumped. Then Jase pulled back the covers, climbed on top of Luis, and put his arms around him. Jase kissed him and said, "You know I'm not gay, but there's something about you that makes me crazy. I know it's wrong, but I can't help the way I feel." Then he kissed him again and grabbed the back of his neck so hard Luis had trouble breathing.

A minute later, Jase's dick popped out of the opening of his boxer shorts and it poked Luis in the groin. Luis's arms were around Jase's shoulders and his legs were wrapped around Jase's waist. They were still kissing; Luis pulled him closer each time he bucked his hips. Jase finally asked, with exasperation, "Can I fuck you?"

Luis nodded and said, "Yes, you can."

While they continued to kiss, Jase reached into the drawer of his nightstand and pulled out a bottle of baby oil. The drawer fell out and hit the floor; a book fell off the table. Luis took the baby oil from him and squeezed out a healthy puddle into his right palm. Jase kissed him harder and Luis spread his legs wider. Luis rubbed baby oil around the lips of his anus, and then rubbed what was left all over Jase's dick until it was slick and smooth and glided across his palm.

"I've never done this before with anyone," Jase said. His eyes rolled back when Luis tapped the tip of his penis. "I've never done it with a man or a woman."

"I know," Luis said, then he arched his back, spread his legs wider, and wrapped his fingers around Jase's dick.

He guided Jase into his body slowly; the baby oil allowed him to slip inside with such ease Jase let out a quiet moan of relief. For a moment, Jase remained buried inside Luis without moving. He kissed him and moaned at the same time, rolling his tongue in circles. Luis reached down with both hands and pressed them against Jase's buttocks. He pushed hard against Jase's muscles, as if trying to shove Jase as deeply inside him as he could.

When Jase started moving his hips, Luis caressed his back and nodded yes. Their lips remained locked together; neither one of them could speak. Jase moved faster and the bed began to squeak. Luis's legs went back and he held Jase so tightly there would be subtle marks on Jase's back the next morning. Jase seemed to lose track of everything around him. He didn't seem to care how hard Luis held him. His hips only moved faster; his dick slammed into Luis with a sense of urgency Luis had never experienced before this night. The older version of Jase could be rough and blunt in bed. But the younger version was even more intense. It was as if Jase were a rubber band and he'd been stretched to the limit and finally he'd snapped. Luis felt as though he were being split wide open. When Jase was moving as fast as his hips could go, right before they both climaxed together, the slaps against Luis's ass were so loud Luis was glad Isabelle and Judah's bedroom was at the other side of the house where they couldn't hear anything.

When it was over, Jase fell on top of Luis in a heap and remained there for a long time without speaking. He held Luis in his arms while his breathing slowed down. Luis wrapped his legs around Jase's waist and caressed the back of Jase's head very gently. Luis knew he would be sore the next morning. He might even have trouble walking.

Without lifting his head, Jase said, "You okay?"

Luis gently rubbed his foot up and down Jase's buttocks and said, "I'm wonderful. Are you?"

"I guess," Jase said. "I can't believe I just fucked a dude, though. Does it make me gay?"

Luis didn't know how to reply. So he said, "Let's not over analyze this, Jase. You're going to fuck plenty of women, too. Let's say we had a good time tonight and leave it at that."

Jase sighed. "I guess you're right. I mean it's not like you fucked me. That would really be gay."

This made Luis laugh. He'd heard this before more than once. For some reason, top guys didn't think they were as gay as bottom guys, which made no sense to Luis. But he knew it was a good way for Jase to rationalize what just happened without freaking out. "You're right."

"But I have to be honest with you, Luis, about something," Jase said.

"About what?" Luis had no idea where this was going.

"I hate to say this, but I think you might be gay," Jase said. "I never would have guessed a guy would like getting fucked in the ass that way. You came without even touching yourself. You'd think it would have been painful. I would have been screaming and biting my fist. But you really liked it, didn't you?"

Luis smiled. "Yes, I really liked it. You were fantastic. You knew what to do and how to make me come."

Jase laughed and slapped his ass hard. "You wanna do it again, just one more time?"

Luis laughed. "Are you getting hard again? I thought you were but I wasn't sure."

"Oh yeah," Jase said. "Can I fuck you again?"

The way Jase asked for permission made Luis smile. "Of course you can. But you have to promise me one thing." This was important to Luis. He wanted the rules made clear right up front.

Jase seemed impatient to begin again. He bucked very slowly. "What?"

"Neither one of us is ready for anything serious. You're not gay and I'm not sure what I am or where I'm going. So this is just fun right now. We have something special but we're not ready to do anything about it. You're going away to college in the fall and I'll be moving on."

Jase lifted his upper body and rested his weight on his palms as if he were doing push-ups on top of Luis. A drop of his perspiration fell onto Luis's upper lip and he said, "Okay, it's a deal. But I also have one thing I'd like to make clear. And you have to agree or I'm pulling out."

Luis didn't want him to pull out. He was ready to go another round, with pleasure. "What?"

"As long as you are here in Alaska, your ass belongs to me. I don't fuck other guys and you don't let other guys fuck you. What we do with women isn't questioned. What I do with women isn't questioned. But when it comes to guys, we only fuck around with each other and no one else. Is that a deal?"

This was certainly something with which Luis could live. He'd already sworn fidelity to the older version of Jase Nicholas in the future and he had no reservations about making that kind of commitment to him now. Besides, Luis had no intention of sleeping with anyone else while he was there. "I can't promise you much, Jase. But I can promise you no other guy will come near me. It's a deal. Are you happy now?" Jase was fucking slowly; the tip of his dick was hitting Luis's prostate again and Luis wanted him to start banging.

Jase slammed into him hard, as if taking ownership. "Just one more thing."

"What?"

"Don't take this the wrong way. I probably shouldn't even say it. But I feel like I have to for some reason. And if you laugh, I'll never forgive you." He stopped fucking and hesitated.

Luis looked confused. He held Jase's face in his palms and caressed it. "What? You can say anything. I don't mind. Hell, Jase, think about it. You're inside me right now. You honestly can't get closer to another human being if you try. Think about it on an emotional level. You're part of me right now."

"I guess you're right." He started fucking again. He kissed Luis's hand. "I kind of love you. I'm not saying I want to run away with you and get married. I'm not saying I'm gay. But I want you to know you're not just another piece of ass to me. I really have feelings for you."

Luis pressed his fingers gently against Jase's chest. "And I think I love you the same way, too." Then he laughed, dug his fingernails into Jase's chest, and said, "Now shut up and fuck me like I am just another piece of ass." He knew Jase's sense of humor well; he knew Jase would get the joke. Most guys wouldn't have understood.

Chapter Eleven

On Saturday morning, Jase asked Luis if he wanted to go for a ride. And he wasn't talking about a ride in the Grand National parked in the driveway. Jase stretched out, pulled the covers off, and grabbed his cock. Then he poked Luis in the arm and said, "You wanna sit on my dick and ride for a while?"

Luis turned over and rubbed his eyes. He gaped at the erection Jase was waving at him. The backs of his legs were aching and he needed a shower. "We'd better get up and shower. Your grandmother will be making breakfast." He could smell the bacon coming from the kitchen.

Jase pointed to his erection and smiled. "I can't get out of bed like this. Sit down and ride it for a few minutes. I'll come fast and then we'll take a shower together."

Luis rolled his eyes and pulled down the covers. He rose to his knees, lifted his leg, and straddled Jase's waist. He didn't need lube; there was still plenty of baby oil left from the three times Jase had fucked him the night before. His ass was greased and ready to go. He grabbed Jase's dick and arched his back. When he slowly sat down on it, he watched Jase's eyes roll back as he rested his head on the pillow.

This time Jase didn't have to move a muscle. He just laid there and moaned. Luis knew how to grind his hips and tighten his sphincter in ways that drove men wild. In less than fifteen minutes, Jase's legs were moving around and his toes were curling. Luis rode so fast the sheets pulled away from the corners of the bed. When Jase came, his upper body jerked forward and he held Luis's hips for support. He moaned out loud, with his eyes closed, and squeezed Luis's thighs. While Jase did this, Luis jacked his own load onto Jase's stomach. And when he was finished, he leaned forward and kissed Jase on the lips.

After they took a shower together, they went downstairs to the kitchen for breakfast. In the stairwell, Jase stopped and grabbed Luis's arm. "Let's act natural. I don't want my grandparents to suspect anything's going on between us. If they knew what went on in my bedroom last night they'd die. I've never felt so guilty in my life, and yet so good at the same time."

Luis smiled and nodded yes. But he almost laughed in Jase's face for underestimating his grandmother. When Luis met Isabelle in the future, one of the first things Isabelle had mentioned to Luis was she'd always known Jase was gay. It was a feeling she'd always had deep down inside. She'd suspected since he'd been a little boy. And she hadn't been shocked when Jase finally came out to the world. But Luis couldn't mention this to Jase in l986. He wouldn't have understood. So he said, "I'll act like one of your football buddies. I'll scratch my crotch and spit on the sidewalk."

Jase frowned. "No. Don't do that. You can't pull it off. You're too pretty. They'll suspect something for sure. Just act natural and nice, the way you've been acting."

Luis nodded. "Okay, I'll pretend nothing happened."

But on the way to the kitchen, the telephone in the center hall rang and Jase asked Luis to get it. Luis stopped at the telephone table next to the coat closet and picked up the receiver. It was one of those old fashioned phones, with a separate receiver and a large base with push bottoms. "Hello?"

"Hey, is this Luis?"

Luis's heart stopped. He felt the blood drain from his body and he had trouble speaking. It was Barry's voice on the other end, and the last voice Luis had expected to hear.

"Ah well, yes. It's Luis." He stammered a few times and took a deep breath.

Barry spoke with a lighter, more relaxed tone. "How's everything going there? We're having a great time on the cruise. I wanted to call to check in."

Luis felt a sting in his eye. The last time he'd heard Barry's voice on the phone was in the year 2010. Luis and Jase had gone away on a long weekend camping trip with a few friends and they'd called Barry to see how things were going. Barry died not long after that. They had to rush back from the camping trip because Barry had a heart attack. And the shock of hearing Barry's voice now, in 1986, alive and well, sent shivers up and down Luis's spine. He became overwhelmed with emotion and tears rolled down his face. He turned toward the kitchen and saw Isabelle standing in the doorway. She was holding a dish towel, gazing at him, trying to figure out what was going on. He pulled the receiver from his ear and shook in Isabelle's direction. "It's Jase's father," he said. "Please, please take it." Then he set the receiver on the table and ran back up to the bathroom.

A few minutes later, Isabelle followed him upstairs. She knocked on the bathroom door and asked, "Is everything okay, Luis?"

Luis checked the mirror to make sure there were no tears left on his face. He opened the door and forced a smile. "I'm sorry," he said. "I got a little homesick when I heard Jase's father's voice, is all. I'm fine now. You've all been so nice to me. I think it's finally caught up with me." He wished Jase's parents hadn't gone on a cruise. He wished he'd been able to spend more time with Barry.

Isabelle put her arms around Luis and hugged him. "I think I understand. It's not easy being so far away from home."

Luis sniffed back. He hugged her as if this was the last time he'd ever see her again. "Oh, you have no idea."

* * * *

On Saturdays, Jase always worked in his family's hardware store until three o'clock in the afternoon. Luis had to work until one o'clock. So after breakfast Jase dropped Luis off at the high school and Luis said he'd walk over to the hardware store and meet Jase later so he wouldn't have to come all the way back to school.

Luis spent most of the morning mowing the back lawn near the auditorium. There was no one around and it was quiet; he had plenty of time to think about getting back to his real life in 2011. He missed his son, Hunter, more than anything. The thought of never seeing Hunter again was almost too much for him to handle and he wound up mowing down an azalea bush. He was determined to get back there no matter what he had to do.

As he walked into town that afternoon, he passed cars from the 1980's he hadn't seen since he was a child. There were records stores that actually sold records, a video store that advertised itself as being the newest "game" in home entertainment, and a small drugstore that only sold drugs and medical equipment. Luis laughed as he passed the drugstore window with a sign advertising a sale on vaporizers. The last time Luis had been in a drugstore in 2011 they sold everything from medicine to canned foods to e-readers. There was one drugstore near his farm in Bucks County that even sold garden supplies.

When Luis walked into the hardware store, he spotted a huge brown boxy appliance and stopped to take a closer look. He laughed when he read the sign above it and saw it was a microwave oven. It was almost as big as a regular oven. He remembered one of his aunts in Tennessee had one like it when he was a kid. Then he saw Jase in the back helping a customer select a new red wheelbarrow and he smiled. At least wheelbarrows still looked the same in 2011. He felt like running up to it and hugging it.

The customer was trying to get a few dollars off because there was a small dent in the wheelbarrow and Jase wasn't giving in. So Luis walked up to them, reached down to touch the wheelbarrow, and said, "This is perfect. It's what I've been looking for: a bright red wheelbarrow. I'll take it."

The man who was arguing over price stopped and sent Luis a contemptuous look. He grabbed the handles on the wheel barrow and turned in the opposite direction. "I saw it first and I'm buying it." Then he pushed it up to the front counter without looking back.

Jase laughed. "That wasn't nice. You know you don't need a wheelbarrow."

Luis shrugged. "I wanted to help out. That little mark he was complaining about wasn't even an actual dent. Some people have a lot of nerve."

Jase stood taller and squared his shoulders. He lowered his voice and spoke with an authoritative tone. "Well, I'm used to it. I've been dealing with the public for a long time. I know how to handle them." It seemed as if Jase had experienced a surge in testosterone.

Luis smiled. "I'm sure you're very good with people. There's no doubt in my mind you would have sold that wheelbarrow to him without my help."

Jase looked back and forth, and then he moved toward the back storage room and told Luis to follow him. When they were in a dark corner, he ran his palm through his hair and said, "I've been wondering about what I should say about what happened last night."

Luis tilted his head sideways. "I'm not sure I understand." He thought they'd already discussed this. Evidently, Jase was still worried about it, which seemed plausible to Luis. Young gay men question themselves more than straight people would ever know.

Jase hesitated. "I'm talking about what happened between us. I don't want you to get the wrong idea. I'm not gay or anything."

Luis laughed. "Calm down, Jase. I understand. You don't have to explain. I don't expect anything from you and last night meant nothing." He truly did understand Jase's fears and he didn't want Jase feeling guilty. But more than that, he didn't want to alter Jase's future in any way. He was beginning to worry if he did, he might alter his own future and he liked his charmed life.

Though Luis was trying put Jase's mind at ease, the corners of Jase's lips turned down the way they always did when he was seriously disappointed. "Well thanks a lot," he said. "I didn't mean it that way. I'm not gay or anything. But it's not like last night meant nothing to me. You know, Luis, you can be a little cold-hearted sometimes and it's not very attractive."

Luis took a deep breath. Jase's youth and innocence tugged at his heart. He exhaled and said, "I'm sorry, Jase. I didn't mean it that way. Last night meant more than you'll ever know to me. Seriously." He looked back to be sure no one was watching them. He took Jase's hand and smiled. "It was one of the best nights of my life. You are the perfect lover. I don't want you to feel obligated toward me in any way. I don't want you to worry about last night."

Before Jase had a chance to respond, a woman at the cash register called his name and he had to go up front to help another customer. Luis followed him to the front door and turned to stare at a shelf filled with home cleaning supplies. While Jase helped a woman with curlers in her hair decide which carpet tacks would be the right size for her basement steps, Luis glanced at the front window and saw Ashton standing outside. His face was up against the glass and he was trying to get Luis's attention. So Luis went out to see what he wanted.

"I was getting a haircut across the street and I saw you walk in here," Ashton said.

"I walked over from the school to meet Jase. He gets off work at three and he's taking me home," Luis said.

"I was wondering if we could talk," Ashton said.

Luis glanced at the window. He saw Jase and woman standing near the cash register. The woman was talking to Jase. But Jase was watching Luis and Ashton. "Jase said he'd drive me home. I don't want to walk that far."

Ashton said, "I have my car in town. I'll take you home. I need to talk to you about a few things."

There was a look of desperation in Ashton's eyes Luis found difficult to ignore. He was also thinking Ashton might have come up with a way to get him back to his real life. So he nodded and said, "Wait here. I'll tell Jase I'll meet him later at home." Then he went back into the store and walked over to the cash register.

Jase sent him a serious look. "What's he doing here?" He was obviously talking about Ashton. Luis noticed a hint of jealousy in his voice.

"Ashton asked me to help him out with something important, Jase," Luis said. He did this in front of the woman buying the carpet tacks and the woman at the cash register. He figured Jase wouldn't stop him if there were people around. "He said he'd give me a ride home."

Jase's jaw dropped. He clenched his fists. "I thought I was going to take you home." He spoke through gritted teeth.

Luis smiled as if nothing was wrong. "I really want to help him out. It sounds important. I'll see you later, Jase." And without waiting for Jase to say a word, Luis turned and left him standing there with his mouth clamped shut and his fists clenched to his sides.

The rest of the afternoon was spent talking about the future. Ashton wanted to know so much he brought along a pad and pencil and took notes. Though Luis wasn't a tech genius by any means, and he needed tech support to download an e-book, he was able to tell Ashton a few basic things about the future that excited Ashton so much he had trouble speaking. He took detailed notes and made lists of things like cell phones, iPods, android tablets, laptops, and personal computers. His mouth formed the letter O when Luis told him about large flat screen TVs that only weighed a few pounds. And he clutched his chest when Luis told him about medical advances like new drugs for people with AIDS. He didn't believe Luis when Luis told him records and tapes wouldn't be around in the future. And he laughed at the thought of downloading music from a computer to a tiny little thing as big as a credit card. The thing that really blew him away was books. His face turned a pale shade of gray when Luis mentioned print books would slowly disappear and people would only be reading digital books on electronic devices in the future. Luis tried to reassure him these electronic reading devices would only enhance the reading experience and make books more popular than they'd been in years. But Ashton gaped at Luis with wide eyes and pressed both palms to his stomach as if he were about to regurgitate.

By the time Ashton dropped Luis off at five that afternoon, poor Ashton's face was almost white. Luis knew his brain was on overload and he had to go home and process everything. Though Luis had enjoyed shocking Ashton with all the new technology that would be available in the future, it wasn't a productive afternoon for Luis. Ashton didn't seem to have a clue about helping Luis get back to his life. At least he said he was still working on it and Luis shouldn't give up hope.

When Luis went into the kitchen, Millie and Mollie jumped all over him and licked his face. He rubbed their backs and glanced at the kitchen table. Jase was sitting there with Betsy Melchiorri and they were looking at text books.

"I'm sorry if I interrupted anything," Luis said.

Jase didn't look up from the text book.

Betsy put her arm around Jase and said, "Jase is helping me with my math." She ran her hand across the back of Jase's neck and kissed his cheek. "He's so smart and I'm so dumb." Then she giggled in a way that sounded like a chirp.

Luis wanted to roll his eyes. He felt like walking to the table and pulling her hair out by the roots. But he smiled and said, "I'll leave you guys alone then. I'll be upstairs." As he turned to leave, he stopped and asked Jase, "Where are your grandparents?"

Jase refused to lift his head from the book. "They flew to Anchorage this afternoon at the last minute to spend the night with good friends. They won't be back until late tomorrow."

Betsy moved closer to Jase and he put his arm around her.

Luis smiled and said, "Okay. I'll see you later."

Betsy popped a hunk of gum into her mouth and said, "We're going to the movies. We don't know what time we'll be home." She snuggled into Jase's side and giggled again. "But it will probably be very, very late."

Without looking up, Jase asked, "Will you feed the dogs and let them out?"

"Okay," Luis said, and then he turned and left them alone.

* * * *

When Luis heard Jase and Betsy leave for the movies, he went downstairs and fed Millie and Mollie. After he let them out, he made a bacon, lettuce, and avocado sandwich. He brought it into the family room and watched television until the sun finally went down around eleven thirty. Betsy had been right. They had been out a long time. Luis turned off the TV, took Millie and Mollie outside one last time for the night, and then went upstairs to take a long, hot shower.

After his shower, he climbed into bed and turned off the lights. It had been a long day and he wasn't too thrilled about the way Jase had treated him earlier. He knew Jase was mad at him for taking off with Ashton that afternoon. He knew this was why Jase was out with Betsy that night. He also knew there was nothing he could do about it; he couldn't interfere with fate. Jase was supposed to be out with Betsy.

He drifted off to sleep sometime around one in the morning. It was a deep sleep and he didn't hear Jase walk into the bedroom at two o'clock. He wouldn't have even known Jase was there if Jase hadn't sat down on his side of the bed and rested his palm on his thigh. When he finally opened his eyes and realized he wasn't alone, he was so confused he bolted forward and shouted at Jase. "What's going on? Where the hell am I?"

Jase grabbed Luis's thigh and spoke in a stage whisper. "It's okay. I'm sorry I scared you. I wanted to talk."

Luis sat up and rubbed his eyes. It all came rushing back him and he felt a tug in his stomach at the thought of being stuck in 1986. "It's late. I'm so tired, Jase. Let's talk in the morning."

"I want to take you outside," Jase said.

Luis was naked; he opened his eyes wider. "It's cool out. I don't feel like getting dressed." The heat wave had ended and the temperatures had dropped into the upper fifties that night.

Jase reached for a fake fur blanket at the end of the bed and wrapped it around Luis's shoulders. "Wrap this around your body and put on my boots. There's no one home. I want to take you down to the boat docks and talk. There's a full moon out tonight."

Chapter Twelve

"Put these on and let's go outside," Jase said, as he handed Luis a pair of his old black western boots.

Luis had a red fake fox fur cover around his naked body. He took the boots from Jase and reluctantly slid his bare feet into them. He wasn't sure why Jase wanted to go down to the docks. It was late and Luis couldn't stop yawning. But Jase seemed so excited about it he didn't have the heart to refuse.

When they exited the house through the kitchen door and walked out to the patio, Luis said, "I hope no one sees me like this. I feel like an idiot. This fur thing barely covers me."

Jase put his arm around Luis and the fur blanket rode up in the back. The blanket was long but not wide; it barely covered his ass. "There's no one to see you. We're completely alone." His pensive tone caused a chill to run down Luis's spine.

As they crossed the back lawn, the white light from the full moon guided them safely to the docks. Jase would have guided Luis without or without moonlight. He didn't remove his arm from Luis's shoulders until they reached the docks. The western boots were a little too large for Luis. His heels rubbed against the back of the leather and he didn't want to get blisters. He tried to slow down a few times. But Jase kept pushing him forward as if he were rushing toward something he didn't want to miss.

When they reached the docks, Jase gestured to a wooden bench facing the water and told Luis to sit down. Luis glanced at the bench and shuddered when he imagined how cold it would be against his naked ass and said, "I think I'd rather stand."

Jase squeezed Luis's arm. He bit his bottom lip and said, "Go sit down."

"You're hurting my arm. Let go."

Jase released his arm and started pacing; he ran his fingers through his hair several times and then he kicked the boathouse.

Luis remained still, watching him closely. He finally said, "Jase, why are we down here? Why are you so upset?"

When Jase heard his voice, he stopped pacing and turned around to face him. Jase was at the other end of the main dock by then, about fifty feet away. "I want to talk about us. I've never been so confused in my life. I can't believe I'm fucking a guy and I'm liking it. There is something seriously wrong with me."

Luis's chest caved in. He knew all the feelings Jase was experiencing from his own personal, dramatic experiences as a young gay man. Although, in hindsight, Luis had always known he was gay, he thought it was a phase in the beginning ... a stage he was going through ... and he'd grow out of it someday. It was classic denial for years, all through his middle grades and part of high school. The only difference between Jase and Luis was Luis had never dated women. This was something he knew he couldn't pull off. But when it finally occurred to Luis being gay wasn't a stage, he wouldn't grow out of it in time, and he would be attracted to men for the rest of his life, he went into a state of panic that led him into a desperate period of promiscuity. This was how Luis wound up playing around with the straight guy at the Texaco in Tennessee. It was the reason he let the hired hand on his father's farm fuck him in the barn everyday that one summer. It reached a point with the hired hand where all Luis did was walk into the barn, drop his pants, and bend over. He didn't know how else to react. He also knew what he was doing and he wanted it. It was as if a flood of emotions had been released and he couldn't control the urges that had been pent up inside him for so long. It was an outrageous time in his life he didn't like to think about often.

So, knowing this, Luis walked over to Jase, with the western heels clicking against the wooden planks. "It's going to be okay, Jase. I mean it. You're going to be okay."

Jase looked into his eyes and shrugged. There were tears streaming down his face. "But I don't want to be like this. I hate being like this. I only want to be normal like every other guy I know."

When Jase said this, with such desperation in his voice, Luis's stomach turned in knots. He knew the only thing he could do that night was calm Jase down. There were no easy answers to give him. Jase would have to learn how to accept his sexuality like every other gay man before him. "You're young, Jase. You don't have to make any decisions right now. You have plenty of time. You have plenty of time to experiment. The only thing you have to worry about now is graduating, having fun, and starting college in the fall. Everything else will fall into place, trust me on this."

Jase wiped his eyes. For a second, he glared at Luis. He grabbed Luis's arms and shouted. "I couldn't have any fun tonight with Betsy. I kept thinking about you with that asshole, Ashton, this afternoon."

"I'm sorry," Luis said. "I only walked around town with Ashton. That was it; just friends talking. I promised you I'd never do anything with a guy and I meant it. I didn't do it to upset you. And I thought we agreed we were only having fun with each other."

Jase released Luis's arms. He turned his back on Luis and wiped his eyes harder. "I'm sorry for getting emotional like this. I never do this. You're right. I shouldn't be doing this to you. You've been completely honest with me and I should know better. It's just that I'm so fucking confused."

"We have to be realistic, Jase," Luis said. "You honestly don't know what you want. And I'm starting to think it was a huge mistake to leave my home." He decided right then if he couldn't figure out how to get back to 2011, he would leave Alaska anyway. Maybe he would go back to Tennessee. He wasn't completely sure yet. But he couldn't remain in Alaska much longer. Everything that had happened between them had happened too soon for Jase.

When Luis said he was sorry he'd left home, Jase turned fast and put his arms around him. His hand went down; it slid up the fake fur blanket and rested on Luis's ass. He caressed Luis gently, barely touching his skin, and said, "I want you again. I know you're going to leave. But I want you right now."

Luis tried to pull away. He didn't want to do this again and confuse Jase any more than he already was. But when he jerked to the left, the fur blanket fell to the ground. Except for the old boots, Luis was completely naked. Jase put his arms around him again and kissed him. The warmth from his body gave Luis a chill that made him tremble. While they kissed Jase guided Luis back to the long bench and he sat down. Luis sat on his lap, facing him, and straddled his waist. They continued to kiss and Jase's hands went down to Luis's ass and he began to probe the lips of Luis's anus with his fingers.

Luis couldn't stop kissing him. He'd never been filled with this kind of raw emotion before. He could actually feel Jase's desperation and the only thing he wanted to do was please him. So he arched his back and invited Jase to continue probing him. He spread his legs wider and started grinding his hips slowly into Jase's fingers.

"Can I make love to you again?" Jase asked, while their lips were barely touching.

Luis held Jase's face in his hands. Jase had two fingers deep in his body now and he was trying to force in a third. Luis kissed his chin; he kissed his cheeks. "Yes, make love to me Jase." Luis noticed Jase didn't ask if he could fuck him: he wanted to make love to him.

"I don't have any baby oil or anything."

Luis took Jase's third finger and bit Jase's chin. "I don't care."

"It might hurt."

Luis licked his ear. "I don't care. Just make love to me."

So Jase pulled his fingers out of Luis and he yanked down his zipper. Then he yanked his erection out of his pants and slapped it against the bottom of Luis's ass. He spit into his palm and rubbed his dick. By that time, Jase had slipped down on the bench and his legs were stretched out. Luis reached around with his right hand, took Jase in his palm, and guided him inside.

While Luis worked it in slowly, Jase closed his eyes and moaned. The saliva helped a little, but not much. There were a few moments of sharp pain for Luis; he didn't complain. By the time Jase was buried as deeply as he could go, Luis reached for Jase's shoulders and started grinding his hips again. It wasn't cold out anymore; Luis's entire body grew warm. He rode up and down; back and forth. He twisted, turned, arched his back, and spread his legs so wide the muscles in his groin ached. Luis hadn't moved his hips this fast in a long time. He couldn't get Jase's dick deep enough no matter how hard he tried. If Jase hadn't been holding his waist, he would have fallen off the bench. The backs of his thighs and the bottom of his ass rubbed against Jase's rough jeans. When the wooden bench started to rock back and forth and click against the wooden planks, Jase squeezed his waist harder and made a face.

Luis knew this expression on Jase well. He'd seen it a million times before when Jase made love to him in the future. A moment later, Jase stretched his legs, tightened his muscles, and blasted the inside of Luis's body so hard Luis felt Jase's release. Jase grunted and said, "Fuck," a couple of times very softly. Luis stroked his own dick a few times and came all over Jase's denim jacket.

Then Luis wrapped his arms around Jase's neck and they kissed for a long time in the moonlight. Luis continued to ride him slowly while they kissed; he didn't stop until Jase went soft and slipped out on his own.

This is when Luis stopped kissing and took a quick breath. Jase was rubbing his ass and his eyes were still closed. "Are you okay?" Luis asked.

Jase opened his eyes and smiled. "I think so. Are you?"

Luis nodded. "I think so, too."

Jase slapped him. "That was very nice."

Luis rested his head on Jase's shoulder. "It was, wasn't it?"

Jase sighed and exhaled with a groan. A minute later, he helped Luis off his lap and he put his dick back into his pants. Luis was getting cold, so he picked up the fur blanket and wrapped it around his shoulders. This time he didn't even try to pull the blanket below his waist. It didn't seem to matter much anymore. Jase Nicholas knew Luis's naked body better than anyone in the world. When they walked back to the house, Jase set his hand on Luis's ass and left it there until they reached the bedroom. Luis went to the bathroom and cleaned up; Jase waited for him at the door. And when they climbed into bed, Jase put his arms around Luis and held him for the rest of the night.

* * * *

The next morning, Jase seemed less anxious. Luis thought this might have been because of the blow job he'd given Jase in the shower. But it wasn't that. It was as if something inside Jase changed. He seemed to accept his attraction to Luis and he wasn't interested in questioning it anymore. Luis knew what Jase was doing. He was going through the stages a lot of young gay men go through when they aren't sure what to do about their feelings. It was classic. Jase was putting his feelings aside and concentrating on the reality he knew ... and with which he was familiar and comfortable.

This was fine with Luis. He didn't flinch when Jase told him he was going out with Betsy Melchiorri again that night. They were going to some bar in town to listen to a new band with a group of friends. He asked Luis to come along, but Luis said he'd rather stay home and read.

When Jase left to pick up Betsy, it was almost eight o'clock at night. Isabelle and Judah weren't due home for at least a couple of hours and Luis wasn't sure what to do with himself. He tried reading. But he couldn't concentrate. He tried watching TV. But there was nothing on that interested him. He was ready to go upstairs to bed when he heard the rumble of a motorcycle entering the driveway.

He went outside front and found Alec sitting on his motorcycle near the front door. Alec smiled at Luis and asked, "Wanna come into town with me? There's a great band playing tonight. I saw Jase and his friends driving around. I figured you'd be here alone."

Luis smiled. The last person he expected to see what Alec. He thought Alec was still mad at him for rejecting him up on the ridge. "I'd love to come. I have to let the dogs out and I'll be right back."

Alec reached for something, fumbled for a moment, and then held up an extra helmet. "I brought along an extra this time."

When they rode into town, Luis didn't wrap his arms around Alec like he had the other night. He held the bar behind the seat and leaned back while Alec drove at a slow, even pace. They parked outside a little bar near the docks in town. Luis wasn't familiar with the place, and it wouldn't be there in the year 2011. When they went inside, the bar was dark and smoky and the band had already begun to play. Alec led him to a small dark booth in the back where they could still hear the music and talk at the same time. On the way, Luis saw Jase sitting with Betsy Melchiorri and his friends from school and he nodded.

This time Jase didn't glare at him because he was with Alec. He didn't clench his fists and his face didn't get red. He nodded and smiled. He waved at Alec, and then turned back to his friends without giving it a second thought. Though Luis felt a slight pull in his chest, he knew this was the right thing for Jase to be doing at the time.

Luis ordered a beer instead of a martini because that's what Alec ordered. After the waitress set the drinks in front of them, Luis glanced at Alec and said, "I'm glad you're not mad at me. I was afraid you might be."

Alec took a big gulp of beer and laughed. He wiped his lips and said, "I wasn't mad; just frustrated, is all. I don't meet guys like you all the time, especially not around here. I hope you're not mad at me."

"You're one of the nicest guys I've ever met," Luis said. "Of course I'm not mad at you."

"After graduation I'm taking a year off and moving to Cape Cod," Ashton said. "I want to be a writer and there's this little town called Provincetown at the tip of Cape Cod that's filled with guys like us. I read about it in a magazine."

Luis's eyes lit up. He'd been to Provincetown and he knew it well. "I think that's wonderful. I also think it's a good idea to take a year off and figure out who you are, too." Luis knew most gay men, especially in the 1980's didn't experience a normal puberty. While all their straight friends were out having normal fun, gay kids were home looking out the window wondering what was wrong with them. Most gay men needed time to grow up and adjust after high school. For some, it was like having a crash course in puberty in their early twenties.

"Come with me," Alec said. "There's nothing for you here. I know you have a thing with Jase Nicholas and I'm not going to ask any questions about it. But Jase isn't going to ever come out of the closet. He'll get married one day, try to live a normal life, and then play around with guys on the side every now and then when no one's looking. It's classic and it sickens me. It's not the kind of life you want, Luis."

"I don't," Luis said. "But don't underestimate Jase. He's still young, too. And I'm not planning my life around Jase either. Just so you know."

"Then come with me," Alec said. "I've already lined up a job on a fishing boat and I've found a room to rent that's not too expensive. I can get you a job on the fishing boat, too. There's a full size bed in the room and plenty of room for two. When we aren't working, we can spend the rest of the time in bed together."

Luis smiled. He was so handsome. "You're adorable, Alec. I wish I could take you up on the offer. But I can't."

Alec's eyes grew wider. "Why not?"

Luis shrugged. "I can't swim. I'm terrified of water. I could never work on a boat." He didn't know what else to say.

Alec blinked. "You don't have to work on a fishing boat. I'm sure there's other work for you there. You can get a job in a restaurant. It's a tourist town all summer."

Luis took a sip of beer and leaned forward. He gazed into Alec's eyes and smiled. "I think you should do this. It's the best thing for you to do at this point. I'm sure you're going to be a wonderful writer. But it's not for me. I think I'm going to go home again, to Tennessee. I'm missing my old life a lot lately."

When Alec heard this, he shrugged and finished his beer. The band started playing a Madonna song and a familiar voice drifted through the bar. Luis went up on his knees and turned around in the booth. He gazed through the smoke, across the bar, and saw Jase standing on a platform in front of the band. Luis had forgotten Jase had once told him he wanted to be a singer. At the time, Jase laughed and said he referred to this as a silly teenage fantasy. But now that he was singing Madonna's Crazy For You Luis realized Jase had a nice voice. It wasn't professional; it needed work. But it wasn't a voice that would have made anyone get up and leave the room.

Alec yawned and said, "He's not exactly Frank Sinatra, is he?"

Luis was on his knees now, with his elbows against the back of the leather booth and his gaze fixed on Jase. He ignored Alec and said, "I think he's wonderful. It's one of the best versions of the song I've ever heard."

Chapter Thirteen

After breakfast on Monday morning, Luis went outside with Jase to walk Millie and Mollie before they left for school. Luis had come home early on Sunday night. Though Alec tried to get into Luis's pants several times, Luis kept turning him down. Jase didn't come in until after two in the morning. Luis was still wide awake; he pretended he was sleeping. Jase stripped down to his boxer shorts and climbed into bed gently so he wouldn't disturb Luis. Without saying a word, Jase moved closer to Luis, put his arm around him, and held him all night.

In the morning, Jase got out of bed early and took his morning shower. Luis waited until Jase was dressed and then he took his. They didn't have sex again; they didn't actually speak at the breakfast table. Isabelle and Judah were eager to tell them all about their weekend excursion to Anchorage. They didn't have a chance to speak until they were outside with the dogs.

Jase looked nice that morning. He was wearing light beige jeans and a cream colored polo shirt. "Did you have a good time with Alec last night?" he asked.

Luis smiled. "I had a good time listening to you sing last night. You're very good." After Jase sang the Madonna song, the audience cheered him into singing four more songs.

Jase shrugged and looked down at the grass. "I'm okay. But I'm not the best. And that's what I want in life. I want to be the best at what I do. I don't ever want to settle for second best. Singing is for fun. I can live without it."

This sounded like the strong, passionate Jase Nicholas Luis knew and loved in the future. Though he'd been worried Jase wouldn't be able to handle everything that had happened between them, he knew now Jase was going to be okay ... at least for the time being. "I'm sure you will be the best at whatever you decide to do in life."

Jase laughed. "I wish I had as much confidence in me as you do. I'm still not sure what I want to be the best at."

Luis smiled. "You'll see. I know I'm right about you. Remember two things: Alaskan Spring Water and home cheese makers."

"What does Alaskan spring water have to do with home cheese makers?"

Although Jase would one day build his billion dollar fortune on many things he'd developed and invented, he would start the empire with Alaskan spring water, and then a home cheese making invention that would make him wealthier and more famous than he ever dreamed he would be. "Promise me if things ever get tough and you start doubting yourself, you'll remember those two things."

Jase tugged on Mollie's leash and said, "Okay. I promise."

"And one more thing," Luis said.

"What?"

"Be easier on your father in the future," Luis said. "He means well." Luis knew about the friction that would occur between Jase and his father in the future. It would all start when Jase would refuse to take over the family business and concentrate on his own business affairs instead. Luis knew that Jase's father would die young. He also knew Jase would one day regret the years he'd spent arguing with his father.

On the way to school, there were no snide comments or innuendos about Luis going to the bar with Alec the night before. Jase sang along with the radio and drove as fast as usual. Betsy was waiting for Jase in the student parking lot. Before Luis got out of the car he smiled at Jase and said, "I'll see you here at five." Then he walked to the outbuilding where they kept the landscaping equipment without looking back, listening to Betsy Melchiorri's piercing voice yammer on about nothing important, as she fawned and drooled all over Jase. Luis knew he couldn't interfere. But that didn't stop him from wishing ... dreaming ... he could hit the gutter bitch over the head with a two by four.

At lunchtime, Luis took a break and went for a walk to see if he could find Ashton. He wanted to find out if Ashton had come up with a way to help him return to the year 2011. Ashton was his only hope. When he found Ashton sitting alone at an empty table in the library, he sat down across from him and asked, "Have you figured anything out?"

"I'm having huge breakthroughs with the main component regarding the anatomic capacitor that fluctuates between diagnostic and hypothesis in medical equipment I'm hoping will change the world. And it's all thanks to some of the things you've told me." There were books and notepads spread out across the table. Ashton was leaning forward on his elbows, smiling with the kind of exuberance no one ever saw Ashton display in public.

Luis reached for his hand. He squeezed it and said, "You're meant to invent all these things. It's your destiny. I've haven't told you anything you wouldn't have figured out on your own."

Ashton reached for Luis's other hand. "You're the most amazing person I've ever met. I'm serious. You have the kind of intuitive personality that only comes along once in a while. And you have great feet, too."

Luis sighed. He remembered Kyle had mentioned Ashton was into feet at the reunion. "Did you figure out anything to help me get back to my life in 2011?" It still made him cringe to speak aloud about this.

Ashton looked down at the table and frowned. "I've been very busy working on all this." He gestured to his books and notes.

This is when Luis knew in his heart Ashton didn't believe him completely. Ashton had a scientific mind and he needed solid facts to back up any theory. There were no facts to back up time travel. So Luis slumped in his seat and said, "I should say good-bye then. I'll be leaving soon." He saw no point in prolonging the inevitable.

Ashton stood up and hovered over him. He glanced down with a serious expression and said, "Where will you go?"

"I don't know," Luis said. He felt a sting in his eye. Ashton was his last hope and he was on the verge of tears.

"You just got to Alaska," Ashton said. "You can't keep floating around like a common drifter."

"But I'm not a drifter," Luis said. "I used to be, a long time ago. I wouldn't even give my dog a name because it was too permanent. But not anymore. I'm a stable, responsible person, with a family and a good job in the year 2011. I miss my life so much I can't stand it. For the first time, I'm starting to think I might be trapped here forever. And if that's the case, I can't stay in Alaska any longer."

"You can't leave," Ashton said. "Not after the way you've inspired me. There's so much more to talk about."

"You'll be fine without me," Luis said. "But I have to leave as soon as I can before anything else happens." It terrified Luis to think he'd somehow change his future by remaining there. He leaned forward and said, "In the future, I meet Jase Nicholas in the next century. We meet by accident in New York when Jase is much older, we fall in love, and we get married. We find out Jase has a child and we build a wonderful family. Jase is one of those gay men who don't come out of the closet until they reach middle age."

Ashton's eyes opened wider and he pressed his palm to his throat. "Jase Nicholas, the school jock, is gay?" Evidently Ashton hadn't been as observant as Alec. And this made sense to Luis. Very few in 1986 would ever have dreamed Jase Nicholas would one day be openly gay.

"You can't repeat this, Ashton. I shouldn't have even told you that much. I'm beside myself. I don't know where to turn." Luis felt shaky, as if he were going to pass out. He clenched his fists and forced himself to be strong.

"Calm down," Ashton said. "This is not something I would ever repeat. First, because you asked me not to repeat it. And second, because no one would ever believe me. Third, because I don't want Jase to beat the crap out of me."

Luis stood up. He reached for Ashton's hands. "Thank you. I knew I could trust you."

"Don't go," Ashton said. "Stay here with me. I'm graduating soon and I'm going to Stanford in the fall. We can go there together. We can live together and I'll take care of you. There are a lot of exciting things happening around Palo Alto and Cupertino these days. I think I might be falling in love with you, Luis. I'd do anything for you. You could be the love of my life, Luis."

Luis felt a sharp pain in his stomach; he started to cry. He hadn't seen this coming. "Oh Ashton, I have already met the love of my life. You're a wonderful guy and you're going to have a great life. But I already have someone who loves me and would do anything for me. And I love him as much and I'd do anything for him. I'm sorry, Ashton. I have to leave."

Ashton reached out for Luis's arm, but not fast enough. "Can I come with you? I don't care where it is."

"No," Luis said, "You're going to change the world and save millions of lives. You have to be here."

Luis turned fast and jogged out of the library. He wasn't sure where he was going or what he was going to do now. He passed Betsy Melchiorri and her girlfriends in the main lobby and didn't stop to say anything. He pushed the glass doors open, walked out on the main courtyard, and turned right. When he started jogging again, he heard a voice call out his name.

Luis stopped and turned back. He saw Jase coming in his direction and he didn't know what to do.

"Hey," Jase said. "I've been looking all over for you."

Luis refused to look Jase in the eye. "I was working."

Jase smiled. "I was thinking maybe we could take a quick camping trip up to Denali this coming weekend. You know, just you and me." He winked and poked Luis in the ribs.

Luis knew what Jase was doing and he couldn't let it happen again. Jase had to go back to dating women like Betsy Melchiorri and figure out who he was. Luis lifted his head and looked into Jase's eyes. "What about Betsy?"

"I'll tell her it's a weekend for the guys," Jase said. "She'll understand. She'll never suspect a thing." Jase sent him a naughty look and winked. "Besides, Betsy and I are just dating. We're not like engaged or anything."

Luis rolled his eyes. He never thought he'd see the day when he would be sneaking around with his own husband. This situation was overwhelming him to the point of physical pain. His head began to throb so much he could feel his heart beating in his temples. "I can't go with you, Jase. I'm going away, somewhere else."

Jase's jaw dropped. "Where?"

Luis thought fast. The only other person he really wanted to see in 1986 was his gay uncle. In the future, he would lose this uncle to AIDS the same year he would meet Jase. And Luis would never stop wondering if there was something more he could have done to keep his uncle alive. "I'm going to visit my uncle in Tennessee."

"But what about us?"

"Oh Jase," Luis said. "There isn't an 'us' right now. And you know it. I have to go." Then he turned and ran all the way back to the Nicholas house. He didn't look back once. He knew in his heart this was the right thing to do.

* * * *

An hour later, he arrived at the Nicholas house and no one was there. He entered through the back door, went up to Jase's bedroom, and changed into the white shirt and the black tuxedo pants with which he'd arrived. He tossed the clothes Jase had lent him into the hamper and sat down at Jase's desk to write a short note.

Dear Jase,

I want to thank you and your family for everything you've done for me.

I'm sorry I couldn't stay longer but I have to see my uncle. I wish you the best.

I know you're going to be very successful in the future. Please thank your grandfather for advancing me cash before I received my first paycheck. And tell him to take the check the high school owes me, cash it himself, and keep all the money. Again, thank you for all you've done for me.

Affectionately,

Luis Fortune

Luis re-read the note and wiped his eyes. He was crying so hard he couldn't see clearly. He thought about rewriting it and signing it "Love, Luis." But he changed his mind, took one last look at the bedroom, and left the house. After that, he walked into town and hitched a ride to Anchorage with a truck driver. Luis never had any problems getting a ride from strange men. All he had to do was stand on the side of the road and lift his thumb. This truck driver wanted to get into his pants; he tried several times. But Luis had learned how to handle his type years ago and nothing happened.

In Anchorage, he walked to the bus station and bought a one way ticket to Seattle. In Seattle, he bought another one way ticket to Las Vegas. This was all he could afford with the cash Judah had advanced him. From Las Vegas, he hitched a ride all the way to Tennessee with a robust woman truck driver who wore plaid flannel shirts, chewed tobacco, and began almost every sentence with the word fuck. She made him laugh more than once with her deep, throaty voice. And she never asked anything from him and never tried to get into his pants once.

When the woman dropped him off in Tennessee, she left him on a narrow road that was surrounded by farmland not far from where his uncle lived. Luis knew his uncle wouldn't recognize him as an adult. In 1986 Luis was barely six years old. Luis couldn't even remember if his uncle was out of the closet and living an openly gay life in 1986. The first time Luis realized his uncle was gay was when he overheard his mother and father murmuring about his uncle's "sick, depraved lifestyle," while they watched the eleven o'clock news. Luis must have been around thirteen years old at the time. He never asked his parents about his uncle; he figured they'd refuse to talk about it if he did. So he tried to figure it all out on his own.

He walked a mile or so until he reached the end of his uncle's long, dirt driveway. He could see the little white farm house in the distance. His uncle's old dog, a mongrel named Rusty, was chasing something around the front porch. When he was halfway down the driveway, he saw two people walk out of the house and step onto the porch. He knew the man was his Uncle Frank. He had the same tight, muscular build and the same dark hair Luis had. When Luis was a child, he thought his uncle had been the handsomest man in the entire world. He looked like a movie star and rock star combined.

Luis took a deep breath and continued walking. The other person with his uncle was a little boy and it didn't register at first. But when he saw the little boy pick up a baseball and toss it at the dog, he knew instantly it was his identical gay twin brother, Eddie. In the future Eddie would change his name to Gage when he moved to New York ... a dreadful name that reminded Luis of a gay pornstar. But Luis would always think of his twin brother as Eddie. Luis knew the little boy tossing the ball had to be Eddie, because when Luis was a child, he never would have looked at a baseball let alone toss one at the dog. Luis had never been into sports; Eddie had always loved anything to do with baseball.

As Luis approached the front lawn, the little boy dropped the baseball and flung him a wary glance. Luis's uncle rose from a rocking chair on the front porch and nodded in his direction. "What can I do for you?" his uncle asked.

Luis had prepared what he was going to say ahead of time. He knew his uncle had a good friend in San Franciso, a guy he occasionally referred to as Chip. "My name is Mike Masters. A guy named Chip told me to look you up when I got to Tennessee. I'm passing through on my way to New York and he said you might put me up for the night. I'm sorry I can't pay you anything. I don't have any money." He also knew his uncle had a soft heart and he wouldn't turn away someone in need of help. "I'd be willing to work for my keep."

Luis's uncle descended the steps and crossed the lawn to where Luis stood. The little boy remained still, gaping at this stranger who seemed to have arrived from nowhere. The uncle looked him up and down and rubbed his jaw. He was even better looking than Luis had remembered him in 1986. "I'm Frank. If Chip sent you here, I suppose I can put you up for the night. I have to take my nephew home. His mother and father took his twin brother to the hospital to have his tonsils out and I've been babysitting for a couple of days. I shouldn't be gone long. They only live a few miles away. You can come if you want."

Luis had forgotten all about his tonsils being removed. Though he was curious, he didn't want to see his mother or father. This would have been too much for him the handle. The last time he'd seen them they'd kicked him out of the house; it had taken years to forgive them for this. They'd died while he was living in New York. They were bible carrying Christians who would never accept him as a gay man, not in the future and not in 1986, and he knew there was nothing he could do to change that. "I'll wait right here on the porch," Luis said. "I don't mind." Some things were better left alone.

Luis glanced at the garage at the back of the house and saw the back of his uncle's Grand National and he smiled. It looked exactly like Jase's car. He knew his uncle babied the car and didn't drive it often; he hated getting it dirty.

Luis's uncle pulled the keys to his old white pick up truck out of his pocket and glanced at the little boy. "Let's go, Eddie. I'm sure your mom and pop will be anxious to see you."

Eddie dropped the baseball and walked toward the truck with the same cocky swagger he would one day have as an adult. On the way, he stopped, glanced up at Luis, and said, "You look like someone I know, mister."

Luis felt a chill pass through his body. "I do?" Eddie always was a little creepy that way.

Eddie nodded yes; he continued to stare at him.

"C'mon, Eddie," the uncle said. "Let's get moving. You've never seem him."

Before he climbed into the truck, Eddie glanced over his shoulder and smiled. This time the smile caught Luis off guard and his jaw dropped. When the uncle saw Luis's surprised reaction, he laughed and said, "Looks like you saw a ghost."

Later that night, Luis's uncle made fried chicken and mashed potatoes. Luis had three helpings and plopped into a rocking chair on the front porch after he insisted on washing and drying the dishes. The one thing that worried Luis about seeing his uncle as an adult was that his uncle might be attracted to him. But his uncle treated him like any other guest. He didn't say or do anything inappropriate that would embarrassed Luis. It was simply understood, as if they both shared an unspoken bond, that nothing would happen.

After dinner, they sat on the front porch and talked about San Francisco and the uncle's friend, Chip. Luis listened more than he spoke. He spoke with care so he wouldn't say the wrong thing. He'd been to San Francisco enough times to know the city in a basic sense, but he never went into detail about anything. He admitted he didn't even know Chip very well. He didn't come right out and say it aloud, but he implied, with a sheepish smile, that he and Chip had been casual lovers who only knew each other because they'd slept together a few times. His uncle seemed to believe this and he didn't probe for more information.

At first, Luis thought this was because his uncle was being polite. But then he noticed something deep and dark in his uncle's tone, as if he didn't really care what Luis said. So Luis decided to change the subject and talk about politics. He remembered how his uncle didn't have much faith in the President at the time, Ronald Reagan. And this was because Ronald Reagan refused to do anything to acknowledge or help people with AIDS. For a President to simply ignore a reality as significant as AIDS, it seemed unforgivable to Luis's uncle.

Luis made a snide remark about the President, hoping his uncle would be impressed. But his uncle closed his eyes, leaned forward, and rested his elbows on his knees. Then he buried his face in his hands and started crying. Luis sat there in stunned silence, waiting for him to stop, wondering what to do next.

When he did stop crying, Luis glanced at him and asked, "Is there anything I can do?" Luis wasn't sure why his uncle was crying. He couldn't remember if his uncle had gone through any serious issues in 1986. Even if he had, Luis's parents wouldn't have mentioned it openly.

His uncle exhaled and said, "I just found out I have AIDS. You're the first person I've said it aloud to. I never thought I'd live a long life. But I never thought it would be this short."

A lump formed in Luis's throat. He never knew exactly when his uncle had been diagnosed with AIDS. Growing up, he'd heard his parents talking about this, too, always with hushed tones and snide comments about what a deviant sinner his uncle was. Luis remembered his uncle had to stop working in the late 1980's and sell his Grand National. The small farm fell into disrepair to the point where the uncle had to move into an old trailer on the property. His uncle had been one of the more fortunate people diagnosed with AIDS in 1986, if there was such a thing. He'd managed to live long enough for HIV drugs like AZT to be developed. He started taking the drugs and his life improved for a while. To be able to afford these drugs, he sold off large chunks of farmland to maintain a meager existence in the rusted, dented trailer. Eventually, money ran out and he couldn't afford the exorbitant costs of the medications anymore; he didn't have medical insurance that covered prescription drugs. So he stopped taking them and tried all kinds of organic remedies that didn't work.

In the future, Luis would always feel so hopeless ... often guilty ... about the last years of his uncle's life. Luis's parents did nothing to help the uncle; they held their bibles and said it was God's will. Luis would be in New York by then, working hard to make enough money to help his uncle get back on the HIV meds. Luis sent him money whenever he could. But his uncle wouldn't last long enough to see Luis succeed in life. He died at the same time Luis met Jase and became a male model; just when things started getting better financially. By this time, it was too late.

Luis reached for his uncle's hands. He squeezed them and said, "I never knew you knew about this so soon. I always thought you were diagnosed in the 90's."

The uncle sent him a terrified glance. "What are you talking about? How could you know anything about me?"

"I have to tell you something, Uncle Frank," Luis said. "I don't know Chip. I didn't come from San Francisco. You're not going to believe me at first. But I have to tell you anyway. I don't have anyone else to tell."

Chapter Fourteen

"Why is it so cold now?" Luis asked. He was about to tell his uncle the truth about who he was, and then the wind kicked up, the trees in front of the house began to sway, and the temperature dropped at least fifty degrees in a matter of minutes. Luis looked up at the sky and said, "This is ridiculous. This is Tennessee in June. It's supposed to be hot. Is the whole world turning sideways?"

Luis's uncle smiled and stood up from the rocking chair. "We'd better go inside and I'll build a nice warm fire. There's an unusual, once-in-a-lifetime cold front moving down from Alaska tonight. They say it's been on its way all day and it's strong."

"From Alaska? This makes no sense. Cold fronts come down from Canada, not Alaska."

His uncle shrugged. "I said it was unusual."

A few minutes later, while the logs in the fireplace crackled and the living room lit up with a warm amber glow, Luis gazed through the front window with wide eyes. He was sitting on the same window seat he used to sit on when he was a child and he visited his uncle's farm, with his elbow resting on the windowsill and his chin in his palm. "I can't believe it's snowing out. This is insane."

Uncle Frank sat quietly in a beige wing chair and with his legs crossed and his hands folded on his lap. "They said it's going to be a once-in-a-lifetime experience."

Luis rolled his eyes and said, "I've had enough of those unusual experiences lately to last me a lifetime." Then he stood up and went to the beige wing chair on the other side of the fireplace and sat down.

"I'm feeling better now," the uncle said. "I like the winter and the snow more than I like the hot buggy summers. I think everything is going to be okay."

Luis smiled. "I remember you always said that about winter."

"You remember?" He sent Luis a glance and tipped his head sideways. "I'm not sure I understand."

Luis leaned forward and looked into his uncle's eyes. He warned his uncle that what he was about to say would be outrageous; he said it might even sound crazy. But his uncle sat there smiling and offering him reassuring nods. He promised Luis he wouldn't throw him out or call the police. So Luis took a deep breath, exhaled, and told his uncle everything, from Jase's twenty-five year reunion to waking up in 1986 as a full grown man. And while Luis spoke, the uncle didn't blink or frown once; not a hint of judgment could be seen in his eyes. By the time Luis was finished talking, he was out of breath and completely exhausted.

"That's an interesting story," the uncle said.

"But you don't believe me."

"The only thing that matters is what you believe."

Luis frowned. "You must think I'm crazy. I'm claiming to be your grown nephew who has someone managed to find his way back to 1986, on a cold snowy night in June, from the year 2011. Even I don't believe what I'm saying. I'm surprised you're still sitting there with such a calm expression."

"I've learned not to question everything that happens in life," the uncle said. He lifted a thick book from a small pie crust table beside the wing chair. "I'm reading a book about a man who claims he's able to see different frequencies and talk to the dead. He helps a lot of people get through rough times. If that's possible, anything is possible."

"Then you believe me, Uncle Frank." Luis stood up, crossed to the other side of the fireplace, and gave his uncle a hug.

His uncle patted his back and said, "Like I said, it doesn't matter what I believe, kid. The only thing that matters is what you believe. We're all traveling through time with our own concept of reality and what's authentic, at our own individual pace. Some believe in infinite, spiritual, creative wisdom, and others believe in frequencies and spiritual connections that keep us all bonded ... even when we aren't aware of it. If you say you're my grown nephew who has come back here from the future, who am I to doubt you?"

Luis hugged him again. "You were always my favorite relative. I knew you'd understand. I knew you'd believe me."

Luis's uncle stood up and covered the open fireplace with a screen. Then he put his palm on the small of Luis's back and said, "Let's take a ride. There's someone I'd like you to meet. You can borrow one of my jackets. I'm sure it's freezing out by now."

"Where are we going?"

"You'll see," Uncle Frank said. "I think you'll be surprised and I think it might help you find some of the answers you've been searching for."

Although this was getting way too unusual for Luis's taste, he put on his uncle's jacket and followed him out to the truck. As they drove through the snowy back roads of rural Tennessee, the uncle's old pick up truck slipped and slid so many times Luis was afraid they'd both wind up in a ditch and freeze to death. But that thought almost made Luis laugh. When Luis realized he wasn't even sure he was alive anymore, he stopped worrying and sank back into his seat with his arms folded across his chest. For all Luis knew, he could have been dead. Maybe he'd choked to death on a piece of crab meat at the reunion.

They drove for about twenty minutes, until they reached a small house on the edge of town. It looked exactly like one of the stone cottages at the end of Luis's driveway at what would one day be Luis's house in the country, Cider Mill Farm. Even the white picket fence that surrounded the cottage looked identical to the fence in front of the stone cottage at Cider Mill Farm. A chill ran up Luis's spine and he felt like asking his uncle to turn around and go back to the farm.

Luis's uncle parked up front, next to a large red l986 Cadillac, and said, "I think you'll enjoy this very much. I have a good friend who lives here and he's very interested in spiritual guides and frequencies. He has a crystal ball and he uses tarot cards. And he's a very nice man, too."

Luis opened his door and said, "If you say so. I trust your judgment, Uncle Frank." Luis knew his uncle would never steer him in the wrong direction.

The snow was about four inches deep by then. They plodded up a narrow path to the front door of the cottage and the uncle pulled a string that was connected to a large brass bell next to the front door. The bell rang out five times, and then the front door opened and a man with soft white hair greeted them with a huge, hearty smile and bright red cheeks.

Luis's uncle hugged the man and said, "I know it's late. But I'm hoping you can help me with a small problem." He glanced over his shoulder at Luis and smiled.

Luis's mouth hung open and he couldn't find his voice. The man standing in the doorway looked identical to his good friend who would one day live in the stone cottage at Cider Mill Farm, the Reverend von Klingensmith. The quirky old man standing there now even had the same deep, throaty voice that bellowed from the bottom of his stomach.

The uncle turned and gestured to Luis. "This young man says he's my grown nephew, Luis Fortune. He says he comes from the year 2011, but he isn't sure how he got here." He turned to Luis. "And Luis, this is my old friend, Reverend von Klingensmith."

Luis lunged at the old man with white hair. "Tho-mas," he said, pronouncing the old man's name with the accent on the second syllable instead of the first, "I can't believe it's you. I've never been so happy to see anyone in my life." Then Luis threw his arms around the old man and hugged him so hard the old guy almost lost his balance.

The Reverend and Luis's uncle exchanged glances and the Reverend said, "I don't think we've met before. But it is nice meeting you, young man."

Luis knew his old friend wouldn't recognize him, so he didn't pursue the issue. "It's so good to see you."

"Let's go inside and get out of this snow," The Reverend said. "These cold fronts from Alaska can be very tricky. You never know when they are going to swoop down on you."

When they went into the stone cottage, the Reverend Thomas von Klingensmith led them to his small living room and Luis's uncle explained Luis's problem in detail. He told the old man Luis wanted to get back to his real life, in the year 2011, and join his family and all his loved ones again. Then Luis reached out and grabbed von Klingensmith's hands and squeezed them. He begged the old man to help him get back to his real life so he could be with Jase and his son again. Luis said he would be willing to do anything the old man wanted him to do.

The Reverend listened to everything they said, and then he paced the room a few times and let it all process. When he was finished pacing, he told Luis and his uncle to sit down and wait for him. He said he had to prepare and it would take a minute or two. Then he disappeared to the back of the cottage and didn't return until twenty minutes later. And when he came back, he was wearing some kind of formal religious clerics that reminded Luis of a cross between the Pope and a drag queen. His long purple robe was studded with rhinestones and trimmed with white ostrich feathers. There was gold embroidery on the back and front. On his head, he wore an over-sized purple pillbox hat that had a huge round diamond on top, with more gold and rhinestone trim around the edges. On his feet he wore purple velvet slippers with rhinestones. He had a large, exaggerated ring on every finger and it looked as if he'd dotted his lips with pale pink lip gloss. In one hand he carried a large book; in the other a small red velvet sack.

The old man crossed into the room, with the purple robe flowing and ostrich feathers fluttering, and set a large book down on a game table behind the sofa. He opened the book to a marked page and turned to face Luis. "I haven't done anything like this in a long time, not since my days in Virginia Beach with the old psychics. I'm not sure it will work. The frequencies have to be in the exact perfect positions. But I'll do my best to help you." Then he handed the red velvet sack to Luis and said, "Go back to the small bedroom and put these things on. And don't take too long. The spirit guides are telling me we have to act fast."

Luis took the sack from von Klingensmith and opened it. When he looked inside, he saw a paper thin slivery, sparkly robe and a pair of slivery, sparkly quarter boots with six inch spiked stilettos. He blinked and said, "I'm supposed to put these on?" This was getting weirder by the minute. All he needed was a brassy blond wig and two inch fake fingernails.

The Reverend sent him a serious glance. "It's the only way, if you really want to get back to your life."

Luis glanced at his uncle. "There's no way I'm doing this. I'd feel like an idiot."

The uncle was standing off to the side of the room observing, and his hands were folded below his waist. He smiled at Luis and said, "You can trust him. He knows what he's doing."

So Luis sighed and took the red sack to a small bedroom off the kitchen at the back of the cottage. He stripped down to nothing and covered his body with the thin silver robe, and then he slipped his bare feet into the silver stiletto quarter boots and looked into a cloudy mirror. The robe was so short it barely covered his buttocks. The spiked stilettos were so high he could barely stand up straight.

When he went back out to join his uncle and the Reverend, he glanced at his uncle and said, "I don't have a good feeling about this. I feel like a blithering idiot."

The uncle smiled. "You'll be fine, trust me."

The old man said, "Are we ready to begin?" He was staring at the open book.

Luis's gaze remained fixed on his uncle. "One thing before we begin." He clamped his hands together and leaned forward. If this did work and Luis did go back to his real life in 2011, he might not get a chance to ever see his uncle alive again. He told his uncle, "Please do me one favor. You have to take care of yourself. I want you to know my son and my husband in the future. You have to take your medicine. Promise me you will."

The uncle shrugged. "But there is no medicine for what I have, kid."

Luis shook his head. "But there will be, and you have to take it. I want you in my life for as long as I can. You have to promise me you'll do this."

The uncle walked to where Luis was standing. He hugged him, kissed him on the cheek, and said, "I'll do my best. But I honestly can't promise anything. That's not how life works, and you know it. Sometimes no matter how hard we try to control things fate takes over and a larger plan develops and we're helpless."

Luis held his uncle tighter than he'd ever held anyone in his life. For a moment, he believed if he held him this way he'd keep him in is life forever. He had a sinking feeling in his stomach because he wasn't sure his uncle was paying attention to him. "Do your best, then. That's all I ask."

"I will," said the uncle, and then he went back to the side of the room so he wouldn't be in the way.

The Reverend von Klingensmith lit about four dozen candles all over the room. Then he lit some kind of brass jug that contained strong, spicy incense and started swinging it back and forth very slowly. The smoke trickled out in long, perfect streams and swirled into the air. Von Klingensmith smiled at Luis and glanced down at the book on the game table. When he started to speak, his voice rang out in a language Luis didn't recognize. It sounded part French, part Latin, and part Italian. The words he spoke ran together and resembled a long stream of absolute gibberish. While the Reverend spoke, Luis felt a breeze pass through the room and the flames on the candles began to flicker. The next thing Luis knew the Reverend lifted his arms and shouted something in this deplorable, incoherent language and all the candles went out at once.

When the room went dark, there was a loud bang at the front door and someone ran into the Reverend von Klingensmith's living room. A pair of strong arms scooped Luis up and carried him outside so fast Luis didn't have a chance to question what was happening. Luis wrapped his arms around a set of broad shoulders. The snow continued to fall and the wind blew but Luis didn't feel cold or wet. Though he was only wearing a sheer silver robe and silver stiletto boots, he felt warm and safe.

When Luis was outside and he realized he was in Jase's arms, he smacked Jase in the back of the head and said, "What are you doing? They were trying to help me and you've ruined everything. Now I'll never get back home."

Jase carried him to his Grand National and opened the passenger door. He shoved Luis into the front seat and said, "I had to find you. I couldn't let you leave that way. I was going out of my mind. I want to be with you. I can't live without you." Then he slammed the door and jogged to the other side of the car.

When Jase got in, he was soaked with wet snow. His sandy hair dripped all over the black leather seats and it looked as if he hadn't shaved in days.

"How did you find me?" Luis asked. "You ruined everything now. I'll never get back to my life."

"I kept looking for you," Jase said. "I remembered the name of the small town you said you came from in Tennessee. He moved closer. He put his hand up under the thin silver robe and rested it on Luis's ass. "Your life is with me, not here or anywhere else."

None of this made sense to Luis. It seemed impossible Jase would be able to locate him this way. But then nothing at all seemed to make sense and Luis was tired to trying to figure things out. At this point, he seriously started to believe he was dead. "You have to leave."

"I want you with me," Jase said. "I know I don't have any money right now, but I'll make plenty of money soon. I promise I will."

"I don't care about money," Luis said. "I've never cared about how much money you have. If you never made a dime in your entire life, I'd still love you just as much."

"That's why you have to come home with me," Jase said. "You've changed the world for me, Luis."

Luis pushed him back, and then he jumped out of the car and started running toward the cottage. It wasn't easy running with high heels in the snow. He had to concentrate hard so he wouldn't fall. But he had to get back there: he was hoping his uncle and the Reverend would still be there to help him. But when Luis reached the gate, Jase grabbed him by the waist and lifted him up again. The robe opened and it exposed Luis's naked body. Jase was too strong; Luis couldn't fight him no matter how hard he kicked and pushed. Jase carried him to a large white gazebo on the other side of the cottage and set him down on a pale blue blanket trimmed in silver brocade. Then Jase went down and climbed on top of him.

When Jase mounted him, the silver robe went up and exposed most of Luis's naked body. No matter how hard Luis tried, he couldn't get Jase off him. Jase kissed him everywhere, from his elbows to his earlobes. He squeezed Luis's ass and bit his neck. At one point, when Jase slid his hand up the back of Luis's leg and pressed his fingertips to Luis's anus, Luis stopped fighting and kissed Jase on the mouth. But when Luis grasped the magnitude of all this, he gave Jase one quick shove and climbed out from under him.

Luis stood up and ran to the other side of the gazebo, balancing himself on the high heels the best he could. "You have to leave Jase." His eyes began to sting.

Jase stood up and ran his fingers through his hair. His expression was desperate and there were tears rolling down his cheeks. "I can't. I love you too much to let you go. I came all this way and I'm not leaving without you."

Tears rolled down Luis's face. He clenched his fists and turned to face Jase. "I love you, too. But I have to leave. I'm trapped and there's nothing you can do to help me. I can't do anything to change the future or the past. I've never felt so helpless and without control. And I'm terrified I'm going to ruin everything in your future, Jase ... in our future." Luis pressed his fists to his stomach and leaned forward. He couldn't stop thinking about his son, Hunter. If Jase and Luis got together now, it would mean Jase would never get that other woman pregnant and there would be no Hunter in the future. Luis didn't want this to happen. His body started to tremble and the tears grew heavier. "Please leave me alone. Go back to Alaska and forget all about me. It's the best thing you can do right now. You have to trust me on this."

No matter how much Luis pleaded, Jase didn't seem to care. He was as stubborn and headstrong as he'd always been. When Jase Nicholas wanted something, he made sure he got it, without thinking about the consequences. He crossed to where Luis stood and pulled a small box out of his pocket. He handed the box to Luis and said, "I got this present for you. I hope you like it."

Luis stopped crying. He took the box with one hand and wiped his eyes with the other. When he opened the box, he glanced down at a large gold ring in the most unusual design he'd ever seen. It was exactly like a ring Jase would give him one day in the future. The top of the ring opened and there was a place to insert a small photo. "Where did you get this?"

"I had it made," Jase said. "I thought you'd like it."

Luis removed the ring from the box and slipped it onto his ring finger. It was the perfect fit. Then he tugged at the top of the ring and opened a small gold lid. When he looked down and saw the photo, he gasped and said, "It's Hunter."

Jase blinked. "Who the fuck is Hunter?"

"Our son, you idiot." Luis couldn't take his eyes off the photo. He couldn't stop smiling.

"I don't know what you're talking about, Luis," Jase said. "It's a photo of me when I was a kid. I got it from my gram before I left Alaska."

Luis smiled. "I should have known." In the future, Luis would see photos of Jase as a child and he would always marvel at how identical Hunter and Jase were as children.

Jase placed his hands gently on Luis's waist and slowly turned him around. He unfastened a few hooks on the thin silver robe and carefully eased it back over Luis's shoulders. The robe slid from Luis's body and fell to the gazebo floor. Jase kissed Luis's shoulders one at a time and said, "You have the softest skin I've ever kissed. And those silver high heels are very sexy."

Luis smiled. "You always were a little kinky about things like that." In the future, Jase loved it when Luis put on kinky boots and black leather accessories.

Jase kissed him and laughed. "I have a dirty mind and I'm a pervert. But that's only because I love you so much. You make me think that way."

Luis reached up and rested his palms on Jase's shoulders. Though Luis knew he might never get back to his real life if he submitted to Jase that night, he couldn't fight the love he felt for Jase any longer. He sighed and leaned into Jase's wet body. When he did this, Jase placed his palms against Luis's naked back and lowered him to the floor. He rested Luis in the middle of the fluffy blue blanket and climbed on top of him. He pulled down his zipper and pointed his dick toward the softest spot between Luis's legs. Luis pulled him closer and wrapped his legs around Jase's wet pants. And when Jase entered him, Luis opened his legs as wide as he could and forgot all about why he'd been crying.

Chapter Fifteen

Before Luis opened his eyes, he heard The Reverend von Klingensmith's voice chanting in an incoherent language. Then he heard his son, Hunter, calling his name in the distance. He felt a surge of panic pass through his body. These weren't clear sounds. They were more like muffled whispers floating through his head and he couldn't seem to focus on them, or grasp them, for longer than a second.

Then someone reached for his hand and he opened his eyes. He glanced to the right and looked into Jase's eyes. He looked over Jase's shoulder and saw dozens of ornate flower arrangements set against stark white walls, set upon shelves and furniture he'd never seen before. He blinked and rubbed his eyes with his other hand. He took a quick breath and said, "Jase, you're old again."

Jase squeezed his hand and smiled. "Excuse me. I'm sorry I don't look my best. I've been up for the last twenty-four hours waiting for you to wake up."

"Where am I? What happened?" The room looked vaguely familiar. But he couldn't quite place it.

"You're in the hospital," Jase said. "We're in Anchorage. It's the same hospital room in ICU where they had my father when he had his heart attack. After you went down at the reunion, I had you flown to Anchorage so you'd get the best care. You hit your head hard and they had to sedate you and keep watching over you for the last forty-eight hours." He leaned forward and a tear ran down his cheek. "I've never been so frightened in my life. I thought I was going to lose you. You've never seen me scream and shout at people so much." He wiped a tear and smiled. "You would have been so embarrassed."

Luis glanced to the left at a wall of sealed windows. There was a flat screen TV in the corner and a gray vinyl chair below it. "I'm in the hospital?"

"You had an allergic reaction to the shell fish at the reunion," Jase said. "Your throat closed and you lost consciousness. That's how you went down and hit your head. You almost died. In fact, the doctors are shocked you're actually alive. They lost you twice and revived you." He was still so emotional about this he had to turn away and wipe his eyes.

"I'm not allergic to shell fish," Luis said. "I'm not allergic to anything." For a moment, he thought he might be dreaming again.

"Sometimes it happens," Jase said. "At least that's what the doctor's said. People can develop allergies at any point in their lives. And you've got it bad with shell fish. You almost died from the reaction. But the fall on top of that made it worse."

Luis was beginning to remember. The crab had been so good, and he'd been so starved, he couldn't stop eating it. Then he remembered his throat closing and becoming light-headed. He sent Jase a glance and said, "I had the strangest dream. I went back to 1986 and you were eighteen years old. You drove me around in your Grand National."

Jase laughed. "I haven't thought about that car in years."

Luis took a quick breath. "I kept trying to tell you to leave me alone because I was afraid I'd ruin our future together. But you wouldn't listen to me. I ran to Tennessee and there was a huge snow storm in June. You followed me there. You wouldn't leave me alone and I couldn't fight you. I wasn't strong enough."

Jase leaned closer to Luis's side. He looked into his eyes. "I will never leave you alone. I love you too much and you should know that."

"You didn't have any money back then," Luis said. "You were a poor eighteen year old guy starting out in the world. And I loved you as much then, without money. It didn't matter to me. Nothing mattered to me but being with you."

"You always say if I were to have a reversal of fortune you'd still stick by me," Jase said.

"I'll prove it," Luis said. "Give everything you own away today. Do it right now. And see what happens. I'm not going anywhere."

Jase laughed. "We don't have to get that dramatic. Rich is way better."

Luis didn't disagree. "I also saw my Uncle Frank. He'd just been diagnosed with AIDS. I tried to help him. He was so kind to me. I'd almost forgotten what a kind man he was."

"I'm sorry," Jase said. "I know how much you loved him and wanted to help him stay alive. I remember how devastated you were about him dying when we first met."

Jase didn't have to say another word for Luis to understand he hadn't been able to change his uncle's future. He smiled. "No, it's wasn't bad this time. It was nice seeing him." He decided not to mention what had happened with the Reverend von Klingensmith. There were some things about his trip back in time he wanted to keep private.

Before Jase could speak, the door of Luis's room opened and Luis glanced at a man in a dark suit. The man carried a book in his right hand. He wore a black turtle neck sweater and a black leather sport jacket. He seemed to be about the same age as Jase and he had a well-trimmed dark beard. At first Luis couldn't place him, but then he pointed and said, "Alec Stark, is it really you? You're not in a wheel chair. You're walking."

Jase and Alec exchanged glances. They ignored Luis's remark about the wheel chair.

Alec sent Luis a smile and said, "Yes, it's me. I wanted to stop by on my way to the airport and drop off a copy of my latest novel. It's a new release. Hope you're not into reading e-books yet." He set the thick book on the tray next to the bed.

Luis smiled. "I'm totally not into e-books yet. I'll make this the last print book I ever read before I do get into e-books."

Jase stood up and walked toward Alec. He put his arm around him and said, "This guy has been great through all this. He helped me get you here and he's been waiting with me the whole time."

"You're not in a wheel chair," Luis said. "You didn't go to Betsy Melchiorri's swimming party after all."

When Luis mentioned this, Alec set the book down on the tray beside his table and asked, "How on earth did you know about Betsy's swimming party? She's never forgiven me for not going. I wound up getting drunk the night before at another graduation party and I was hung over the next day. I should have gone; I wasn't that hung over. For some reason I didn't feel like going. She's never forgiven me."

Luis laughed. He was so glad to see Alec wasn't in a wheel chair he wanted to jump out of bed and hug him. Though Luis would never know for certain, maybe he had been able to alter fate for at least one person. "Trust me, you didn't miss much. Betsy's parties suck."

Jase asked, "How would you know?"

"Never mind," Luis said. "I was only thinking aloud."

"I have a plane to catch," Alec said. "But I'll be in touch soon. It was good seeing Jase again and I'm looking forward to getting to know you guys better."

Then Jase and Alec hugged and Alec shook Luis's hand. When he left, Luis glanced down at Alec's novel and a chill passed through him when he read the title: Guys Riding on Motorcycles with Guys. He smiled and said, "How do you like that?"

Jase shrugged. "Looks like a good book. I can't wait to read it."

Luis couldn't wait to read it either. But when he started to wonder about whether or not he'd changed anything else about the future his first thoughts ran to Hunter. "Have you heard anything from your mother and Isabelle in Florida? Is Hunter okay?"

Jase hesitated for a moment. He didn't say anything. He stared at Luis with a blank expression a minute too long.

Luis felt a lump in his throat. "What's wrong? Is Hunter okay?" Luis's biggest fear was Jase would reply with, "Who's Hunter?" If Luis could alter Alec's future in such a powerful way, maybe he'd altered Jase's.

Jase went back to the bed and leaned over so he could hug Luis. He put his arms around him, kissed him on the lips, and said, "I had to let them know. Big mouth Betsy Melchiorri called the newspapers, sold the story, along with photos from her cell phone, to tabloids. She told them what happened to you and it went viral within hours. I didn't want Hunter and my mother and grandmother to find out by watching TV so I called them immediately."

Leave it to that fucking Melchiorri bitch to do something so underhanded. She was probably hoping Luis would drop dead so she could try to get back with Jase. "I hope it didn't ruin their trip," Luis said. "I know how much they were looking forward to Disney World." At least Luis hadn't altered Jase's life. Everything seemed normal.

"Everything is fine with Hunter," Jase said. "I told them not to come back and reassured them you're going to be fine. The only problem is there's a video of you unconscious floating around the Internet and it's not the most flattering image. I'm sorry. There was nothing I could do. Betsy was always like that. She could never be trusted, always a back stabber."

The last thing Luis cared about was an unflattering video. "I'm so sorry I caused you so much trouble."

"I'm fine," Jase said. "But I even got a call from Elena in France. She was panic stricken when she heard about what happened to you. She was ready to fly over here."

Luis smiled. Elena was the woman in France he did guest blog posts for on a gay web site called, Elena's Romantic Treasures and Tidbits. "I'll send her an e-mail when I get out of here."

Jase sat down on the edge of the bed and wrapped his arms around Luis. "I'm sorry I drove you so crazy these last few months. I don't know what got into me. I guess I panicked when I started thinking about getting older. I've been an asshole. And it took a life and death crisis to wake me up. I'll never do it again."

"You don't have to apologize to me, Jase," Luis said. He reached for the back of Jase's head and guided it slowly to his chest. He glanced at a small metal tag attached to the machine next to his bed that read, Ashton Fletcher Medical Equipment, Palo Alto, California, and smiled. "I want to go home as soon as I can."

Jase rested his head on Luis's chest and closed his eyes. While Luis caressed the back of Jase's head, he wondered about the future. "Do you think it's possible to alter fate?"

"I don't know," Jase said. "Sometimes I do."

For a moment, Jase's head remained on Luis's chest, and then he rose to his feet and walked to the door. "I have to find the doctor and see about getting you discharged. I'm hoping we can get you out of here soon."

Luis smiled. "I'd like that, because first thing Monday morning I want to look into adopting a child. I think you're right about Hunter needing a brother or sister. And I'd like to help alter a child's fate if I can. Maybe we'll adopt several children."

When Luis said this, Jase's face lit up and he ran back to the bed. He threw his arms around Luis and hugged him as tightly as he could. While Jase whispered how much he loved Luis and cried on his shoulder, Luis held Jase's arms and thought about the all the wonderful possibilities that went along with adopting a child. Hunter would finally have a sibling. An innocent child would be given privileges beyond what most people could only imagine. And there would be so much love within their home nothing else would matter. If there was one thing Luis had learned from his journey back in time it was that the only thing that really mattered was love. The love of family, the love of life, and the love of a good man like Jase. And when Luis adopted a child, in his own small way, he would be changing the world.

