Prologue

Iraq, 2003

There wasn't anything on earth much hotter than the desert in August. Steele lay in the hole he'd dug in the sand under his tent to keep him sheltered in case of a mortar attack, trying to remember the cool, honeysuckle-scented breezes that used to ease the hot summers of his childhood.

If he lay here long enough, he could almost block out the sounds of army operations in the background. The sound of trucks moving, soldiers calling out to each other. The smell of blood, sweat, and fear. The feel of the hard, hot rifle biting into his side as he kept it tucked in beside him.

God, he just wanted to go home again.

His thoughts turned to Brian, who up until two days ago had shared this tent with him, and winced.

Maybe he didn't want to go home after all.

He could still feel the sting of Teresa's words after he'd called her to see how she was doing.

How do you think I'm doing, a**hole? I just had to go tell my six-year-old son that his father is dead. I hate you, you worthless bastard! You swore to me that you'd keep him alive. You're the one who should be dead, not him. No one would even care if it were you.

The worst part was, he knew she was right. Brian wouldn't have even been here if Steele hadn't talked him into enlisting with him after college. They'd been childhood friends together, and Brian had worshipped him. Teresa had wanted Brian to go into the corporate world, but stupid him, he'd talked Brian out of it.

"C'mon, Brian, I'll take care of you. It'll be just like it was when we were kids. Remember how we'd play pretend soldier with our BB guns? It'll be great. Just the two of us, watching each other's backs. No one can touch us."

Now he was paying for that arrogance.

It should have been him who'd died-no one would give two shits if it had been. Teresa's hatred was irrational, but then a lot of army wives went through that when their spouses died. Even though they knew the risks, the reality of it was hard to swallow and even harder to live with.

Maybe in time she'd forgive him.

He let out a slow, tired breath, which was halted as two men came into his tent, carrying army<br/>

She heard a chorus of laughter from the other federal agents in the office.

"You are so vicious," Tee said with a light laugh.

"Hence the nickname."

Tee shook her head. "You know it's bad when you make me look like Glinda the Good Witch, right?"

"Just call me Elphaba. But don't drop a house on me, 'kay?"

As usual, Tee played right along with her humor. "All right, El. Is this one a go?"

Syd hesitated as she considered it. "I don't know."

Tee pulled out the picture of him, bare-chested and sweaty as he did sit-ups that showed off every bit of his eight-pack of abs. She waved it in front of her, like a piece of delectable chocolate.

"C'mon, Syd. Trust me. Youwant to talk to this one. Youneed to talk to this one." Then she deepened her voice. "C'mon, baby, I'm too sexy for my shirt..."

Laughing, Syd shook her head. Tee was incorrigible. "Only if you promise me he won't be chasing after a quick lay. I don't need or want any more playboys in my life." Syd had had her fill of men like that. She'd made a blood oath that the next time such a man entered her life, she'd shoot him herself.

Or give him a taste of what she'd given Hunter.

Tee returned the picture to her folder. "All right, then. We'll head out to meet him within the hour. Can you be ready?"

Syd glanced at her computer. She had a lot of work to do, but she needed to make sure this one would work out. She couldn't afford to have another man let her down.

It wasn't easy to find a cold-blooded killer who could go in and complete this assignment without any remorse, questions, or hiccups.

From his file, Steele looked to be just what the doctor ordered, and Army men were good at following orders.

But then, convicts weren't...

Syd sighed as she ran through the good and bad of dealing with this man. If he didn't pan out for whatever reason, there wouldn't be time to find a replacement sniper. They'd already been through countless files of Marines, SWAT, Army...the works. None of them had been right.

Scuba-diving convict loon that Steele was, he was all or nothing.

God help them.

"Yeah. I'll tag along for a look-see."

"Good. Oh, and I almost forgot the best part.... you know our friends at Asset Protection?"

Syd ground her teeth at the mention of the "security" company that was a known front for organized crime, mercenaries, and hired assassins. "What about them?"

"They've been in contact with our boy Steele. I have it on good authority that they even made an employment offer not too long back."

A slow smile spread across her face. Oh, yeah, hewas perfect.

Tee winked at her. "Do whatever you need to to get ready while I go arm-wrestle Joe into this."

Syd watched as Tee made her way back to the private office that she shared with their director, Joe Public. When Syd had signed on with the agency, her agenda had been solely to protect those who couldn't protect themselves.

It was an oath she took most seriously. If she failed in this mission, there was no telling what repercussions could affect not just her life, but millions of others.

Who would have ever thought that the best way to save lives was to take one? But then that was what Joe had preached to her from the first day on her job.

He even had a name for it. Political pruning. In order to make the tree grow, the dead, diseased, and contaminated limbs had to be removed. If they didn't fall off on their own, then you had to get the chain saw out and cut them loose. At first she'd been naive enough to think that she could never be so jaded. But time and missions had finally succeeded in bringing her around to Joe's way of thinking.

It was a dog-eat-dog world, and she had the biggest bite of all.

Two

"The man took a potshot at his commanding officer."

Ignoring his comment, Tee leaned against Joe's desk to read over his shoulder. He was looking at the folder she'd handed him, which contained the dossier for her latest possible recruit: Joshua Steele, former Army sniper, now semipermanent resident of Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.

She couldn't understand Joe's reticence about that one little fact that had sent Steele to jail. Normally he saw good potential whenever she handed it to him.

"Yeah, so? He's surly, ill-tempered. Marches to his own tune and makes quick decisions. Okay, granted, shooting at the CO, not bright, but we all do stupid things from time to time. Other than that one tiny critical error in judgment, he sounds like a perfect recruit for the Bureau of American Defense."

Joe gave her a droll stare as he closed the file. "He took a potshot at his commanding officer."

For her life, Tee couldn't understand why he was hung up on that. "So? He's even passed Syd's scrutiny, and I know I don't have to tell you what a death-defying feat that is."

"Iwould be his commanding officer, Tiger. Don't you think you've already gotten me shot enough times in my career?"

She rolled her eyes at him and snatched the folder from his hands. "You're never going to get over Prague, are you?"

He gave her an indignant glare as he slapped at his leg. "You shot me in the thigh."

She snorted. "It was only the fleshy part."

"Fleshy part, my ass. Another millimeter or two more, and the boys would have been history."

She waved a hand dismissively as she returned to her metal desk, which was set just across from his. Unlike his, which was always kept scrupulously clean, hers was littered with catalogs, files, papers and several small Amy Brown statues that she collected. "Yeah, yeah, be glad I was tired and my aim was off." She put the folder in her large black briefcase. "Now stop being a baby and make the call."

He continued to glare at her. "Why is it when I'm the one shot, I'm a baby, but when it's you, it's a matter of life and death and national security?"

"Because I'm cuter in a short skirt. Now make the call, Joe."

"Make the call, Joe," he mocked as he reached for his antiquated Rolodex. Personally, she much preferred her small PDA, but Joe was virtually a technophobe-he hated anything that was electronic. Except for the TV remote, and that was one penchant she didn't want to even think about.

He opened the cover and started spinning through the cards. "You do realize that I am the head of this agency, right?"

Tee made a rude noise at him as she opened up her filing drawer and rooted around in it for the rest of Steele's paperwork, which she'd already gathered. "Figurehead, you mean. You couldn't find the key to the door in the morning unless I handed it to you first."

He continued to flip through the cards without looking at her. "Only because I'm not a morning person."

She gave him an arch stare. "And you're not a night person either. Face it, babe. You've only got two good minutes a day. The minute before noon and the minute right after."

He cast a feral glare at her that might have actually scared her if she wasn't packing an even higher-caliber weapon than he was. "You know, I could fire you. I could even arrange to get you killed. Or kill you myself."

Tee organized some of the more errant papers on her desk while he blustered at her. "Ooo, big scary threat. That might hold water if it wasn't for the fact that I know how much you hate paperwork."

"I do know how to operate a computer."

She had to force herself not to laugh at that one. The first thing she'd learned years ago when they had been partners in the CIA was that Joe Public would rather be hit in the head with a tack hammer than sit at a desk, working on a computer.

"Yeah, right. What was it you said just ten minutes ago? Get this damned thing off my desk before I shoot it? Now make the call, Mr. Hunt-and-Peck."

Joe tossed a piece of rolled-up paper at her before he dialed the phone.

Tee caught it, kissed it, then hurled it back at him.

It rebounded off his head.

He growled at her as he bent over, like any good obsessive-compulsive, picked it up from the floor, and tossed it into the garbage can. "I really should fire you."

Tee would have commented that she wasn't that lucky, but just as she opened her mouth, he started talking to their Army contact. She forced herself not to smile at the fact that she was getting her way...again. But then she almost always did with Joe. He was like a big surly bear in a cave. You poked him, he growled threateningly, then moved aside as he rubbed his tush and glared menacingly at you.

Then again, Joe only did that for her.

Deep down, she knew the truth. Joe Public was never a pushover. He was hard-nosed, callous, and stern, one of the best agents the CIA had ever trained. Joe didn't know the meaning of the wordplay.

Which was a shame, given just how good the man looked. He had long, dark brown hair that he usually<br/>

Here at Club Leavenworth, daily humiliation was just par for the course. And if he was really lucky, they might even wake him up in the middle of the night and let him scrub toilets with his toothbrush again.

Oh, goody.

Grinding his teeth, he forced himself not to react as Hank grabbed his arm and hauled him toward the visitation room that was reserved for conferring with attorneys. It was one he hadn't seen any more of since his attorney had told him that the last appeal they could make had been turned down flat. Now the attorney, who had cost him every dime he'd had, wouldn't even return his calls. Yeah...his life was just a bowl full of laughs.

Needless to say, he wasn't particularly thrilled by being here again as those repressed emotions went through him, stoking his anger.

Once they reached the correct room-which, as fate would have it, happened to be the one where he'd lost his last hope-the guard opened the door, then shoved him into it.

Steele stumbled a step before he caught his balance and went ramrod stiff. His nostrils flared as he kept his anger leashed and his gaze carefully on the floor. He wanted desperately to glare at Hank, but he knew better than to even try it. Instead, he felt a muscle working in his jaw as he righted himself to look at the people who were there to speak with him.

Like the rest of the prison, the room was drab, but even if the walls had been painted hot pink with nak*d hookers on them, the intense people waiting on him would have stood out.

They were government-trained. He could smell it. It bled from every pore of their bodies, even though they were dressed as civilians, and the man had hair longer than the woman sitting beside him. Steele's gaze went to the man's right arm, where a tattoo was peeking out from underneath his long, dark blue sleeve. He had on black pleated pants and a red-striped tie, but not even that could cover the fact that the man wasn't as refined as he wanted to appear.

There was something about him that was raw and deadly-the kind of guy you'd have to fight in a bar because his woman dared to look at you.

And God help you if you were dumb enough to speak to her.

The woman beside him was a strange dichotomy. She was a tiny, petite Asian woman-Vietnamese-American, if he didn't miss his guess. Dressed in a white blouse and short black skirt, she appeared sedate and calm. Yet his instincts told him it was only a facade. Her movements were too precise. Too studied. He sensed that she was as acutely aware of him as he was of her. Her short black hair was a perfect frame for her attractive face as she watched him from behind a pair of soulless black eyes.

But it was the woman standing in the corner with her arms crossed over her chest who held his attention most. Her expression totally blank, she was dressed in a pair of jeans with a loose red top and a dark brown leather blazer. She wasn't very tall, only about five-four or so. She wasn't petite or heavy, but rather built solidly.

An image of an Amazon warrior popped into his mind. Yeah, he could see her like that. Sword in one hand, whip in the other as she stood toe to toe with an enemy.

Or better yet, nak*d over the guy she'd tied to her bed.

That thought almost made him smile. Only the pain of his sudden erection kept him from it. It'd been way too long since he'd last spoken to a woman. Never mind being close enough to one that she could<br/>

"Never better."

Steele drew a deep breath, but at the end of it, he knew what they did. He didn't really have a choice. The last thing he wanted was to waste his life behind bars.

Like the green-eyed woman had said, it sucked being here.

He sat back as he eyed the three of them. "Don't you guys want to know if I'm innocent of trying to kill him?"

"It doesn't matter to us," the man said quietly. "Besides, even if you'd meant to kill him, you'd lie and say you didn't."

Steele rose slowly to his feet and slid the folder across the table toward the man. He looked at the women, then stared unflinchingly at the guy. His anger poured through him, and he was sure it was gleaming at them from his eyes. "If I'd meant to kill that sonovabitch, he'd have been dead where he stood. I don't make those kinds of mistakes. One shot. One kill. I live and die by my sniper's code."

"And that's why we want you, Mr. Steele," the seated woman said calmly.

The man stared at him without blinking. "So what's your answer?"

"Get me the f**k out of here."

The man and woman stood up in unison. The Vietnamese-American woman lifted a small shopping bag from the floor, then handed it to him while the other woman and man moved toward the door.

"Welcome back to the world, Mr. Steele," she said with a smile that was an odd combination of demure and evil. "Get dressed, and Joe will be waiting outside to walk you out of here."

Steele was amazed by her words. It couldn't be that easy, could it?

He took the plastic bag and opened it to find a pair of jeans and a button-down denim shirt, along with a pair of Nike running shoes. All of them were in his size.

Yeah, these people were definitely spooks.

"I'm Joe," the man said at last. "Just knock on the door when you're ready to leave."

Steele stood in silence as they left him alone. This had to be the most surreal moment of his life. It was even stranger than his first day in prison.

"Oh God, don't think about that."

There should be a way to permanently burn certain memories out of the human mind.

But soon, if they were to be believed, this whole thing would be behind him. Part of him still couldn't believe it. To be outside again without some a**hole standing over him with a rifle...

Happiness rushed through him as he peeled off his prison clothes and swapped them for the jeans and shirt. He almost felt human again.

Almost.

"Yeah, but what are they going to do when they realize I'm not willing to kill anyone anymore?"

They should have delved a little deeper into his file to see exactly why he'd taken that shot at his CO.

Oh, well. How much could a bullet in the head hurt anyway? At least then it would put him out of his misery.

Fuck that. If they tried to shoot him, he'd teach them what had made him the best sniper in his unit.

Four

Steele quickly learned that Joe was far from a chatty Cathy as he led him from the prison to a waiting helicopter. In fact, Joe didn't seem to like to speak at all.

He paused as Joe slid open the door to the helicopter. Trained on military choppers, Steele wasn't expecting what had to be the helicopter equivalent to a corporate jet. The interior could only hold six people, but each of the seats was made out of thickly padded tan leather. There were cup holders, plug-ins for laptops, and such. It was incredibly lush.

The women, whose names they still hadn't bothered to divulge, were already seated inside.

"Damn," Steele muttered, "this is nicer than any place I've ever owned."

Joe didn't comment as he took a seat next to the Vietnamese-American lady.

After Steele was seated, Joe inclined his head toward the pilots up front, who were doing preflight checks. "Joshua Steele, meet Jake Malone and Tony Casella. If in the future, you're dropped into a high-risk area, they and Retter-who you'll meet later-are the ones who will pull your ass out of the fire. So be nice to them. Your life depends on it."

Wearing a pilot's helmet that completely obscured his face, Jake turned around and offered him his hand. "Welcome aboard."

"Thanks," Steele said, shaking his hand.

"You go by Josh?" Jake asked.

"Steele. Just Steele."

"No problem."

Tony offered his hand next. "Don't worry if I lay my head back and start to snore while we're flying. It's normal. I'm just here in case Jake has a stroke and dies."

Steele tensed. "That's not real comforting."

"Yeah, but it's true. But don't worry. Jake only passed out once, and Joe woke me up real fast. He was great reflexes."

"I did not pass out," Jake said between clenched teeth.

"Yes, you did." He turned back to look at Steele. "Of course that was 'cause he'd downed a fifth of tequila, and I told him not to fly. But he didn't listen. 'No one touches my baby but me,' " Tony said in a mocking voice. "He was disgusting. He threw up everywhere-it even short-circuited the landing gear, which seriously pissed off those of us who were sober and aware of what was happening. But that's okay. Once Joe figured out you can't get the scent of vomit out of leather, he bought us a new toy."

Jake shoved good-naturedly at his copilot. "Shut up and go back to sleep, Tone. You're starting to annoy me again."

Steele looked at Joe. "Is there any way to put up some kind of divider between us and them?"

Joe laughed. "Actually, there is, but you don't have to worry. Tony doesn't talk much once the blades start spinning. The sound of the motor lulls him to sleep."

"Great," Steele said, his gut shrinking at the thought. "I always wanted to fly with a narcoleptic pilot."

The woman beside him smiled. "Don't worry, Steele. Jake has a hot date tonight. He won't crash us until she breaks up with him."

"Jeez!" Jake snapped. "That was only once, people. I swear you're all elephants. You can't ever let a guy forget one little mistake."

Tony snorted. "That little mistake had me hospitalized for three weeks, and it almost cost me my leg."

Steele frowned at those words. Oh, what the hell was he doing on this thing with these people?

Jake glanced over at Joe. "Are we ready, boss?"

"Home, Jake."

Jake groaned as if it were an old bad joke between them. He turned around and fired the engines, which whirred at a dull drone through the insulation.

Joe tossed him a pair of noise-canceling headphones as Jake lifted them off the helipad. "In case the drone gets to you."

As they ascended, he noticed Joe rubbing his right eye again and frowning. The Vietnamese-American woman gave him a concerned look before she tapped her right eyebrow twice.

Joe nodded.

She winced in response before she pointed at his pants pocket. Joe held his hands up and made an expression that essentially said, "I know I screwed up."

Rolling her eyes at him, the woman grabbed her briefcase and rummaged through it, pulling out a small gray plastic case. She opened it to remove a small foil pouch that she handed to Joe. The look on his face said he was truly grateful as he took the pouch and opened it.

He popped a small tablet into his mouth while the woman opened her Coke, then handed it to him.

Joe took a drink before he passed it back to her.

Steele frowned at their actions. There was a familiarity with each other that said they were intimately involved.

He looked at the left hands. No wedding bands, no engagement ring.

Hmm...

Joe leaned his head back and closed his eyes while the woman picked up a romance novel and started reading it. Jake was busy flying while Tony really did have his head back and his eyes closed.

That just added so much confidence.

He glanced to his side, where the other woman was seated reading the bookBlink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking.

Okay...this was an interesting group. What the hell was he doing here again?

Leavenworth. Just keep thinking it's better than prison, and you'll be okay.

Maybe. He glanced at theBlink title again and grimaced. The whole thinking-without-thinking concept was seriously screwing with his head. If he had to put his life in someone's hands, he would much prefer they think with thinking.

Nothing you can do about it now.

He'd already made the pact with the devil so to speak. Now he had no choice except to see it through.

Steele crossed his arms over his chest and leaned back as he wondered just where they were headed. He probably should have asked before he jumped on board the helicopter. But what the hell. It had to be better than where he'd been.

Then again, being on a helicopter with one narcoleptic pilot, another who had a penchant for crashing, and people who'd already told him that they had no compunction about killing him might be construed as an act of total stupidity.

But he was Army trained to put his trust in strangers and to blindly obey orders...r-i-g-h-t. Some<br/>

"I like that song," Joe said defensively.

"Yeah, I've seen the shirt," she said, her voice even drier than her expression as she led them across the parking lot. "Trust me, Joe. You're not a cowboy. The only cows you ever saw as a kid came under a plastic wrap in the grocery store or in a paper wrapper from McDonald's."

Joe made a face at her as he walked behind her.

"Do they always do that?" he asked the other woman, who strangely reminded him of Angelina Jolie. He wasn't sure why, but something about her dark looks and confidence was reminiscent of the actress. Though this woman looked like she actually enjoyed food and took in more than a lettuce leaf every three weeks.

She pulled her glasses off and tucked them in her pocket before she shifted her book to rest under her arm. "Always. You'll get used to it."

Yawning, Steele turned to look over his shoulder as Jake and Tony took off with the helicopter. Oblivious to their departure, Joe and the dark-eyed woman led them toward a small black Mercedes sedan.

"Keys," Joe said, holding his hand out to her while he and mini-Angelina waited by the back doors.

The Vietnamese woman stared at him. "You have a migraine."

He gave her a charming, almost boyish grin. "Thanks to you and Maxalt, it's gone, but if I let you drive, I know it'll come right back."

She narrowed her eyes. "I just got it painted from the last time you drove it."

Joe poked his lip out and pouted.

She made a disgusted noise. "You so much as near a curb, and I will cut"-she dropped her gaze to his groin-"itoff."

He snorted as he took the keys from her. "Never hit a curb in my life."

"Beirut? Paris? Oh, and don't get me started on Madrid."

Joe made a mocking face as he unlocked the doors with the remote. "You nag like your mother."

"Don't you dare start on my mother. I'll invite her down for a visit if you do."

"Sorry," Joe said instantly. "I'll never mention her again...or your sister either."

Steele frowned at them. "Are you two married or something?"

"No," the woman said. "I know too much about him to be that stupid."

"Thank you, Tiger." Joe got into the car.

"You're welcome, Joseph," she said as she joined him.

Taking his cue, Steele got into the back at about the same time as the mini-Angelina. As soon as he had the seat belt on, he understood Tiger's trepidation about her car. Joe drove like a man with a death wish.

"Where'd you learn to drive?" Steele asked as they took a corner so fast, he swore the car was only on two wheels.

"Richard Petty's School of Driving. Had a great instructor there named Steven Norbert who showed me how to dog the shit out of an engine. Why?"

Steele shook his head, wondering if it were sarcasm or truth.

"He's joking," Tiger said. "He learned to drive from a Mafia bagman."

Joe cleared his throat. "I've told you a million times, Tiger, we don't use that term. It's fiction." He paused. "My uncle Fish was simply connected."

Tiger rolled her eyes until Joe cut too close to a slow-moving car. "Watch the bumper!"

Steele cringed, expecting a wreck, but they missed the other car by the skin of their teeth.

Luckily, they were only a few of blocks from their destination. Joe slung them into a parking garage, up the ramp, and into a parking space so fast that he swore he heard a sonic boom from the back end.

"Not a mark on it," Joe said triumphantly to Tiger as he put the car into park.

"Yeah. Wanna check the backseat, where Steele is sitting? I'll bet there's a big stain there."

"Hey, I resent that," Steele said. "I assure you, my nerves can take anything you two dish out."

Mini-Angelina laughed. "Don't be so cocky. You've no idea how mean they can be."

"Yeah," Tiger said. "Besides, I'm sure you'll be resenting a lot more comments made by me in the very near future."

"And you can take that to the bank," Joe said as he handed off the keys to Tiger.

Joe and Tiger were an odd couple, but in a weird way, he liked them. They got out of the car and headed toward the elevator to take them out of the garage. "So when do I get to learn more about my new job?"

Joe pressed the button. "In the offices, where we can't be overheard."

The women were making small talk while he and Joe said nothing.

Once they reached the peaceful, shaded street outside the garage, Steele paused as he saw the building across from them. It was...different. Made of blue glass and white concrete, it shot up probably a good<br/>

"Yeah," Tee said, "Haven't you ever seen the movies? D.C. and New York always get toasted. Once the bureaucrats go, Joe will be president."

Joe snorted. "I'd rather see Petey as president. Let them shoot the dog."

She dropped her jaw as if the mere thought offended her. "Hey! Insult my dog, and Iwill kill you."

Steele shook his head. "She's a lovely little thing, isn't she?"

"You've no idea." Joe pushed the box that Kristen had given him across the desk.

Steele opened it up. His jaw went slack at the contents. There was literally a badge for every known federal agency in there and they weren't even all American. CIA, ATF, DEA, FBI, NSA, even Interpol and Europol. Freakily enough, they all had his picture on them and looked completely legit. "Humor me<br/>

Boy, he had the life, huh?

"Tell you what," Joe said, his features softening a degree. "Why don't you take a few hours and rest. Get used to being free for a while. Get a good night's sleep where you don't have to worry about being vulnerable. If you still feel like this tomorrow, we'll put you right back where you were. No harm, no foul. Deal?"

Steele wasn't sure about that. He had a feeling the harm had already been done. "I have no place to stay."

Joe pushed an intercom button on his desk. "Kristen, have Carlos come in."

A few seconds later, the office door opened to show him a tall Hispanic male. "Yo, bossman? You rang?"

Joe indicated Steele with a tilt of his head. "Carlos, meet Steele."

Carlos held his hand out to him."Hola."

Steele hesitated before he shook it. "Hi."

"Steele is a special recruit who doesn't have any place to stay. He needs some downtime, so I was wondering if he could bunk with you for the night."

"Sure,jefe."

"Gracias."

"De nada."Carlos opened the door again. "You ready to leave now, or do you need a few more minutes?"

Steele looked at Joe.

"We're done...for now."

He glanced at Sydney, who was watching him with an angry tic in her jaw. Part of him hated that he'd ruined her plans. But she'd find another fool to do her bidding. All he wanted was to be left alone.

She met his gaze with heat burning deep in those green eyes. There was a time when the accusation there would have spurned him to take this mission just to prove her wrong. But he'd done a lot of growing up over the last two years. Dares didn't motivate him anymore.

Nothing did.

"Hasta la vista,"he said to her as he started for the door.

Her response in Spanish caught him completely off guard. "Don't let the door hit you in the ass."

Shaking his head at her, he followed Carlos out of the office.

Syd didn't move until she was alone with Tee and Joe. "So you're just going to let him leave?"

Joe sat back in his chair to watch her with that blank expression he was famous for. "We can't make him shoot someone, Syd. That's against the Constitution."

Frustration consumed her. She'd come so close to having what she needed. "So what am I supposed to do now? We have less than three weeks to put this together."

Joe glanced at Tee, who was feeding Petey a dog biscuit, before he answered. "Have faith."

"No offense, my faith died ten years ago."

Joe looked back at her. "I know, but sometimes you have to believe in other people, Syd. Many times they'll surprise you."

Yeah, right. "I'm all right with that so long as the surprise is a good one. In my experience, though, it usually isn't."

And something inside told her that Steele wasn't the kind of guy to just blithely change his mind. He was gone, and now she had nowhere else to turn.

She hated feeling like this. She could see the future ahead of them, and it terrified her.

Five

Steele followed Carlos out of the office, past Kristen, who was on the phone, speaking flawless German to someone. She paused to wave at them. There was something strangely surreal about all this. Like he'd walked into a movie or a dream, and that at any moment he'd find himself snatched back to his jail cell. It just didn't seem like it was possible that he was here, away from prison, surrounded by such an odd cast of people.

Without a word, Carlos headed to the elevator and pressed the down button. Immediately after the light came on, Carlos moved to the side of the doors with his back against the wall as if he half expected the doors to open and someone to jump out and shoot him. He even put his hand under his jacket, no doubt over his weapon.

"Been an agent long?" he asked Carlos.

Carlos let out an evil laugh. "You could say that."

Maybe, but there was something about the man that denied it. He reminded Steele more of the criminals he'd been locked up with. The way he moved, like a hungry predator who knew it had to kill or be killed. It wasn't the arrogance that most Feds had. It was something else. Something almost diabolical. "You don't strike me as a typical Fed."

The doors opened. Carlos lifted his head away from the wall to scan the inside before he moved away<br/>

When it came to her sister, Martha, she could shoot even straighter and better than Syd. While growing up, Martha had wanted to join a Wild West show, courtesy of the Clint Eastwood movies. It had broken her heart when she'd found out that such things no longer existed. But it gave her a legacy that Smith and<br/>

When it came to her sister, Martha, she could shoot even straighter and better than Syd. While growing up, Martha had wanted to join a Wild West show, courtesy of the Clint Eastwood movies. It had broken her heart when she'd found out that such things no longer existed. But it gave her a legacy that Smith and<br/>

"Don't you ever-"

His dire words were cut off by the speaker buzzing. He continued to glare at her as he answered it.

"Hey, Joe, Steele just-" Before Kristen could finish her sentence, the door to Joe's office was slung open with so much force, it actually rattled on its hinges. Steele stood in the doorway with a look of hell's fury on his face. His dark brown hair was brushed back from his face, one lock of it falling into his eyes. Every muscle in his body was tense, as if he were fighting to keep from attacking them.

Syd took a step back at the look of rage on Steele's face. He made Joe's look paltry by comparison.

"What the hell went through your mind?" Steele asked from between clenched teeth.

Syd swallowed, waiting for Joe to turn her in for what she'd done.

He didn't. Instead, Joe's face went so blank that it was hard to believe three minutes ago, he'd looked much like Steele. "We needed to close the escape door for you. Sorry."

Steele's dark brown eyes narrowed. "You're not half as sorry as you're going to be."

Joe tensed as he faced Steele's anger without flinching. "You need to calm down."

"Like hell." Steele took a step toward Joe, who braced himself as if getting ready to defend or attack.

"Joe didn't do it." Syd couldn't believe her stupidity at saying that, but she wasn't a coward. She wasn't about to let Joe bear the brunt of Steele's anger when she'd been the one who caused it. "I did."

That at least succeeded in stunning him enough that he only frowned at her. "Why?"

"Unlike Joe, I don't trust in the nature of people to do the right thing. I needed you, so I took the steps I thought necessary to guarantee your cooperation."

He lifted his hand as if he wanted to reach for her throat. Instead, he raked a tense hand through his dark hair. "Have you any idea how badly you have f**ked up my life?"

"No worse than you did on your own."

The look on his face said he hated her at that moment, and in truth, she felt awful for hurting him. She reached out toward him. "Steele-"

"Don't touch me," he snarled. He glanced at Joe, then grimaced at her. "You people don't own me. And no one pushes me around." He met her gaze with a heated intensity that should have scorched her. "If you think I'm afraid of jail, little girl, then you better think again. All you've done is piss me off."

He turned his head toward Joe. "I'm out of this. I'm turning myself in to the first cop I see."

The angry tic returned to Joe's jaw. "I understand. But before you do something rash, head back to Carlos's and relax for a while. I think we all need a break from each other to clear our heads."

Steele's face said that he wanted to argue.

"Don't," Joe said calmly. "One night, Steele. That's all I'm asking. If you still want to turn yourself in tomorrow, I have a friend on the force who can pick you up first thing. I'll personally make sure that you don't get any time added onto your sentence."

Steele nodded. He started for the door, only to stop next to her.

Syd trembled at the ferocity of his presence, even though she refused to show it.

"You need to learn to be a little nicer to people, lady. The next time you take it upon yourself to screw me over, you better kill me. 'Cause if you don't, Iwill kill you."

The sternness of that dark stare said it wasn't an idle threat. He meant it.

"I don't take threats."

"And I don't make them." His gaze hardened even more. "That's a promise between me, you, and God."

Syd stiffened. How she wanted a snappy comeback to that. Something biting and clever. But nothing came to her mind as he walked out the door.

It wasn't fair.

She turned to find Joe watching her. She felt suddenly drained and tired.

"What now? You just took all the bite out of my plan. He still has a choice."

Joe shook his head. "Syd, I appreciate your passion for the job. But you need to find a little compassion for people."

How she wished it were that simple. But it wasn't. "One tree isn't more important than the entire forest, Joe. You taught me that. Remember? Political pruning."

"Yeah, but every forest is always destroyed one tree at a time. You take care of those individual trees because each one that falls brings you closer to deforestation. You only prune what's rotten. You don't cut down a good a tree for no reason."

Syd ground her teeth. "Has anyone ever won an argument with you?"

"Just Tee, and I was drunk and wounded at the time."

It was about half past six before Steele returned to the apartment building. After leaving the BAD offices, he'd ventured over on foot to the pedestrian bridge that connected the downtown area to the stadium. The rebellious part of him had wanted a cop to spot him just to have the decision taken out of his hands. It would serve all of them right to lose him to their own stupidity, but then, they had sprung him once. Most likely they could spring him again.

The more intelligent part had wanted to run as far from here as he could. But how far could he run from someone like Joe or Syd? He had no money. No car. No ID. No family.

The only friend who might help him was eleven hours away, and that was in a car, not on foot or by bus. The law was looking for him and had his face plastered all over the news.

Face it, bud, the odds are not with you on this one.

Steele had no doubt that BAD could track him down faster than a herd of hounds. It was what they did for a living, and after being in the Army, Steele knew firsthand some of the more creative toys the spooks had at their disposal.

As much as he hated it, running wasn't an option. Not to mention, he'd never been the kind of man to run from anything. He believed in taking the devil by the horns and wrestling the SOB to the ground.

In the end, he knew he had no real choice except to see this through. So he returned to the apartment building and headed back to Carlos's crib.

Completely pissed off by this day, he opened the door to find Carlos on the cell phone.

As soon as he saw Steele entering the apartment, Carlos hung up. "There you are. I was beginning to think you were dumb enough to run from us."

"I honestly thought about it. But the only way to run would be to steal from an innocent bystander. Just because I'm a convict, it doesn't mean I'm a criminal. Besides, I figured you guys would bring me back in chains."

He snorted. "I wouldn't have, but Syd would, and she'd be kicking your ass every step of the way."

"As long as she did it in high heels, it might be worth it."

Carlos shook his head. "You like to live dangerously, don't you?"

"Yes, I do."

"Yeah, you go after her, and I suggest you invest in a steel plated jock-strap. Last guy who said something sexual to her and pissed her off is still limping around the office. So, are you ready?"

Steele frowned. "For what?"

"Joe told me to throw a burger at you and run you to the Ryman."

Was that English? "What's the Ryman?"

Carlos slipped his phone into the plastic holster on his hip. "Oh, man, what? You grow up in a hole? I'm from Bolivia, and even I know what the Ryman is. You know, Grand Ole Opry? Home of country music? Land of the Rube?"

Steele gave him a droll stare. "Why on earth would I want go there?"

"Because Joe said so." The answer was automatic.

What? Were they three years old? "You do everything Joe says?"

"Mostly. If it suits me...oh, hell, yeah. Trust me, it doesn't pay to jerk him off. The last guy who did still hasn't been found."

Steele scoffed. "Joe doesn't scare me."

"Then you'reloco, amigo." Carlos's face was deadly sincere. "He scares the shit out of me, and I used to work for people who made Freddie Krueger look like Mr. Rogers." He indicated the door with a tilt of his head. "C'mon."

What the hell? It wasn't like he had anything more pressing to do with his time. And he did need to eat. Since he had no money on him, getting food without Carlos was impossible unless he wanted to add petty larceny to his rap sheet.

Carlos drove him to a restaurant across the street, and as soon as they ate, he took him over to the Ryman Auditorium on Fifth Avenue. The large red building with its white-paned Gothic windows was hard to miss. It was a splash of yesterday nestled among the much more modern buildings that surrounded it. The Ryman was without a doubt the most famed resident of Nashville.

Steele expected Carlos to get out with him, but he didn't. Instead, Carlos handed him a ticket and pointed to a set of doors at the rear of the building. "Go on in."

"You're not coming?"

He shook his head. "Wasn't invited."

Carlos left so fast, Steele barely had time to shut the car door before he roared away. Perplexed by this latest turn of events and by the bizarre day as a whole, Steele stepped up on the curb and headed toward the building.

For all the international renown of the place, it looked like any other theater in America from the back. He entered the set of doors and saw the box-office windows on his right, with bathrooms on his left. There were a few people milling about and chatting, but nothing like he would have expected.

It wasn't until he went farther into the building and saw the statue of Minnie Pearl seated beside Roy Acuff on a bench that the history of the place fully hit him. There was something eerie and magical about a building that was such a cultural landmark. It was here between these very walls that an entire style of music and identity had been formed.

He glanced up at the stairs that led to the upper seats of the old revival hall. This had been a church before it became the famed home of country music, and it still bore all traces of its proud heritage.

"Can I help you, honey?"

He turned to see an older woman with a staff badge drawing near. "I just need to find my seat, I guess." He honestly had no idea why he was even here. This whole day had been oddly surreal.

He handed her the ticket that Carlos had given him.

She glanced at it and smiled. "You need to be upstairs, sugar, in the Confederate Gallery. You're in section twelve, row A, seat seven." She lowered her voice as if imparting some great secret to him. "It's a real good one. Just go right on up those stairs, and you can't miss it."

"Thanks."

She patted him kindly on the arm. "Anytime. My name's Carla. You need anything else, you just let me know."

He smiled in spite of himself. One thing he'd noticed all day, the people in Nashville were nothing if not friendly. Heading left, he went up the divided stairs to the upper doors and looked for his seat. The place was only about half full. But the woman was right; he had a great view that was right above center stage.

He took a seat and watched as several people had their pictures taken in a roped-off area of the stage, where a mic bearing the WSM logo and a guitar were staged. The whole group looked thrilled to be standing on the same stage where Elvis Presley, Hank Snow, Patsy Cline, and countless others had once performed.

"Popcorn?"

Steele looked up at the familiar voice and about fell off his chair at the sight of Joe. His hair was still pulled back into a ponytail, but he now wore a black cowboy hat and a tight black T-shirt that showed off every tattoo the man had on both of his arms.

All semblance of refinement was gone. Joe might not have the shit-kicking accent, but he definitely had the bearing.

Steele took the popcorn from Joe as he sat in the empty seat next to him. When Joe handed him a beer, he realized something. There was a tattoo on Joe's right forearm, a broken heart with the nameJane in it. Angel wings were on each side of the name, as if flying it away. But what struck him most was its style, which he'd seen countless times in the last two years. It was unmistakable.

"You've done time too."

Joe took a leisurely swig from his long-neck beer as he stared straight in front of him. "We all make mistakes, Steele. It's what we do afterward that defines us more than the actual incident that led to the mistake." He glanced at him. "You done any thinking today?"

"Yeah."

"Good. You calm yet?"

Steele let out a tired breath. "The food helped."

Joe snorted before he inclined his head toward a group of people on the floor seats below them. "You know what I love about this place?"

"I hope it's not the decor."

Without betraying any emotion, Joe took another drink of beer before he spoke. "The people. You see the grandmother down there with her son and grandson? They've probably been coming here for years together. Or maybe it's their first trip. Either way, it's three generations sitting down together, laying aside their differences for one night to be a family."

Joe gave him a hard stare. "This is humanity, Steele. This is what we're fighting for. Family. People. Pride. It's our differences that make up our strength. BAD isn't about patriotism. It's about saving individuals. Not just those in America, but all the ones who are out there going about their lives with little to no care about politics. Men, women, and children who only want to live peacefully while others are looking for ways to use them as pawns in a deadly game they don't even want to play."

To emphasize his words, he pointed the top of his beer to indicate an African-American couple on their right. Three seats over from them was an Asian family.

"When I was a boy living in New York, every summer my mother would send me to North Carolina to stay with my Italian grandmother, who had come over here right after World War II. She'd gone blind from a work accident in the factory where she used to slave fourteen-hour shifts to earn pennies, but every night she'd sit and listen to the radio like she'd done as a girl. There was nothing she loved more than the Grand Ole Opry shows. To her it was wholesome-the epitome of America and why she'd come over here in the first place." Sadness showed in Joe's pale blue eyes. "All she wanted in her life was to come to the Ryman and attend the Opry in person, just once."

"Did she?"

He shook his head. "She died a few hours before I got to her house to surprise her with tickets for a show."

Joe's pain reached out to him.

"My grandmother used to have a saying. 'Joe, don't ever take your life for granted. There's a big world out there, and it's waiting for you. Don't waste your time. It's too finite, and before you know it, it's gone.' " He looked back at him. "I'm giving you a second chance, Steele. I know you're going to do the right thing with it."

In that moment, Steele hated Joe. "What makes you so damned sure?"

"Because you have a little sister, and she sent you a Christmas card."

A chill went down Steele's spine. "How do you know about that?"

Joe gave him a lopsided grin. "I'm a spook. It's what I do. And I know that you won't let Tina live under the threat of a nuclear bomb from a country she probably doesn't even know exists. Am I right?"

Before he could answer, he heard a shocked gasp.

"Joe?"

Steele jerked his head up at the deep feminine voice that made every nerve in his body sit up and take notice. But that was quickly followed by a fierce wave of anger.

"Hi, Syd," Joe drawled.

Syd couldn't keep herself from gaping as she caught a look at the Joe she never knew. Good grief, the man even had on cowboy boots! In the office and out in the field, he always wore dress clothes. Dress clothes that had never given her a clue as to how ripped the man really was.

She could do laundry on that stomach. And his arms...they were well-muscled and powerful. How on earth did Tee manage to share an office with this man day in and day out and not succumb to uncontrollable lust?

Joe stood up and vacated his seat, which she realized was hers. He handed her the box of popcorn in his hands. "You two need a night of relaxation. Enjoy the show. I'm sure afterward you can give Steele a ride back to Carlos's. Right?"

"Sure."

He looked back at Steele. "Be nice."

The expression on Steele's face said, Not likely.

Joe tipped his hat to her before he walked past her, into the aisle.

Still stunned, she watched as he headed up toward the back row, where, she realized, Tee was waiting for him. Unlike her, Tee didn't seem to think there was anything odd about Joe's clothing. She merely moved her knees aside so that Joe could take his seat on the other side of her. And after he sat down, Tee took his hat off his head and placed it on her own. Joe gave her an irritated smirk before he reached for her popcorn.

"What are you doing here? Trying to find a new way to screw up my life?"

She looked down to where Steele was seated. He was definitely still angry at her. Not that she blamed him.

"I don't think you need any help in that department. It seems to me you did a fine job screwing it up yourself."

As soon as those words were out of her mouth, she regretted them.

Sighing, she took her seat and placed the popcorn between her legs while she balanced her Coke on her knee.

Steele started to get up to leave. Syd reached over and touched his taut arm to keep him still. He glared his hatred at her, and it made her stomach ache.

"I really am sorry," she said, enunciating every word carefully.

"There are some things that sorry don't fix."

"You're right." His face registered surprise at her apology. "If it makes you feel better, Joe already crawled all over me about it."

"It doesn't. I still have to keep looking over my shoulder for cops."

"I know." She raked her hand through the popcorn as she considered some way to make this mission work. "I screwed up today, okay? I don't do it often, and I'm sorry that you got caught in the crossfire."

"You practice that speech long?"

She gave him a sheepish smile. "Does it show?"

Still, his face was absolute stone. "Yes, and for an agent, you suck at lying."

She stiffened at his criticism. "And you can do better?"

"Of course I can."

She scoffed at him. "Sure you can."

"I can."

But she knew better. "That's what they all think."

Before she could move, Steele took her chin in his hand. His look changed from anger to one of heated passion. His dark eyes traced the lines of her face as he moved ever so slightly closer to her.

That look was so hot that she could feel that gaze like a human touch. It made the skin of her face tingle. Made her lips long to taste his.

"Has anyone ever told you that you have the sexiest mouth this side of a movie screen?"

Syd swallowed at his deep voice. Every nerve ending in her body stood at attention as desire coiled through her. "Excuse me?"

"It's true," he said, his tone breathless. "If I had you alone for five minutes..."

"What?" she asked, dying to know.

His gaze turned instantly back to anger as he released her chin and returned to his beer. "I'd probably beat the crap out of you for calling the cops on me."

Her own anger flared. "You bastard!"

He glanced sideways at her. "You didn't really think I was serious, did you? And I did that without practicing a single syllable. Like I said, you suck at lying."

Syd seethed. She hadn't been this stung since the guy she had a crush on in high school had ignored her. "You better be glad I need you, or I'd shoot you myself."

He snorted. "I should be so lucky."

Syd turned to look at Joe and Tee, who were laughing together. If not for their presence, she'd be out of here by now. But Joe would probably make her return to her seat.

More people started coming in as an awkward silence fell between them.

Steele had to shift as a man and woman stepped past him. When he did, it brought him close enough to Syd that he could smell the sweetness of her perfume. It went through him like a jolt. He was suddenly so hard that he could barely breathe.

There hadn't been nearly as much acting with her as he'd wanted. The plain truth was that, even though she'd stabbed him in the back, the male part of him was still attracted to her.

Syd frowned. "You okay?"

"Fine," he said, even though the odd thought went through his mind-could a man die of blue balls?

"You sure? You look kind of...strained."

That was a good word for it. "Fine. Really. Fine."

Her gaze dropped to his lap an instant before her eyes widened and her cheeks turned bright red.

"Yeah, you're a great actor," she murmured as she quickly turned her attention to the stage below them.

Fighting the urge to say something caustic, Steele rubbed his hand over his eyes as complete embarrassment hit him. He might as well be fourteen again and called to the front of the room for a presentation.

The lights dimmed.

Thanks a lot.Why couldn't they have done that three seconds ago and saved him the humiliation?

Syd cleared her throat as she forced herself not to look at Steele at all, but it was hard.

Not as hard as he is.

She had to press her lips together to keep from laughing at that.Jeez, Syd, you're awful! No doubt he was embarrassed by it. He'd been in jail going on two years now. It was bound to happen.

But the worst part about it was the curiosity that was begging for her to look again.

No!

She'd sooner have both her eyes poked out and die. Okay, that wasn't true. But she couldn't look. The man was a total jerk. He irritated her. Mocked her.

She didn't even like him.

From the corner of her eye, she could see him take a swig of his beer.

His jerkiness aside, he was a gorgeous man. There was something about Steele that was absolutely delectable, and she didn't say that about most men. His dark hair was brushed back from a face that was intrinsically masculine. His cheeks were dusted by shadow, adding a rugged quality to him.

In spite of her ire, a wicked part of her wanted to reach out and trace that sculpted jaw.

And then an even more wicked thought went through her...he'd been in prison. She wondered how many fights he'd been in with other inmates who thought he was cute too.

Most of all, she wondered if he'd lost any.

Don't go there, Syd.But she couldn't help it. It must have been awful to be that good-looking in jail. She couldn't imagine many things worse.

At least, not until the music started. She tried to listen with an open mind, but this was so not her taste. She grabbed her purse from the floor to pull out Tee's iPod. It wasn't until she had it on and playing Papa Roach's "Getting Away with Murder" that she could breathe again.

Ah, that was so much better.

She glanced up to find Steele glaring at her. "What?" she asked, pulling one of the tiny earphones out.

His gaze narrowed. "You're something else, you know that?"

She honestly couldn't imagine what she'd done now to irritate him. "I'm not doing anything to you. So sod off."

Unfortunately, he didn't. Instead, he grabbed her iPod and took it from her.

"Hey!"

"Sh!"

Syd cringed as the people next to them gave her a sinister glare. "Give me that back," she said from between clenched teeth as she lowered her tone.

"No."

He was an evil bastard. Crossing her arms over her chest, she stared sullenly at the stage while Pam Tillis told stories about how her father, Mel Tillis, had placed her in his guitar case backstage at the Opry when she'd been nothing more than an infant.

And as she listened, a part of her became charmed by the stories.

At least until the singing began. Syd cringed, wanting to leave. Just when she was sure she couldn't stand it anymore, Steele did the most unexpected thing of all. He offered her one of the earbuds.

Startled by his actions, she looked up at him.

"I'm not as cruel as you are."

She wasn't sure if she should be grateful or ticked off. But as she moved closer to him so that they could share Tee's playlist, her ire at him melted. Their faces were so close that they were practically touching. She could easily feel the heat of his skin. His warm, masculine scent permeated her head as she became acutely aware of his muscled biceps pressed against her upper arm while they listened to Papa Roach sing "Tyranny of Normality."

They stayed that way until the curtain closed and the musicians took a break.

Steele tilted the iPod in his hand. "How long do you think the batteries will last in this thing?"

"I don't know. How long is this show?"

He shrugged. "I have no idea. But I'm thinking jail was better. At least there cruel and unusual punishment can get the warden sued."

She laughed.

Steele tensed at the pleasant sound of her laughter. But more than that, the gesture softened her face and made her seem almost kind. A sudden impulse to kiss her came over him, but he quickly squelched it.

And in the back of his mind was the thought that even though he didn't like the music and wasn't fond of the woman, this moment was the best one he'd had in over two years.

He wanted his life back like it had been before he'd been arrested.

He wanted to live.

Syd's breath caught as she saw the look on Steele's face. Gone was the hatred and suspicion. His expression was completely unguarded and open. And something in it reminded her of a boy.

For the first time, she understood what had made Joe so angry. She had tampered with this man's life. Used him like a pawn.

She really was no better than the people they were after. Dear Lord, she'd pushed Steele's back against the wall, and for what? She had no right to put him in this kind of danger. No right to interfere with his decisions.

Suddenly ashamed of herself, she touched his arm. "Look, Steele, I really am sorry if I offended you earlier. I tend to be a little overzealous sometimes."

Steele frowned as he heard her honesty for the first time. He wanted to maintain his anger, but in spite of himself, it melted.

She was making an effort to lay the matter to rest. And he'd never been the kind of man to carry a grudge...much.

"It's okay."

"No," she said, her eyes burning him with their intensity, "not really. If you want to go back...well, I can't lie and say I like it. I don't. We really do need you, for a multitude of reasons. But there are a lot of things in this world that are bigger than me and my ego."

He doubted that.

She hesitated, and even though she was trying to hide her vulnerability, he saw it plainly. "I would really like for you to help us. I can prep you if you're willing to do the job, and if you want to go solo...I won't get in your way."

Steele could sense how much those words stuck in her craw. Yet craw and all, she'd said them. He had to admire that.

"All right, Sydney. If you agree to listen to me and do things my way, I'll do it."

She actually smiled at him. It was an honest, open smile that struck him like a blow. It was precious and sweet, a total antithesis to the hard-nosed agent she'd been so far.

"Thank you, Steele."

He inclined his head to her.

She turned to look back up at Joe before she pulled the earbud from his ear. "Since we're on the same team now, why don't we blow this gig and do some real work?"

He glanced behind them to the seats where Joe had taken his hat back and looked to be fussing at Tee as he adjusted the brim of it. "Think the boss will shoot us on our way out?"

She laughed again. "Only one way to find out."

They got up and headed up the aisle.

Joe arched a brow at them as they started past him. Syd pulled Steele to a stop.

"You're not leaving so soon, are you?" Joe asked her.

Syd wrinkled her nose. "No offense, it's not really my cup of tea. Besides, we're going to go over some details back at the office."

Joe looked to Steele. "So he's in?"

Steele nodded.

"Good man." He pulled a wallet out from his back pocket, then handed it over to Steele. "By the way, I charged the tickets to you."

Steele scowled. "How? I don't have a credit card."

Joe indicated the wallet with a tilt of his head. "Look inside."

Syd narrowed her eyes at Joe's arrogance. "Come on. Be honest, you had to have some doubt about whether or not he'd join us."

"None whatsoever. I wouldn't have brought him to the offices if I'd thought there was any chance he'd opt out."

Just once, she would love to see Joe be wrong about something. But at least this time, she was grateful he understood people so well.

Syd indicated their vacated seats with her hand. "Since we're leaving, you two want our seats?"

Joe looked delighted, while Tee had a look of ultimate distaste.

"You two have fun," Joe said as he brushed past them to head down the stairs.

"They will," Tee muttered as she moved toward them. "Meanwhile I'll be in hell."

Syd shook her head at Tee's dire tone before she handed Tee the iPod.

"Bless you," Tee said gratefully as she took it.

"Why did you come if you hate it so much?" Syd asked.

Tee looked at Joe, who was walking down the stairs. When she spoke, it was the perfect imitation of a Southern drawl. "I might not like the music, but that there's the best view in town."

Syd laughed at Tee. "One day, my sister, you have got to tell that man how you feel about him."

Tee gave her a meaningful stare. "I can look, but we both know I can't touch. Work is work, and pleasure is pleasure."

It was true. She more than understood Tee's feelings about work and play. Unlike Tee, she'd been burned enough to know exactly why work and play didn't mix. It was a lesson she'd more than taken to heart.

Giving her a quick hug, she left Tee to move closer to the stage with Joe.

Syd followed after Steele, who tossed his drink and popcorn into the garbage can. She followed suit before they left the auditorium and headed for the parking lot outside, where she'd parked her Honda.

While they walked, she noticed that Steele was holding the wallet like a lifeline. His grip was tight and, at the same time, almost loving.

"What did Joe give you?" she asked.

"My life back," he said in a reverent tone. He handed the wallet to her.

Syd opened it to see what had gotten into him. As soon as she saw the contents, she fully understood.

There was a Tennessee driver's license with his name and picture on it, two credit cards, and a little over a hundred dollars in cash. It looked just like any other guy's wallet, and that was probably what had struck him most about it.

How long had it been since he'd been just another normal guy on the street?

She smiled at Joe's thoughtfulness. "We take care of our own."

Steele didn't say anything as she returned the wallet to him and he slid it into his back pocket. Not since his initial arrest, over two years ago, had he felt this human. With what Joe had given him, he could leave and never look back. It was a lot of trust.

He wasn't about to betray it.

And in that moment, he realized something. Joe was right. For the first time ever, he understood what it meant to live. To have a life. He could eat when he wanted, leave when he wanted. Do anything and not have to answer to anyone. There were no armed guards eyeing him nervously right now. No isolation chamber when he stepped out of line. No one to fight for everyday necessities. No gangs to deal with. Nothing.

God, it felt good.

"You okay?"

He glanced down at Syd and offered her a hesitant smile. "Yeah. I think I am." He paused in the parking lot and pulled her to a stop.

And then he did something he hadn't done since the afternoon he'd taken that shot at his CO...

He acted on pure impulse.

Pulling her close, he dipped his head down and kissed that full, lush mouth of hers that had been beckoning him since the moment he first saw her. Steele closed his eyes as he tasted her for the first time. It'd been way too long since he'd last held a woman, and he couldn't remember any tasting better than this one. Her mouth was salty and sweet from her soda and popcorn, but most of all, it tasted like Syd.

Passionate. Fiery.

Most of all, it tasted of lust.

Syd fisted her hand in Steele's dark hair as she inhaled the innately masculine scent of him. Maybe she should be offended by the way he'd kissed, but she wasn't. Part of her had been wondering far too long what he tasted like.

Now she knew.

He was all man and all skill. No one had ever kissed her like this. And it made her wonder what else he was good at...

He pulled back with a most unabashed grin. "Sorry. I couldn't help myself."

"I thought snipers never acted on impulse."

"That's only when we're after something we intend to kill." He brushed the hair back from her face, then cupped her cheek in his palm. He traced the contour of her bottom lip with his thumb.

"I thought you did want to kill me."

"You have your moments...but this isn't one of them."

Syd wanted to melt at the gentleness of his touch. But even as she softened, a long-buried memory leapt forward, reminding her of why she couldn't allow herself toever consort with her coworkers.

She pulled back immediately. "We need to start prepping you on the details of the case."

Steele wanted to curse as he felt the wall come up between them. It was arctic and irritating.

Damn.

Just go find another woman. All you need is a one-night stand.

Even as that thought went through his mind, he knew better. Sex might take the edge off him, but he didn't wanted sex with just anyone. His body was aching for Syd-the-viper. How stupid was he? The last thing he needed was to trust a woman who had already shown herself to be less than trustworthy.

What was wrong with him? Had he lostall reason?

He sighed irritably as she approached a silver Honda Accord. The car was extremely sedate and practical, which, given what she probably made a year, said a lot about the woman.

"Not a speed junkie, huh?"

She laughed evilly. "As they say, looks are so often deceiving."

He opened his door. "How so?"

She slammed the door shut, then buckled herself in. "This little baby has four-fifty horsepower under the hood and will go from zero to sixty in about two-point-two seconds. She's not even street-legal."

He was impressed by that. "Really?"

"Oh, yeah. She's souped up and ready for just about anything. Drecker and Norbert are our official mechanics. They can make a car do just about anything you can imagine. I'm sure Joe will have them hook you up soon enough."

Steele didn't speak as he fastened his seat belt and Syd started the car.

He studied her in the dim light. She was confident and quick, but even so she seemed an odd choice for a federal agent. Not that he was an expert on them by any means. There was just something about her that seemed like it would be more at home in another line of work.

"So what made you decide to become an agent?"

"March twenty-third, 1992. Eleven a.m."

Steele frowned as those words went through his head and he couldn't peg the time or a place. "Should I know that date?"

"No," she said quietly, "most likely not. It barely made more than the local news." She sighed as if that thought hurt her. "My mother always called such events Darwinian moments. You know, those crystal-clear times in your life that change you forever. When I was a little girl, she used to talk about being in her classroom the day Kennedy was assassinated and how she remembered every detail of it. March twenty-third is that way for me. I remember everything I had on, every detail of that morning..." Her grip tightened on the wheel.

It was the only reaction she gave.

"What happened?"

She took a ragged breath as she stopped at a traffic light. "I was in my poli-sci class, bored out of my mind, counting the minutes until it was over. Then a woman from admin came into the room to speak with the professor. He pointed at me, and my heart sank. Two minutes later, I was out in the hallway while she told me that my brother-in-law and nephew had been killed that morning in a boating accident."

Inwardly, he cringed at that. It must have been hard to hear something like that at such a young age.

She ground her teeth and cursed. "My nephew, Chad, was only five years old. My sister had taken my niece to the doctor that morning, and her husband, Bobby, had volunteered to watch Chad while she was gone. Bobby was a lobster fisherman in Maine and had taken Chad out countless times with him-his dad owned the boat, and it was a family business."

Steele's frown deepend as she spoke. He knew it had to be something more than a simple accident. Her anger was too raw, too bitter all these years later.

She turned them down another street, toward the Bat Tower. "That same morning some environmentalist group had decided to make a point about overfishing lobsters and had picked four boats as targets. Bobby's was one of them. Those bastards had rigged a small explosive to sink it while they were out at sea. Chad had wandered over to the place on deck right over the bomb. Bobby had gone to get him when it went off and caught both of them in the blast. In one instant, they destroyed more than just a stupid boat."

Steele felt for her. He knew firsthand how bad grief like that burned inside. Without thinking, he reached over to take her hand and squeeze it.

He saw the tears in her eyes and was shocked by them. She was such a strong woman that for her to betray those tears told him just how much that day had scarred her.

He could feel her pain as she returned the gesture. She quickly blinked the tears away and cleared her throat. "When the people who were responsible found out what had happened to Chad and Bobby, they shrugged it off by saying that's what they deserved for harvesting lobsters.... Yeah, a five-year-old really deserved being blown to pieces over seafood."

She pulled her hand away from his to wipe at her eyes as she cleared her throat again. "I hate extremists with a passion. They get so wrapped up in their cause that they think nothing of killing anyone who doesn't agree with them. It's just so wrong...so wrong."

Steele wished he could ease the pain of her loss, but he knew better. Some wounds never healed and those to the heart were particularly nasty. "So you went into this to keep it from happening again."

She nodded. "At least, that was the thought. What I quickly found out is there's so much red tape and bureaucracy involved in trying to get things done that I was ready to quit the FBI and never look back. Like you, I'd fought my superiors so many times that they were just about to can me."

It really spooked him at times how much she and Joe knew about his past.

"That's when Joe came in. BAD was only about a year old then, and he was looking for recruits. I'd been reported so much for insubordination that he'd flagged me as a possibility. As soon as he explained to me that I could actually do my job without having to file reports and requisitions, I threw in with him and haven't regretted it since."

Steele arched a brow at that. "Not even this afternoon, when he crawled all over you?"

She cast an irritated sideways glance at him. "Don't remind me." She downshifted and took a corner so fast it would most likely make Joe proud.

Well, at least he now understood what had prompted her actions against him. She was one of those idealists who wasn't that different from the extremists she fought against. But at least she recognized that in herself.

Not that he was willing to completely forgive her. But understanding went a long way in soothing his anger toward her.

"So how much insubordination marsyour record?" he asked her.

"More than I care to recount."

"Really?"

"You don't believe me?"

He shrugged. "Given the length you went to to secure me, I'd believe most anything about you. You strike me as one of those overachievers who probably never made a B in her life."

"Not true. I flunked astronomy my freshman year, and passed ethics by the skin of my teeth."

Now that he didn't swallow. "Really?"

She nodded. "See, you're not as perceptive as you think you are."

Maybe, but at least it gave him a degree of hope that she wasn't as transparent to him as he thought. He wondered what else he'd misjudged her on.

Please let this be one of them....

"So have you ever had a one-night stand?"

She actually turned her head to look at him while she was driving. "Excuse me?"

He turned her head back toward the road. "You heard me. I was wondering what other erroneous conclusions I'd drawn about you."

She stopped at a red light and turned to look at him. "That's one you were right about. I don't do men on a one-time basis."

"Figures," he muttered. "I don't suppose you'd want to change your ways tonight?"

She shook her head at him. "Sleeping with a guy you work with only complicates things. No thanks."

He leaned his head back. Damn.

You don't even like her....

His brain might feel that way, but his body was another story. It wanted her with a vengeance.

"I'm sure there are plenty of women out there who don't work with you and who don't share my standards."

The problem was, he didn't seem to want any of them, and he didn't even know why. "Yeah."

She pulled into the garage that was under the Bat Tower.

He frowned as he realized that it was here. "Why do some people park across the street?"

"They prefer it."

"Why?"

"Call Dionne Warwick or ask one of them what park there. I, myself have no answer for it, since I like to park here."

He shook his head at her. "You are sassy."

She got out of the car with a saucy walk that only increased his discomfort. He growled low in his throat as he eyed those h*ps he would love to cup in his hands. Being around her was starting to seriously annoy him.

Syd could feel her heart pounding as she came under the full scrutiny of that incredibly male stare.

Don't go there.

But it was hard not to. Trying to force her hormones back into submission, she headed for the elevator that led to the upper floors.

Steele came up behind her and stood so close, she could feel the heat from his body.

"You know, I have to say this has been a hell of a day. When I woke up this morning, the last thing I expected was to be here in Nashville tonight."

She glanced up at the lights to see the elevator still had a ways to go before it arrived.

"Has anyone ever told you how good you kiss?"

She glanced over her shoulder to see him eyeing her like a predator. "Steele-"

He placed his finger over her lips to silence her. "It's okay, Sydney. I know how to take no for an answer. We'll forget about the kiss."

He dropped his hand away from her face, and she felt the absence of it immediately.

It's for the best.

Then why did she feel so vacant? For that matter, why did she crave another kiss from him, even though she knew better? Kisses only led to relationships, which eventually led to a broken heart, and she'd had her fill of the latter. Her days of being lovesick were over.

She didn't want to be hurt anymore. She had her career and her causes. They were enough to keep her happy.

At least, most of the time-and on the nights when they weren't, it was why the good Lord had created chocolate, and Ben and Jerry's.

Once the elevator arrived, they headed to the offices, while remaining completely silent.

The lobby area was dark, but as she entered the cube area, she realized that several agents were still working.

"Hey, Mark," she said as she paused outside his cube. "This is our newest member, Steele. Steele, meet Mark Thunder-heart."

Steele extended his hand out to a man who was obviously Native American. Tall and thin, he had long black hair that hung around an angular face. His jet-black eyes were uncanny with their intelligence.

"Hi."

Mark shook his hand and inclined his head to him. "Nice meeting you."

"You too."

He then bypassed Steele and pulled out a set of papers from his desk, which he handed to Syd. "I got that info for you. It appears your Kabukis have made their financial commitment to our friends at APS. There was a large wire transfer to their Cay-man account late this afternoon."

Syd made a sound of disgust in her throat as he used Steele's term for the Uhbukistanis. "Don't even tell me you were listening in this afternoon."

Mark laughed. "I couldn't help myself." He grinned at Steele. "I have to say, I thoroughly enjoyed your take on the conflict."

"Yeah, well, when King Oompa-Loompa is threatened, we all have to get involved."

Syd groaned. "Oh, please spare me before I get an ulcer."

Mark gave her an unrepentant grin. "They requested confirmation of their contact. So I figure if APS hasn't assigned a hit man to the president yet, they will in the next day or two."

"APS?" Steele asked.

"Asset Protection Systems. They're a front for a group of D.C. assassins and mercenaries we've been tracking for some time now."

Steele gave them a dry stare as he finally understood the real reason why he'd been contacted. "You want me to work for them."

Both of them nodded.

Damn. The last thing he wanted was to be involved...oh, wait, he'd already been involved with people like this for the last two years. "Who are these people, anyway?"

It was Mark who answered. "They are an independent firm that uses recruiters to find new talent. One of their recruiters goes by the name Dillon Williamon."

Suddenly everything became crystal clear in his mind. "You guys know he contacted me."

Again both Syd and Mark nodded.

That made sense. Dillon had offered him a job about nine months back after Steele had kept his younger brother from becoming another inmate's bitch. Of course, he and Williamon had assumed it would be about twenty years or more before Steele would need employment....

But now they wanted him to take the job from the mobster. Great. Just great.

"So how did you peg them?"

Mark pulled a roster out of a file and handed it to Steele. "There's a lot of ex-military working for APS, some of whom were referred there by Williamon."

Steele scanned the names. "That's normal though. A lot of military people go into security and law enforcement after they get out."

Syd put her hands in her pockets as she watched him. "Yeah, but when you do a background on these guys, you find an interesting array of talents that aren't really suited to a security company."

"Such as?"

"Demolition experts," Mark said. "Dishonorably discharged snipers and my personal fave, bio-weaponry experts."

Steele gave him a pointed look. "You have to love shadow agencies that pretend to be legit." He slid his gaze meaningfully to the American Fidelity Life Insurance logo that was painted on the wall behind Mark.

"Ha, ha," Syd said sarcastically. "But now you know why I had to leak your supposed escape. This way, when you show up on APS's doorstep, you look legit."

"I would still appreciate it if you would call the authorities off."

The look on her face was divinely evil. "You complete this mission, and I will."

He growled at her as she picked up a phone and handed it to him.

Steele took it with a frown. "What's this?"

"We need you to make contact with APS."

He gave her a droll stare. "You don't just call these people up out of the blue, Syd, and ask for a job."

Mark nodded in agreement. "He has a point."

"So then how do we get in?"

Steele winked at her. "We do this my way, remember?" He expected Syd to argue, but for once she remained silent.

Amazed by that, Steele called Information for Metuchen, New Jersey. Once he had the correct number for Williamon, he entered it in while Mark and Syd watched him closely.

"Hi," he said, stepping away from them. "Is Dillon Williamon there?"

"This is Dillon, who are you?"

He bristled at the commanding tone, but forced himself not to respond in kind. "It's Steele from Kansas. You told me to call you whenever I was looking for work."

There was several seconds of silence. "Are you shitting me?"

"No. I could really use a job right now."

"I thought you weren't interested."

"Yeah, well, I saw the light and was liberated."

Evil laughter sounded over the phone. "Your uncle looking for you?"

"Let's just say that I'd like to stay away from the old man for a while. Can you help me?"

"I don't know, man. You ready for this?"

Steele glanced over to Syd and the expectation on her face. He still couldn't believe he was doing this. He must have lost a few brain cells over the last two years. "Don't worry. I can handle myself."

"Yeah, I know. Where you looking to move to?"

"You know me, I don't much cotton to you Yankees. I'm thinking of someplace where I feel comfortable. You got anything around Dallas or D.C.?"

Dillon hissed. "Dallas is dry lately. You sure you don't want to head up this way? I got a lot of people who could use your talents and skills."

"Nah, man. I don't like cities that big. Besides, it'd take me too long to learn my way around. I'd rather stay on familiar turf."

"You got a point. Let me do some checking and call you back."

"That's easier said that done. I'm not exactly steady at the moment. How about I call you back?"

"Okay. Call me in the morning."

"You got it. Thanks." Steele hung up the phone.

"What was all that verbal code talk?" Syd asked.

"That was me interviewing to become a hired killer."

Syd crossed her arms over her chest. "Are you telling me it's that easy to become a contract killer?"

"No, I'm sure there will be more to it than that. But if he can put me in touch with whoever is running APS in D.C., we might be able to find your killer before he makes a move on King Oompa-Loompa."

"That's President Oompa-Loompa," Syd corrected.

Steele smiled as she finally accepted his nickname for the Uhbukistanis. "Sorry."

"Well, he's gotten us closer to them than we've ever been before," Mark said. "I'm impressed. With any luck, he'll let us in the back door yet."

"Yeah, but he knows nothing about undercover work, and we don't have much time to teach him."

"Bullshit," Steele said. "I'm a sniper. I know more about undercover work than all of you combined. First thing I learned was how to make myself invisible to my enemies. Believe me, I can handle anything they throw at me."

Still Syd looked skeptical. "I hope you're right, 'cause when all things are said and done, they just might be hurling a lot of live artillery your way."

That didn't scare him in the least. "Bring it on and damned be he who first cries, Enough. And I can guarantee you this. It won't be me."

Seven

Syd spent the next four hours briefing Steele on everything she knew about Uhbukistan and the<br/>

She'd learned a long time ago that she was the type of woman who wore her heart on her sleeve. And that was the one thing she truly hated most about herself. Whenever she was in love, she wasin love. Instead of being the hard-nosed agent she prided herself on, she became a total doormat for whatever guy held her heart in his careless hands.

Her last relationship had tutored her well on how much crap she could put up with from a man just to keep him around because the thought of living without him was too much to bear. All she'd done was cry and hold on to a relationship that had been cruel to her at best. David had used her as a backup girlfriend while he'd been engaged to his college sweetheart, who lived across the country.

She'd been devastated when he'd told her that instead of going to Cancun like they'd planned for a June vacation, he was getting married that very weekend.

Good Lord, she'd actually shown up at David's house and begged him to take her back. She'd stood on his doorstep and cried like a brokenhearted teenager. The next day, she'd overheard him laughing about it in the office with another coworker, who had quickly bandied that around the water cooler. That was yet another reason she was more than happy to be away from the FBI. At least while working for BAD, she wouldn't have to worry about running into David and that pompous smirk of his.

She would never again trust herself into the hands of a careless man so that he could toy with her. She intended to be her own person from now on, not some man's backup girlfriend.

"Don't play with me, Steele. The last time I slept with a guy I worked with, he wasn't serious about it. I found out the hard way that he had a fiancee back home that he'd forgotten to mention."

"You know in my case that that's not true. I assure you, I didn't leave a fiancee in prison. And I don't have anyone else in the world."

"Yeah, but I'm not doe-eyed enough to think for a minute that in less than twenty-four hours you have developed some lasting bond with me either."

Still, those dark brown eyes tempted her. "My grandfather proposed to my grandmother two hours after he met her on a bus. They married three weeks after that and were in love until the day he died, fifty-three years later."

She arched a brow. "Are you proposing to me?"

He gave her a hopeful look. "Will it get me laid?"

She screwed her face up at him. "You almost had me going there-almost."

She started past him. Steele took her arm gently and pulled her to a stop. "I'm only teasing, Syd."

"About what part?" She dipped her gaze down to where she could see how swollen he was.

"Obviously not about that. But you're the only woman I'm dying for a taste of."

She wasn't buying that either. "With the exception of Tee, who would shoot you if you even tried it, I'm the only woman you've seen in the last two years."

"Not true. I was out and about today, and all I could think of was you...you, and not Tee or that bombshell who got into the elevator when Carlos and I were leaving or the cute brunette who passed her number to me when I stopped in her shop to ask what time it was."

Surely he didn't think telling her about those other women was the way into her bed?

The man really had no finesse. "You are so not helping your cause."

He leaned his head back as if he were totally frustrated. "Fine. Get me back to Carlos's so that I can have a nice, long, cold shower."

Syd snatched up her purse and keys, but as she left her cube, she realized that Mark and Andre had heard every word of their exchange.

Her face flamed at the sight of them.

Mark stepped forward and handed Steele his card. "Give me a call tomorrow, and I can hook you up with some very talented women."

Syd glared at him. "What are you? A pimp?"

"No. I'm just trying to help the man out."

Andre laughed. "I don't know, brother, you keep that up and Syd looks like she's going to give you some of what she gave to Hunter last time she was in town."

Mark cringed as if in extreme pain just from the thought of it.

"What did she do?" Steele asked.

"Racked him so hard, she drove his balls up through his nostrils," Mark said. "Hunter still flinches and cups himself anytime she gets near him."

Steele scowled at her. "Why did you do that?"

"He pissed me off, and if we don't change this topic, I know a couple of other men who will learn to fear me and my killer knee." She passed a meaningful glare at both Mark and Andre.

Steele gave her a devilish grin. "I'll take the pain if you promise to kiss the boo-boo afterward."

She made a face at him. "You're disgusting!"

"No, he's desperate," Andre said in sympathy. "You women just don't understand.Dayam. Even I feel sorry for him, and I generally don't pity any man."

"I'm out of here." Syd headed for the door.

Andre laughed as Steele followed after her. "She's hasn't racked you yet," he called. "I'd take that as an encouraging sign from Syd Vicious."

"Thanks."

Ignoring them, Syd left the office and went to the elevators to press the button.

Steele came up behind her.

She turned to glare at him. "I could have done without that embarrassment. You know I really don't like being the office laughingstock."

"No one's laughing at you, Syd."

"Yes, they are." And she hated it. She hated him! She entered the elevator, then turned around to glare at him.

"So why did you rack the guy? Really?"

"He offended me."

"How?"

Before she could stop herself, the truth came pouring out. God, she really was tired and overworked. "He called me frigid and uptight, okay? Are you happy now? He was friends with the guy I used to date. The one who spent two years jerking me around. So the last thing I wanted to hear after all this time was thatI was the one with a problem."

"What an a**hole."

His indignation on her behalf startled her. "Excuse me?"

"I hope you knocked some sense into him. Any man who thinks you're frigid is an idiot."

She felt a little better at his words, even though if anyone should think her frigid, he was probably the one. "Thank you."

"You're welcome."

Feeling awkward again-which seemed to be her natural state around Steele-Syd didn't speak until they reached the parking garage.

She led the way to her car.

But as she unlocked the door, his words kept haunting her. And like a needy little puppy, she couldn't stop herself from asking, "Do you really think I'm not frigid?"

He paused to stare sincerely at her. "No woman who's frigid kisses the way you do. Trust me."

In spite of her common sense, she was thrilled with his response. She wasn't sure why, but she needed that reassurance. "Really?"

"Really."

She smiled. "Thanks, Steele."

He inclined his head to her before he got into the car. Syd joined him, and instantly felt a wave of desire coil through her. No man had ever stood up for her like this, and it felt good. Real good.

Don't, Syd.

She couldn't let herself get all fawning and stupid where he was concerned. This was a professional relationship. That was all it would ever be.

As she drove out of the lot, she couldn't stop herself from glancing over at him. The streetlights cut angles across the planes of his handsome face. Even so, she could see how tired he was.

But not even that detracted from the perfect masculine picture he made. If anyone was kissable, it was Steele. And deep inside she was a lot more attracted to him than she wanted to admit to anyone, even herself.

Like him, it had been way too long since she last had sex. But then, she'd never had much luck in that area. She didn't know why. Maybe she was too intense for most men.

Or maybe Hunter had been right, and she was frigid. Fear of it being true was what had caused her to attack him so ferociously.

Yet for a frigid woman, she found herself aching to reach across the seat and cup the part of Steele that was still swollen. She was actually amazed at how long he'd been that way and stunned by the fact that he was able to control himself so completely. It had to be excruciating for him, and yet he said nothing the few minutes it took her to drive over to Church Street.

She pulled up to the front of Carlos's building and stopped. She glanced back at the bulge that seemed to draw her gaze like a magnet.

Maybe it wouldn't be so bad to have a one-night stand-maybe that would end the whole "frigid" debate and doubts.

"You know, Steele, I...um...I-"

"It's okay, Syd," he said quietly, as if he understood what she was attempting to spit out. "I don't really want a pity fuck. I'm willing to wait."

Before she could respond, he leaned over, kissed her cheek, and was out of the car so fast that she barely had time to draw a breath.

Stunned by his actions, she watched as he made his way toward the dark building.

Her heart hammering, she strained for a glimpse of him, but he'd completely vanished into the darkness.

She still couldn't believe he'd left her when she'd been about to offer to take him home.

"You are a strange bird, Steele," she whispered before she locked her doors and took off.

Steele stood in the shadows he knew concealed him and watched as Syd left.You are such an idiot. She was right there, and you let her go. Have you lost your friggin' mind?

No, he'd meant what he said. He didn't want her in his bed because she felt sorry for him.

There was nothing worse than lackluster sex.

Well, okay, that was a lie. There were a lot of things worse. But he'd gone this long with nothing, what was a few more days...

Weeks...

Months...

Damn, he was a first-rate idiot. He should have taken her invitation. But then she'd probably hate him in the morning. Women could be so unpredictable that way. She already hated him enough. The last thing he needed was to give her even more reasons.

And even as that thought ended, he could envision what Syd would look like without those glasses. What she would look like with her hair free of that braid, draped over her shoulders as she straddled him...

Whimpering, he headed for the elevator. He froze as he reached for the button and caught the lingering scent of Sydney on his clothes. He closed his eyes and savored the sweet, feminine scent.

What he really wanted was that scent on his bare skin.

Grinding his teeth at the image of her nak*d and under him, he pressed the button and waited. He'd been dealing with this in prison. He could certainly deal with it out of prison.

But as he rode up the elevator, he was tormented by thoughts of Sydney. Thoughts of her br**sts in his hands...of her legs wrapped around his waist.

Or better yet, his neck.

He hissed as his c*ck jerked. Yeah, this was what he needed-walking into another man's apartment with the hard-on from hell. There was truly no justice in the world.

He'd barely opened the door before he was grabbed and flung into the wall. Acting on impulse, he turned and attacked. Unable to see his opponent, he grabbed the gun that was aimed at him and twisted it out of the man's hand.

The man backhanded him and said something in Spanish. The metallic taste of blood filled his mouth as he registered the voice.

"Carlos?"

The man went still. "Steele?"

"Yeah," he said sarcastically. "Who else would it be?"

Carlos turned on the lights.

Steele glared at him as he wiped the blood from his lips with the back of his hand. Carlos's hair was tousled from sleep. He had on a pair of flannel pajama bottoms and a black T-shirt.

"Have you lost your friggin' mind?" Steele snarled.

"No, man, I'm sorry. I was sound asleep, and all I heard was someone coming in."

"With a key?"

"I know. I was on autopilot and asleep. I'm really sorry." He pointed to the gun in Steele's hand. "Can I have my weapon back?"

"Hell, no. You might shoot me."

Carlos gave an evil laugh. "I intended to. But you're quick,culebro. I'm impressed. I've never had a man disarm me before."

"There's always a first time, and you're lucky I didn't pistol-whip you with it," Steele said as Carlos wiped at the blood on his brow, where he'd caught him in the fight.

"True enough." He reached for the gun.

Steele hesitated. He unloaded the clip before he returned it to Carlos.

Carlos grimaced. "Now what good is this?"

"It's the best you're going to get for the time being. Jeez. What if I have to get up in the middle of the night and piss? I don't want you to shoot me while I'm doing my business,comprende?"

Carlos held his hands up in surrender before he returned the gun to Steele. "In case someone else comes in here other than you and I, I'd rather at least one of us be armed."

"That's not comforting."

"I know. But as I said, I have those who would love to find me asleep."

Okay...it was nice to know that someone wanting Carlos dead could break in here while he slept. What had Joe been thinking when he offered him this place to rest?

Without another word, Carlos headed to the bedroom in back.

Sighing, Steele returned the clip to the gun and set it on the coffee table. Well, one good thing had come out of it. He was no longer hard. The attack had effectively curbed his desire.

Grateful for that one small comfort, he went to the couch, where Carlos had left a blanket and pillow. He moved the coffee table aside, pulled out the bed, then turned out the lights and undressed. After he lay down and covered himself up with the blanket, he reached for the weapon.

It was a Glock 18, a full automatic pistol. Yep, Carlos had meant business with this. Grateful that his reaction time hadn't slowed during his prison stint, he slid it under his pillow and settled down to sleep. But no sooner had he closed his eyes than images of Sydney tormented him again.

And as he drifted off to sleep, he wondered what she'd look like in a black lace teddy....

"I hear you, Andre," Syd said into the mic of her cell phone as she navigated the light morning traffic from the Bat Tower to Church Street. Carlos had shown up an hour ago at the office without Steele in tow.

"I didn't know you wanted me to bring him in. No one told me that."

She adored Carlos, but there were times when the man didn't think things through. He'd warned her that he'd left Steele asleep on the pull-out couch. Since Carlos didn't have a land line, she had no way to even call Steele to see if he was ready to get started.

Andre was on the other end of the phone, headed for the stadium where the chopper would land so that they could all head out to D.C.

"I'm thinking he should be up and ready to go when I get there." At least, she hoped so.

"I don't know, Syd. I think the man likes to harass you. He might still be sleeping just to piss you off. Or maybe he isup and ready, and he ventured out to relieve his pain. For all you know, he's off in flagrante delicto with some hot babe he found on the street when he went for coffee."

For some unknown reason, that thought really pissed her off. "You're not funny, Andre."

"Oooh, someone's cranky this morning."

"Just have that damn helicopter ready to go when we get there."

"Yes, ma'am, Miz Scarlett. You got any more orders for me?"

She let out an exasperated breath at his words. "I didn't mean it that way, and you know it."

"I know. Gather our boy up, and I'll see you shortly."

"All right. I'll see you in a few." Syd hung up the phone as she stopped in front of the building and parked. She pulled her headset off and left it in the passenger seat before she got out and headed for the door. She clipped the cell phone to her purse as she made her way up the sidewalk.

The building was completely silent as she made her way to Carlos's apartment. As soon as she reached it, she knocked on the door.

No one answered.

Andre's words about Steele having found a willing woman haunted her. Angry that he might be right, Syd leaned closer to the door and listened carefully. She held her breath as she waited for the telltale sounds of sex. But there was no sound inside. Everything seemed completely quiet. More relieved than she wanted to admit, Syd knocked again.

Again there was no response.

Now her anger gave way to fear that something might be wrong. She pulled her weapon out and reached for the spare key Carlos had given her. She opened the door slowly and did a quick sweep of the perimeter, only to find Steele still sleeping on the couch.

Steele was curled on his side, facing the wall. His blanket was twisted around long, tanned limbs that were lightly dusted with dark hairs. But what held her attention was the sight of his bared back and chest.

Holy cripes, the man had a body that was made for sinning. Her mouth was literally watering for a taste of that.

Get a grip.

The problem was, the only thing she wanted to grip was some of that luscious bare skin.

Her heart hammering, she shook her head in disgust at her wayward thoughts. It figured he would still<br/>

She frowned as she recognized Carlos's weapon. Why did Steele have it? How did he have it? Carlos was about as paranoid as anyone could get. It wasn't like him to leave a weapon lying about. Syd unloaded it, then left it in the kitchen drawer before she went back to the sofa bed to make it up.

Deciding the blanket should be washed lest Carlos figure out what they'd done in his place, she went back into the kitchen to search out Carlos's washer and dryer.

As the water came on, she heard Steele curse in the bathroom. "Sorry!" she called, but even so she didn't turn the washer off. She was too afraid she'd forget and leave evidence behind.

She still couldn't believe that she'd allowed Steele do that to her. "I have to be the dumbest human to ever live and breathe," she whispered to herself. "When am I going to learn?"

But maybe it had been a good thing. Steele no doubt needed the release. Now he should be able to focus.

And maybe she could too.

Maybe.

She jumped as her cell phone rang. Answering it, she found Andre on the other end.

"Whereare you?"

"We're still in Carlo's apartment. Steele was asleep when I got here, and now he's getting dressed."

"Well, shake a leg. We can't stay here all day."

"I know. We'll be there shortly." As she hung up the phone, Steele left the bathroom...still completely nak*d. Now he was dripping wet and looking way too choice.

She ground her teeth at the damp perfection of that body. "That was Andre, telling us to hurry."

"I'm hurrying," he said with a wink. "Can't you tell?"

"No. You look like you're crawling from here."

Tsking playfully at her, he walked past to grab his clothes from the floor by the couch.

Syd frowned as she realized he didn't have anything else to wear. "Remind me, we need to get you some clothes later."

He snorted. "I'd much rather you get me nak*d again later."

Her stomach shrank at his teasing tone. "Look, Steele, this didn't happen, okay? We didn't do anything here as far as I'm concerned."

A hurt look flashed across his face before he concealed it. "Don't worry, Syd. I've had enough one-night stands in my life to know how to behave afterward."

Now it was her turn to be stung. "I'll bet you have. You're probably one of those guys who promises to call and then never does."

He tugged his shirt over his head. "I've never in my life made a promise I didn't keep. Never."

"Then promise me that you'll forget all about this and never mention it to anyone."

"Done. Didn't happen. It's forgotten already." He turned his back on her and folded up the bed back into the couch.

Even though those words should thrill her, they didn't. Instead, it left a hole in her stomach that ached.

It's for the best.

Still, that hole was there. Burning. Empty. Consuming. Swallowing against the pain of it, she nodded as she led him toward the door.

As she opened the door, Steele caught her and pulled her to a stop. "But answer me one thing, Syd."

"What?"

"Canyou forget about it?"

Syd didn't answer him. As he'd pointed out, she wasn't that good a liar. "We have people waiting on us."

The look on his face was harsh and condemning. "One day, Sydney, you're going to have to face me."

She lifted her chin until their gazes were locked. "I have no trouble facing you. But tellme<br/>

Yeah, and he was three feet tall and green.One thing Steele had learned as a sniper, the brass could and would change plans at a moment's notice for absolutely no reason at all.

Never rely on intelligence unless you wanted to die.

He watched as Andre pulled up a list of stores the Uhbukistani president wanted to visit while he was in town. "Just out of curiosity. Is there any information you guys can't access?"

Syd shook her head. "Not really. But you'll get used to no privacy."

Maybe."I still say they'll probably change their plans once they arrive."

She looked a bit...well, for lack ofa better word, miffed at his insistence. "If there weren't Secret Service men assigned to him, I might agree. But as you well know the Secret Service doesn't like change. Once a plan is set, they usually go through with it even when they have reports that tell them it might not be a prudent thing to do."

Steele didn't comment.

"Now our biggest concern is what to do with you," Syd said as she read over the reports. "We're going to need you to get us info on how the APS personnel files are set up. We can't find them on anything which says that they are hidden under something we're not thinking of. We need to know who their power assassins are. Anything like that that you can give us."

"And if I can't get it?"

"We'll have a dead president on our hands and a major auction for nuclear weapons."

Andre handed him another pair of sunglasses. "This is your mic and your camera. You can wear them<br/>

"Yeah. It's the 'put the mirror on your door and sleep in the right direction' bullshit."

Randy's face was stone cold and blank. "The Chinese say that you should never, ever buy a used desk unless you know the history of it. They claim that if it belonged to a bad businessman, his karma will befall you." He indicated his desk with a tilt of his head. "This one here belonged to President Kennedy. So what do you think that means?"

Steele shrugged. "I don't know, but if I were you, I wouldn't ride through Dallas in a convertible in November. Bad feng shui."

Wallace laughed at that. He reached to a wooden box on his desk and opened it. "You smoke?"

"Only when I'm on fire."

His face returned to stone. "I don't appreciate your humor, Mr. Steele."

"It's an acquired taste."

Wallace pulled out a Cuban cigar, then reached for a clipper. He didn't speak as he prepped, then lit, the cigar. He blew out the match, then tossed it in the ashtray. "Dillon tells me that he owes you."

Steele nodded grimly.

Wallace tapped the cigar on the ashtray while he narrowed his eyes on him. "I'm going to be honest with you, Steele. I don't like working with people I don't know. And I don't know anything about you. For all I know, you're some limp-wristed pansy with a few swift moves."

Steele was completely unamused by the man's words. "Hmmm, let's see...I cried when Ole Yeller died, but I was young back then. I have a scar on my knee from when Willie Durante knocked my off my bike when I was seven. I beat the shit out of him later, then took his bike and sold it at a pawnshop. Oh, and my favorite color is pink...it's really soothing."

Wallace scowled. "What kind of bullshit is that?"

Steele gave him a bored stare. "Look, there's nothing I'm ever going to tell you about me that's the truth. The more you know about me, the shorter your life span is going to be. All you need to know is that I don't miss. In fact, you don't even need to know exactly how good I really am, because if you ever find out, you're going to be dead."

One corner of his mouth turned up. "There you're wrong."

"How you figure?"

Wallace reached into his desk drawer and pulled out a small digital camera. Steele frowned as he took a picture of him, then set the camera aside and checked his watch.

"Haven't you ever wondered how someone such as myself 'interviews' an independent contractor?"

Steele toyed with the arm of his chair. "The thought did cross my mind."

"Well, it's simple, really. That photograph I just took of you will be e-mailed to one of my contractors in twenty minutes and counting. My contractor will then have twenty-four hours to complete training."

"What training is this?"

He smiled snidely. "It's the game of life, Mr. Steele. Survival of the fittest and all that. Whoever makes it back to this office tomorrow at three-thirty will get a bonus and will have a job. Whoever doesn't...well, that contractor won't need a job, since he'll be permanently dead. May the best contractor win."

Steele sat there in complete shock. "You've got to be shitting me."

"Do I look like I'm 'shitting' you, Mr. Steele?"

No, he looked serious as all get-out. "I don't even have a weapon."

Wallace shrugged. "Resourcefulness is ninety percent of the trade." He checked his watch. "Fifteen minutes and counting."

Steele glanced over his shoulder at Bruce. He could easily take both men out and stop this here and now. But then the Uhbukistanis would only hire someone else, and Syd would kill him for screwing this up.

Damn. Here was one scenario BAD hadn't seen coming.

He stood up slowly and eyed Wallace with malice. "Your bonus better be worth it. If it's not, I'm going to add your head to the collection onmy wall."

The bastard actually laughed at him. "Run, Bambi, run."

"Fuck you." His blood boiling, Steele made his way out of the room with Bruce trailing three steps behind him.

So much for all the stories Syd and Andre had prepped him on. Wallace didn't care if he'd really escaped from jail or not. Most likely, that was because he thought Steele would be dead in the next few hours.

Part of him wanted to drive straight back to Nashville and choke Joe for this. The other part just hoped he lived long enough to make it off M Street.

"Y'all have a good day now," the receptionist called after him.

What? Was the woman high? He raised his hand up in mock friendliness.

"You, too," he said in a high-pitched voice. No doubt she had no idea what had just happened. Or maybe she did. For all he knew, she was the one assigned to check him out.

You're paranoid.

Duh to that. He didn't like the thought of a hired killer knowing what he looked like while he was completely in the dark. What's more, he wouldn't be able to go near Andre or anyone else, since he'd<br/>

"Wait, wait, wait. Go back to the first thing. What's this twenty-four-hour thing? Andre didn't tell me anything about that."

Steele gave her a mean glare. "You wanted me to get a job. Well, lady, that's their job-screening. I kill him, or he kills me. Winner gets the job."

"You're kidding."

"Absolutely. I'm not the least bit serious. All of this is one big hallucination. And I'm not sitting over here bleeding to death. But hey, since it's a hallucination, could you please make my arm stop throbbing because right now it hurts like hell." He practically snarled the last bit at her.

"You don't have to be so nasty."

He growled at her like a wounded bear-which she supposed he was. That growling only increased as she pulled up to the Henley Park Hotel and parked off to the side so that their beat-up car wouldn't be quite so obvious.

"What the hell are we doing here?"

She gave him a menacing glare as she put the car in park. "Getting a room."

"In a swanky hotel? Sure. Why not?"

"The assassin won't be looking for us here."

He rolled his eyes at her. "You can't outrun the satellites, Syd. Not to mention the fact that I'm just a little hard to hide right now. How do you propose we get me in there? I think they might get upset if I bleed all over their polished floors."

"Don't worry, Steele. This is one hotel where they have plenty of security. If someone comes into this place who isn't a registered guest, theywill be stopped. A French politician and his family are here on vacation, and they have elevated their procedures to accomodate him. It's the safest place I know of."

She balanced her weapon on his thigh. "Here. Protect yourself while I sign us in." She hesitated as she saw the agony of his expression. "Hang in there for me, okay?"

He took her weapon grudgingly. "What? You going soft, Syd Vicious?"

She gave him her own growl before she got out and rushed across the sidewalk, toward the entrance.

Steele forced himself not to say anything while she left him out in the open like a neon sign begging the independent contractor to come finish him off.

As he looked around the car, with its obvious bullet holes and shattered glass, he started laughing at the thought of what it must look like outside with the fender damage too. Yeah. They looked like they belonged at a fine hotel, huh? It was a wonder management wasn't calling the police to escort the riffraff off the premises.

He didn't know what would be worse.

Steele's eyes narrowed as an unmarked black sedan entered the lot, then slowed down as it came into view of his car. It crept along, slowing even more as it came alongside him.

He gripped the weapon, ready to fire.

It parked two spaces down. Grinding his teeth against the pain, he pulled the slide back to look a bullet in the chamber as he held his breath and prepared to shoot.

Until he saw two young women get out of the car. They were chatting together as they put their designer purses on their shoulders and grabbed several shopping bags from the backseat. Completely oblivious to him, they chatted away as they headed for the hotel.

Steele drew a long breath as he switched the safety on and relaxed even though the pain of his shoulder was a throbbing nightmare. He'd learned a long time ago to deal with physical discomfort. The wound would either stop throbbing eventually or kill him.

At the moment, he had no preference.Just make the damn pain stop.

Grinding his teeth, he tilted his head back and took long, deep breaths. He wasn't sure how much time had passed before he saw Sydney headed back toward the car.

She ran to his side.

"Stay there a second," she mouthed through the only piece of glass that wasn't shattered.

"You know, I can hear you just fine, since most of the windows are gone," Steele said sarcastically, frowning as he watched her go to the trunk. A few seconds later, she returned with a long coat. She opened the door and made a face of sympathetic pain as she saw the blood that had soaked the faux leather interior of the car.

"Sorry, hon," he said, wiping the sweat from his brow. "I made a mess."

She didn't look amused. "Are you okay?"

"For a guy who's bleeding to death, I'm doing pretty good. You?"

She shook her head at him as she wiped her hand over his face. He closed his eyes at the tenderness of her unexpected actions. He didn't know how her touch could make him feel anything other than the pain of his injury, but it did. Hell, it even made him hard again.

She brushed his hair back from his brow. "We need to get you inside."

"What about the car?"

"It'll be taken care of."

Deciding not to argue, Steele got out slowly and pulled the coat on. He let out a groan as his shoulder flamed even more. He heard Syd hiss in sympathy. She helped him put it on gently, then buttoned it.

It was a bit warm for a coat, and no doubt it would gain them too much attention, but Steele went with it anyway. The coat would be less conspicuous than the blood.

"We need to get to the room before I bleed through this," he mumbled.

She nodded as she tried to help him away from the car.

"I got it, Syd. It'll be too obvious if you help me."

"Okay," she said as she led him toward the hotel.

"I still think it's a mistake to stay here."

"Don't worry. This place is crawling with security."

Was that supposed to make him feel better? The last thing he needed was for any of them to be TV watchers who'd seen his supposed jailbreak.

"We're on the third floor," she said as they entered the lobby and she led him toward the elevators.

He would have put the sunglasses back on, but seeing how dark the lobby was, that would make him look even more suspicious than he already did. So Steele kept his head down, but he was well aware of everyone in the place. Luckily the two desk clerks were busy chatting, and the only man who was obvious in the lobby was sitting with his laptop, working.

Syd pulled out her cell phone and pressed a button. She started speaking in spook talk, which meant she was saying nothing while updating someone on their situation. Steele had no idea who she was talking to, and frankly he didn't care. His head was starting to buzz, and the last thing he could afford was to pass out.

He leaned against the back wall of the elevator car while she pressed the button for their floor. It seemed to take forever before the doors opened onto an elegant hallway. Syd led him out to a room that was halfway down, between the elevator and the stairwell.

"Let me guess," he said as she fumbled with the lock. "Not a coincidence?"

She shook her head as she hung up the phone. "We need an escape route."

"Good woman."

As soon as she had the door open, Steele headed for the bed so that he could finally lie down. But what he really wanted to do was pass out.

If only...

Syd bit her lip as she headed for Steele and helped him remove the coat, which was now completely soaked with blood. She sucked her breath in sharply at the sight of his wound. "I'm sorry. I didn't realize how bad it was."

"It's just a flesh wound," he said in a bad rendition fromMonty Python and the Holy Grail.

"What are you, a loon?" she asked, using another quote from that scene.

He laughed, then groaned. "You like Python?"

She nodded as she dropped the coat to the floor. "See the violence inherent in the system. Help, help, I'm being oppressed."

His eyes were light, even though his brow was creased with pain. "I need some towels, a knife, and a sewing kit with some kind of alcohol to soak it in."

Syd scowled at him. "Oh, you are not seriously going to tend this on your own, are you?"

"The only other way is to cauterize it. In which case I need towels, a knife, and a lighter."

She stared aghast at his calmness. "You're just going to dig it right out of your shoulder all by your lonesome, huh?"

"It would be nice for you to do it, but since I don't trust you not to nick an artery and kill me, I think I should handle it."

"Do this a lot, do you?" she asked as she went for the towels.

"Only when I have to."

And that made her stomach clench. She grabbed two towels and headed back for him. In all honesty, she was worried about him. He didn't look good, but then given his current state there was little wonder about that.

"Lie back," she said as she pressed the towels to the wound. "Andre will be here momentarily with help."

"No!"

She glared at him. "Yes, Steele. We can't afford to have you die on us. We're compromised enough."

She could tell he wanted to argue, but he merely laid his head back and kept his jaw clenched.

Someone knocked on the door. "Housekeeping."

Steele had the gun up and angled at the door before she could even reach for it. She motioned to him to stay down while she approached the door, half expecting it to be the hired killer.

She lifted herself up so that she could see out of the peephole. "Yes?"

"You need extra towels and alcohol?"

She relaxed only a hair at the code words. Still, she wasn't foolish enough to trust them completely. She<br/>

"You know, I'm right here, Doc," Steele said. "And I'm not stupid or deaf. I can hear you."

The doctor didn't say anything as she finished packing up. By the time she left the room, the good doctor again looked just like any other hotel maid.

Neither of them spoke as the doctor left with what appeared to be dirty towels.

Syd bolted the door before she returned to Steele, who looked like he was only one step away from passing out. "How you doing?"

"I've been better."

She could imagine. Syd went into the bathroom to get a cool compress.

After wringing it out in the sink, she returned to place it on his damp brow. "I'm sorry, Steele. I didn't know they'd do this to you."

His features relaxed as he closed his eyes. "It's okay, Syd. Who could have imagined that a man who heads up a company of paid assassins and mercenaries would be psychotic?"

She let out a disgusted breath. "Could you please lay off the sarcasm?"

"I can try, but I make no promises. I tend to excel at it."

Yes, he did. "Well, I guess if anyone is entitled to it, you are."

He opened one devilish eye to look up at her. "What a day, huh?" To her complete shock, he pushed himself up.

"What are you doing?"

"We can't afford to stay down."

Syd pushed him back. "I have your back, Steele. You need to rest."

Steele started to fight, but the sensation of her hands on his bare chest did something odd to him. It wasn't in him to trust anyone. It really wasn't, and yet some part of him was betraying that code even as he tensed.

He lay back down.

Syd smiled at him, and his groin jerked in reaction to the way her face softened. She put the cool compress back on his brow before she lightly stroked his hair. It was all he could do not to moan at how good she felt.

He hadn't had a woman take care of him like this since...

Ever.

It was true, he realized. Not even his mother had been allowed to coddle him. His father had been adamant that a boy didn't need any kind of sympathy. He'd been afraid of making his son weak. And most of the women he'd dated had been more into their own comforts than his.

"Other than your sister, you got any other siblings, Syd?"

"A younger brother."

He wondered if she'd ever done this for him. "Does your family know what you do for a living?"

"Not a clue. They think I'm a government insurance agent."

"Are they proud of you?" He wasn't even sure why he asked that, but some part of him was curious. His father had never been proud of him. There were times when he suspected that the man couldn't even stand being in the same room with him, and that was even before his arrest. Not that he cared. He'd come to terms with his father's emotionless state years ago.

"They are, but I wonder what they'd think if they ever knew what I really did for a living."

"I'm sure they'd be concerned for your safety."

She nodded. "What about you? Weren't your parents afraid of having a son in the military?"

"Hardly. My dad couldn't wait for the day I turned old enough to join so that he could kick me out of the house. My mom's the kind who would gladly hand me a rifle and tell me not to embarrass her as I head off to war. I think she must have been a Spartan mother in a former life."

She pulled the cloth from his brow.

Steele opened his eyes to find her staring at him with a strange, almost weepy look. "Is that why you don't go by your name?"

"Not really. No one ever really used it. My dad always called me boy, or son. My mom and sister used J.D., and all my friends used my last name just to jerk on me, so Steele stuck long ago."

She cocked her head as she wrinkled her nose at him. "You don't look like a J.D."

"No?"

She shook her head. "Besides, that has too many derogatory meanings."

"Such as?"

"Jury Duty. Justice Department. Juris Doctorate. Juvenile Delinquent."

He gave her a lopsided grin. "Rather appropriate. I am a felon."

She lightly stroked his cheek. "Maybe, but you look more like a Josh to me."

Steele reached up to cup the softness of her cheek. He focused on those lips of hers that always seemed to beg him for a hot kiss. "If I let you call me Josh, will you kiss me?"

"Steele...I already told you-"

He pulled her to him and cut her words off with a kiss. Steele sighed as he tasted the sweet warmth of her mouth. For a woman who wanted to put this morning behind them, she had a funny way of responding to his touch. She buried her hand in his hair as she tugged lightly on his bottom lip with her teeth.

And even though his arm hurt like hell, he knew that underneath that little skirt, she was still nak*d, and he couldn't help wondering if this kiss was making her wet for him.

Syd found it hard to think with him kissing her like this. What was it about him that was so addictive?

He deepened his kiss as he took her hand into his and led it to his c*ck so that she could feel just how swollen he was. She cupped him through the denim, taking care not to hurt him. She moaned at the size of him as an image of him in her arms tore through her. More than that, she remembered exactly how good he'd felt earlier.

He was right, she couldn't really put it out of her mind.

But she had no choice. Pulling her hand away, she withdrew from his lips.

She saw the look of disappointment in his eyes.

"I know," he said gruffly. "Not the time or place."

"Not to mention you're wounded."

"Yeah, but you know what they say."

She frowned. "About what?"

"You can't feel both pain and pleasure at the same time. Since I can't take the meds, you wouldn't want to ease my ache, would you?"

She made a disgusted face at him. "You have to be the king of bad come-on lines. Have youever had a woman take you up on one of them?"

His look turned devilish. "All the time. Women love my debonair wit. Besides, it was worth a shot."

"You keep talking like that, and you'll have another 'shot' to deal with."

"Yeah, yeah." He reached into his pocket.

Syd frowned as she saw him pull out a wad of dark green fabric. Her face flamed as she realized it was her underwear. "Give me that!"

He held it away from her. "Let me put them on you, and I will."

"You've got to be kidding me."

He shook his head.

Syd glared at him. Honestly, it would be easy to take them back, but to do that would hurt his injury even more. It could even reopen it.

Just do it. Get it over with and get your underwear back.

It wasn't like he hadn't already touched her. That thought seriously backfired as she remembered exactly how good he'd felt this morning.

"Fine," she said angrily.

His dark eyes were taunting as he unwadded the panties and got up slowly. In all honesty, she couldn't breathe as she watched him kneel on the floor in front of her. With one hand on the wall to steady herself, she lifted one leg and inserted it into the panties.

She knew from his position that he had a perfect view of her underneath her skirt. It was strangely erotic, especially given the heated look on his face. She knew he was thinking of how she'd tasted earlier, and the truth was, she wanted to feel his mouth on her again. Her body was already on fire as she felt the moisture pooling for him. Licking her lips, she lifted the other leg.

Steele pulled the panties up slowly, rising with them until he stood before her. He pulled the hem of her skirt up all the way to her waist before he slid his hand down between their bodies.

"Look me in the eye, Syd, and tell me you're not wet for me. Tell me right now that you're not aching to feel me touch you."

She couldn't speak. He was right. Her body was absolutely throbbing with bittersweet pain.

As he tugged at her panties, his knuckles grazed against her sensitive cleft. She moaned in spite of herself.

One corner of his mouth quirked up as he released her underwear and ran one long, hard finger against her. She shivered as he wiggled it against the part of her that was swollen for him.

Steele wanted to shout in triumph at how wet she really was and at the fact that she wasn't pulling away from him. Dipping his head down, he kissed those plump, taunting lips. She clutched him to her as he slid his finger deep inside her.

So much for forgetting about this morning, huh? But he would never tease her with that. The truth was, he didn't want her to forget, any more than he wanted her to pull away from him. Pain or no pain, he wanted another taste of her.

More than that, he wanted her to ride his c*ck the way she rode his fingers.

His body burning, he'd started to reach for his fly when he happened to see a strange shadow flash on the wall beside her.

Syd whimpered slightly as Steele pulled back from her white-hot body. He was now looking at the window and not her. Scowling, she turned to see what had him distracted.

But before she could do anything more than twist at the waist, Steele sank to his knees and pulled her to the floor with him.

Three seconds later, she heard a pop in the wall. She looked up and went pale.

There was a bullet hole in the vicinity of where her head had been just a second before.

Ten

More shots splattered the beige wall as glass shattered from their windows and bullets tore through the cloth of the muted colored curtains.

"Fucking amateurs," Steele snarled in her ear as he pushed himself away from her so that he could put himself closer to his weapon. "Then again, thank God or you'd be dead."

Somehow that wasn't comforting to her. Syd quickly pulled her underwear up and her skirt down, and tried hard not to think about the fact that their assailant had most likely seen their little interlude through the scope on his rifle.

"Where's he shooting from?" Syd asked.

He gave her a patronizing look. "I don't know. You want to go look out the window and then tell me the answer?"

She gave him her own peeved stare. "I thought you experts could tell these things from the angle of impact and such."

He crawled on the floor until he reached his weapon. "I could if I stood up to examine the busted drywall. But personally, I'd like to live long enough to shove the barrel of my SR up this guy's-"

His words were broken off by more shots.

But those shots were enough to give her a clue as to where they were originating-from across the parking lot. Rolling to her knees, Syd rose and fired out the shattered window.

Steele cocked his head. "What are you shooting at?"

"Hopefully our attacker."

"Do you have any extra ammo after you exhaust that clip?"

She bridled at his criticism and the fact that he was right. Once the ammo was gone, it was gone.

Steele let out a disgusted breath as more shots were fired haphazardly into their room. "Why is he shooting like this? It doesn't make sense. There are too many witnesses to take such a chance."

She heard the sound of police sirens approaching from outside. "Maybe he's doing it to get you arrested."

He shook his head, and she agreed-that didn't make sense either. Since Steele knew about their undercover club, the last thing they would want was to take a chance on him telling the police about their organization.

So why the dramatic attack? It was as if the assassin wanted to get caught.

More bullets arched through the room.

She glanced to Steele as he cursed again. "You want to run for it?"

His face hardened as if he were ready to stare down the devil and win. "Not really. He's out there waiting for us. We hit the street, and we're ducks in a barrel."

"Isn't that fish in a barrel?"

"Don't f**k with my metaphors right now, Syd. Can't you see that I'm under stress?"

He had a point. But where did that leave them? They couldn't stay here with the police bearing down on them while they were under fire.

"Hotel security!"

Syd added her own curse to his as someone pounded on their door. What kind of idiot would do such a thing?

Couldn't he hear the...

The assassin paused his assault-most likely to reload, but he could riddle the door with bullets again at any moment. God help the idiot in the hall if he did.

What was she going to do? There was blood all over the bed. Steele's shirt was cut to pieces beside them on the floor, and the bandage on his shoulder was starting to bleed again. She didn't have any kind of agency ID on her, and neither did Steele.

The last thing they needed right now was hotel security hassling them.

Or worse, the cops outside storming into the building, wanting an ID.

"I think you're going to have to go to jail for a little while," she said to Steele.

He glared at her. "No. I'm not about to be unarmed in a jail cell and at this prick's mercy. Rule two of a sniper-No one takes my weapon from me."

The door lock clicked an instant before it opened slowly.

Before she could move, Steele rushed the man in the red security coat. More bullets sprayed through the room as Steele and the man went crashing to the hallway floor.

"Steele?" she called.

He crawled over the security guard to the other side of the hallway, where he checked his clip as he leaned against the wall. "Stay down!" he ordered the guard, who was still on the floor. "I don't know's shooting at us or why, but he's not stopping his attack."

The guard stopped moving entirely. "What should I do?"

Syd gave him a dry stare. "Breathe shallowly, and whatever you do, don't raise your head. At least, not if you want to keep it."

More bullets sprayed the wall and doorframe.

The security guard covered his head and started praying out loud.

As soon as Syd made her way into the hallway too, Steele grabbed her and ran in a crouching stance with her toward the stairs.

"What are we doing?" she asked. "The police will be-"

"We're heading up," he said, climbing the stairs.

"Why?"

"Because the cops will be coming up to our floor," he said between clenched teeth. "And we can't head down without meeting up with them. I don't know about you, but it's not something I want to do half-naked and bleeding."

They were a bit conspicuous. Personally, she'd rather meet the cops than their attacker, but since she'd been running the show so far, she deferred to Steele to see what he had planned. He led her up two flights of stairs before he left the stairwell.

He went down the hallway until he came to a door on the opposite side of the hotel from theirs.

He knocked roughly on the door. "Hotel security. Is anyone in there?"

Syd remained quiet as her heart beat frantically against her chest. She hated being in a situation where she wasn't in complete control. It didn't happen very often, and she really resented it happening now.

She also hated not knowing who or what was out there, waiting to take their lives.

After a few seconds with no answer, Steele put a card key into the lock and opened the door.

Her jaw went slack. "How did you-"

"I lifted it from the security guard when I threw him to the floor," he said, opening the door. He entered first and scanned the room.

He pulled her in before he shut the door and locked it.

She watched as he went to the drawers and rifled through them until he found a D.C. sweatshirt. He checked the size before he pulled it on over his bare chest.

"Thank God for tourists," he said as he went back to the door and checked the peephole.

Syd repeated his actions as she searched the drawer for a pair of pants. She kicked her heels off and replaced her skirt with a pair of baggy blue jeans, then fluffed her blouse out over them. It wasn't the most attractive outfit, but it would do.

Now if she just had running shoes...

"All right," Steele said. "You and I are just a married couple here to sightsee, who know nothing about any of this. Got it?"

"Sure."

"Good."

Syd tossed her pumps in the trash. "If we don't get out of here soon, we're screwed."

He snorted. "I don't know about you, but I've had that feeling since the moment I first met you people. The least you could do, baby, is give me a little more foreplay to ease me into it."

She shook her head at him as she heard a click from outside, probably the police cutting the power lines to the hotel.

Syd tucked her weapon into her waistband. "Speaking of ease, let's ease our way out of here under a police escort."

"Are you insane?"

"No. Think about it. My money says our little sniper out there will be wearing a cop's uniform and will come in here with them to search the hotel. Why else would he shoot at us the way he has unless he wants the cops to come and cover him? He'll shoot you on sight and claim that he recognized you as an escaped felon. In the ensuing chaos, he'll vanish."

She saw the grudging respect in his eyes. "It makes sense, doesn't it? The news would report the incident, and he'd have total verification of the kill. All things considered, it's a good plan."

"Too good. So we need to get out of here before he comes in and shoots you somewhere we can't bandage."

Steele had never been the kind of guy to follow anyone blindly-a fact that had gotten him into serious trouble while in the Army. Yet he was beginning to trust Syd and her instincts almost as much as he trusted his own. He hated to admit it, but she made a good ally.

"What's your plan?"

"To live through this," she said with a wink. "C'mon and follow my lead."

She took him by the hand and led him out into the empty hallway. It was completely dark as they made<br/>

She glanced at him. "Well, we've got a lot of open road between there and here. Our 'other' friend could easily come back and finish what he started."

"In that case, find a place to pull over and let's see if Andre left us anything in the trunk that's worth having."

Syd obeyed, and within a few minutes, they found a rifle case and two suitcases in the trunk. Steele could feel his eyes shining in glee as he caressed the rifle. It was well oiled, without a scratch on it. Even though he'd forsaken his sniper's post, it felt good to touch another sniper rifle after all this time.

Too good.

Maybe Jack had been right when he said that snipers weren't chosen, they were born already made. And once made, the only way to unmake them was to kill them. 'Cause God knew, he hadn't felt like this since the day he'd been arrested. There was a special bond a sniper felt with his weapon. It was like marriage. You took care of it, and it took care of you.

Closing the case and putting those thoughts away, he turned toward Syd. "Get us to Virginia. We have a score to settle."

Syd shook her head at the enthusiasm on Steele's handsome face and the gleam in those deadly brown eyes. He was ready to make the assassin pay, and she couldn't blame him. Personally, she'd like to give the man a piece of her training too.

She headed back to the driver's seat while he took the rifle and a new handgun, along with their ammunition, to his side of the car. She watched as he inspected them.

"You can't have weapons out in the car like that. You know that's illegal in Virginia, right?"

"Only if we get caught."

She rolled her eyes as she drifted back into traffic. Steele reminded her of a kid in his favorite toy store as he went over the weapons.

"Does it all meet your approval?" she asked.

"Andre has good taste." He slammed a loaded clip into the handgun before he locked a bullet into the chamber.

"Yes, he does," she agreed as she kept her senses alert to all the cars around them. She kept expecting the Escalade to turn up again.

"Don't be so paranoid."

She glanced back at Steele, who had his head tilted back and his eyes closed. "Why not?"

"He won't be back right away. He'll give us time to relax our guard. Not to mention he still has to evade the cops and reload and replan."

He was probably right. "How you feeling?"

"Like I got shot and then dragged out of bed."

She frowned at the sight of blood just seeping through the sweatshirt. "You've been holding up like a pro."

He opened his eyes to give her a hard stare. "I am a pro, Syd. Isn't that why you sprung me?"

She nodded. "But you've exceeded all my hopes."

"Don't get soft on me, Vicious. I won't know how to deal with you if you do."

She wondered about his words. He didn't really seem like he enjoyed interacting with people in general and her in particular. It made her curious as to what he would have been like had they met as two strangers on the street. "Do you know how to deal with anyone?"

"Not really," he whispered. "People skills have never been my forte. It's why it was so easy to be a sniper. I only have to interact with my spotter. Everyone else can go to hell."

"So I take it long-term relationships were never a part of your future plans."

He snorted at that. "Not really. Women either confuse me or they irritate me. Never have I met one I could stand to be around for more than a few months before I'd had enough of her."

She made a disgusted noise at him. "On behalf of my entire gender, I am seriously offended by that."

"Yeah, well, I don't see a ring on your finger either, babe. Why is that?"

Syd gripped the wheel. "None of your business."

"Touche."

Syd had a feeling there was more to his curt dismissal, though. She remembered the file on him that she'd been reading that morning before she'd picked him up. He'd been engaged at the time they'd arrested him. "Does your opinion of women include Melissa?"

He frowned. "Who?"

"Your fiance?"

"Margaret," he said quietly. "Her name was Margaret."

"Sorry. Didn't she aggravate you too?"

"Yes, which is why we'd broken up a year before my episode with my CO."

"Your file said you were still engaged at the time of your arrest."

'My file," he said in a totally dispassionate voice, "was wrong. I dumped her the day I opened the door to her apartment and found her on her knees with another guy in front of her. Kind of killed any thoughts I had of having a future with her."

Her stomach shrank in sympathy for him. Man, that was a harsh way to learn someone was cheating on you. Poor guy.

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be. It was probably the best thing that could have happened to the two of us. Believe me, there wasn't any love lost. And at least I found out the truth before it cost me half of everything I own.... Then again, all I own right now is a headache. Maybe I should have married her after all. I'd love to split this with her."

Syd gave a half laugh at his humor. He was definitely one of a kind. "What was so special about her that ye who profane marriage so emphatically actually asked her to marry you?"

"She could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch.... Too bad she didn't limit herself to one make or model."

Syd cringed at his crude words. "You pig! You are so offensive."

He let out a long breath. "Yeah. I try hard at it too."

And in that moment, she understood what he was doing. He was trying to keep the wall up between them...and he was doing a good job of it.

"Really, Steele, why did you ask her to marry you?"

He paused as if he were trying to recall the reason himself. "I don't know. It seemed like the thing to do at the time. We'd been going out for a year, and she kept hinting at it. Teresa, my spotter's wife, said that it was time I either made an honest woman of her or let her go."

"So you proposed."

"Yeah. I still don't know why. Not really. She was all right, but the worst part was that after we broke up, I actually felt relieved."

She glanced over at him. "Do you think you asked because you wanted a family?"

Steele didn't speak as her words went through him. Damn, she was astute. Frighteningly so. It wasn't something he liked to talk about, but yes. He'd spent way too many hours watching those corny TV shows as a kid where Dad was there with Mom. His own family had been far too dysfunctional for him.

He'd always wanted that special loving relationship, like some pathetic sitcom. How could a grown man be so stupid as to hold on to such a dream? And yet there was no denying what he felt.

"What about you, Syd? Is there some agent or other hanging around who curls your toes?"

She cast him a feral glare. "No, and there never will be."

"Why not?"

"I don't trust you guys. You're always bragging and strutting around like you own the world. The last thing I want to be is some guy's doormat."

He nodded. "I can respect that." He fell silent as he watched the traffic out the window. "Why does Hollywood fill us so full of shit anyway?"

"What do you mean?"

"You know. The whole one man, one woman for eternity baloney. Here they are, Mr. and Mrs. Brady and their perfect six kids, running around a house with only one bathroom for nine people. No one ever really fighting, and every dilemma in life has a perfect solution that only takes half an hour to reach." He sighed.

"I don't know," she said in a distracted voice, as if she were really thinking about it. "I guess 'cause deep down we all want the fantasy of it. It would be a nice life, wouldn't it?"

One corner of his lips quirked up. "I don't know. You don't strike me as the stay-at-home mom."

She smiled. "Not unless she's undercover and armed to the teeth." She gave him a strange look that made something inside him ache. "Tell me something, Steele."

"What?"

"What is it with you guys that you-" She paused, as if she had caught herself in the middle of a thought. "Never mind."

Even more curious, he sat up in the seat. "Never mind, what?"

"Nothing. It's stupid."

He could tell that she wanted to change the subject, even though he was dying for an answer. Deciding that it wasn't wise to question her further while she was packing heat, he found himself wondering what it would be like to date Syd. She didn't strike him as the kind of woman to dote on a man. No doubt she'd be the kind to kick his ass and make him go get it himself.

"How long has it been since you had a steady boyfriend?"

She shrugged. "I don't know. Define steady."

"Someone who has a key to your place."

She answered without any hesitation. "Never. I don't trust any man with a key to my place. What's mine is mine, and I like to keep it that way."

Hmm...he'd misjudged her there. "Why? You cheat too?"

"No!" she said in an extremely offended tone. "I wouldnever do that to someone. I think Margaret should have had her butt kicked for doing it to you. You don't hurt people that way."

By her indignation, he could tell that she'd experienced that betrayal firsthand herself. "I agree. A pox on all their houses."

Her face softened into that gentleness that had a way of setting him on fire. "I like your take on Shakespeare."

Steele sat quietly as he watched her navigate traffic. She was still looking around, aware of every car in front and behind them. She was so incredibly capable. But more than that, she was beguiling.

Before long, he found himself staring at those lips again. Lips he could still feel against his. And as he watched her, he realized something. "Where are your glasses, Syd?"

"I'm wearing contacts. I was afraid that we might have to do some running around, and it's hard to shoot straight with them slipping down my nose."

He laughed at the thought of that. God, she was beautiful with her black hair down and her sharp green eyes flashing. After their escapade that morning, he should be sated.

He wasn't. If they weren't being chased, he'd ask her to pull over right now and see about the new ache he had.

But he couldn't afford to do that.

And for that he owed the assassin an ass-whipping before he killed him. Not that it really mattered. Knowing Syd, she'd rack him if he even suggested another romp.

Still, he wanted to reach over and touch her. To bury his face against the softness of her neck and just inhale that sweet perfume of hers. There was something about her that just calmed him down. Made him ache and yet at the same time excited him. If he could have one wish, it would be to have one single day with her in his bed.

Yeah, that would be heaven....

They rode for miles in silence as Syd continued her surveillance and Steele tried his best to ignore her presence.

Steele's body continued to ache as he fought against sleep. The last thing he needed was to be sluggish if Syd needed him. But even so, he found himself drifting in and out of consciousness.

"We're getting near Calverton," Syd said, jerking him out of his catnap. "Where are we headed?"

Clearing his throat, he opened his eyes and looked around. There wasn't much but open farmland surrounding them. "I don't know. Pull over at the first Pop-owned hardware store you see, and I'll make an inquiry."

"What?"

"Have faith in me, Syd. Jack isn't the kind of person to trust others. I'm sure he's holed up somewhere out in the middle of nowhere and has barricaded himself in for the duration. He can go without food, but he'll never go without tools. Since he doesn't like big stores, he'll have bonded with whoever owns the smallest hardware in town."

He half expected her to argue more, but for once she didn't. Instead, she followed his orders as she left the highway and then pulled in at a small, independent hardware store.

Steele took a minute to survey the area in case they'd been followed before he got out and headed into the store, with Syd one step behind him.

A tiny bell sounded as they entered the dusty place.

There were two men inside around the age of fifty, standing at the counter and chatting about the weather and what they thought it would do to the crops.

The one behind the counter, who was dressed in overalls and a dark blue shirt, looked up at him. "Can I help you, son?"

"Yeah. I'm looking for Jack Taylor. I know he comes in here from time to time, and I was wondering if you could direct me to his house."

The customer frowned but didn't speak.

The man behind the counter leaned over to grab a plastic Coke bottle that was under the cash register. He spit his tobacco juice into it, then set it back.

He chewed on the tobacco so slowly that Steele could almost swear he saw the man's mind working on whether or not he should say anything. "I don't know you from Adam, son. Why would I tell you<br/>

"Steele?" The man burst out laughing as he slapped one hand down on the counter. "You're not the same Steele who lost his rifle during training, are you?" The older man looked over to the other guy with him and patted him on the chest. "Get this, Gil, the rifle was tied to him on a string, and still the poor sumbitch lost it."

They both laughed.

Steele felt the heat crawl over his face at the reminder of one of his less than stellar moments in the military. "Yeah, that was me, and I didn't lose it. An a**hole cut the string and stole it, then hid it."

"Sure he did."

Steele growled low in his throat as he turned to see Syd with an expression that said she was trying hard not to laugh too.

Personally, he didn't find it funny, since that little prank had gotten him into all kinds of trouble. A sniper who couldn't keep up with his rifle wasn't exactly a bragging right in the Army.

The man sobered. "How do I know it was you?"

"Because only a complete idiot would admit it was him. Not to mention once I found out who did it, I locked his ass in the portable latrine and turned it over with him inside it. Jack took the blame for it, since he figured I was in enough trouble over the rifle incident."

The man narrowed his gaze as if he were trying to decide if he was lying or not. After a brief debate, he reached for the phone and dialed a number.

"Hey, Jack," he said after a brief pause. "I got a man here what claims he knows you. Says he's your Army buddy Steele who had his rifle taken from him."

The man spit out more tobacco juice as he listened. "Ah-huh. Ah-huh. Nah, I don't think so. Hang on." He held the phone out to Steele. "He wants to talk to you."

Steele gratefully took the phone. "Hey, Jack, long time no hear, huh?"

"Boy, can't you ever stay out of trouble?"

He smiled at the sound of the rough, deep voice of the man who'd been the closest thing to a father Steele had ever known. "Apparently not. You always said that if there was an easy way to do something, I'd go out of my way to complicate it."

"True enough. Tell Bob to give you a piece of paper and write down where I am."

Steele asked Bob for a pen and paper, then wrote down the directions to Jack's place. As soon as he was finished, he handed the phone back to Bob and turned toward Syd. "I got it. Let's ride."

Bob hung up the phone.

"Thanks, Bob," he said as he folded the paper in half. "I appreciate your help."

Bob inclined his head as they left the store and headed back toward the BMW.

Syd gave him a snide look as they reached the car. "Did you really lose your gun with a string on it?"

He growled at the reminder of something he'd really rather forget had ever happened. "Not exactly. I was exhausted from training, so I closed my eyes for a combat nap. In retrospect, I knew I should have kept my hands on my weapon, but I was only going to close them for a sec, and the rifle was right beside me. Smithy snuck up on me and cut the cord as a joke, then hid it."

"Smithy?"

"One of the a**holes in my unit. He couldn't stand the fact that I outshot him, so he was always looking for ways to screw with me. He once stole the firing pin from me when I had my rifle disassembled too."

"And yet you let him live?"

"Believe me, it wasn't by choice."

Syd got into the car and started it while Steele joined her. "How far away is Jack's?"

"Not too far."

As she dropped the car into gear, a weird shiver went down her spine. She looked around the lot and didn't see anything that should have alerted her.

"Blue Nissan, eleven o'clock."

She glanced over to the car Steele had identified. "What about it?"

"Look at the driver."

She did. The driver was an older blond man who bore no resemblance to the man she'd seen earlier. "It's not our guy."

"No, but my money says it's a spotter for him. Notice how intent he is on us."

Steele did have a point. "Maybe he's just a local wondering what we're doing here."

"Do you really believe that?"

"No." And she didn't. Steele was right, he was too focused on them. Damn the government satellite system. It was too easy for those with the know-how to tap into the system and use it to find anyone whenever they wanted to. It was a good thing for them to use to find the bad guys, but a bad thing when it was used against them.

Her first inclination was to go confront the driver, but that would be pointless.

Instead, she pulled out her weapon and checked the clip in case the man decided to get frisky.

"Drive, Syd," Steele said as he took her gun from her hand and placed it on the seat. "I doubt he'll follow us. If he is who we think, then he probably put a tracer on the car while we were inside."

Now that thought gave her an ulcer. "You know, I miss the Hollywood legend that assassins work alone. Wouldn't it be nice if that were reality?"

"Yeah. But they seldom do, and the ones today are high-tech and online."

Sighing in irritation, Syd pulled back onto the highway and headed off into what had to be the most remote area of Calverton. As Steele had pointed out, the other car didn't follow them, which meant they were tagged now.

What a fabulous day.

But at least the assassin was giving them a little breather.

Or so she thought until they pulled up onto an unmarked dirt road. She'd just started down it when a large bomb went off to her left.

Eleven

Syd jerked the wheel to the right with a curse to avoid the spraying clods of dirt.

"Easy," Steele said in an oddly calm voice, given what had just happened.

"We're under fire!"

"No. Not really. That's just Jack's welcome mat."

She pulled to a stop to gawk at him. Was he serious? "I beg your pardon?"

He nodded. "It's true. It's just his way of letting people know that they're on his land now, and old rules don't apply. Jack is a bit-"

"Psychotic?"

He laughed. "Eccentric. He has a few issues with authority and government, and, well, people in general."

"Uh-huh. And that causes him to arbitrarily bomb cars for no reason?"

"No. That wasn't a bomb. Believe me, if he'd wanted us harmed, we'd be dead by now. That was a motion-triggered explosive to let him know someone's on his property. I'm sure he has us under surveillance even as we argue. So drive slowly for a few miles until you reach his 1957 red Chevy, which should be parked in the middle of the road."

Was that supposed to make sense to her? "We're not looking for his house?"

"Nope. You're looking for his Chevy."

Sure. Why not? That made about as much sense as everything else that had happened to them thus far. She headed down the unpaved road that was lined with tall wheat growing up on each side of it. A light breeze blew through it, making it wave at them as she tried to see something through it.

She couldn't. The only thing that was clear was the road ahead.

"How well do you know this guy?"

He gave her a wry grin. "About as well as anyone does, which isn't saying much. Jack is unique."

Just what she wanted to hear. That ranked right up there with "he's got a great personality, so go out on the date and have fun." Only difference, this one was trained to kill and seemed to like to play with explosives instead of just being plain ugly.

Oh, joy...

Syd edged the car farther down the dusty unpaved drive. The wheat finally gave way to shrubs in bad need of water. The whole area was desolate and unkempt. Jack definitely wasn't into landscaping or rural development. But then why bother, when he had it rigged to explode? Why waste such valuable time?

It was probably a good four and half miles before she saw the abandoned Chevy. Faded and rusted, it was a vintage icon that had been left untended far too long. Oddly enough, it sat out in the middle of the road with nothing around it.

"Stop here," Steele said.

"You sure?"

"Yeah. That's what Jack said to do."

Still unsure of what would happen next, she parked the car and turned it off. Steele got out first and moved slowly to stand at the front of the Chevy. He motioned for her to join him.

Half-expecting Rod Serling to greet her, she got out and walked over to Steele. As she scanned the area, she realized that there was an ancient, faded wooden cabin that was overgrown with vines.

Surely not even eccentric Jack would live in such a place. Would he?

"Hey, Gator Jack?" Steele called. "We're here."

She noticed that Steele was standing with his hands out, as if to convince this mysterious Jack that he was unarmed. Syd's eyes widened as she heard an odd rumbling sound coming from the ground underneath her feet.

"What the-?" She jumped to the right as the ground started moving.

Three seconds later, the rumble stopped and a section of the grassy ground beside the Chevy went flying. Syd shielded her face as a large trapdoor was flung open and something that looked like a refugee from an old Mad Max movie came out. Dressed in a khaki jumpsuit, the man had on a pair of goggles that caused part of his thin gray hair to stand on end. A white scarf was wrapped around his face, and he was covered in dirt.

He glanced at her, then paused to stare at Steele. He pulled the goggles off to show a pair of bright blue eyes ringed by dirt before he tugged the scarf off his lower face to pool around his neck.

"Hey, slick!" he said with a laugh. "Long time no see."

"Hi, Gator," Steele said, extending his hand out to him. "I heard through the grapevine that you were living out here in the middle of backwoods Virginia. So when exactly did you turn into a mole?"

Laughing, Jack scratched his neck before he pulled a baseball cap out of his back pocket. It made a strange crinkling sound as he pulled it on over his head. "Oh, I don't know, about five or six years ago when I was thinking that what with all the new gadgets them bastards had, they could probably see straight through my walls to see where I was. I just couldn't stand the thoughts of it, know what I mean? It's spooky to think that some pervert in Russia could pull up a satellite link to see me doing business on the toilet. I just couldn't take it, so I figured I'd move underground to have my privacy and dignity."

Syd couldn't resist teasing him. "You know they have sonar now that can allow them to see what's under the soil too."

Jack snorted in disagreement. "Not my soil, they can't. I made sure of it. I got me a number of them gadgets on eBay and dug myself down so far under the soil and reinforced the walls to the point they can't see shit unless I let them, and I ain't gonna let them."

Steele grinned. "And that's why we're here. I've got a hired gun dead on my heels, and I need a place to confront him so that no one else has to pay for my sins. I'm tired of him shooting up hotels and giving<br/>

Jack went stiff and turned a bit gruff. "I don't know nothing about that. I didn't do nothing." It was obvious he wasn't big on thank-yous, but she could tell that he'd done it all right.

There was something incredibly endearing about Jack. He was like an overgrown kid and a crazy uncle<br/>

"God love the hot GPS and Nextel," Jack said. "Your friend is in a car about fourteen miles from here, heading this way."

Steele shook his head. "The guy's not that stupid. Everyone knows about GPS trace on a Nextel."

"Yeah," Jack said in an equally sarcastic tone. "And his boss ain't that trusting. Think about it. You have hired killers out there working for you, are you going to leave them alone or are you going to<br/>

The assassin's helper went limp.

"Jack!" Syd said, placing herself between him and his victim. "What did you do?"

"That bastard shot at my dog!" He moved her out of his way as he went for the dead man.

"Jack! Steele needs attention."

Jack was about to stomp the body when her words finally penetrated his anger. He turned to look at Steele, who was still lying on the ground.

Syd felt her heart sink as she saw the bleeding wound on Steele's arm. She ran toward him and fell down by his side. She felt terrible about his newest injury.

"See what happens when you don't kill them," Steele said, his dark eyes accusing her.

"All right, you win. Next time, kill the bastards."

Those dark eyes of his narrowed accusingly. "You're not funny."

"I know," she said honestly.

Jack helped him to his feet. "We need to get that taken care of." He indicated Steele's wound with a tilt of his head.

Then he looked at the hired killer, who was still lying motionless. By the glint in his eye it was obvious he wanted to kill the assassin too.

Syd sighed. "We need to secure the killer first."

"You take Steele, and I'll handle him."

She gave Jack a suspicious look. "Can you handle him, or will he have an unfortunate accident too?"

Jack grumbled under his breath. "I'll hog-tie him without any more harm. Unless he wakes up and tries to escape. Then what I do to him while trying to reapprehend him isn't my fault."

Syd let out an exasperated breath. But there was nothing she could really do with Jack. He was a man with his own mind. The best she could do was get Steele to safety and hope that Jack didn't play too rough with their captive.

As she looked at Steele and saw the heavy stain of red seeping through his sweatshirt, all thoughts of the assassin fled. "Oh, my God, are you okay?"

"You ever nick yourself while shaving?"

Completely confused by his question, she nodded. "Yeah."

"You know the burn you get that hurts like hell?"

"Yeah."

"This is nothing like that. It's a lot worse."

She rolled her eyes at his misbegotten humor.

"I'm just a little lightheaded," Steele said as he stumbled. "You can help Jack. I can make it back to-"

"No. It sounds like you're one step away from passing out from blood loss."

"I don't pass out."

She had to smile at his bravado. "It's okay not to be Superman, Steele. Here's the thing. I know you're human, and I like you that way."

His face softened as he placed his arm around her shoulders. "Good, 'cause I feel like shit, and all I really want to do is sit down and find some serious pain meds. You still got the bottle the doctor gave you?"

"Yes."

"Then find me a bed and let me sleep."

His voice reminded her of a little boy. And those words more than anything else told her just how badly he was hurt. "Okay. You got it."

She wrapped her arm around his waist and held his hand, which was still draped over her shoulders. It wasn't a lover's embrace, and yet it made her strangely hot. She really did like this man, for all his sarcasm and venom.

And she hated that about herself. Syd prided herself on being above the shortcomings of an "emotional" woman. She could be just as detached and businesslike as any man. Her mother had been a very gentle and sweet woman who had given up a great career in the business world to marry her father and raise them.

It was an unfortunate curse that two people couldn't pursue two high-profile jobs simultaneously and raise a family. Someone had to give, and she didn't want it to be her. She wanted to be the successful professional her mother hadn't been able to be. Not to mention, she had a calling.

She'd sworn on Chad's grave that she would never allow another child to die so needlessly if she could help it.

But Steele made it easy to forget that harder side of herself. Something inside her felt giddy around him. Soft.

And Syd Vicious was anything but soft.

She didn't speak as she helped him back into the mine shaft and led him to Jack's command center. Steele had just sat down on the couch when Cletus came running into the room after them.

The dog launched himself at Steele, who sucked his breath in sharply.

"Easy, old fellow."

The dog licked his chin before bounding off again.

Syd went to her bag, only to remember that in the confusion of leaving the hotel, she'd left his meds after all.

"Uh-oh."

"What?"

She gave him a sheepish look. "I didn't get them. Sorry."

Disappointment flashed across his face, but he quickly recovered. "It's okay."

"Maybe Jack has some." But Syd felt awful as she went back to him and held a makeshift bandage to his savaged arm. She could feel the well-developed muscles flexing under her hand. "You need to hold still."

Steele leaned back on the couch and closed his eyes. She watched him with a foreign tenderness in her breast while he rested.

It amazed her that he trusted her enough to close his eyes and let his vulnerability show. This man didn't trust many people, and she was now one of the small handful that he did.

A smile of satisfaction hovered at the edges of her lips.

At least, until she heard Jack returning. Sobering, she turned her head to see him dragging the unconscious assassin inside. He really had hog-tied the man. Jack shoved him roughly against the wall.

Then, he moved to a small Army locker under the center table.

Frowning, she watched Jack rummage in it a few minutes before he brought what appeared to be an Army ammunition box to her. He flipped it open to show her bandages, alcohol, salve, and medical tape.

"If you root around in there, I have some Tylox too. That should help with the pain."

"Is it safe?"

Jack nodded. "We're about the same size. It was given to me six months ago when I had a tooth pulled. It should ease him some."

"Thanks, Jack," Steele said gratefully.

"No problem." Jack motioned for Syd to get up. "I have a guest room you might want to put him in."

Both of Steele's eyes flew open. "You're a god, Jack."

"I know. Now get your lazy ass up before you bleed on my sofa."

"I'll bleed on you, you old coot." Steele pushed himself up with a grimace.

As soon as Steele was on his feet, Jack led them to what Syd had thought was a wall. He pulled what<br/>

She considered contacting Andre, until she glanced over at the assassin behind her. Given the weirdness of Steele's job interview, it might be better to go this alone. The last thing she wanted was to put Andre in any danger. Granted, he could handle himself, but then so could she.

Her heart stopped as she realized something. "The assassin's phone..." They could trace him right to their door.

She didn't realize that she'd spoken aloud until she heard Jack in her ear. "Relax, cookie. Jack already took care of it."

"How?"

"There's a steel box at your feet. You see it?"

She looked down. "Yes."

"It's plated so that nothing inside it can carry a signal. I stuck both their phones in there while you were tending J.D. Not to mention, you're far enough underground that it's unlikely even without the box that a signal would carry out to a tower. I just don't believe in taking chances."

"You ever think about working for the government again, Jack?"

"Time to time it crosses my mind. Then I go have lunch with friends at Langley, and that instantly kills all thoughts of it. I like my life, such as it is. What about you?"

"I liked it better when I didn't look like Angelina Jolie."

He laughed at that. "Don't feel so bad, Syd. I personally think you're a lot prettier."

In spite of herself, his words warmed her. "You're an old charmer, Jack. You keep talking like that, and you might get into trouble."

"Nah, I've seen the way J.D. looks at you. I've never been the kind of man to trespass on another one's territory."

She scoffed. "The only thing Steele wants is to toss my butt out of his life."

Jack became so silent that for a minute she thought she'd lost their connection.

"Jack?"

"You're an agent, Syd. Don't tell me you're not more observant of people than that."

Now it was her turn to be quiet. "I, uh...I've got work to do."

"And I've got steaks to burn."

She heard a click, as if he'd cut communication with her. Taking the earpiece off, she flipped the monitor off and went to check on Steele. She wasn't sure why she felt the sudden urge to look in on him, but she did.

She found him sound asleep, lying on his side. There was something about him that was sexier than hell, even while he was unconscious. Or maybe it was because when he was unconscious, he wasn't giving her that probing stare or making a smart-ass comment. But she had to admit that she actually liked his bizarre, often irreverent humor.

Then again, she really liked him. Period.

The bad thing was, she didn't even know why. He was so not the type who should attract her, and yet he did.

Shaking her head, she brushed his hair back from his face. Then she trailed her finger over the stubble on his cheek. There was something about a man's face late in the day...the ruggedness of his shadow coming in...

She bit her lip as she remembered the way he'd felt holding her while they stroked each other.

You are dangerous to me, Steele.To her sanity and her convictions.

And still she wanted another taste of him.

"You keep doing that, Westbrook, and I'm going to pull you into this bed with me."

Syd jumped back at the deep, rugged sound of Steele's voice. "I thought you were asleep and drugged."

"I was, but I'd have to be dead not to wake up with a woman groping me." He opened one teasing eye to stare up at her. "Interested in someundercover work?"

She tsked at him. "And to think, I was actually having a tender thought about you. Do yourself a favor, Steele...Become mute."

He laughed, then ended with a hiss of pain.

"You okay?"

"Yeah, but you know it's bad when you're on painkillers and you can still feel the bite when you move."

He was right. "Thank you, Steele."

Scowling, he stopped moving. "For what?"

"Seeing this through."

"It's what I was hired to do, right?"

"Yeah, but still...thanks."

"You're welcome." He reached out and captured her hand. His eyes burning into hers, he lifted it so that he could lay a tender kiss on her knuckles.

The woman inside her melted under that tender assault.

Steele gently pulled her closer to him and the bed. Syd wasn't sure why she went, but she did. And when she was just above him, he lifted up to capture her lips with his.

Syd closed her eyes and savored the taste of him. There for a moment, she allowed herself to wonder what it would be like to be on the inside with this man. What would a relationship with him be like?

Never dull.

She laughed at the thought.

Steele pulled back with a scowl. "What was that?"

She bit her lip as she continued to smile. "I was just thinking that life with you is never boring."

His scowl melted beneath a dazzling smile. "I'd say the same of you, Syd Vicious."

Even though she knew she should step away from him, she traced his bottom lip with her thumb. "Jack is cooking. Are you hungry?"

"I'm sure what I want isn't on the menu." His gaze dropped down to her br**sts.

She knew she should be offended by that, but for once she wasn't. "You are so stereotypical."

"And you're not?"

"No."

He shook his head as he pulled her close again. "Sleep with me tonight, Syd. I want to hold you."

"Why?"

"Because you set me on fire." He pulled her hand down to cup the bulge in his jeans so that she could feel how hard he was for her. "Have mercy on me, Syd."

"And how many people will you tell about it?"

"Not a soul. No one will ever know about it from my lips. I swear it."

He was so tempting....

Syd licked her lips as she debated. "Shouldn't you rest?"

"I'll rest a lot better with your scent on my skin." He kissed her gently. "C'mon, Syd. I promise you, you won't regret it."

She wished she was so confident, but as he gently licked and teased her lips, her resistance fell. Honestly, it would be great to be held again in the late hours.

"One night, Steele."

He pulled back with a stunned look. "What?"

"You heard me."

Joy spread across his face.

"But you need to get some rest now." She gently pushed him back. "I'll be back with food in a little while."

His joy turned to a look of deep, dark suspicion. "You're not just stringing me along, are you?"

"No. Trust me, this isn't something I would ever tease about. You have one night, Steele. One."

Steele couldn't breathe as tried not to show just how thrilled he was. Syd bent down and gave him a quick kiss before she pulled away and headed for the door.

He wanted to follow after her, but he was too dizzy from the medicine. She was right, he needed to rest for a little while and let his body recoup. Because he fully intended to give her a night she wouldn't forget. One that, when it was over, would have her coming back for more and more.

Thirteen

Syd finished up her steak, which was as burnt as Jack had promised. But she ate it without complaint as she watched their "friend," who was still unconscious, on the couch. She didn't know what was in store for them tomorrow. Most likely more of the same-mischief, mayhem, bloodshed. Heck, Steele would probably get shot again, the way his luck was working.

Sighing at the thought, she scooted off the stool. "Where should I-"

"Just leave it on the table there, and I'll take care of it," Jack said as he handed a piece of steak to Cletus, who greedily snatched it from him and chewed it.

Syd took Steele's plate and grabbed a can of soda before she headed back to his room. She veered off to the bathroom to grab a few supplies before she went across the hallway.

She pushed the door open to find Steele asleep. She smiled at the sight of him stretched across the bed-at least, until she saw the blood on the sheets from where he'd started bleeding again. She cringed at the sight. Poor guy. It amazed her that he was able to sustain such injuries and not complain about them. Most of the guys in BAD tended to whine like babies whenever they were hurt.

Moving to the nightstand, she placed the plate and soda there before she sat on the edge of the mattress. "Steele?" she said, shaking him gently.

"Syd?" His voice was deep and ragged, and he whispered her name as if in a dream.

"It's me."

"You got your gun?"

She frowned at his odd question. "Yes."

"Then put me out of my misery."

"Ahhh," she said as she cuddled up behind him. So much for him not complaining, but then she supposed he had every right to. "Poor baby. You've had a really crappy day."

He rolled over to look at her. "Yes, I have. And I hope you're here to make it better."

She smiled as he pouted. Good grief, the man was delectable. It was all she could do not to lean forward and suck that lip between hers for a long, hot kiss.

She brushed her hand against his taut arm as her heart started pounding. "How's the knife wound?"

"I'm relatively sure I'll live, barring infection or a new knife wound to my heart."

She cocked her head as she watched him watch her. "I brought you steak and mashed potatoes." She reached over to it and pulled it across the nightstand until she could pick it up and hand it to him.

Steele pushed himself up with a grimace.

"Here," she said, taking the knife and fork away from him. "You rest your arm, and I'll cut it for you."

She saw the relief on his face. "Thanks."

She cut the steak up, then offered him the fork. He captured her hand with his before he placed a sweet kiss over her knuckles.

"Why do you do that?" she asked.

"Do what?"

"Kiss my hand so much."

His eyes scorched her with heat. "I like the way your skin smells. You use some kind of scented lotion."

"Rose milk."

He nodded. "It makes me want to take a bite out of you."

But instead, he took a bite of the steak and then found out what she had...Jack couldn't cook.

Making a face at the charred taste, he chewed for several minutes before he swallowed.

Syd passed the soda over to him.

"I think I lost a tooth," he said before he took a drink.

She laughed. "He means well."

Steele looked skeptically at the plate before he tasted the potatoes.

"Betty Crocker," she told him with a smile.

"Oh, thank God."

Syd bit back her laughter this time. "Yeah, it's hard to mess those up." She watched him eat for a few minutes as she thought about their crusty host. "So why do you call Jack 'Gator' sometimes?"

Steele took a second to clear his throat before he answered. "When he was in the Army, he once got dropped into a pool of them by mistake. The Army was sure he was completely eaten, but they did a reconnaissance, and when they found him, he was surrounded by the body of ten gators he'd shot while waiting for them to remember where they'd put him. As a lark they started calling him Gator King, which later got shortened to just Gator."

"Ew!" she said, cringing at the thought of finding herself in a pond of gators. Even Jack had to have been terrified of such a thing. But it made her wonder about Steele. "What about you? Did they ever nickname you?"

"Steele pretty much says it all."

Yes, it did. It was extremely apropos.

"But," he said as he continued, "my code name was Azrael."

"Azrael?"

"The angel of death."

And that was probably even more fitting.

"So what about you?" Steele asked before he took another bite of potatoes. "Do you have a spook name?"

"Cobra."

He gave her an arched look. "Any special significance to that?"

"Quick and deadly, and I like to lie low until I have the perfect moment to strike."

He toyed with her hand, stroking her fingers with his. "We have a lot in common."

Funny, now that she thought about it, he was right. They did have a lot in common. Sarcasm, professionalism, and the innate need to protect those around them. Not to mention a few other less desirable traits, such as the tendency to keep everyone else at a distance.

"Did you ever think about doing something other than the military?" she asked.

He braved another bite of the steak. "When I was a kid, I used to think about being a race car driver."

She could see him doing something like that. It was yet another profession that would take a lot of guts, and nerves of...steel. "Why didn't you pursue it?"

He snorted. "Are you kidding? My father was one bad-ass sniper. You didn't argue with a man who was trained to kill. When I told him I wanted to go to college, I thought he was going to snap an aneurism. We compromised only if I agreed to take ROTC and do my service afterward." He shook his head. "Then when my sister tried to sign up, he went wild on her."

"Why?"

"In his mind, women shouldn't be in the military. Her job was to look pretty, get married, and have kids. Not exactly Tina's goals in life."

What a throwback his dad must be. "I'll bet Tina didn't take that well."

"Not at all. Her and my father were really close until she hit puberty and he pretty much stopped talking to her except to correct her behavior. When we were little, I think he forgot the fact that she wasn't a boy. He used to take her hunting and fishing with us, but the minute it became obvious she was female, he started leaving her home for our trips."

Syd cringed in sympathetic pain for his sister. "My dad was always great. He wanted one of us to follow him into finance so badly that he actually bought me an adding machine for my fifth birthday."

Steele laughed. "Did he really?"

"Yes, he did. He was so upset when all of us kids went into different fields."

"Such as?"

Syd felt a wave of love wash through her as she thought about her family. They weren't perfect, but she had to admit that she'd been very lucky to have such a great group of people to share blood with. "My sister owns a small boutique in Boston, and my brother is a high school coach. My dad's still proud of us, but every time we go home, he brings out theFortune magazine and starts trying to get us interested in investing."

"What about your mom?"

"She's great too. She works as his office manager. I think she kind of got lost once we were all grown and out of the house."

He cocked his head as he watched her. "You're afraid of that." It was a statement, not a question.

Syd swallowed at his perceptiveness. "In a way. I mean, don't get me wrong. I love the fact that I had a stay-at-home mom, but I remember the way she was once we were grown. There for a time it was like she couldn't remember what to do with her own life. It was kind of scary. I never want to give my whole self up to other people." Old fears and uncertainties swelled inside her, and she couldn't believe she was confiding this to him. It wasn't something she ever talked about, yet Steele seemed so easy to talk to. "Is that selfish?"

He brushed the hair back from her face. "No, babe. It's not selfish to want to be true to yourself.<br/>

This was different. He wanted to claim her, which was a completely bizarre thought. But he did. He wanted to feel her wrapped around him as he came inside her. Wanted to hear her cries of pleasure in his ear and feel her nails scoring his back.

Syd wrapped her body around his before she rolled over with him in her arms and pinned him to the mattress.

Then she pulled away.

Had she changed her mind? Steele frowned until he saw her reach over to the nightstand and grab a small foiled pouch. It was a condom.

Damn, the woman really was prepared for anything. "Where'd you get that?"

"They were in the bathroom."

He laughed. "Jack, you sly dog."

"Yeah, but you should be lucky that every dog has his day. Otherwise you'd be waiting until we had time to find a drugstore."

He swept a hot glance over her lush, nak*d body that beckoned him in the worst sort of way. "Believe me, I am grateful as all get-out to him."

Steele watched as she opened the condom, then slid it over him. His heart was racing at the thought of having her.

Syd thrilled at the sight of Steele lying on the bed, at her mercy. All that tanned, masculine flesh begged her to taste every inch of him. She toyed with his hard c*ck as he sucked his breath in sharply between his teeth. Smiling at him, she ran her hand down to his sac, where she took her time stroking and teasing him. Unable to stand it, she bent down to gently lick and tease that most sensitive spot.

She felt him tense around her as he groaned. That sound made her even hotter. She didn't know why, but she loved giving this man pleasure.

She pulled back to look at him. "Tell me what you like, Steele."

His eyes were dark and heated as he watched her. "I'd like for you to call me Josh."

Those words shattered something inside her. This man hated intimacy as much as she did. Yet he was giving her a name she knew he didn't allow anyone else to use. In that moment, she felt closer to him than she'd ever felt to anyone.

"What else would you like, Josh?"

"To be inside you, Sydney."

Syd locked gazes with him before she slid herself onto him. The look of ecstasy on his face thrilled her, as did the thick fullness of him finally inside her. She hissed as he drove himself in so deep that it pierced her with pleasure.

Oh yeah, this was what she'd been craving too. She ran her hands over the hard strength of his chest.

Syd leaned forward so that she could take him in even more. Deeper. It'd been so long that she'd almost forgotten just how good a man felt like this, and honestly, she couldn't remember anyone filling her better than Steele did.

Steele pulled her hand to his lips so that he could nibble her sensitive fingertips as he watched her ride him slow and easy. Nothing had ever been sexier to her. She began to move faster against him as she felt her pleasure building. Steele lowered his hand so that he could thrust against her, driving her even closer to the edge.

When she came, she bit her lip to keep from crying out in relief.

Steele cupped her cheek in his hands as he watched the pleasure on her face. The sight of her combined with the spasms of her body around his succeeded in pushing him over the edge too.

He growled deep in his throat as he exploded inside her. Fully spent, he didn't want to leave her. She was beautiful straddling him. He could feel the short, crisp hairs of her body tickling his skin, while her br**sts were still puckered from their play.

Their bodies still joined, Syd leaned forward to cover him. Truly there was nothing better than the sensation of her bare br**sts resting on his chest. All the pain of his injuries was completely forgotten.

But more than that, the pain of his past seemed to be dulled too, and that made no sense whatsoever to him.

Steele held her quietly as he simply enjoyed the sensation of her body covering his. Of her silken limbs entwined around him. It was one of the most peaceful moments of his life. He never wanted to get up and<br/>

Problem was, she wasn't so sure about that. The last thing she wanted was to see him hurt any more.

"What time is it?" she asked.

"Ten past ten," Jack answered.

She let out a slow breath. "We don't have much time."

"No," Steele agreed, "we don't."

Syd looked up at him. "So what's our game plan?"

He looked stunned by her question. "You're actually asking me this time?"

"Yes, but don't tell anyone, okay?"

Steele didn't know what surprised him most, her words or the fact that right after she said them, she walked over to him, leaned close enough to press her cheek to his and whispered, "Thank you, Josh." Chills spread over him, especially since she pressed her lips to his cheek before she withdrew.

And that just made him hard all over again. Damn, what was it with this woman and his hormones? He hadn't been this out of control since his teen years.

And what fond memories those years weren't.

He pushed himself up from the couch and tried not to groan too loudly. "Let me go shower, and we'll talk about it when I get out."

Syd grimaced at the pained way Steele was moving. "Jack?" she said after he'd left them alone. "Is there some other way you can think to get inside APS without using Steele?"

"Why you asking?"

"He needs to rest, and the last thing I want is to see him shot or stabbed again."

Jack scratched his chin as he thought about it. After a few minutes of silence, he shook his head. "As paranoid as those bastards are, no. I can't see any other way in either."

She supposed a miracle was too much to ask. Oh, well, it was worth a try. Hoping for a better day than yesterday, she went to the suitcases, pulled out a change of clothes for Steele, and went to the bedroom where she'd spent the night.

She was laying them on the bed when he entered the bedroom behind her.

Her breath caught in her throat at the sight of him wet and dripping with nothing but a blue towel covering him. The light glistened against the sleekness of his shoulders as he brushed a hand through his wet hair.

His bandages were gone, leaving his red, puckered skin all too obvious. But even so, he was gorgeous.

It was all she could do not to cross the room and rip the towel from him and lick every inch of that divinely masculine body.

"You keep looking at me like that, Syd, and we're not leaving this room today."

Heat crept over her face, especially since she could see proof of his desire.

"Sorry. You should have warned me you were heading in here."

Smiling, he sidled up to her and pulled her into his arms. She could feel his hard c*ck against the center of her body, and it made her ache for him even more. "I like catching you unawares."

She closed her eyes as he nuzzled her neck, and chills went over her. "You have to stop doing this, Steele."

"Josh," he murmured.

"Josh," she repeated, savoring the fact that he let her use it.

He cupped her rump and pressed her h*ps to his so that she could feel the large bulge of him even more. "If I live through today, promise me that I get a taste of you again as a reward."

Syd slid her hands down until she pushed his towel to the floor. She cupped him gently in her hand before she slid her hand to the tip of his c*ck so that she could coat her fingertips in his moisture. Steele hissed in response.

She fingered the wet tip of him before she brought it up to her lips to taste it. "You live through today, and tonight, I'll get a taste of you."

He actually whimpered at that. "You are cruel, Agent Westbrook."

She smiled wickedly. "I know, but it's a great incentive not to get yourself killed today, isn't it?"

"Yes, it is."

She rose up on her tiptoes and gave him a sizzling kiss as she rubbed herself against his erection.

Pulling away from her was the hardest thing Steele had ever done. But unfortunately, they didn't have any more time to waste. They had an all-too-pressing engagement with a lunatic.

M Street was still crowded, but at least this time a car pulled out a few feet from the front door of APS. Syd deftly slid their BMW into it.

She glanced over at Steele with a worried brow. "I still wish you'd wear a wire."

He just gave her a droll stare. "It didn't help us yesterday."

"I know." And she did, but still she hated to send him in alone.

He leaned over and kissed her. "Keep the engine running, just in case." He reached around her back and pulled her gun out. He tucked it in beside her thigh.

She frowned at him. "Paranoid?"

"No, I just want to make sure nothing happens to you."

His concern warmed her. "Don't worry. I can handle myself."

Steele nodded before he got out of the car. He sauntered down the street as if he owned it. In the event he was being watched, he wanted Wallace to know that he had no fear of the cheap-ass punk.

He opened the door to the office and narrowed his eyes on the receptionist. "Hi, Agnes. Buzz Wallace and tell him his three-thirty appointment is here."

She looked a bit surprised to see him, which played into his thoughts about her yesterday. She must know what it was that they really did for a living.

Before she could press the button, Wallace's voice sounded over the intercom. "Buzz him in, Agnes."

Steele looked up at the camera and gave it a mean, shit-eating grin before he headed toward the door. As expected, the bruiser was there again, waiting for him.

"Don't even look at me, a**hole. In the mood I'm in, I'll break your neck in half."

Bruce didn't say anything as he escorted him from the hallway up to Wallace's office.

Just like the day before, the prick sat at his desk with a stony look on his ugly, chubby face. "Still alive?"

"No. I'm a walking corpse. Can't you tell?"

Wallace snorted. "You know, just because you're here proves nothing. For all I know you just ran away from my contractor."

Steele gave him an equally deadpan expression. "You didn't tell me I had to prove anything other than to be here today."

Wallace glared at him as he reached for his phone and picked up the receiver. Steele crossed his arms over his chest as he watched him dial it.

Two seconds later, the cell phone in his pocket vibrated. Steele pulled it out and flipped it open. "Lee Perry can't come to the phone right now, since he's unfortunately suffering from a fatal dose of lead poisoning. If you would like to leave a message for him, I suggest you see a priest or a psychic."

He hung the phone up and tossed it to Wallace, who actually paled. "You satisfied?"

He nodded glumly.

"So do I have a job or not?"

Syd couldn't stand not knowing what was going on. Her nerves were completely racked. She didn't like being out of touch with Andre, and she really hated being out of touch with Steele.

She kept glancing at the clock, then the door, then the clock again. What was going on in there?

Finally, after what seemed like forever but was really only fifteen minutes, Steele headed out of the offices with a grim look on his face.

Syd popped the lock on the car door as he reached it. He jerked it open and got inside. "Well?"

"We're in."

Joy tore through her. "Really?"

"Yeah, but before you get overly excited, don't." He handed her a small Vaio laptop.

Her heart pounded even faster. "Is their information in there?"

He shook his head. "Nothing is in there. It's specially coded so that whenever Wallace has a hit he wants me to make, I either come here to pick up a flash card or he e-mails me the files that only this computer can read. I open the files and get my target."

Syd cursed in frustration. "This leaves us no better off than when we started."

"You? I'm worse off. When this started, I didn't have a bullet and knife wound."

She cringed at his reminder. "I know. I'm sorry." She sighed. They'd been trumped once more by the bad guys. "He's not assigning you anyone to show you the ropes or anything, is he?"

He shook his head. "I've already been initiated. But..."

"But what?"

"I'm thinking that all files are sent from Wallace's office. From his own personal computer."

She understood where he was going. "We can break in after he leaves tonight and steal it."

"No."

Frustrated, she glared at him. "What do you mean no?"

"Asshole has a laptop. It sits on his desk on a stand. I'm sure it goes wherever he goes. He's a particularly OCD sonofabitch."

"Then what do you propose we do?"

A slow grin spread across his face. "We watch him, and when we have our chance, we steal it straight out of his hands."

"I don't know. I think I have an even better idea."

"What?"

She answered him with a wide grin.

Fifteen

Syd and Steele drove around the block and parked in the public lot again. Steele headed out onto the street to keep Wallace's office under surveillance while she contacted Andre.

What Wallace didn't know was that Steele had picked up a couple of toys from Jack before they'd left his bunker. Steele's intent had been to tag Wallace, but the paranoid bastard hadn't allowed him close enough to plant the bug on his body.

Failing that, Steele had placed a small, innocuous mic in the cushion of the chair he'd sat in. Now, with Jack's PDA and its receiver, Steele was able to listen in to what Wallace was doing.

At the moment, though, the prick wasn't saying anything much. At least ten minutes went by before Steele finally heard the intercom buzz.

"You have a phone call on line one, Mr. Wallace. It's from President Kaskamanov."

President?Steele frowned at Agnes's words. She meant the kid, right?

Steele pressed the earpiece in deeper and turned up the volume so as not to miss anything.

He heard Wallace pick up the phone. "Hello, Mr. President. It's good to hear from you. Yes, yes, we have everything arranged. I have my best contractor for your case. Stalin has been briefed and will be standing by to ensure your safety. Yes, sir. Very good. The wire transfer for the balance is to take place within three hours after our services are rendered. Yes, sir. We'll see you in two days. Have a nice flight."

Steele stood there as he listened to Wallace hang up the phone. Then everything was quiet again.

Now that was just sick-the company was telling the president that they were going to protect him while they were secretly taking money from the son to kill him? He had to give them credit. It took balls to give the president the name of the man who had most likely been assigned to kill him.

But at least now they had a name to search out-Stalin, which was most likely an alias. All they needed was to cross-reference it with whatever files Wallace used to keep track of his contract workers, and they'd have their sniper.

Steele turned the volume down as Syd rejoined him, beaming like a cat that had gotten locked in an aviary.

"What?" he asked.

"We don't have to tail him."

He arched a brow at that. "How so?"

"Give Andre twenty minutes."

"And?"

She pulled out a stick of gum and slowly unwrapped it before she put it in her mouth and chewed it like a happy schoolgirl with a crush. "You'll see. C'mon." She indicated a building across the street, with a small cafe on the bottom floor. "Let's go get us a good seat for this." She offered him some gum, but he declined.

"Syd? What's up with this?"

She didn't respond as she headed for the restaurant.

"Syd!"

He had to give her credit, the woman could keep a secret, and it was starting to piss him off. He followed her into the restaurant, where she grabbed a table by the window that looked out onto the APS offices outside.

No matter what he tried, she refused to answer any of his questions about what they were waiting for. It was extremely annoying to be around someone who could remain so tight-lipped.

But his aggravation ended a short time later, when he saw a plain black sedan with government plates pull up. A few seconds later, it was followed by several squad cars and a black van that blocked the street.

Steele choked on his coffee as he saw Carlos and Andre get out of the sedan. Dressed in black suits and dark sunglasses, they reminded him of Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones in the movieMIB. Both of them were also dressed in black FBI windbreakers.

The two of them walked side-by-side in federal agent formation, looking tough as they entered the building while directing the police into action.

He turned the volume up on the PDA to listen in.

It took several minutes before he heard Wallace let loose a string of expletives. "What is this?" he demanded.

It was Carlos who answered in a deadpan voice. "Here's your warrant, Mr. Wallace. It appears that several members of your staff were arrested this morning in a pornography sting." He tsked. "We have traced their IP's and have learned that they were using many of the computers here in this office for illegal purposes."

"Bullshit! Bullshit! Bullshit!" There was no way to miss the belligerent anger in Wallace's tone. "That has nothing to do with me!"

Andre spoke next. "Yes, sir, it does. We're here to pull all the computers from your offices as evidence in our case."

"Your people have been very naughty, Mr. Wallace," Carlos said in a thick Spanish accent. Then his voice leveled out to his normal cadence, which only held a tiny trace of his accent. "We're from the FBI and your computers are being seized even as we speak. Oh, and let us not forget this one here-"

"Don't you dare touch it!"

"We're the FBI, Mr. Wallace," Andre chimed in. "We dare anything. Your staff has been under surveillance for the last six months, and now all of them are busted."

"Eeh!" Carlos snapped. "Step away from the laptop, Mr. Wallace. That is now property of the U.S. government."

"This is bullshit! No one has touched my laptop but me."

Andre tsked. "If it's in this office, they had access to it, which means it comes with us. But don't worry. Here's your receipt. The address is on the back. If there's nothing on it pertaining to our case, you'll be able to pick it up once we're through with it. Otherwise, we'll see you in court."

"I'm calling my attorney."

"You do that, Mr. Wallace," Andre said in a low, lethal tone.

"Don't touch that!"

"We're the government, Mr. Wallace. You can't stop us. Have a nice day, sir."

More expletives followed at such an ear-splitting level that Steele had to pull the earpiece out to keep from losing his hearing. He looked over at Syd, who was still grinning ear to ear.

"You people are sick."

She laughed evilly. "Aren't we, though? You gotta love Carlos and Andre. Now you know what Andre did in the FBI. He's good, isn't he?"

"And what if Wallace calls the FBI?"

"They won't tell him anything. He has a case number on the paperwork and warrant that will route him to Tee in Nashville, who gives the runaround so good that by the time you hang up, you forgot why you called."

She tossed a few dollars on the table for the waitress. "C'mon, it's rendezvous time."

Steele took one last sip of his coffee before he got up and followed her to the car. She drove him over to the Mall in front of the old Smithsonian building, where he saw Andre and Carlos eating a hot dog while sitting on a bench. Carlos had ditched his tie and coat and wore his white shirt with the collar unbuttoned and the hem untucked.

Andre still looked impeccable sans the FBI windbreaker.

They parked the car, then went over to them.

"Hot dog?" Carlos offered as they drew near.

"Computer," Syd said without hesitation.

Carlos took a sip of his soda. "You didn't say please."

"Please, Carlos, let me have the computer."

"Simon didn't say-"

Andre let out a disgusted breath. "Oh, for God's sake, give her the damn computer, boy."

Carlos was completely unruffled. "You need to learn to zen, Andre. Ohm...ohm..."

"I'm going to ohm your ass. Now hand it over."

"Impatient gringos." He reached down between his legs and opened the briefcase between his feet. He pulled out Wallace's laptop. "We also seized the secretary's hard drive and the payroll computer."

Steele shook his head. "You do realize you just stole computers from a man who kills people for a living, right?"

Carlos swallowed a bite of his chili dog. "Let him take a number. Believe me, I have much better men than him wanting me dead."

Syd pushed Carlos over so that she could sit down as she booted up the laptop. After a few seconds, she cursed. "It's password-encrypted."

Steele gave her a droll stare. "You think?"

She glared up at Steele before she handed it off to Andre. "Get us in."

"No problem. Give me a few minutes in the van." Andre crumpled up his hot-dog wrapper, then got up and headed for the black van across the street.

"So when did you get in?" Syd asked Carlos.

He wiped his mouth with a napkin. "Joe sent me in yesterday after Steele was shot. He thought you guys might need a little backup."

Syd smiled, and a weird jealous twinge went through Steele. "Well, we're glad to have you."

Carlos gave her a wicked grin. "And I'd be glad to be had by you, Syd."

Steele had to force himself not to leap at Carlos's throat.

"Careful, Carlos," Syd said. "You'll be limping."

"Ah, don't tease me, Syd. I dream of being so frisky with you that it leaves me limping afterward."

Syd frogged his arm.

"Ow!" Carlos said as he rubbed his biceps, "Anyone ever tell you you hit like a man?"

"Just Hunter."

Carlos slid farther down the bench, away from her.

Syd looked up, and he must have had a grim expression on his face, because she immediately frowned at him. Steele didn't say anything for fear it might end in his choking Carlos.

Or shooting him.

At any rate, he was hoping the man would choke on his chili dog.

After a few minutes, the horn beeped from the van. The three of them headed across the street and climbed into the back.

"Well?" Syd asked.

Andre sighed. "I'm not sure how much we can use. Gotta give the man credit, he is paranoid. Everything is key-coded. No e-mails are kept, but I know his server info, so I've already called Marc, who is doing a scan of outgoing mail for that service. It'll probably take a few hours, or even a couple of days."

Syd shook her head. "We don't have a couple of days, Andre."

"It's the best I can do, Syd."

Syd leaned her head back as she felt completely defeated. She was beyond frustrated and tired. Every time they took a step forward, it seemed like they took ten back.

"We'll get them," Steele assured her.

"How?"

"Have faith."

"No offense," she scoffed, "but I'm all out."

Steele gave her a wickedly charming smile. "Well, that's because you're not thinking right."

Now that offended her. "How so?"

"Pretend for a minute that you are the owner of a ring of assassins and mercenaries. The government just came in and swiped your computer. What would you be doing right now?"

"Freaking out," Carlos said as he moved over toward one of the panels. "You'd be contacting your people like a mother-fucker, trying to warn them."

Steele nodded.

He was right. Syd watched as Carlos started running a trace on Wallace's phones while Steele pulled the PDA out of his pocket and listened.

But as they listened to the telephone calls, Syd's hope quickly dwindled again. Wallace used so much doublespeak and so many vague references that he might as well be speaking ancient Greek.

Time dragged by as they listened to phone call after phone call without much progress.

"Stalin? This is Wallace. Our security data has been a bit compromised."

"This is it, Carlos," Steele said, poking him on the shoulder. "Trace it and record it."

Carlos frowned at him.

"Trust me."

Carlos did as he said. But Syd was with Carlos. What on earth made Steele think that this was the right call?

Steele took his earpiece out as Carlos turned the speaker up inside the van for them to listen to the whole conversation.

"What do you mean, compromised?" The voice was thick and deep, and tinged with a southern drawl. There was some kind of distortion on it, probably to make it sound a few octaves deeper. But with a little cleanup, Andre might be able to decipher it for a voice match.

Syd watched as Steele's face turned to stone.

"Don't panic," Wallace said. "I doubt they can find anything. I'm not that stupid."

"Everyone's that stupid, Wallace. Mission is compromised, breached, and over."

"No! Listen, I don't have time to assign another contractor to the case. Finish it, and I'll give you a twenty-thousand-dollar bonus."

"I don't know-"

"C'mon, Stalin. We need you on this one."

"Fifty thousand."

Steele's eyes narrowed even more.

"Fuck you," Wallace snarled. He paused briefly before he added, "Twenty-five."

"Fifty-five thousand."

Wallace growled low in his throat. "You're supposed to go the other way in negotiations, dickhead."

"Sixty thousand," the distorted voice insisted.

"Fifty."

There was silence.

"You still there?" Wallace asked.

"As I said, fifty, wired to my usual account after I complete the assignment."

"Deal." Wallace hung up.

Syd looked up at Steele. "Now what makes you think that that is the right call? With the exception of<br/>

Andre arched a brow as he saw their joined hands, but he didn't mention it.

The fact that Syd would do something like that when he knew how much she hated the thought of anyone knowing they'd been together warmed him.

"Okay," Syd said as she looked back at Steele. "What do we need to do?"

Steele rubbed his chin as he went into sniper mode. "We need the president's agenda."

Carlos turned around to look at him. "We don't have the route from the airport."

"We don't need it. My father won't hit him in a motorcade. You can't see through the darkened windows to your target. I need to know what he's planning to do while he's here."

"There's a reception to be held day after tomorrow at the embassy, and then there's the meeting with our president and a few other dignitaries the day after that."

Steele's mind whirred. "That's it. The embassy reception. It's big and public, with lots of people to panic and shield him as he gets away. Do you have a layout for the grounds?"

Carlos turned around to pull it up.

"We'll also need the caterer's schedule," Steele said.

All three of them turned to stare at him.

"Why?" Syd asked.

"Because they will know when and where the president will be sitting. They'll know at what point he will enter the room, since they will want to make sure that they don't have any waiters or food there. Best of all, none of their information will be secret. All you have to do is tell them you're with the florist and ask, and they will hand it over."

Andre shook his head. "That's a scary thought."

Syd agreed, but it made sense. "It's always the one thing you overlook that gets you in the end. No one would ever think to look at the catering company as an opening. It's brilliant, Josh."

Carlos handed him a printout of the embassy floor plan, then went to procure the catering schedule.

Steele sat down with the maps so that he could get a good feel for the area. It was a fairly large embassy with a large terrace and good-sized courtyard at the back.

Within a few minutes, Carlos had the additional information. "Dayam. You were right. They didn't even hesitate. We have ten tents that will be set up."

Steele studied the layout carefully. "This is a pain in the ass."

"How so?" Syd asked.

"Too much overhang. You have a balcony, trees...linens and decorations. It's going to be hard to line up a shot."

But there had to be one he could take. There was always some overlooked weakness that could be exploited.

He looked back at the schedule. There wasn't a speech prepared. The president would be led from his office through a narrow corridor, then out to a table in the northermost tent to eat lunch with the bigwigs.

This was tricky, but as he examined it, he realized that one place should give a good vantage point.

"What's right here?" He pointed to the building behind the embassy.

Syd looked over his shoulder. "It's a fancy bed and breakfast."

Steele shook his head. It figured. "That's it, then. He'll be taking the shot from one of those rooms."

Andre immediately grabbed the phone and dialed the bed and breakfast.

Steele took the phone from him. "Hi," he said to the clerk after she answered. "This is Joseph Dzhugashvili, and I have misplaced my confirmation number. I was supposed to check in day after tomorrow..."

Syd was amazed by his calm facade. Damn, the man was a natural at this.

But as she watched him, she realized that he wasn't happy.

"Are you sure? I should be booked. My assistant made the reservation. Could you check to see if it's under the name of either Steele or Stalin? Yes, Steele with ane."

He met her gaze and she could see that it wasn't going down the way he'd hoped.

"Hmm, very well. Thank you for your help." He hung up.

"No reservation?" she asked.

"None."

Andre shrugged. "Maybe he used another name."

"No, he wouldn't have." Steele went back to the layout and studied it again. But the longer he looked at it, the more he was convinced that something was wrong. "The president isn't the target."

Syd rolled her eyes. "Yes, he is."

"No. He's not. He can't be. Not with this itinerary. Someone has their facts wrong."

Now that made her angry. "I don't make those kinds of mistakes."

"And as my father said, we all make those kinds of mistakes, Syd. Trusting intelligence is how Brian ended up with a bullet in his head."

She folded her arms over her chest and narrowed her eyes at him. "Fine. Let's say for one second that you're right, and I'm wrong. Who would the other target be?"

Steele didn't know. His mind was whirring with everything as he tried to sort through this. "Andre? Didn't you say you could pull the conversation I overheard earlier?"

He nodded. "I just need the time the call was made."

"About two hours ago, from Wallace's cell phone."

While Andre moved to work on it, Steele returned to the sheets.

Syd leaned against his back to read over his shoulder. "Are you sure he couldn't have used another name to make the reservation?"

"No," he said in a distracted tone. "I know my father. Believe me, when it comes to stuff like this, he isn't that creative."

Even so, Syd wasn't so sure he wasn't mistaken. She believed in her facts. "What about here?" she said, pointing to the building next door to the B and B. "Couldn't he use that one?"

Steele shook his head as he reached for the caterer's sheet. "There'll be a portable cocktail cart there."

"But they'll be moving it."

"Not when the president is announced. They'll wait until he's seated. You don't take a shot when someone could sneeze the instant you pull the trigger and get their head blown off by mistake. Remember, one shot, one kill."

"Hey," Andre said. "I think I have it.... Is this the conversation?"

Syd looked up as it started playing.

"Hello, Mr. President. It's good to hear from you."

"Greetings, Mr. Wallace. I just wanted to verify that everything is as we discussed earlier with the party. It is to be a grand affair, is it not?"

"Yes, yes, we have everything arranged. I have my best contractor for your case. Stalin has been briefed and will be standing by to ensure your safety."

"And you are sure he understands what his duty is?"

"Yes, sir."

"That is good. You know, in my country, Stalin was a hero. He was a god. He did what was necessary to protect his people, no? Let us hope that this man lives up to his name. I have been assured that the amount we have agreed upon will be wired into the account after the event. I sent the second deposit in this morning, as you requested."

"Very good," Wallace said. "The wire transfer for the balance is to take place within three hours after our services are rendered."

"Excellent. I have to say that you have indeed lived up to your company's reputation. I now know why you have been so highly recommended to me. It is sad that in this world such things are needed. That we must hire people such as Stalin to protect us. I wish that one day the world would be a peaceful place for all. Don't you agree?"

"Yes, sir. We'll see you in two days. Have a nice flight."

Steele snorted. "Sounds innocuous enough, doesn't it? God, I hate this business."

Syd rolled her eyes at him.

"Andre," he said, raising his voice. "Play the Stalin part again."

Syd listened carefully. "Why would he be hiring APS to protect him when his son has hired them to kill him?"

Steele went ramrod stiff. "Do you have any calls from the son to APS?"

"Yes."

"Syd," he said slowly. "Think about this. Are you sure you have data coming from the son to APS? Or were you just told that he had contacted them, and you have data showing a call from their capitol to the APS offices?"

Suddenly, she wasn't so sure. "What are you thinking?"

"There's no shot for the president at this event. And you guys know the doublespeak. Listen to that call again."

Once more Andre piped it through.

Syd listened carefully once more. "Okay, I know it's them playing nice, nice, but what are you hearing that I don't?"

Steele's expression was hard and cold. "What I'm hearing isn't the son hiring APS to kill his father. What I hear is the father hiring them to kill his son."

Seventeen

Syd shook her head at Steele's words. No...surely not. "It's not possible. What kind of father would ruthlessly set his own son up to be executed on foreign soil?"

He snorted. "Stalin. Remember? His son was captured and held during World War II. The Germans tried to exchange him, and Stalin refused. He sacrificed his son for the greater good of his people and was thought to be a hero." He glanced to Andre. "Play that last bit one more time for the lady."

She listened as the president spoke....

"Excellent. I have to say that you have indeed lived up to your company's reputation. I now know why you have been so highly recommended. It is sad that in this world such things are needed. That we must hire people such as Stalin to protect us. I wish that one day the world would be a peaceful place for all. Don't you agree?"

She cursed under her breath. Steele was right, and she had missed it. Man, the president was cold-blooded. But then, in the world of politics, she had seen far harsher things than this, so why it surprised her, she didn't know.

"Where would they shoot for the son?" she asked Steele.

"I don't know. His schedule isn't here for the caterers."

Carlos scratched his chin. "We know the son smokes, right?"

Syd nodded.

"Where would he go for a cigarette?" Carlos and Steele said simultaneously.

Steel grabbed the layout again. "You would head out a side door, away from the party, so that Daddy wouldn't get mad at you."

"But there are multiple doors," Syd said, looking over his shoulder. "How do you know which one?"

"We guess."

Suddenly, she didn't like his humor anymore. "I was being serious."

"So am I. He could head out of any of them. The only way I know to stop it is to follow him and keep him from leaving the building or nearing a window."

"You know," Andre said, "he's probably right. I doubt Steele's father would shoot him." His gaze went meaningfully to Steele, who laughed.

"You don't know my father. Trust me, he wouldn't hesitate to put a bullet in my head if I got in his way."

Syd would like to think he was kidding, but the tone of his voice said he meant every word of it. She reached out and lightly stroked his arm. "I'll go in and follow the son."

Steele shook his head. "You hired me to do this. At the end of the day, I'm a Steele, and we see our missions through."

She had to admire him for that. She wasn't sure how she would be feeling right now if she knew she<br/>

Reluctantly, he pulled back from her kiss and pressed his forehead to hers. "You know Andre and Carlos can see us, right?"

She smiled a smile that hit him like a fist in his gut. "Let them."

He returned her smile before he pulled her even closer and kissed her again. Honestly, he'd never been the kind of man to be public with a kiss, but at the moment, he didn't care. All that seemed to matter was Syd.

But unfortunately, they had way too much to do to neck like two horny kids in the mall. Hissing in regret, he forced himself to leave that tempting mouth.

"We've got a party to attend, young miss."

"I know," she said before she gave him one last quick, scorching kiss. She sighed as she stepped away. "What will you need?"

"Nothing but a suit."

She nodded. "I can pick up a dress and shoes. It shouldn't take too long, and then..." She dropped her gaze meaningfully to the bulge in his pants.

Steele felt his c*ck jerk as a rush of excitement went through him. "Don't tease me, Syd."

She bit her bottom lip playfully. "Haven't you learned yet that I don't tease?"

God, he was beginning to seriously adore this woman. "How long does it take a woman to buy a dress, anyway?"

She laughed evilly as she started back toward their car.

Steele learned a few things that afternoon. The first was that women took an excruciatingly long time to find clothes and shoes.

The second was the fact that Syd thought her ass was the size of a movie screen, but honestly, he loved the extra weight on her. He thought her lush curves were sexy as hell, and every time she turned around to give him her back and stick her butt out to ask if the dress made her fat, he thought he'd die from the pain of his erection.

The third was to always say she looked edible, no matter what she tried on, and she'd reward him with a kiss, then fuss at him for lying.

And the fourth was the most important of all...

"Josh?" Syd called in a loud whisper as she edged the dressing room door open an inch. "I need help."

He pushed himself away from the rack to move closer to her. "What?"

"The zipper's broken. I think. I can't get the dress off."

Those words almost made him drool. "Okay. Turn around, and I'll unzip it."

She glared at him. "Not out here in public. I don't have a bra on under this, and I don't want anyone to see me." She stepped back into the room.

The no-bra comment put an image in his head that was absolutely cruel, to his way of thinking.

Steele looked around to make sure there weren't any other women in the area before he stepped inside and shut the door. The room was a lot nicer than most of the men's dressing rooms he'd been in. It had a nice padded chair and two mirrors that reflected the two of them.

Syd turned around to give him her back. Steele paused at the sight of her standing in front of him. He had a perfect view of her backside as he took the small zipper in his hands and wrestled with it.

At first it was a stubborn bugger, but he finally got the cloth out from under it. He yanked the zipper down, baring the whole of Syd's back.

That was a mistake.

The minute he saw the pale skin, all he could think about was tasting it.

Syd couldn't breathe as she saw the fire in Steele's gaze. Every hormone in her body fired. All she could do was watch as he gently ran his hand from the small of her back, up to her shoulder. Chills erupted in the wake of his hot touch.

His gaze met hers in the mirror before he pushed the dress off her shoulders and bared her to his hungry stare. It was so strangely erotic to stand nak*d in front of him with her n**ples puckered, her br**sts heavy.

He pulled her against him before he slid the dress over her hips. It fell to her feet with a rush as her body throbbed with sudden need. There was something about Steele that always made her hot.

Steele dipped his head down to bury his firm lips against her neck. Syd leaned back with a hiss as his arms came around her to cup her br**sts and tease them until she was weak with hunger. She sank her hand in his thick hair while those large, dark hands soothed and teased her.

She'd never done anything like this before, and for some reason she couldn't fathom, she didn't want to stop. She liked being naughty with him. His lips burned her flesh as he kissed his way up and down her neck. He breathed into her ear a second before he ran his tongue over the sensitive flesh there.

She was completely done for, and she knew it. Her body was too revved up to stop him now. All she<br/>

Steele decided to be a little bolder with the conversation. "Well, you know how fathers can be. They want their sons to walk in their footsteps."

"And I have tried repeatedly. But some things, I just can't agree on."

"Such as?"

"His weapons policies. I am hoping that your president will help him understand why it is our country needs to disarm the old Soviet weapons. They are nothing but a magnet to other countries who wish to steal them or buy them so that they can use them against their neighbors. The last thing I want to see is a nuclear bomb detonated in my backyard or anyone else's. I don't know about you, but bullies sicken me."

Steele nodded as he realized just how wrong Syd's information was. This kid had been set up, and the poor bastard didn't even realize it.

This wasn't a man who wanted to sell nukes. This was a man who had his head on straight.

He sighed heavily before he extended his hand out to Steele. "I am Viktor, by the way."

Steele shook his proffered hand. "J.D."

"Nice to meet you, Jaydee. Come. The bathroom is over here." Steele followed him into the room as he kept watch for anything odd...like his father kicking in the door to gun them down. Or something a little more subtle, such as his father entering the room and knifing Viktor in the ribs.

But nothing was setting off his alarms.

They went about their business and didn't speak again until they were leaving the room.

Viktor hesitated in the doorway as he made a little noise of excitement. "Is that the actress who is Lara Croft? You know, Angelina Jolie?"

Steele watched as Syd chatted with a group of women while her gaze casually but thoroughly kept tabs on the other people in the room.

"No. That's my woman," he said, grateful Syd couldn't hear him. No doubt it would piss her off. But honestly, he would love nothing more than to be able to really lay claim to her.

"You're a lucky man, Jaydee," Viktor said before he excused himself and headed off for a small group in the center of the room.

Yes, I am.In more ways than one.

Syd sidled up to him and returned his drink to him. "Learn anything?"

"The kid doesn't want to sell the weapons."

Syd actually choked on her wine. "What?"

"You heard me. I'm beginning to seriously doubt your intelligence, Syd."

"Thank you," she snapped in an angry tone.

Steele cringed as he realized what had just leapt out of his mouth. "I meant your reports, not your brains."

"Uh-huh. Sure you did." But he could hear the amusement in her tone.

She moved to the other side of him. "Any sign of your father?" she asked behind her wineglass before she took a sip.

"Nada."And that concerned him. Where could the old man be? There wasn't really any place for him to set up the shot, which meant he'd have to be in the building somewhere.

But where?

Steele had started to turn around when someone bumped into his injured arm and sent the wine sloshing<br/>

Steele exchanged a stunned look with Syd. Were no one's hands clean in this?

"That must have been what Yuri was trying to tell us," Syd breathed, "when he got killed. Damn it!"

Before he could comment, the back door to the van swung open. Syd turned to see Carlos climbing in. He paused as he saw Tina in handcuffs. "Is she our man?"

Steele nodded. "How's Viktor?"

"They don't know yet. But he stands a good chance of surviving, since they can test the vial and see what ails him."

Steele wanted to weep at what his sister had done. And he was angry at her for putting him in this position. How could he live with himself if he put her in jail, when the very mission that would condemn her was the one that had set him free? "Damn you, Tina."

She looked away from him.

"You know her?" Carlos asked.

"She's my baby sister."

Carlos snorted at that. "Hell of a family you got there, Steele. And I thought mine was bad. Anyone in your family not a killer?"

Steele felt his jaw out of joint, but he couldn't blame Carlos for asking. "I don't know. After this, I'm beginning to wonder if I don't have a serial mom."

Tina curled her lip at him. "I wish. She should have beaten you to death with a turkey leg."

Syd had had enough. "Carlos, watch Blondie. I'm taking Steele outside to cool down."

"Gotcha."

Syd literally had to shove Steele out of the van. He paced around outside it like a caged lion. She truly felt for the man and the pain he must be feeling. "Look on the bright side. At least it wasn't your father."

"That's not a bright side, Syd," he said sullenly. "I'd much rather have faced my dad than turn my sister over to the authorities." The torment in his eyes made her ache for him. "You have no idea how horrifying prison is. What it does to you. How can I do that to her?" He raked a tormented hand through his hair. "I'm her brother, Syd. My job is to protect her."

"And you have always done your job, Josh. With dignity and honor."

Funny, he didn't feel that way right now. All he could think of was what this would do to his poor mother. It would kill her.

"I want to know who her targets were."

Syd nodded. "We can find out."

Maybe he could find some solace if Tina wasn't lying to him about who they'd assigned to her.

Syd pulled him into her arms and held him. "It'll be all right."

"How, Syd?"

Syd paused at his question. Odd how a few days ago she hadn't believed in people, or in miracles. But Steele had taught her a few things.

Most of all, he'd taught her to believe in him.

"How, I don't know, Josh. But I have faith."

Steele closed his eyes as he let Syd's embrace ease the fury and pain inside him. It was strange how such a simple act could make him feel better.

He would do what was right by his sister.

But most of all, he intended to do what was right by Syd.

Epilogue

Six months later

Steele sighed as he rolled over with a very nak*d and well-sated Syd in his arms. His body was sore from their marathon, but he loved the feeling of it almost as much as he loved the woman draped over him.

Joe wasn't happy about the fact that the two of them were living together, but he didn't give a damn what Joe thought.

All that mattered was having beautiful days like this, where he got to wake up to Syd's sweet face.

And better yet, her hot body.

She pressed her cheek to his chest as she traced idle circles over and around his nipple. "That was a nice wake-up call," she said with a laugh.

"Yep. Hard to be irritated on a Monday after that."

She laughed at him before she placed a kiss on his chest, then pushed herself away.

Steele actually whimpered. "Where are you going?"

"Terrorism waits for no one, Josh. We have work to do."

He made a face at her. "Work, work, work. It's all you think about."

She raked a heated look over his body. "Of all people, you know better than that."

Yes, he did.

Thrilled at how much he knew the truth, he followed her into the shower.

Syd didn't speak much as she bathed Steele. They had fallen into an easy relationship that still amazed her. She wasn't a doormat with him. They were partners. Never in her life had she expected to find someone like him...and definitely not where she'd found him.

Who knew men like him could be real?

No sooner had they left the shower than she heard a knock on the door. Out of habit, she grabbed her gun and tucked it in the back of her pants before she answered it.

No one was there.

Irritated, Syd shut the door and started away from it. She'd only taken four steps when the knock came again.

She pulled the door open to find a small bouquet of roses on the porch. "What on earth?"

She looked around the yard, but saw no one. Frowning, she bent down to pick up the roses.

There was no card.

Weird. She closed the door and started away again. And yet again, she'd only gone a few steps when the knocking sounded.

Totally agitated by it now, she snatched the door open to find a small box right where the flowers had been. As she bent over to pick it up, she sensed Steele coming up behind her.

"What'cha got there?" he asked.

She shrugged. As she stared at the box, she realized it looked like a box of chocolates that had already been opened. "I don't know. Maybe I should call a bomb squad or something."

"Hmmm..." Steele stepped past her and reached for the lid.

Before she could stop him, he pulled it open.

Syd's heart stopped as she saw a beautiful solitaire diamond ring resting in the center of the chocolates.

"It's definitely for you."

Tears welled in her eyes as she stared at it.

Steele pulled the ring out before he knelt down on the porch in front of her. "Sydney-"

"Yes! I will!" she screamed as she launched herself at him.

He laughed. "I didn't ask the question."

She felt heat creep over her face. "I'm sorry."

He cleared his throat as he took her hand into his and stared up at her with those beautiful dark eyes. "I love you, Sydney, and I don't want to live the rest of my life without you in it. Will you marry me?"

"Hell, yes!"

He laughed as he slid the ring on her finger, then kissed it.

She bent to kiss him when the knocking started again...only this time it was from the back door. Cursing in frustration, she marched over to it and ripped the door open to find Tina standing outside in the backyard.

"Did you accept?"

She held her hand up to show her soon to be sister-in-law. Now she'd just have to think of some way to break it to Steele's father and mother, who were still a little cool toward the two of them.

Neither of his parents really believed that his case had been overturned in the courts. But they were so grateful to have their son listed as an honorable discharge that they didn't question it...much.

Tina did a two-thumbs-up before she opened the door wider. "Good, 'cause now you're both late to work.Huch, huch. Time's a-wasting, and Joe's going to be mad enough at you two as it is."

Syd laughed at Tina's reference to Joe's memo about agents not fraternizing. "That's okay. If he says anything, I know where we can get some good strychnine."

Tina grimaced at the reminder. But she couldn't really be angry. As Steele had asked, they had looked into her prior contracts and learned that Tina really had chosen her targets with care. She hadn't gone after anyone BAD wouldn't have targeted.

God love the woman, she was a compatriot. That alone was what had made Joe offer her a job.

Syd held her hand up to stare at the beautiful diamond that sparkled on her finger.

"What are you thinking, Syd?" Steele asked as he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her back against him.

"How much I love you."

He kissed her gently on the cheek. "Good. 'Cause however much you think it is, it's nothing compared to what I feel for you. And if you want, you don't have to wear the ring at the office. I know how much you hate that." He started to pull it off her hand.

Syd balled her hand into a fist, trapping his fingers between hers. "You take that ring off, and you'll be limping, Josh Steele. There's nothing about you or us that I would ever want to hide. In fact, I want the world to know exactly how much you mean to me."

Because in the end, she knew he would never hurt her. And that meant more to her than anything else.

