One glimpse of Chase Delany in leather pants, a tight T-shirt, and shit-kicker boots was all it took to get my libido raging, and to drive away any lingering doubts about coming to New York.

Well, the doubts were still there, they were just pushed down under a torrent of lust.

He stood waiting for me, thick arms crossed over his broad chest, dark hair messy and sort-of-but-not-quite spiked, brown eyes blazing. He looked like he could, and would, drag me to the nearest bathroom and f**k me in a toilet stall. How do you resist that kind of nak*d lust?

You don't.

He pulled me into a hug, palms circling on my back, drifting lower and lower, and then he grabbed my ass in full view of everyone in the airport. I opened my mouth to protest, and then he kissed me, hard enough to take my breath away and make me forget what I was saying.

I'd almost forgotten how he could do that.

"Come on, hot stuff," he said, "I've got a cab waiting."

He pulled me into a fast walk, and I forgot to ream him out for groping me in public. Besides, I asked myself, how much do I really mind? Not so much, came the answer. He was claiming me. I didn't mind being claimed. And oh boy, the promise of the things he would do with his hands, when we were in private, had my blood racing.

"How was the flight?" he asked.

"Fine. Nothing eventful. How's things with the band coming?"

"Great! We're in the studio right now, recording our first LP. Once that's in post, we're going on tour, just local stuff at first, New York, Buffalo, Atlantic City, DC. We'll be opening for some big name bands though, so it'll be great exposure." He squeezed my hand, his excitement palpable, radiating off him in waves. "Have you ever been to a recording studio? I'll bring you with me. You'll love it. It's so fun."

He chattered all the way through baggage claim and out to the taxi line. The taxi ride into the city was full of more Chase-chatter with barely a pause for breath. He didn't ask me much of anything about how I'd been since I'd seen him last.

His hand crept up my leg as we sat in the back of the taxi, and slowly crawled up to the hem of my skirt. I let his chatter wash over me and focused on wondering how far his hand would venture, and how far I'd let it. The cabbie's eyes flicked back to us every once in a while, and I wondered how much he could see through the rearview mirror. I tried to think about being in a car, driving, looking in the mirror into the backseat.

You can't see much, can you?

I smirked, and decided to let Chase explore as far as he wanted, just as a dare. I let my legs loosen a little, and Chase's fingers made their first exploratory move under the hem. It wasn't much of a skirt, really. Short enough to need my legs crossed when sitting in view of others.

Chase was going on about isolating the instruments and layering them in post-production, and how his bassist had trouble playing his part without the rest of the band. I nodded, made agreeable noises at the appropriate places, and slid my bottom down a bit farther.

His fingers were tickling my inner thighs, working upwards. Another shift of my legs, and his forefinger was brushing my p**sy through the thin silk of my panties. I bit my tongue and forced myself to keep still. He glanced at me and grinned, a cat's-caught-the-canary smile. Then his middle finger worked its way underneath the band next to my leg to slip into my folds, which grew wetter the farther he got.

He never slowed his patter as he found my cl*t with one finger, and now he circled it, slow and soft. I swallowed hard and tried not to gasp when the cli**x began almost immediately. God, was I ready. It was as much anticipation as anything. The memory of what Chase could do, and would do.

A soft sigh escaped me, and the cabbie glanced back, a smile crinkling the corners of his eyes. He knows, I thought. But I didn't care. I was close, raging and ready. He never increased his pace, just kept a slow and steady stroking rhythm, even when the cabbie struck up a conversation about...I don't even know what. Something inane. My thoughts were a jumbled mess, scattered and lost in the blaze of a rising cli**x that wouldn't pass the edge.

I put my hand over his and pushed, wanting him to go faster, harder, but he only let a corner of his mouth tip up in a mocking smirk.

The bastard is playing with me, I realized.

By the time the cabbie let us out at Chase's address, a modest walk-up shared with the rest of the band, I was a quivering, knock-kneed wreck. Chase grabbed my single suitcase from the trunk, paid the driver, and led me in. He gave me a tour, a long, detailed tour. He introduced me to his friends/bandmates/roommates, and made sure they engaged me in witty banter. Witty f**king banter, when I was a few good touches away from coming, and hard.

I was on the edge still, every step brushing my thighs together and making my nub ache harder. It didn't help that Chase took every opportunity during the tour and the conversation to touch me in some surreptitious way, just enough to keep my desire alive and burning.

I was snarling with unfulfilled sexual need and irritation by the time Chase showed me to his room and closed the door behind him, twisting the lock with a flourish. He held my bag in one hand, the other in his pocket, a shit-eating grin on his face. I was flushed, my hair sticking to my temples, my legs shaking like leaves.

"Miss me?" Chase asked. Cocky bastard.

I attacked him. I mean, I just about flying tackled him. He dropped the suitcase with a loud thud and caught me against his chest, our tongues clashing and colliding, hands ripping zippers open and peeling clothes off.

Chase pushed me away, chest heaving, and pulled my shirt over my head, going slowly now, and then pushed my skirt down past my hips. He was hard, his erection bulging against his pants, and I reached for him, but he moved out of reach.

"My turn first," he said, unhooking my bra. "I've missed you. I need to see you."

I wasn't sure if that was a self-centered thing, or a compliment. It didn't matter. He had me nak*d in front of him, and he was running his hands over my body as if it were the most precious thing he'd ever seen, and simply couldn't get enough.

I was wet and trembling, aching. I wanted him to push me down onto the bed and slip inside me, take me hard, or slow, or anything.

"Take me, Chase," I breathed. "Take me, please."

"Are you begging me?" Chase asked, rolling a nipple gently between a thumb and forefinger.

I arched my back, thrusting my breast into his hand, writhed my h*ps into his thigh.

"Yes." I wasn't above begging. "Please, Chase. I want you."

Chase stepped back, taking his hands off me. "Say it, baby. Beg me."

He wanted me to play the game. Well, I could play too. He was hard, and I knew he wanted me. His eyes betrayed him. The twitching curl of his fingers betrayed him.

I moved toward him, putting an extravagant sway to my hips. I slipped my hands underneath his shirt to his n**ples and pinched, hard. He grimaced and tried to escape, but I followed him. I bit his earlobe, breathing into his ear, and dug a single finger under the waistband of his leather pants, brushing the tip of his cock. His stomach jerked inward, and his hands flew to my waist, then down and cupped my ass, pulled me against him. I circled around behind him, kissing his neck, his jaw, and his ear again.

"Beg you?" I whispered. "How about you beg me?"

Chase squared his shoulders and set his jaw. "I don't think so."

I laughed, and reached around his waist to unbutton his pants. His hands groped behind to reach for me, but all he could reach at this angle were my hips. I let him touch me. My h*ps ground into his ass, and I tugged his pants down, just enough to free the tip of his cock.

"I'm so wet, Chase," I whispered, rubbing the pad of my thumb on the drop of pre-come oozing from him. "I'm wet for you. I'm aching. I want you inside me. I want you to f**k me, Chase."

He tried to turn around, but I danced to follow his motion, and he went still. "It's not nice to tease a girl. Don't you know that?" I said. Chase groaned.

I dipped my hand into his boxer-briefs to take his full length in one hand. He rolled his hips, but I let go, scraping the tip with a fingernail in slow, gentle circles.

"How about you beg me," I whispered. "You know I want you. I could drop to my knees and suck you off, right now. All you have to do is beg."

Chase sucked in his breath between his teeth, but otherwise kept silent and still. I pushed his pants down a bit farther, past his hips. My teeth at his earlobe again, I took his balls in one hand and his c*ck in the other, stroking and massaging. Chase refused to move, even when I began pumping him. A change in tactics was required, then. I pulled his shirt off with one hand, still sliding my fist up and down his length. He couldn't stop his breathing from changing, though, and I knew he was nearing the end of his control.

Next came the pants, which were more of a struggle with one hand, but I did it, along with some judicious use of my feet. He was nak*d too, then, and my hands were doing their slow work on his cock, his breathing growing ragged, his h*ps beginning to tremble despite his attempts at control. At last, a moan escaped his lips, and that was my cue.

I let go of his shaft and massaged his sack, pressing a finger in a gentle circle to his taint. He groaned, growled, and thrust his hips, close, so close, but unable to come without me. He grabbed for my hands, but I resisted his attempts to guide me back to him.

"Anna," he said, his voice ragged. "Goddamn it."

I moved in front of him, pressed my body against his, slid my p**sy against him, ground into him, slipped my hands over his body, kissed him everywhere.

Time for the real teasing.

I dropped to my knees, kissing his torso on the way down, took him in my hands again, caressed his c*ck in a hand-over-hand motion. He threw his head back, anticipating.

Anticipate away, baby, I thought. Not gonna happen how you think it is.

I even went so far as to wrap my lips around his head and suck until my cheeks hollowed. He was close, I could feel him tensing, about to come, and I spat him out again, glancing up at him, a wicked smile on my face.

"Oh, I'm sorry, were you about to come?" I said, trying to sound innocent.

Chase growled at me and tangled his fingers in my hair, but didn't apply any pressure.

"Not gonna work," he growled.

I lifted an eyebrow in a 'we'll see' gesture. I took him in my mouth again, stroking him with my hands now as I bobbed on him, put a finger to his taint again and massaged, faster now, hands sliding up and down, lips sealed around his head, and his knees began to move....

This time his growl of frustration was loud and irritated.

I crawled onto the bed, lay on my back and spread my knees wide. Chase's eyes followed me, hungry and predatory. I slid my hands on my skin, rubbing up from my belly to take my br**sts in my hands, thumbing the n**ples, hefting the heavy mounds, then down between my legs. Slow, then. A single finger tracing the crease between my labia, dipping in to swipe the slick juices.

"Look how wet I am," I said, showing my glistening finger. "You want me?"

Chase crawled up on the bed, eyes burning. I slapped my knees closed and covered my br**sts with my arms, as if suddenly demure.

"Tell me you want me," I said.

Chase rocked back on his knees, brow furrowed in irritation. "You know I do."

"Say it."

"I want you."

I shook my head. "Tell me what you want to do to me."

"I want to tie you up and f**k you until you can't walk."

I widened my eyes as if shocked. Chase grinned and scooted off the bed, rummaged in a dresser drawer and pulled out four neckties. He held them up, two in each hand.

I spread my hands and feet wide, waiting for him. This time, he tied my hands and feet both, and I felt a rush of true nerves, then. With my feet free, I wasn't as vulnerable. I was completely at his mercy.

I was spread-eagle before him, and now he climbed up on the bed between my legs, ran his hands up from my knees to my thighs, dragged a thumb down my p**sy, not entering, but teasing.

He could tease me as long as he wanted, touch me until I was near to orgasm and then stop. For hours, if he wanted. I refused to let fear show on my face. I squeezed my eyes shut and pretended indifference as he teased my entrance with a finger.

A single push inside, one finger. I gasped, bucked my hips. I kept my eyes closed, enjoying the sensation without sight. Two fingers, then, curling up to caress my G-spot, and now I whimpered. Two fingers and a tongue, stroking my walls and licking my clit, and I jerked my hands against the bonds holding me in place.

Climax rising, rising, fire burning, and Chase kept going, bringing me to the edge.

"Don't stop, please, please don't stop," I said.

He didn't stop. He flicked and stroked and licked me over the precipice, and I moaned, refusing to scream. He didn't stop, though. I was hypersensitive, every touch like fire on my skin, and I wanted him to stop, to give me a minute, but he didn't. This was a new torture. He withdrew his fingers and used his tongue alone, moving in circles and squares, side to side and up and down, and now...holy shit, another orgasm blossomed through me and I bit off a shriek of ecstasy, pleasure so potent it was like pain.

His weight descended on me, and now I felt a new pressure probing my entrance, his cock, now, finally. But he didn't enter me. Oh, how I wanted to beg him, but refused. He pushed the very tip inside, gripped himself in his hand and moved his c*ck in circles inside me, brushing my clit, and now it was there, his moist tip against my throbbing nub. He thrust, ever so slightly, sex in miniature. I sucked in a ragged breath at the flush of lightning bursting through me.

And then he pulled away, probably about to come himself. His lips found my breast, and his fingers the other, and now I entered a new realm of heaven as he licked and laved and tongued and pinched me.

There was no warning. He thrust inside me in one push, driving to the hilt, hard. My eyes flew open and I breathed a whimper, straining against the ties. His mouth remained on my nipple, and he didn't thrust again, just stayed there, buried to the root, our h*ps grinding together. I tried to move into him, but he held my h*ps down with one hand.

He was inside me, and another cli**x was building. I wanted him to move, needed him to thrust.

"Please..." I couldn't help myself.

He didn't move. He grazed his teeth on my stiffened nipple, then moved to the other. His hand held me down, kept me from rolling my hips.

"Damn it, Chase, please!"

I was past games. I'd come twice without him inside me, and it just wasn't the same. I wanted him deep, wanted to feel his length sliding inside me.

"Please what?"

"Enough teasing. Just f**k me."

"Hard, or soft?" He accompanied his question with a slow pull out and a hard thrust in.

"God, yes, just like that. Both. Either. I don't care!"

He moved again like he had before, a torturously slow withdrawal, until only the very tip was left inside me, and he hesitated there, stopping the flutter of my h*ps with his powerful hand, and then he crashed back into me. I gasped when he plunged in. He did it again, and again, slow out, fast in.

Then he switched, pulling out quickly and driving in as slow as he could. More teasing. I wanted rhythm, I wanted him to move and move and move, hard and fast or slow and soft, I didn't care, but I couldn't find release like this. It felt delicious, but it wouldn't bring me over the edge.

He switched tactics again, now adjusting the depth of his strokes, shallow, shallow, setting a rhythm but only a few inches in and out. Maddening. Deeper now, yes, I whispered encouragement, gasped his name as he neared what I wanted, deep thrusts hard inside me.

I felt him abandon the games. He settled his weight on me, forearms planted underneath my neck, his lips crushing mine in hungry kisses. Finally, thank god, he drew out and plunged in, deep, as far as he could go, and again, a slow rhythm at last.

"God, Anna. I missed you. I missed this, so much."

I missed it too, but I couldn't speak to say it. The anticipation of this, all the many minutes of teasing had me desperate for him, had the explosion wild and rampant through me, but I couldn't move anything by my h*ps in the shallowest of rolls. I wanted to wrap myself around him, hold him as he drove into me, faster now, but I couldn't.

I tugged at the ties, jerked my feet, bucked wildly as he moved above me.

"Oh god, oh god," I moaned, needing to be freed, "let me go, let me go!"

He was gone, lost in the frenzy, and I could only gasp his name. He came, hard, so hard, and the fiery liquid of his seed filling me sent me over the edge, the mad thrust of his c*ck inside me sent me over the edge, his body going stiff in the throes of orgasm sent me over the edge.

This cli**x made stars crash in blinding bursts behind my eyes, and I couldn't stop the shrieks this time. Fire in my veins, in my muscles, in every cell, but still he thrust, pushing me past orgasm into desperation, back into pleasure so powerful it hurt.

At long last his motion slowed and he untied me with trembling fingers.

Something twinged in my heart, a brief but sharp pang of some emotion I didn't recognize. I didn't like it, didn't want to categorize it, and I pushed it away. I curled in to rest my head on Chase's chest.

"God, I needed that," Chase said, after a long silence.

"It was definitely intense," I said.

Chase gave me an odd look, which I interpreted to mean he'd expected me to say "me too." Which was dangerously close to having to realize it hadn't actually been all that long...

Shit. This is awkward.

The look passed, and I let myself drowse, feeling Chase's arm around me, his thick pectoral muscle a perfect pillow.

I woke up to Chase shaking me gently.

"Come on, sleepyhead. We've got reservations."

"Hmmm-what?" I forced myself to a sitting position, the sheet pooling around my waist. "Reservations?"

"For dinner. This place my buddy knows about, real tiny, but really great food." He grinned and tugged the sheet off me. "So get moving. Dress up nice."

* * *

I'm not sure the restaurant even had a name, honestly. The menus were small squares of thick white paper printed in black calligraphy. There was no name, no prices, no descriptions, just the item name. Very...minimalist.

The food was delicious, though. Incredible, actually. Strange pairings like steak and roasted apple, or garlic hummus and pork chops with candied asparagus. Bizarre. I found myself having a really great time, which shouldn't have surprised me, but did. I'd never been on a date with Chase. Never spoken to him outside of Ram's Horn and our one night together.

I felt panic bloom in my chest as I thought about that. I didn't know Chase at all. I didn't know where he'd grown up, if he'd ever been married or engaged before, if his parents were alive or if he had siblings or if he liked vegetables.

What am I doing here? I shouldn't have come. This was stupid. I should have stayed in Detroit with-

I cut my train of thought off ruthlessly. I wouldn't, couldn't think about him while I was with Chase. That was too close to a whole mess of emotions I didn't want to think about.

"Anna?" Chase's voice cut through my tangle of thoughts.

"Hmm?"

"I asked if you'd ever been backstage before."

"You did?" I shook my head and tried to clear the thoughts away. "Sorry. I'm just...sorry. No, I haven't."

Chase frowned, then waved a hand in dismissal. "Anyway. I got a text while you were sleeping. Our agent booked us to play a club in Harlem tomorrow, opening for a local band. It's a great opportunity for the band, and I figured you could watch from backstage. It'll be fun."

"Sure, sounds great."

We finished eating in silence, and finally Chase set his fork down with a clatter. "You seem distracted."

"Sorry, Chase. Just...I was dealing with some drama back home when I got your letter."

"Anything you want to talk about?"

"No, not really," I said.

"Okay, well, I'm here if you do."

Throughout dessert-paper-thin crepes filled with handmade apricot preserves, dusted with powdered sugar-I learned Chase had an older brother in accounting, in Connecticut, and a younger sister studying law at Duke, parents both passed on, no grandparents, no uncles, no cousins. He'd been engaged once, three years ago, but it had ended due to her being a cheating skank.

I in turn told him about my sordid past, or some of it. I mentioned my mostly-normal mom, including her predilection for popping Oxy like Tic Tacs, and I mentioned my brother, who'd joined the Marines out of high school and never came back. I didn't mention my dad, who'd been quick with the Jack Daniels and quicker with his fists. I also didn't mention the guy with the knife in the alley, my first time DJing, when I was eighteen, before I met Jeff.

I suspected there were things he hadn't mentioned, and I didn't push.

I don't have to tell Jeff any of this, because he already knows. The thought was errant and unwelcome.

We left the restaurant and strolled down the street, Chase looking sexier than he had any right to in a different pair of leather pants, these faded, beaten gray, with a white button-down and a plain black tie loosely knotted around an open collar.

"How many pairs of leather pants do you have, exactly?" I asked.

Chase laughed. "Too many. They're my thing, you might say."

"Do you ever not wear leather pants?"

"Not if I can help it. They're suitable for all occasions. You can even wear them to weddings, if you pair them right."

I had to admit he did look sinfully sexy in leather pants, which reminded me of my nickname for him when I'd first met him: Mr. Sexypants.

Another errant thought flew through my head, a reminder of how long ago it seemed that I'd met Chase and had that night in his bed. By comparison, the weeks with Jeff had seemed endless, longer than they really had been. A lifetime, almost.

Why do I keep thinking about Jeff? I'm with Chase.

I threaded my arm around Chase's. "So, Mr. Sexypants. What's next?"

"Mr. Sexypants?" Chase quirked a corner of his lip up in an amused smile.

"That's the nickname I gave you the night we met."

"I can dig it." Chase tangled our fingers together. "Well, we can go have some drinks, or we can go back to my place and f**k like bunnies."

"Sounds good," I said.

"Which?"

"Both. Well, first the one, then the other."

Chase nodded, and we hailed a cab, ending up at a crowded bar stuffed with cheering sports fans and half-naked women. I felt overdressed in my miniskirt and halter top. I mean, seriously, most of the women I saw were wearing almost nothing, booty shorts halfway up their asses and a bra, if that. Chase's eyes wandered, as men's eyes will, but he soon turned his attention back to me. We drank vodka and cranberry juice and tried to talk over the noise. We were crushed into a back corner, standing up. I was up against the wall, Chase pressed into me, and we soon abandoned all pretense of conversation.

He focused on my neck for awhile, his lips cold from his drink, his breath hot, and every kiss he planted in his slow descent to my br**sts made my n**ples stand higher and harder with desire. I couldn't help noticing we weren't the only couple thus occupied, as most of the dark corners were taken by couples in similar positions. A few seemed to be actually going at it, the girls on their date's laps.

His mouth finally found the edge of my shirt and could go no farther down, not without pulling my breast free, and hell no to that. Not in public. I didn't care how dark the corner was.

The problem was, I wanted it. He'd found my erect nipple even through the shirt and bra, scratching at it with a fingernail till it stood harder, and yes, his other hand slid up my skirt and stroked my damp panties. He was hard, his bulge against my belly, and I could almost but not quite make myself reach into his pants. No one was paying attention to anyone else, and any noises we might have made would have been swallowed by the too-loud music, the blare of the TVs, and the cheering, laughing, screaming, chattering buzz of the bar patrons.

My blood was racing, my heart hammering. He'd worked one finger around my panties, and I was lifting up on my toes as he worked it in slow circles.

Do it, Anna. No one's watching.

I dug my hand into his pants and touched him, felt sticky wetness smear my palm as I stroked him. He groaned against my chest, a sound felt in my bones rather than heard. I pulled his face up to mine and kissed him, heat blossoming in my belly as his tongue explored my lips.

A door opened not far away and a couple snuck out, hand in hand, sated grins on their faces. I tugged Chase to the door I'd seen the other couple leave, discovered it to be a bathroom, of sorts. It clearly catered to this purpose, with a chaise lounge in one corner.

Chase grinned at me, then pushed me toward the lounge. I moved to lie back on it, but Chase had other ideas. He gripped my h*ps and turned me facing away from him. I knew what he wanted, and I went along with it. Shimmying my panties off and stuffing them in my purse, I knelt on the lounge chair on my hands and knees. Chase grinned and licked his lips, then pushed my skirt up over my hips.

He caressed my ass with a gentle hand, then smacked me, hard enough to make me shriek in surprise. More smooth circles on my ass cheek, then a smack. This time, he speared two fingers into my wet p**sy at the same moment he smacked me, and I had to grip the arm of the lounge with one hand.

The bathroom door didn't have a lock. I realized this as Chase straddled the lounge chair standing up, positioning himself behind me. Anyone could walk in and see me getting railed from behind. It shouldn't have made me wetter, but it did.

A zipping sound, and then his fingers were replaced by his cock, and I bowed my back upward as he thrust into me. His hands gripped my h*ps and jerked me into him. He wasn't gentle, and I liked it. Oh god, did I like it. He pounded into me, one hand on my hip, the other fingering my cl*t as he plunged. I didn't bother trying to muffle my moans as he drove into me, harder with each thrust, flesh slapping.

"God, you're so tight," Chase groaned. "I love f**king you like this."

"In...a public...bathroom?" I had to gasp the words past the grunt that escaped me at each thrust.

"It's hot, but no. I meant from behind."

I heard the door unlatch, and then a surprised male voice: "Whoa. Nice."

"Fuck off," Chase growled, and the door closed again.

I should have been mortified, but wasn't. I'd had more than a few vodka cranberries, and the shame was a low burn in the back of my head that I knew I'd feel later. But now, oh god, now I didn't care, not with cli**x so close, not with Chase's c*ck slamming into me, and his finger working my cl*t as he thrust, adding an edge to the fire exploding through me, and the knowledge that someone else had seen me like this only fueled the fire, added a frenzy to it, and now I was falling over the edge.

"Give it to me," I groaned, "yes, give it to me."

"Say my name," Chase said. "Say my name."

"Chase, Chase." I breathed it.

Then he pushed a finger onto my a**hole, not pushing in un-lubricated, thankfully, just circling, and I screamed into the arm of the lounge, my head thumping against the fabric as he pistoned his h*ps into me.

He came, then, slowing his thrusts but driving deeper than ever and his fingers dug into my skin and he froze with his h*ps to my ass, deep and spurting seed through me.

"God, Anna. You make me come so hard." He spoke slumped over me, breathing in stuttering gasps.

We cleaned up and left the bathroom, getting looks from more than one person, telling me we'd been heard as well as seen.

"Let's get out of here," I said to Chase.

Even my heady buzz couldn't cool the flaming of my cheeks.

"You don't want another drink?"

I stalked towards the door, trying to get away from the amused eyes I felt on me. "No. Not here at least."

"Honey, it's fine-"

Honey? I wondered where that endearment had come from.

"I want to go," I cut in.

"Okay then."

We left and walked back to Chase's place in silence. I wasn't sure what I was feeling, and I didn't know how to express it.

"Anna, look, I-"

"I'm not mad. I've just never done anything like that before. They knew. They heard us."

"It wouldn't be the first time people have gotten carried away in that bathroom, I'd wager."

I gave him a cross look. "Well it's the first time for me, and I don't know how to feel about it."

Chase pulled me to a stop at the bottom of his steps and held my arms. "Did you enjoy it?"

"Yeah. It was great. But-"

"Do you know any of them?"

"No, but-"

Chase stepped closer, and I could feel the heat radiating off him, his dark eyes burning into mine, intense and piercing. "Look. I've never been there before, and neither have you. We didn't know anyone there, and we never will. Who cares if they heard us? Who cares if someone saw us? They were probably just jealous it wasn't them getting hot and heavy in the bathroom."

"You've never been there before?" I was softening, and I realized I had been mad at him.

"No," Chase said. "I've heard about from a few different people, but I've never been there. I didn't even know about the bathroom. That was you."

"I saw a couple come out, and they'd obviously just boned in there, so I figured..."

"It was hot. I've never had sex quite so publicly before. It was kind of..."

"Exhilarating," I filled in.

We grinned at each other, and then we started laughing.

"Whoa. Nice." Chase said, mimicking the gravelly voice of the guy who'd walked in on us.

"He was talking about me," I said.

"Not arguing there," Chase said, smirking. "Come on, let's go in. I have some Red Stripe."

A few more beers and I found myself in Chase's bed, pinned down by his weight and his hands on my wrists as he slowly and thoroughly plundered me. As I did every time, I came hard, and more than once, before Chase finally fell asleep.

I lay awake for another hour or so, trying to sort through the jumble of emotions the day had engendered. 'Trying' is the operative word, though. It was too tangled to figure out at three in the morning, half-drunk, and sexually exhausted.

* * *

We spent the next day on a tour of New York. Chase took me on the subway, in cabs and on foot, showed me the big tourists spots and then a few of the more underbelly sort of places. We had dinner at another tiny, out-of-the-way restaurant, and then it was time to get to the club where Six Feet Tall would perform. I helped set up, watched them warm up, and then the club started to fill up and Chase showed me a spot backstage.

Backstage turned out to be a busy place, bustling with techies, assistants, band members, and a host of other people whose functions I couldn't have even guessed at. Chase was in his element, wearing the sexiest pair of leather pants yet, ripped and tattered and weathered, knee-high boots with buckles and spikes and straps, and nothing else. His marvelous body was bare from the waist up, chiseled and cut, and even larger than ever, if that was possible. He'd rubbed oil into his muscles, and he had leather cuffs on his forearms that spanned from wrist to elbow, looking like something a medieval warrior would wear.

I couldn't take my eyes off him. He strode back and forth the backstage area, clutching his mic in one hand, eyes bright and focused. His dark hair was wild, spiked, messy, as if he'd just f**ked hard. Which he had. We'd found a bathroom and Chase had backed me against a wall, lifted my leg around his h*ps and driven into me wildly until we both collapsed into each other. The sex had energized him, it seemed, made him buzz with pysched passion for his impending performance.

When the lights dimmed to black, he rounded on me, kissed me hard and fast.

"Kill 'em, baby," I said.

He grinned at me, then trotted out on stage with his band in tow.

Baby? Where the hell did that come from?

I shrugged it away as the lights came up with the drummer pounding a fast rhythm on the bass kick-drum. The bassist came in next, slapping his strings in a complicated riff, and then the guitarist wound in with a slippery, snaking tune. Chase stood bathed in a spotlight, hands at his sides, head down, motionless. I could pretty much hear all the women in the audience creaming themselves from this vision of him, huge and cut and dominating, even silent and still.

This was a rock band, no holds barred, just this side of metal, but with real melody and musicianship. The music continued, picking up pace and energy until it reached a crescendo, and then, on a single synchronized note, the band fell silent and Chase filled the space with his voice, a low vocalization that rose and rose and rose. The band kicked in, then, perfectly timed with the shift in his singing.

God, they were good. So good. The crowd went nuts, screaming, waving, suddenly pumped for a kick-ass opening number. His lyrics, oh man. Deep, full of feeling and poetry. Intelligible and meaningful, unlike the tripe spouted by so many other bands these days. He meant every word.

And then, of course, after a few heavy-hitting numbers, the lights dimmed and the energy dropped. Chase sat with his legs dangling off the low stage, mic held in both hands, close to his face, eyes downcast as if seeing long ago memories, and crooned a ridiculously touching ballad of heartbreak and loss and love. Of course, he sold it as dramatically as he did the angsty, angry numbers.

They finished their set and I visited the bathroom while they loaded their gear. I found myself in a corner stall, sitting on the toilet and listening to a pair of girls primping at the mirror, discussing Chase.

"Ohmigod, is he hot or what?"

A second voice made a shrill squeal, and I could practically see her waving her face with her hands. "I mean seriously. He's huge. I bet he's hung like a f**king horse."

The first girl popped her lips, reapplying lipstick, probably, and then said, "Hung like a horse is right. You could totally see his package through his pants, and he wasn't even hard. I bet he's awesome in bed."

"I've heard he's into some weird shit. I know this chick who hooked up with him after a show once. She said he's hung like a f**king god, and that he's amazing in bed...if you like being tied up and spanked, among other things." A pause, then, "He can spank me as hard as he wants, I'd let him do anything. He can even put it in my ass."

"Marcia! That's nasty. And if he really is that huge, wouldn't it hurt?"

"Not if he's slow about putting it in. He's gotta work up to it, use his fingers first, and a lot of lube. It's really f**king hot, if he does it right."

"You've done anal?"

"Hell yes. I let Doug f**k me in the ass all the time. It's hot. The fun part is, no condoms, and you can do it even during your period, if you're in the mood."

"God, that's so nasty. And I'm never in the mood when I'm on my period. I would never let Brian put it in my ass. He's asked a couple times, but I always say no. This ass is exit only."

"Well mine isn't. That singer is so hot, he makes me wet just looking at him." A pause, hands being washed and dried. "I wonder if I can get backstage to meet him."

"I know one of the bouncers here. I'll get you backstage. I might even join you for a threesome with him. I'll bet he'd be down with that, if he's as kinky as Jenny said he was."

I was alone again, and I nearly vomited.

I found him by the stage, cornered by who I imagined were the girls from the bathroom. He hadn't seen me yet, so I stayed in the shadows, blatantly eavesdropping.

"So, do you have plans for later, Chase?"

"If you don't, we could grab a few drinks, maybe go by my place...hang out for a bit. You know, just see what pops up."

Chase looked awfully tempted. He actually hesitated. I saw him search the bar for me, and I sank back farther into the shadows by the hallway to the bathrooms.

"As much as I'd like to, ladies, I do have plans for tonight. Maybe another night though. My next show is in a few days, and all the details are up on my band's website."

God. He knew exactly what they were proposing. I still felt ill. Why am I jealous?

I tried to shove it away. So what if he'd hooked up with someone before I got here. I had, hadn't I?

It wasn't just hooking up with Jeff, though. That meant something.

Shit. What did that mean? It meant something? Then why am I jealous of Chase? Why does the thought of him having a threesome with some groupie sluts bother me?

Because I could picture it, easily. And I could see him honestly considering it, before realizing I was still here in New York with him and turning them down. But then he'd basically set up a rain-check, hadn't he?

Maybe he didn't realize what they were getting at.

Yeah, right.

Where was I going to be in a few days? Here in New York still? The return flight was open-ended. We hadn't established a length of time for my visit. I'd told Jeff...well I hadn't told him much of anything. He'd DJ without me.

Is Jeff hooking up with someone, now that I'm here in New York? That lovely thought made me sick, and I wanted to throw up yet again. Jealous of two men. Not good.

"Anna? Are you okay?" Chase's voice filtered through my fog of thoughts, and his hands gripped my arms.

"Sorry, yeah. I'm fine." I couldn't quite meet his eyes. If I did, I'd say something about the groupies from the bathroom, and that would complicate things. I didn't need more complication, or drama.

"You looked...I don't know...angry, or sick, or something. You sure you're okay?"

I forced a smile on my face. "Yeah, just...yeah. I'm fine." I made myself kiss him, knowing the groupies were watching from the bar; after a moment, I didn't need to make myself, because I was lost in the kiss. "Great show! You killed it! That ballad was wonderful."

"You liked it? I just wrote it the other day. That was the first time I've performed it live. I was so nervous I nearly harfed."

"It was incredible. You totally sold it."

"It was for you."

"It was about losing the love of your life." I gave him a confused look.

Chase grinned. "Well, I really wanted you to come with me."

"So you wrote a ballad about it?"

"Yep. I was heartbroken."

I crossed my arms under my br**sts and gave him a skeptical eyebrow-raise. "Uh-huh. You're lucky you're cute, 'cause you're totally lying."

"Am not," Chase said, running his hands down my sides to my hips.

"Not cute, or not lying?"

"Not lying. I'm totally cute," he said.

"You sounded like a school girl just then. You should never say 'totally'." I smirked at him, my irritation largely forgotten, what with all the witty banter and his wandering hands.

"I'm a rock star. I can say whatever I want," Chase said.

He nipped my earlobe, then my neck, and his hands were on my ass, and then he was pushing me up against a wall and kissing me. I felt eyes on us, watching us, hating the attention I was getting and they weren't. Or weren't...yet.

I'm so mixed up. I don't know what I want.

Chase sensed me tense. "You're not okay. What is it?"

I shook my head. "Not here, not now. Let's go somewhere."

"There's an after-party uptown. We can talk in the cab on the way."

When we were in the cab and on the way to the after-party, Chase turned to me, his hand resting on my knee. "So talk. What's bugging you?"

How much to tell him? Argh.

"Well, it's just...I was in the bathroom, and I heard these girls talking about you, the same ones who were trying to get you to go their place with them. They were talking about hot you are, which you totally are," I smirked at him as I used his word, "and the one girl was talking about how much she wanted you. Again, understandable. You're basically sex on legs. And the other girl was saying how she knows a girl who hooked up with you after a show, and that you're into some different kind of stuff. And I...I just don't know why it bothered me so much. But that's not true; I do know. It just reminded me that I don't know why I'm here, or what we are, and that I don't have any reason to be jealous. And no, I don't want to try and figure all that shit out right now, I just want to go to the party with you and have fun and celebrate your awesome show."

"Um, wow, okay." Chase said, sitting back with a sigh. "That's a lot of things. I don't even know where to start."

I shrugged and squeezed closer to him. "So don't start. You asked and I told you. I'm really, really not trying to be all girly and talk about my feelings. Mainly because I'm still trying to figure out what I'm feeling. Let's just have a good time."

"But now you have me thinking. Yeah, I hooked up a few times before you got here, but-"

"Chase, for real. Let's not worry about it now."

"But-"

"Chase. Listen to me. Stop thinking like a guy for a second. You don't have to jump in and fix anything. I'm here, you're here...just let it go for now. I'm not ready to talk serious yet."

Chase searched my eyes, then shrugged. "Okay, I guess I get that. Later, though, okay?"

"Sure. Later." Later, when I've figured out what the hell I'm even feeling, much less what I want to do about it.

The after-party was massive. Hundreds of people, band members, fans, techies and roadies and groupies and I didn't even know who else. The huge loft apartment smelled like booze and body heat and cologne and perfume. There was a makeshift bar along one wall and corner, staffed by a catering company, two men and two women, clean-cut, nondescript and efficient. Alcohol was flowing freely, the noise level nearly deafening. I saw no one I recognized except Chase's band mates: Dave, Austin, and Gage, each of whom I'd met a total of once, when I'd first arrived.

Chase got a vocal welcome, and I felt him turn on the charisma. On the way up, he was just Chase, laid back, quiet, holding my hand. He was still in his battered leather pants, but he'd put on a white linen shirt, the sleeves cut off and the edges artistically frayed, unbuttoned to his navel. Then, as soon as the door opened and we walked into the loft, he transformed into a different person entirely. It was like his entire being just...turned on, and he exuded this powerful, irresistible charm and charisma. He was dynamic, just standing, walking, talking, when in this mode. Every eye was on him, watching him, hoping he'd talk to them. He was funny, entertaining, attentive to the person he's speaking to...

Which meant everyone was looking at me. Judging me. Assessing me. I wanted to let go of Chase's hand, just get away and catch the first flight back to Detroit, away from the attention and the rock star drama. It was ridiculous. I mean, he wasn't even famous yet, and he was being swarmed by people who want his attention, and that meant I was being grilled, questioned, chatted up and flirted with. The women all wanted Chase to notice them, to talk to them, to flirt with them. To take them home. Except, he was with me. He flew me here from Detroit, and brought me to the show and now this party, when he could probably have had any two or three women here, at once.

I didn't know whether to be jealous and upset that he probably has taken multiple women home, and flattered that he likes me enough to want me there, instead of these women. I chose flattered, because it was easier. The jealousy got pushed down and ignored, to be dealt with later.

The party lasted well into the night, or more accurately, the wee hours of the morning. When things started to blur, I asked Chase to take me home. He seemed like he wasn't ready to leave the party yet, but he did. He made his rounds of goodbyes, which took nearly another hour, by which point I was yawning and starting to come down from my buzz.

By the time we got back to Chase's place, I was too tired to do anything but fall asleep. Chase, bless his sweet heart, curled up behind me and let me sleep. My last thought, before succumbing to sleep, was that I'd have to reward him later.

* * *

We slept the day through, had late breakfast/early lunch at a diner a few blocks from Chase's walkup. We talked, a lot. He had a degree in musical theater, oddly enough. He'd almost joined the Army out of high school but hadn't at the last second. I told him about my first boyfriend, the one who'd cheated on me with my best friend's brother. That really messed with my self-esteem, needless to say. He'd told me he'd never really been attracted to me, and had thought it was just because I was fat-his words, not mine. It turned out he wasn't attracted to me because I was fat, and because he was gay. I got over it, mostly. I chalked that one up to bad luck and learned to feel better about myself, to accept my body as uniquely mine, and uniquely beautiful.

Chase spent a long time after that story reminding me how perfect he thought I was. He took me home, brought me to his room and stripped me slowly, peeling my dress off, kissing my flesh as he bared it.

I stood stock still and let him kiss me, let the touch of his lips on my flesh ignite the always-banked fires of desire within me. He unzipped the back of the dress, brushed the sleeves off my shoulders and let the dress fall around my feet. Then, standing in front of me, he began at my shoulders, kissing his way down my body. He was slow, for once, lingering at my br**sts, then down to my belly and my thighs.

By the time he had kissed his way back up to my lips, I was trembling with desire, my n**ples hard with need. I wanted him to touch me, wanted to feel him hard against me, feel his hands on me, feel him fill me. His kisses had inflamed my passions, and I had to bite my tongue to keep from begging him.

He hadn't even taken his shirt off, and I found myself aching to touch him. I tugged at the hem of shirt, but he pushed my hands away.

"Not yet," he said. "Soon."

He went to his dresser and removed a long, wide strip of black cotton. "Trust me?" When I nodded, he wrapped the blindfold around my eyes and tied it in back. "Can you see?"

I couldn't. I fought back an initial rush of panic. It was loosely tied, and my hands were free so I could pull it off if I wanted to. I forced myself to relax and focus on the other senses.

I had the aftertaste of dinner in my mouth: corned beef Rueben and fries with a Coke. I heard a rasping metallic click and then tiny whump of flame coming to life from a lighter, then the snap and pop of a wick catching: a candle being lit; these sounds were repeated several more times. I smelled the candles, smelled Chase-male sweat, faint cologne, leather. I was aware of Chase moving around the room, hearing his footsteps on the old, creaking hardwood floors, following his smell and the intangible feeling of his presence. Now he moved close to me, not touching me.

Goosebumps pebbled my flesh, on my arm, and then my side, a strange, not-quite physical sensation. It moved from my side and down my hip and my leg, and then back up the other leg.

"What is that?" I asked. "What are you doing to me?"

"Guess."

"I can't figure it out. It's like-god, it's weird!" Then it hit me. "You're not touching me, but almost, right? Moving your hand right next to my skin but not actually making contact."

"Bingo."

He rewarded me with a leisurely removal of my bra. No other part of him touched me except his hands on my back as he unclasped the hooks. Not being touched had never been so erotic. I tried to anticipate where he'd put his hands next, but he always managed to surprise me. He slid the straps of my bra off my shoulder, and I expected to feel his hands on my br**sts, perhaps skimming underneath to heft their weight, or rolling a nipple; he kissed my back where the strap had been, a slow tonguing kiss across my back. I felt his hair tickle the back of my left arm as he moved across my body. I lifted my arm as he kept circling around, planting kisses as he went, and then he was kissing the side of my breast, one hand on the small of my back, the other wrapped around one leg, kissing, kissing; he was kneeling next to me, I realized. He still hadn't touched my nipple, or removed my panties. I was tingling everywhere, every inch of my flesh burning with anticipation of his touch, his kiss. My folds were wet, waiting, wanting.

I put my hands in his soft hair, smelling of shampoo and pomade. His hand on my leg finally, finally slipped up to dip beneath the leg hem of my panties, pushing up to the crease of my hip, achingly near my wet, hot core, where I wanted his touch so badly. I was trembling, waiting for him to move just an inch to the right.

He pulled his hand free and I moaned in dismay. He tugged the waistband of my panties down enough to kiss a fiery line across my hip bone to my belly just above my sex, slow, hot kisses that had my knees buckling.

Just a little lower, please!

"Soon, baby," he said.

I'd spoken aloud without realizing it. "Please, Chase. Touch me. Kiss me."

He just chuckled as he kissed my opposite hip, then down my leg, pulling my panties down as he went, a single centimeter at a time, it seemed, agonizingly slow. Then, after an eternity of torturous delight, my panties were off and tossed aside and he was kissing up my calf, holding the leg in both hands, sliding his palms up my thighs to cup my ass, kneading the muscle. I spread my legs apart as he neared my groin, lips now mid-thigh and still rising, and yes, oh please...

I nearly fell backward when he lapped at my p**sy with a long swipe of his tongue across the labia. I moaned, tangled my fingers in his hair and let my head fall backward. He held my ass in both hands as he kissed and licked, flicked and tongued, moved his head from side to side and up and down. I felt my legs dipping in the rhythm of his mouth's motion, helpless to stop myself, and now the fires were raging out of control, burning and exploding, my muscles tensing in preparation for the imminent explosion....

He moved away, and I whimpered. "I was so close, why'd you stop?" I sounded whiny in that moment, but I didn't care, I wanted his mouth on me again, or his hands.

I reached out and felt the empty air around me, but he'd moved out of reach. I smelled for him, listened for him, simply felt for his presence, but he was nowhere my senses could find.

I heard his voice, over to my right, against what would be the closet wall. "Take two steps back."

I hesitated. "Where am I going?" I thought about the layout of the room, and answered my own question. "The bed, right?"

"Two steps, and then stop."

I took one step backward, then another, and felt the edge the bed bump the back of my knees. I stopped, and waited. My heart thudded in my chest, and I smelled his hair before I felt his presence. My four other senses had never been so sharp as now without my sight. I felt his fingers brush my belly, barely contact at all, a whispering touch, like feathers, or a breath; I gasped and shivered.

The feather-light touch turned to a gentle but unmistakable push. I leaned back to sit on the bed. Chase kissed my kneecap, and my thigh, and then I was falling backward, lying down with my legs hanging off the bed. A hand clasped around my wrist and extended it above my head. Then, beginning at my palm, Chase kissed his way down my arm. I sucked in my breath when he reached my breast, slipping his lips around its circumference, narrowing to my aching, stiffened nipple. He only lingered there for a moment, grazing it with his teeth but once. I wanted to crush his head to my breast, or guide his hand to my p**sy, or simply beg him to touch me, touch me. I didn't though. The game, the drawn-out, rapturous, torture was exquisite.

He repeated the process for my other arm, lifting it above my head and kissing his way down to my breast. This time, however, instead of merely moving away from my breast, he kept lapping and licking downward, tracing the lines of my ribs, the hollow of my diaphragm, the expanse of my belly. All the while his hands were brushing and whisking and whispering across my skin, just the pads of his fingertips touching now, and then his palm circling the taut peak of my nipple.

His tongue found my drenched, throbbing folds again, dipped in to pull from my trembling lips a moan of relief. Yes, now he would let me release, now...

He tongued my cl*t until I was writhing on the bed, sight gone, the only sound my voice, the only scent the musk of my arousal, lost in tactile ecstasy, so close, so close, wavering on the verge, teetering on the brink...one last touch of his tongue...

I grabbed wildly for him when he pulled away again, and he only laughed. My entire body was on fire, quivering with need, primed and set for explosion. My senses were so attuned now that I could hear the rustle of his pants legs as he moved, hear the soft susurrus of his breathing. Every inch of my flesh was on fire, waiting for the next place he would kiss or touch me.

I heard the leather of his pants zipping as he moved to stand next to me. "Sit up and turn to face my voice."

I did as he'd instructed, wondering what was next; he took my hands in his and placed them on his chest. I could feel his heart pounding under my palm. He moved my fingers so I felt a button on his shirt. I realized what he wanted and complied eagerly, unbuttoning his shirt and pushing it off. I wanted to rip his pants off, but, according to the way he was playing this game, I made myself wait. Instead, I explored his torso with my hands, all my attention now focused on my fingers. I traced each muscle, each line and angle and curve from shoulder to wrist to abdomen, lingering, and now I couldn't stop myself from replacing fingers with lips. I kissed him slowly, deliberately. Each time I neared the V-cut above the waistband of his pants, I lingered, let my fingers toy with the button.

When he was shaking and tense, I slipped the button free and unzipped his pants. I moved with delicate attention, following the muscles downward, pushing the pants away inch by inch. I stripped them off, then, unable to wait any longer. He was in his boxers now, and I let my hands learn the shape of his body through the underwear, the curved stone of his buttocks, the hard angles of his hips, the rigid shaft of his straining cock. He'd leaked a dot of moisture at his tip. I moved his boxer-briefs down on one hip, licked the hollow where leg met hip bone, then across until my lips were brushing next to his cock. He sucked his stomach in, a reflexive motion of anticipation. Instead of touching him, yet, I revealed his other hip, mirrored the kiss across his groin.

Now, at last, I tugged the elastic over his cock, slipping him into my mouth as I exposed him. He gasped as I took him into my throat, groaned when I wrapped my fingers around him, and rumbled deep in his chest when I bobbed my head and moved my hands along his shaft. I sucked until my cheeks hollowed, sliding my hands on him faster and faster, his h*ps bucking him into my mouth.

His breathing was ragged, and he was buckling at the knees.

"Oh, god, I'm gonna come," he said.

I let go immediately and moved back on the bed, lying down on my back and waiting, legs spread in invitation. I heard him growling, imagined him flexing every muscle in an effort to hold back.

"You didn't come, did you?" I asked. "You better not have. I want you to come inside me."

He groaned again, and I felt weight on the bed. "No, but nearly."

"Good. I want you inside me, right now. Please, Chase."

I reached for him, where I thought he was. I felt hair, took a handful and pulled gently until I could reach his jaw, and then his shoulder and then his hip, and then he was above me. I grasped his c*ck in my fist and guided him to my entrance.

"No more games. Just take me," I rocked my h*ps as I spoke, and he sank into me.

He shuddered, tensed, and I felt his lips brush mine, shaking as he held himself back from the edge.

"God, you feel so good," he whispered, "I'm there already, again, I can't..." He sounded ragged, desperate.

The feeling of him inside me, filling me past full, knowing he was so close, it brought me in a single rush, before he'd thrust even once, to the edge of cli**x. I tangled my fingers in his hair and pulled his head down to mine, crushed my lips to his. I thrust my tongue into his mouth and as I did so, rolled my h*ps against him, driving him to the hilt.

He held himself stone-still, every muscle tensed. He was still holding back.

"Give it to me," I breathed, rocking into him, one hand still gripping his hair, the other clawing down his back. "Don't hold back anymore. Give it to me. Hard. Now."

He roared, a feral sound, leonine, primal, and bucked his hips, sliding his c*ck into me, once, deep, and hard. Again. Again. I gasped, bit his shoulder. He arched his back outward, pulling almost out and tensing, holding. Still withholding. I dug my nails into his h*ps and jerked him toward me, pulling with all my strength against his resistance. Still he played the game, holding back.

I rolled sideways and he went with me, pulling me over him. I draped myself on top of him, waiting, let him fade back from the edge. The game continued. Above him like this, I held the power of pace. He was sunk to the hilt, our hip bones grinding. I sat straight, stretching him backward, placed my hands on his belly, my weight spread between his body and my knees. I waited, absorbing the sensations rocketing through me: his cock, hard and huge and throbbing with pent-up pressure, his body beneath me, muscles tense and rock-solid, his hands resting on my hips, my heart beating wildly in my chest like a fleeing rabbit, my nerve endings all afire now, silence except our breathing, the scent of sex thick in the air.

I lifted up, just a few inches, held my weight there for a moment, and then sank down. I gasped, he groaned. More. I lifted higher, sank back down harder, h*ps thumping, blood thrumming. He growled again. I felt his buttocks clench against my thighs.

"Give it to me," I said, leaning close to his face. "I want it."

"No," he said, crashing his lips to mine and spearing his tongue into my mouth. "Make me."

I rocked up and back down. "With...pleasure...."

No rhythm, only sporadic rolls of my hips, a pause, lift up and sink down. His hands found my br**sts, pinched my n**ples, sending jags of lightning bursting through me. Then he cheated. He dug a single finger between our merged bodies and found my cl*t somehow. I rocked back instinctively, lifted up, gave him access.

A few slow circles drove me mad; he moved his finger faster, and then I came, almost without warning, a nuclear detonation blasting through every cell of my body.

I couldn't stop the rhythm then. I fell onto him, clutched him against me and let my h*ps run wild.

Hips don't lie, as the song goes, and mine danced on his with truthful desperation. I couldn't play the game any longer. I whimpered against his neck as I pulsed my p**sy onto him.

He arched his back upward, arms wrapped around me, clinging to me as he came. I was still riding my first cli**x, and when he came I soared over the edge again, the heat of his release washing through me, each piston-drive of his c*ck sending me further and further into a frenzy of orgasm. We were bucking in syncopated abandon now, riding each other beyond cli**x, beyond mere physical release into something else, into an escape from singular self into a duality of ecstasy.

We were caught up in a storm, and all we could do was cling to each other through it, let it pound through us. When it passed, we were both limp and panting, sweating, spent.

I rolled off him and nestled into his arms, feeling his heart beat against my cheek.

* * *

We showered, changed, and Chase hailed a cab, but wouldn't tell me where we were going. The cab pulled up to Macy's.

"What are we doing here?" I asked.

"Shopping," was his cryptic reply.

"Well no shit, it's the world's largest department store. Shopping for what?"

He just grinned. It seemed a bit like a leer, honestly, lecherous and eager for what he had planned. I rolled my eyes at him and let him drag me by the hand up the escalators and to the lingerie department.

"Lingerie? Really?" I stopped at the entrance to the lingerie department.

"Yes, really."

"Are you saying my underwear aren't sexy enough for you?" I teased.

"I'm saying you can never have too much sexy lingerie."

We browsed together, Chase showing me what he liked-always grabbing an item several sizes too small. Eventually, we settled on a red and black lace bustier with matching panties, and a hot pink and purple ruffled set.

I tried a few of the less adventurous bras, and then stepped back out, fully dressed, with an idea. It was near closing time and the store was empty, with one store assistant prowling around. I waited until she was sorting through a stack of panties on the other side of the department, then pulled Chase with me into the changing room.

I stripped for him, peeling off my clothes to a silent rhythm, then pinned him against the stall wall with my body. I was down to just my panties, rubbing my bare br**sts against the soft cotton of his shirt. I felt his c*ck burgeon in his pants, met his gaze as I unzipped him.

"Hello? Is anyone still in here?" The store clerk called out.

"Yes," I said. Chase had frozen, not even breathing. "I'm just trying on a few last things. I'll be done in a minute."

"We're closing in five minutes. If you're going to make a purchase, it needs to be soon."

"Okay, I'll be right out." I stifled a laugh, tugging Chase's underwear down to free his erection.

I glided my hand on his length, put my mouth to his ear and whispered, "I want you right now." I felt Chase's c*ck throb and tense as I spoke. "Put it in my p**sy."

I stroked him, one hand massaging his sack, until he was rolling his h*ps into my hand. When he was nearly ready, I stripped my panties off of one leg and faced the wall, bending at the waist with my hands braced.

Chase didn't need another invitation. He slipped a finger into me, finding me already wet. He plunged into me, and we both had to bite our lips to stifle our moans.

"Hello? I really need to cash out, dear," came the clerk's voice. Her shoes peeked under the door, tiny little white sneakers, the footwear of a woman who spends her life on her feet.

I was just within reach of the top of the door. Chase had frozen, and I plunged my h*ps back into him to get him moving. The exhilaration of this moment, being completely nak*d, with Chase's c*ck driving into me from behind, and only a thin stall door between us and complete humiliation...I nearly came right then. I caught up the hangars of the items I wanted and hung them over the door.

"Ring these up and I'll be right out to pay," I said. My voice wasn't quite steady, but she didn't say anything, if she'd noticed.

Chase was moving slowly, trying to avoid making any noises as our bodies joined. I was riding the edge of cli**x now, and so was Chase.

"Will that be cash or charge?"

God, the woman was relentless. Leave me alone for five seconds!

Chase handed me a wad of cash and I handed it over the top of the door.

"I don't know how much it'll be, but that should cover it," I said, a little breathless.

The clerk took the cash and finally left us alone.

"Now, Chase!" I whispered. "Come for me, right now!"

I drove my ass onto him, feeling him plunge hard to the hilt deep inside my p**sy. Again, even harder, and the stall shook. A third time, and I rocked backward to absorb the impact, feeling him drive deeper than he'd ever been, both of us silent, breath caught. I felt him tense, drive one last time into me, and then he was coming, flooding me with his seed. I felt him come and I joined him an instant later, resting my head against the wall as he fluttered into me, my inner muscles clenching around him in spasms.

He pulled out of me, tucked himself back into his pants and slumped back against the wall. "Damn, Anna...just...damn."

I smirked at him, feeling sated and daring. I dug in my purse for a little packet of tissues, and cleaned myself before dressing again. I told Chase to stay in the dressing room until I called him.

I walked up to the cashier's stand, my thighs quivering with aftershocks. I could barely walk, but I had to cover up and act as if nothing had happened. The woman, mercifully, had everything bagged up and the change ready, and she vanished into a back room with barely a "thank you."

I snuck Chase out of the changing room and we left Macy's laughing like teenagers.

After Macy's we went to Times Square and mingled with the bustling crowd, holding hands and walking aimlessly. We sat on the giant steps with the signs around us, kissing as if we were alone, making out until even the New Yorkers shouted at us to get a room.

* * *

We spent the entire following day in the recording studio. I sat in the producer's booth watching in rapt interest as they laid down track after track, sometimes going back for a dozen takes of the same section of song, the same riff, the same vocalization until they got it right.

I knew my way around a mixing/EQ board, and I quickly learned to understand what the producers and sound engineers were doing at the giant board on the other side of the acoustic room.

The whole process made me wonder if I could ever find my way on the other side of the glass, where Chase and his band was. I'd always loved singing, and had settled on DJing as a way of utilizing my musical talent, modest as it seemed to me. As any girl with a decent voice does, I'd harbored dreams of "being a singer" but as I got older and learned a bit about the business, I came to realize how distant and unlikely a prospect that was. Now, sitting in a real recording studio, in New York City no less, those dreams all came rushing back to me.

I was lost in my thoughts and was startled when Chase came up behind me and kissed me on the neck.

"Thinking deep thoughts, huh?" he asked.

"What? Oh, yeah. Guess so. I didn't hear you come in."

"I called your name twice, babe. You were zoned out. What were you thinking about?"

I looked up at him over my shoulder. "Oh, just how cool it is to be here, in a studio. Thanks for bringing me."

"Thought you might like it." He glanced at the producer, a younger-looking man with full-sleeve tattoos on both arms and wide-gauge earrings. "We have a few minutes left on our time, right Jake?"

Jake nodded, glancing at his watch. "Yeah, a couple. Wanna lay down a bonus track with your girl?"

Chase just gestured to the door to the booth. "Shall we?"

We sat down in the booth and Chase settled the expensive headphones on my ears.

"What do you want to sing?" Chase asked.

I thought carefully. I didn't know if they were going to actually include this recording on the CD or not, but if they did, I wanted it to be knock-out.

"I don't suppose you know 'Don't You Wanna Stay' do you?" I asked Chase.

"Jason Aldean and Kelly Clarkston? Surprisingly enough, I do," Chase answered, with a sheepish grin. "I learned it when I did a karaoke contest with a friend. We actually won with that song."

The producer tapped at the computer keyboard for a moment, and then the introductory strains filled my ears through the headphones. Chase started it off, the slow, sad melody turned aching and haunting by his clear, powerful voice. He really is amazing, I reflected. I heard my part coming up, and Chase nodded to me. I took a deep breath and added my voice to his, and once again I felt that intangible, bone-deep knowledge boil in my blood. We were on, we were hitting it just right, our natural chemistry and talent flowing together. I could see the producer nodding, a surprised expression on his face. We were killing it.

I felt my skin prickle and adrenaline surge through me, felt the notes flow from me without thought, without effort. Chase's hand was in mine, and then my eyes closed and all I knew was the music and those wonderful lyrics, which had suddenly taken on new meaning.

Every kiss we'd shared filled the spaces of my mind, every moment spent nak*d together, every look, it all took on new importance. I really had no clue what this was with Chase, or how long it would last.

The song ended all too soon, and Chase and I ripped the headphones off to embrace each other.

"That rocked!" Jake said. "Chase, your girl's got some real pipes on her. I may have to steal her, one of these days. For music, I mean."

"You just want to steal her, period," Chase said, with a wry grin.

Jake shrugged. "Yeah, well, you'd better get out of here before I do. Good work, guys."

We left the studio to have a late dinner, and I had the song running through my head the entire time, as well as the thoughts the lyrics had engendered. Chase must have sensed my pensive mood.

"What's up, buttercup? You seem lost in thought again." He pushed back from his plate and searched my eyes from over the top of his glass of beer.

I shrugged. "Oh, that song has just always had a lot of meaning for me. It always makes me think, I guess."

"So what are you thinking now?"

I still wasn't sure if I wanted to have that conversation with Chase yet, if at all. It was too easy to just float along one day at a time and let the relationship, such as it was, just be a nameless, uncategorized thing. To put a box around it, to give it a name and boundaries would be to change it.

After a long, thoughtful silence, I shook my head. "Nothing. Nothing important."

Chase frowned. "You know we have to talk eventually, Anna."

"No we don't. One day at a time. Carpe diem and all that."

He laughed, a mirthless, resigned sound. "Isn't this backwards? Aren't I supposed to be the one avoiding the discussion?"

I shrugged again, a coward's non-answer. "How about another beer and then we go back to your place?"

* * *

Back in his bedroom, we lay down, fully clothed, on his bed, just holding each other. The avoided conversation loomed between us. It really was backwards, him being the one who wanted to put a name to what we were, to establish our thing together as a relationship. I didn't want to do that. Why I didn't want to was a more complicated thing, and that's what I ruminated on as I lay in Chase's arms, content to be held for the moment.

Why didn't I want to commit to this being an actual relationship, monogamous and working toward some kind of future together? Chase was incredible. He was charming and thoughtful, gorgeous, talented...an amazing lover. He was going places, career-wise. He wanted me. That was a big one. He wanted me. I'd still not quite gotten over that. I think I was expecting it to change at some point, for him to wake up and realize he did in fact want a girl who was not me, who was in some way either more or less than me, depending on how you looked at it. But he hadn't so far, and judging by his response to my avoiding the relationship discussion, he wanted more with me. Something long-term.

Why wasn't I jumping at that?

Jeff.

I'd left something unfinished with him, back in Detroit. I hadn't said when, or if, I was coming back. I'd just left, perhaps precipitately. I'd hurt him. That was clear in his eyes, in the tense slump of his shoulders when he drove me home.

He'd never said what he wanted, with me. But he hadn't needed to. It was clear, somehow. Jeff had a way of implying his desires without saying them, of communicating his thoughts nonverbally. I couldn't have pinpointed what it was he'd done, or how he'd looked at me that told me he wanted a relationship, but I knew he did. Maybe it was the fact that he'd had a crush on me for all the years we worked together, never voicing it, never moving on it after a few initial, hesitant flirty moments I'd pretended not to notice. Maybe it was his slow, sweet, reverent love-making.

I shut down thoughts of that. I couldn't let my mind go there, not when I was in Chase's bed.

The realization hit me like a ton of bricks: I had to choose. Stay there, indefinitely, and eventually decide that I was staying with Chase. Or, I had to go back to Detroit and face Jeff. That's what had been niggling at me since I'd arrived in New York. I didn't know how to choose. I didn't know what I wanted. Who I wanted, long-term, if either of them.

"Quit thinking so hard and just be here with me," Chase said.

"Are you a mind-reader?"

He turned into me and kissed my cheek, then my chin. "Sometimes. You wear your thoughts on your face, though, so that makes it easier. You're thinking too hard. We don't have to figure anything out. Just be here with me, in this moment, right now."

I nodded, his stubble scratching my temple. "You're right. I'm sorry, I'm just-"

"Let it go for now."

I lifted up on an elbow. "So distract me."

Our lips met, a hesitant touch at first, almost as tender as if it were our first kiss. Slow, and delicate. Explorative. It wasn't a kiss meant to go anywhere, at first. It was just meant to be a kiss, the expression of affection. His kiss told me what he felt about me. His lips showed me in a visceral way that he thought I was valuable, and beautiful.

The feeling of being desired, the knowledge that a man as hot as Chase thought I was beautiful...that was something I couldn't ever get enough of. I still couldn't turn off my brain, even kissing Chase like this. He had unlocked something inside me, that night in his bedroom in Detroit. He'd unleashed something powerful and insatiable. He'd made me understand my own worth as a sexual woman. There was a phrase I'd heard a million times before but never really truly grasped until this moment in Chase's New York apartment:

He'd shown me my inner goddess.

I did feel, in that moment, with his arms slipping around me, his body sliding against mine, his fingers exploring my body and starting the slow unwrapping of my clothes, that I was a goddess. I had power. My body, my desires, my needs...I could affect a man, hold sway over him, manipulate him or lift him up or draw his pleasure out, multiply it, deepen it. I could, for the minutes or hours I was with a man in bed, be all of his universe, the only thing that mattered in his existence, in those moments. It's not about experience or lack thereof, or what you've learned or with whom. That power comes from within a woman, and it must be understood on a blood- and bone- and soul-deep level.

Time had vanished and reappeared, and I was nak*d with him, limbs tangling in a writhing twist of flesh and sweat and heat. I had no memory of removing clothes, of anything but his lips and his hands and his body against mine, and it didn't matter. Nothing mattered. Only him, only me, only us together.

There were no games, no kinks, no blindfolds or positions or bindings, just bodies mingling and merging. Lips collided and tongues mated, hands and legs and arms wrapped and touched and twined. I felt him move into me, fill me, glide with serpentine grace to merge our bodies in a manner more intimate than ever before. Walls and defenses and worries melted away, futures and pasts and choices had no meaning.

Climax happened gradually, together. We mounted the heights of pleasure together in a timeless dance of flesh, moving and breathing until we were left motionless and breathless together.

There was something massively important in that experience together. I couldn't look at it too carefully, not yet. I just let it permeate my being, sweep my thoughts away. His breathing and mine matched, slowed, deepened, merged until there was nothing but breath, nothing but contact of cooling flesh and drowsing mind.

We slept then, and dreamed no dreams but each other.

* * *

For the first time since arriving in New York, I found myself alone for several hours. Chase's band had to rehearse their set for that night's show, and since I was going to see it later anyway, Chase suggested I "do some shopping or whatever."

I decided to do the tourist thing. I'd been to New York a few times before, but I'd never really just explored, I'd always been with friends or family with a set itinerary. This time, I went to the Statue of Liberty, explored the area around Times Square on foot, ate at a hole-in-the-wall pizzeria, took the subway in a circle around the boroughs, just wasting time and seeing the every-day-life parts of the city.

I made it back to Chase's apartment with enough time to take a nap, shower, and change. Well, that was the idea, at least. I got the nap in, exhausted from a long day on foot, but the shower didn't exactly happen as planned.

Chase came back from rehearsal, amped up and adrenalized. The hot, leisurely shower I'd anticipated turned into Chase pinning me under the stream of water, one of my legs around his hip as he drove up into me. There was no romance or technique to it, this time. Chase often spent an inordinate amount of time giving me pleasure before he let himself go; this time, the focus was on him, and I liked it that way, in that moment. I tangled my arms around his neck and held tight as he drilled into me, grunting, plunging. He was primal, raw power. He came with a shudder and a growl of teeth in my shoulder.

We finished cleaning up and toweled off, and by that time, Chase was ready again. He didn't make any overt moves to take me again, but I could tell he wanted it.

I waited until he had gotten his boxers on before I made my move. He was pulling his shirt over his head and momentarily blind. I knelt in front of him, jerked his boxers around his knees, and wrapped my lips around his head, letting my teeth lightly graze him, enough to shock. He gasped and flinched.

"God...what are you doing?" Chase tugged the shirt and looked down at me as I stroked his base. "We just went...and I have to be at the club in a few minutes..."

I licked him from root to tip before answering. "If you don't have time, then I guess..." I backed away slowly, giving him time to consider.

"Well, we might have a few minutes," he said.

"I thought so. I mean, I wouldn't want you to perform...frustrated." I used both hands then, pumping him slowly, just the very tip in my mouth, sucking gently.

Chase tried to answer, but could only gasp as I slid him deeper into my throat, moving my hands down his length as I did so. His fingers tangled in my damp hair and he fluttered his hips, restraining himself from thrusting. I went slow for a moment, stroking, sucking, and massaging, until he was limp-kneed and gasping. He was slick and hard in my hands, veins throbbing and sac taut, ready to burst. I moved a fist on him, quickly now, a finger massaging the muscles of his taint, lips locked around his engorged head. He threw his head back, groaning, tightened his fingers in my hair, and then he couldn't help his thrusting hips. I took him deep, not quite gagging as he brushed the back of my throat. Harder, faster, until he was dipping at the knees and rocking his h*ps to the rhythm of my bobbing.

"God, goddamn...I'm coming..."

I hadn't needed the warning. I could feel him tense, feel his balls contract and release in my palm. He came hard, shooting a jet of hot, thick, salty come down my throat, and then again, and a third time. I kept moving, kept sucking, until he was curled down over his belly and rumbling, jerking. He lifted me up to my feet and held me in a hug, breathing hard.

"Wow, what was that for?" Chase asked.

I shrugged. "I wanted to. I like making you feel good, especially before your show. If you guys kill it like you did the other day, I might even do it again."

Chase chuckled. "Well then, we'll have to kill it, won't we?"

* * *

They opened for one of New York's biggest up-and-coming local bands, and they killed it. They started their set with one of their hardest numbers, a thrash piece that had the crowd moshing within minutes. That set the pace for the rest of the show, each song harder than the last, and the crowd ate it up. Chase was in rare form, climbing up on a stack of speakers for an entire number, getting the crowd participating in chant-back choruses, jumping off the stage and working through the crowd, even singing from on top of the bar at one point.

By the time their set was over, the crowd was in a frenzy, and actually demanding an encore. After approving it with the stage manager, Chase and the band went back out and did a cover of the Ramones' "Blitzkrieg Bop".

I had watched from the bar, wanting to experience the show from a different angle. When they finished their set, I made my to the backstage entrance. Chase had introduced me to the stage staff before the show. I saw the other guys from the band near the door to the alley, and I made my way to them.

"Hey, Anna!" Gage, the bassist, greeted me with an effusive hug.

"Great show, guys!" I said.

I congratulated all of them, then looked around for Chase, but didn't see him.

"Where's Chase?" I asked.

Gage shifted from one foot to the other, not meeting my eyes, glancing at the back door to the alley and then away. "He's...in the bathroom."

My stomach dropped. I suddenly knew what I'd find if I opened the alley door, but I didn't want to believe it.

I'd spent the show amazed at Chase's talent, wondering again what my hold-up was with him. I'd come backstage with the intent of telling him I was planning to stay in New York for a while longer, maybe even having the relationship discussion tomorrow.

"The bathroom?" I narrowed my eyes at Gage, fist clenched. "Don't bullshit me, Gage. Where is he?"

Gage shifted again, biting at his lip ring. "Just give him a minute, Anna."

I shoved Gage out of the way, and wrenched the door open. The metal knob was cold in my fist, squeaking as I turned it. The door was heavy, solid and rusted. I put my shoulder to it and pushed. It burst free, sending me stumbling into the alley.

I heard Chase's voice. "Wait, girls, not here, not now, just wait...I don't want Anna to find me-"

My heart clenched and my eyes burned. Chase was backed up against the alley wall, the same two girls from the bathroom at the last show pawing at him. One of them was kneeling in front of him, stopped in the act of opening his pants. The other had his hand in hers against her breast, which was bared, her camisole pulled down.

"Too late," I said, barely above a whisper.

"Anna, wait, please! It's not like you think!" Chase pushed the girls away and stumbled toward me.

I shook my head, spun on my heel and stomped out of the alley toward the main street. My eyes burned and blurred, and my chest seemed to be clutched in a vise. I heard Chase behind me, calling my name, begging me to wait, trying to explain.

I saw a cab trundle past, lit up. I ran toward it, whistling with two fingers. The cab stopped and let me in. I managed get "airport" out before shattering into sobs. I heard a palm slap the window, saw Chase through tear-blurred eyes, running after the cab, panic on his face.

"Want me to stop for him, lady?" The cabbie asked.

"No. Keep going."

"None of my business, but he looks awful shook up. Sure you don't wanna give him a chance?" I saw the cabbie's pale brown eyes meet mine in the rearview mirror.

"Just f**king drive, goddamn it."

The cabbie shrugged and kept silent the rest of the way to the airport. I didn't have my suitcase, but there was nothing vital in it anyway. He could keep it. I had my purse, my phone, my charger, and my ticket. My phone buzzed and rang nonstop, text after text, voicemail after voicemail. Eventually I turned it off and tried not to have a panic attack.

By some miracle, I made the next flight home.

I cried all the way back to Detroit, soft, silent tears dripping down my chin.

