Two things get me into trouble: food, and my mouth. That's how it all started with Chase: first food, then my mouth. I had just finished DJing at a bar appropriately called The Dive, and I needed a snack. I headed to the twenty-four hour Ram's Horn a few miles away from the bar.

That night, I was way more sober than I usually was whenever I visited Ram's Horn. Let's just say the tips at The Dive were usually of the liquid variety, but that particular night, I hadn't been tipped as well as usual. Still, I'd had a couple, and I swayed as I made my way through the crowded parking lot. I stumbled through the door and bumped right into trouble of the tall, dark and handsome variety. He apologized as I looked away, flushing in embarrassment.

I snuck a peek, and embarrassment turned to lust. This guy was HOT. I couldn't make myself meet his eyes. I mumbled an apology and scurried to my usual corner booth, where I hid behind the menu.

I pretended to peruse a menu I knew by heart. I've always had a passion for life and that translated into overindulgence. What can I say? I've never met a cupcake I didn't want to get to know better.

I was still staring at the menu when he came over. He was so sexy, even his pants were sexy.

"Can I sit with you?" His voice was like a mellow, throbbing bassline.

Anything you want, Mr. Sexypants, I thought. I blushed scarlet from my forehead all the way down to my ample cl**vage.

"Sure," I mumbled, acting like I didn't care either way.

I looked up at him again, and he was twice as sexy as he'd been ten seconds before. I wanted to say something cool, but in my tipsy state, I could barely focus, and my menu kept shifting between single and double images.

Mr Sexypants ordered water, because he was just that cool. I thought about ordering salad, so I could be cool too, but when the waitress came and I actually opened up my mouth, I said "Lemon pie."

Pie? Really? Awesome job, Anna, I scolded myself.

I played with my hair, twisting a lock of my bottle-blond hair between my fingers. It smelled like smoke.

"You seem like you know your way around this place," Mr. Sexypants said.

"No, not really," I lied. "I actually DJ down the street at The Dive."

Why did I just tell him where I work?

"You're a DJ?"

"Yeah. I also sing and play music at a few local bars."

"Oh, you sing," he said, flashing his absurdly straight and white teeth at me. "I'm a singer too."

Of course Mr Sexypants would be a singer.

"Really?" I said. "Like at church?"

"No, in a band. We're called 6 Feet Tall. We just got back from playing at CBGB's in New York."

The waitress brought our food, I think. She must have, since food had appeared and I was eating it.

I smiled, ate my lemon pie, and twirled my hair again. Is this actually happening to me right now? I put my hand down onto my leg and pinched myself. Yep, really happening.

I glanced down, more to get away from Mr Sexypants and his fiery brown eyes than anything else, and that was when I remembered what I was wearing: knee-high black hooker boots, fishnet stockings, and a size-eighteen sequined leopard-print dress. I went ten shades of scorching red all over again.

"How's the pie?" He asked, still with that too-damn-cute smirk. He knew exactly what he was doing to me, and he was enjoying watching me squirm.

"Uh...great, thanks." I scarfed down the last couple bites. "I really need to get going."

"The pie is on me," he said. "I was lonely, sitting all by myself. My name is Chase, by the way."

"Nice to meet you Chase. I'm Anna." I shook his hand, trying desperately to ignore the sparks of heat that ran up my arm at the touch of his strong, calloused fingers. "Good luck with your band."

With that, I scooted my butt out of the booth and into my car as quick as I could. I turned the key in my car and looked at the clock: three-thirty eight am. I needed to get home before my roommate Jamie started calling the police to look for my dead body. She hated my job and was always worried guys were going to attack me leaving the bar. I've tried explained to her several times that serial killers don't kill fat girls. I turned to check for a car before I started to pull out, but jammed the brakes when the passenger-side door opened.

"I didn't want to let you go without getting your phone number." Chase's bassline voice washed over me from the open door.

"My mother taught me not to give my phone number to strange men."

"So I'm strange, now, huh?" He shot me the smirk again.

"You know what I meant. I don't know you." It took all my control to keep my voice even.

"What if I want to get to know you?" He smiled at me again and I swear I forgot what my name was.

And then he kissed me. Not a tiny, friendly, introductory kiss either; it was a deep, almost-tongues-touching kiss. A soul-scorching kiss. My foot slid off the brake and the car started rolling, and he had to jump out of the way to avoid being run over.

"Sorry about that," I mumbled, trying not to touch my lips where his had just been.

"I'll see you again, Anna. Real soon." He shut the car door before I could finish mumbling "Goodnight."

He smiled at me as he turned to jog back to the restaurant.

* * *

He swaggered into The Dive the following week, wearing tight leather pants and a sleeveless black T-shirt. It was a look not many men could have pulled off, but he wore it like he'd invented it. I mean, damn, those pants hugged his ass like a second skin, and his arms were brawny, bulging, and writhing with gorgeous tattoos. He was lean in the hips, wide in the shoulders, and...

I was completely screwed.

That was before he picked up the mic. He let a few others go first, some not-quite drunk regulars that had decent voices, people I could rely on to get the night started. Chase picked "All I Want" by Toad the Wet Sprocket. He took the mic in one hand, curled the cord around the other, standing with his weight on one foot, head down, tapping a toe to the opening notes. Most people, when waiting for their song to start, glance at their table of friends for encouragement, or stare with nervous eyes at the prompter, waiting for the lyrics to start turning blue.

Chase milked the moment like a true performer. He drew everyone's eyes, and he knew it; rather than just waiting for the cue to start singing, he was building tension, making sure every eye was on him. The music shifted from the intro to the first verse, and Chase lifted the mic to his mouth, drew a deep breath...and blew me away. The man could sing. He worked the crowd, getting those who knew the song to join in on the chorus, got the rest clapping and trying to sing along. He turned a dingy dive bar into a concert hall before his first number was over.

Of course, at the time, all I could see was his glorious body and smooth skin. All I could feel was the rush of pure desire coursing through my body to gather in a damp pool between my thighs. I remembered the heat and pressure of his lips on mine one week ago, and desperately wanted more.

His eyes burned into me as he owned the stage. Every time he glanced my way-which was often-I found myself pinned in place, my legs turned to jelly by the blaze of raw lust burning in his eyes.

Why is he looking at ME like that? I wondered. There were dozens of other women in the bar, prettier, richer, skinnier women half my size. Just about every woman in the bar was oozing desire for Chase, lining up around the stage area, all of them wearing sexy little outfits sized in the single digits instead of double.

Yet Chase had eyes only for me, with my size-eighteen mini skirt and three-inch heels elevating me to nearly six feet tall. I knew I looked good, for me, but compared to all these other model looking women, I knew I shouldn't have a chance in hell with a guy like Chase. But yet here he came, burly arms swinging, eyes fixed on me like he was a lion stalking a gazelle across the savannah. I was no gazelle, but he didn't seem to care.

"You've got a great selection," Chase said, his voice rolling over me.

I was flustered enough to drop the CD I was holding. He was mere inches from me, gazing down at me with what could not possibly be, could never be, surely wasn't desire.

"Selection?" I asked.

Am I popping out of my top? I looked down at my chest, suddenly unable to put two thoughts together.

Chase laughed, a low, amused chuckle. "Your song selection. You have a lot of songs to choose from."

I glanced back up to meet Chase's eyes, and as our gazes met, Chase let his slide down to my cl**vage and hung there, an obvious, intentional ogle.

"Oh," I muttered. "Yeah...well, can't be a DJ without music."

"True. But your selection is especially...vast." He was talking about my tits, now.

"You sounded great," I said, because it was true, and a complete sentence.

"Thanks." He reached past me, his arm going over my shoulder and brushing my face, his lips now mere inches from mine as the whole bar watched.

I thought he was going to kiss me, but he grabbed a song request slip from the waist-high counter running along the wall behind me. He took a mini-pencil and scribbled something on the slip, and then handed it to me.

"Sing with me," he said. It wasn't quite a direct command, but almost.

I was tempted to say no, just to show him he couldn't order me around, but damn it, I wanted to sing with him. I was sure, in the same way I knew when I was a nailing song just right, Chase and I would sound incredible together. My deep alto voice would provide a perfect counterpoint to his powerful tenor.

We would make beautiful music together, I thought. I had to suppress a naughty giggle, because the thought had nothing at all to do with singing.

"I would love to," I said, as I took the slip from his fingers.

Our fingers touched when I grabbed it from him, and I felt again an electric current zapping through my entire body from that one split-second contact.

If I felt such electricity from just our fingers touching, then dear god, what would it feel like to have his hands on my tits? Pinching my n**ples and slipping his fingers into my-

I actually, literally gasped as I forced the thought from my mind. Chase was still gazing at me, and now the gleam of lust was bearing down on me full force, unmistakable and undeniable and focused on me.

"Stop looking at me like that," I said.

"Like what?" His voice was pitched low so only I could hear, even though with the fill music pounding from the speakers he could have spoken in a yell and no one would have heard. He spoke low on purpose, so I'd have to get closer to him.

It worked, and I wasn't protesting.

"Like you want me."

His eyes sparked and flashed, and the corners of his luscious mouth tipped up in a smirk. "Oh, but I do."

"You can't," I said.

"Why not?"

"Because I'm-" I started, and then had to cut myself off and grab for the mic, because the fill song had ended and the next number was up and needed introducing.

I read the name and song title, my brain working on autopilot. Chase was still standing there, his brow furrowed in a frown. When I sat back down, he moved to rejoin me, but had to step aside for a line of people making song requests. I had to push him from my mind after that, busy with sorting CDs and prompter tracks and announcing songs, and by the time I looked out at the crowd again, he was gone.

I took my break at midnight, slipping outside to the deserted alley behind the bar with a bottle of beer. This was my quiet time, my five or ten minutes away from the crush of the crowd to gather my thoughts and let my nerves settle. It was a dark, narrow alley, lit by a single light hanging from a string between adjacent buildings, shedding sickly orange light and long shadows. I leaned a shoulder against the rough brick of the bar's exterior wall and sipped my beer.

"You never put our song in the line-up." Chase's voice came from behind me.

I squealed, whirling around with my fist flying. The Dive was in an area where it didn't pay to let your guard down. I'm not a small girl, and I know how to punch. I've flattened men before, with my fists and with pool sticks and with beer bottles. I've knocked teeth loose and caused concussions. I'm not a brawler, but I can take care of myself against most men.

Chase caught my fist easily. He held my closed fist in his for a moment, then curled his fingers around my wrist and pulled me to him.

His other hand drifted up as he slowly and inexorably dragged me against his chest.

I flinched away from him, trying to get away from his hand, which I was sure held a knife, but then I realized it was empty and merely reaching for my face. The backs of his fingers brushed my cheek, and then he wrapped his hand around the nape of my neck and pulled my lips against his.

His kiss made my knees buckle. He was still holding my wrist up near our faces, as if worried I might haul off and hit him for kissing me. I thought about it. I really did. This guy was trouble. He just wanted me because he thought I'd be easy, and desperate. A lot of guys assumed that, and a lot of guys had gotten a rude awakening.

But Chase, the way he was kissing me...it didn't feel like a guy who assumed he'd be in my pants. He was kissing me like he hoped he'd be in my pants, like he was working to get there, and I really liked how it felt.

His fingers loosened on my wrists, and I tugged my hand free. I didn't hit him. I let my arm drape across his shoulders, and my fingers tangled in the soft, dark hair on his neck.

He groaned, a low, animal sound in the very bottom of his throat, a primal growl that had my belly trembling. I wanted to hear that sound again, wanted to feel the power of his voice and know that I'd caused it. So, naturally, I grabbed his ass.

Oh, my sweet Lord. The man's ass was a perfect globe of muscle, and I swear it was made to fit in my hands. Once I had a hold on that fine piece of leather-cupped flesh, I couldn't let go. I was actually factually electrified as if I'd grabbed a high-voltage wire.

His chuckle was the same amused leonine rumble of pleasure, but laced with amusement. He slipped his hand from my neck and let it trace a sensuous, teasing line down my back to rest just above the swell of my hip, no more sexual a touch than if we were dancing in a club. I curved my spine into his palm.

Our kiss broke for a moment, and he pulled his face back to meet my eyes. His hands slipped down to grasp my buttocks, watching my reaction. I pressed into him, lifted up on my toes so he could get a better grip on me.

He kissed me again, and this time it wasn't a kiss meant to surprise, like the first two, quick and hard and shocking, all lips and startling power and zero finesse. This time, he kissed me slowly, languorous and deliberate and skillful. He let our lips meet, and then he slipped his tongue out to touch my teeth and explore the contours of my mouth, the corner where my upper and lower lips met, the hollow beneath my tongue, and then farther in to slide along the surface of my tongue.

I moaned, then, a soft murmur of my vocal chords. Chase tugged my h*ps flush against his, and I felt a hard length between us. It was only a bulge against the leather of his pants, but it was enough to get me wetter than a rainforest between my legs.

My hands circled around away from his ass to slip between us, reaching to unbutton his pants. Even through his pants I could tell the man was endowed like a god.

"Just a taste." The words actually came out of my mouth.

"You can have more than a taste, sweetness," Chase said.

I didn't think he realized I was talking about his cock.

"I didn't mean your lips," I said.

What the hell is wrong with me? My brain seemed to be disconnected from the rest of me.

Chase pulled away long enough to meet my eyes. "I know," was all he said, giving me the smirk, that stupid, knowing quirk of his lips.

I wanted to wipe it off his face, either with my fist or my lips. I wasn't sure which. He was touching me and kissing me like he owned me, and it infuriated me and intoxicated me at the same time.

Intoxication had the upper hand, by far.

My hand found his stomach, and rested there as I warred with myself over whether or not I could bring myself to touch him farther down. I wanted to, of course I did, but I wasn't that kind of girl. I just wasn't. I was the girl that let guys convince her into bed. I didn't pursue them, because that never went well.

But Chase was pursuing me, wasn't he? That was the argument the horny side of me offered up. It was starting to sound like the logical side of me too, which was odd. Usually the horny side and the logical side were telling me exact opposite things. So, when they started agreeing with each other, I listened.

I snuck my fingers underneath his shirt to touch his stomach, and the slab of muscle my hands found was ribbed and cut into deliciously soft yet hard divots and squares. It was a tempting playground, and normally I'd jump at the opportunity to rub my hands on Chase's abs, but right then I was in search of another, more dangerous place to explore.

The leather was rough and pebbled under my fingers as I dragged my hand south from his stomach to the waistband of his pants. The bulge was growing larger as my hands neared it, and I felt a tremble in his hands on my hips, the merest leaf-shake of his fingers, but it was enough. He wanted it, too. I mean, of course he did. He's a guy. All guys want their cocks touched.

But this was different, right? He wanted me to touch him. And it was right there, waiting for me. Sure, I didn't even know his last name, but here was this ridiculously gorgeous guy decked out in leather pants with a ripped body and what promised to be a deliciously enormous package, and he was all but claiming me as his, if only for tonight.

I found the button and slipped it through to let the tight pants spread apart, and then drew the zipper down, forcing myself to go slow, because you can't rush beauty. Then there was a thin layer of stretchy cotton between my hands and his cock, just black DKNY boxer-briefs that didn't stand a chance against my daring fingers. The bulge sprang free and I pulled the band of the boxers away from his belly to get a glimpse of the glory contained therein.

Fuck me sideways! The man is hung like a p*rn star! It was too good to be true, surely. He would let me get a glimpse, maybe let me suck him off-which I would gladly do right there and then-but that would be it. No way he'd take me back to his place and f**k me proper.

Determined not to let such a golden opportunity go to waste, I touched him with my forefinger, just one reverent brush of the pad of my finger along the pre-come-glistening tip. He gasped, sucked in his belly and throbbed his h*ps into my hand.

Oh, oh, oh my god.

Touching his c*ck was like eating chips; I couldn't stop after just one. I had to have more, had to get both hands around him, and yes, he was a two-hand man. Maybe even two and half, because for a big girl I have small hands. I wrapped my fingers around his girth and shoved his boxers farther down with the heel of my hand so I could fit my other palm around him.

He sucked in his breath and arched his back. "God, Anna. You're driving me crazy."

"I like hearing you say my name." I didn't mean to say that, but it slipped out, and Chase didn't seem to mind.

"Anna," he gasped.

I smeared his pre-come on his c*ck with a hand-over-hand motion, and he writhed into my grip. He was nearly there, about to explode on my hands, and I wasn't about to stop. He put his hands on my ribcage, just beneath my br**sts.

"Yes," I whispered, "touch my tits."

I felt the veins of his shaft pulsing under my touch. I dug one of my hands into his pants and cupped his heavy, tight testicles as I continued to work his length with the other hand. He was bucking up and down with his entire body, bending his knees and thrusting up with his entire torso, driving his c*ck through my slippery grip. His eyes were hooded and his breathing was coming in desperate gasps.

I was determined to make sure he damn well never forgot this experience, even if it was all we'd ever have together. I didn't care about getting off myself, momentarily; I knew I could go home and break out Mr. Pinky McVibrator and use this memory to come at least once, if not twice. I was multi-orgasmic, if only with myself. No guy had ever made me come more than once, and most never did at all.

"Anna, wait," Chase gasped, trying to back away. "This wasn't...I wanted to-with you-"

I didn't let him get away. He curled in over his stomach and clenched his muscles; I knew it was time. I dropped to my knees, wrapped my lips around his head and sucked for all I was worth. He couldn't speak, couldn't move, couldn't do anything but thrust his c*ck into my mouth and shoot his load into me. He shot, and he shot, and he shot, and I took it all, tasting the smoky, salty thickness against my tongue and my throat and for once not minding at all, for once actually understanding those girls who claim to love giving head.

I'll do it, every once in a while, just to make the guy feel good and to remind him who had the power, but I'd never enjoyed it before. I didn't dislike it, I just wasn't a "hooray, I'm sucking cock" kind of girl.

But Chase...oh, he came beautifully. He stretched his mouth wide and arched his back, fluttering his lovely, pulsing c*ck into me, holding back, restraining himself from cramming himself down the back of my throat.

When I'd milked him of every last drop, I tucked him back into his DKNY boxers, zipped up his pants and buttoned him up.

"You have a beautiful cock," I told him, rising to my feet, "and you taste good too."

I kissed him once, a fast, hard crush of the lips.

"Thanks for a good time, Chase," I said.

And with that, I turned and made my exit.

"Wait," Chase growled, grabbing my arm. "You can't just leave. That wasn't what I-"

I kept moving, despite his grip on my arm. "I have to finish my set."

He grabbed my other arm, then, and pulled me forcefully back around to face him.

"I wasn't done with you yet."

I yanked my arm free, starting to angry that he'd ruined my exit, and was in the process of ruining my memory of him. "Let go, Chase. You got what you wanted, didn't you? I've got to go back to work."

Chase's eyes narrowed and his brows furrowed. "I didn't ask you to do that."

I gritted my teeth. "Yeah, I know. You didn't ask for it, not in so many words, but guys like you know how to get what you want without asking for it. Especially from girls like me."

"Guys like me." Chase frowned and squeezed my arm hard enough to make me wince.

"Yeah. Guys like you. Talented, gorgeous, guys who can get anyone they want."

"How do you know what I want? And what do you mean by girls like you?"

I absolutely refused to answer that question. Storming out of the alley towards the front door, I rounded the corner just as my partner Jeff came looking for me. I haven't mentioned my partner yet, have I? Jeff...a stable, steady guy, a good business partner, better-than-average looking, and a great singer. We DJed together, splitting the profits and making quite a bundle. We'd never been more than friends and partners, even though I knew he had a crush on me. I wasn't willing to go there with him, not with all his baby-mama-drama. He and his baby mama, Amanda, were the on-again, off-again type of couple, and I didn't want any of that mess.

"Everyone's waiting, Anna," Jeff said. He knew me well enough to see I was upset. "Is everything okay?"

I was glad he hadn't come around the corner twenty seconds earlier; he wouldn't have done or said anything, but it would have hurt him to see me doing that to Chase, and I didn't want to lose a good partner.

"I'm fine, Jeff. Don't worry about it." I turned him by the shoulders and pushed him back through the front door of The Dive.

"Anna, wait." I felt Chase's hand on my arm. I spun around with my fist flying.

Of course, he caught it like he had the first time. Thank god, Jeff was already inside, so he didn't see anything.

"Chase, seriously. We both know the score here."

"There's no score. Don't be like this. What you did felt great, better than great, but that wasn't what I was going for. I don't know why you're getting so upset, all of a sudden. I like you, I want-"

"Anna, let's go!" Jeff stuck his head out the door, saw me stumble as Chase told me he liked me.

"Hey, listen, buddy, I don't know what your game is, but Anna's not interested." Jeff thrust his chest out and strutted towards Chase, thinking he was defending me. Jeff was sweet, meant well, and was obviously fearless, since Chase was several inches taller and several pounds of muscle heavier.

I pushed Jeff back inside. "It's fine, Jeff. He's not bothering me. He was just leaving."

Chase's face darkened. "No I wasn't." He strode past me, ignoring Jeff completely. "You owe me a song, at least."

Jeff raised an eyebrow at me, and I shrugged, stifling a sigh.

We sang "Broken" by Seether and Amy Lee. I couldn't hold on to my conflicted feelings, not with Chase's dulcet growl braiding perfectly with my voice. The bar was silent as we sang, even the bartenders going still to watch. Tension rippled in palpable waves between Chase and I, propelling our performance into overdrive.

Sometimes while performing time itself seems to stop when you hit your notes just right. The music glides between the pores of your skin to bubble through your veins in place of blood, and you can't help but clutch the mic with both trembling hands and let the song flow out of you like blood from a wound. In those moments, when the music has replaced everything and even awareness of your own body has faded, you can't even breathe, can't do anything but let the song own you, let the performance rocket through you. There's no people, no problems in your life, no buzz of alcohol in your blood or pain in your heart. Sharing that moment with another person...it's more intimate than sex. You and the other person lock eyes, bend at the waist to belt the notes into the mic and invisible sun-hot flames burn between you, linking you. You could be the only two souls alive in the world.

When the song ended, I was exhausted, feeling as wrung out as if Chase and I had just gone three rounds in bed. The tension was thick enough to cut with a knife, and neither of us knew how to approach it. The chemistry required to share a song like Chase and I just had, that was rare. You could harmonize perfectly with someone, and even give great performances together-like Jeff and I did every week-but to be able to join your souls together for the length of a song, and interpret the music and lyrics to have deeply personal meaning...you just didn't come across that every day.

The next several numbers felt flat, even to me. The rest of the bar seemed to feel it, reluctant to take the stage and sing, not when the memory of Chase's and my song still rang loud in the small space.

Eventually, a chant began. "Sing, Sing, Sing...."

The whole bar caught on, until the chant was echoing off the ceiling and the patrons pushed Chase and I onto the stage.

Jeff, ever the professional, stuck in a CD and sat back in the shadows.

When the first notes pounded from the speakers, Chase and I rolled our eyes and sighed in tandem. Jeff had put on "I'd Do Anything For Love (But I Won't Do That)" by Meatloaf.

We killed it. No one could breathe, and I think I saw a few teary eyes as Chase and I sang, the roiling emotions between us ratcheting up even further with every note. I hated Jeff for putting on this song. I was trying SO hard not get attached, not to let my emotions lead me to a broken heart, which I knew was all that waited for me on the other side of anything with Chase.

The crowd went wild when the last note faded. We held hands and bowed, as if we were on stage at Harpos.

Jeff put on fill music and I vanished out the side door. Chase followed, of course.

"Chase, I can't-"

"Come home with me."

We spoke at the same time, and I was so shocked by his words that I could only stop, stunned. Then he kissed me. You know how in The Princess Bride it says in the history of the world there's only been five truly great kisses? Well, this one blew them all away. Yes, I know that's the next line from the movie, but I've never thought the kiss between Westley and Buttercup was all that great, for one thing, and for another, this kiss between Chase and I...the stars froze in the sky, and the moon went dark, and all the world stopped and stared, awed at the sheer, breathtaking passion blazing between us.

At least, that's how it felt to me.

When we broke apart, Chase pulled a business card from his back pocket which already had his address scribbled on it in neat, blocky capital letters. No phone number or email address, just his physical house address.

"I'm going home," Chase said. "If you'd like to know what I want to do with you, come over after your set. If you don't show up, you'll never see or hear from me again. It's up to you."

I took the card in trembling fingers. "Chase...I..."

He kissed me again to cut me off. "It's up to you, Anna. If you're too afraid, I'll understand. Just remember, you never know what's possible until you risk finding out."

And then he was gone, roaring away on a sleek black Ducati motorcycle.

* * *

I stood on the sidewalk in front of Chase's house. It was a modest one-story ranch-style home, a square of grass in front, a detached garage, cracked driveway and a tasteful lamppost in front. The front porch light was on, despite the fact that it was past three in the morning.

I forced my feet to leave the sidewalk and take the steps up to the front door. My finger hesitated on the doorbell, and then, with closed eyes and a hammering heart, I pushed it.

Chase was at the door within seconds, still in his leather pants but without his shirt.

Holy hell. I'd felt the muscles of his stomach, had seen his biceps, but nothing could prepare me for the sight that greeted me through the storm door. Pure male perfection, cut muscles defined with artistic clarity, dusky skin taut and hairless, inked across the pectorals and biceps with stunning full-color red dragon wrapping entirely around his torso, writhing with every breath, every shifting of his muscles.

I froze, unable to tear my eyes away. Chase opened the door, took me by the hand, and pulled me in. He'd meant for me to move past him, but I landed pressed against his hot skin and bulky muscles, hands slipping and sliding across his broad shoulders and ridged back, around to his sides and then his chest.

"Why am I here?" I breathed.

Chase grinned down at me. "Can't you guess?" He pulled me into the house, closing the front door with his foot.

I shook my head. "Nope. I'm a terrible guesser." I pressed my lips to his shoulder blade, and then his neck. "Are we here for pretzels? I am a little drunk."

"You don't seem drunk," Chase said. His hands were resting on my hips, letting me kiss his skin.

"Not drunk, then. Tipsy. Enough to wonder if this is real."

"It's real." He dragged his fingers through my hair, wrapping his fist into it near the nape of my neck.

He tilted my head backward so I was looking up at him, lips parted in anticipation of his kiss.

"I must be dreaming," I said.

He kissed me, and it wasn't quite the kiss he'd given me in the parking lot a few hours ago, but it was close.

"Your lips don't feel like a dream." He ran his strong hands across my mini-skirted backside. "Your ass doesn't feel like a dream. It feels real enough to me."

"Are you sure? There's an awful lot of fabric in the way," I said.

"True. We should fix that." Chase's fingers explored the skirt until he found the zipper, tugged it down, slipped his hands between the skirt and my skin to push it down.

His hands on my bare skin felt like tongues of fire along my flesh. I couldn't help a moan from escaping my lips. Chase buried his nose against my neck at the sound, digging his fingers into the flesh of my ass. I was wearing a thong, a bit of blue fabric across my vag with a few strings around my h*ps and down my asscrack. He traced the line of the strings, dipping down between the globes of my butt to cup each cheek, then up to my stomach.

"Lift your arms up," he said.

I complied without thinking. He was commanding me, and I normally hated being ordered around, but the gentle promise in his voice had me raising my hands over my head. He drew my shirt over my head, leaving me standing in the middle of his living room clad in only a matching bra and panties. Chase stepped back away from me.

"God, you're beautiful," he said.

"Okay, sure. Shut up and kiss me again."

"I want to look at you first." Chase stopped just out of arm's reach. "You're a goddess."

I rolled my eyes. "Yeah, right." I planted my hand on my hip and put my weight on one leg, posing for him even as my mouth betrayed me.

Chase went from gazing appreciatively to gripping my arms in anger within the space of an eyeblink. "You're beautiful. You're perfect. I wouldn't change a thing about you."

"You're hurting my arms," I said. "You're sweet, but I"m a bit self-conscious about my size."

Chase loosened his grip, but didn't let go. His eyes bored into mine. "Never, ever say that about yourself again, Anna. You. Are. Beautiful." He stepped into me, and now his skin was brushing against mine, the leather of his pants rough against my legs, his bulge hard and thick against my stomach.

He took me by the hands and led me down a short, narrow hallway to the master bedroom, a simple, tasteful space, light and airy and masculine, neat and smelling of candles.

He'd lit candles. The man had lit candles. A dozen of them on his dresser and on the trunk at the foot of his bed. I melted.

"Why are you doing this for me?" The words were choked from my lips.

Chase kept pulling me towards the wide bed, covered with a simple comforter and a few pillows. "Because I like you. Because I want you. Because you deserve it."

"No I don't. Not with you."

"Why not?" He stopped pulling and stood holding my hands.

I couldn't meet his gaze, kept my head down and stared at his bare feet. "Because I'm..." I drew a deep breath and forced the words past quivering lips. "Because I'm...a big girl."

Chase's fingers clenched mine, and his eyes went from fiery with lust to wavering with sudden understanding and something awfully like compassion.

"Big?" His voice was incredulous. "You think I couldn't want this with you, just because you're not a size zero. Unbelievable."

He kissed my shoulder, the right one, on the round curve where my arm began.

"You're perfect the way you are, Anna. You're a work of art." He kissed my chest, just above my left breast. "Don't ever, ever change. Don't ever let anyone tell you you're anything less than a glorious, beautiful sex goddess. Look at me, Anna." His voice was gentle, but firm. He touched my chin and forced me to obey. His eyes were burning with the fiery lust once more. "Listen to me."

"No. Just shut up and f**k me already." I looked away, watched a candle flicker.

"I don't want to f**k you, Anna. I mean, I do, but I want more to do so much more than that."

"Don't mess with me, Chase. This is supposed to be easy. I know what this is. It's sex. One night of hot monkey sex, and then you go back to your life with a sexy little skinny bitch who you get it on with in all sorts of hot positions I could never do."

"You don't know shit, if that's what you think."

The tone in his voice pulled my eyes up to his once more.

"I don't even know your last name," I said.

"Delany." He unhooked my bra with one dexterous hand.

He brushed the shoulder straps off and the bra fell into his waiting hand. He set it aside and gazed at my br**sts.

"Chase Delany," I whispered, as he leaned in towards me.

"That's me. And what's your last name, sweetness?" He put his lips on my chest, an inch beneath my throat, and I instinctively arched into his hot, wet mouth.

"Devine."

He stopped at looked up at me. "Seriously? Your name is Anna Devine?" His mouth returned to my flesh, and this time his lips found the rising mound of my breast. "You really are a sex goddess, then, Anna Devine."

"I'm not. I'm-"

He straightened and his gaze nearly knocked me over in its intensity. "Say it." He took one my tits in his hand, hefting the significant weight of my thirty-eight triple D breast, then the other, running the pad of his thumb across my taut n**ples. "Say it, Anna Devine. Say, 'I'm a sex goddess.'"

I met his gaze, steady and hard, and pressed my lips together.

His eyes twinkled. "You'll say it. You'll say it before I'm through with you."

He knelt down in front of me, staring up at me through the mountains of my br**sts, his hands around my waist to rest on the swell of my ass. His fingers curled through the strings of my thong and he drew it down over my hips, dragging it slowly, never taking his eyes off me.

Oh Lord, I thought, as he brought the panties down past my knees. He is not...no...he can't be serious...oh sweet Jesus, he is.

His tongue ran up my inner thigh to the hollow where my hip met my leg. My muscles twitched and my breath caught. He kissed my belly, low, just above the mound of my p**sy. He was still gazing up at me, even as his tongue dipped down to run up the other side of my thigh, brushing just past my labia once more.

"What are you doing?" I put my hands in his hair, meaning to tug him up.

"Worshipping a goddess."

He smiled at me, then pushed at my thigh with gentle, insistent fingers. My stance widened on its own, my legs spreading apart to give him access.

His nimble, probing, licking tongue swiped up between my lower lips, a wet heat against my most sensitive area. I couldn't even gasp, then. He pressed his mouth to my opening and his tongue flicked in, darting against my clit, a single tender brush, but it was enough to make my legs buckle. His arms went back up and circled my waist, supporting me. I put my hands on his thick shoulders and threw my head back as his tongue went back in, and this time stayed in. He licked in slow, lazy, wide circles around the cluster of nerves, sending shockwaves through my body. I moaned. I couldn't help it, not with his tongue drawing from my trembling loins an ecstasy I'd never known existed.

The slow circles tightened and sped up, and the shockwaves narrowed in waveform, rolling over me until I was dipping my knees at each pulse of his tongue against my flesh, pressing my mound against his rough stubble, his powerful arms supporting me.

I cried out, a rasping whimper, and went limp. He caught me, lifted me, actually factually lifted me clear off the ground and onto the bed before I could catch my breath. And then, before the world stopped spinning, he was holding my legs apart, resting my knees on his shoulders and spearing his tongue into me once more, relentless, merciless.

I was on the verge of blowing apart in his hands when he abruptly stopped, disappeared. I made a mewling noise in protestation.

"Will you trust me?" Chase's voice came from above me.

I fluttered my eyes open to see Chase holding a necktie in each hand. I knew what he was planning, and I was torn between terror and excitement.

He seemed to understand my hesitation. "If you start to panic for real, just say, 'Chase, please stop.' Three words, and I'll untie you immediately."

I nodded and held my hands out to him. Chase grinned, a wicked smile of anticipation. He tossed the ties on the pillow at the head of the bed, took my h*ps in his hands and flipped me over to my stomach. I gasped, shocked. He had tossed me like I was nothing, and it had simultaenously made my heart pitter patter in awe, and made my p**sy go wet all over again. I was still feeling waves of pleasure from his earlier attentions, and now, with one movement, I was anticipating more.

He took my hands in one of his and tugged me forward so I was forced to crawl with him to the headboard. He took one of my hands and used the necktie to bind my wrist to the post. I tugged on it, but couldn't pull it loose. He did the same to the other hand, and now I was captive for him, hands bound in front of me.

"Put your knees underneath you," he said. I did as he told me. "Spread them apart. Let me see all of you."

My heart was hammering in my chest, but I did as he instructed, spreading my knees as far apart as they would go, lowering my chest to the bed so my nether regions were exposed to him. Chase rumbled in his chest, a noise of appreciation that made me tremble and gush even wetter. I felt his weight press the bed down, and then I felt a warm, calloused palm brush across my backside, caressing and then probing towards my core, finding my p**sy with two fingers and stroking the lips, only brushing them at first. I let out my breath in a gasp and tried to twist around to look at him, but he stilled me with a hand on my spine.

"Don't look. Close your eyes and let me touch you," Chase said, and he pressed a finger to my clit, stifling any words I might have said.

I closed my eyes and laid my forehead to the blanket beneath me, losing myself in sensation. I had been so close to coming not long ago, and now, with a few strokes of his fingers I was there again.

I felt him lie down and his hair tickled me; just as I wondered what he was doing I felt his tongue hit me again. He lay underneath me with his mouth pressed against my p**sy, breathing into me, hot air blowing against me and eliciting a long gasp. Then his tongue licked upwards into me, found my cl*t and swirled it, circled around it, pushed against it, and now the explosions began once more, rocketing through me. I moved into him, rocking my body into the growing orgasm.

The shockwaves were so close together now they were indecipherable from each other, a single cresting, crashing tidal wave. The tsunami broke and I came with a shriek, my inner muscles clenching as pure, sinful pleasure washed through me in a flood.

He didn't relent with my cry, though. He kept licking and spearing, putting two fingers inside me and curling up to find my G-spot. Light exploded behind my eyes as explosions continued to rock my body, one after another, a thrilling detonation for every swipe of his tongue against my damp nub, a billowing concussion for every caress of his fingers against the rough patch of skin deep inside my walls.

I curled in, knees tight, fingers gripping the ties with white knuckles as I came and came and came, and still he didn't give in. I had to beg him to stop so I could catch my breath, so I could let my muscles release.

"I've...I've never had so many orgasms...before," I said, collapsed face-down on the bed.

"You haven't even started to come for me," Chase said.

"No, I mean I've never had so many orgasms before, ever. Combined, in all my life." I arched my back as he caressed my spine. "At least, not that weren't self-induced."

"Then we'll have to make sure you lose count," he said.

I craned my neck over my shoulder. "I want to see you," I said. "Let me touch you."

"I'm not ready for that yet."

"Just one hand? So I can feel you? Please." I didn't mind begging.

Chase slipped off the bed and moved around to the headboard. He untied one of my hands and stood beside me, just within reach. I ran my hand down his torso, marveling at the cords and ridges of muscle. I'd found my breath, and now my own lust was boiling over. I wanted to feel him, needed to see him nude before me. I'd seen him earlier, but that was with his pants still on. I needed them off, so I could see him in all his glory. The button and zipper were undone in a single jerking motion. I tugged the pants down. They were tight and didn't want to cooperate, especially with one hand, but I got them off and he was standing in front of me, a tiny bit of black fabric stretched tight across his waist. He was huge in his boxers, and I licked my lips at the memory of him in my mouth.

Just another taste.

"You can taste me all you want," Chase said, and I realized I'd spoken aloud.

I dug underneath the elastic to touch his hip, pushed the boxers down and I gripped his muscular ass with my one free hand. The waistband caught on his engorged tip, and I pulled the fabric away from his c*ck to get them down around his thighs. His shaft was standing at attention, bobbing against his stomach as he breathed. He was nak*d, then, and I could only stare.

"God, you are so gorgeous," I said.

Eight-pack abs, broad pectoral muscles and thick arms, a perfect V leading down to his cock, which was, in a word, perfect. His legs were like tree trunks, his ass a wonderland of muscle and flesh, his hair a sweep of black inky strands, his face a symmetrical sculpture of angles and planes, hard and masculine. And his eyes, deep, dark brown, almost black, glittering orbs of expression.

I took in his beauty, drinking him in as I couldn't ever get enough. But, inevitably, my gaze was drawn back to his cock, which was just begging to be touched, held, kissed. I reached for him, let myself explore his length with my fingers and palm.

He closed his eyes as I touched him, moving his h*ps in imperceptible rolls. I watched as the hole at the tip began to leak clear fluid under my ministrations.

He tried to pull away. "I can't take it, not without exploding all over you."

"What if I want you to?" I drew him closer by his cock. "What if I want you to come all over me? Is that what you want? To come on my face? On my tits?"

I moved my hand on him in an increasing rhythm as his h*ps began to buck. His eyes flew open and he stepped away.

"No." He forced my hands away from his throbbing cock. "I don't want that. Not yet, anyway. I want to be inside you."

He re-tied my hand to the bedpost, climbed onto the bed behind me and took my h*ps in his hands, his heat radiating into my skin, our bodies pressed together in a delicious point of contact at my bottom. He was poised to spear into me, but he hesitated once more.

"Chase, please," I heard myself say. I wanted him inside me. I didn't care if I had to beg to get it.

"First things first." He leaned over to the bedside table and opened a drawer, pulled out a string of condoms and ripped one free.

"I'm on the pill and I'm clean."

He froze. "I'm clean too, but even the pill isn't-"

"I'm not worried," I said. He still hesitated. "Just take me. Please."

He leaned over me, his hard length pressed along the crease of my buttocks. He reached around my body to caress my br**sts with both hands, his palms brushing my n**ples, sending lightning thrills through me. Still on my knees, I hunched my back and rocked my h*ps backwards into his.

He settled back on his knees, probed the entrance of my p**sy with one hand and guided himself in with other, finally gaving me what I so badly wanted: his incredible god-cock, deep inside me, his strokes slow and gentle and careful.

"Oh...my...god..." I breathed, as he drew out, fluttered at my entrance, and then plunged back in. "Chase...don't stop, please."

"Never, never" he said, his words rhythmed to the crush of his shaft into me. "God, you feel so good, so goddamned perfect."

He plunged deep inside me, ground his h*ps against my ass, leaning over me again. One of his hands pinched my nipple, rolled it between two fingers, the other on my hip, encouraging me into him.

His thrusts were deliberately measured, mere pulsations of h*ps against mine as if he too was fighting for control. I didn't want control. I didn't want him to be able to keep the rhythmic pace he was setting. I wanted to make him wild, to make him break loose with insanity.

I abandoned all pretense. "Don't hold back," I told him. "I'm not delicate. You won't break me."

He responded with fingers diving down to find my clitoris and drive me even wilder. The explosions began in my belly, spread to my lungs and my toes, and then to my inner muscles, and last to my brain. The intensity of this orgasm, with him flush against me, muscles surrounding me in walls of strength and heat and man, with Chase gasping in my ear, whispering my name...it put all other sensations in my life to shame.

I saw the heavens, felt pure ecstasy, unadulterated glory. I whimpered as the cli**x began, and then, when he kept pushing into me, the whimpers turned to moans, and the moans to sobs, and then, at the full, furious apex of wonder and joy bursting through my body and soul, I screamed.

He wasn't done yet.

He untied me. I moved to lie down on my back, but Chase only shook his his head. I remained on my hands and knees, waiting for him to tell me what he wanted.

He lay down on his back. "Ride me, Anna."

I shook my head. He pinched a nipple between his fingers and tugged me toward him until the twinge of pain had me moving astride him, settling my weight on him gradually.

I let myself sit there for a moment, but then he moved his h*ps and I tried to move off of him. He held me in place.

"Chase, no, let me down. I could hurt you."

He just grinned and lifted me up by my h*ps and impaled me onto him, thrusting deep, silencing my gasps as he began to push me back up the peak towards cli**x once more, and I couldn't help but move my h*ps to match him.

"I'm not delicate," he said. "You won't break me."

"Yes I will," I said.

But I didn't move to get off him. I couldn't stop myself. I'd never been like this with a man. No one had ever been brave enough to try this with me, or strong enough. But Chase, oh, the man held me in place and rocked into me, and his grunting and gasping drove me wild. He lost control, his c*ck throbbing into me in wild pulses. His head tilted back and his eyes closed, his hands reaching for my tits again and fondling them and lifting them; he arched his back, and used the strength of his core to lift me off the bed with each thrust. I took him, all of him, swallowing his immense size with each downward crush of my h*ps onto him.

He opened his eyes and watched me, his lips curling in a wicked smile of satisfaction.

"Yes, yes," he groaned, driving into me with each syllable. "Just like this. God, god, oh god, Anna, yes. Oh, I'm so close now."

I was at cli**x again, and I leaned forward, put my hands on his chest and let my weight fall on his shoulders. Something deep inside me shifted, then, as he supported me with just his body, holding me off the bed with his h*ps and his hands and his shoulders, coursing into me, wild and abandoned to the passion flaming between us.

I lost myself to him, then. I drowned myself in the crashing ocean of pleasure.

He gripped my h*ps in bruising fingers to drag me down onto him harder and harder with each thrust of his cock.

Time slowed and stopped then, as I felt his muscles tense and clench around me, felt his c*ck tighten and release. He roared, a bellow of male pleasure, and I felt the hot jet of his seed wash through me, a pulse of liquid and a thrust, a growl, and then he rocked again, filling me with yet more seed, and now I was exploding on top of him, coming apart in his hands. I fell forward and our lips met as we cli**xed together, my inner muscles clamping around his still-thrusting, still-coming shaft.

Then I completely and totally lost it, overcome by sheer orgasmic pleasure and by fear and wonder and abandonment. He was shuddering into me, all pretense of rhythm lost as he gasped ragged inbreaths, and long quaking outbreaths. His arms wrapped around my back and neck and clutched me to him.

"Say it," he breathed into my ear.

He was still shuddering, and I felt a thrill of power knowing I'd done that to him.

"I am a sex goddess." I said the words, one syllable at a time, starting to feel it.

"Yes, yes...you are. You're my sex goddess." Chase kissed my throat and my shoulder and my chin and my forehead, holding me in his powerful arms.

"Tell me in two words who you are," he said. "Start there."

I shook my head, calming now, but still shuddering with sobs and aftershocks.

"Tell me," he said.

The words came unbidden. "Big. A singer."

He shook his head. "You're not big. You're perfect."

"I know what I am. I can't change it, and I'm fine with that."

"You're perfect the way you are. I made love to you as you are."

Goddamn it. I shook my head and a fat tear plopped onto his chest.

"What are you so afraid of? Why can't you believe what I'm saying? Not every guy in the world likes women to be stick figures. Not every guy in the world want his woman to be all skin and bones. I happen to like your softness and curves, just like I like your attitude, and your style. I like the way you screamed when you came for me."

He pressed his mouth to my ear. The next words he spoke broke me.

"I made love to you, Anna Devine. I made love to a goddess." I scrambled off the bed, shaking my head at him. "I mean it, Anna. I mean every word."

He stretched out a hand, and I shrank away, but he touched me anyway, and the same electric spark shot through me as the first time our hands had touched.

He pulled me toward him until his broad chest was pillowing my face, and the soft thump-thump of his heart beat was all I could hear.

I slept better than I had in all my life.

* * *

I woke the following afternoon to an empty bed and a house smelling like coffee and bacon and sex.

I found Chase sitting with a cup of coffee in one hand, his cell phone in the other, and a grim look on his face.

"What is it?" I asked. "What's wrong?"

"It's complicated," he said, getting up to make me a cup of coffee. "I just heard from my agent. My band is getting signed to a major record label."

I sat down next to him and sipped the coffee. "Then what's with the sad face?"

He set his phone down and covered my hand with his. "I have to be in New York by tomorrow afternoon. I'm not sure when, if ever, I'll be back."

Then I understood. He had to leave me. I nodded slowly.

"I get it." I scalded my mouth on the coffee.

"This was the phone call I've been waiting for my whole life," he said, staring at the phone as if it had betrayed him. "And up until a week ago, it would have been the best news of my life. Then I met you."

I squeezed his hand. "It still is the best news of your life. Don't let me...don't let some random girl you had sex with stop you from being happy about this. I'll be fine. I knew all along this would be one-time thing."

He glared at me, eyes hard but wavering with emotion. "But I didn't. God, Anna, I wish you could see yourself like I see you. You're not just some random girl I had sex with."

I couldn't face the emotion in his voice, how fraught with tension he was. I gathered my clothes, dressed in the bathroom, and found my purse.

"Thanks for a great time, Chase. Congratulations, and good luck in New York." I didn't turn to look at him as I spoke.

I opened the door, pushed open the storm door and took a step out, and then his next words froze me solid.

"Come with me," he said.

