CHAPTER ONE

"You can't just quit school!"

"Why not?"

"Because you can't!"

"That's some very interesting logical reasoning you have there, Julian." Shannon crossed her arms.

"Because if you quit, you'll never get your degree."

"I'll just take a year off! Not even a year! A semester! Only one semester."

"Look, I know how this happens," Julian said. "You say that now, and then you'll say it again next year-"

"Just because your mom didn't go back to school doesn't mean I won't," Shannon snapped.

Julian's silent fuming filled the small room. Shannon's suitcase lay on the bed, half-packed.

"You asked me to come with you," Shannon said, her voice lowering dangerously. Her fury was beginning to match her disappointment.

"I want you to come," Julian said. "But I wasn't thinking. This is more important."

"You don't get to decide what's more important!" Shannon threw a shirt across the room, where it hit the wall and fell softly to the floor.

"Well, that was anticlimactic," Julian said matter-of-factly. "You should try a glass vase next time."

"Straight at your head." Shannon plopped down next to her suitcase, tears filling her eyes.

Julian came over and wrapped his arms around her.

"Shannon, I'm sorry," Julian said. "I wasn't thinking when I opened my big mouth. But I don't want you to quit school just to follow my stupid band around."

"I'm going to tell Alex you called Wilder Side stupid," Shannon said, wiping her eyes.

"Then he'll kick me out of the band and nobody will get to go to Europe," Julian teased. "Hey, hey. Shannon. Look at me."

Shannon blinked hard. Julian reached up and brushed a lock of red hair behind her ear. His fingers tickled slightly, and she winced.

"Shannon, there is nobody I'd rather be with than you. But you said yourself that this was an important semester."

It was true. Shannon had a big photography project due to her advisor by the end of the semester, the beginning of her senior thesis to outline, and a ton of other stuff to get done. But now Julian was going to be in Europe on tour with Wilder Side, and her roommate Brynn was leaving to go to an internship in Budapest. Shannon had never felt so alone in her life. So abandoned.

"I don't want you to go without me," she said, tears spilling over her dark red lashes. "I don't want to be apart."

"We'll still be touring when you go on break," Julian said. "I'll buy you tickets to fly out then. It's not that long to wait."

"It's long enough." Shannon knew Julian was right, but she didn't have to like it.

"Then we'll just have to make the most of our time before I leave." Julian kissed the side of her neck and slid one hand along the bottom edge of her skirt, sending a thrill of excitement down Shannon's body. God, he was incredibly sexy. She pretended to resist, leaning away as he moved to kiss her again.

"Oh, so it's like that, huh?" Julian teased.

"Maybe," Shannon said.

"Maybe I'll just have to tie you up and take you anyway I want," Julian said. A wide grin spread over his face. How could she be mad at him when he looked at her with such desire in his eyes?

"Maybe," she said, wiggling happily as he clasped one arm tightly around her waist.

"Fine, then," Julian said. He swept the suitcase to the floor with his free arm, sending her clothes flying everywhere.

"Julian!"

"Shannon!"

Shannon could only gasp as his strong arms picked her up and threw her bodily across the bed. She rolled to one side but he pinned her shoulders down with his hands.

"Julian!"

"Sorry, you asked for it." He kissed her throat, tickling the base of her neck with his breath. Tremors ran through her body and she felt herself become instantly wet as he darted his tongue out to her skin. Oh god.

Julian touched her like no other man had ever touched her before. His hands possessed her, claimed her, moved her in a way she hadn't even imagined could be possible. Even a light stroke of his fingers along her thigh sent her into a dizziness that took her a half hour to overcome. And now he was moving his mouth along her collarbone, his teeth gently biting down on her skin, then retreating. It was too much for her body to handle.

"Julian, please," she said.

"That's a good girl," he whispered in her ear. "Such good manners."

"Julian, come on!"

He had one leg between her thighs, pressing down on top of her. She arched back, leaning her weight so that she felt him there. He still had her shoulders pinned, but she gripped him and shifted herself underneath his hold, wriggling with pleasure.

"Nuh-huh. I've got to stop you from moving around so much," Julian taunted. He reached around and hefted her up on the bed, pulling her wrists up over her head with his free hand. Before she could say anything, he had one of her scarves around her wrists and through the bed slats.

"I hope you weren't planning on packing this," Julian said. "I think it looks much better up here, tied around your beautiful arms." As he knotted the scarf loosely, he kissed her wrist. She moaned as his tongue slid across the sensitive skin just underneath her palm.

"Julian!"

She tried to escape, but the knot held tight. Her arms tied helplessly over her head, she struggled to roll with Julian on top of her, trying to knock him over.

"What a feisty one!" Julian sat back, straddling her waist with a mocking expression on his face. "And here I thought you were a good girl."

"Well, I'm not," Shannon said. Her nerves fired on all cylinders. He had never done anything like this to her before--nobody had ever done anything like this to her before--and she was scared and thrilled about what was to come.

"Ooh, a bad girl," Julian said, "Then you're going to love this."

Julian moved down on the bed and slid both of his hands under her skirt, pulling it up to her waist.

"Oh!" Shannon cried out. She tugged her arms against the scarf, but there was no give. Like it or not, she was completely helpless.

And she liked it.

Julian leaned forward, his breath warming her through her panties. She had put them on this morning for him, but had totally forgotten in the midst of their fight. Now, though, she was glad that she had the forethought. Her panties were a delicious fire-engine red, and felt silken against her newly-shaved skin. She could see in Julian's wide eyes that he enjoyed the sight.

"Oh my," he said. "You are a bad girl! Were you planning on giving me a striptease?"

"Maybe if you untied me."

"Never."

Shannon gasped as Julian bent down and pressed his mouth over her most sensitive area. She was already slick with desire, and as Julian's tongue slid over her cl*t through the fabric, her panties moved with it.

"Oh god, Julian." His mouth moved so lightly over her that she felt like screaming with impatience or begging him to get on with it. Shannon closed her eyes and tilted her head back onto the bed. Her fingers gripped the scarf that tied her up to the bed slats.

Julian only paused long enough to slide one strong finger under her panties, pulling them aside. He blew lightly onto her engorged clit. The coolness of the air flow sent her into writhing palpitations.

"Julian!"

"Yes?"

"Please...please..." Her breath tore at the air. He couldn't stop. She was dying to have his mouth on her, to feel the pressure of his tongue, his lips. She tilted her h*ps up toward him.

His hands reached up and stroked the side of her hips, and his hair fell over his eyes as he pressed hot kiss there, just there. She groaned. His lips formed the seal around her most intimate part, and as he sucked she felt herself growing more and more engorged, the blood pumping through her veins. Then he flicked out the tip of his tongue once, then again.

"Oh!" She cried. He circled her with his tongue pressing harder and harder. Static charges of desire flickered through her nerves as he massaged the aching nub with his warm tongue.

Her legs kicked out, but she was helpless--Julian wrapped his strong arms over her thighs and she could do nothing but squirm and moan as he licked her once slowly, then again.

"What on earth do you do to me?" he asked, not expecting an answer. She looked down to see his erection bulging through his pants. It was incredible to her that he should be so aroused. His lips glistened with her juices, and she blushed to see it. Then he bent his head down again, and any hesitation in her body evaporated as the pulsing need of desire overcame her senses.

"Don't come yet," he said, and she tilted her h*ps up. He licked again, hard, and sucked her tight cloaked nub until she twisted sideways, about to come.

"Don't come until I say." He let her go and she thrashed under him, her breath ragged.

"Julian-"

"Nope." He breathed lightly over her slick pulsing core and she shivered. "You need my permission."

He reached his fingers out, stroking her on both sides. Just enough to tantalize and tease.

"Please." Shannon could hardly breathe the word.

"Not yet." Julian returned to her aching parts and she moaned as he drew his tongue along one side of her, then the other, until she thought she would go mad with anticipation. He kissed her lightly, in that place where just a bit more pressure would have given her satisfaction, and she felt herself circle her h*ps against his mouth. Harder and harder he pressed down, until she was sure she would burst.

"PLEASE."

"Yes," he said, and plunged his fingers inside of her as he pressed his mouth directly on her clit, flicking her with the tip of his tongue as he stretched her inside. A rush of tension swept through her and released immediately into a bucking orgasm, her h*ps twitching against his firm grip.

Shannon's head pressed back into the pillow as her cli**x subsided, the slow waves of afterpleasure coursing through her body. Julian untied her scarf, swept her into his embrace, and lay next to her, his heavy arm across her chest.

"Oh. My. God." Her wrists tingled from being tied, but that wasn't the only part of her that was tingling. Her fingers twined themselves into his hair.

"Glad to be of service," Julian said. "Assuming you're talking about me, and not God."

"Your tongue is divine..." Shannon smiled, pressing a kiss onto his forehead.

Julian turned on his side, propping his head up with his hand.

"You're not mad about waiting to fly over?" His fingers traced the line of her bra through the fabric.

"Of course not."

Shannon didn't feel mad at all. In fact, she was doing just fine. A plan was beginning to form in her brain, a plan for which she didn't need Julian's permission at all.

Bad girl, she thought, and smiled.

CHAPTER TWO

Julian stared out of the plane window, feeling the first pangs of loneliness. Already he missed Shannon's arms around him, the taste of her and the smell of her. Clouds hung low over Paris as the plane descended, and for Julian it felt as though he was descending into the haze emotionally as well.

For their first show, Wilder Side played to a packed house in Barcelona, and the show was great--screaming fans, a nearly perfect set, the works. Then Alex and Asher decided to take everybody out for paella after the show. Daniel left early for the hotel room, but Julian wanted to stay out a bit longer. Fuck it, he thought. I'm in Europe. At twenty-four and on his way to being a multimillionaire, Julian could handle staying out late.

"Shots!" A fan pushed a tray of shot glasses over in front of the band, yelling out with a heavy accent. "You were wonderful! C'etait parfait!"

Julian eyed the whiskey in front of him. The smell of it made his mind blur with a desire he thought he had erased for good. The amber liquid looked almost like honey, so sweet, so inviting. The rest of the band took their shots and Julian reached out too, aware without being aware that he was crossing through a door he wouldn't be able to close. He paused for a moment as the fans around him cheered, the glass smooth and familiar in his hand. The dark, rich scent wafted just in front of him, teasing him with the promise of a good time and no tomorrow.

He put the glass down and stood up.

"Where you going, man?" Asher said.

"I gotta go," Julian said, pushing away the fans who were clamoring to take photographs of him.

"Everything okay?" Alex looked concerned.

"Yeah, I just gotta get out of here." Julian turned, his words lost in the clamor of the bar crowd.

"Okay," he heard Alex say, but then he was shoving his way through the crowd. A few people talked to him as he went by, but he couldn't understand what they were saying, and he needed to get out, to be alone.

Alone. He burst out of the bar door and strode down the street amid the crowds on the sidewalk. The streetlights glowed above his head. Alone, alone. He turned into the nearest alleyway and got out of the street. The dumpster in the alley smelled like trash and piss, but at least there was nobody else there to bother him. He bent his head and took a breath. He needed Shannon. It wasn't fair, but he needed her. He thought of pulling out his phone and calling her, but she would be in class. Jesus, though, that whiskey...

"Hey Julian?"

He looked up to see Asher's silhouette.

"You okay man?" Asher came forward. He put his hand on Julian's shoulder.

"Fine. Just needed some fresh air." Julian straightened up.

Asher sniffed the air, his nose wrinkling.

"This air ain't fresh, man. Hey, Trixie is going out with the girls. You want to walk back to the hotel?"

Julian looked up at Asher. He should be grateful to have such friends. The band had only gotten closer after their argument, and Asher couldn't have been any cooler about the whole thing.

"Sure, man." He set his shoulders back. If there was one thing he wasn't going to get much of on this tour, it was alone time. He would just have to accept it.

The next two stops on the tour kicked copious amounts of ass, just as the first show had. Cheap Trix played well whenever they opened for Wilder Side, and occasionally the two bands broke apart to play separate shows, the girl rock band having fans in some areas Wilder Side didn't. Smooth sailing all around, at least until they got to Paris.

"One week in," Daniel said. "It's always one week in something bad happens."

"Nothing bad is going to happen," Alex said. "Stop worrying."

"You excited about the show tonight?" Asher asked Julian. Julian shrugged. Asher was bouncing on his heels, like he knew something the rest of the band didn't. Julian normally didn't care, but tonight he felt irritated by the nervous energy

Their huge gig at the Eiffel Tower was coming up soon, but first they had to play a show in downtown Paris, right underneath the Arc de Triomphe. The police had cordoned off the whole circular intersection, but tourists continued to walk under the tunnels to get to the Arc. The backstage area there was actually underground, but the crowd passed by just next to them in the tunnel that spanned the length of the street circle, opening up in the middle to where the stage was set up. The gaping hordes of people took their turns staring out at the Arc where the band was setting up, walking past them from one end of the tunnel to the other.

"I feel like I'm in a zoo," Asher said.

Julian agreed. With people filing past them behind the railing, it seemed like nothing more than an exhibition, and they were the ones on exhibit. Julian's breath came shallowly in his throat. The whole thing suffocated him. So many people, so many crowds. He just wanted to play music, but the band needed to show off. Every show they played seemed bigger than the last, and this one was no exception. Cheering fans filled the Champs Elysees to the brim, pushing down toward the Arc where Wilder Side was setting up..

"Gonna be a great show!" Alex exclaimed. The lead singer never seemed fazed by crowds-in fact, the energy of a large group of people always buoyed him up. Julian didn't know how he managed it. Maybe there was a rock star gene that Alex had, one that Julian was missing.

The show started well but then things went to shit. During the first song Asher busted a stick, and he had forgotten to keep extras close at hand-their biggest song went on for half the time without a beat. Then somebody tripped over the amp cable connected to Daniel's bass, and Daniel wigged out, his concentration broken for the next few songs in the set. He kept messing up, or maybe Asher played something different on the drums, but either way the both of them were off of their usual synchrony.

Alex ate up the crowd's fervor, and some girl actually threw her bra onto his guitar in the middle of a song. A railing broke down and security had to throw ropes across the street to cordon off the screaming fans. Julian looked nervously out at the crowd. Jesus, there must have been a hundred thousand people teeming in the street, and all they had to hold them back were a few ropes and guards. Nobody played well, but the audience didn't seem to care. Julian f**ked up his main solo and they still cheered, and then he f**ked up two more transitions, and they still cheered. It was infuriating. After the set was over, Julian retreated underground, where a bunch of fans screamed from behind the rails in the tunnel.

"Julian! Julian!" Alex's voice barely made itself heard above the roar of the crowd. Underground, the walls seemed to shake with the noise.

"What?" Julian yelled.

"Encore!" Alex said, thumbing back out at the Arc. Julian shook his head. He could see Pat, their manager, making his way over, and he did not want to talk to the man.

"No way," he said. "I'm done."

Alex grabbed his arm, and Julian felt a surge of anger pulse through his body. He didn't want to be touched, he didn't want anyone close to him. He needed to be alone. The fans screamed Alex's name from behind him.

"You gotta come back!" Alex shouted into his ear. Julian pulled away roughly, knocking Alex off balance. Throwing his guitar onto the pile of equipment, he turned away from Alex.

"Julian! What the hell?" Daniel stood at the entryway of the tunnel, camera flashes going off behind him. Julian squinted.

"I'm done," he said, and strode off toward the tunnel, pulling a baseball cap onto his head. Grabbing a security guard jacket and throwing it over his shirt, he jumped the rail. The first few fans grabbed at him, but he pushed his way forward and soon he was past the group of people who had seen him come from the band. Amid the confusion he pushed his way outward and into the crowded street, his head bent over his cap.

"Julian! Wait!" He thought he heard Asher yelling his name, but he didn't care. He needed to get out. Tonight had been everything he hated. The music, especially. Nothing mattered except the music, and they had f**ked that up royally.

He hated it all, the crowds, the noise, the fame that wasn't deserved. That set had been awful, and still the audience cheered. He wanted to curl up and die. He wanted to smash something. He wanted out.

Shoving his way through the dense mass of people, he found himself in the doorway of a bar. The lights inside were dimmed and he went in, closing the door behind him.

The ringing in his ears quieted down as he acclimated himself to the soft murmuring of bar conversation inside. The people here sipped wine and whiskey, smoking cigars in plush seats. Beautiful women milled around indifferently. A waiter came quickly over, eyeing Julian with disdain. Julian pulled off the security jacket and cap and tossed them aside, pulling a wad of cash from his pocket. He peeled off a 100 euro bill and flicked it out toward the waiter.

"Merci, monsieur," the waiter said, his expression quickly turning hospitable.

"Where can I sit?" Julian asked, scanning the room.

"This way, please," the waiter said, slipping effortlessly into English. He motioned Julian to come to the back of the bar and produced an empty booth out of thin air.

"What can I get for monsieur?" the waiter asked.

"Water, please," Julian said, sliding into the booth. The waiter paused, and Julian flicked another bill his way. "Quick."

"Yes, monsieur." The waiter picked up the bill with expert fingers. A beautiful girl dressed in a skintight black cocktail dress returned with a glass of water, and Julian downed it, ignoring the stares of the patrons around him. He put his head in his hands, rubbing his temples with his fingertips. He had f**ked up. He should never have joined Wilder Side. It wasn't about the music anymore, if it ever had been. It was about the fame, and the crowds and... Jesus. A dull buzzing headache gripped the base of his skull.

"Monsieur?" The beautiful girl was back, and she pushed a glass of something toward him. He began to protest.

"A drink on the house for monsieur," she said, ignoring his words. He thought maybe she didn't speak English, because she left him the drink anyway and went to another table.

He stared down at the glass. Two perfectly clear ice cubes rested in the golden liquid. He leaned forward to smell it, and knew at once it was brandy, and not the cheap kind. He felt a twinge of desire pulse through his body. His head ached with it.

Just one drink. One drink would get rid of the horrible crushing pain in his head. Before he could convince himself otherwise, his hand reached out and tilted the glass up. The liquid burned his throat beautifully as it went down. A delicious warmth spread through his chest, and he forgot why it had been so important to him to stay away from alcohol. His phone buzzed in his pocket, so he turned it off without looking. He just wanted to be alone right now. Alone with a glass of brandy.

"More?" The girl stood in front of him, the front of her dress showing the smooth line of cl**vage. He blinked at the bottle she held in her hand.

"Oui," he said, testing out his French. Why shouldn't he help himself to local hospitality? That should be part of the tour, after all.

She leaned over to pour him another drink and he picked up the glass, then put it back down and reached for the bottle she was holding instead. Yes, he would like to keep it with him. Yes, that would be fine.

CHAPTER THREE

Shannon's excitement bubbled up inside of her as she walked down the Champs-Elysees in the bright afternoon, the busy street crowded with tourists and shoppers. Paris. She was finally here.

The department chair had been thrilled for her when she told him about her idea for her senior thesis, and they had quickly arranged for a semester abroad. An entire semester in Europe, taking band pictures and finishing her photography assignments remotely-it was a dream come true for Shannon. The sun shone down on her face as she walked down the sidewalk under the wrought iron lamps, and all around her the casual chattering of French natives immersed her. She tried to understand some of it, but the French-English dictionary she picked up had been all but useless. As soon as she spoke one word in French, the person she was talking to would switch to English, knowing immediately that she was American.

She stopped in boutique after boutique, but while American stores were geared towards skinny girls, French stores pretended that curvy women didn't even exist. She had all but given up on the idea of finding a dress above a size six after two hours of browsing, but then she came to a small chic dress shop at the end of the street. The sign said "Taille +" in frilly cursive font, and the mannequins' h*ps stretched underneath the tight dresses in the show windows. Perfect.

Shannon had heard that French employees were rude, but the shopgirls in this store fawned over her, picking out dress after dress for her to try on. As soon as she looked at the price tag, Shannon knew why-the prices were outrageous, and they must have been working on commission. But Julian had left her some money for the plane ticket, and she had foregone first class in favor of keeping the extra. You never know when you'll need a few extra hundred dollars, and now Shannon was glad she had put up with the screaming children in the coach section of the airplane.

One of the dresses the ladies chose for her fit perfectly-the fabric was a green and gold print, setting off her red hair beautifully. The h*ps hugged her tight but the hem flared out, and the ruching of the fabric in the front hid all of the bumps that would otherwise have been unseemly. She nearly fainted at the price when she glanced at the tag-over four hundred euros. She did the math in her head. That was over five hundred dollars. It wasn't nearly as much as some of the other dresses in the shops she had visited, but most of her dresses came from the clearance rack at Sears. For four hundred euros, she could buy the whole damn rack!

Feeling pleased with her purchase, and a few bills lighter in her wallet, she stepped back out into the Paris sunshine. The day was perfect. Nothing could ruin her good mood.

Wilder Side had already played three of their gigs on the tour. She had been following along, emailing and texting Julian, and everything seemed to be going well, although he told her that he missed her more than anything. He would be so excited to see her there in Paris, weeks earlier than they had planned. She had emailed him this morning, complaining about her classes. He wouldn't find out until this evening.

She hurried back to her hotel room so that she would have enough time. She took a shower, change in her new dress, and spent ten minutes adjusting her accessories in the mirror. She put on her favorite mascara, the one that matched her dark red eyelashes, and lipstick to match.

"You are stunning," she said to herself in the mirror, and smiled. Her mirror image smiled back, echoing her confidence. She checked her watch. If she left now, she should be there in plenty of time for the show. Maybe she would even be able to catch up with Julian before the concert started. She squealed and shook her red hair out.

"Allons-y!" She said. "Let's go rock the f**k out."

But if she thought she was going to be able to see Julian before the show, she was sadly mistaken. The crowd leading up to the area where they were playing was packed tight, and when she insisted to the guards near the tunnel that she knew the lead guitarist for Wilder Side, they shook their heads and pretended not to know any English, pointing out to the general audience instead.

"Great," Shannon said. "This is what I get for trying to surprise my boyfriend."

She tried to make conversation, but all of the other girls in the audience ignored her efforts to chat in French, looking her up and down as though she was the dumbest, fattest tourist they had ever seen. By the time the show started, her nerves were frazzled and she had resorted to staring at her cell phone for company. Julian normally texted her right before a show, but there were no messages on her phone.

"It's okay, Shannon," she said. "You're not gonna let anything bust up your good mood." As the lights went up on the Arc de Triomphe, the people around her began to scream for the band, and her energy shot back up.

The show was definitely not the best they'd ever played, and Shannon could see that she would never get Julian's attention from way back where she was standing. He looked irritated, and the technical screwups seemed to make the band play worse as the set went on. The crowd still loved it, though, and Shannon was thrilled to see how successful Wilder Side had become. It was so exciting to see them playing on tour in Europe!

After the show, it took Shannon a half hour to push her way past and get to the tunnel that led backstage. Once there, she managed to flag down a crew member to escort her in.

"Hey Asher," she said, going over to where the drummer was packing up his microphones. He was the only one she had told about her early arrival. "Where's Julian?"

Asher's face dropped.

"Shannon, hey, what a surprise!" he said. "Julian left just after the show."

"What's wrong?" She could see that he had a weird expression on his face.

"Nothing, just he wasn't in a good mood. I'm sorry, Shannon."

"It's okay." But Shannon was worried. No text from him before or after the show, and now he had run off to god knows where. She tugged at her dress. "You know where he went?"

"I saw him heading down the street, going, uh, south? Towards the river. Not sure where he was planning on going, though. You know where our hotel is, right? Maybe he's there."

"Okay," Shannon said, a sinking feeling in her stomach. "I'll try that."

While the rest of the band packed up, Shannon called the hotel. The receptionist there told her that nobody had come back from the band, so she left her number just in case.

She walked down the street toward the river, her eyes scanning the groups of people on the sidewalk. How many millions of people were there in Paris? There was no way she would find Julian just by looking. She sighed. All this effort into surprising him, and now this.

Oh well. She would have fun walking along the Seine anyway, and he was bound to show up back at his hotel. She knew he needed to cool off sometimes and just go walk around alone, so maybe he was doing that. She sent him a brief text-how was the show?-and put her phone back in her purse.

She walked for an hour by the river, stopping on a bridge to watch the water pass underneath. The dark river flowed slowly, the currents underneath invisible except for the fluttering ripples of light on the surface of the water. It gave her the chills, although the night air was humid, almost warm. She circled back towards the Arc de Triomphe. Maybe she could meet up with the band and wait for Julian with them. She pulled out her phone. Still nothing from him.

Crossing the street, she heard a commotion on the sidewalk outside of a bar. She was about to walk away-she didn't want to get involved in a bar fight or whatever it was-but then she heard the words Wilder Side and stopped, turning back. As she got closer, the door opened and she saw Julian come out of the bar. He held a glass in one hand and a bottle in the other, and two slim, beautiful women were on either arm, swooning over him. He nearly fell down the steps and the crowd cheered, excited to see the American celebrity. Julian held up his glass in a mock toast and yelled something in French. Shannon couldn't make out his slurred words but everyone around her laughed and yelled. One of the women leaned over and kissed his cheek, and Shannon felt a burning pain rise up in her as he smiled and tilted his head back for another drink.

Julian turned to walk down the sidewalk, and the crowd parted before him, giving her a good look at him. His eyes were glassy, rimmed red and he only took two steps before tripping and stumbling forward, catching himself before he could fall but dropping his glass. His glass shattered on the sidewalk and someone yelled something in French. Retching, he leaned over to the gutter, leaving the two beautiful women behind, and emptied his stomach into the street.

Camera lights went off, and Julian halfheartedly waved away the young man recording the scene on his phone. The crowd surged back as he took another swig from the bottle, rinsing his mouth with alcohol, and spit. Shannon watched as he leaned forward, one hand bracing himself on his knee, and heaved again, then coughed and pounded his chest. His head came up, and he saw her.

They stood ten feet apart, staring at each other. Shannon's lips trembled and Julian blinked hard, as though he couldn't believe it was her. The woman on his left leaned forward to whisper something in his ear, and he shook her off roughly.

"Shannon?" he said. He swayed on his feet, his eyes focused roughly in front of him. "What are you doing here?"

Shannon felt tears rolling down her cheeks. She turned and ran.

The roar in her ears could not block out his yelling, and she knew that in heels she wouldn't be able to get away unless he was too drunk to run. Still, she tried, unable to stop the sobs rising in her throat as she fled down the sidewalk, pushing people aside. It was only a block before she reached the river and he caught up to her.

"Shannon, please." Julian caught her by the arm and spun her around. They stood partway across a huge stone bridge, and passing tourists eyed them warily as they crossed the river. Shannon reeled back as the scent of his breath hit her-the overwhelming smell of alcohol masking the bitter tang of bile underneath.

She couldn't stop crying. Everything she had looked forward to, her dreams of reuniting with him, evaporated into the cold night air.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry." Julian tried to hug her but she pushed him away. He caught her wrists, wringing them in his. "I'm sorry Shannon. I'm so sorry."

"That doesn't mean anything. Why? Why, Julian?"

Shannon looked at Julian, but he just shook his head shallowly. The guilt in his eyes threatened to brim over into tears. She didn't care. He had only been gone for a little over a week, and he had already gone and gotten drunk. And two girls on his arm! Who knows how many groupies he had f**ked? Shannon caught a sob in her throat as she thought about the beautiful women bending over him, kissing him...

"I don't know," he said. He looked miserable, but any sympathy she had for him was currently buried in the rage and sorrow boiling inside of her.

"I don't deserve you."

"I know." The words were like a door clicking shut. That was it. Julian had never felt anything real for her. And after he had been so jealous of her! She couldn't believe it.

"I'm sorry."

"No, I'm sorry, Julian. I thought this could be a real relationship."

"It can! It is!"

Shannon shook her head sadly.

"Please, Shannon, don't do this-"

"Me?" Shannon tore her wrists out of his grasp. "I'm not the one who's done anything."

Realization dawned on Julian's face.

"Shannon, no. No. I didn't do anything with those girls. And this was the first night-"

"The first night, sure. What, do you think I was born yesterday?" Shannon blotted her fingers against her bottom eyelashes, blinking away the tears spilling over her cheeks. "The first night. And what would you have done tomorrow night, Julian?"

"Nothing! I would never-"

"I don't believe you!" Shannon trembled. All of her body quivered with anger and hurt.

"I got drunk. I'm drunk." Julian said, leaning forward. "It's stupid and I'm the biggest idiot in the world, but I would never ever do anything like that to you." He paused.

Shannon crossed her arms in front of her. She was done hiding her tears. She stuck out her chin bravely.

"No," she said finally. "I can't live like that."

"Like what?"

"I don't want to think that you might leave me. I can't live knowing that you might do something horrible while I'm not there. I can't live knowing that sometimes you don't want me."

"I do want you," Julian protested. "Always."

"I won't just be some girl you're going to throw away once another woman puts her hands on you. I can't do it, Julian." Shannon choked back her grief. Every relationship she'd ever had ended in tears, because she always loved the guy more than he loved her. She flashed back to every breakup she'd ever had. None of them had ever broken up with her. They always slept around and she was always the last person to see it. Second chances, third chances, they all ended the same. It was all the same, all over again. Julian was abandoning her in the easiest way possible for him. She had thought he was the one, but no, of course not. Girls like her never got the guy in the end.

"You are the only person who means anything to me." Julian said. His eyes rimmed red with tears.

"No," Shannon said. "Don't say that. Not after this."

"You are." A tear spilled over onto his cheeks, and Shannon could see him struggling to keep himself together.

"Don't," she warned.

"Please."

"No." Shannon thought she was done crying, but when he looked at her with pleading eyes nothing could keep her tears at bay.

"I can't tell you how sorry I am. You are the only girl I've ever loved, and I-" Julian broke down in tears. Sobbing, he fell to his knees. He leaned forward, his hands pressed in fists to his temples.

"I've messed everything up. I've f**ked it all up. I love you so much, and I f**ked it up, and I'm sorry, oh god, I'm sorry."

Shannon's heart broke at the sight of him weeping. She wanted to put her arms around him, to tell him that it was okay, that everything was okay. But it wasn't. He had gone and ruined something beautiful, had broken her trust in him. But she fought the urge. If he couldn't treat her, right, she would have to walk away.

He reached out to touch her, but she stepped back and left him holding air.

"Shannon..." His voice trailed off into silence.

"Goodbye, Julian," she said, her voice catching on the last syllable. She turned and walked away from her dream.

CHAPTER FOUR

Julian watched her go and could not believe it. He had broken the one true thing, the only thing that mattered to him. All the money and fame and women meant nothing at all to him. Only his relationship with Shannon. And now he had ruined it.

For what? For one night of drinking. So that he could forget his loneliness without her. He could see himself in the not-too-far-off future: drinking at a bar, only his loneliness would be real. He had cut all of the strings holding him up and now he was on his knees with nothing to keep him from falling. The emotion-induced sobriety of the past few minutes disappeared in a wave of fuzziness as Shannon walked away from him into the Paris nighttime.

Julian pulled himself to his feet, feeling the alcohol all too vividly as he tried to catch his balance. Behind him on the sidewalk a small horde of fans and passersby had gathered to watch the drama play out. Julian spun and strode directly into the crowd. Cameras flashed in his eyes and he felt a tidal wave of rage building up, dragging its slow current into a huge cresting fury.

He swung wildly at the nearest person in the crowd with his camera out, not realizing how drunk he really was. He missed his mark and stumbled forward, knocking into a small cluster of fans. One girl screamed.

That's what they want. Give them what they want.

Rock and roll stars got away with murder, didn't they? What was a drink or two, anyway? He pushed his way through the crowd, uncertain of where he was or where he was heading. A new wave of bile rose in his throat and he turned to the sidewalk, heaving into the street. The crowd scattered away from him as he retched until all he had left in him was air. He pushed himself up from his knees and stumbled, glancing his head off of a metal pole. A lamppost? His vision spun, streaks of black in the periphery of his eyesight.

Shannon. A horrific aftertaste burned in the back of his throat and he gagged.

"Julian? Julian!"

He felt arms around him, the fingers gripping him through the fabric of his shirt. The fingers were cold. Everything was cold. He shivered.

"Julian, what the hell?" It was Alex's voice. He swung his head backwards and a blinding white pain blotted out the world for an instant. Then he blinked and Alex and Asher were there, right there, standing over him.

"Don't worry," he said, or tried to say. The words that came out of him were choked and slurred and he couldn't even understand himself.

"Julian!" Asher looked so worried. Julian reached up his hand and tried to wave him away. Shannon was gone, and nothing mattered anymore. He retched again upon remembering how she had looked at him. She had every right to be disgusted with him. He couldn't blame her, not a bit. She had done the smart thing and walked away from a problem. He only wished he could just walk away from himself and into another life.

"He's bleeding, look."

"Let's take him to the hospital."

"No!" He yelled and swung his arm out of Alex's grasp. A surge of dizziness took him over and he fell sideways. The fuzzy colored lights went black, although he wasn't sure his eyes were closed. The last thing he remembered was the look of worry on Asher's face and Alex's voice.

"It's alright. Everything is going to be fine, Julian."

Nothing is right, Julian thought. Without her, there's nothing right about the world at all.

***

Alex called ahead, and as soon as they arrived at the hospital a nurse escorted them to a private room. Julian's head ached like nothing he had ever known before, worse than waking up from a hangover with nothing to drink. The nurse looked at him with veiled disgust as she helped him into the hospital bed.

I am disgusting. Julian felt like throwing up again, but there was nothing inside of him. Black and white dots streaked across his vision like static whenever he moved his head. He closed his eyes and felt like the world was spinning.

He could hear Pat's voice, angry and loud. Then a doctor came in, and Julian looked at him from under heavy lids as he shone a light into his pupils. Ow. He flinched, shoving the doctor's arm away. The doctor spoke quickly in French, and Julian had no idea what he was saying.

"You're gonna have to stay the night." Asher stood over him. "Julian? You get me?" Alex and Pat yelled at each other in the corner. Julian nodded his head, the effort causing him to nearly black out. Then the band left, and everything was quiet. The lights went out and for a while he didn't have to think about Shannon and how much he loved her, and how much he had f**ked it all up.

He woke up in the morning better, at least physically. It had been a rough night, but nothing he hadn't been through before. He turned to see Asher sleeping in the hospital chair by the bed, a line of drool leading to a dark spot on the pillow tucked behind his bed. Julian groaned and pulled out the IV needle from his hand. A saline drip? He must have really been out of it. He didn't even remember the nurse putting it in. Julian pulled on his shirt and smacked Asher on the shoulder.

"Hey, come on dude." Julian pulled on his shoes and walked out the door. He had to get out of this damn hospital. He hated hospitals.

"What? Oh, Julian. Julian!" Asher followed him into the hall like a confused and sleepy puppy.

"Let's go," Julian said, gesturing.

"Okay, man," Asher said, then paused in the middle of the hallway. "Wait, shouldn't we like, talk to a doctor?"

"I know what's wrong with me." And it's nothing a doctor can fix. I'm wrong inside.

"Dude, what happened last night?"

"I drank too much."

"No, I mean what happened with Shannon?"

Julian spun around. Bad move-he had to lean on the wall to keep his dizziness from overtaking him.

"I have to call her." He pulled out his phone and pressed the speed dial. Shannon's phone rang once, twice, and then went to voicemail. He hung up.

"You texted her like a dozen times already last night. Until we took the phone away from you."

Julian couldn't remember making a single one of those texts. "What? What are you talking about?"

"You were really out of it, man."

Asher paused.

"It sounded like you might do something bad. When you were talking about her last night."

"Like what?"

"Like, shit about not wanting to live." Asher shrugged, but there was concern in his voice.

"I'm not suicidal."

"Could have fooled me."

"Fuck you."

"Fuck me? Fuck you!" It was the first time he had ever seen Asher get mad. Hell, he had punched the guy in the face and still he hadn't blinked an eye. But this time he was furious, albeit a mild kind of furious. "You're like, f**king up the band when you do this. It's not just about you, you know!"

Julian felt it like a punch to the gut. He turned away.

"Julian-"

"Jesus, Asher, I'm sorry. I-fuck, I can't say it enough, even though it doesn't change anything. I messed up."

"It's okay," Asher said, after a pause. "You can fix it."

"I messed everything up. I mean everything. With Shannon."

"I'm really sorry, dude."

"How can I get her back?"

"I don't know."

"How can I fix it?"

He was desperate, but the question stood unanswered. Asher had helped him win Shannon over once, but that situation had been a far cry from puking his guts out in a Parisian street with another woman on his arm. They stood in silence for a while.

"Forget about it," Asher said. "Do the music."

"Music?"

Asher shrugged. "It's what you do. Fix what you can first, then deal with Shannon. First things first."

"Music." Julian felt something inside of him tug. He hadn't played music for himself in a long time. It was always the band, the set, the recordings. Now he felt an inexplicable urge to pick up a guitar and just play any melody at all, just to get the pain out of his mind and into the air.

"Julian?"

"That's what I need." He strode off down the hall, Asher trailing behind him. He passed by the nurse's reception.

"Au revoir, ladies," he said, waving one hand in the air. His head ached as he made the gesture, but the pain he felt was all in his heart.

The hospital wasn't far away from their hotel rooms, but when Julian arrived there with Asher the other guys were gone.

"They're probably going to eat," Asher said. "I'll text them."

"I'm just gonna stay here a while," Julian said.

"Here?" Asher looked around the cramped hotel room.

"I'll order up some room service," Julian said. "I really just want some time to practice alone."

"Oh, sure," Asher said. "I'll bring you back a eclair or some shit."

"That would be great," Julian said. He didn't think that he could taste anything right now anyway. Asher left, and Julian sat on the edge of the bed. He picked up his guitar.

Music. Asher was right. That's what I do. He began to play, and once he started he couldn't stop.

CHAPTER FIVE

Shannon felt her heart shatter into a thousand pieces. She knew that Julian loved her, but that wasn't enough. Not if she couldn't trust him.

She called the airport from her hotel room, but all of the flights were booked until the next night. Tossing and turning all night, she finally got up at nine in the morning, bleary-eyed and completely unrested, and decided to go for a walk. Her phone buzzed. Julian, again. She ignored the call. She needed to escape, to get away. Even knowing Julian was in the same country as her was too much.

The park a few blocks away from the hotel stretched out in a long green line under the sunshine. Families scattered through the park, children screaming and running in circles. She had thought that France would be completely different, but sitting on the bench Shannon realized that things were more similar than she could have guessed. The one major difference she saw in the park were the overt displays of public affection. Couples in love walked past, holding hands and kissing.

Shannon realized that she was crying. She wiped her eyes with a tissue and tried not to care so much, but she couldn't. Her phone buzzed with another message. Julian had been leaving tons of texts and dozens of messages since that morning, and she hadn't been able or willing to listen to them all.

Come on, Shannon. Get yourself together.

She dialed her voicemail. Fifty-three new messages.

"Baby, please pick up when I call you again. Please. I just want to talk."

"... God, why am I doing this? Let me make it up to you, Shannon, please."

"Shannon, I am the sorriest a**hole that ever existed. You deserve someone better. But I'm never going to find anyone better than you, so I'm gonna fight for you until it's over. I don't believe we're over. Not yet."

Shannon couldn't listen. She hung up on the voicemail, crying. When the phone buzzed again, she wanted to fling it across the park. But when she looked at the screen, it was Asher calling.

Or Julian from Asher's phone. Shannon hesitated for a moment, then answered it. She could hang up if it was Julian, after all.

"Shannon, hey."

She let out a sigh of relief. It was Asher.

"Hi Asher," she said. Her voice was trembling, and she coughed to get the lump out of her throat.

"Hey, so about Julian-"

"We're done," Shannon said, but she said it softly. "I hope he's okay, but we're done."

"Is this because of last night? He was drinking way too much, sure, yeah."

"Asher, I don't need you making excuses for him."

"I'm not. He's always had problems with alcohol."

"It's not just the alcohol."

"Then what?"

"There was a girl standing next to him," Shannon said. Two girls, actually.

Asher sighed. "Sure, there are always girls fawning over him, and he always brushes them off. But he wouldn't-he hasn't touched another girl since he's been here."

Shannon frowned. Julian was the only person who'd ever made her happy, who ever cared about making her happy. But if she couldn't trust him then it was all over.

"Asher-"

"Look, Shannon, I know he can be a moron. But he loves you, he really does. And like, I feel like this was kind of my fault."

"How?"

"Well, you know, he told me he was lonely, and he always used to drink when he's upset. But I thought that was over. I never thought he would end up sick like that."

"Is he okay? I mean, he was pretty drunk last night-"

"Did you not listen to his messages? We had to take him to the hospital."

"Oh my god." Shannon put her hand to her chest.

"I'm sorry," Asher said. "I thought you knew."

"No," Shannon said. "Jesus. He's okay, though, right?" She couldn't keep the worry out of her voice. If he did anything stupid because of her-

"Yeah, he's fine. I wanted to see about the concert. If you would come."

"No," Shannon said. "Asher, no."

"Hey, I can't change your mind about Julian. Okay, fine. Just come to the concert tonight, please. If he knows you're coming, he won't... it won't be so bad for him."

"Asher, this isn't my problem anymore. I'm leaving on a plane tonight at ten."

"Okay, but please," he said. She could hear the worry in his voice. "Just come for a little bit at the beginning. Please. I'm afraid he's going to f**k up the whole tour."

Shannon sighed.

"It's not my responsibility."

"I know. But please. Please. I'm begging you. I know he's begging you. I'll get Alex and Daniel on the phone to beg you if it helps."

Despite her tears, Shannon couldn't help but laugh at Asher's sincere tone. She exhaled. It was hard; she wanted to see Julian again, if only to say a real goodbye. One that he wouldn't forget in a drunken stupor.

"Maybe," she said.

"Thank you."

"I said maybe. No promises. I'm not sure when I need to be at the airport."

"Great! The show starts at six at the Eiffel Tower."

"The what?"

She could almost hear Asher's grin through the phone.

"The Eiffel Tower. See, I wouldn't ask but this is such a big deal. Thank you, thank you, thank you!"

Before Shannon could protest, Asher had hung up.

Shannon sat on the bench, her phone dangling in her hand. What was she thinking, agreeing to this? She wasn't sure if this was the biggest mistake she'd ever made or the smartest decision. Maybe it was both.

She walked through the park and stopped to listen to a busker playing an accordion. That was something you didn't see every day in Pasadena. Stretching herself out on the lawn under a tree's shade, she lay down not too far away from the accordion player. The sun warmed the earth underneath her and she closed her eyes. Just a little nap, she thought. Just a few minutes...

She awoke hours later, and the sun was high in the sky. What time was it? Her phone was out of charge, so she stopped a man walking by.

"Excuse-pardonnez." She stumbled over the words. "Quelle heure et-il?"

"Quatreheuresetdemi," the man said, his words jumbling into each other in an impossible mumble.

"Uh, encore?" she said.

"Four sirty," the man said.

"Thanks," Shannon said, blushing. She hoped one day she wouldn't be taken for an American after just two sentences.

Four thirty? My goodness, she had been sleeping for hours! She had to pack, she had to get ready! Shannon raced off down the street toward her hotel. She took a quick shower and threw on clothes, and by then an hour had passed. She began to throw her clothes in her suitcase and stopped.

What am I doing?

If she went to the show, she would be opening a Pandora's box she didn't know how to close. It would be better for everyone if she just left now. But she had promised Asher...and it was just for a little while. Just for a minute, maybe even before the show, and she could say goodbye and leave. She stuffed her bag full of clothes and pulled herself together. Just a minute, and then she would be off to the airport.

She wanted to catch a cab, but it seemed like every one that passed by was full. She began to sweat lugging her bag down the street. Almost at the Eiffel Tower, she felt as though her heart would burst, whether from exertion or heartbreak she did not know. Pausing to rest for a moment, she was shocked to see Julian's face looking out at her from a poster plastered onto the side of the building, alongside Alex and the rest of the band. Wilder Side, it said. Le phenomene rock d'Amerique!!!

Was it a sign? Why was she here, if not because she wanted to be with him? She wanted to be wrong, wanted to trust him. Her roommate Brynn would tell her not to follow her heart, but then again Brynn was always too rational.

Shannon turned the corner and her heart dropped. In front of the Eiffel Tower there were thousands-no, tens of thousands, maybe hundreds-of cheering fans. A huge screen had been mounted across the front of the tower and the entire lawn underneath teemed with people. It was a mob.

Shannon turned the corner and her heart dropped. In front of the Eiffel Tower there were thousands-no, tens of thousands, maybe hundreds-of cheering fans. A huge screen had been mounted across the front of the tower and the entire lawn underneath teemed with people. It was a mob.

Shannon could hear Cheap Trix playing the last song in their set, the opening acts most popular number. The lead singer tossed her hair back and said something in French, while waving to the crowd which went wild. Shannon realized that the band was playing from the top of the Eiffel Tower, their image projected down to the crowd below. Speakers were mounted alongside in front of the tower. Shannon moved through the crowd, the clusters of people getting thicker and thicker as she got closer to the base of the Eiffel Tower.

Shannon was beginning to think there was no way she would possibly get to see Julian, or even come close, especially with the sixty pound suitcase she was lugging around behind her. She paused halfway across the length of the lawn, and was surprised to look up and see Julian filling the frame of the projection screen, his acoustic guitar in hand.

"Thanks for letting me do this, guys," Julian said. He looked out to the camera. "Merci Paris." The crowd roared, and close by Shannon could hear a French girl screaming Julian, Julian.

He began to play. Julian's eyes were rimmed red, and when he started to sing Shannon was astonished. She thought he never sang, just played the guitar. Unlike Alex's made-for-pop vocals, Julian's voice was low, soulful even. The melody drifted across the lawn, and the cheering died down to listen to the slow song.

I should start by saying I'm sorry,

I know I wasn't right.

I've been a lot of places, done a lot of things,

but I'd trade them all to undo one foolish night.

Julian strummed the guitar strings, his head bowed over the guitar. Shannon stood speechless, her suitcase clutched in one hand. Wilder Side had never done anything like this before. This...this was for her.

Now you're hurt, cause I hurt you

And you left cause I made you.

And if you're already gone, well I'll give you this song

Even if you don't want me.

Julian raised his voice slightly for the chorus. He sang as though it broke his heart to sing, and maybe it did. Beneath his soft hair Shannon saw the pain contort his expression.

I'm not too strong to admit I'm wrong.

I'm not too proud to say it out loud.

I'm not gonna walk away.

Because I love you, I love you, I am in love with you.

The crowd swayed quietly to the song, and as Julian played the last few notes Shannon couldn't help the tears spilling out again over her cheeks. So many tears. She wondered if they would ever stop.

Yeah even if you turn to go

I'm not gonna walk away

Because I love you, I love you, I am in love... with you.

A ripple of applause spread across the huge lawn, but Julian didn't acknowledge it. He just slung the guitar off of his shoulder and turned to the band offscreen.

"You guys ready to go?"

Alex took the mike from Julian and stepped into focus.

"Bon soir Paris!"

The crowd surged forward, screaming as one unit for the band. Shannon could see the rest of the band members getting set up behind Alex. Alex waved and grinned for the camera, and women and men alike in the crowd swooned for him. He was the rock star. He was the head of the band.

But Julian was the soul.

***

Shannon gasped as she passed through the doorway into the room. It was decorated in an old French style, with antiques and gilded paintings lining the walls. Hundreds of small candles illuminated the room with tiny flickering lights.

After the whole set, Shannon pushed through the crowd. Her airplane was forgotten-nothing mattered except that she had to get to Julian. With the thousands of people leaving after the show, it was like trying to fight her way against a river current carrying a huge suitcase. Luckily, as soon as she got closer to the front a security guard saw her and waved her over.

"Vous etes Shannon?" He checked his phone, and Shannon saw her face on the screen. Julian must have sent out an alert for her.

Shannon nodded, and he led her to the base of the tower, past two lines of security.

"Voici," he said, motioning her into the cage elevator. He pressed a button and stepped out, leaving her alone. She started with fright as the elevator jolted to a start. It carried her higher and higher through the illuminated tower, and she turned around to look at the whole city as the cage moved up the metal skeleton of the tower. The lights of the city below stretched out in every direction. Forgetting her fear, he pressed her nose to the grating and drank in the view until the elevator ground to a halt at the top.

"Shannon?"

She turned around to see Julian waiting for her alone on the platform.

"Julian," she said, and then the elevator cage door opened and she was in his arms and he was holding her tightly, as tightly as if he never wanted to let go.

"Julian," she stammered, "I can't..." Her heart was torn.

"Shannon, I don't care. All that matters is that you're here now."

"I don't know if I can forgive you," she blurted out. Julian took her hands in his.

"You don't have to. You can hate me forever. Just give me a chance to make it up to you. To show you how much you mean to me."

"Another chance?"

"We have a week left in Paris. Just stay the week. Then decide."

"Julian..."

"Spend tonight with me. Please."

Shannon raised her eyebrows. "In a hotel room with the band?"

"I rented a different room. But first, you have to see this view."

Before she could protest, Julian had her by the hand and was dragging her up a set of metal stairs to the next platform. When they got to the top, she clutched at Julian's chest. She hadn't realized how far up they had gotten-in the cage elevator, the view wasn't clear. But here, the city of Paris stretched out in every direction. Underneath them, the Eiffel Tower flickered with the light of thousands of golden bulbs. The radiance flooded through the tower, and Shannon felt as though she were standing on pure light, looking out to the scattered streetlamps of the city streets.

"Thank you," Julian said, clasping his arms across her chest and kissing the back of her neck. "Thank you for coming back."

Shannon felt a warmth spread through her as she leaned her head back. Even in such a foreign place, in Julian's arms she felt like she was home.

***

Shannon gasped as she passed through the doorway into the hotel room. The room was decorated in an old French style, with antiques and gilded paintings lining the walls. Julian beamed as she walked inside, obviously proud of his handiwork. Hundreds of candles illuminated the beautiful space with tiny flickering lights, and a trail of rose petals led her farther inside.

"Just like our first dinner," Julian said. "You remember?"

"I remember. This is incredible," Shannon said.

She followed the trail of rose petals to the couch which overlooked the river below. The water glittered with lights below, the window looking out over the entire city. They called it the City of Lights, and now she understood why. The shining jewel that was Paris spread across the horizon, darkened only by the slow winding curves of the Seine.

"And the view-It's like it was when we spent our first night together."

"Oh Julian." Shannon remembered her first night with Julian. He had been so tender, so loving. She was sure that he would never do anything to hurt her. Just thinking about it now brought a tear to her eye.

"I'm sorry, Shannon," Julian said. "I know I've hurt you. I want to rewind it all and go back to before I f**ked up."

"Julian-"

"I'll make it up to you, I swear. Every minute of every day for as long as you have me. I'll never do anything like that again."

Shannon looked up at him. She could see in his eyes that he was telling the truth as far as he knew.

"Shannon-"

She stopped his words with a kiss. She knew that he wasn't perfect, but she also knew that she could forgive him. And for as many tears as she had cried in the past few days, he was the only man who had ever made her truly happy.

He kissed her softly, hesitantly. His lips lit a slow fire inside of her that stretched out through her body.. The last time they had made love, it had been so rough, but now his touches were delicate. He was reluctant to take her fully.

She pressed into him now, deepening. He took her in his arms as she wrapped her hands around the back of his head, stroking his hair.

"Oh Julian," she said.

"Tell me what you want."

"I want you," she said. "Only you."

They fell back onto the couch, crushing the rose petals underneath them. The sweet scent wafted over their bodies. Julian's hands ran over her dress, caressing her curves.

"God, you're beautiful," he said. He tugged down one strap of her dress, kissing her neck down to her shoulder. He stopped right above her br**sts, as though waiting for an answer to a question he hadn't asked.

She pulled his head down to her and arched into him. His mouth found her breast and she gasped as he sucked on her nipple, his tongue circling the aureole.

Julian's fingers found his way down to her, slipping between her thighs. She moaned as he pressed down on her through her panties, his thumb circling over her cl*t slowly, oh-so-slowly, as he sucked on her, his tongue moving with deliberate pressure on her sensitive skin.

All of the anger and tension and sorrow of the past day melted away as he stroked her through the fabric. Every muscle of hers relaxed under the flickering light of the candles. He moved against her, his mouth hot and desirous on her skin. She felt his mouth against her br**sts, then on her neck, sucking lightly, then moving back down.

"Ohh," she cried out softly. His fingers pressed against her between her legs, stirring the passion that had been building up in her for the past week. It had been too many days since she had seen him, since she had kissed him, felt him against her. Now that they were here together, she thought that there was no way she could ever want to leave. It would be impossible. This was all she had ever wanted, and more.

"Shannon," he whispered.

He pushed his fingers into her, his thumb pressing against her clit. Writhing under him, Shannon felt her body rise and fall with the strength of his fingers inside of her slit. All of the desire inside of her gathered up into a hard knot, pulsing within her body.

It happened before she knew it was happening. The orgasm ripped through her and she arched back, pushing herself down onto Julian, her mouth in a silent O. His tongue flicked her nipple, sending electric pulses down her body and making her twitch under him.

"Oh... oh god," she said, once it was over. She had never come so quickly, so instantly.

In response, Julian simply laid his head between her br**sts. Her heart was pounding, and she could see the half-curve of his smile as he realized his success. His breath warmed her skin. She ran her hand through his hair, catching her breath. She could feel him hard against her, and she was filled with an aching that made her twist under his chest.

"Julian," she said. He brought his head up. "I want you inside of me."

Julian kissed her as he pulled down her panties. She held her arms up over her head and he gently took off her dress, then her bra, kissing her all the while. Taking off his own shirt, he gazed down at her nak*d body, a fierce desire in his eyes.

"So beautiful." Shadows outlined his hard muscles, and as he leaned down to kiss her, she could feel his restraint.

"Take me," she said, her fingers scrambling to unbuckle his belt. He helped her out, stepping off of the couch to strip entirely. When he leaned down to ease himself inside of her, he was harder than she had ever felt him before. Slick as she was already, Shannon gasped as he pushed himself inside, stretching her impossibly far.

He paused at the apex, holding her. Ready to faint with desire, she tilted her head back to see him.

"I never want to lose you," he said. His thumb traced the line of her cheekbone.

"Then don't lose me," she said. She pulled him down to her for a kiss, and he thrust himself in all the way. His body vibrated against hers with the tension of trying not to explode immediately. She could feel his blood rushing through his veins, his heart pounding against her own skin, and when she moved slightly under him he inhaled sharply.

The candles burned low, and she turned her head as he rocked into her slowly, farther and farther, working his swollen c*ck into her body. The lights outside spun, and she felt dizzy in his hold. God, it felt so good. He felt so good. So right.

Moving faster, he began to press against her there with a rhythm Shannon had been missing for a long time. She bit down on her lip, the moan catching in her throat as he thrust himself into her, needing her around him. She could feel herself rising to meet him in the tempo, their bodies crashing against each other again and again until she couldn't bear it any longer. The fiery want that rushed through her came out in a sharp cry just as she was on the brink of her second cli**x.

Julian stopped then, reached out and cupped her face with both of his hands. He kissed her, taking her breath away, and thrust in once more. Her body twisted under him, shuddering as the wave of desire crested. He pulled away slightly until their noses were just touching, and watched her come at the same time as him. Their breaths mingled in the inches between them as the orgasm rolled over them both, and when she opened her eyes she could see the faint touches of the cli**x still vibrating through his face.

Julian kissed her nose, then her cheek, then the other. He lavished small delicate kisses all over her face until she burst into giggles, then pressed his mouth against hers, hard.

"What do I look like?" Shannon asked, blushing. "Is it silly?"

"Of course not. Do I look silly?"

Shannon just laughed.

"You look beautiful when you come." Julian's hand cradled her cheek, his fingers tracing their way down behind her ear, tucking in a stray lock of red hair before continuing down to her collarbone. "Like every part of you is gathering up inside, waiting, waiting. And then..."

He fluttered his fingers in front of her eyes. "A silent explosion."

"Not always silent." Shannon chuckled. Julian hugged her tight.

"I want to take a picture of you like that," she said.

"Anything you want." Julian raised her hand up and kissed her palm. "Anything to make you happy."

"You do make me happy."

"Oh?"

"And you also annoy me, and worry me to death..." Shannon broke off as Julian tickled her lightly on the stomach. "But mostly you make me happy."

Julian leaned his head in one hand.

"So you'll keep me around a bit longer?"

"Maybe," Shannon said. "Just a little bit longer."

"Just enough for a few more silent explosions."

Shannon giggled. "Yeah."

"Okay," Julian said. "I can live with that."

He lay his head on her chest and her fingers trailed along his back. The light of the candles bathed them in yellow warmth, and the hint of roses made the night seem magical.

If I'm making a mistake, Shannon though, it's the best one I've ever made.

