His Absolute Conditions

"Don't move anything out of place," the cleaning staff lead said. "Don't use non-approved equipment, don't speak unless spoken to, and don't get in the way."

This place was strict, apparently. I knew it would be tough when I started, but the pay was good and I really needed the job at the moment, even if it was only for a day. The temp agency that placed me here had seemed reluctant about offering me the job, but the staff lead said it didn't matter, that he(who was he?) wouldn't be in the office today and they just needed someone to fill the position.

That should have tipped me off to something, but I was blinded by the money. And this was at Landseer Tower, no less, one of the most high class buildings in the city, so of course they'd pay well. Still, I had to double check to make sure the figure was correct; it was more than I made in a week at most places, and this was only for today. I usually performed secretarial jobs, data entry, or anything involving paperwork, but I'd done a few cleaning jobs before. I told the woman at the temp agency I would accept it.

I should have been scared-I was scared!-but I tried to overlook it. What was the worst that could happen? The job was only for the day.

"Jessika Fevrier," the staff lead said, reading my name from a worksheet and pronouncing it wrong. "Do you have any questions?" he asked. He looked at me like I was a nuisance.

Time to lighten the mood, I thought. Not my typical strong suit, but he looked like he could use a smile, and after arriving at this place, complete with a fountain in the front lobby and crystal clear glass elevators, I was extremely nervous. "If I can't move anything out of place," I said, "how do I clean everything?"

It was a joke. I knew how to clean, and I knew what he meant. It sounded better in my head, like the sort of silly, sarcastic joke that would put someone at ease. This man would laugh, give me one of those silly shakes of his head, pat me on the shoulder, and we'd be fine for the day.

That never happened. He stared at me, long and hard, furrowing his brow in disapproval. "I think we're going to have to find someone else. It's clear to me that you are unfit for this job."

What! No, no... I needed this. "Sir, I'm sorry. It was a joke. I swear. I was just joking."

He didn't look convinced. I was certain I couldn't convince him, was just about ready to give up and walk away, knowing I'd ruined my chances at a decent opportunity. He frowned, letting out a loud sigh.

"It's your lucky day," he said. "I doubt I could find anyone else on short notice, and I don't want to explain the situation to Mr. Landseer, so I'll let you stay. The joke wasn't funny, though. I'm not entirely convinced it was a joke, either. Consider that your first and final warning. If you screw up again, you're finished. You really don't want that to happen."

I gulped, eyes wide. A blush of red heat warmed my face, the tingle of it making me feel like I was sick, like I should have stayed in bed today. Chicken soup was good for the soul, they said. You couldn't pay bills with chicken soup or a soul, though, now could you?

I gathered supplies from the closet that the lead man showed me. Nothing too difficult to handle. A feather duster, a handheld vacuum, some cleaner spray, and a special streak-free towel. Basic items, things I'd used numerous times before.

When I looked at the slip of paper with my assignment, I nearly died. He wanted me to clean Asher Landseer's personal office? Was this a joke? I flipped the paper over, hoping to find some other instructions, but there weren't any. The room grew hotter. I panicked, wanted to sneak out of the office and back to my typical run of the mill day, but then what? I couldn't just return to the temp agency.

So wandering down the hallway towards Mr. Landseer's office, I wondered why I was here again? It was a job, first off. That was a point in its favor. I'd graduated from a good school, though, and received top marks for all of my classes. Nothing perfect, but I was more than adequate. I don't want to say that this job was beneath me, but I'd expected something better after I left college.

Unfortunately, in hindsight, majoring in English Language and Literature wasn't a great choice. What use was knowing the thought process behind Shakespeare's Othello when you applied for a job? Not much, if anything. I'm fairly sure that the cleaning manager would have fired me on the spot instead of giving me a second chance if I'd tried discussing classic literature with him.

To be fair, this was exciting, though. Not cleaning, and not the technicalities of this job, but the place. Never would I have imagined coming here. It took me awhile for the realization to sink in, and I hadn't even seen much of the interior yet, but I was in the Landseer Tower. Previously owned and operated by Thomas Landseer before his death six years ago, and now owned by his son, Asher Landseer, current head of the Landseer empire.

I knew nothing about Asher, save for what I heard before coming. I was to clean his office, and make it immaculate. Why me? No one would give me a good answer to that, except to say that it shouldn't be an issue. Asher Landseer was in an important meeting and wouldn't be around, so I had free reign to clean to my heart's content and make everything perfect. The usual person who cleaned, some elderly woman, had requested the day off so she could go to her granddaughter's dance recital.

Nervous already, my anxiety soared when I heard some of the strange things people said about my situation. I passed a couple of men at a soda machine who stared at me, then laughed, saying something along the lines of "I don't envy her" when they thought I was too far away to hear them. I'd also read, mostly on tabloid covers and entertainment news articles, that Asher was eccentric and reclusive. What did that mean, though? I figured he probably just liked his alone time. It couldn't be that bad, right? He was married, afterall.

Married, and beautiful beyond words. Not that this should have mattered for much of anything, especially not to me. But whenever I saw his picture, in passing somewhere, my heart jumped a little. A brief quickening of my pulse, an intimate little trill of some private thought singing through my head, and...

Back to work. I reached the office, pulled out the key the manager had given me, and unlocked the door. Stepping inside, I flicked the light switch on and closed the door behind me.

Everything was amazing. He had a desk in the back, like any other office, but behind it was a large, bay-styled window with a reading nook built into the wall. Beside that, cornered off into its own alcove, was a set of floor to ceiling bookcases. A glass wall and door separated the main office section from a private meeting area, and opposite that was a chaise with a small table beside it. The entire office was probably bigger than my apartment, and I used to think I had a pretty nice apartment.

I didn't have time to admire the place, though. I needed to clean. I searched around for an outlet to plug the vacuum into, then checked for what I should or shouldn't need to move beforehand. I would need to dust, but I'd do that after I wiped everything down first. God, this job was going to be so boring.

And, everything looked perfect anyways. I tried, I honestly tried, but I couldn't find anything that looked like it really needed cleaning. Maintaining the atmosphere, I guessed. I couldn't clean a mess that wasn't there.

I should have just done that, should have finished cleaning and left, but I was curious. The bookcases called to me, like some siren of the sea from an epic poem. Just what kinds of books did Asher Landseer have? Probably typical business books, sets of legal dictionaries or how-to's, or unopened and unread classics meant to impress some business associate into thinking he'd read this or that.

He had all those and more. I browsed through his collection of literature, enthralled. The business books weren't so interesting, but he had a section with newer publications(some from bestselling authors and others from vague unknowns), older classics like Alice in Wonderland and Grimm's Fairy Tales, and everything in between.

My hand crept towards a copy of Dante's Inferno. Leather bound, with a gold, gilt-stamped title on the cover and spine, and more gilt lining the edges, it looked like a book collector's dream. I stared at it, rapt, letting my hand caress the cover, feeling the rough leather against my fingertips. The book had a crisp smell with a tinge of masculine warmth, like a man's freshly worn leather jacket.

There was no possible way Asher Landseer had read this. Absolutely none.

Except when I opened it, it wasn't stiff. And there were dogears on a few of the pages. I moved to the first, wanting to see what he'd found so interesting, and...

"Midway upon the journey of our life, I found myself within a forest dark, for the straight forward pathway had been lost," a calm, confident voice said from behind me.

I panicked, tossed the book back onto the bookshelf, and turned to face the unknown speaker. That would have been it, except I was confronted by Asher Landseer himself. He stared at me with his cool, steel blue eyes. He looked none too happy with me intruding on his private space, browsing through his bookcase. His pristine, pitch black suit without a wrinkle anywhere, his short-cropped hair, barely an inch in length, and his sharp, powerful jaw making him look unlike anything I ever imagined a businessman should look like. I briefly imagined him stepping out of a helicopter in a spy movie, playing the role of a debonaire CIA secret agent.

My heart skipped a beat, my pulse soared, and my stomach fluttered. My knees grew weak and I almost couldn't stand to look at him anymore, like I needed sunglasses to stare at him head on. I tried to step forward and apologize but one of my high heels caught on a bevel in the tiled floor and I toppled forward.

Asher swooped forward and caught me. This isn't happening, I told myself. This is too strange, too unknown. I must have fallen asleep, or become delirious in his office.

No, I wasn't. No sooner than he caught me, the collector's copy of Dante's Inferno fell from the shelf I'd tossed it on. I watched it hit the floor, cover and pages splitting open as it descended, and then... crack!

The book's binding broke, spilling its contents all over the floor. Pages, separated, completely out of order, lay scattered around the bookcase alcove in his office. One of them, another dogeared page, escaped from the rest and landed at Asher's feet. He set me aside like a bag of groceries and bent to pick up the page.

"One ought to fear those things only that have the power of doing harm," he said, reading a passage from the page. "The others not, for they are not dreadful."

Poignant, I thought, and absolutely correct. It was as if Dante had seen into the future, noticed this situation, and thought it amusing to write about it.

Amusing for Dante, and horrifying for me.

"I'm so sorry, sir. Mr. Landseer, I apologize. I don't know what came over me. I..."

He turned to me, rage in his eyes. I could almost see a tiny spark of red lighting up the very center of his icy blue irises. Tossing the page aside, he grabbed my wrist and dragged me through the open glass door into his private meeting room.

"Sir, I-"

Without listening, he tossed me onto his meeting room table and glared at me. I wasn't sure what to do, wasn't sure what to think. What was going on? I inched away from him, my hands pressed into the smooth, alder wood table as I tried to get away. He would accept none of that.

Grabbing my foot, he pulled me back towards him. My skirt bunched up behind me, sliding towards my rear as he pulled me, leaving my pantyhose-covered crotch exposed to him. He gazed at me. His eyes seemed to revel in the surprised look on my face, the sight of my br**sts heaving up and down as my breath quickened, and the tantalizing view of my exposed underwear. His hand traveled up my leg, caressing my pantyhose, exploring my thigh and moving towards my sex.

This was not happening, I told myself. But no matter what I told myself, it continued to happen. And, despite the fact that I was scared out of my mind, I was also uncontrollably aroused. There was a little part of me, that small heart-skipping pulse in my veins, that had never fully left. Upon seeing just what Asher Landseer was capable of, that part grew, stretched, until it was all-encompassing and demanding.

Asher smiled, watching me wriggle on the table, unable to escape him. He looped a finger into my pantyhose and peeled them down to my knees.

"Sir!" I screamed. "Asher! What are you-?"

This was not proper business protocol! But he didn't seem to care much about that at the moment. He focused on me entirely, his steady, watchful gaze never leaving my eyes as I looked back at him.

"You destroyed my book," he said, his voice full of anger and passion. "Everything is a mess. Pages scattered on the floor and the binding undone. I believe it's only fair that I do the same to you."

At the time, I had no idea what he meant. I only knew that there was a strong and powerful man standing before me who commanded attention.

No longer fully wearing my pantyhose, my smooth, arousal-slick folds grew cool, exposed to the chill, central air-conditioned air. Asher paid that no mind, though. He flipped me around, grabbed at my skirt with one hand, unzipped the back with the other, then pulled the entire thing off of me. Tossing it to the ground, he did much the same to my heels, and then flipped me over once more.

With one arm, he wrenched me towards him and pulled my pantyhose even lower, towards my ankles, forcing me to spread my legs so that my crotch was pressed hard against his business suit. His hands sought the buttons of my blouse, undoing them. When I tried to stop him, he frowned at me and then ripped the whole thing off. The buttons that had remained done flew into the air and scattered around his private meeting room.

The idea struck me, some out of context thought, that I should clean those up for him, but then my mind snapped back to the reality of the situation. I was laying on his table, legs spread around his hips, wearing only my bra and partially wearing my pantyhose. A quick glance to the side showed my blouse, skirt and heels scattered on the floor, much like the loose pages of his expensive book.

"Remove your bra," he said.

I hesitated. He sounded so fierce, but the look on his face was one of calm confidence, like he never expected me to defy him, never expected anything but obedience.

"Mr. Landseer," I said, voice wavering, coming out as more of a squeak. "You're married."

"Remove your bra," he repeated.

I sat up enough so I could reach my hands behind my back. My stomach tightened and when I moved I felt the zipper of his pants pressing against my wet, exposed p**sy. He watched me, relished in seeing me dispose of one of my last articles of clothing. I don't know why, but once I unsnapped my bra and pulled my arms through the straps, I tossed it to the floor haphazardly, letting it join the mess with my other clothing.

"You deserve punishment," he said. "Do you not?"

I nodded fast, heart quickening. Shivers from the cold passed through my body. Or, that's what I wanted to think at the time, but his presence had me hot and flustered. There was no possible way I was cold right now with my body quivering in a heat of excitement. Here I was, some unknown women from the cleaning staff, and a temp for the day at that, almost entirely nak*d on billionaire CEO Asher Landseer's private office table.

In the blink of an eye his hand cupped my sex. His fingers pressed against my pubic mound, forcing me to acknowledge their presence, and I arched my back and let out an unintentional moan.

"How do I punish you when you're clearly enjoying this?" he asked. "Shall I remove this distraction first so we can begin your punishment?"

"Sir?" I asked. My breath felt like a fog, escaping my lips and covering my face in a warm, wet haze. Everything was a blur, like I was looking through an unfocused camera lens.

He never answered, didn't bother to respond with his ideas. Instead, he snaked his thumb lower, spread my moist folds with his finger, and then pressed inside of me. My h*ps bucked upwards instinctively and I gasped, caught off guard. My f**king God, I thought, is he going to take me right here?

And, if he did, would I let him? Would I moan for him, accept his hard erect c*ck inside me? Some part of me despised the idea, disliked the treatment, but only a small part. A larger part wondered at him, wanted him to take me on his meeting table. Wanted him to...

He was married. I couldn't, I...

Asher's thumb bent and he pressed against the pleasure spot inside my intimate tunnel. My body betrayed my intentions, ignored the thoughts of his wife, his marriage, and the wrongness of this, and bent to his will. He wrapped his other fingers around my p**sy, treating me like just another object, something he owned. With his middle finger he teased at my clit, pushing me higher towards the precipice of pleasure.

My eyes rolled into the back of my head and my body tightened, muscles clamping down for the long haul. There was no long term for this, though. Asher knew what he was doing, and he did it well. His fingers expertly toyed with my sex and encased my crotch. It felt so strange, so different. I was exposed to the cool, office building air, but his hand radiated a warming heat that spread from my aroused slit to the rest of my body.

And then his fingers brought another kind of heat. A tingling sensation raced through me, the blissful beginnings of an impending orgasm. My p**sy clamped down on his thumb, holding it in me, spasming around his intrusion, and the rest of my body soon followed suit. I squirmed in the throes of ecstasy, not even caring that I was openly displayed on his meeting room table. It was private, anyways, with the glass wall only showing through to his personal office. That shouldn't have made a difference, shouldn't have made the situation alright, but my mind wasn't thinking rationally at the moment.

He allowed me to ride through my pleasure, grinning at my squirming self, before removing his hand from my crotch. I lay on his table, a hot mess, completely breathless.

"Up," Asher said. "Now that your distraction is eliminated, I expect you to accept punishment."

I scrambled off his table, fell to my knees, and looked up at him. This man, Asher Landseer, had just brought me to cli**x like it was nothing, and was staring at me as if he'd done nothing in particular. Another day at the job, another...

"Now," he said. "Having finished my business meeting early, I find myself with some free time. I came back to my office, intending to read, but then you destroyed my book."

"I can repay..." I started to say.

"The cost isn't the issue," he said. "That-" He frowned and looked softer for a moment, as if he were remembering something. "That book was special to me."

I gulped. I'd never meant to destroy the book in the first place, and I understood a rich man would own expensive things, but now that I knew it was more than that, I felt horrible. I wanted to apologize, to hug and console him, but...

"Do you like Dante's Inferno?" he asked, all of a sudden.

"Yes," I said, the answer squeaking out of me.

"What? Be confident in your answer."

"Yes," I repeated myself, though I didn't think I sounded any less timid. I rose to my feet, standing before him.

"Why?" he asked.

Huh? "Why what?"

"Why do you like it?"

"The-" Was this conversation really happening? I stood there, mostly nak*d, talking to a young, billionaire CEO about why I liked a certain piece of literature. I would never be able to understand this, no matter how long I lived.

But, maybe that was the point. I'm not sure. I did feel a little better talking with him like this, though. Like if I could show him that I understood the book and tell him why I liked it, he might forgive me just a little bit for what happened. And then I could forgive him for... and...

"I enjoy the symbolism," I told him sincerely. "I think it's nice that the story starts off in the depths of Hell, with Inferno, but by the end of Divine Comedy there's some redemption and Dante brings us to Heaven with Paradiso. The rhyme scheme is also incredibly impressive. And the fact that he retained such a strict format through 14,233 lines? I find that amazing."

"Indeed," Asher said. I thought I saw the faintest hint of a smile on his face, but it was gone before I knew it. Had I imagined it? Yes, possibly, but...

"I enjoy that line," he said in a passing conversational tone.

I looked at him, confused.

He frowned and shook his head, though it seemed more teasing than chastising. "One ought to fear those things only that have power of doing harm. The others not, for they are not dreadful," he said, reciting one of the parts of the poem he'd read aloud before, the one on the page that he'd tossed aside before...

My God, I thought. I was really just on his table, I was really just nak*d, and... I looked down at myself, confirming my nudity. Somehow just now realizing it, or realizing it again, I tightened my legs and fidgeted, trying to cover my body with my arms.

"Stop," he said, a command. I dropped my hands, dumbstruck. "The best punishments are those that make you reflect and that make you uncomfortable. Part of yours shall be to finish cleaning my office as you are."

I stared at him. "Are you serious?"

"I never repeat myself," he said. "Never."

I did not give in, ever. I wasn't the type for it. I always questioned everything, and expected no less from anyone else. Why should I mindlessly move through life like a drone?

This is how I always thought, but then why was I now stepping around his office, feather duster in hand and actively dusting while wearing only my pantyhose which I'd pulled back up after he'd finger f**ked me to an orgasm? Wearing almost nothing felt nice, though, oddly. Freeing. The cool air became a little less cool as I grew accustomed to it, and I relished in the sexiness of my body.

This man, Asher Landseer, the married CEO of a billion dollar corporation, had wanted me. While I cleaned his office, I tried to catch his attention, bending over this way and that, arching my back and pressing out my br**sts in hopes he would look at me. But it didn't work?

Some doubt slipped into my mind. He hadn't actually said he wanted me. No lustful words escaped his lips as he coaxed me to orgasm. Nothing of the sort, actually. In fact, now that I thought about it, he said he was only doing it to remove a distraction. But... no... that couldn't be it, could it? Except, it must be.

The idea sunk in. I wasn't some absolutely desirable woman. I couldn't tempt a billionaire away from his wife. This was business, plain and simple. I'd destroyed his book and he meant to punish me for it, and that was it. Well, he'd done a good job of that. I felt embarrassed for even thinking I could have garnered his attention.

I moved through his office, dusting without trying to be sexy, steaming in my own thoughts, annoyed. He thought he was all that? Oh, I could do better. Maybe I'd push his bookcase a little, send the whole thing crashing to the ground, see how he liked that. What would he do then? If one destroyed book equaled one smoldering cli**x, what would a whole bookcase involve? I shuddered thinking about it.

The phone rang. I glanced over towards it, catching Asher looking at me out of the corner of his eye. Or, no, he wouldn't even be doing that. If he hadn't glanced at me before when I was trying to act seductive, he wouldn't now. I was imagining things.

He reached for his phone and answered it. "Hello?"

I absently listened to his side of the conversation while dusting, planning on finishing this and getting out of here.

"Yes? No," he said. "Are you sure? Is that why...?"

He sounded confused, lost. I wanted... dammit! Despite my frustration with him, I wanted to go over to him and see if he was alright. Look at him, smile, become lost staring into his brilliant blue eyes, reaching a hand up to touch the hint of stubble growing on his cheek.

"Yes," he said to the person on the other end of the phone. "Yes, I'll talk with her. We've discussed this before. Thank you."

He hung up the phone and went to sit on his chaise. Closing his eyes, he rubbed his temples with his fingers and frowned.

I don't know why, and I shouldn't have done it, but I went over to him and put my hands on his shoulders. Instantly, his eyes snapped open and he looked up at me.

"I need a massage," he said.

"I can if you'd like?" I offered, my voice meek. I wanted to impress him, but I didn't know why. He was a jerk, and not worthy of my time. A man with money? Ha! Who cared. I had... knowledge of Charles Dickens.

"That wasn't a question," he stated firmly. "It was an order."

I tensed up, wanted to grind my fingers into his shoulders and squeeze as hard as I could, but I didn't. Instead, I gave him a light massage, erring on the side of softness, until he ordered me to do it harder. Oh, really? I intended to annoy him, to make him angry, but when I dug my fingers into his shoulder muscles, he only let out a content sigh and relaxed into the chaise.

Honestly? What an a**hole.

"My wife is infertile," he said, nonchalantly.

"I'm sorry to hear that?" I replied. What do you say to someone when they tell you that? And, as unlikely as it was, I would have rather heard him say he was divorcing her. Was that a mean thought to think? Yes, but, then maybe...

"We've talked about this possibility. Adoption is one choice. It's admirable and respectable, but I'd rather not, and she doesn't want to, either. I'd like the child to be at least a part of me, genetically."

Something, I heard some strange inflection in his voice that made me think about what he'd just said. "What about her?" I asked.

He laughed. "She's not interested in children at all. I imagine this will be a boon to her, not being able to conceive naturally. She's fine with the idea of it, but the process bothers her. If she could, she'd rather have someone else carry the child to term so she didn't have to."

"It's possible," I said, shrugging. My massage grew lighter as our conversation unfolded and my fingers eased away the kinks in his shoulder. "There's egg donations, and you could have one fertilized with... with your..." I couldn't bring myself to say "his seed" despite the fact I was currently standing behind him without any clothes on. It felt too... dirty? I don't know.

"True," he said, scrunching up his brow, contemplating the idea. After a few seconds, he said, "I don't know your name. You're the temp they hired for the day, correct?"

"Yes." I gulped. The way he said it, the way the words just came out, indifferent, made the whole situation worse. He didn't even know my name and yet he'd tossed me on his table like it was nothing? Done all of that to me, and... No, I shouldn't think about that. "Jessika Fevrier."

"Fevrier?" he asked.

"Yes, it's French." I spelled it out for him, since this was a common confusion and I'd learned to do it unthinking. "Pronounced Fev-ree-ay." The fact that the cleaning manager had screwed it up earlier still frustrated me.

"Yes," he said. "French for February."

I frowned, but he didn't notice. It did mean that, but he didn't have to make it sound so ordinary and uninteresting.

"A pleasure meeting you, Jessika." He reached over his head and held out his hand for me to shake. Awkwardly, I took his hand in mine and shook it lightly. That seemed to satisfy him.

Moving from the chaise, standing, he looked me in the eyes. I hadn't noticed before, our initial meeting not really being a great comparison for heights, but he was a good deal taller than me. Not towering over me like a giant, but when he stood next to me and looked down at me I felt smaller. Smaller but... safe? Protected? Odd, since he'd been so angry before, but he had a certain guardian type of air about him, too.

He moved closer, put his hands around my waist, and brought his face almost even with mine. I wasn't sure what I should do, so I lifted one arm up and put it around his neck while the other just hung there, loosely. My God, this was confusing. Were we going to... was he going to? He looked like he might kiss me. The smell of his cologne intoxicated me; jasmine with a hint of vanilla and a sensual, leathery musk undertone. My mouth opened slightly, preparing for his lips to touch mine.

"Jessika," he said. "I'm sorry about before. I'll buy you a new shirt, you don't have to worry about that."

"No," I said, confused. "It's fine. Really."

"I'm married and I feel like my behavior was out of line."

"No!" I said again. "It's fine. I enjoyed it, I..."

"You're an attractive woman and I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it, too, but that wasn't the point. I got carried away, and..."

Argh! I wanted to press my lips against his, kiss him, make him want to pull me close and do it all over again, except the only thing I managed to do was say, "If you think I deserve more punishment then I accept that and you can do it again if you'd like."

"Oh, Jessika." He laughed, but there was some undeniable twinkle in his eye. Or, I thought there was, but when I tried to figure it out, it was gone just as quick.

And then he asked me, "I know this is sudden, but would you consider becoming an egg donor for me and my wife? I'll need to discuss it with her first, but I believe she'll accept the idea. You'll need to carry the child, too, but I'll make certain you're comfortable. I can arrange for you to have suitable living quarters in my home for the duration of your pregnancy."

"There's no need to donate," I blurted out. "We can just have sex..." I realized what I'd said before I finished, and the words hung there, awkward.

He stared at me for a brief moment, stared into me, and then he laughed again. Moving his hands away from my hips, he stepped away and walked to his office door.

"I..." I said, trying to think of something to say. Something witty, or sexy, or funny, or intelligent, but I couldn't manage any of those.

"Are you busy tomorrow?" he asked. "Let's arrange a lunch date. I'll let you know what Beatrice thinks, and you can let me know if you'll agree, too. Consider your answer ample repayment for the book, whether you agree or not. Those are my conditions. I won't accept anything else."

And, he left.

I stood there, stunned, staring at the door to his office. Did he just ask me out on a date? Not a real date, I guess, but...

I scrambled to clean the rest of his office, completely forgetting about my clothes. When I finished, I retrieved my outfit and put it on as best I could, but the shirt was ruined. Before I could worry about it, someone knocked on the door, opened it a crack, and slipped a package through and onto the floor before closing the door again and leaving.

Curious, I walked over to the package. On the top, written in a hasty scrawl, was a note that said, "Ms. Fevrier, courtesies of Asher Landseer."

I opened the package. Inside was the most beautiful silk chemise dress I'd ever seen. I held it up to get a better look, marveling at it. It was shorter than anything I usually wore, the skirt stopping at the middle of my thigh, but it was wonderful.

I pinched the soft, silk fabric between my fingers and gawked at the lovely pattern colored into it; a cloudy sky on the left side, going from collarbone to hip, with a rich, red rose blooming up towards the right breast, and a deep green field from the waist down. A lighthearted but fashionable piece of clothing, the sort of thing I could wear to a casual spring ball(if I were ever invited to one). Had he really just replaced my cheap blouse with an expensive dress? When I turned it around to look at the back, two pieces of paper slipped out of the sleeve and fell to the ground.

One was a receipt, with a price I thought couldn't possibly be right. It was a beautiful dress, but was it really that pricey?

The other was a personal note from Asher Landseer: "If you don't like the dress, feel free to return it. I'll see you tomorrow at noon. Meet me at The Simple Path. Reservations are under Asher Landseer. Don't be late."

His Absolute Requirements

I didn't know what to wear for my meet up with Asher. He'd called it a date(or a lunch date to be specific), but I had a hard time thinking of it as such. That's what the upper class called these things, wasn't it? A lunch date wasn't anything more than a business meeting at a restaurant for someone like Asher Landseer.

He'd made reservations at The Simple Path, one of the fancier Japanese restaurants in the city. I'd never been, though I'd always wanted to go. The food was supposed to be amazing, with the caveat that everything on the menu had an equally amazing price tag. I could afford it on occasion, if I really wanted, but it definitely wasn't an everyday affair. And lunch at The Simple Path meant I'd need to put off saving for a weekend vacation or some similar extravagance, so I'd never bothered. An hour of lunch, or a trip to Maine's beaches for a couple of days?

My God, I really wanted to go, though. I absolutely loved Japanese food. Sushi, sashimi, pork and chicken katsu, and even the occasional vegetable tempura. I dabbled in other entrees, but stuck with the basics most times. There was something utterly divine about a fried piece of sweet potato. It was indescribably amazing.

I wasted precious minutes contemplating food options, and wondering how exactly The Simple Path prepared them differently compared to my typical jaunts to Yi's Hibachi Grill and Buffet. I couldn't leave Asher waiting, couldn't leave him sitting in the restaurant wondering if I'd show. Sure, he'd been a jerk to me the other day, had done some outrageous things, but...

I imagined it all over again. His hand grabbing me, my heart beating fast, his fingertips pressed into my wrist and able to feel each pulse of my veins. Him gently tossing me on his private meeting room table and stripping me down, throwing my clothes onto the floor, scattering them around like the pages of his antique book that I'd accidentally destroyed. And my subsequent arousal at all this. How could I find it attractive? I had no idea, and still couldn't fathom it, but Asher had removed my distraction rather quickly, now hadn't he? With his fingers, he'd...

Except a temporary solution didn't solve everything. After, when I finished cleaning his office in only my pantyhose, I'd wanted him to want me, to take me again, but this time with something more than his fingers. And...

He barely spared me a glance. Barely wanted to notice I was cleaning or that I was in his office.

Then, later, why did he ask me what he'd asked? I knew the answer, understood his logic. His wife was infertile and disliked the idea of having children in the first place. Most likely any kids they had together would grow up under the watch of a live-in nanny as opposed to having real parents. That's how rich families did things, right? I honestly didn't know, but it sounded correct.

Asher, though, he sounded like he wanted children. He'd even asked me if I would consider being an egg donor for his wife. Except she wouldn't want to carry any child to term, so I'd need to do that, too. Was that really donating, then? There were obviously ways to do something like that, but the situation seemed so far out there and strange that I couldn't wrap my head around it.

What would I say? What was my answer? I'd put off thinking about it, unsure how to respond to him, except I needed to meet with him for lunch in...

Crap! Too much daydreaming, Jessika, I told myself. With nothing proper to wear to a classy place like The Simple Path, I snatched the chemise dress Asher gave me yesterday and put it on. Perhaps it was a little more casual than their typical patron's garb, but it was the best I owned at the moment.

The dress was patterned silk, with a picture of a cloudy sky on the topmost part, and a grassy green field from the waist down, ending at the middle of my thighs where the skirt stopped. A beautiful, vibrant red rose bloomed from the grass and up towards the sky at my right breast. It was eye-catching and amazing. I hoped, for whatever reason, Asher found it the same.

There had to be a reason he asked me on a lunch date, right? Something more than needing to hear my answer to his question about bearing a child for him and his wife. The way he talked, it sounded like they had a rocky relationship. But could I be content in acting like some mistress to him, if that was the case? He hadn't even offered a situation like that. I couldn't accept it, anyways. I had standards and morals. If he tried to convince me of it, I'd have to turn him down. Except, maybe if...

I shouldn't think these things, and I knew it, but it was hard not to. I was always a dreamer at heart, loving books and becoming lost in them. That's what led me to this in the first place. My terrible choice of college degree brought me to a temp agency for work, which resulted in me cleaning the Asher Landseer's office, and...

He liked literature, too, though. And maybe...?

Dammit! If I'd left five minutes ago, I might arrive on time. "Might" being the key word. Now I was definitely going to be late, and I still needed to finish my makeup. Why was I wearing sexy makeup to a casual lunch date?

I couldn't understand it, myself.

...

Asher stood in front of the mirror, checking himself over. He had an appropriately casual suit; dark blue with a silvery undershirt. A matching blue tie collared him and kept him from putting on properly casual airs, so he slipped it off and tossed it to the floor.

He wondered, really wondered, why he was going through with this. Why had he asked Jessika to father his children? Not that he required her to do much more than be a donator for his infertile wife, but to help sweeten the deal with Beatrice he'd asked if Jessika might be willing to carry the child to term, too.

And her answer? Well, why didn't they just have sex! She said it more shyly than that, a certain sense of demurity in her manner, but the audacity of it. Or, what others might think as audacious, at least. Asher had thought quite long and hard about her proposal.

Really, why had he done what he did yesterday? Yes, he was upset about her destroying his book. Granted, he knew it wasn't really her fault, and an antiquarian might be able to restore the book to its previous, undestroyed appearance. It wasn't even about the book, though. He loved the book, appreciated Dante's Inferno and Dante's intent behind writing a work of that nature, but...

There were more books in the world. More copies of Dante's Inferno, too. Probably even a copy exactly like the one she destroyed. It was expensive, but he could afford it.

He'd been on end, though. Nerve-wracked. Beatrice's trip to the doctors kept him anxious. He knew what she wanted out of it, and she'd gotten exactly that, but what did he want? He wanted a family, children, a normal household, somehow, amidst his wealth and otherwise abnormal life.

Jessika was normal, in a way, but then again, she wasn't. Asher recognized it in her immediately. He had a flair, some otherworldly knack, for understanding intelligence, and Jessika definitely had what he wanted. Women cared so little for reading these days, or so it seemed. Perhaps he only based his judgments off of Beatrice and her callous disregard for anything bookish. They had a magnificent library at home, with every sort of book imaginable, and yet she rarely bothered to go in there.

And, truth be told, she rarely bothered to remain at home, either. How many years had it been now since they'd started trying for a child? Only one, but it seemed far longer. They'd tried, seriously tried, only a few times during that year, too. He'd almost chalked it up to unavailability, but in some scheme of hers she'd suggested a visit to the doctors.

He understood the reason immediately. She didn't want children, but felt obligated as his wife. He could respect that. With this, with medical confirmation, she'd absolved herself of those marital requirements, though. But then, he thought, what else was there?

He'd met her through an arrangement between his mother and his mother's associate. He and Beatrice hit it off fairly well from the start, but she always kept herself reserved. At first he thought it was a privacy issue, where she was guarded and cautious, but after four years of marriage he'd learned that was just how she was.

Not with everyone, though. With most, and with Asher, but she had acquaintances who she acted more sociable around. More... herself? Asher wondered sometimes if he actually knew her. He knew things about her, knew what she liked and disliked, and other tidbits of information that lovers knew, but he didn't know if he really knew Beatrice.

And he absolutely knew he didn't know Jessika. Jessika seemed more... real... though? He chalked it up to a fascination. In all likelihood, she was more attracted to his money than him, and he understood that. Nothing wrong with it, per se, since he realized that was the life he lived. It was difficult to find people who appreciated the smaller things in life as opposed to those who desired a higher monetary existence.

Silly for him, the CEO of a multi-billion dollar enterprise, to think this way, but he didn't care. That was how everyone rich thought, wasn't it? Woe is me, everyone only wants me for my money.

Suck it up, Asher, he told himself. No one cares about your ridiculous billionaire problems.

He fetched his cufflinks from a drawer in the top of his dresser and pinned them into the cuffs of his silver dress shirt. Perfect. He had just enough time to arrive early for his and Jessika's lunch date at The Simple Path.

...

I scrambled out of the taxi after tossing the driver a twenty. I was about to rush off, to hurry towards The Simple Path and apologize profusely to Asher for being late, but some part of me held off. I only owed the driver eight dollars, and a twelve dollar tip seemed excessive. His wide smile turned into a miserly scowl as he doled out my change. To be fair, I handed him a few bills back, but he still looked annoyed at being shortchanged from his previous generous tip.

Oh well, I thought, can't please everyone, right? I was on a roll with that today and it seemed like I wasn't going to please anyone, though. I reached into my purse and checked my cell phone for the time. Nine minutes late for my noontime lunch date with Asher.

I hurried into The Simple Path. A man greeted me at the door, stopping me with a friendly smile and a hasty shuffle to block my way inside. I reminded myself this wasn't a typical restaurant. I couldn't just look through the tables and head over to my friends, moving past the front door man with hardly a word.

He kept up that friendly smile while talking to me. "May I help you, miss? Do you have reservations?"

I nodded fast. "I'm here for Asher?" I wasn't sure how this was supposed to go, but that seemed like enough information.

"Asher?" he asked. Turning to a ledger on his podium, he gave it a cursory glance. "Can you be more specific?"

Really now? Asher wasn't the most common of names. If he had more than one on his list, I'd be surprised. "Asher Landseer?" I offered.

The man nodded and looked up from his listings. "Alright. Will you wait here a moment?"

I nodded. Yes, of course, where else would I go? He called someone else over and whispered into the other man's ear. They both gave me a strange look. Why? I didn't know. Maybe this was what they did in fancy restaurants? Part of the appeal? It really didn't strike me as all that appealing, but who was I to judge against tradition.

When the other man walked off, leaving me alone with the man at the front desk, it suddenly dawned on me. Yes, Asher was here, and I knew this, but they didn't know he'd invited me. For all they knew, I was some deranged stalker, or a seductive assassin, or who knew what else. Paparazzi? I had no camera, except... no, I had my cell phone, so I technically did have something I could take discrete pictures with.

The idea amused me. I was Jessika Fevrier, essentially no one of particular importance. I mean, I thought I was important, but compared to someone like Asher, to these people I was nothing. But they didn't know that, and so I had my current status upgraded to a suspect for possible trouble. I amused myself with those thoughts while I waited for the other man to return.

I expected this all to be taken care of in short order, and it was, except...

Along with the other man who'd ostensibly gone to question after my authenticity, Asher returned, too. He gave me a bright, brilliant smile, then patted the man behind the ledger desk on the shoulder.

"This is my guest for the afternoon," he told the man. "The lady, Jessika Fevrier. Sorry for the confusion. I should have waited for her before seating myself, but it must have skipped my mind."

"Oh, Mr. Landseer," the man said. "No, no. My apologies. I didn't recognize your...?" He stumbled, clearly thinking I must be someone of importance that he'd failed to notice.

"Acquaintance," Asher said, rather more firmly than I thought necessary. "Ms. Fevrier? Shall we?"

He held out his arm. I was too dumbstruck and confused to realize I should take it. Not to mention disappointed. I knew I shouldn't expect anything, but being relegated to acquaintance? That was barely better than "a random woman I met off the street." In fact, I might've liked that one more, since at least it had an air of mystery about it.

At a smile and a coaxing from Asher, I put my hand around his arm and let him take the lead. We walked through The Simple Path, past elegant dining tables with rustic, wooden chairs, towards the back of the restaurant. I didn't know what to expect upon first stepping foot into the place, but I definitely didn't expect the string quartet playing music off to the side. There was a small, squared off area for dancing, too, except it looked like dancing was currently not in fashion because everyone steered as far away from the dance floor as possible. The tables farthest away from the musicians were filled to capacity, but the ones closest looked empty and abandoned. Odd, since I would have figured those would be the best seats.

Asher brought me to a section in the rear with private rooms. Not even really a room, but a little alcove big enough to seat a handful of people, with a cushion directly on the floor and a table so low that to sit at it we'd need to cross our legs or sit with our feet straight out. I wondered which was the more proper way and waited for Asher to sit so I could watch and learn.

Except, lady's first. Dammit! The one time I didn't want a gentleman, and here I was, with someone who would never act unchivalrous. I stepped towards the cushion, unsure and slow, staring at the floor.

"You take your shoes off first," Asher offered with a grin. "Shall I?" He mimicked kneeling to help me remove them.

"N-no!" My God, this was embarrassing. I stepped out of my high heels and...

"Right here," Asher said, tapping a mat off to the side. I put my heels there. "The proper way to sit is called seiza, but most women can't do it for..."

I interrupted him before he could finish. "I can do it. What's seiza?"

He cleared his throat and tossed me a quick smile before explaining. "Kneeling, with your feet under your rear. It's a strictly feminine way of sitting, but if you need a demonstration I can emasculate myself for a moment."

"I can do it!" I said. Far be it for me not to know these things. Granted, I didn't know them, and maybe I would make a fool out of myself, but after he explained it I felt I had a decent grasp of what I needed to do. I wasn't about to let Asher mock me by letting him show me how to sit properly. How hard could it be?

Stepping into the alcove onto one of the cushions, I lowered my knees onto it and sat on the heels of my feet.

"Perfect," he said with a nod.

When he sat opposite me on the other cushion, he simply sat cross-legged.

"Hey," I said. "Is that customary?"

"For me, yes," he replied. "This is the casual Japanese way of sitting for a man."

"So I can sit like that?" I asked.

"If you want. I won't mind. Typically the casual way for a woman is to put your feet to the side and sit directly on the cushion, though." When I scooted both my feet sideways so they were to the right of my body, he nodded. "Yes, like that."

Well, no. I was of a mind to show him I could be quite the formal and sophisticated lady. I put my feet back under my butt and sat with my back completely straight in some haughty show of refinement. Asher rolled his eyes and laughed at me.

"What?" I asked.

"Nothing," he said. "Very good."

A waiter brought us menus and asked after drinks. I ordered water, having no idea what else to order. Asher did the same, but asked for a tokkuri (one of those bulbous flasks, I guessed?) of sake, too, plus cups for each of us.

I had bad experiences with sake, and I told him as much.

"Oh, really?" he asked with a smirk. "What sort of bad experiences?"

"A lady doesn't drink and tell," I said. Honestly, if I told him the truth about a drunken stumble through the city, being kicked out of a cab with my friend halfway to my house, and us wandering in our inebriation towards a park where we collapsed on a bench, convinced it was the couch in my living room, I was pretty sure he'd never speak to me again. That wasn't the kind of story you told someone you met yesterday, regardless of what happened during your first meeting with them.

"I suppose," he said, teasing, "I'll just have to see what you do after we have our first cup."

"First and last," I said. "I won't be having more. I have to-" What did I have to do? Nothing. I had no work for today, since I wouldn't be able to find anything at the temp agency this late in the day. In fact, I'd intentionally told them I couldn't work today because of this lunch date, meeting, or whatever it was. But I couldn't very well tell Asher that...

"I need to wash my hair," I said after a long pause. "Alcohol closes up the pores and makes it harder to clean."

"Pores?" he asked. "In your hair?"

"Well, yeah? Hair is just dead skin, basically, and skin has pores, so..." Did hair have pores? It sounded good in my head, but I had no clue.

"Which is why people eat greasy food after a night of drinking," Asher added, matter-of-factly, with a hint of sarcasm. "The oil will travel to the hair and make it shinier, since washing it won't work as well."

"Y-yes..." I doubted he bought my explanation, but his comeback was impeccable.

To escape his scrutiny, I stuffed my face into the menu, pretending to browse through the choices. When I actually looked at what I had in front of me, I frowned.

"The menu is in Japanese," I said.

"Yes," he said, agreeing.

"How are we supposed to order anything when we can't read it?" Why was he so calm! He acted as if he had control over everything, like the situation would bend itself to his will and come out just perfectly, except how? How could he know? I didn't even know what I was supposed to order to eat, but from looking at Asher I had a feeling that he knew exactly what he'd be eating today, and every other day for a year.

The waiter returned just then with a steaming ceramic pitcher of sake. He reverently placed it in the center of our table, along with two small, delicate ceramic cups. "Have you both decided what to order?" he asked.

Asher nodded. "We'll have an order of nabe yaki udon, yasai itame, tonkatsu, chicken kara age, and your lover's special sushi platter."

I glared at Asher, annoyed. "Excuse me, do I have a say in this?"

"Did you want to order something, too? I think I covered all our bases."

I slammed the menu on the table and stared at it. Asher apologized to the waiter and asked if he could wait a moment. Dammit! He could read Japanese? That should have impressed me, I suppose, except it only pissed me off. I decided on a simple dish that they had to have, because otherwise the embarrassment would be too much and I thought I might just walk out right then and there.

"Vegetable tempura," I said, sheepish.

"An excellent choice, madame," the waiter said with a smile.

Once the waiter left, I confronted Asher. "You read Japanese?" My tone was nothing less than outraged.

"No, but I come here enough that I know most of the menu. If you don't know what something is, all you need to do is ask, you know?"

How obvious. I'd been so caught up in worrying about my problem, worrying about being seen as some ignorant common woman, that I'd missed something so glaringly obvious. Granted, he could have told me that, or he could have asked me about the things he'd ordered, but still.

"Is that why you invited me here?" I asked him, frustrated, the very bare beginnings of tears in my eyes. "Did you want to humiliate me? I know I destroyed your book and I'm so very sorry about that, but there are better ways to go about accepting it than embarrassing someone. Maybe I'm not rich and I probably couldn't afford to pay for half of what you ordered, but that doesn't mean you can just mock me."

"Jessika..." he said, looking upset. Why was he upset? I was the one being made fun of here.

"Look. I get it, alright? I really do. Everything was just some farce. I'm sure that's how it always is with you people. Pick up some person you consider beneath you and bring them out somewhere fancy and then laugh at all the bumbling things they do, and then let everyone else in the restaurant laugh, too. Maybe most people don't even realize it, but I do, so I'm just going to leave now. I understand what you wanted to do, and I understand why you did it, but that doesn't make it any better for me, you know?"

He didn't even say anything to contradict me. Asher looked at me gravely, the most serious expression on his face. I wasn't sure what to think of that. Was he annoyed that I'd caught onto his game? Or maybe upset with himself for playing me into his hand without even considering my feelings?

He moved to the side of his seat cushion. I thought he was about to leave, in which case I had no idea what I would say to the waiter. No, please, don't bring the food. Asher is gone, and I can't afford it? That would go over well. Of course, maybe they'd put it on his tab, or whatever, charge him for it when he came in next, but that still didn't make me feel any better.

But, no, he didn't leave. He reached for a folding door hidden in a slit in the side of the alcove entrance. Pulling it out of its hiding spot, he moved it so that it covered the rest of the entrance, closing us into our own private, personal spot. The door wasn't the most sturdy, but it looked like more than enough for our small room.

"It's surprisingly good at dulling sounds," Asher said. "And as long as you don't scream no one will hear anything more than a muffled conversation," he added.

I watched him return to his spot, dumbfounded.

"I didn't mean to embarrass you," he said. "I apologize if you thought I did. I figured you wouldn't know what to order, and I'm used to ordering for the table, so I did. Everything will be delicious, I assure you. It's nothing too strange, either. And-" He paused for a second, his brow furrowing. "You can sit however you'd like. I know it's uncomfortable to sit seiza-style. My wife can't handle it for more than a few minutes, and you've been sitting like that for close to ten."

I wiped the tears from my eyes. Why was he so nice now? He acted so arrogant before, and he still had a certain sense of cockiness, but he was... nicer? I didn't know how to explain it, but he seemed easier to get along with now.

My legs did ache, too. I'd wanted to ignore it, to show him up, but I could barely feel them anymore; they were tingling, and most definitely asleep. I tried to move my feet to the side like he'd showed me before, but that didn't help.

"Stretch them out," Asher said. "Here, I'll sit to the side and do the same. That way we can both be comfortable."

"Alright," I said. I shifted to the side and he moved the opposite way, then we both put our legs straight out in front of us.

And, to my surprise, Asher took one of my feet in his hands. He moved it into his lap, then began massaging my calf, easing away the tingling sensation. I gasped, caught off guard, but he only smiled at me.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Shhh," he said.

His fingers! My God, he had an amazing touch. And, well, obviously, right? He brought me to cli**x only yesterday in a matter of minutes with them, though I thought maybe some of that had to do with the situation and my excitement of who exactly was doing such a thing to me. But, no, even with something relatively innocent, he could work magic with his strong hands.

In a few seconds, my calf felt delightfully relaxed. Still a bit tingly, "waking up" as it was, but better. I stared at him, rapt, watching him work so intently on massaging away my pain. And then I got an idea.

He had my foot in his lap, which of course gave me access to his crotch. Not exactly, and this was probably not in his initial plans, but I gained a certain amount of satisfaction by ruining what he had in mind. Only a little bit of ruining, I thought. Just enough.

I rolled my ankle, letting my foot move in a circle, presumably stretching it while he massaged my calf. And then, as if by accident, I curled my toes so that they touched the crotch of his pants. I saw it, or I thought I did; a faint hint of a startle on Asher's face. But then it was gone, and he acted as if nothing was amiss.

I frowned a bit. Not one to give up so easily, I pressed my toes to his crotch again, more firm this time. I wore no pantyhose, opting for bare feet and panties instead, so the skin of my toes touched directly on the cotton fabric of his dark blue suit pants. I caressed him with my foot, feeling a twitch of interest from the masculine object hidden under his pants.

While I stared, intent, at my foot in his crotch, I didn't notice Asher had stopped massaging my calf and was now looking at me.

"Jessika," he said with a growl.

"Yes?" I asked, feigning innocence.

He pulled my leg, removing me from my comfortable spot on the seat cushion. My rear slid forward under the table, and my back moved down so that my head rested where my shoulders used to be. Asher grinned at me, some devilishly delicious expression, before placing his black-socked foot-just so-right between my legs. I gasped as his big toe found the cleft of my sex, wriggling up and down along it.

"Asher!" I said, half whisper and half gasp.

"Yes?" he asked. His feigned innocence came as more of a predatory snarl.

My f**king God, I thought. What kinds of buttons was I pushing, and then what kinds was he pushing back? Never would I have expected this to happen. In fact, I was quite certain it wouldn't. I don't know why I started it in the first place, but now that he'd continued it I had no idea where to go from there.

And, this time wasn't a punishment, was it? It could be, I told myself. Who knew? His toes tweaked at my panties, moving the fabric against the arousal of my slick folds, making me squirm in his grasp. In an attempt to pull myself away, to reciprocate and return his action, I guided my foot up and down his crotch again.

He was going to get me off with his foot and I couldn't even understand how. It was so strange, entirely new, but I wanted it so badly. I writhed in the chair, grinding my pelvis against his foot, silently pleading with him with my eyes.

Just as things were getting good, someone knocked on the wooden sliding door. "I've brought the lover's special to start, and the rest will be available shortly," our waiter said.

Disheveled and completely undone as a person, I somehow managed to return to my sitting position. Asher did the same, though much more elegantly than I could have ever imagined. Once we were both sitting somewhat normally, Asher opened the sliding door and smiled at the waiter.

The man glanced at us oddly. My hair, I realized. Asher wouldn't have to worry about much, except maybe a crease in his suit coat, but when he'd pulled on my leg and made me fall backwards, he'd mussed up my hair. I struggled to fix it while the waiter and his assistant placed plates, the lover's special, and various saucers of sauces on our table.

"Let me know if you need anything else," the waiter said with a nod. Then he left.

Asher promptly closed the door again.

"Jessika," he said, hesitating.

"Yes?" I asked. No more innocence this time. I really didn't know what he wanted, but I was so pent up, orgasm lost, and I desperately wanted to continue where we'd left off.

"I-" he said, still hesitating. "I know you know I'm married, and I don't want you to get the wrong idea."

"Wrong idea about what?" I said. And, what an idiotic thing to say? Obviously I knew what he meant! I was fooling around with a married man in a private alcove in a luxury restaurant, then asking him what he meant when he said I shouldn't get the wrong idea? He probably thought I was stupid.

"You do... things... to me," he said.

"Hm?"

"I expected to come here and talk business with you. A friendly meeting, though. Not strictly business, mind you, but... the question I asked you about yesterday? Lunch, too, of course, but the main reason we're here is because of what I asked you before, about the favor for my wife and I. I've discussed it briefly with her and she's not completely opposed to the idea, and I talked with one of my financial advisers about the technicalities. He said to see if you would do it for no cost, since he assumes you might, considering the nature of my proposal and who I am. I would never do that, though. I'll compensate you quite generously if you agree, but I want you to know there's no pressure if you disagree, too."

"Asher?" I said. "Let's just eat first, alright?"

"I'm not trying to be so formal," he said. And with a laugh, he added, "Some romantic part of me wanted to say that you can give me your decision once we're done. Meaning, you choose when we finish by stating your decision, and we can stay and have a nice time before that, doing whatever you like."

"Romantic?" I asked, teasing. "Like this lover's special? You are married, aren't you?"

He grinned and shook his head in grief. "Romantic as in romanticized. And the lover's special is just a sushi platter for two. It's not my fault they named it that."

"Yeah, I know." I felt silly, but I grinned back at him. What was I, some silly schoolgirl with a crush? This was beyond me, he was beyond me, and I didn't know how to deal with it. But... "Is everything alright with your wife?" I asked, before I could stop myself.

Asher frowned, but only for a moment. "She's away," he said, carefully. "She prefers it. The city is too stuffy for her sometimes. She needs to go to different places to feel more comfortable. That's how she's always been."

"Do you miss her?"

He smiled. "You know? Sometimes I do, yes. But for better or for worse, right? I want her to be happy, too."

But she's leaving you alone! That's what I wanted to say. This handsome, wonderful man, who went into amazing fits of passion like any woman might dream of, who had the foresight to request us this closed off room so I might feel more comfortable in the unknown atmosphere of a ritzy establishment, and who was quick to offer a massage when my foot ached. And, yes, he was a bit commanding at times, perhaps far too much, but my God I wanted him to be so much more commanding, too.

For better or for worse? He wanted to make her happy? There was nothing in his expression or his tone that said this, but I felt like he wasn't-but should be-happy. And maybe that wasn't her fault. I wasn't anyone who should be dissecting their marriage and trying to figure out the flaws in it, since I had no clue about their relationship, but...

I couldn't do this. I was setting myself up for something horrible and wrong and I wouldn't allow myself to concoct these dreams and emotions of helping this man overcome his loneliness. For all I knew, he liked it that way. Maybe he had more time to himself. He was reclusive, right? That's what every article said about him, and even if they were similar to tabloids, entertainment gossip, why would anyone lie about that?

He liked being alone, and his wife liked to travel, so perhaps they were a match made in heaven. I had no right to judge their relationship, or them.

"Would you pour me some sake?" Asher asked, snapping me back to reality.

I stared at him. "Can't you pour it yourself?"

He grinned. "I could, but it's Japanese custom for two people eating to pour each other's drinks. I'll pour yours if you'll pour mine?"

"Is that like 'I'll show you mine if you show me yours?'" I asked in a fit of sassiness.

"Similar," he said with a laugh, "but not quite."

I stuck my tongue out at him. I don't know why. It was a silly, girlish thing to do, but he stuck his tongue out right back at me. I smiled, then reached for the ceramic pitcher and poured him a cup of the heated drink. The warmth of it let up a slip of steam. He returned the favor, leaving me with a cup of warm sake to drink.

I sipped at my drink, letting the hot, warmth of it trickle down my throat and leave a pleasant burn. Asher raised his cup in a toast. I wasn't used to this, to toasting, or customs, or anything at all like what he was treating me to, but I didn't feel as awkward as I'd first felt. Lifting my cup, I waited for him to speak.

"To your answer," he said. "Whatever it may be. I hope it leads us both to a revelation."

I laughed and tapped my cup against his when he tipped it towards mine. The sake rippled in our cups, and when I went to drink, it seemed more like a pond than a cup of spirits. Some infinite, endless, bottomless cup, where if I tossed something into it, that something would never come out again. But then, what if I tossed it into me? I drank the contents of my cup in one large, unladylike gulp.

I guess I'd find out? Philosophy wasn't my inherent strong suit, but I loved literature, and there was a certain amount of depth required to understand much of it, so I liked to think I had a knack for thought-provoking topics. Granted, sake was sake, no matter how I looked at it, but maybe it would change my life some day? It already had, in a way. I would never have gotten as drunk as I had before, fallen asleep on a park bench with a friend, if it weren't for sake. Not a lot of people could say the same.

I don't think a lot of people would want to, either.

"So, Jessika," Asher said, conversationally. With a pair of chopsticks he found wrapped in a napkin near his plate, he plucked up a few pieces of sushi from our platter. "What do you do?"

"I... what?" I asked, stalling. To possibly give me more time, I snatched up some sushi for myself, too. If need be, I could eat one and use the excuse of chewing? Not a very good excuse, as I probably shouldn't put something in my mouth right as I needed to answer a question, but the option was there.

"You work for a temp agency, but do you clean offices often? Are you looking for a more steady job? A career? You strike me as someone who has potential."

I smiled, though I felt faint. "You sound like a hiring manager," I said. I wanted that to come across as witty and a joke, but my voice cracked when I talked.

I didn't want to tell him. I wanted to retain some mystery about myself, safeguard any potentially disruptive information. If he knew I had no idea, that I worked as a temp because there just weren't a lot of "good" jobs requiring an English Language and Literature degree, would he dislike me for it?

"I..." I started to say. He refused to respond, merely sitting and watching me while he chewed an unagi roll. "I don't... well, I don't have anything lined up right now. I sort of..."

I stumbled, hoping he might catch me and go with it. Maybe he would see my anxiety and relieve me from having to continue? But, no, no he didn't. The only thing he did that was somewhat helpful was pour me another cup of sake. I sipped at it, plopped a cucumber roll into my mouth, chewed, and figured out where to go from there.

"The thing is," I said, thinking I could soften this if I used the right angle. "I graduated with a BA in English and Literature. It's not the most lucrative career option, I know, but reading and the English language have always been my passion. There's just so much more that you can describe in English that isn't in any other language. We have so many words for so many things, and multiple words for the same things that give entirely different impressions or contexts, and..."

I drank some more sake. I definitely felt like I needed it. "I don't know what to do with it, though. No one tells you when you're in school, but some degrees are worthless. I have a degree to have a degree, basically. I can't really do anything with it, except get a few jobs that require a general BA with no real focus. I could go into a writing related field, but the most surefire one is a technical writer, and I..."

"You'd rather clean offices and do menial labor than ruin your passion for the language by reducing it to a base, technical thing?" he offered.

"Yes," I said, letting out a sigh of relief. No one else had really understood that before.

And, sure, technical writing paid decently. It wasn't a bad job in the least, and I imagine a lot of people enjoyed it. But I couldn't make myself do it, no matter how hard I tried. If I could hold out hope, give myself a chance towards something else, then at least my dreams would survive, no matter what else died. If not for dreams, what did we have?

"What do you do, though?" he asked, pointedly. "You don't want to be a technical writer, but what do you want?"

"I..." I hadn't told anyone this, didn't intend to tell him, but it slipped out. "I do book reviews," I said all of a sudden. "Nothing formal, but I really enjoy it. I have a website dedicated to it, kind of like a blog, and I read books in my spare time and then write up a review. I can usually get one done every week, or sometimes if it's a longer book it takes a couple. I could do more, but I need to work, too. I don't think... I don't think it's a very profitable business, but..."

Asher grinned. He held out a sushi roll for me on the end of his chopsticks and instinctively I opened my mouth to receive it. Only when he let it go as I held it between my teeth and let it slip into my mouth did I realize what he'd just done. Feeding me like... like a pet? Or something more, something different?

"The way I see it," he said, "you obviously need to do something involving what you love. Books are a passion, but sometimes you need to make concessions in life, too. Have you thought of reviewing something else, or perhaps some other kind of book? A more popular genre, perhaps? Something more recent, like what's on the Amazon Kindle Best Sellers lists? What kinds of books do you prefer? Not everyone enjoys writing as literary as Dante's Inferno, you know?" He grinned a wicked grin.

"Asher, I'm so terribly sorry about that again. I really didn't mean to ruin your book. I still feel badly."

He waved away my concern. Then he scooted further to the side and patted the cushion next to him. "Sit here. It's easier to discuss things if we're closer."

Was that it? Yes, it made sense to some extent, but not really. Still, I went. I would have gone no matter what. I didn't know what it was about him, but I felt like I should hang on his every word, wait for him to demand something from me, and then do it as best I could. And not for any particular reason save for the fact that he seemed like the type of person who would never lead me astray. Why did I think this? What was it? I felt guarded and unsure around him, but I also felt a sense of trustworthiness.

When I went to sit next to him, moving slowly as if in a dream, he brought out a pen and pad of paper from his suit coat. As a random observation, I added, "You're still wearing your coat."

He gave me a quizzical look, then laughed. "I am, aren't I? Well, there's no need for it. I guess I just feel more comfortable in it than out of it." He took it off, revealing the rest of his silver shirt, and put the coat at his side.

"The way I see it, and I don't know much about this business so forgive me any mistakes, but there's many ways to become successful when dealing with something like this. First, reviewing something that sells is..."

"Asher," I said, interrupting. "I know you mean well, but..."

"I'm getting ahead of myself, aren't I?" he said.

"No, it's not that, but..." I didn't know how to say this gracefully, so I just let it loose. "I'm not a very good drinker."

"Oh."

"I don't do it too much and..."

"Yes, sake has a decently high alcohol content."

"I'm not drunk, but..."

"We can discuss business another time," he said with a grin.

"What do you do?" I asked, suddenly. I don't know why I asked it, because I knew what he did. He was the CEO of Landseer Enterprises, running numerous different entertainment and vacation holdings. Resorts, mostly, with a few casinos, and there were rumors they had share in other places, but that information was kept carefully secret. Why? I didn't know. I wasn't a billionaire, or else I'd probably keep billionaire secrets, too. That didn't stop me from wanting to know, though.

"Besides running a multi-billion dollar company, which makes me seem much more extravagant than I think I am," Asher said, "I like photography."

I stared at him, dumbfounded. "Photography?" I asked.

"Yes, but..."

"But?"

"I won't tell you the type."

"Please?" I begged. Like some foolish girl I tugged on his shirt sleeve. It was the alcohol, I told myself, except I really just wanted to touch him, to be closer to him.

He leaned close to me, whispering into my ear. "I trust you'll keep a secret. I enjoy photography of an intimate and female sort. I don't share this information with many people."

I looked at him as if he were daft. "So you take sexy pictures of scantily clad woman?" I asked.

"You make it sound so artistic," he said, rolling his eyes.

"I guess it could be..."

"I'll show you if you want."

"What do you mean by that? I don't want to see pictures of other women."

"No," he said, matter-of-fact. "Of course not. We can do a session, you and me, and I'll show you what goes into it, then you can see the results first hand."

"Asher," I said, leaning my head on his shoulder. "That won't work. I'm not sexy enough."

He downed his current cup of sake, then poured me another, and held out his cup for me to do the same. Together, we drank.

"I beg to differ," he said.

"What do you mean you beg to differ? I think I know myself, and I definitely know I'm not sexy enough to be in any of your pornographic photos."

"Pornographic!" he said, as if it were the most amusing concept in the world. "Hardly! Jessika, this is art. Like classic Greek sculptures, I capture the pure essence of each individual."

"You do realize that most classic Greek sculptures have woman of quite more than adequate proportions, don't you? You basically just called me fat."

"I did nothing of the sort. In fact, I resent that." He rolled his eyes and made to move away from me, but only in teasing. "You're not even close to fat, anyways. I'm glad you like the dress, by the way. It looks lovely on you."

"I do," I said. "I like it."

I inched closer to him. I wanted more, a lot more. I looked up at Asher, saw a look in his eyes that I hadn't seen before. What was it? I moved closer, trying to figure it out, but halfway there I gave up. The alcohol fuzzed my brain. Not a lot, but enough. At least I wouldn't be sleeping on a park bench tonight, not yet anyways.

It made me a little bolder, though. I put my hand on his crotch, felt his manhood beneath his pants. How did it come to this? I didn't know. Asher watched me, stared at me, the look in his eyes changing ever so slightly. God, I wished I weren't somewhat drunk so I could better read him, except if I weren't I wouldn't have my hand on his crotch, now would I?

I craned my neck up, moved my head forward to kiss him, and he didn't stop me. His hand touched my breast, squeezed it, bunched up the fabric of my dress until he held it tight in his hand. I grabbed frantically for his erection, stroking him through his pants. I wanted those pants off. Right now.

Asher seemed the same. But, his wife. I couldn't do this, had to stop, and that's what I kept telling myself but I never did it.

The waiter knocked on the wooden sliding door. "The rest of your meal is ready," he said.

No, no! Asher pulled me away from him, made me put my hands in my lap and sit politely while he leaned over and opened the door. When the waiter saw us sitting next to each other, he raised one brow, but said nothing. One after another, him and his assistant placed plates of food on our table, neatly arranging them around our lover's special sushi platter. Once finished, the waiter closed the door for us, but not before saying, "I'll bring more sake, Mr. Landseer."

"Jessika," Asher said when we were alone again. "I'm sorry, but we can't do this. You're drunk."

Something struck me, some blind inspiration, and I decided to go with it. "You said we wouldn't end our lunch date until I told you my answer," I said. "I'm in no hurry to tell you."

I meant, though the words came out a bit hazy, that he was stuck with me. I would tell him when I felt like it, and keep him for myself until then. It sounded less nice when I said it aloud, but I hoped he caught my meaning.

"Is that so?" he asked. "I said it was a romanticized thought, but I never actually said I'd go through with it."

"You have to!" I pleaded. He was ruining my plans before I could even begin them, and it frustrated me.

"I'll do it," he said. "But I have a few requirements."

"What?" I asked. "I'll do them." Whatever they were, I would, if only to...

"First, we need to cease this. We are both adults, and I am married. We can't act as anything more than friendly to one another."

"Fine," I said in a huff, crossing my arms over my chest. "Fine. That's fine. I don't mean to sound upset, but I never meant it. It was an accident."

"Yes," he said, sounding unconvinced. "An accident."

"You said 'first.' What's second?"

"Second, if you insist on this, I insist you allow me to photograph you."

"I guess," I said. If I gave in for now, agreed to his requirements, then I thought I could stay with him for just a little longer. If I changed my mind tomorrow, what would he do? Our time together would be spent and done already. "When do you want to do this? I have the weekend free."

"As soon as we finish our meal," he said.

"What?" I stared at him, blinking.

"You've heard the requirements. Do you agree or not?"

"I..." I couldn't do that! I was... well, not yet, but I could become drunk if the waiter kept bringing us more sake. And, sexy? How was I supposed to be sexy? I knew a thing or two about it, and I understood the general premise, but I highly doubted I could look as appealing as the women in some of the photographs I'd seen before. Not to mention I didn't even know exactly what kind of photography he did. He said it was intimate and female, but that was vague enough to be almost anything.

"Do you agree or not?" he asked, repeating himself.

"Fine," I said. "I'll do it."

"Good," he said with a wicked grin. Picking up his chopsticks, he grabbed a piece of vegetable tempura; one of the fried sweet potatoes. "Excellent choice on the tempura, by the way. These are delicious. I haven't had them in forever."

His Absolute Instructions

I never thought I was sexy. That isn't to say I thought I was unattractive, but there's a difference between sexiness and an acceptable look. Everyone has something nice about their personal appearance, but that doesn't mean they have that je ne sais quoi sexual appeal.

I dressed as nicely as I could, though, wearing nice looking skirts and blouses. Maybe I bought my clothes at Macy's or J.C. Penney, but they looked good. Probably not as fashionable as women in Asher Landseer's tier, but I could buy ten full outfits with what they paid for a single blouse. I owned shelves full of body scrubs, soaps, facial cleansers, and a ton of other woman's essentials for my early morning routine when I was getting ready for the day. I loved to take baths, used rose, sandalwood, and green tea scented shampoo, and splurged on the more expensive conditioners.

I looked nice; I liked how I looked. Blonde, average weight, a little bit of a tan from the tanning machines at the gym where I shared a membership with a friend. I kept in shape, ate as well as I could, and cared about my appearance. Cosmetics, styling my hair, making sure my clothes were fresh and clean and without wrinkles.

Still, that didn't make me sexy. I was sure men found me attractive enough, and I'd had boyfriends in the past. Sex, compliments, and everything that went along with relationships.

But...

When Asher Landseer, the billionaire CEO of Landseer Enterprises asked to take sexy photos of me, I balked.

It was a requirement, he said. Not a requirement of his choosing, either, but mine. At least it was mine in a way. I could say no, I could disagree, but if I wanted him to agree to what I'd asked of him, then I needed to accept his requirement.

A small part of me wanted to run away right then. What was I getting myself into? He'd invited me to a restaurant to discuss something and that was it. Granted, he wanted to discuss me possibly becoming an egg donor and surrogate mother for him and his wife, so the situation was already awkward, but this just made it worse.

He teased me, tormented me, except I thought he didn't mean it in a bad way. An accident, like someone who was unsure how to proceed. Thinking back to what I'd done, I felt the same. Why did I curl my toes, let them trace towards his crotch and his stiffening manhood hidden beneath his pants. He'd offered me a calf massage and nothing more, and I was the one who took it further. Asher was the one who elevated it, almost getting me off with his foot, but then it stopped.

And started. And stopped.

Sitting in our private booth at The Simple Path, a luxurious Japanese restaurant, I answered him.

"Fine," I said. "I'll do it."

"Good," he said with a deliciously deviant grin on his face.

I wanted to kiss him so badly, but he reached for a piece of battered and fried sweet potato from our vegetable tempura plate. Why was I sitting next to him now? I'd started across the table, less intimate, and now here I was, sitting elbow to elbow with him, the Asher Landseer.

It was the sake. I was never a good drinker, always quick to get a bit of a buzz, and we'd gone through three cups of the drink already. Not drunk, not by a long shot, but I wanted an excuse. I needed a reason to stay near him, desired it. As per our agreement, I would answer him about surrogacy when I was good and ready, and not a moment sooner, and he would spend the day with me until I did. Was that selfish? Who had the better part of the deal there? It was his idea, a type of control, or the giving away of it, but what did he really want out of this?

I could keep him to myself, at least for a little bit, and pretend there was some other reason he wanted to share my company, some other purpose besides his request for me to think about becoming his wife's egg donor. She was infertile, they didn't see each other often, maybe he was lonely?

Maybe... he wanted... me?

I didn't know if I could let him take sexy pictures of me, though. A hobby, nothing more, just something he enjoyed doing in his spare time.

I never thought I was sexy. I still wasn't sure.

...

Asher didn't know what had come over him. He didn't know why he'd asked Jessika to model for his photography. It wasn't a shameful thing, not in his mind, and he owned all of the proper equipment, but this was new to him. He couldn't help himself. It was as if he needed to ask her, some fate ordained.

He never believed in fates or destinies or anything like that, though. People made their own paths in life, and he'd made his. He'd invited her here under the awkward, though innocuous reason of seeing how she would answer his request from the day prior.

Yes, nothing more than that, right? Except yesterday he'd chastised her by putting her on the table in his private meeting room and stripping her of all her clothes. True, she ruined one of his favorite books first, the one that his father had given to him after he graduated from private school and before he'd gone to college, but it was replaceable. Special, with memories, but she never destroyed the memories and sentiment.

He didn't think Jessika could ever do something like that. She only made them, new ones, blossomed and nurtured thoughts.

She was plain, regular, and... no, she was none of those things. Her clothing looked average, but like any book, there was a lot going on beneath her cover. He wanted to know it, to read her, to sit by a fire while drinking a fine wine and exploring every aspect of her as if she were a classic work of literature and he was stuck inside on a rainy, dismal day.

He had a wife. He couldn't do these things. This was some inexplicable fascination. He tried to dissuade himself, letting himself look at her. She wore the casual chemise shirt he gave her yesterday after he'd ripped the buttons from her other shirt. The skirt covering her legs went a little higher than her hips, but it was nothing out of the ordinary. Her perfume, whatever the scent, was pleasant but not too intoxicatingly so.

But her eyes! She looked at everything as if it was exciting. Curiosity flickered through them, glimmers of innocence wanting to learn more. They were a startling blue, like the sky on a bright summer's day, but he felt like they might cloud up and hide her true feelings if he so much as breathed the wrong way, sent forth a bad gust of wind. And her hands, timid, but wanting. The way she held her chopsticks when she reached for a strip of chicken kara age, slow and unsure, with a tilt of her head as she looked his way. He wanted to nod, say yes, it's delicious and I think you'll love it. He wanted to pick the meat up in his fingers and lean towards her, close, placing it lightly in her mouth, feeding her the morsel, letting her chew and swallow it before kissing the remnants off her pink, delicate lips.

That was too much, though. If he scared her, worried her, he didn't think he'd have another chance. He wanted to squeeze her, grab her, demand things from her. He wanted to lay her down on the bench right then and there and rip off her clothes and press his warm mouth against every part of her body.

He wanted her to be her, but he wanted her to be his, too.

And so, without thinking, the urge overriding the logical part of his brain, he'd asked her to model for his photography hobby. She agreed. She agreed! This startled him somewhat, but he wasn't entirely surprised. Except now what?

He needed to tone this down, to lighten the mood and keep all intimate thoughts at bay. This would be strictly an enjoyable pastime where he showed her a few things about taking pictures and modeling. And that was it. No more.

He had a wife, he knew that, and this was some odd, mild fascination with an interesting woman. Nothing more or less than that, and in time it would pass.

...

I had taken a taxi to the restaurant since I didn't own a car; it was easier to travel in the city without one most of the time. A lack of parking spots, or traffic issues, or any other numerous problems could and did happen on a daily basis, making owning a car more of a luxury than a necessity here. I liked not having a car, anyways. Sometimes it was nice to imagine it as freedom. With cars I was stuck on city roads, but walking, or a taxi, or the subway could bring me almost anywhere.

I didn't know if Asher agreed with that, but he had a car of sorts. He drove, he said, sometimes, but he had a man who drove him around most of the time. Especially now as we'd both been drinking, so it obviously wasn't safe for either of us to drive.

We stepped out of the restaurant, a little tipsy, after Asher paid the waiter for our meal. The food was as delicious as I imagined-probably better-but the price!

"Did you really just pay three hundred dollars for our lunch?" I asked him after sneaking a peek at the bill.

Asher shrugged, nonchalant. "They included the tip in the bill," he said.

He held my arm in his as we walked down the street towards his car. I felt nice then, sophisticated. Asher was a gentleman, if nothing else, and he more than acted the part. His free hand reached across the front of his torso towards where my arm held onto his and he placed his fingers on my hand in a silent gesture.

Safe, it said. You're safe, don't worry. Safe and mine. I wanted to think the last part was at least somewhat true, but I knew it couldn't be. We'd discussed this before leaving.

"We need to stop this," he had said. "You're an attractive woman, but I'm married, and-"

Yes. It didn't really matter what he said, but I understood it. I completely agreed with him no matter how much I didn't want to.

The bright, noontime sun shone down on us as we turned the corner. People passed us by on the streets, barely giving us a second glance. Did they think we were a couple? I wondered about that. We might look somewhat like it. I eased closer to him, tried to relax and act as if we'd known each other for longer than a couple of days. Relaxed, friendly, intimate, close.

I tilted my head, just a little bit, and rested the side of my forehead on his shoulder. He smiled and looked over at me. If I moved my face up, turned my chin just so, I could have snuck in for a quick kiss.

"Are you alright?" he asked, concerned.

"Yes," I said. "I'm just a little tired. The sake, maybe."

I wasn't tired, not at all. The alcohol was doing some things, but that wasn't the reason I had my head on his shoulder. It made a wonderful excuse, though.

We stopped in front of a black car with tinted windows. As soon as Asher approached, I heard the click of a door unlocking. Asher reached for the door handle, pulled on it, and swept open the door for me. Reluctantly, I let go of his arm and stepped into the car.

The back seat was bigger than it looked from the outside. I sat on the plush leather and shimmied over to give Asher room to come in, too. Stretching my legs out as far as they could go, I still had a few more inches before my toes would touch the back of the drivers seat. Asher grinned and slipped in beside me.

"Where to, boss?" the man in the driver's seat asked.

"Home, Jeremy," Asher said. "To the guest house, though. Jessika and I have private business arrangements to discuss, so I'd rather not go to the main house for now."

"Sure thing. Not a problem," Jeremy said.

Asher nodded, the car started, and we were off. That was that, and I expected a typical ride to wherever we were off to, except Asher had other things in mind. Touching a switch on the hand rest next to him, a piece of dark, thick glass rose up from behind the front seats and blocked my view of the road in front of us. Presumably it blocked Jeremy's view of us, too. Asher confirmed as much.

"I thought you might like the privacy," he said. "If not I'll lower it again."

I shrugged, smiled, nonchalant. "It's fine."

"Relax if you want," Asher added. "Buckle your seat belt? Or not? Shall we live on the wild side?"

"Ooh!" I said with mock enthusiasm. "Dangerous, are we?"

He laughed. "As dangerous as we can be with a chauffeur with an impeccable driving record."

I decided on not buckling my seat belt, but for other, possibly even more dangerous reasons.

I don't know what came over me, and I don't think I would have done this regularly, but my hand crept towards the buttons of my chemise and I undid the top one. Asher took no notice as I did this, instead peering out the window at something or other. I undid the next button, and the next, letting loose a sizable amount of my cl**vage. Then another, and one more. As I undid the last button, revealing a thin line of bare flesh from the top of my neck to the curves of my waist, hindered only by my lacy white bra, Asher glanced over at me.

It took him a few seconds to register what I had done and what I was doing, but once he did he merely stared. This wasn't quite the reaction I wanted, nor did I know what to do next, so I fiddled with the last button and waited for him to speak.

"Jessika..." His voice trailed off.

"I..." I said. What did I want? What was this? "I thought we could start the modeling early?"

Stupid! Dumb! Who said that? What I really thought was that once I'd opened my chemise blouse he might forget the promise we'd made. Who would see us? We were in complete privacy now, and while it was only a short ride to his house, as far as I knew, it was enough. Nothing serious, nothing more than this, but I desperately wanted him to want me. Irrational, yes, and impossible. I knew that, and still...

"Oh!" he said, breathing out a sigh of relief. "Yes. That makes sense. Of course."

Of course? "So, maybe, should I remove this?" I asked. Without waiting, I slipped out of my shirt and tossed it onto the seat next to me. Turning to face him, I inched closer on the smooth leather. "What else is there?" I asked. "If these are sexy pictures, I should remove my skirt, too, right?"

Asher was breathing heavily. I watched him, his chest rising and falling. He swallowed hard and I could see it start at the top of his throat by his Adam's apple, slowly trailing downwards towards his shirt-clad collarbone.

"This isn't for Playboy," Asher said with a hint of amusement. "If those are the types of pictures you want me to take, I can, but it's not necessary."

I unzipped the back of my skirt and scooted out of it, letting it drop to the floor. "Do you really think I'm sexy?" I asked him.

"What?" he said.

I was having second thoughts then. A bad time for it, seeing as I was down to my bra and panties, with the useless addition of high heels, but the thoughts remained. "I just... Asher... I don't think I'm sexy. I really don't. I don't think I can do this properly. The pictures aren't going to come out any good, no matter what. And then what? You're not going to keep them, are you? I don't know why I agreed to this."

Swiftly, surely, he moved close to me. My bare thigh touched the rough cloth of his pants and he lifted his hand up to grab my chin. Making me look at him, though I wouldn't have looked anywhere else, he leaned forward until our lips almost touched.

"Jessika," he said to me. "You are beautiful. You are sexy and amazing and I think every picture I've ever taken will pale in comparison to the ones I'll take of you. But, if you really don't want to go through with this, I won't force you. I want to, though. I want to do this. I want you," he said, and my heart skipped a beat as he paused, "to want this, too."

He held my chin in his hands, keeping me facing him. I wanted to look away, to turn my eyes down, to hide from him, but he forced me to bare his scrutiny. His cool, blue eyes never wavered, never stopped looking into mine, and I didn't know if I could stand it much longer. His lips, so close that I could feel the warmth of his breath tickling along my mouth and down, down, towards my throat. So intimate and soft, yet demanding and confident all at once.

"Asher..." I said. I didn't know what else I would say, but I wanted to feel his name quiver against my lips, to taste it.

"I would love to keep the pictures," he said. "I would like to keep them so I can see them every day and know that we have made beautiful art together, but they are your pictures and if you want me to dispose of them afterwards then I can."

"No!" I said hastily. What was I saying no to? "I don't know. What do I do?"

He moved away. So close, and now so far. I had him for myself, but now I had nothing. He pressed his back against the car door and stared at me long and hard. I sat there, feeling helpless under his gaze, not knowing what to do or why I'd started doing this in the first place.

And then his hands were on me. Without warning, without asking, he eased my back onto the seat. It was large enough to fit the both of us, even with me reclining, my upper body prone. I looked at him, watched him, as he guided me downwards, cradling my shoulders so I wouldn't fall. I let him move me and place me as he wanted, all the while feeling a thrill of pleasure race through my skin at each of his touches. My heart beat fast, faster.

When he'd finished laying me down, he moved towards my legs. One he placed against the back of the seat, pulling my foot towards his crotch. He put my toes in between his legs and pressed them further so that I could feel the warmth of his rear heating the top of my high heels. The other leg he pressed towards me so that my heel pressed as close to my crotch as I could bring it.

"Put your arms up," Asher said. "Pretend you're grabbing your hair, but just reach for it. Barely touch it with your fingertips."

"What?" I asked. I was so drunk, caught up in the heady pleasure of his touches, that I couldn't understand a word he said.

He repeated himself, then grinned and showed me an inkling of what to do.

I did it. I did exactly as he said, and followed his instructions as completely as I could. My arms bent, elbows pointed straight up, and my fingers touched my blond hair by my forehead. Asher looked on, directing me this way and that until he had me in as perfect an arrangement as he wanted.

"Arch your back," he said. His hands reached for my h*ps and his thumbs pressed into my abdomen by my pubic bone. Excitement fluttered through my stomach and towards my crotch and without realizing it my body moved on its own, exactly as he wanted. My back arched, body attempting to press closer to him, hoping beyond hope that he might move his fingers lower, into my panties, and...

"Perfect," Asher said. "This is an exquisite position. In the car, getting a good picture would be difficult, but this position is wonderful. You would make a great model, Jessika. You follow instructions well."

His praise, his kind words, the fact that he made me feel sexy beyond belief when I didn't think I was anything more than average; it turned me on so much. I needed to refrain myself, though. If I did, he would touch me more, I knew it. He would show me poses, shape me as he liked, touch his fingers to my stomach and my legs and my...

His hand caressed the middle of my thigh, easing towards the waistband of my panties. He brushed his fingers along the laced cotton cloth of my underwear, then pressed his hand towards the center of my body. His hand glided across my cotton-covered p**sy towards my other thigh, then up that leg to my knee.

I gasped his name aloud, shivering. "Asher..."

"That would make a good picture," he said. "That area."

Oh, yes. Yes! That area was wonderful. I completely agreed with him.

Now his hand moved towards the front of my panties again, but this time not as low. He tugged at the waistband of my undergarment and pulled it a little lower, pressing his fingers against the uppermost part of my pubis. Spreading his fingers so his thumb and pinky finger reached towards my thighs, he moved his hand upwards across my stomach and towards my br**sts.

"With your back arched," he said. "this looks magnificent. You have a very soft stomach. The slight 'V' at the bottom makes the image all the more alluring."

I arched my back further, trying to make him touch me more, hoping he would knead his fingers into my sensitive skin. But, he merely reacted to my movements and moved his fingers away the slightest amount so that the pressure he applied was always the same.

It was agonizing. I couldn't stand it. Here I was in the back seat of his car, like some silly schoolgirl, spread out and arranged, ready for him to take, and yet there was no "taking" taking place. Strict, it seemed, and no matter how I squirmed or moved, I couldn't sway Asher away from his professionalism.

"Stop squirming," he commanded.

His hands grabbed my waist and he set me back to where I was. He held me hard until I stopped moving. But, oh, it was so difficult. I needed to do it, wanted to please him, and yet the longer he held me, the more I wanted to move. I wanted to writhe in his grasp and induce his passions, ruin his austere attitude and see if I could sway him towards impossible, endless lust.

I didn't, though. I couldn't. He waited, stared at me, held me, and with a quiet whimpering plea as my only means of complaint, I calmed myself. My lower lip moved out, some ridiculous show of disappointment, but Asher disregarded it.

I managed to maintain my composure for all of a few seconds before I lost it again.

To be fair, it wasn't my fault. Or, not entirely. Asher shifted his hands from my waist to my bra-clad br**sts and squeezed. My eyes fluttered closed and my h*ps bucked. The toes of my foot-the one he'd placed between his crotch-curled and dug into the leather seat. He squeezed my br**sts, massaging them in his hands, toying with my n**ples through the fabric. I let out a gasp that turned into a moan. Still, despite myself, I tried to maintain the pose he'd set me in. My arms stayed bent, fingers at my forehead, but this time instead of pretending to grab my hair, I pulled on it hard.

His hands tickled up the undersides of my arms towards my elbows, then down towards my wrists. I opened my eyes to look at him just in time to see his index finger moving closer to my face. Without knowing why, without being told, I opened my lips slightly and let him put his finger in my mouth. He pressed his fingertip against my tongue and I licked and swirled around it in response. My lips closed, puckering, kissing the sides of his finger, and my tongue went wild.

He watched me intently. My lower body writhed on the seat of the car and I tried to grind my crotch against his knee, but he kept moving it away. I attempted to suck his finger in further, to entice him into something more, but he kept pulling it away. I lifted my head, leaning forwards, but still he eluded me.

Then he pulled me up off the seat. His finger popped out of my mouth and his hand reached behind my back, pulling me forward. His other hand grabbed my rear and he lifted me into his lap. I sat there with one knee pressed against the crotch of his pants, that foot dangling below the front of the seat, and my other leg bent and pressing against his hip, my shin touching warm leather. He pulled me closer, his hand cupping my rear and squeezing hard while his other hand reached around towards the clasp of my bra, pressing me forward so my chest rubbed against his shirt.

"Put one arm around my neck," he said.

As fast as possible, I did as he asked. My hand cupped the back of his neck, my arm resting on his shoulder. "Yes," I said.

"Your other hand," he said, breathing heavily. "Touch my upper arm. By my bicep."

I did. I squeezed his arm tight, pulled myself forward. I needed and wanted him so badly. I ground my crotch against his thigh, up and down, blazing a trail for my pleasure. Asher squeezed my ass harder, pulling me closer so that I couldn't grind against him as easily, but oh, oh I tried. Back and forth, rubbing, desperately desiring him.

The car came to a stop. No interruptions, though. Jeremy, the driver, parked the car, turned it off, opened the door, stepped out, closed the door, then left. I waited, pausing, thinking Asher and I would be interrupted at any moment and having no idea how to explain this to anyone, but none of that happened.

I breathed in and out quietly then looked at him, a faint smirk on my face. I'd won, hadn't I? We were alone now, completely alone, and he had me in a compromising position. So easy, he could do with me what he wanted and I would never object and no one would ever know.

Except he didn't. He looked at me, smiling. "You're a wonderful model, but you move too much, Jessika. Also," he added, "I wish I could take a picture of you in this position, but I'm afraid it's impossible."

I looked down. I couldn't see everything, but... my f**king god, this was erotic!

I didn't have a perfect body, far from it, but I did try to keep in shape. My soft stomach looked so flat like this as he held onto my rear with one hand and made me arch my back with the other. My thighs were curvy and seductive, one of them curled against the side of his body while the other pressed into his crotch. And my arms, my chest; we looked like a couple in the midst of intimacy. Now we should get intimate, I thought. I was no photographer, but we should take advantage of this opportunity presented to us, right?

Asher lifted me off his lap and dumped me on the seat. With a pleasant smile, he opened the door to the car and let himself out. I sat there, staring at him, dumbfounded. Was this really happening?

"Are you coming?" he asked.

"Y-yes," I said. Yes, yes, I was coming. I looked around, found my clothes, and scrambled to put them back on.

"No need," he said. "We're in a garage. No one is around. It'll be easier to resume modeling if you remain like that. Those are the kind of pictures you want, right?"

Did I? To be honest, I didn't even want pictures at all. I wanted him to undress me, touch me, explore me with his fingers so I could leave a lasting impression in his mind. I wanted him to picture me, us, all of it together, but I didn't necessarily want him to take pictures of me. I didn't not want him to, but...

"Yes," I said. Clutching my clothes against my chest, I slid across the seat towards the open car door and the garage.

Just as Asher said, no one was here. Jeremy left to who knew where, and besides that the garage was dim and empty. A smaller building that could fit three cars at the most, with smooth concrete floors and a pair of fluorescent lights overhead. My high heels clicked on the floor when I first stepped out of the car. Asher offered me his hand to help me stand and I took it with a smile.

He pulled me towards him, leading me to the doorway into the house. His guest house, he said. When we entered, it looked exactly, and nothing, like I imagined.

A guest house, in my mind, was a smaller affair. Perhaps a main room with a kitchen to the side, then stairs leading up to a bedroom or two. Modest, and simple, for the comfort of guests. Asher's guest house was far more extravagant than that. I expected this, figured it would be that way, but it still came as somewhat of a surprise.

The first floor, the door we entered through, was a large, wide open living room-styled area. The walls were close to nonexistent(at least in a typical sense), with windows that went from floor to ceiling, save for a few scant inches of actual solid wall at the very tops and bottoms. In front of us, built into the only regular wall, was a fireplace. Unlit now, but upon seeing me staring at it, Asher flicked a switch on the wall and the hearth flared to life. Gas-powered flames roared up out of a heap of faux-logs, dancing back and forth behind shaded glass.

In front of the hearth was a sofa. Or, somewhat of a sofa. I had a couch back at my apartment, but this thing was about four times as big. It curled into a "U" shape at the ends, making the middle of the living room into more of an intimate gathering place for a small group of people. Then the kitchen, to the sides, with a small dining area past that. And stairs, of course, that must lead to bedrooms on the second floor, but would we go that far?

Could we go that far? I really wanted to know how to arrive at that answer.

Before I knew what was going on, Asher picked me up. He held me in his arms, one hand behind my shoulders with the other under the crook of my knees, and carried me towards his sofa. Dropping me onto it, he held up a finger and told me to wait.

"I'll be right back," he said. "I'm going to get my camera."

I nodded, dumbstruck, staring at him, open-mouthed. When he left, I continued staring, but managed to turn my attention towards the fireplace.

We weren't in the city anymore. I could tell as much by looking through the glass walls. Asher's guest house had a magnificent view, with a hill sloping downwards and the clear horizon directly in front of me. Looking lower towards the bottom of the hill, I saw the city in the distance. Not too far, but far enough to look small. I lived there, I knew, but from this vantage point it looked like an entirely different place. Unrecognizable. It wasn't late enough for it, not yet, but with sun crawling downwards from its peak, in a few more hours, if I stayed here until then, I imagined I'd have the most beautiful view of the sunset.

Asher returned with his camera, holding it up for me to see. It was a newer model, but that was all I knew from looking at it. Fancy, probably, because I doubted he would spare any cost on something he enjoyed. If I could afford to, I'd do the same. I'd buy books, a huge library, sit in there for hours at a time, reading. Curling into a chair while wearing a bathrobe and sipping at a cup of hot cocoa, and...

"Shall we get started?" Asher asked.

I turned shy again. I'd just modeled for him in his car, sort of, and now I didn't know how to do it. I technically knew, of course, but now he was actually going to snap pictures, so it wasn't at all the same. I tried explaining that to him.

"I don't know how," I said, my voice timid.

Asher smiled at me. "Just do exactly as I say," he said.

I nodded, scared. I would do this.

"Lean back on the sofa," he said. "Put your elbows down so you're resting on them. Lift both your legs and rest them on the back of the sofa."

I did as he asked, but I didn't think this was sexy. I wasn't doing it right, I knew that, but I also didn't know how to do it right, either.

Asher stepped forward. He showed me where to put my elbows, and he ran his fingers along my chest towards my stomach. He meant to show me how he wanted my body to curve, I thought, but his touch distracted me. Moving one of my feet, he set it close to where I'd originally rested it on the sofa's back, but he bent my other leg so my knee was closer to my stomach, albeit a foot or so higher. As a finishing touch, he placed his hand on my chin and made me face him.

"Give me your sexiest look," he said. Before I could complain, he added, "Don't think about it, Jessika. Close your eyes, look down, part your lips. Think of something. It can be anything, but think of something that makes you smolder inside."

I did it. I closed my eyes and parted my lips and let my mind wander. I thought of him and his office and his private meeting room table. I thought of his fingers slipping inside me, so smooth and easy, and my body melting as he manipulated me with his hands. I thought of the restaurant, The Simple Path, and his foot pressing against my panty-covered crotch, teasing my arousal-slick folds. The car, his lap, my body grinding and pressing against him, wanting him.

Click. Click. Click.

He took pictures, but I was so far out of it and lost in my imagination that I didn't realize it at first. I leaned back, moving my elbows, but still the camera clicked away. Different spots, different angles. Asher moved my feet downwards onto the couch and I spread them slightly. He came in closer, took pictures of different areas, at different angles, but I kept my eyes closed the entire time.

"Wonderful," he said. "You're beautiful, Jessika."

He moved my hands towards my panties, placing my fingers along the sides of my pubis, underneath the fabric of my underwear. Click. Click. With my eyes still closed, because I wanted to keep them that way, he asked me to stand and do more poses for him. My thumb pulled at the side of my panties waistband in some provocative display of near removal, and he captured pictures of that, too. From the front, and behind, the sides.

He led me towards the fire, then had me sit on the plush, shaggy rug in front of it. I opened my eyes then, looking at him.

"Am I really sexy?" I asked him.

"Yes," he said sincerely. "You are."

I laid down on the rug, feeling calm and more relaxed. Staring at him, I posed of my own accord now. I bent my knees up and spread my legs and he took pictures of my stomach and my crotch and my br**sts. I tugged at my panties, moving them to make the pictures more erotic and teasing. He took pictures of everything I did.

And then I pulled my panties more, lifting my rear and slipping them up my legs, to my knees, and then down. I let the image of my bare p**sy sink in, noting the clicks of the camera becoming less and less, more sporadic. I kicked away my underwear, watching it land at the side of the hearth.

"Jessika..." he said. "We can't..."

"Shh." I didn't want to ruin this, but I needed it so badly. "Keep taking pictures."

He waited, paused, and then continued. I spread my lower lips with my fingers and he clicked away with the camera. I doubted he had this in mind when we started, and I knew I sure didn't, but it seemed so right. He moved closer, closer.

"You're so sexy," he said. "Yes, like that. That's wonderful. Amazing."

While he captured my lower body in his erotic pictures, I kicked off my high heels and undid my bra, tossing it as close to my panties as possible. The rest of my clothes lay in a forgotten pile on his sofa.

He moved closer, then closer. I inched towards him, slowly, careful. As he took pictures of my calves and feet, I lifted my upper body off the floor and reached for his pants. He stopped taking pictures then.

He nearly dropped the camera, but caught it before he did and then placed it on the floor next to him. Grabbing my hands away from his pants, he stared at me. "We can't," he said.

"I don't want to," I said simply. "I want you to take pictures."

Asher furrowed his brow, confused. "I don't understand."

"Let me show you?" I pleaded with him with my eyes.

He hesitated, then said, "Alright."

He watched me carefully as I unbuckled his belt and pulled it away. Next I unbuttoned his pants and unzipped them. Asher stared, carefully, as if I were teaching him some new form of photography. The final step was inside his boxers. I snaked my hand through the front of his underwear and pulled out his manhood. He stayed there, on his knees, completely still.

When I freed him from his boxers, he was fully erect. His shaft bobbed up and down in front of me, thick and long and wonderfully delicious looking. I wanted him so very very much, and yet I didn't know what to say to make him mine. I just hoped that maybe I could convince him to want to make me his instead. It seemed easier that way.

"Closer," I said. "Right here." I spread my legs wide apart and patted a spot on the rug between them.

Asher moved forwards, slow and steady. "Jessika..."

"Don't forget the camera," I added.

Confused and cautious, he picked up the camera while inching towards me.

When he was close enough, I carefully touched the sides of his c*ck with my fingers. I lifted my lower body up with my legs and guided him towards my slick folds. He started to back away. "No," I said, more calmly than I felt. "Watch. Just look."

That convinced him somehow. I don't know how or why, but he stopped moving away. I angled him towards me, his erection pressing against my slit, and inched closer to him so that he barely penetrated me.

The contradictions flaring through my brain were impossibly difficult to deal with. I wanted to sheath him inside me, press him all the way in, but I knew if I did this would end faster than it started. Instead, forcing myself to endure this erotic teasing, I looked at him and nodded.

"Take pictures," I said. "Is it a nice shot?"

Asher swallowed. He looked as if his throat were suddenly dry and he wanted to get up and get a glass of water, but he didn't move away from me. Camera in hand, he aimed it downwards towards where he and I connected. Click.

He moved to different angles, up, down, a bit to the side. Click. Click. Click.

"These are very sexy pictures," he said. "Hold still. Don't move."

I wouldn't have moved, but he didn't give me a chance not to, either. Thrusting forward, only an inch or so, he buried a little more of his shaft inside me. I gasped and my h*ps bucked as I accepted him in me. Click. Click. Click.

He held the camera in one hand now, inched forward more. His c*ck slid into me, tantalizingly slow. Further. Click. In. Click.

He was fully in me now, all of the way. Click. I'd closed my eyes and I hadn't heard a click in awhile. My inner walls clenched against his throbbing erection, squeezing him hard, but I tried to lay there, calm and professional.

I opened my eyes and looked up. Asher loomed over me, still wearing his shirt. His pants were undone only enough to unleash his cock, but with that inside me, invisible to the outside eye, he looked fully clothed. I, on the other hand, wore nothing.

I looked at him and he looked at me. Something was missing, and it took me awhile to figure out what. The camera; he'd placed it off to the side. He stared at me for a moment after my realization, and then he began.

His h*ps rolled back as he moved his erection out of me. I thought this was it, he was done and we would cease our illicit coupling immediately, but then he pressed back in. Watching me the entire time, looking for a reaction, when I didn't complain or say anything, Asher took it a step further.

He moved out faster this time, then back in. Out, then in. After a few goes at it, he thrust into me hard, pressing me roughly against the carpet.

I wrapped my arms around his back and my legs around his waist, pulling him further into me. "Asher," I whispered into his ear. "Asher, I want you."

"Jessika, we can't do this," he said, almost a growl. Despite his words, he slammed his c*ck hard into me. "This isn't right."

"No," I said. "I know. We won't. Just a little more and we'll stop."

He stuffed himself into me and ground his c*ck inside me, rolling his hips. I squeezed him hard, with my arms and my p**sy, and lifted my head to kiss his throat.

Asher closed his eyes and thrust into me again and again. He refused to look at me, wouldn't open his eyes, but wouldn't stop moving his h*ps either, taking me roughly on the floor.

"Asher," I said. It felt so good, I wanted him so badly, and yet I couldn't stand him not looking at me. "Am I not sexy? Please, I'm sorry."

His eyes snapped open. He stared at me hard. Up close, so close, I thought I could almost see thunderclouds in his sky blue eyes.

"Jessika," he said. "Stay still. Don't move."

I didn't understand at first, but I tried not to move. It was impossible, though. I bit my lower lip as he slammed hard into me, sliding me a few inches across the carpet.

"Jessika, I'm trying to take your picture," he said through gritted teeth. "I need you to keep your pose."

"Yes," I said, a lusty gasp. "Yes, I'm trying. Take my picture."

"This is so sexy," he said. "You're so sexy."

"I love you," I said, barely a whisper. I didn't mean to, and I didn't know what I was thinking, but I said it.

Asher went wild. If he heard me, I didn't know, but whatever had come over him made him crazy. He crashed into me, his c*ck slamming hard and fast into my p**sy. I squeezed against him, unable to stop myself, feeling him bringing me closer and closer to cli**x. The fabric of his shirt bunched up and grazed against my stomach and my cl*t with each of his thrusts, exciting me even more. He grabbed my waist and held me tight, pulling my body towards him as he pushed into me.

My orgasm overtook me and I screamed out loud. Writhing and squirming beneath him, I wriggled on the rug, feeling the shaggy texture of it, warm against my back, while Asher's hot, clothed body heated me in the front. My br**sts bounced as I cli**xed hard on his c*ck and my body tensed, muscles squeezing, squeezing. I grabbed him with my hands and my back arched, stomach taut, my legs pulling at his lower body. My p**sy clenched like a smooth, velvet vice around his cock.

Asher finished, letting out a grunt, pushing himself as far into me as he could while pressing his body against mine. His c*ck twitched inside me, flared, stretching my p**sy, and then his cum surged out of him and into me. Once, twice, three thick jets. Then smaller twitches, a few more, uncountable. My cli**x continued as he unloaded a substantial amount of his cream inside me and I grew even more hot and excited when I felt it. He filled me. I hadn't had sex in awhile, hadn't expected it for awhile still, but this was so wonderfully satisfying.

We lay there together, him on top of me while I squeezed his softening c*ck inside of me. I was finished with my orgasm, but I liked the way he felt in me, so nice and a perfect fit. I held him tight, hugged him, kissed his cheek, and...

Asher got up. He removed himself from my grip, placed my hands firmly on the ground, and pulled himself out of me. Standing, putting his softening erection back in his pants, he zipped himself up, buttoned his pants, and searched around for his belt.

"Asher?" I said, confused. "It's alright. Can we lay here for a little while?"

"No," he said.

"Asher..."

"I shouldn't have done that, Jessika. I took things too far. That was extremely unprofessional of me. I don't know what I'm going to tell Beatrice. I don't know if I can tell her. This entire day was a bad idea." He paced through his guest house living room, looking distraught.

I frantically tried to think of something to say or do, but I couldn't. He had a point in everything he said. We shouldn't have done this. I knew it was a bad idea. A married man? Why would I even do that? Why was I here in the first place? What was I doing?

And then I remembered.

"Yes," I said, a whisper, unsure if this was what I should do or not. "Asher, I'll do it. What you asked, your request. I agree. Just... please..."

"What?" He stopped pacing and looked at me.

"I'll be an egg donor for your wife," I said, then added, "And a surrogate mother. I'll do it."

He smiled, happy, but only for a second. Then the reality of what had happened and what we'd just done came crashing back down on him again.

"I don't think it's a good idea," he said. "We can't... we can't do this again, Jessika, and the temptation will always be there, especially..."

Especially, I thought, if I were already pregnant with his child. Through medical means, the impregnation process, however that would work for the situation he required, but still. If I carried his child, even if it was for him and his wife, I knew it would be easier for both of us to explain away another casual encounter like this.

Except that wasn't my reason for agreeing. I didn't know how to tell him that, couldn't explain it all myself, but that wasn't what I wanted. I didn't want anything casual with him, ever. I wanted more, anything. Intimacy and conversation and... but I'd ruined it in one fell swoop.

"Asher, please."

"You can stay in the guest house tonight," he said. "I'll have Jeremy drive you home in the morning."

His Absolute Orders

~A Reverie Interlude~

Asher and I, sitting on a park bench. A quaint tablecloth, with a spread of sandwiches, potato salad, and sliced, raw vegetables are between us. I tease him and toss a slice of cucumber at him. It clings to the fabric of his fancy dress shirt, then falls into his lap. He threatens to throw a spoonful of potato salad at me and I shriek and laugh and tell him he wouldn't dare. We're both laughing.

Our daughter, our beautiful daughter, comes running up. She was playing on the swings as we watched over her from the bench. She politely asks her daddy if she can please have a baby carrot. He smiles at her, so sweet and calm, holds up the tray with the carrots so she can have her pick.

Idyllic. Everything nice and wonderful.

And then I woke up.

...

Asher left me after our photography session. I don't think he expected it to go as far as it did, and to be honest I never expected it to, either. When I agreed to join him for lunch, I didn't expect to come back to his home afterwards and do anything, let alone become the model for an impromptu photo shoot. I didn't expect to take off my clothing and pose in scandalous positions for him, nor did I expect to concoct some ridiculous idea of seduction and convince him that it was fine.

In fact, it wasn't fine. Because of that, because of what I'd done, I'd lost him forever. I'd never had him to begin with, and I knew he was a married man, but I wanted so desperately to believe in something. To believe that he had a rocky marriage of convenience and he wanted me, maybe that he could love me. Except, how?

I had known Asher for two days. This morning was the start of the third day. The first had been a short, though thorough meeting, and the second was our first somewhat full day together. This third day was our last, and after that I would never see him again. I'd played at a game of temptations and now I was paying the price for losing.

It was so wonderful, though! I could see why Asher enjoyed photography. Or, I didn't quite understand it, but I saw how much he got into it. I hadn't meant to, not exactly, but I became so swept up in his passion for his hobby that I wanted and needed more. In the end, without thinking, both of us had sex on the floor in front of the fireplace in his guest house. Why did I think this might lead to something more? Honestly, right now I couldn't have answered.

It led to nothing, though. Asher told me to leave. I lay on the floor, having slept there overnight, waiting. Before he left, he told me that Jeremy would bring me home in the morning. It was morning now, but no one had come for me yet. When he did, I wasn't sure what I should do.

I was nak*d still, laying on his lush carpet. I'd borrowed a quilted down blanket from the back of the couch nearby to keep me warm through the night and provide a moderate amount of cover, but who was I kidding? If Jeremy walked in right now, he'd know what happened. And then what? Did I want him to know? Maybe Asher did this often. Maybe he seduced women, convinced them of one thing or another, lured them to his home under the guise of modeling for his photography, and slept with them. Then, after, he kicked them out. It seemed like a typical thing for a man to do. It had never happened to me before, but I had friends who went through similar situations.

But, why? I asked myself this question over and over again. What was wrong? Why did he want me gone? His marriage, yes, but he must have wanted it, too, must have wanted to sleep with me. His photography wasn't of the needlessly erotic sort, at least as far as he mentioned, but the pictures he took of me were racy enough to show up in any men's magazine. Though, of course I didn't quite think I was attractive enough to pull something like that off, but Asher did. Or, he said he thought I was. I needed to remind myself that there was a big difference between what someone said and what someone actually thought.

I needed to do a lot of things, and yet in the warm, morning light, a hint of sunshine tingling across my bare forearm as it peeked out from beneath the blanket, I couldn't think of any of them. I wanted to lay there all day and forget everything. I wanted to remember last night with Asher, to relive it, to memorize every part of it so I would never forget.

My body shifted beneath the blanket, fidgeting. Everything felt so nice. The carpet tickling across my skin and the feel of the quilted blanket caressing across my stomach and the tops of my thighs and between them and on my br**sts. Without thinking about it, I let my hand nestle between my legs and tease at my lower lips. When I realized what I was doing, I also realized I was aroused.

I wanted to masturbate so much. Actually, I wanted Asher to return, apologize, whisper adorations into my ear and beg for my forgiveness, then take me again right then and there in his guest house, but I knew that wouldn't happen. I thought of it, though. More and more, how he would touch me, what it would feel like. The expression on his face and the love in his eyes. My body tensing under his exquisite touch.

Right now my body tensed under my own touch, but it wasn't quite the same.

Knock, knock, knock.

Too wrapped up in my fantasy, I didn't hear the person knocking on the door. My fantasy unraveled as I built myself up to a hasty cli**x and let the feeling of it drift over me like a light, summer breeze.

Knock, knock, knock.

The second time they knocked, I had a delayed reaction. I lay there, still and calm, delighting in the wonderful feeling of ignoring all my problems. But, then, the knocking. Someone was at the door. My God! I was nak*d, hidden under a blanket, with my clothes scattered on the floor. I panicked and jumped up, dressing as fast as I could.

...

What was he doing? What had he done?

Asher didn't know. Out of all his years of marriage, he hadn't even entertained the thought of cheating on his wife. Beatrice wasn't unfaithful to him, either; at least as far as he knew. They rarely saw each other now, only in passing for a few days of the month when she returned from her trips. This bothered him, but what was he supposed to do about it?

The answer, he knew, was not to cheat on his wife.

Should he tell her? He had to. It was the only option, despite the fact that he dreaded it. And, then what? Divorce? Or not? Would she care?

He loved Beatrice and he wanted the best for her. But, he wasn't in love with her. Actually, at the moment, he had no idea what he was. Loved, in love, loved by someone, absolutely abhorred by everyone? They all seemed about the same right now.

Jessika had him completely undone in only moments. He hadn't expected that. What little he knew of her, he thought he'd understood, but apparently not. With only a few simple actions, a couple of fairly innocent seeming moves, she'd lured him towards completely giving in to temptation. Though, in all honesty, he doubted she did it on purpose. She'd seemed... confused?

Asher didn't blame her for anything that happened. He was a grown adult, a powerful businessman, and he knew to take responsibility for his actions. After their time in the car, driven home by his driver, Jeremy, he knew he needed to be careful around her. And, yet, when everything came crashing down, he lost himself.

But, God, she was so attractive. He couldn't place why, but he knew it when he saw it. The curve of her h*ps and the way she squirmed on the carpet in his guest house. She seemed so out of place and unresisting, knowing nothing of what she should do but doing it because he asked it of her. Her skin, her touch; she felt soft and delicate and unsure but wanting to try more for his sake.

Beatrice was none of that. And, Asher never expected her to be. It wasn't her and he didn't want her to be something she wasn't. He understood that, and thought he'd accepted it, but with Jessika...

Jessika was something else entirely, and he couldn't deal with her. Despite everything, no matter what he felt or thought, he had obligations. It was morning now and he needed to attend to business matters, but he would write up a letter of apology and send her a gift sometime later, then be done with her. Jeremy would drive her home after he left, and Asher would never see her again.

It wasn't what he wanted, but it was what he needed to do.

...

I sat at the two-person island table by the kitchenette in Asher Landseer's guest house, watching Jeremy cook. He'd said he wasn't anything special in the kitchen, but after watching him for awhile I disagreed.

"The thing is," Jeremy said while constantly stirring a pan of eggs, "Asher probably doesn't know what he wants half the time. You should see his library in the main house. It's full of every kind of book you could imagine, and whenever I see him in there he's reading something entirely different. Epic fantasy novels, classic science fiction, historical romance, mystery thrillers, action and adventure, and whatever else. He probably reads more than that, too. Who knows what's on his Kindle, Nook, Kobo eReader, and his iPad? Why's he need all of those? I have no idea."

"Maybe he uses them to categorize his books?" I offered. "Like, he puts different genres on each? Fantasy and science fiction on the Kindle, and Romance on the Nook, then literary fiction on the Kobo, and everything else on the iPad?"

"Huh." Jeremy chuckled and tossed me a smile over his shoulder. "Maybe. I never would have thought of that. That's not a bad idea, though. Seems like something Asher would do."

I smiled; back at Jeremy and to myself. It wasn't the same, but I felt like I was getting to know Asher in some sense. Through secondhand sources, alternate information, but I liked it. I wanted to know more about him and I hoped maybe this would give me a way to reconcile with him.

All of a sudden, everything happened at once. The toaster popped, perfectly browned toast waiting to be plucked out. A timer on the miniature rotisserie oven started beeping, soft but sure. And Jeremy nodded and said, "Yup," while glancing at the scrambled eggs in his pan. He scooped half the eggs onto a waiting plate, dashed for the fridge, grabbed a container, then a spoon from a drawer nearby, this, that, and the next thing.

When all was said and done, I had a plate in front of me consisting of scrambled eggs mixed with a dollop of some kind of thick cream, a pair of sausages, and two pieces of buttered toast.

"Wow," I said, staring at the food. "Looks good."

"Pft!" Despite his assumed modesty, Jeremy grinned, cocksure. "Nothing too fancy."

"What's this in the eggs?" I asked.

"Ah, a trade secret. I can teach you sometime..." He paused, frowning. "Well, I can't actually teach you it sometime, I guess, but it's creme fraiche. You can buy it most anywhere, but you have to know where to look."

I nibbled on the eggs, using my fork to scoop a bit of them into my mouth. "What did you mean?" I asked.

Between a heaping mouthful of his own scrambled eggs, he managed to say, "Wha?"

"What did you mean you can't actually teach me it?"

"Ah, well..." Jeremy stuffed some toast into his mouth, chewing loudly. Not, I thought, because he did this usually, but because he didn't know what to say. Honestly? It was something I probably would have done, too.

"The thing is," Jeremy said. "I don't know exactly what went on between you two. Business, whatever, who knows? I can guess, but why bother? Anyways, Asher told me to drive you home this morning. He's off doing business things right now, whatever that is, and he told me to make sure I bring you home once he's gone. Also, he said to ask about things you like, since he wants to send you a gift basket. But, and this sounds like a nice thing at first even if it's not, Asher doesn't typically send gift baskets to people. He only does it when he plans to cut ties with someone, as he says. He didn't say that to me about you, but that's what he does."

I paused mid-chew, then swallowed the rest of the toast in my mouth without thinking. It scraped down my throat, choking me, until I swallowed harder and drank some of the water from my glass, too. Eyes watering slightly, I looked at Jeremy, my expression blank.

"Is that it, then?" I asked. "I..." I didn't know what to think, but it seemed so definitive and done. I knew it was going to happen, but it still hurt to hear it. "Does he do this often? Bring women home and then 'cut ties' with them afterwards?"

"Look," Jeremy said. "No. No, he doesn't. And if that's what happened, it's not my place to pry about it, either. Asher's a nice guy, though. From everything I know about him, I wouldn't think he'd ever do something like that. So, going off that, it would be you who caused the issue, if you get what I mean?"

"Me?" I asked, stunned. "I didn't do anything!"

But, thinking back, was I really blameless? He told me we couldn't go further, we could only be friendly towards one another, but I disregarded that. I wanted more, practically thought I needed more, and... well, the current situation spoke for itself, really. I'd pushed too hard, and now I sat here waiting for a man I barely knew to drive me home.

"I'm not saying you did do something," Jeremy added after the fact. "I'm saying that's what it looks like. You don't seem the type, though. Too soft."

"What do you mean I'm too soft?" I said, perturbed. "I'm not too soft."

"Oh, yeah?" he asked, some mischievous smirk on his face.

"I'm not!"

"Well..."

This was a bad omen, and I knew it, but I let his word, his expression, the hint of deception lilting in everything he did, stoke the faint hint of hope I had within me. This man, Jeremy, knew more about Asher than I could possibly know, and if he said something was truth, anecdotal or not, it probably was true. I didn't want to be a tie, something so easily cut and discarded, assuaged with a gift basket and maybe some fancy letter stating that he wished me the best of luck. I refused.

And, Jeremy told me what he was thinking. He mentioned a few details, quite clearly stating he shouldn't mention these to me, and that whatever meaning I took from them was not his problem. Listening to him, I gained a newfound appreciation for my breakfast and heartily ate everything on my plate. Besides the fact that it was delicious, I thought I should prepare for the day in a proper manner. We finished eating, and then Jeremy stood to leave.

"So, are you coming?" he asked pointedly. "Asher told me to drive you home."

"No," I said. "I'm not."

Jeremy shrugged. "Well, I tried." With that, he left, but not before laughing and giving me a friendly wave.

I didn't really understand it all. I don't know what I was thinking, or how I expected to do any of this, but I'd decided to do it. What was the worst that could happen? Probably quite a bit, actually. Asher could return, find out I was still here, call the police, have me taken into custody, potentially file charges against me for multiple reasons, true or not. A man as rich as him could probably do almost anything he wanted, and...

Why was I thinking about these things? Be strong, Jessika! I told myself this, but I felt anything but. Still, I needed to do this, or do nothing, and if I did nothing I felt like I would regret it forever.

...

"What do you mean she refused to leave?" Asher asked. He had a chance to call Jeremy on a short break between meetings and this was not at all what he expected to hear. Why had he called, though? He didn't really know, and he didn't know how he felt about what Jeremy was saying, either.

"Sorry, boss. I told her I was there to bring her home, and she said she wasn't leaving." Jeremy paused, then added, "What do you want me to do? Call the police?"

Asher hesitated. He wanted to say yes, because that's what people in his position said, right? She was, while not exactly trespassing, not currently welcome on his property. And...

"No," Asher said. "She'll leave. Go check on her at noon and tell her I told her she needs to leave."

"Right. She needs to leave or what?" Jeremy asked.

Asher blinked. Or what? "Don't mention that part. There won't be any reason to. She'll leave. I'm sure of it."

Jeremy laughed. "Alright. You're the boss."

Asher furrowed his brow, frowning. There was something more to this, and Jeremy must know about it, but for the life of him Asher couldn't figure it out.

...

I wandered through the guest house. It was bigger than I thought. The main living area I'd spent the night in was most of the first floor, then the kitchenette area added in, too. On the second floor, as I'd suspected, were two bedrooms. They looked tidy and unused and completely perfect, like they belonged in a fancy hotel instead of a home. Closets in each room with empty hangers and a small safe tucked into the back corner. Nothing in either safe, and in each room both of them were wide open, but it added to the perfection of the place. Nice rooms, but completely inhospitable in my opinion. I could sleep in one for a night, but not for a lifetime.

A little clutter was nice. Not too much, but enough. Maybe a shirt draped across the back of a chair, or a couple of tissues tossed into a bedside waste basket. A partially used candle on the bedside table, or a picture on the wall slightly tilted. Not enough for anyone to really notice, but something that, over time, the person living there would realize.

And you never changed those things, because it became a part of the house. I didn't know about Asher's upbringing, but that's how mine was. Quiet and quaint, and while I lived in a city for most of my life, it still felt like I was isolated from the rest of the world sometimes.

For good measure, I mussed up the bed. I pulled back a corner of the sheets and tousled them so that the bed didn't looked perfect anymore. Mostly perfect, but not quite. I opened the unopened box of tissues on the bedside table and tossed one into the wastebasket. Then I washed my hands in the bathroom connected to the master bedroom and left soap residue on the back of the sink.

And... the shower? Hm.

I needed to take one, because. Besides the fact that I showered every day, I especially needed one soon. After my intimate moment with Asher last night, I hadn't had a chance to clean off, and I knew I must not be at my freshest. Jeremy hadn't said anything, but I had the feeling Jeremy wasn't the type of person to notice, or complain, about that kind of thing in the first place.

I turned on the shower and slipped out of my clothes, scandalously deciding to leave the door to the bathroom open. If Asher showed up, could he resist the temptations of my slippery, seductive body? Covered in soap and suds and bubbles, clean and perfect and...?

Perhaps I was dreaming, but I enjoyed my dreams. I checked the water temperature with my toes before stepping into the overlarge tub. Jacuzzi-style, with a shower head up above and glass doors that closed around it to keep the steam inside. On a whim, I stoppered the tub and let it fill with water from the shower.

Small vials of soap rested on a shelf built into the tiled wall. While the tub filled with water, I browsed through my options. Regular shampoos, conditioners, body wash, and... yes! Bubbles and scented salts. I tossed the entirety of both into the rising water(not that this was a lot, seeing as they were more like sample size bottles, but still). Immediately the scent of fresh lavender rose up, and then the bubbles trickled forth with the turmoil of the shower water. I moved the showerhead so it sprayed towards my feet, then sat in the bubbling water.

It felt so nice. I had a bathtub at my apartment, but it was nothing like this. Utilitarian at best, and put in just so the landlord could say it had a bathtub, mainly. If I stood in it, the water barely came to the bottom of my knees, and only then if I let the tub overflow. In Asher's bathtub, when it was full, I could sink completely beneath the water if I wanted. The water lifted up, rising higher, covering my legs, then my raised knees, creeping up my stomach towards my br**sts, and higher still until only my head remained above water. When this happened, I drifted towards the shower knobs and twisted them, stopping the water. I suppose I could have used the conventional faucet to till the tub, but I liked showers since they spread the bubbles more.

I lounged in the water, satisfied. The bubbles and salts made my skin feel silky and soft and wonderfully clean, despite the fact I hadn't done anything other than sit in the water-filled tub. I lay back, stretched out, and kicked my feet onto the sides of the bathtub, content.

Inadvertently, my toes must have pressed some button, and suddenly the jacuzzi jets in the tub switched on. Jet bubbles sprayed every this way and that. I sputtered, caught off guard, attacked by streams of bubbles. Confused and disoriented, I sunk beneath the water for a second, dousing my head and coming up half-blind with water in my eyes.

Trying to regain my balance, I lifted myself up so that I knelt in the tub instead of leaning back. I wiped my eyes with my hand, but it didn't help as much as I would have liked seeing as my arm was drenched, too. The jets became an afterthought, water bubbling briskly around me. Or, they were an afterthought until I scooched forward to open the glass shower doors and grab a towel from the towel rack.

The jets assailed my body, hitting my arms and legs and sides. None of those bothered or interested me. One particular jet, at the angle I sat, sprayed directly against my crotch, though. I gasped as it struck me. Sliding forward, shocked at the extreme sensation of it teasing against my bare, intimate area, another jacuzzi jet shot a stream of water against one of my br**sts. My nipple vibrated, immediately hardening, and I let out a slight moan.

My God! Asher's bathtub was seducing me. Maybe, not quite, and I laughed at the thought, but it kind of was in a way? I wondered what it would be like hav**g s*x in a hot tub. Nice and warm, floating in the water. Slow, gentle, with the magnificent smell of scented soaps and salts all around me. Up and down, my shoulders and arms slipping out of the warmth of the water to the cooler air above, then back in again. Slippery beyond belief, and so simple and easy. I pictured Asher holding me by the hips, guiding me towards his hard cock, pulling me onto him with urgent need.

On my knees, I crawled backwards towards the first offending jet. It tickled and teased at my slit. The bubbles glided over me, into me, towards my cl*t and leaving a tempting trail up my stomach. I don't quite know why, but I decided it was a good idea to get myself off in the bathtub. Because, why not?

The pressure from the water caressed against my body, gentle and fresh, yet rough and demanding all at once. Like a massage easing away the kinks in my body, the jacuzzi jets worked in the same way. Except right now I had some other kinks in me that I needed taking care of, and the water knew just how to do it. With my arms, I braced myself against the side of the tub and arched my back. I imagined Asher behind me, taking me hard, firm, telling me to hold still.

"Jessika," he'd said last night while he made love to me, "Stay still. Don't move. I'm trying to take your picture. I need you to keep your pose."

It hardly mattered that he'd discarded the camera long before in favor of holding my h*ps instead. It didn't matter that he couldn't see the rest of my body with his chest pressed against me and his eyes looking into mine, half-lidded and glazed over in pleasure. It didn't matter now that he wasn't even home and I was doing this in his bathroom, alone. I tried my best not to move, to keep my pose as best I could so Asher could take my picture.

My back arched further, my br**sts half in the water. The thrashing water matched my mood and tossed against me, making my br**sts dance and sway. The jet of water behind me continually crashed between my legs, exciting me beyond belief. Asher, behind me, like a force of nature, wild and ravenous, a controlled, focused hurricane ravaging my body.

I held my pose for as long as I could until my thoughts abandoned me, my cli**x overtook me, and I slipped into the water, pleasure wreaking havoc on my body. I fell under, completely covered, the jets spraying me without a care. Once my shoulder touched the bottom of the tub, my spasming body feeling so delightful and nice, the jets suddenly turned off. On a timer, no doubt, but their timing was impeccable.

I lay in the water, curling my legs towards my body, letting myself float slowly up to the surface. At the top, I reluctantly lifted myself out of the water and gasped for air. I felt a little silly for having to remind myself to breathe, but no one was around to see it so what did it matter?

Once I felt like I was able to stand, my legs wobbling, I unstoppered the tub. Getting to my feet, listening to the rush of water draining from the bath, I twisted the knobs to turn the shower back on. I showered for real this time, ignoring the pleasant feel of the water beading across my bare body. Asher's guest house shampoo and conditioner weren't my preferred brands, but they would have to do. Washing my hair and body, I finished what I started and cleaned myself off.

Done, wrapping my body in a pure white towel from the towel rack, I stepped out of the tub and looked back. Not quite perfect, but I thought I'd managed to properly defile the bathtub enough to make it seem cozy and warm. Once I finished drying myself off, I tossed the towel in a heap next to the bathtub.

Should I dress, or wear the bathrobe hanging on a hook on the back of the door? The bathrobe tempted me, but I chose my clothes instead.

...

Asher wanted to call Jeremy again. He had a meeting in less than two minutes, and an important one at that, but he needed to know. Was Jessika gone? Why had she refused to leave in the first place?

He wasn't anything to her, and he knew this. She didn't like him in any particular way. At least not him as a person. She couldn't. Right? Like most people, she probably only wanted to be near him for his money. They barely knew each other. And, even if she did like him for some other reason, it hardly mattered. He needed to accept that and she needed to, also.

They were both adults, and...

"Mr. Landseer?" a man called to him from the meeting room door. "Everyone is in attendance, sir. Whenever you're ready."

"Yes," Asher said, frowning. "Yes, of course."

"Is something wrong?"

"No, it's nothing."

...

"So you messed up the bed?" Jeremy asked, fidgeting with the upturned corner of the sheets. "And you tossed a tissue in the trash?"

"I left some soap on the back of the sink and I used the shower, too. I left a towel on the floor," I added.

"That's not quite what I expected."

"You didn't tell me what to do, you just told me not to leave, and..."

"Whoa, whoa. Hold on a minute. I didn't tell you not to leave. Let's get that out there right now. I didn't tell you anything." Jeremy held up his hands to halt me, like some police officer standing guard at a crosswalk.

"Right. Fine. You didn't tell me to do anything, and so I just did whatever I thought of. Also, this place isn't very comfortable. It's too clean."

"No one comes here, that's why. Do you think Asher has guests all the time? He's not extravagant like those parodies of rich people you see in reality shows. He has a dinner party maybe once a year, and it's more of a classy, sophisticated affair. None of that takes place here, mind you. He comes here on his own sometimes, but..."

"Why's he come here on his own?" I asked, interrupting him.

"I don't know? The library?"

"What? There's a library here?" I had been upstairs and down and I had definitely not seen a library.

Jeremy sighed, annoyed. "Yes, there's a library. Which I thought you'd find, but apparently you're daft."

"I'm not daft. Show me the library."

"You're really demanding, you know that?"

"I'm not demanding!" Perhaps I was a little demanding. "Please, Jeremy? I'd like to see it."

"I don't even know you," he said, teasing me. "Why should I show you it? For all I know he specifically doesn't want you seeing it." With feigned reluctance, he added, "Tell me something about yourself and maybe I'll agree to show you."

"What do you want to know?"

He thought about it, but only for half a second. I assume he'd wanted to ask this all along, but was waiting for a good time to do it. "Why you?" he asked. "Why did Asher bring you back here? I don't understand. He won't talk about it. I know that... things... but why?"

"I don't know if I'm supposed to tell you," I whispered. "He might get mad."

"Right. Just like I don't know if I was supposed to tell you that I wouldn't do anything if you refused to come with me, or how I don't know if I'm supposed to tell you where the library is, or the fact that I don't know if I'm supposed to tell you I talked to him on the phone earlier and he definitely didn't sound very happy."

"Oh," I said. "Is he mad? Do you think... um... I should leave, shouldn't I? I know that I..."

"Shut up. Yes, you probably should leave, but you didn't before so why do it now? Maybe this sounds like I'm trying to start trouble, but I kind of want to see what happens."

"That's really mean, you know?" I said.

"It's not mean, it's honest. He told me to tell you that I'm here to take you home again, so if you want to go, let's go. Otherwise you might as well tell me. I'll show you the library and you can leave a crumb on the rug or something."

"I'm going to pretend," I said, huffy, "that you're trying to help me instead of hoping I'll cause some disaster so you can watch."

"Look." Jeremy sighed. "I can't say I'm helping you, because I don't know if I am. I just don't really know if Asher actually wants you to leave or not. He's strange, alright? Now, if you're trying to do something like embarrass Beatrice and ruin Asher's life, then I'm not going to let you, but..." He gestured to the tissue in the waste basket next to the bed. "All you're doing is this, so I can't say I'm too worried."

"Fine," I said. "I'll answer your question. But you can't tell him any of this."

Jeremy grinned. "No, of course not."

"Asher asked me..." I paused. Did I want to do this? I did, so desperately, because I felt like this might be a way to fix things, except that made no sense when I thought about it logically. I was being mean to get Asher to accept my apology? I lowered my voice, despite Jeremy and I being completely alone in the guest house with no way of anyone hearing us. "His wife-" I knew her name now, but I found it awkward to say. "She went to a doctor and he said she's infertile. They can't have children together. Asher asked me if I would consider being... being an egg donor, and, um, well he doesn't think she'd want to carry a child to term, either, so I'd be a surrogate mother, too."

"What," Jeremy said, blinking, barely intoning a question.

"I know it sounds strange, but..."

"So, wait, basically he asked you if you'd be the mother of his child?"

"It's not really like that. Beatrice would be the mother, I guess, but it would be my egg and..."

"And you're the one who gets to be pregnant. Sounds great," Jeremy said sarcastically. "Why go through all that hassle? Why don't you both just have sex?" He chuckled.

"That's what I said!" Quickly, I added, "I didn't mean to say it, but it slipped out."

"No way. You didn't, did you? Maybe that's why he's so upset. I can understand, really."

"No, I said that before he was upset."

"What?"

I told Jeremy most everything. I left out our intimate encounter in Asher's office, because I still didn't know what to think of it. Punishment, Asher said, but I don't know if he believed that or not. I did mention the book, though, how I destroyed his collector's edition of Dante's Inferno during my temporary job cleaning Asher's office. How he took the phone call from the doctor while I was there, and then he broached the subject with me. His request, out of nowhere but like he talked about this with everyone every day, of surrogacy and egg donation and then our lunch and the subsequent photo session and...

"Woo boy. So did you have sex?" Jeremy asked at the end.

"I don't think I'm supposed to tell you that," I said.

He ignored me. "That's so strange. I can't say I'm surprised, though. Asher is... strange."

"How is he strange?"

"I'm not going to tell you how he's strange. You either figure it out on your own, or not at all."

"I told you things!" I protested. "I don't see why you won't tell me anything."

"I am going to tell you something," he said. "I told you I'd show you the library, and that's exactly what I plan to do."

"I suppose," I muttered.

"Anyways, before we go, I should ask this again. I was supposed to come here to bring you home. Are you coming?"

"Shut up," I said. "No. I won't. Where is the library?"

"You're demanding," he said, laughing. "You're nothing like Beatrice."

...

Asher frowned. He dutifully stayed for the entirety of his meeting, as necessary, but wondered the entire time. Distracted, annoyed, why wouldn't she leave? What was he supposed to do if she remained at his house the entire day, and was there when he came home? Of course he could ignore her, but what kind of message did that send? She couldn't just stay at his house, but he felt badly about forcefully removing her, too. Not that he had to do anything more than make a phone call or two, but he didn't think Jessika deserved that.

Except, why not? He planned on never seeing her again, so what did it matter?

His annoyance only grew when he checked his text messages during a lull in the business meeting.

"She's staying," Jeremy wrote. "Sorry, boss. I tried."

...

Jeremy had shown me where the library was. It looked like a closet from the outside, tucked under the staircase to the second floor, unimposing and ordinary. Instead, it was a door to the cellar, which wasn't a cellar so much as a completely furnished basement transformed into a library. Jeremy opened the door, walked me downstairs, laughed as I gaped, then left.

It was so big! Wall to wall bookshelves filled with books, and a massive table in the middle covered with more books. The ones on the table weren't in any particular order, and were just left laying around for whatever reason. In the far rear of the library, there was a massive, cushioned chair with an ottoman, and a couch next to it. Both had blankets heaped on top of them.

The lights in the ceiling were extravagant and reminded me of the lighting in old, classic architecture style libraries. I'd never been to one myself, but I'd seen pictures on the internet whenever I had a fit of wanderlust and wanted to sate it by doing an image search on Google. Not quite the same as going to these places, but I could imagine I'd gone. Sitting on my couch, turning off every light in my apartment except for the one lamp I moved to the top of my coffee table, I liked to curl up with a book and read and pretend I was at the Angelica Library in Rome. Or the Athenaeum in Boston... or the Cogrington Library in Oxford...

I stepped towards the table and looked at the books there. Five, total: a second edition copy of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, the paperback version of A Storm of Swords, Pride and Prejudice, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, and The Time Traveler's Wife. I stared at the zombie book, dumbfounded. Was that really a book?

Finding a piece of paper and a pen on the table, I went around to each of the books and opened them. Or I opened all of them except the Lewis Carroll book, because it scared me somewhat. Regardless of my plans, I really didn't want to repeat what I'd done the other day with Asher's copy of Dante's Inferno. Each book had a bookmark inside. I opened the book, plucked the bookmark loose, then wrote the corresponding page number on the paper I'd found. One, two, three, four.

Placing the bookmarks in a neat pile, I left them on top of the library table. Then I decided that wasn't good enough, so I scurried upstairs and put them on the kitchenette table, then rushed back down. And, why was I leaving them in a neat pile? I went back upstairs, threw them on the table so they scattered around, disorganized, then I went back downstairs.

I pulled his blankets off his chair and couch and tossed them at the foot of the basement stairs, too. I briefly contemplated moving books around on their shelves and putting them out of order, but I didn't want to go too far, so I stopped. And, as a final act of defiance, I went upstairs again, found the loaf of bread Jeremy had used to make toast in the morning, pulled off a corner, and dropped it onto one of the stairs as I went back into the basement.

There!

And I waited.

And worried.

For all I knew, this was a terrible idea. I don't actually know why I did any of this. It seemed... wrong? Yes, well, definitely wrong, which was the point, except what was the point of my point? I couldn't really figure that one out. I sat on the couch, contemplating this. When I'd decided that nothing I did made any sense and I should fix it and then leave, or wait and maybe write down some heartfelt apology to Asher, I...

Footsteps. Upstairs. I heard them, soft thuds on the ceiling as someone walked around on the first floor of Asher Landseer's guest house. If it was Jeremy, I doubt he would have done that. He probably would have called out my name, maybe knocked on the door first? That's what he'd done the other times he came. So, no, this was someone else.

They walked around upstairs, slowly, inspecting the place. My breath quickened, heart raced. I felt like I was in a horror movie. The villain, some insane man with claws in place of fingernails, would walk down the basement steps any moment and find me sitting on the couch, easy prey for the taking.

The person upstairs walked towards the staircase leading to the second floor. I heard brief sounds of their ascent, then nothing. I should leave, hurry away, run outside and beg Jeremy to take me home, but for some reason I couldn't move. The footsteps thudded down the stairs again, across the living room floor towards the basement door, and then down those, too.

I stared, wide-eyed, at the foot of the stairs all the way across the library room from where I sat. I saw feet first, in polished leather shoes, then immaculate dress slacks, a smooth suit coat, and finally Asher's somber, solemn face. He stared at me and I stared back at him. I tried to breathe, but the air felt too heavy to my lungs.

"Jessika," Asher said. "What are you doing?"

I didn't answer him; I couldn't answer him.

He kicked the blankets away from the bottom of the stairs and stepped towards me. In his hand he held the four bookmarks. Hidden in my chemise blouse sleeve, I'd tucked the piece of paper with notes on which page he'd marked in which book, but he couldn't have known that. Walking to the edge of his table, he checked each of the books.

"Too afraid of this one?" he said, lifting up the Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. "Probably a good idea. It's worth a quarter of a million easily."

I gulped. I wanted to cry all of a sudden, for no good reason. I'd done this on purpose, intended on doing this, but now I really didn't know why.

Asher left the table and came towards me. He tossed the bookmarks in my lap and stared at me, hard. "Do you think this is a game?" he asked.

I somehow managed to shake my head, no.

"Why did you do this?"

I lifted my shoulders in the barest hint of a shrug.

"I wanted you to leave," he said, talking to himself more than me. He began pacing in the library, fretting, rubbing at the sides of his eyes with his index finger and thumb. "I didn't want this to happen. Do you know how difficult this is for me? Do you know what I have to do? I have to tell Beatrice about all of this, and then what? Besides that, I have to deal with you now, too. I don't even know what you're doing. Why did you throw a tissue in the trash in one of the bedrooms upstairs?"

"I don't know," I squeaked. My voice cracked as I tried to speak normally.

"I don't know, either! I do know one thing, though." His eyes glimmered and he stared at me with vicious passion. "You're going to clean it all up. Now."

I stood immediately, hurried to the stairs. My God, Asher was scary like this. Scary and... I thought back to my episode in the bathtub. Probably a bad thing to think about right now. I ran to move past him, but he grabbed my arm and pulled me to him. He squeezed me hard around my waist, his fingers tickling and digging into my sides. I started to laugh, but then a prick of pain sunk in and I opened my mouth, gasping.

He kissed me hard. His mouth covered mine, some voracious, wild thing, and he kissed me. His arms wrapped around me, pulling me close, and he eased his tongue into my mouth and toyed with mine. I paused, confused, but only for a moment before I engaged him in this wild, unforeseen passion. I kissed him, licked him, wanted to press my lips against every part of his face. My hands clung to his body and his coat and his belt. Before I knew it, he pulled me up against him, grabbed my thighs, lifted me up, and coaxed me into wrapping my legs around his waist.

He carried me to the ottoman as he kissed and touched and teased me with reckless abandon. Without a care or a thought in the world, he dropped to his knees and tossed me onto the ottoman. My back hit the leather cushions with a thud while my head landed on the seat of the chair behind me. I gasped, surprised, and Asher used my momentary shock to loosen himself from me.

He pulled and tugged on the buttons of my chemise blouse, undoing all of them. Moving the fabric to the side, he licked and caressed my stomach with his tongue and lips. His hands grabbed, greedy, at my skirt and he ripped down the zipper in the back then wrenched the skirt off with one hasty tug. Sliding one hand beneath my bra, he groped and squeezed at my breast. I squirmed on the ottoman, wriggling in his grasp, reluctant and trying to get free.

Or, my body acted reluctant, but I didn't want to go anywhere. I whispered shy encouragement to him, over and over. "Yes. Asher. I'm so sorry. Please."

He pulled aside my panties and licked a ragged line down my stomach towards my belly button, lower to my hips. His tongue left a wet trail across the fabric of my underwear as he bit and nibbled at the cloth. Then lower still, until he pressed his mouth against my slick folds. He sucked and licked at the lips between my legs, kissing them with the same fervid passion he'd used on my mouth. My feet pressed against the library floor and I pushed up and towards him with my hips. I placed my fingers in his hair, holding onto him, but he moved my hands away and made me grab onto the sides of the ottoman instead.

"You dirty slut," he said, his voice a growl. I looked down at him and he watched my expression with heated awareness. "Why do you keep getting distracted when I order you to do something? First in my office, and now in my home?"

"Asher," I whimpered. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to. I can't help it. I..."

"What?" he asked. "Say it." He lowered his face and licked around my clit, then stuffed two fingers inside me while somehow expecting me to speak.

"I..."

He pushed harder into me, frantically licked me into a frenzy. "Say it!" he roared into my p**sy.

"I masturbated in your bathtub," I yelped.

He paused, completely caught off guard. His finger stopped moving, buried deep inside me, and his tongue lay still on top of the sensitive flesh of my clit. I whimpered and writhed, wanting him so desperately to give me more.

"You masturbated in my bathtub?" he asked.

"Yes," I whispered. "The jets and I was and... Asher, please?"

He grinned and added another finger next to the other two pressed hard inside me. His tongue explored every inch of space between my legs. I screamed out his name and tried to press my knees hard together, but he held one of my legs against the ottoman to stop me. My other leg twitched and spasmed, unsure what to do, and then I lost all control of anything. My body quivered, moving up and down, trapped between Asher's strength and the chair and the ottoman, trembling under his touch.

He never stopped, merely watched me cli**x. I clamped my eyes shut and squeezed my fingers into the sides of the ottoman, holding on for dear life. His tongue, my God! Inside me, his fingers curled up, pressing against me, finding my g-spot and delivering me into exquisite pleasure. I wanted him so very badly, wanted to grab him and pull him up and undo his pants and wrap my legs around him, squeeze him forward and into me, but I couldn't think well enough to manage anything like that. Asher plied my body, pulling my orgasm out of me, never relenting.

My breathing stopped and a rush of ecstasy soared through me. I clenched against his fingers inside me and soaked the leather cushions beneath me with my arousal. Too much, so much, I let out a heavy sigh and collapsed on the chair and ottoman while Asher slowed his pace and let me relax.

When I thought I was done, when I thought everything was over, he picked me up and put me on my feet. I stood, knees shaking. Asher stepped away and inspected me once I had some semblance of a proper standing position. The front of my panties were still pushed to the side, wet from his tongue and my cli**x, and the right side of my bra was out of place from when he'd shoved his hand under it to snatch at my breast.

"Go," he said.

"What?" I asked.

"Go! Go clean. Pick up the mess you left upstairs. The crust of bread on the basement stairs, too. And fold the blankets and put them back where you found them."

I went. I ran. I could barely feel my legs, but I managed my way up the stairs, nearly nak*d in only my bra and panties. I took the tissue from the trash in the bedroom and tucked it into the waistband of my underwear, then picked up the towel from the bathroom floor and hung it on one of the shower doors to dry. I smoothed out the corner of the sheets and fixed them back into place. Back downstairs, on the first floor, I tossed the tissue from my panties into the trash barrel in the kitchenette, then stumbled down the basement stairs and grabbed the crust from the steps, then back up the stairs to put it with the tissue.

To the library again, where I folded the blankets and put them on the chair. Asher lay on the couch now, reclining and reading The Time Traveler's Wife. He tossed a cursory glance towards me before sitting up and staring my way.

"Are you done?" he asked.

I shook my head, no. Rushing towards my discarded clothes, I searched through them until I found the piece of paper with the pages he'd bookmarked. He laughed as I pulled the paper from the sleeve of my chemise blouse and handed it to him without a word.

"You wrote down all the pages?" he asked.

"Yes," I said, unsure and shy all of a sudden. "I didn't want to lose your place. I..."

"Jessika," he said. "We can't do this."

"I know, but..."

He looped his fingers into my panties and pulled me towards him. Dropping his book onto the floor, careless, with no regard to where he'd left off, he shoved his other hand between my legs. Two fingers inside me, as easily as that, with his thumb curved up towards my stomach. I shrieked, surprised, almost folding my knees and falling to the floor, but he held me up and pulled me onto the couch with him. Laying me down, fingers still in me, he stared at me as I squirmed against him. My body, his touch, it all felt so wonderfully perfect.

I wanted him to take me again, to bring me to cli**x, but he slipped his fingers out of me as easily as he'd slid them in and left me in a needy mess on the couch.

"Jessika, no more," he said, smiling.

"I'm... I'm sorry," I said. I lifted myself off the couch and sat alongside him.

"I can't cheat on my wife," he said. "We have, and I did, but it's not as simple as that anymore. We can't do this again. Do you have a boyfriend?"

"No," I answered. "I understand, though. I do, it's just..."

"You're curious," Asher said. "Curiouser and curiouser," he recited a line from the Wonderland book on his library table. "Do you think that's cliche? I find myself falling deeper down the rabbit hole, wanting to know more about you, but I'm afraid it's going to be the death of me. Off with my head."

"We can paint the roses red?" I offered.

Asher stared at me, blinking. All of a sudden he laughed and kissed my forehead. "I'm sure it's not that easy."

"I just... I'd like to be close to you, Asher," I said, candidly.

He nodded. "I think it's alright to be close," he said.

"But, your wife?"

"Yes, I have a wife, Jessika, and I have obligations towards her."

"I won't tell her," I said.

"It's not about telling her. It's about trust. If I don't tell her, then what do I do? She might never find out, but I'll always know, and..."

"I know," I said. "I'm sorry."

"Will you do it, still?" he asked, looking at me softly. "The surrogacy and everything we talked about?"

"Your wife and... I don't think she'll agree to that."

"She's returning from her trip tomorrow. We have plans for dinner tomorrow night. I think it's best if you join us, too. We can discuss everything and..."

I frowned. "Asher..."

"Jessika," he said firmly. "I know what happened and we both know we can't go any further, but that doesn't mean..."

"I think it does actually mean quite a lot," I interrupted.

"I'm ordering you to attend dinner with me and my wife," he said. He attempted to sound firm and confident, but I thought I heard a faint trace of uncertainty.

It slipped out of my mouth. I never meant to say it. "What if I get distracted beforehand?"

He stared at me, silent, and then he burst into laughter. "How distracted?"

"Asher, I'm really distracted right now," I said, teasing.

"Go," he said. "Put on your clothes. Get dressed. I'm going to yell at Jeremy, but then I'll come back. We can talk about things."

I nodded.

"Talk," he repeated, his tone solid and firm. "Talk and nothing more. What kind of pizza do you like?"

"What?" The question was so out of the blue that I didn't know what to make of it.

"I'll order pizza. We can eat and talk and get to know each other. We can watch a movie?" he offered.

"Asher..." I paused, stared, grabbed my skirt from the floor and squeezed it between my hands. "Yes, I'd like that. I like mushrooms. And ham. I usually ask if they can go light on the cheese. Anything else is fine, too. I'm not picky."

"Not picky?" He asked, sounding unconvinced. Grinning, he stood up. "Alright. I'll be right back."

He left me in his library basement, disheveled and half-clothed. I relished the idea of sitting with him, eating pizza like a couple and watching a movie. Talking. Leaning my head against his shoulder while he put his arm around me.

I needed to refrain from that, though. I needed to pull back and stop this right now. Asher accepted me, gave me a second chance, and though he'd acted in a fit of passion again, I didn't think we could do this anymore. Especially with his wife returning.

Some fluke, he might say. I'd apologize profusely to her, beg her to accept, and somehow Asher had decided he would weave in a request for me acting as her surrogate. Egg donation, pregnancy, their child in my womb. Except it would be partly my child, too, wouldn't it? Not exactly, but somewhat. My egg and his seed, but it was for her, his wife. Beatrice.

Could I handle that, though? Could I do any of this? I'd agreed so quickly, and I didn't have any real reasons for it.

That was in the long term, though. Thinking shorter, could I even manage to survive dinner with them tomorrow? Asher, yes, perhaps, but I pictured Beatrice, some cool, calm woman screaming at me and demanding I leave, threatening Asher with divorce, or more. I had no right to ask if he had a prenuptial agreement with her, but if he didn't I could very well be his downfall.

And then what would Asher think of me?

There was no reason to worry about it right now, I told myself. Tomorrow, dinner, I had plenty of time until then to think of what I was going to do and say.

His Absolute Desires

I sat on the couch waiting for Asher to return, feeling calmer than I had in months. Years, maybe? I didn't know for sure and couldn't have said why-since I felt like I should be anxious-but I felt wonderful. Asher, the man I'd met only a couple days ago, the CEO of Landseer Enterprises, was off ordering us pizza.

And a movie! I wondered what movies he might have. Did he watch classics, like Casablanca, or did he prefer newer movies? Comedies? Action films? Or, dare I think it, romance? The latter was, perhaps, awkward wishful thinking. I didn't actually care what kinds of movies he liked, or what in particular we watched, but I enjoyed the idea of sitting in his guest home and watching a movie with him. By ourselves, alone, with pizza, like some kind of casual date.

Of course it wasn't a date, but some small part of me had classified it as that. He had a wife, told me multiple times he needed to be faithful to her, but why? I didn't want to ruin his marriage, not by a long shot, but I wanted him to be happy. She left for weeks at a time from what he mentioned, and when she was here she rarely spent time with him from what I knew, so it wasn't a very expressive marriage. Convenience and association, and since they both came from well-to-do families it made sense, but that didn't mean marriage needed to be that way.

There was love and passion. Fervid desire and anticipation. There was emotion, like butterflies caressing your skin and sinking into your stomach, making you feel weak in the knees and oh so wonderful. I knew Asher was fully capable of these feelings and of making someone else feel them, too. He'd shown me passion aplenty in his office when I first met him. Just last night he'd shown me even more, too. He had love and desires and excitement bottled up inside of him, begging to get out, but he had no way to release them.

I wanted all of him. He was rich, yes, but that wasn't what was important to me. I wanted his affection and his love, his release and his happiness. Maybe that was why I accepted his request to act as an egg donor and surrogate mother for his infertile wife. It was an awful, horrible, horrendous idea, and I knew in the end I would come to regret it if-or more like, when-the entire ordeal was over and Asher and I parted ways, but I felt like I needed to do it anyways. For him, for his happiness, and for a brief glimpse of happiness for myself, too.

Asher was kind. He was aloof and dominant and sometimes too aggressive. I don't think he knew exactly what he wanted in his life, even if he had precise control over everything regarding his career and his finances. He was quiet and isolated and the sort of person who preferred curling up in his private library with a good book over attending fancy parties and showing himself off to the general public. He was a lot of things that a lot of people probably wouldn't like, but he was everything that I wanted.

I desired him beyond belief. His touch, himself, his warmth and his body pressing against me as he whispered words of adoration into my ear.

Unfortunately it was not to be. I knew this, and he'd said it, and despite the fact that we'd gone against it and I'd made him feel terrible about cheating on his wife, I knew it couldn't happen again. I understood that and I told myself to let it go, but some part of me refused to accept it. A passing fancy, something stuck into my head that would come loose over time, dislodge, and vanish as quickly as it appeared. Whim, pure fantasy, and nothing more.

That's what I told myself, but I didn't believe that, either.

...

"Jeremy," Asher said, seeing his driver hastily walking through the main house foyer and heading to the front door. "A word?"

Jeremy paused, looking as if he needed to decide whether he was going to keep going or listen to the man who paid his salary. "Hey, Asher," he said, reluctant. "Is everything alright?"

"No," Asher said. "Not particularly. There's an annoying, ridiculously stubborn, absolutely infuriating woman in my guest home, and I'm not sure why she's still there."

"Oh," Jeremy said, face turning red. "Right. I don't know?"

"I think you do," Asher said.

"You, uh... did she...?"

Asher fully suspected Jeremy knew exactly why Jessika was still in his guest house. He'd asked the man to drive her home early that morning, and was surprised to hear she'd refused to leave. Except, why would she do that? Jessika didn't seem the sort to take risks like that; not unless she knew it would pay off. True, he didn't know her that well, but from what he did know she was respectful with a slight feisty streak.

Except, how feisty? Enough to refuse to leave, and enough to go around his guest home and mess the place up. Not a huge mess, nothing more than superficial dirtiness, but still. And, my God, she'd admitted to masturbating in his bathtub while he was away. Granted, he'd been easing away her aroused distraction at the time, pulling her clothes off and pushing her panties to the side so he could...

Had he needed to do that? In his mind, he rationalized their behavior. Jessika was something else entirely, and he needed to prove to her that he wasn't a pushover. She was no ordinary woman, no matter what she thought of herself. But, had he wanted to do what he did? That was a dangerous question and best left unanswered.

He wanted so much and he knew he couldn't have it. Why dwell on the unattainable?

"I'm sorry about the hassle," Jeremy said. He was apologizing now, and Asher realized he must have been at it for awhile. "The thing is, she didn't want to leave, and I might have told her that you probably wouldn't force the issue. I don't remember the exact details. And..."

"It's fine," Asher said, grinning. "I just wanted to harass you. Actually, I was about to order pizza for her and I. Can you go pick it up?"

"Oh," Jeremy said, standing there with his mouth open, looking like a hooked fish.

After a moment's pause, Asher said, "Well?"

"Yes. Um, yeah? You sure? Is everything... good? What kind of pizza are you getting?"

"Ham and mushrooms, light on the cheese. Also another with chicken, feta cheese, tomatoes, and onions."

"Oh. George's place?"

"The Arcadia, yes."

"Sure, I can go. I don't have anything else to do. Was just going to..."

"For someone who has nothing to do, you sure looked like you were in a hurry to leave before," Asher observed.

Jeremy stumbled for something to say. Yes, Asher decided, he'd definitely influenced Jessika's decision to stay. Asher wondered whether he should reprimand him or thank him.

Probably both.

...

I lazed on the couch in Asher's guest home. My head resting on an overstuffed pillow, I gazed up at the ceiling. I felt giddy, like a school girl, like my crush had invited me to his house to study for an upcoming test and once I got there he told me that his parents would be away for the weekend. The point of going was, of course, the studying, but there was always that allure, hiding, of something more. A kiss, a peck, a touch of hands as we took a break and watched a movie and both grabbed for the same piece of popcorn from the snack bowl. Anything, just the smallest, most simplest of things, transformed into so much more.

"Comfortable?" Asher asked. He intruded on my daydream, waltzing into his home and joining me in the open living room.

"Yes," I said. I sat up and patted the seat beside me on the couch. "Do you want to be comfortable, too?"

He smiled and sat next to me. Not too close, but close enough. I sat and stared at him with my hands in my lap, realizing I had a silly smile on my face but not knowing any way to get rid of it. I couldn't have stopped smiling right now if I tried, so I just let it be.

"The pizza will be here soon," he said. "Jeremy is picking it up. The Arcadia. Have you heard of it?"

I shook my head, no.

"It's very good. A classier place, but they don't skimp or make it cheap. There, pizza is pizza, with tons of toppings and a crust you can sink your teeth into. Not like those fancy places that give you something the size of a tea saucer and charge you five times what Domino's does." He paused for a second, then added, "Not that I'm annoyed about that or anything..."

"I take it you've had some bad pizza?" I asked, laughing.

"I prefer not to talk about it," Asher said. He lowered his eyes, feigning shy indignance. Asher was anything but shy, though. He looked up soon after, glanced at me, making eye contact, and flashed me a bright smile.

"I was thinking," he said. "Have you seen The Goonies? I haven't seen it since I was a kid and I'd love to watch it again. It's a great movie."

"Is that the one with the pirates?"

"Kind of," he said. "Not really, but sort of. There's a pirate's treasure, and a mafia crime family. Traps and adventure and a little romance and friends coming together to accomplish something big, and..."

I listened to him with rapt attention. He sounded so into it. It wasn't the kind of movie I'd typically like, though I was sure I would have watched it with friends. The way Asher talked about it, the glimmer in his eyes and the excitement in his voice, I really wanted to watch it now, though. Something about it, sharing his passion, watching the movie and simultaneously watching him watch it, seeing him enjoy it; the idea appealed to me.

"I'd love to watch it," I said.

"Great!" He got up, walked towards the fireplace.

Tapping on one of the bricks revealed a panel with a bunch of buttons and he pressed a few. The large windows surrounding the living room immediately darkened, becoming tinted(almost like magic) and blocked most of the late afternoon sun. Then, something clicked behind and above me. I craned my neck and looked back to see a plate opening in the ceiling, with a projector dropping down and arranging itself so it pointed in front of us. And, finally, a large, white screen descended above the fireplace.

The whole thing looked like some movie theatre set up. Except, of course, for the fact that I was still in Asher's living room. I gaped at the screen, dumbstruck. I'd never really imagined anything like this. It was the kind of thing people talked about wishing they had, except Asher actually owned it. He snickered at my reaction.

Walking with a swagger back to the couch, he plopped next to me again. "I have everything set up," he said. Leaning forward, he snatched a remote off the coffee table. "With this, I can access every DVD in my collection and play them through the projector. It's quite useful."

"I imagine," I said. I couldn't keep my eyes off the projection screen. "This is amazing."

"You think this is amazing? Just wait until the pizza arrives."

...

The movie ended. The pizza was as amazing as Asher said, too. I loved all of it. Not just the pizza or the movie, but every time something exciting was about to happen Asher would tense up. He'd stare at the screen, entranced, watching. Sometimes he'd notice me looking at him and laugh, telling me to watch. "A good part is coming up soon," he'd say.

I scooted closer to him on the couch as the movie progressed, almost touching him, side by side. It was a good movie and I liked it. Cute, silly, with lighthearted parts sprinkled in with the more serious plot points. I could tell why he liked it, and I think I would have loved to read a book about it, to learn more, get a better feel for the characters. It was good, though. The whole evening was good. Wonderful and great.

"Who was your favorite character?" he asked me during the credits.

A Cyndi Lauper song hummed through the surround sound speakers. "I liked the little boy with the gadgets," I said.

Asher laughed. "I always wanted to be like him when I was younger. I used to watch this movie all the time. I don't know why, but whenever I saw it was on TV I'd switch to that channel and watch it, even if it was halfway over already."

I shifted closer to him on the couch. Our thighs touched and he looked at me briefly, some unspoken words between us. Careful, his eyes seemed to say. This is alright, but no more. Careful.

I leaned back on the couch, looking towards the ceiling. My head lolled, rolling to the side, touching the top of his shoulder. "I never did anything like that," I said. "I liked to read a book after I saw the movie, though. If I saw a movie and liked it and found out it was based on a book, I needed to read the book after. I don't know why, since I knew most of what would happen, but it's still different, too. Sometimes a lot different."

"Like what?" he asked. He put a hand on my thigh by my knee, a friendly gesture. My heart raced at his touch.

"It's not that old, but The Notebook was a good one. I saw the movie and then read the book. It's the same story, but they're told very differently. I think Nicholas Sparks is a wonderful author."

"Have you seen Dear John?" he asked.

"Yes," I said, giving him a funny look. "Don't tell me you've seen it? The powerful Asher Landseer, CEO and billionaire, with a soft spot for dramatic romances?"

"Amanda Seyfried," he said, as if this was an excuse. "That's what I tell people, anyways. She is beautiful, but I enjoyed the movie, too. It's interesting. Very different from what you'd expect." Out of the blue, he glanced at me and added, "You look a little like her, you know? Your eyes. I mean, I'm not trying to..." He trailed off, realizing what he'd just said.

Flirting, admiring me, playful banter. I drank it all in, absolutely adored it, and yet I knew it made him uncomfortable(and for good reason). "Right," I said, laughing, rolling my eyes. "There is no way I look anything like Amanda Seyfried."

"Maybe not, but I think so," he said. He changed the subject. "How was the pizza? Alright?"

"Phenomenal!" I said. "I really liked it."

The credits of the movie finished and Asher clicked some buttons on the remote to switch the projector off. We sat there, talking, telling each other a million little things about ourselves. What did I like to do when I had a day off? Where did he like to go, what was his favorite place in the city? What did I think of the restaurant the other day? What kind of music did he like to listen to? Did I like coffee? He knew a great, quiet coffee shop in a quaint town nearby. Maybe we could go there sometime; they had local author readings, poetry, and trivia events.

Evening settled into dusk, which turned into night. The tinted windows looked pitch black, the darkness outside wearing away their usefulness. Asher had dimmed the lights when he started the movie(another one of his secret switches), and his guest home transformed into a quiet, relaxing place. It was almost as if it were anywhere else, as if we weren't sitting on a couch at his multi-million dollar estate and instead were somewhere far off and regular.

We dozed, talking, but responding less and less often. I leaned against him, my eyes closed, never wanting this night to end but knowing I'd fall asleep soon. And, without warning, it happened.

...

I awoke in the dead of night. Asher must have stayed awake longer than me, since the lights were dimmed even lower now, almost non-existent. I could see enough of the living room to notice he'd covered us with blankets and changed into a sweatshirt and pajama pants. On the coffee table, folded and in a pile, he'd left me a pair of nightclothes, too. I stretched, gently pushed the blankets off of me, and stood up. I needed to use the bathroom, so I figured I'd change into the pajamas while I was at it.

They must be his wife's, but they fit me pretty well. Or, had he bought them for me specifically? I couldn't imagine anyone ordering a pair of pajamas for delivery in the middle of the night, but then again I never could have imagined spending the night with someone like Asher Landseer before now, either. I thought about that, wondering, as I made my way back to the living room and the blankets. I suppose I could have went upstairs to one of the beds, but I liked the idea of sleeping with Asher. Just close, right? Nothing more than that, nothing more than what we'd already done.

I slipped under the blankets, careful not to disturb him, and eased towards him again. He lay on his back on the couch, but the seat cushions were big enough that if I wanted to I could inch up and lay next to him. A tight fit if I did that, but not too bad. Or, at least, I wouldn't fall off the couch unless we both moved around a lot in our sleep.

I didn't go that far, but I leaned against his feet, resting my upper body against the back of the couch. My arm fidgeted, pulling the blankets over me. In the dark, I couldn't see much, and my hand moved beneath the blankets, trying to figure out where one of them stopped and the other began. It wasn't that easy, though. While we slept, our blankets must have gotten mixed up a bit. I had a part of his and he had a part of mine and...

My hand brushed against his thigh accidentally. Upwards, I pulled at his pajamas bottoms, thinking they were a part of the blanket. Nothing happened, so I pulled a little more, but was careful in case I woke him. When I realized what I had a hold of, which was definitely not the blankets, I blushed. Whoops! And then, when I realized there was something else beneath my hand, I blushed even more.

A fact of life, I knew, and nothing he could control in his sleep, but Asher was hard and ready beneath the blankets. The side of my hand pressed against his crotch and his manhood when I'd tried to pull the blankets(or his pants) away. He must have felt it, would wake up and look at me and... but no, he remained asleep. I pulled my hand away then, brought it above the blankets and put it in my lap. Bad hand, I thought to it. Don't do bad things like that.

Asher continued to lay there, oblivious. On his back, with his legs spread slightly, blanket covering most of his body. The side of my thigh touched against the soles of his feet. I should go to sleep, I told myself. Yes, definitely, except I suddenly didn't want to. I suddenly wanted to do something that I knew I should definitely not do.

Bad, awful thoughts. What happened if Asher woke up? Well, he'd be upset, obviously. If I did this, then there was no knowing what he'd do in return. We'd made amends, somewhat, and while it involved him bringing me to a rough cli**x with his mouth and his hands, he'd made it relatively clear that the act was not to be reciprocated. Except, why not?

The more I thought about it, the more I convinced myself that I should. Because, really, if he brought me to orgasm, then he deserved the same, right? It made sense, strictly speaking. Besides the fact that I absolutely relished the idea, and wanted to do it without a doubt, it had a certain amount of sound logic backing it. An eye for an eye, an orgasm for an orgasm? It was just the right thing to do.

I carefully moved aside the blankets. Not entirely, but enough that I could see where I was going. Sneaking across the couch, creeping carefully, I settled in between Asher's legs. He remained sleeping the entire time, calm, shallow breathing. I propped myself up on my elbows and looked at what I had to work with.

Asher was erect, that much was obvious. And, to my good fortune, he wore a typical style of men's pajama pants. A single button in the center of a loose, slitted opening in the middle of the pajama pants crotch area gave me all the access I needed to fulfill my task. A task, I told myself, over and over. I shouldn't enjoy it, because it was something I should do. Like work, a job.

Except, honestly? No, I would enjoy this very much.

I stretched a finger out, prodding at the button. With barely any effort, it came loose. I slowly put my hand into his pants and pulled out his throbbing shaft, setting it free from its pajama prison. Asher's c*ck greeted me with a hearty hello, looking happy to see me. I grinned at the image of that.

Still, I didn't have a lot of room with how things were currently set up. I shifted to the side, trying to ease him into widening his legs a little more. Careful, inch by inch, I managed to give myself more room without waking him up. The cool air in the room, quite different from the warmth of his core and his pajamas, seemed to harden his shaft's resolve. I stared at it, watching it flex and twitch inadvertently as Asher slept, blissfully unaware.

Careful, barely anything at all, I touched the sides of his cock. Immediately it twitched between my fingers, stretching upwards. I held it in my hand, feeling the wicked warmth of him, delighting in it. He felt radiant, like a blazing furnace in the middle of winter. I got a more firm grip on his shaft, holding it in place so that when he twitched I didn't risk losing him. My hand stroked him downwards, towards his pajama pants and the center of his body, then ever so slowly upwards, to the head of his cock.

This was not enough, though. Not nearly enough. I squeezed closer still, until my head was just above his crotch. I admired his manhood as I stroked it, taking in every twitch and strain. Whenever he flexed his c*ck while he slept, I could see the veins pushing out. I squeezed them beneath my fingers, stroking him up and down, slow so as not to wake him.

I lowered my head and opened my mouth, engulfing his cockhead between my lips. Immediately he tensed and I thought this was it. He was going to wake up, realize what was going on, and I'd be in horrible trouble. He'd kick me out of his guest home, throw me out onto the streets, and who knew what. Except, no, he tensed, but nothing more. His breathing remained calm, though a bit more ragged than before, not as shallow.

I stroked downwards and lowered my head at the same time, taking more of him into my mouth. He tasted a little sweet, with a hint of salt, but not too much. It was nice and I liked it. Somewhat like a chocolate covered pretzel, salty and sweet. That was the best way I could think to explain it, at least.

My head bobbed up and down and I took a risk and went a little faster. From my vantage point I could see his testicles tightening in his pants. My free hand snuck into the unbuttoned slit in the crotch of his pajamas and gently squeezed his balls between my fingers. I rolled them around, stroked him, pressed my lips tightly around his shaft and moved my head up and down.

I heard a whisper. "Jessika..."

I froze mid stroke, lips wrapped around his c*ck and my hand holding his balls. Nothing more, though, just the quiet whisper. He lay there, unmoving, and I realized he must be dreaming. Still asleep, relaxed, but dreaming and faintly whispering my name. Did he dream of me? The idea excited me.

I returned to what I was doing, focusing on him entirely. He tensed and flexed in my grip while his legs twitched slightly every so often. I thought he would surely wake up, but I didn't care. I would do this thing, finish it off, and then act as if nothing had happened. There were sleep walkers, right? Maybe this is what I did in my sleep. It was a medical problem, I would tell him. He couldn't hold it against me if I said that, right?

He was close. I could feel it, feel his balls tightening and moving closer to the center of his body. His c*ck tightened even more. His heartbeat pounded through his stiff rod, radiating bright heat. I grew sloppy in my haste. I stroked him quicker, trying to urge him towards cli**x, but still careful so that I didn't wake him. This was, I reaffirmed, a terrible idea, but a necessity, too. I needed this so badly, and by the looks of it, Asher did, also.

Asher's c*ck jerked in my hand and in my mouth and in a matter of seconds he came. Strong, urgent jets of cum splashed against the back of my throat. Over and over, nearly nonstop, and he didn't seem like he was going to soften any time soon. I continued to stroke him. He squirmed on the couch, clearly feeling it, but still in some lucid state of dreaming.

Once he finished his cli**x, I realized I hadn't quite prepared for this. What exactly was I supposed to do now? Stop, of course, and ease his softening c*ck back into his pants and redo the button, but then what? What did I do with the cum in my mouth? I'd never swallowed before, and I hadn't even given many men a blowjob either, but I didn't have much choice now, did I? I could get up, hope I didn't wake him, and spit it out, or swallow it and lay here like nothing ever happened.

I decided to swallow. Asher was moving around now, somewhat restless, and I thought if I got up he'd realize his dream was a little more than that and he would do something. My random idea that I could play it off as part of a sleeping issue now seemed ridiculous and absurd. Who would ever believe that? Did I really think I could fool anyone with that line? Especially someone like Asher Landseer?

No, probably not, so I swallowed his seed and fixed his pants and scooted up so I lay right next to him. Quiet, nervous, I lay there and waited to see if he would wake up. A minute passed, and another. Maybe more, maybe an hour, but I continued to lay there, thinking I'd give myself away at any moment and he'd punish me(and not in a good way).

He never did, though. He moved, yes, but only to wrap his arm around me in his sleep. No conscious effort to it, I thought, just something he did. I nestled against his chest, smelling him. He smelled faintly of citrus, like a glass of water with a wedge of lemon, and a hint of baby powder. Closing my eyes, I took in his scent, finding it relaxing. His strong arm held me tight. I put my own arm across his stomach and closed my eyes.

...

When I woke up in the morning, Asher was staring at me. He had this strange, curious look in his eyes like he didn't know what to do with me. I lay there, contented, with his arm wrapped around me and my arm draped over his chest. I yawned and blinked and rubbed my eyes and then I realized where I was and what exactly I was doing.

I startled and went straight to apologizing.

"Oh," I said. "I'm so sorry. Um. It was cold last night and I was tired and a little out of it, so..."

He gave me a lazy smile, scrunching his eyes, scrutinizing me. I don't think he believed a word I said. "It's alright. Did you get up to get a snack?" he asked.

"Huh? No. Why?"

"You've got something... right... there." He tapped his finger just below my lower lip and wiped it to the side.

I blushed, in a panic. My God! Really now? Not only was this embarrassing, but it was... it was...

"If you were hungry, it's fine," he said. "I don't mind. Maybe it was sleep eating? I've heard of that before." His tone of voice was completely unconvinced that this was a real thing, but I appreciated him favoring me.

"Yes, that's it." I scrambled away from him. Falling off the couch, catching myself on the floor and getting to my knees, I crawled away from him and to somewhere relatively more safe. Relative safety being anywhere that I could calm down and pretend he hadn't spotted some remnants of my illicit midnight escapades.

Would he notice? Had I left any other signs of what I'd done? When I thought I had my blush under control, I turned to look at him. He stretched on the couch, then lowered his legs to the floor and rose to his feet. I surreptitiously glanced at his crotch, hoping to see(or preferably not see) anything amiss. Nothing from what I could tell, except my glance was perhaps a bit less covert than I'd intended.

He lifted one brow, looking at me funny. "Jessika, are you alright? Is something wrong? You're acting odd."

"No!" I squeaked. "Nothing! I have to use the bathroom. My hairs a mess. I'm sure I look terrible."

An excuse? Yes. I didn't know if I looked terrible, nor did I care too much, but I figured if I could use the age old excuse to my advantage, one used by many women before me, then I should pull out all the stops and do it.

"You look fine," he said. "Nice, actually. Somewhat glowing. Very refreshed, and..."

I nodded, thanked him, and ran to the bathroom. The upstairs one, far away from anywhere Asher would be. He probably looked at me quizzically and laughed to himself, but I scurried up the stairs as quick as I could so I never saw any of that. The image in my head, the thought of it, that was more than enough to make me feel embarrassed all over again.

I didn't actually need to use the bathroom, not quite, but I freshened up anyways. When I looked in the mirror, I looked fine, mostly. Some quick touch-ups would fix any obvious hair issues, and I wasn't so vain that I needed to always wear makeup no matter what. I did look somewhat glowing, though. Probably, I assumed, because of the blushing, but Asher didn't need to know that, nor the reason behind it.

Relax, Jessika, I told myself. Breathing in and out, some makeshift Zen meditation, I released my pent up worries and took in good energy. That was the idea, at least, though who could say if I did it right. Maybe I should look into that? It seemed useful and thinking about it served as a good distraction while I relaxed into normalness.

When I rejoined Asher downstairs, he was talking on his cell phone.

"Alright," he said. "Yes, of course. No, it won't be a problem. Why would it? I'm interested to read the reports. I'll have someone there to take care of things, too. Yes. Yes. Nice talking with you. Have a good day."

He hung up the phone and put it on the kitchen countertop.

"Is everything alright?" I asked.

"Everything," he said, "is great. I've just learned that my director of public relations is returning to Landseer Tower today with news and a report. I can only hope its good, but I'm sure he has everything under control."

"He?"

"Solomon," Asher said. "Solomon Royce. He's done good work for me, though I don't understand his methods exactly. Always away doing this or that, sparking interest in company holdings, doing press releases, that kind of thing. I couldn't manage any of it for the life of me, so I'm glad to have him, but sometimes it's confusing since I don't understand most of what his reports are about."

"Can't you ask him?" I'd thought of Asher as something of a genius in the business world and finding out that there were things he didn't understand was somewhat jarring.

"Oh, I do. It doesn't help. He gives me explanations and books to read and I've read them, but the way he puts so much information in reports and discusses everything in such detail, it's like I need a translator to understand it. I'd love to be more active in public relations, at least behind the scenes, but Solomon has a hold on it so it doesn't matter too much."

"Is that a good idea?" I said. "I don't mean to pry, but..."

He shrugged. "No, I know what you're getting it. It's really not a good idea, generally speaking. I should at least have some understanding of that side of my business, but I trust him. I pay him enough, so I shouldn't have to worry about him leaving the company any time soon, anyways." The last part was apparently a joke. Asher chuckled.

"Alright," I said. I wasn't a businessperson. I wasn't even involved in any real business, public relations or not, so I doubted I could judge anything Asher did. But, still, it seemed off to me. Odd.

"Speaking of Solomon," Asher said. "He's actually returning at a bad time. I always have someone to take care of his needs in his office, but the woman who usually does it is on vacation. I didn't expect him back so soon. I was wondering if maybe..."

"Are you asking me to do it?"

He smiled, sheepish. Not really an Asher Landseer look. More relaxed and comfortable and endearing. I smiled back, caught off guard.

"If you wouldn't mind," he said. "I'll pay you, of course. You can come in with me and Jeremy. I'll find suitable business attire. It shouldn't be anything difficult. Sit in his office and wait for him, go deliver papers or pick something up. Like a secretary, except not exactly."

I nodded. "I can do it. I don't think there will be any problems."

These were, one might say, famous last words.

"Thanks," Asher said, sounding genuine. "What do you want for breakfast? I'll make it. You can sit back, relax, and enjoy the show."

"The breakfast show?" I asked, tittering. My God, was I some crazed school girl? Giggling in front of a grown man? I lowered my eyes, self-conscious.

He strode towards me and put his hand under my chin. Gentle, yet firm, he lifted my face so that I had to look at him. My eyes moved to the side, denying him, but I could only do it for so long. He met my gaze.

"Yes," he said, sounding completely serious. "I shall fry the pans and toast the eggs like you've never seen before. In your name, Jessika, for the greater good."

"Stop it!" I said, laughing. I slapped his cheek, playful and light, then turned my eyes down again. "I do like pan fries," I added.

"You have a beautiful smile," he said, but that was it. Before I could blush or accept the compliment or say anything at all in return, he squeezed my chin gently between his fingers, let me go, and walked away.

...

We finished breakfast and Jeremy drove us to Landseer Tower. Asher spent most of the ride on his phone, talking, asking about this or that, requesting someone find figures on something and have them brought to him or someone else, or whatever. I sat there quietly, trying to get into the right mood for this kind of thing.

Today, I was a businesswoman. Not exactly, and even if I was one I was quite a bit lower in importance than anyone else. A temporary position, again, except this time I had the full backing of the CEO of the company. For some reason, that made me feel better. In actuality it wasn't too much different from when I'd gone to clean Asher's office, but the fact that before was on initiative from the temp agency, and now was because of Asher himself, it just felt different to me.

I folded my hands on my lap, sat perfectly still, and thought about what I would do. Should I call him Solomon, or Mr. Royce? I should ask about that. Maybe Mr. Solomon Royce? Did he want me to get him coffee? Snacks? That seemed kind of lowly, but who knew what his usual assistant did. I needed to run errands, fetch papers, and help him out in whatever way necessary, so I should prepare for the worst. And, really, there were worse things in life than someone telling you to get them coffee. I could handle it.

We arrived, Asher left. He told someone about what I would be doing and they showed me to Solomon's office. Solomon, they said, was what I should call him. I thanked the woman and smiled and then looked around Solomon's office to figure out what I could do.

He wasn't there yet, and would arrive when he arrived. That's what Asher told me. Solomon did his own thing most of the time, but he was always prompt in doing his job. Just not always in his office, but what did that matter? For someone like him, or Asher, or most of the higher ups in this building, I assumed they could probably do their work wherever they wanted and it wouldn't make too much of a difference.

Solomon's office was weird, though. Nothing like Asher's, first off. Asher's office had a comfortable feel to it. Maybe a little cluttered, with the reading nook and bookcases and little oddities he had arranged around the room, but it felt cozy and nice. Solomon's office was mostly utilitarian.

The room had a desk with a large window behind it, shaded. One high-back chair sat behind the desk, with a regular office chair in front of it for visitors. A table off to the side with books on it, sorted neatly in stacks. Then a leather couch, a mirror behind that, and a shaded lamp in one corner.

The couch looked nice enough. I sat on it to test it out, and it felt plush. Cold, though, like no one ever sat on it, but then again, no one had sat there in awhile, right? Solomon had gone on a business trip to oversee some things, and his assistant was on vacation, so no one had any reason to use this room for at least the past couple of weeks.

I bounced on the couch, thinking to myself. With time to spare, I crept over to the lamp. Crawling across the couch on all fours, reaching up to switch the lamp on, I didn't expect what came next.

As soon as my hand grazed the lamp switch, hidden beneath the shade, a man cleared his throat behind me. Startled, I jumped forward and fell across the arm of the couch. My stomach landed on the arm and my feet slipped on the smooth leather, flailing out and leaving me in a mess.

"Excuse me," the man said. I looked over my shoulder at him. "You aren't Daphne."

He was looking at me! Not just looking at me, but something more. I don't know why, but I felt a cold chill creep through my body as his eyes lingered on me. From my heels to my calves to the skirt of the dress that Asher found for me. Not typical business attire, but it was the best he could find on short notice and he said it would be fine. Who was I to argue with him?

The man followed the curves of my legs up to my ass, raising a brow at the patterned red, beige, and white stripes on my black dress. His eyes went higher, peeking at my back and my solid black suit jacket, then lower, to the side, staring at the curves of my br**sts pressed against the arm of the couch. And, finally, to my face, where he leered at me with the most indecent smirk I'd ever seen.

"No," I said, feeling anxious. Something dropped into the pit of my stomach, a huge lump, and I couldn't get rid of it. "Asher asked me to help you today. Daphne's on vacation."

"Asher?" he asked.

"Sorry. Mr. Landseer. You're Solomon, right?" As soon as I said it, I doubted the earlier woman's advice. "I mean, Mr. Royce? Um..."

"Solomon will be fine," he said.

I gulped. "Yes, sir."

He flashed me a wicked grin. "Sir is fine, too. What's your name?"

"Jessika," I whispered. I felt so uncomfortable, and belatedly realized I was still draped across his office couch like some provocative, decorative blanket. I tried to fix myself, to at least move into a sitting position, but my shoe's heel was stuck. I pushed my other foot against the couch, trying to free myself, but it didn't help.

Solomon sauntered over to me and assessed the situation. Without warning, he pried my foot loose and then picked me up as if I were some object to be rearranged. Flipping me over, he dropped me onto the couch. I landed on my back with a thud, head plopping against the couch's cushioned arm, feet kicking out towards the opposite couch arm.

"There," he said.

I tried to thank him, or at least I intended on thanking him. I did up until he placed his knee between my legs and lowered himself on top of me. Not entirely, but he had one leg between my thighs and a hand beside my arm, propping him up right above me. He stared at me, lascivious, a smirk on his face.

"Did Asher tell you that you were to do anything I required?" he asked. "Absolutely anything I found necessary?"

I gulped and nodded my head. "Yes, he did, but..."

Solomon's knee shifted and he pressed it up against me harshly. The top of his thigh smashed against the center of my body, pushing my skirt up and revealing my pantyhose covered thighs. He ground his knee against my crotch and I squirmed hard against him, completely caught off guard.

"Anything," he said. "And what I need right now is..."

"No," I whimpered.

"What did you say to me?" he asked. To reinforce the anger in his voice, he grabbed my face with his free hand. His fingers squeezed against my cheek and he forced me to look at him.

"I..." I tried to talk but it was difficult. I was scared and worried and this wasn't at all like any time with Asher. With Asher I felt-and I don't know why I felt this-safer. Asher looked angry sometimes, but he wasn't really angry. He wouldn't hurt me, and he wouldn't do anything to make me upset. On the contrary, Solomon looked full of rage.

He pressed his knee against me harder and moved a hand towards my br**sts. He squeezed them roughly above my dress and jacket and looked at me with a long, hard glare. When I didn't say anything(when I couldn't say anything, I was so scared), he released my cheeks and moved his hand lower. Past my chest, towards my stomach, to the hem of my dress. He grabbed at the skirt and wrenched it up, revealing my pantyhose covered crotch. His fingers looped into the waistband of my pantyhose, by the center of my stomach. Cold, rough fingers, reaching lower. Fingers that were going to touch my slit and...

I was wet. I was wet but I was not intentionally aroused. I did not want Solomon Royce to do anything to me. When Asher had looked at me with passion and anger after I'd destroyed his book, and then picked me up and tossed me onto the alder wood table in his private meeting room, I'd been shocked and somewhat scared, but not like this. I'd... I'd really wanted to know what Asher would do, and when he did it I felt ecstatic. Perhaps I shouldn't have, and perhaps I should have been more upset, but at the time I wasn't. And then, later, after getting to know him a little more, I was even less upset. I really liked Asher. I liked him a lot.

I didn't know Solomon Royce, but I didn't like him at all. If he felt I was aroused, out of terrified excitement and nothing more, I knew what would happen. If he felt that, realized it, he would take me right then and there. No matter what I said afterwards, whether I said no or not, he would do with me what he wished. He would deny my pleas and say that I wanted this, say that he could feel how aroused I was, my wet, sloppy cunt. I couldn't say how I knew it, but I was one-hundred percent certain of this fact.

And so, as my only line of defense, I whimpered, "No. Please, no. Stop."

His fingers had crept beneath my pantyhose and were a mere inch away from my clit. "What did you say?" he asked. "Speak up. I can't hear you."

"Stop this," I said, louder now, but feeling quieter and meeker than before. "I don't want this. No. I'm not supposed to do this."

He removed his hand from my crotch and pushed hard against my chest, lifting himself up and off of me. Then, as if he'd done nothing wrong, he stood up and walked away from the couch. Back turned to me, he went to his table with the stacks of books and began browsing through them.

"Jessika," he said without looking at me, eyes cast downwards at one of the books. He opened it and began reading to himself. "Go to office F-7 and tell Henry I need to meet with him in an hour. Then head to J-4 and pick up the Alfonse memorandum. Once you've brought those here, I want you to call Gelton's and get me a steak and cheese bomb with a large coffee. Two sugars, one cream, plus a side of sour cream for the sub. Make sure the mushrooms, peppers, and onions are completely cooked before returning."

I stumbled up and rolled off the couch, launching myself to my feet immediately. I fixed my dress and my jacket and ran out of the room as fast as I could. F-7, J-4, steak and cheese, coffee, I repeated in my head. When I left Solomon's office, I ran somewhere else so I could write everything down without forgetting it.

I didn't want to go back there. I didn't want to do anything for him, either. But the alternatives were worse, in my mind. I wanted to tell Asher, to rush to him and inform him of what his trusted director of public relations was really like, but I knew I couldn't. My problems, while important to me, were something that Asher couldn't deal with at the moment. He was busy dealing with issues that could potentially cost him millions of dollars. I felt so horrible, so sick, but I didn't think my issues were anything compared to possible financial ruin.

I needed to tell him sometime, though. Tonight. Later. After this, once I finished acting as Solomon's temporary assistant and Asher finished doing what he needed to do for the day. Once Jeremy arrived to drive us home...

No, I reminded myself, it wasn't my home. Asher's home. For dinner, with his wife. For...

I didn't fit in here. I didn't want to be here. I wanted to leave right now, to ask the head receptionist to call Jeremy and have him pick me up and bring me back to my quiet apartment where I could curl up on my couch and read a book and forget any of this had ever happened.

I wanted to do that, but was it fair to Asher? I had to tell him about Solomon, except would he believe me? I thought about it, tried to figure it out. My heels thudded against the carpeted hallway and I made my way towards the elevator that would bring me to the sixth floor and Henry at F-7.

...

At the end of the day, I found myself in Solomon Royce's office, alone. He hadn't tried anything further after his attempt at forced seduction on his couch, for which I was grateful. Though, to be fair, I hadn't spent more than a minute in his presence after that, either. Always busy, always moving. I did what he asked and hurried out of his office as fast as I could. Now, though, he'd left, and I was waiting for Asher.

Solomon hadn't said anything before he left, he just did it. I saw him leaving his office as I was walking down the hallway to get my next task from him. He saw me, gave me a curt nod, then walked away. I had stared after him for awhile, watching him enter the elevator, and when I was certain he'd left I went into his office to wait.

Not on the couch. I didn't want to go anywhere near his couch. Instead, I waited by his desk. I sat in the office chair facing the window. Not a great view, but the skyline looked nice from here. The setting sun lay somewhere off to the side, but the sky in front of me contained a myriad of oranges and yellows. I stared, thinking, wondering what I should do.

I decided I couldn't tell Asher about what happened. Maybe it was a fluke? Some office game? Did they hire strippers for newly returned executives sometimes? I doubted it, but perhaps. Probably not. But, either way, if I told Asher, it would cause issues. Asher needed and trusted Solomon to do good work, and from everything I knew the man had performed well over the years. Also, maybe Solomon had an arrangement with his regular assistant, Daphne? Some sexual agreement? How should I know? If he assumed Daphne primed me on that, and told me what to expect, then that was understandable.

Actually, none of it was understandable. No matter what, Solomon Royce shouldn't have done what he did. It wasn't excusable and I hated myself a little bit for trying to rationalize his behavior. The point stood, though, that if I told Asher he would probably do something about it. What that was, I had no idea. The obvious solution would be to remove me from the equation, since I was likely of little business use to someone like Asher Landseer.

I didn't like that idea. I wanted to be important, something more, but at the moment I couldn't. And yet, why would I want that? For who, too? It wasn't that I wanted it, per se, but more that I didn't want Asher to have a good reason to not want me around. I had very scant few reasons for him to take notice of me as it was, so giving him even less would ruin that.

Except, was that the kind of person Asher was? No, not really. Asher was a businessman, a billionaire, and the CEO of a company. He was a husband, and a reader, and a lover of silly old movies like The Goonies. He liked Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Dante's Inferno and The Time Traveler's Wife. He liked pizza with chicken and feta cheese and tomatoes and onions, and he was controlling sometimes, a bit demanding, but not without reason. Unknown reasons, hidden somewhere in the depths of his mind, but I never doubted that he had very specific and important reasons for every single thing he said or did.

Or, maybe not everything, but most things. Sometimes he talked regularly, as if he were an average person. Casual conversation. We'd stayed up late last night talking about nothing important, but it was fun and amazing. I knew his favorite color(blue) and that he didn't like raisins, especially in cookies. He knew that I liked to read and wanted to review books as a job, and that I realized I probably couldn't make a living off that but that I loved it anyways. I'd even shown him my small website with some of my book reviews, too. On his smart phone, he browsed through it, humming and hawing as he looked at what I'd done.

He never made fun of me for any of it, either. He didn't say it was dumb or useless and he seemed genuinely interested in what I did. Maybe it was dumb and useless(in fact, I was fairly certain of it), but it was my passion and so he accepted it. He accepted me in some ways that I'd never really felt accepted before. I felt like I could tell Asher stupid things that were important to me, and probably no one else. Things that sounded silly and trivial, except he wouldn't laugh or mock me. He would listen and nod and understand.

I stared out the window at the skyline, thinking these things. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed a bottle of perfume sitting on Solomon's desk. Tucked away in a corner, behind a short stack of books, looking quite out of place. I reached for it and picked it up and looked at the front.

Ambre et Vanille parfum, it read. Emblazoned on the front was a French woman's name, somewhat like my own but probably entirely different. I didn't know a lot of French and the flowery, calligraphic writing made it hard to read. Unstoppering the bottle, I sniffed at the perfume.

Interesting, I thought. Very feminine. Did Solomon have a lady friend he intended on giving it to? Or-and this was odd of me to think-had he intended on giving it to me? A way of apology? For some reason I couldn't even begin to imagine that; it didn't seem in his character, what little I knew of him. I stoppered the bottle and put it back where I'd found it.

The window, staring, thinking, and...

"Jessika?" Asher poked his head into Solomon's office, knocking lightly on the door as he did. "Are you finished?"

I stood up and faced him, smiling. "Yes, I'm all done. I was waiting for you."

Asher grinned and beckoned for me to come. I walked across Solomon's office and joined him in the doorway. He took my arm in his, very gentlemanly, and escorted me down the hallway and to the elevator.

"Was everything alright?" he asked. There were other people in the building still, but none leaving right now. When the elevator dinged, the doors opening, we had the entire six-by-five foot compartment to ourselves. "Solomon can be confusing at times," he added. "I hope he wasn't too difficult."

I gulped, briefly reconsidering what I'd decided. I should tell him; I wanted to tell him. And yet when it came to it, I said, "He was fine. I managed to do everything he asked."

Everything, I thought, except for the first thing. And I was very, very glad of that.

...

Jeremy drove us home and Asher brought me back to his guest home. Once inside, he said, "So, if Beatrice agrees, then I think it would be best if you stayed here during... everything. Would that be alright with you?"

I glanced around the guest house, pretending to think about it. Alright? It would be perfect! This place was wonderful, and then-as much as I tried not to think it-I'd be closer to Asher. If his wife left again, like he said she did often, he and I could spend more time together. Watch movies, order pizza, maybe even go to fancy Japanese restaurants. Not that I needed anything excessive, but I couldn't imagine Asher taking me to a hotdog stand and ordering a chili dog. I would absolutely love it if he did-I'd love going anywhere with him, really-but it didn't seem like the kind of thing a billionaire would do. I'd be perfectly happy staying in, both of us reading quietly next to each other. I could write up a book review and post it on my website and then show him after. And...

"Yes," I said, perhaps smiling too widely. "Of course that would be fine. I actually really like it here."

"I'd hope so," he said with a hint of a tease in his voice. "You did refuse to leave, so there must have been a reason."

Yes, I thought. You. But I couldn't say that. I couldn't tell him any of it. He must know by now, must have realized it, but because of his wife and his marriage we couldn't talk about it. No matter what I felt, those feelings couldn't exist.

"I've been thinking," he said. His voice trailed off.

I looked at him, head tilted slightly to the side. "Yes?"

"I don't think it's a good idea to tell Beatrice about what happened," he said.

"Oh."

"Not that I agree with what we did or accept it. It can't happen again, please understand that. But I think it would complicate matters. Needlessly. Do you understand? I don't... Jessika, I really don't want you to think that I'm trying to excuse what happened. I just think it would be best if we both understood what happened won't happen again, and press forward. Are you alright with that?"

"Well, I certainly don't want to tell her, so I'm fine with it!" I said, teasing. He looked so serious, and I understood why, but I thought adding a little lightheartedness to the conversation might help.

"Me either!" he said, grinning. He became solemn again and added, "But, I would. If I thought it would help, and if I absolutely needed to, then I would tell her without a moment's hesitation. I'm not trying to make excuses, but I really think it won't be necessary, though. We're both adults and we should be able to understand that and act responsibly."

"Yes." I nodded. "Of course."

Responsibly, I thought, which did not include secretly giving Asher a blowjob while he slept. Granted, he shouldn't have gotten me off on his meeting room table in his office, and I shouldn't have seduced him into hav**g s*x with me during our photography session and he shouldn't have...

We probably shouldn't have done a lot of things. We probably shouldn't even be in the same room together now, nor should we discuss not telling his wife about anything, but we were and it seemed like he had come to some internal decision about all of it, with personal and valid reasoning. I could go along with it.

I didn't really want to go along with it, but what could I do? I wasn't a home-wrecker and I refused to become one. I was, of course, rationalizing this right now, too. Asher didn't want to tell his wife about his infidelity and I didn't want to tell Asher that I wanted him to strip me down, drag me to the shower, and have slippery wet, soapy sex with me, so it seemed we were on even ground.

I was, perhaps, a horrible person, but I tried not to think about it.

He helped me do that with what he said next. "Dinner will be soon. Beatrice is freshening up. I asked Jeremy to find some clothes for you, so they should be in the closet in the master bedroom upstairs. I don't know what he bought, but I told him to find a good assortment so you'd have a few choices."

"Asher..." I started to say.

He stopped me by placing a finger on my lips. "Shh. I'm going to shower and change for dinner. Whatever you want to wear will be fine. Come to the front door of the main house once you're ready. I'll tell Jeremy to wait for you and he can show you to the dining room."

Asher lifted my hand up and before I knew it he kissed the back of it. His lips, soft and supple, pressed against my knuckles and I nearly melted. So small, nothing of any real meaning. His fingers holding mine, touching lightly against my palm. Slight moisture from his lips leaving an imprint on my skin. Then he hugged me tight and I hugged him back, squeezing. I didn't want to let go of him, but he managed to escape my embrace and walk away. To the door, opening it, outside, and...

"I'll see you soon," he said.

I said nothing as he left. I didn't know what to say, but I really didn't want him to leave. Even if nothing happened, I would have liked him to stay and wait and while I changed into new clothes he could sit on the bed, or the couch, or downstairs in the library and then we could go to dinner together.

It was silly, really. Reluctant to leave the kitchen, but knowing I had to, I went upstairs to the master bedroom. Heading to the closet to see what Jeremy had bought(and expecting a couple of outfits), I was overwhelmed. Completely empty before, save for a bunch of hangers, the closet was now utterly filled with clothes. Dresses, pants, blouses, pajamas, nightgowns, shoes lining the floor. Even a few fancy woman's peacoats tucked off to the side on sturdy wooden hangers.

This was just for dinner, so probably nothing fancy, right? I grabbed a pair of jeans and a nice looking t-shirt. Plus, my God, I belatedly noticed a note on the back of the walk-in closet door. "More in the dresser," it said. Going to the dresser I found pantyhose and socks and stockings and underwear, and...

I stared in one drawer, blinking. What. Jeremy left another note atop a pair of frilly, lacy red panties. Panties in as much as they would definitely cover me, except they were so lacy and small that they wouldn't actually hide anything. Though obviously I'd wear them with pants, and... they had a matching bra? Yes, I found out as I followed more of the note's directions. The bra hid a bit more, but barely, and it was one of those that would enhance my assets, as it were.

"Wear these," Jeremy had written on the note. "Asher loves red."

"You're a troublemaker," I said aloud, even though Jeremy obviously couldn't hear me. "I will wear them, but not because of that. I'll do it because I feel like it, and nothing more."

Nothing more? Yes. That's what I told myself.

I cleaned up and put on the lingerie, then the jeans, the shirt, and a pair of casual heels that matched the pants. There were regular shoes, but I liked the idea of having a little bit of style. The panties and bra were a part of that, yes, but no one could see those. And sitting at the table, no one would really see the heels, but they made me feel better. Sexier and more confident.

And then the time came. I went downstairs, to the guest house door, opened it, out, and started the short walk to the front door of the main house. Outside, Jeremy was leaning against the wall, toying with his phone.

He tapped some keys, gritted his teeth, tapped some more, then said, "Dammit!"

"What?" I asked, approaching him.

"Oh, nothing. Pacman. I lost. Not that I'm very good in the first place, but I was doing pretty good right there."

I rolled my eyes. "Aren't you supposed to be waiting for me? Was playing games a part of that?" I said, playful.

"Pft. You took so long that I needed to find something to do." He looked me over, spied the heels. "So... did you?"

"Did I what?" I asked. I knew what he meant(the underwear), but I wasn't about to dignify his absurd question with an answer.

"Come on," he said, nodding deliberately at my chest. "Did you?"

"Excuse me, but are you flirting with me?" I asked, feigning contempt.

He laughed. "Right. You did, then. Let's go."

He walked to the door and opened it for me, gesturing for me to go inside. I followed and went, but not quietly.

"I did not!" I said. "How would you know, anyways?"

"I can tell by the way you're acting. And walking around. I can just tell."

"No you can't," I said, turning my nose up at him. "You're just guessing and hoping that I'll tell you."

"If you say so."

"I do say so. Now stop harassing me."

"Ooohhhh." His eyes twinkled and he grinned. "Miss Bigshot now, eh? Nice clothes, lacy, see-thru panties, fancy high heels."

I pushed him lightly. "Shut up."

He laughed. "Anyways, it's this way. Come on."

He brought me to a room the size of a basketball court. Inside, taking up most of the space, was a huge dining hall table. It looked like something that belonged in a castle, preferably owned by royalty but a major duke and duchess would do, too. Dark mahogany legs peeked out from beneath a cream-colored, silken tablecloth. I gaped at it in awe.

I stopped moving. Jeremy poked me in the shoulder a few times to prod me on, but I was still somewhat in shock. Giving up on social etiquette, he grabbed my arm and pulled me onwards to my spot at the table. Despite it being so large and taking up most of the room, only a few places were set at the far end of the table. Jeremy pulled out my chair, dumped me in it, pushed it in, and then grumbled.

"You're a huge pain, you know that," he said.

"Shh," I said. "I'm admiring the table."

"Right. Well, I'm leaving."

I must have looked like an idiot, but I didn't care. I pulled at the table cloth, toying with it between my fingers. It felt so smooth and delicate, but strong, too. At my parent's house, whenever we had Thanksgiving, they put out a previously fancy tablecloth, but it was nothing like this. Tattered around the edges and with faded remnants of past spills soaked into it, it made the rickety table look nicer, but almost anything would. This table probably didn't need a tablecloth to look nice, but it looked extravagant and amazing with one.

A woman entered the dining hall from a door on the opposite wall from where Jeremy and I came in. She wore a velvety formal dress with a dark chiffon overlay and looked ready to attend a ball. Her high heels tapped a martial cadence across the buffed wood floor as she made her way towards the table and me. She stared at me for a moment before clearing her throat loudly.

I thought she meant to say something, perhaps introduce herself, but she didn't. A man came out of nowhere, rushed to the chair in front of her, and pulled it out. She flashed him a fake smile, lowered herself into the chair, and allowed him to push it in behind her.

"You," she said once seated, "are, I assume, Jessika. I have heard about you from Asher."

"Yes," I said. "Everything you heard was good, I hope."

I laughed. She didn't.

"I am Beatrice," she said, giving me a strange look, presumably for laughing. "Asher's wife. I've heard what I need to know about you, though I don't care much about hearing more. You understand our situation, and that is enough. Asher desires children, to which I can't begrudge him that. Unfortunately I can't provide him with any, as you should be well aware. I am reluctant to acquiesce to any formal agreement between you, him, and I without first discussing the matter in more detail, though."

As she sat there, talking, I noticed something odd. Nothing about her in particular, besides her favored formality for this particular situation, nor about her clothes, that seemed far more proper than necessary for a casual dinner, but there was a smell. Not a bad smell, not at all. Actually a very nice one. Feminine and sweet, thick like chilled caramel, with a faint hint of oranges and cinnamon, vanilla and... something else. I thought I recognized it, but I wasn't sure from where.

"You aren't dull, are you? I mean that in a nice way, so please don't take offense. You do have intelligence, correct?"

A perfume shop, I guessed. Or something like that. I must have smelled it when I walked through some store that was showing off a new type of perfume. Likely one that was too expensive for me, especially if Beatrice was the one wearing it, so I probably hadn't given it any further thought until just now. That made sense.

My thinking didn't help me to sway Beatrice against thinking I was an idiot.

"Well?" she asked.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I was distracted, I..."

"This isn't a point in your favor," she said. "Does ADD run in your family?"

"Um, no."

"Do you have a history of debilitating diseases?" she asked.

"I graduated with a BA in English Language and Literature," I said, trying to ignore her. "I received good grades."

"Not a very valuable degree," she said, speaking more to herself than me. "I'm not a fan of creative sorts. Asher loves novels, but I don't see the point. You don't gain much from them."

"I disagree," I said. "You can..."

"What?" she interrupted.

"I mean no offense, but I politely disagree that you don't gain much from them."

"It wasn't," she said, "a point of contention. There is no disagreement, but merely absolute facts. Fortunately Asher has good enough sense to manage his business life admirably, so he can afford to waste some time with frivolous entertainment like reading fiction, but..."

"Beatrice," Asher said from behind me. He walked into the dining hall wearing a pair of khaki slacks and a casual, button-down shirt. "Jessika is our guest. Let's try to at least give her a little time to get comfortable before bombarding her with questions."

"Asher!" Beatrice said. She lit up, smiling, except I felt like it wasn't real. Some ruse, a falsity, fake smile, fake happiness. "Come, give me a kiss. I've missed you."

He walked over to her side of the table, smiling. He didn't look happy, either, but not necessarily faking it. Just distracted? Confused? I wasn't sure.

He kissed her on the cheek and she pulled him in closer. Their lips touched and I watched it. Nothing more, no passion, but lingering, still kissing, right in front of me. I realized I was grinding my teeth and furrowing my brow. Before they stopped, before they could see me, I forced myself to loosen my jaw and relax my eyebrows.

"I'm glad you could come, Jessika," Asher said after he stepped away from Beatrice. He sat at the head of the table, between me and her and to my right. "I'm sure Beatrice and I both have a lot of questions for you, but let's enjoy ourselves first. I think that's best." To Beatrice, he added, "I've been getting to know Jessika over the past few days, and I really think you'll like her."

"Is she another of your pet projects?" Beatrice asked, acting like I wasn't even in the room. "I understand you want to help people, Asher. I really do. But you aren't actually helping them. By doing this and giving them things, you're making them reliant on you. If you give a man a fish, he eats for a day, and if you..."

He interrupted her rather firmly. "Thankfully we're not having fish for dinner."

"Asher," Beatrice said, frowning at him.

"We can talk about this later," he said.

I sat there, feeling more awkward and uncomfortable than I could remember ever feeling while waiting for dinner to be served. I'd accompanied a friend to her weird uncle's birthday party once and sat at the table while listening to a horrible retelling of the time he'd taken Viagra and hadn't been able to orgasm. Even with p*rn and baby oil, he'd said, and lots of masturb**ion after a couple hours of hav**g s*x with my friend's aunt. And then, subsequently, he needed to go to the hospital, where he'd embarrassed multiple nurses and baffled the doctors. He sounded so proud of this story, but for me it was one of the most awkward moments of my life.

Or it was, until now, with Asher's wife in their home. Not the same kind of awkwardness, but I really didn't enjoy her formal, cold, and callous way of treating me like a peasant.

"So," Asher said. "How was everyone's day?"

"Exhausting," Beatrice said immediately. "The flight was horrendous. They ran out of hot towels in first class and I had a headache the entire way."

"Mine was alright," I added quietly.

This wasn't going well. Why was I here? I should leave, I thought. What could anyone do if I did? Yes, I would say, I need to go. I apologize, but I don't think I can do this. I would say that, stand up, excuse myself, and then leave.

Except, just as soon as I'd almost convinced myself of actually doing it, Asher looked at me. He smiled, genuine. No unhappiness, no distraction. Not confused in the least. He looked at me while Beatrice talked about her trip and the sights she'd seen and what her friends thought of this and that. He smiled at me with what seemed like unadulterated interest and excitement. With his eyes twinkling at me, I couldn't help but smile back at him.

From beneath the table, his foot tapped at mine. I tapped him back, grinning, and then I lifted my heels off the ground and touched the toe of my shoes against his pants. I lifted, slightly, just a playful nudge. The front of my heels pressed against his sock, then his bare skin, up along his shin.

He grinned at me and shook his head slightly, almost imperceptibly. I grinned back. Beatrice continued talking.

I had wanted to leave, but now I didn't. I would stay and listen and do this. I would answer Beatrice's prying questions and try my best to make her happy. Not because I liked her, because I was fairly sure I didn't, but because it was what I felt like I should do.

I wanted so desperately to make Asher happy and to see him smile.

His Absolute Indulgence

Once dinner ended, the torture began.

Dinner was delicious, I reminded myself. I tried to think of the chicken cordon bleu, with butter braised asparagus and fresh made biscuits. Dessert consisted of homemade vanilla bean ice cream topped with cherries jubilee, which was also wonderful. Asher, his wife, and I drank water and a wildberry melomel. I'd never tried melomel before, but I absolutely adored it. Overall, dinner was exceptional.

After dinner, though, Asher's wife, Beatrice, suggested we retire to the smoking room.

"We don't smoke there, though," she said, as if I'd already lit up a cigarette. "The smell of smoke in a house is nauseating. You'll have to quit if we accept you for this position."

The position, she said, as if they were interviewing me for a job as a maid or a chef or some other servant. She seemed to like to completely disregard the fact that Asher had asked me to become an egg donor and act as her surrogate. This, apparently, had nothing to do with her, but was more par for the course as a person of importance. Hire cleanstaff, find a cook, and then put an ad in the paper for a woman willing to bare your children; this was how Beatrice acted.

"I don't smoke," I said. "I agree, it is nauseating."

Beatrice looked at me funny, a quick glance over her shoulder, and then she walked away. Asher shrugged at me and followed after her.

Maybe I should leave now, I thought. They wouldn't notice me missing for a few seconds yet. If I slipped away, dashed down a hallway, went somewhere else, what would they do? Nothing, most likely. Or, Beatrice wouldn't, anyways. Asher might come after me, find me, ask me why? Why did I leave? Where was I going?

I almost wanted to do it just to hear him say those things, but I didn't. I followed them to the smoking room.

The smoking room looked like something directly transported from an old-fashioned English house. Granted, I'd never been in an old-fashioned English house, let alone another smoking room, but I imagined they looked like this. Cushioned benches like exceptionally long couches lined most of the walls save for an empty nook by a bay window overlooking the gardens and the short wall with its blazing hearth. A fire crackled lightly in the fireplace, shining shimmery light throughout the room. One lamp on a side table provided the remainder of the light and a few rolling tables lay in the middle of the room, currently unused and alone.

Asher slid one of the tables towards a corner spot and sat on the wall bench. Beatrice sat far away from him on another bench entirely. I looked between them at the corner spot, but I didn't want to sit there. I definitely didn't want to sit next to Beatrice, but was it presumptuous to sit next to Asher? Would it bother his wife, too? I really didn't know.

Asher patted the seat beside him. "Come now, it's just a bench."

To him, yes. And to me... somewhat yes. But sometimes a bench wasn't just a bench. Situations and people and the atmosphere, one small thing could transform the innocuous into so much more. I sat next to Asher-not too close-and smiled.

"Well," Beatrice said. "Now that the formality of meeting is over, and we've traded idle chit chat, I feel like it is in all of our best interests to get down to the matter at hand."

Asher sighed. "Yes, of course."

I folded my hands in my lap and nodded. "I hope I can provide answers to your questions."

"You hope?" she asked, staring down her nose at me. "Hope is the bastion of the weak, Jessika. We must never hope for anything. We must do and be. We must know."

What a fun time this was already, I thought. "I am positive I can provide answers to all your questions," I said.

"Good. Better, at least. Now, I want to know about your family history, going back at least three generations. That's your great grandfather and great grandmother, if you need help figuring that out. What were they like? I don't need touching tales or fabricated stories, please. Did they have any major illnesses? Were they immigrants? Military service? Number of siblings and children on either side? Successful marriages or did they end in divorce?"

I answered everything she asked me as best I could, but I didn't know why she asked half of what she did. I could understand her apprehension towards illness and disease, since something like that was often hereditary, but what did military service matter? And the number of siblings my great grandfather had?

When it came to discussing marriage, I wanted to add in a snarky line. I so desperately wanted to say something, to make her see that her marriage wasn't the happiest. Except, no, I couldn't. Who was I to judge her? I was biased, I knew it, and I needed to stop. My infatuation with Asher was simply that, a silly bout of interest that would pass. I told myself this, but I didn't really believe it.

Also, I was scared that if I mentioned anything to her, said something about her and Asher not being the closest couple, even insinuated it, I'd start a chain reaction. Like Scrooge in A Christmas Carol, if Beatrice fully realized how she acted and what her marriage was like to an outsider, she might completely change. She'd become the perfect wife, transform into a loving spouse and darling woman.

Probably not, but I decided not to risk it. Some selfish part of me wondered about it, theorized what might happen if Asher and Beatrice separated. Could I console him? Would he need someone? The whole idea was silly and absurd and I felt idiotic for wishing for their divorce, but I couldn't help it.

And, anyways, that's how people are, right? We all think of things that we never actually want to happen. Thoughts are fine when kept hidden and locked away, never shared with anyone. Right? Maybe, but maybe not.

The night droned on and Beatrice asked question after question. She started to delve deeper, seeking answers to the most obscure questions I'd ever heard. Did my grandparents graduate college, and if so what were their exact grade point averages? I reluctantly admitted that I didn't know.

"Ah ha!" Beatrice said, as if she'd caught me in a lie. "That's very unfortunate."

"Beatrice," Asher said. "Really? I understand you want to be thorough, but I think this is going a bit far."

"It's not, really, Asher. You need to understand where I'm coming from. Do you want a high school drop out for a child? Do you want a son or daughter who will only ever strive for mediocrity? A liberal arts major? Someone with their head in the clouds, never willing to put forth the effort to succeed?"

I interrupted, I had to. "There are plenty of people who had their head in the clouds and succeeded," I said. "If you look at best selling novelists, you'll see a trend towards great dreams. Also, technology as a whole wouldn't be anything without dreams and aspirations. Scientists, engineers, architects..."

Beatrice scoffed. "Writers prey on people like you, Jessika. They write their silly dreams on paper and make you think you can change the world. The entire entertainment industry is like that, actually. And along with that comes technology, and those scientists and engineers and architects you're so fond of."

Asher frowned. "We make our money from the entertainment industry, Beatrice, or have you forgotten? Vacation resorts, high class hotels, and Landseer Enterprises other projects?"

"Of course, Asher." Beatrice rolled her eyes, treating this like a trifling matter. "There is a large difference, though. Most people have dreams, but they fail to follow through with them. You and I are the lions who prey on those people's dreams. We give them hope, an inkling of it, and feed off of their laziness. They pay for luxury when most of them can't afford it, and in turn we give them more and more. We..."

"I think that's enough for the night. Thank you for this, Jessika. Beatrice and I really appreciate it."

"Dinner was wonderful," I said, feeling awkward. "I hope I responded to your questions alright..."

"Yes," Asher said. He smiled at me even while Beatrice looked as if she couldn't wait for me to leave. "It's late and you've been drinking. Do you want to stay in the guest house for tonight?"

"Asher!" Beatrice said, suddenly alert. "Do you think that's..."

"It's no problem," he said, interrupting her. "There should be everything you need there, but if you want I can have Jeremy drive you home."

I nodded. "I am getting tired, so if you don't mind, I'll stay. Thank you very much."

Beatrice glowered at me as I left. Asher said nothing except to bid me goodnight, but once I walked through the door I heard them arguing in the smoking room. Jeremy was waiting for me in the hallway, looking hopeful.

"How'd it go?" he asked. "Anything exciting?"

We walked down the hallway towards the dining room and the front door. "Is she always like that? I don't think I could stand it," I said.

Jeremy laughed. "Yes, mostly. Beatrice is... Beatrice. I don't think she's a bad person so much as she's different. She doesn't like me, either, but her and Asher seem to get along."

I paused mid step. They... yes, they must get along. They were married, afterall. And even if they didn't see each other often, they talked. He called her, I knew. They'd talked on the phone soon after I first met Asher, and they must have called each other between then and now, too. He'd mentioned multiple times how he'd talked to Beatrice about this or that, and it just struck me as a typical thing. They'd talked, yes, but I never really imagined they enjoyed it.

I don't know why I never thought about that, but I didn't. Now, though, I realized maybe I was wrong about everything. Maybe they did like each other? Maybe, while their marriage wasn't one that I would enjoy, they enjoyed it? Maybe...

"Hey there, lady?" Jeremy said, snickering. He tugged on my arm, urging me onwards.

"Sorry," I said. I went along with him, through the dining room now. "I just... I can't imagine what it's like for them. I don't know if I'd want to do it."

"Sometimes you don't have a choice, you know?" Jeremy said. "It's not so easy to stop when you've started, especially for people like Asher and Beatrice. You and me, if we were married, it'd be different. No one cares, there's no problems. I mean, there's problems, but they aren't as big. With Asher and Beatrice, everything is a hundred times bigger. There's more reason to stay together and less reason to leave, you know?"

"But do they want to stay together?" I asked.

Jeremy sighed, then smiled at me. "I'm not Asher or Beatrice, so I couldn't say. But, honestly? It's probably better not to even think about it. I don't know exactly what's going on with you or them or anything, but more than one person's been hurt when their expectations don't match reality. You seem like a nice woman and I don't want to see that happen to you."

"I know," I said. "It was just a question. I was curious."

It wasn't entirely just a question, but I knew that it couldn't be anything more, either.

...

Jeremy left me at the guest house. It was still early, somewhat. Not entirely as late as Asher had made it out to be, and I actually wasn't tired in the least. In a few more hours, maybe, but not yet.

I plopped onto the couch, contemplating watching something on the projector and movie screen. Unfortunately, though, I realized I had no idea how to use the remote. I picked it up off the coffee table, staring at it. The buttons all looked the same, though some said one thing or another. My TV at home had a generic cable company remote with a standard cable box, but this was nothing like that. I frowned and tossed it back onto the table, defeated. I didn't want to mess around with it and potentially screw something up. I felt like I was always screwing something up these days.

What to do, what to do? I could take a bath? My thoughts drifted to yesterday, when I'd refused to leave Asher's guest home. He came home, angry and upset, wondering why. He'd asked me what I was doing, why had I done this? I didn't really know how to answer him then, and I didn't know now, but I remembered one of the things I'd said later. In his basement library, stripped of my clothes, tossed onto one of his couches, I'd admitted to masturbating in his bathtub.

Maybe I shouldn't take a bath.

I could make myself a snack? Sit here and do nothing? Go lay on the bed upstairs and...?

Then it hit me. The library! The library had similar memories as the bathtub, but mostly only with Asher. If I went there alone, I thought I'd be alright. No drudged up thoughts that I shouldn't think about, nothing too awful or bad. I would find a book, sit on the couch, maybe cover myself with blankets, and read.

Except, of course, I needed pajamas first. Nightclothes. Something. I bounced up the stairs, excited, and ran to the master bedroom.

I still couldn't believe the closet. Empty when I first arrived, when I'd come as part of some deal with Asher, he'd since asked Jeremy to fill it with clothes for me. I don't really know why, unless this was part of his plan. I assumed Asher Landseer was the kind of person who got what he wanted most times, so probably that was it. He did need to discuss the situation with Beatrice, but he'd do it and she'd side in his favor. Not with me, but for him, and so in advance of that he'd bought me clothes.

I searched through the clothes, shifting aside hangers. I knew some of what was here, since I'd grabbed a pair of jeans and a t-shirt to change into before heading to dinner, but most of it was a mystery. More jeans, dresses, cute skirts and blouses, t-shirts and tanktops and...

Nightgowns. Not many pajamas from what I saw, but maybe Jeremy put those in the dresser? I should check, except, no, what did it matter? I was here, alone, and really, I could wear what I wanted. The nightgowns looked lovely, too. I immediately stared at a red one and decided I needed to wear it. Nothing else would do.

I plucked the hanger from the closet and set the nightgown on the bed. Not really a nightgown so much as a babydoll, much shorter at the bottom and with a pair of thong panties hanging hidden on the hanger. Somewhat scandalous, really, the kind of thing a woman wore to bed when she didn't actually want to go to sleep. Or, the kind of nightclothes a single woman wore in hopes of not wearing them to bed alone for much longer.

I pulled the babydoll and panties off the hanger. The panties were light and stringy and nearly non-existent. What the heck was Jeremy doing to me here? He'd bought these without my knowledge and had taken quite a few liberties. Maybe he was some kind of pervert? He seemed nice enough, though, so I doubted it.

I stepped out of my casual heels and stripped off my jeans and t-shirt, socks, underwear, and bra. The lacy lingerie, near see-thru in some parts, looked especially naughty laying on the floor by my feet. I had ideas, thoughts, but I pushed them away for now. Maybe later? Like a nightcap, before I went to bed, I'd touch...

Jessika! I yelled at myself and stared at the babydoll again. Well, panties first, I decided. I stepped into the g-string undergarment and lifted it up my legs, fitting it into place. It felt nice and soft, what little of it there was. I pulled on the waistband a little, feeling the fabric nestle between my lower lips, an intimate secret soon to be hidden by the babydoll.

Then I slipped the thin nightgown on, pulling it down my frame until the spaghetti straps settled on my shoulders. I shifted around, setting my br**sts into place in the slightly cupped front. The skirt stopped barely below my crotch, offering a tantalizing peek at the lower curves of my butt in the back. I desperately needed to look in a mirror, so I ran to the bathroom to check myself out.

My God! I looked so cute and sexy. The chest part of the babydoll was black and shear, practically translucent, and I could see my n**ples through the fabric, firm and pronounced. The rest was solid, red with tiny black dots, and a bit of frill at the bottom of the skirt. The skirt barely covered anything and when I twirled around in front of the mirror, admiring myself, it fluttered up and revealed my butt and the split lips of my p**sy with a faint bit of fabric between them.

I was ravishing! Or, I liked to think I was. I wasn't particularly ravishing for any one person, but if someone walked into the house right now with absolutely no intent on hav**g s*x with me, I thought I could change their mind rather easily. Not that I'd do that, but the idea that I could had appeal. Some sex kitten, a sensual woman of lust and beauty, inciting roaring fires of passion inside anyone who looked at me.

I laughed to myself and thought about my recent photography session with Asher. I hadn't worn anything special for that, nothing too out of the ordinary anyways, but I'd managed to accidentally seduce him then. I felt somewhat badly about it, and he did, too, but at the time I'd needed it. Wanted him, desired him, and he must have felt the same. Now, if he saw me, what would he do? His photography hobby was a real thing, not a ploy to get women into bed, but disregarding that I was pretty sure I could convince him to skip the pictures altogether in this outfit.

Unfortunately there was no Asher, nor any pictures or a camera, but only books. I hurried downstairs and then down again, into the quiet basement library. My babydoll skirt flipped up as I rushed into the library, but I didn't care.

Now, what book to read? I didn't even know what books he owned. Too many, by far. I wanted something steamy and sexy, though, to fit my nightclothes. Something sensual and passionate and...

I saw the spine of a book with a picture of a woman facing away on it. She wore a backless red dress and had a rose tattooed from between her shoulder blades all the way down to the small of her back. Black hair, mysterious. Kushiel's Chosen, by Jacqueline Carey. I pulled it out of the bookcase and read the back cover.

Some kind of fantasy, epic by the look of it, with a bit of mystery and intrigue. Vague insinuations of saucy seduction, too. Unfortunately this was the second book in this series, so said the inside cover, but I didn't have time for the first. I didn't even know if I'd like this one, but I figured I'd read for a few hours, test it out, and then make my choice. If I liked it, I'd find the first book in the series and read that tomorrow.

The book devoured me. A historical romance of sorts, with some godly twists. I sat on the couch, covered in blankets, entranced by the words. I didn't know much about Jacqueline Carey, but I liked how she wrote. Very poetic and pleasant sounding sentences, but not too far and over the top. Just enough, just right.

Absorbed in the book, I barely realized something in the library was wrong. Something off, a bit of a change, obvious if I cared to notice but imperceptible in my current, rapt state.

That all changed when one of the bookcases by the center of the room swung away from the wall and someone stepped out through a hidden doorway. I looked up, saw the man, dropped the book, and screamed.

Asher laughed. "What are you screaming at?" he asked.

My scream tapered off but my eyes remained wide. I stared at him standing in the middle of his library. He pulled on the edge of the swung open bookcase and pushed it back against the wall. It clicked into a secret casing on the floor, looking as if it had never opened to begin with.

I stared at him, never blinking.

"What?" he asked.

"What are you doing what was that why do you have a secret passageway in your guest home what the heck?" No time for coherent thought, I rambled all my questions out at once.

"You remember The Goonies, right? I told you I always wanted to be like that boy with the gadgets when I was younger? I don't think I ever really grew out of that."

"Are you serious?" I asked. "That's your answer?"

"Well, I didn't expect you to be in the library, either."

"You told me I could stay in your guest house for the night, and this library is in the guest house..."

"I suppose so. What are you reading?"

He walked towards me. Unlike me, Asher still wore his regular clothes: khakis and a casual, button-down shirt. Kneeling to pick up the book, he inspected it, then smiled.

I stared at him, confused, and pulled the blankets up higher, covering myself completely. I wanted to look sexy, but that was when I thought I was alone, and now... I didn't really know what I wanted to do.

"This is a good one," he said. "Have you read the first? I like the second part of the series more, the three books after the first three, but the first three are great, too."

"I haven't," I said. "It looked interesting, though. I like her dress."

"Ah, Phedre, yes," he said. "She's an interesting character."

"She seems kind of slutty," I said without thinking. "I haven't gotten very far, but..." My words trailed off.

"Maybe she is in some ways." Asher shrugged, grinning. "I think she's very open with herself, too. Also, there's religious reasons, somewhat. It's a strange book, but interesting."

"Religious reason to be a slut?" I asked, laughing.

"Yes, of course. Shall I go into a long rant about-" While he spoke, he sat on the couch next to me. Kicking off his shoes, he lifted up the blanket and settled in beside me.

My God. I stared at him, frozen. He looked at me, nonchalant, completely confused at my sudden hesitation. As I backed away from him slightly, inching towards the arm of the couch until my back pressed against it, Asher reached beneath the blanket to put his hand on my thigh.

Some calming gesture, no doubt. I needn't be afraid, this was some conversation between two friends. Little did he know, I had nothing covering my thigh. Also, he misjudged and reached quite a bit farther up. His hand touched down against the very top of my thigh, his pinky finger brushing against the cloth of my babydoll's g-string and settling in right next to my lower lips. I think it dawned on him that something was off right about the time my face burned bright red, but his hand never moved.

Asher froze. "You're not wearing pants," he said.

"I changed into pajamas."

He furrowed his brow. "This doesn't feel like pajamas."

His fingers wiggled slightly, his pinky finger tweaking my intimate lips back and forth, faintly touching my cl*t and sending a shiver through my body.

Shocked, surprised, Asher tossed off the blankets and looked at his hand. I bit my lower lip, embarrassed at the pleasure he gave me, never wanting or expecting this to happen. Or, at least I never expected it, and I pretended not to want it.

"That's... a nice outfit..." he said slowly.

"Um, Asher?" I said. His hand, still not moving away. I glanced down at it, then back to him.

"Yes? Oh, uh... uh..." He pulled his hand away, thrust it into his lap. "I'm so sorry. I didn't realize. Where did you get that? What the hell did Jeremy buy you? I'm so sorry."

"It's alright. It wasn't your fault." I lay there, lewd and on display, not sure what to do.

Asher pulled the tossed blanket off the floor and placed it on me, covering my legs and lower body. "Well," he said.

"Well," I agreed.

We made out. Asher dove on top of me, throwing the blankets aside once more. Surprised at first, I shook out of it fast. He practically smothered me, pressed his body against me, his lips seeking mine. His hand grabbed my breast and he groped and squeezed it and his knee settled between my spread legs. He kissed me hard and I reveled in it, kissing him back. His soft, sensuous lips, so smooth and light yet hard and yearning. I didn't know what came over him, but it was so obvious that right now he wanted me.

I desperately wanted him, too. I pulled him closer, tugged at his shirt. I undid some of the top buttons, wanting to strip him of his clothing, but he pulled my hands away.

"No," he said. "No, let's..."

He never finished his words, but his lips spoke volumes. He pressed into me, onto me, his whole body covering me like his mouth covered mine. Desperate, gasping, as if there was only a limited amount of me and he wanted to take it before I vanished. His hand squeezed my breast harder while his other hand swept lower. Down my side, to my stomach, lifting up the skirt of my babydoll to the thin fabric barely concealing my crotch. He pulled at the strings and my thong dug into my sensitive skin.

I squirmed, caught up in the pleasure of it. Of him, his kiss, his touch. All my feelings manifested into one ecstatic lump that settled into the center of my being and radiated warmth. I wanted him to take me like he'd taken me before, with reckless abandon and unadulterated passion. I wanted him to forget Beatrice and remember me, and...

Asher stopped. He got off of me, rose to his feet, and paced on the carpet around the couch, fretting. I lay there, legs splayed wide and on perverse display, my babydoll bunched up with one of my br**sts slipping out of the top. My visible nipple was hard as a rock and poking straight up and at Asher.

"Get off the couch," he said, as quick as that. "On your knees."

"What?" I asked.

He repeated himself. "Off the couch. On your knees. Put your hands behind your head."

Odd, that, but I scrambled to do it. I lunged off the couch and landed by his feet. Kneeling, sitting on my heels, I put my hands behind my head and looked up at him.

He grabbed my chin between his fingers and inspected me, turning my head side to side, this way and that.

"How do you feel right now?" he asked me.

I scrunched up my brow. "What do you want me to say?" I asked.

"Tell me the truth. Tell me how you feel."

"Asher, I'm really horny," I said. Shy, confused, I added, "I don't mean to be and I'm sorry if..."

He smiled. "Shh. No, that's good."

I wanted to say more, was just about to, but his hand reached down and grabbed my breast. He squeezed it in his hand and I moaned aloud, excited. His fingers grabbed the curves of my breast, then inwards to my nipple. Pressing my nipple between his index finger and thumb, he tweaked it lightly, then twisted it around. Not hard at first, just a little, then harder, harder, until I rocked forward, almost rose from my knees, and...

"Stay on your knees," he said, his tone calm.

"I..." I gasped.

"Shh," he said. "Jessika, stay on your knees. Don't get up."

I buckled down and remained kneeling. He twisted my nipple harder now, but slowly, gently. So sensitive and soft, just a little nub of flesh. Pleasant at first touch, but ever-so-slowly becoming streaked with pain. I couldn't think, had no idea what he was doing, but I stayed kneeling because I didn't want him to stop.

Or, it wasn't that I didn't want him to stop, per se, but I didn't want him to feel guilty. I didn't want him to regret this, to regret kissing me, touching me. I saw him before, saw the look in his eyes, heard the disappointment in his voice. When we slept together, somewhat on accident after he took pictures of me, he seemed distraught. Unsure what to do, not sure why he'd done it, and I didn't want him to feel that way again.

So, if this was what I needed to do, if this was how I could keep Asher from feeling guilty, I would do it. His fingers squeezed slightly, twisting my nipple further, but I remained steadfast on the floor. My knees quivered and I imagined something else entirely. Asher's mouth around my breast, tongue caressing my nipple, soft, luxurious.

Everything stopped and I realized his hand wasn't on my breast anymore. I looked up at him, smiling. He smiled back.

"Very good," he said.

"Thanks, but..." A thought came to me. "Is this some kind of bondage thing, Asher? I really don't understand that stuff, to be honest."

"I don't think it is," he said. "I don't know. Do you want me to tie you up?"

"I don't know. Do you want to tie me up?" I asked, coy.

We had no rope. He used his belt. "Put your hands behind your back," he said. "Tight together."

I did as he asked.

"Stand."

I stood.

He circled his belt around my body, trapping my arms behind my back. Tightening the belt until I couldn't move my arms, he twisted it around so that the buckle was behind me, then he latched the belt buckle and admired his work.

"Can you move your arms?" he asked.

I tried to move them, to wriggle them free. I thought I could if I had enough time, but as it was I was rather firmly stuck. "Not really. Not much," I said. "Now what?"

"I don't know," he said.

I paused, regretting what I needed to say. "Asher... we probably shouldn't do this. Beatrice, and..."

"We had an argument," he said. "I... I know that's not a good reason for anything, but she's so difficult. You were there tonight. She listens to me, but... she doesn't. There is never a compromise with Beatrice. It's always a battle and she never gives in. I... I just want..."

"What do you want?" I asked. "What do you feel?"

He grinned. "A turnabout, hm? I don't think I can say. You won't like it."

"Try me," I said, defiant. I lifted my chin and stared at him.

...

Asher knew Jessika would regret this. He thought he might regret it, too. Try me, she'd said, and, oh, he couldn't resist.

It wasn't that he was controlling, or dominant. Or, he was, he supposed. People said he had a certain air about him, a kind of possessive, obsessive quality. He owned himself and knew how to put that forward to others, but sometimes he felt helpless, too. Sometimes he felt like he couldn't do anything and it was all a farce. Silly, really, since he was rich and powerful, except that wasn't everything. In fact, if he had to meter it out, he'd say power and riches were only a small part of who he was as a person; the smallest part.

Asher was a dreamer. He was a thinker and a doer and a wanter. Not needlessly, though. He wanted to share with others, and in turn share in their feelings. He liked when people were happy. Beatrice called those people his pet projects, but he didn't think that was it. Jeremy was one such "pet project," but Jeremy was eternally grateful, too. He liked Jeremy and he never thought lesser of him, even if he'd first met the man working in a dead end job as a busboy.

He never wanted to control Jeremy. In fact, if Jeremy wanted, he could leave at any moment and Asher would never begrudge him that. He'd give his friend enough money to settle into a nice life of his own, and ask him over for dinner every so often.

Jeremy never left, though. He appreciated everything Asher did for him, and in turn Asher understood and appreciated him, too. Even though Asher asked him, sometimes ordered him, to drive him somewhere or pick something up, Jeremy did it willingly. It was Asher's request, but also Jeremy's offer.

Jessika was much the same, except so very different, too. He wanted to explore her, discover her, control her. But, then, not control her, too. He wanted her to be willing. She could leave at any moment.

Except, right now, she wasn't leaving. Sitting on the couch, with Jessika draped over his lap, stomach pressed against his thigh, Jessika wasn't going anywhere. Not because he wanted her to stay, even though he did, but because she wanted to.

...

I wasn't quite sure what I'd agreed to, or why I was doing this, but a part of it excited me. Asher picked me up like a ragdoll and draped me over his lap as easy as that. Arms still strapped tight behind my back, his belt keeping them stuck in place, he leaned back and admired my ass.

"Are you sure?" he asked.

"I don't know," I said. "I'm not sure if I'm sure, but I'm willing to try."

He laughed. "Alright."

"I... I trust you," I said.

Asher remained quiet. Contemplative. He rubbed his hand across my ass, caressing my bare flesh. The g-string that came along with the babydoll didn't do much to hide my rear assets. It did even less when he plucked at the strings and pulled them down to my knees.

"Tell me if you want to stop," he said. "Like... like a safe word. Alright?"

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Pick a word. Any word at all. If you say that word, I'll stop, but if you don't, then I won't. So you can flail and scream and say no, no, no all you want, but if you don't say the word then I won't stop."

"Isn't that a bit extreme?" I asked.

"Maybe," he agreed. "But, just in case."

I didn't know what I'd gotten myself into. I had no idea what we were doing. It turned me on so much, though.

"Leather," I said, saying the first word that came to mind. His leather belt wrapped tight around my body and my arms.

"Alright. Ready?" he asked.

Before I answered, he slapped my ass with the palm of his hand. I squeaked, silenced, and my body jolted beneath his rough handling.

It didn't hurt, but that didn't stop the surprising abruptness. He lifted his hand and spanked me again, harder this time, louder. I wriggled, squirming in his lap as he spanked me harder and harder.

He stopped for a moment and rubbed my ass, squeezing my butt in his palm. "You have a nice butt," he said. "I just want to..."

He slapped it hard. A resounding smack echoed through the air. I bucked my h*ps up high, relishing in his touch.

"Does it hurt?" he asked, sounding concerned.

I grinned to myself and refused to answer him.

He spanked me. "Does it hurt, Jessika?"

I whimpered, but said nothing.

He slapped my ass again and asked me the same question, but didn't even wait for an answer before he spanked me once more. It didn't hurt so much as it tingled, pleasant and rough. I could tell he was being careful, unsure, but trying to be dominant. Controlling me, dominating me, so close and intimate and...

"You're red," he said. "I'm stopping."

I panicked, yelped. "No, it's alright. You can keep going."

"Shh," he said. "I can, but I don't want to."

Unable to move much, still draped across his lap, I decided to try something else. I wiggled my h*ps up and down. Trying to look tempting, yes, but not just that. My crotch ground against Asher's thigh, my cl*t a fiery beacon of pleasure. I used him to get myself off, to bring myself up.

He watched me writhing in his lap. I looked over my shoulder at him, grinning. "Asher, can you... please?"

In one smooth motion he lifted me up and off of him, then deposited me on my stomach on the floor. He unbuckled the belt around my upper body and arms and let me free. I flopped on the floor, unsure what exactly to do, but not liking it at all.

"What?" I asked. "I just, I..."

"Go to the guest bedroom upstairs," he said. "On the side table you'll see a screen. It's a bedside TV. Turn it on and switch to channel nine. Then wait."

"What?"

He left without saying a word. He walked up the stairs to the first floor, leaving me half nak*d in a disheveled babydoll on his guest home's library floor. I stared after him, completely and utterly shocked.

"I guess I'm not sexy enough," I said. "Good enough to spank and make out with, but not to finger or fuck. Got it."

Pissed off and annoyed, I trounced up the stairs after him. He wasn't there when I reached the top, so I stomped up the stairs to the second floor. The master bedroom door was closed, so I slammed my fist on it.

No reply.

I tried to turn the knob and open the door, but Asher must have locked it. I slammed on the door again, but nothing.

What a jerk. What an a**hole. I'd indulged him, let him spank me. It certainly hadn't felt amazing when he twisted my nipple, either. Actually, thinking back to it, I could still feel the dull ache of his fingers digging into my sensitive flesh. And... I kind of wanted him to do it again. I wanted to feel it, streaks of pain bound with mounds of pleasure, coursing through my body.

If he wasn't going to get me off, I'd do it myself. I ran to the guest room and pounced on the bed. Lifting my babydoll up and revealing my stomach, I shoved my hand between my legs and teased at my slick folds. Belated, and not even really knowing why, I noticed the small LCD TV screen on the bedside table and switched it on. While I masturbated, I flipped past the nightly news and turned to channel nine.

What I saw on the screen shocked me. My hand paused and I stared, open-mouthed, at the small TV. On the screen, laying on the bed in the master bedroom with his pants around his ankles and the bottom of his shirt gripped hard in his right hand, was Asher. He held his throbbing c*ck in his other hand, jerking it up and down slowly.

I could hear something coming from the speakers on the TV, but the volume was too low. Frantic, enthralled, I mashed the volume button until Asher's words became clear.

"Jessika," he said, more of a grunt than regular speech. "I want to throw you on the bed and spread your legs. I want to squeeze your thighs in my hands and slam my c*ck into you. I want to..."

I lost it. What was a tease before became a full on frontal assault to my femininity. I rubbed my cl*t hard between two fingers while I watched Asher stroking himself. Head turned to the side, I imagined myself there with him, in the position he told me, in the way he wanted to take me. I spread my legs and put my free hand beneath my br**sts, jostling them up and down with my forearm and pretending Asher was slamming into me so hard that I was rocking back and forth on the bed.

"Fuck me, Asher," I said, a lusty moan. I fingered myself faster, pushing one, then two fingers inside me. Not enough, not the same, but if I kept watching Asher and imagining him with me, I could almost convince myself that he was here right now. Braver, my arousal thrashing past my inhibitions, I moaned louder. "Fuck me. Please, f**k me."

"I can hear you," he said, his voice strained. "I can see you, too. You're so beautiful. I want to f**k you. I want to make love to you."

I squinted through my pleasure-blurred vision and saw him on the bed in the master bedroom, his head turned to the right just like mine. On his bedside table, somewhat inconspicuous, was a small LCD TV like the one I was looking at. He was watching me while I watched him? My mind blanked, panicked, went into overdrive.

"Love me," I said before desire overtook me.

The evening took its toll on me and I relented to it. Worked up and ready, my orgasm descended upon me like a charging elephant. Thick and heavy, stampeding, pleasure dug into my body. Starting at my core, focused around my clit, my cli**x dove hard and deep. "I'm..." I said. "Asher, I'm..."

I couldn't put the words together, didn't know what to say to tell him. Instead, I let my body do it for me, writhing and spasming on the bed. My babydoll flipped and fluttered around me, caught up in the frantic actions of my orgasm. I twisted on the bed, rubbing my fingers around my clit, coaxing my pleasure onwards and further.

"I'm going to," Asher said to me-just to me-through the TV. "Jessika," he said, "I'm going to cum."

So dirty and natural, but erotically explicit, too. Cum. I watched him on the TV, my mind working in slow motion, staring at him while I pleasured myself. Asher's c*ck jerked in his hand and he let out a primal grunt as he began to cli**x. A hot, thick stream of cum shot up, straight up, then crashed back down, landing on his bare thigh. Then another, not as strong but just as good, hitting his hand while he stroked himself. And finally a bit more, a tiny amount, barely visible but oh so wonderful.

Asher slumped onto the bed, defeated and sated. My own orgasm dwindled down, a happy heat, and I gazed into the TV with absolute affection. He lay there on the bed, exhausted. His chest rose and fell with each breath he took and he lifted his shirt up to his chin then rested his hand on his revealed chest. His c*ck slipped downwards, softening, finding a home right between his thighs. He looked so quiet and defenseless and I wanted to go to him.

"Asher," I said to the TV, to him. "Let me in your room."

"Jessika," he said, his voice a hoarse whisper. "I can't. We can't do..."

"Shh. Put on pajamas and let me in. If you need, there's something that might fit you in the closet. Jeremy bought a lot and..."

"You want me to wear woman's pajamas?" he asked, laughing.

"There's not much of a difference," I said, giggling. The giggling! I don't know why. I couldn't help it. "Maybe in the look, but they should be baggy enough. And a baggy t-shirt. I think there might be one."

"I'm not going to..."

"Please?" I asked. "I want to come in. I don't want to do anything. I just want to see you."

A moment passed, than another. I looked at him with pleading eyes, hoping somehow he saw them in the tiny TV screen.

"Fine," he said. "Just give me a second. I need to clean up first."

Asher reached over towards the TV on his bedside table and pushed some buttons. The screen on my end turned blank, nothing more than a consistent black.

...

Asher wasn't sure why he was doing this, and he was fairly positive he shouldn't, but some part of him wanted to do it anyways. It was wrong, horribly so, and he was skirting a fine line with what he did and what he'd done, but he did it anyways.

Jessika came to his room, the master bedroom in his guest home. He let her in. She looked at him and laughed.

"I'll have you know," he said, grinning, "this is all the rage in the men's fashion world."

"Is it?" she asked.

He nodded. "Yes."

Jeremy hadn't left him with many choices. Yes, Jessika had innumerable options amongst the clothes his driver had bought for her, but Asher had few. Granted, they were women's clothes, so he couldn't expect much out of it, but he thought he'd made a few good choices. A pair of pink pajama pants with smiley faces on them and a plain white t-shirt. The shirt was somewhat tight, but his only other options included even tighter shirts, or ones with emasculating colors. Or, more emasculating than his already pink pants, which weren't helping his case.

"You look nice," Jessika said. She entered the bedroom without asking and closed the door behind her.

He watched her walk in, still wearing the barely concealing babydoll. She sashayed over to the bed, the lingerie's skirt swishing after her, revealing a glimpse of the delicious lower curves of her rear. Asher stared after her, openly ogled her. Then she turned around and caught him looking and grinned.

"I'm sorry," he said. He averted his eyes, raised them upwards, but that didn't help much, either. With her facing him, he had a direct view of her delightfully pert br**sts beneath the flimsy, see-thru material at the top of the babydoll. "Jessika, I really really don't think this is a good idea."

"I know," she said, looking down. Shy, affected. "I'm sorry, too. I would have changed, but everything was in here."

"Oh," he said. "Do you want to change now? If..."

"I'll get under the blankets," she said. "Can you come, too? Can we..."

Her hesitation, her demure demeanor, Asher longed for it. He wanted to reassure her, to console her, to give her everything she wanted and more. And he wanted to take it in, drink her emotions in one condensed shot like an extra smooth fine brandy. He wanted all of her, completely and absolutely.

And he knew this wasn't possible. A lark, some lust, a fit of whim and caprice. But still, what did she want, what was she asking of him? He knew he should deny her, return to his main house with his wife, do anything but remain here.

"Can we sleep together?" she asked. "In the same bed. Just sleeping. I won't... I mean, I know that..."

Asher sighed. He was smitten. "Yes," he said. "That's alright. I understand."

...

I laid in bed next to Asher, thinking. Breath slow and steady, shallow, I didn't want to ruin anything by overthinking everything. What was this and what had we done? All of a sudden, out of nowhere, it hit me like nothing else ever had. So strange and different, but enticing and exhilarating, too. I didn't know why, but I wanted so much more. His belt, and his touch, his fingers tantalizing and agonizing all at once, twisting my nipple but demanding I remain in place. His palm slapping my butt while I lay draped over his lap. Our mutual masturb**ion, watching each other on a TV screen while we confessed our taboo longings and desires.

Why was Asher here? What happened? I didn't know, so I asked.

"Is everything alright? Is... with..." I gulped, unsure if I could say her name now; if I should say her name. "Beatrice?"

Asher didn't reply at first. Maybe he was sleeping, I thought. Maybe he needed to now. To dream away everything and forget it had ever happened. I understood why he would want to do that, even if it made me sad to think about it. This, us, we couldn't continue.

"We had an argument," he said after awhile, after I didn't think he was going to say anything. "We never sleep in the same room, either. She doesn't feel comfortable with it. She says she gets anxious that she'll upset me or move too much, and..."

"And?"

"I don't know how truthful this is, but one time she said she worried that she'd toss around so much and I'd wake up with my face in her arm pit. Or, she likes to switch positions in bed a lot, so sometimes she puts her head by the foot of the bed, so I might wake up with her feet in my face. She hates the idea of that. She hates that I might smell some part of her that isn't pristine and perfect. She says it's awful and embarrassing."

I scrunched up my brow. "Really? Seriously?"

"Like I said, I don't know how truthful that is. Sometimes I think it might be an excuse. Either way, we don't sleep in the same room or the same bed very often. Our rooms are close, though. In the same hallway."

"I don't mean to judge, but I think that's silly," I said.

Asher chuckled. "I do, too, but what am I supposed to do? Beatrice is different. I can't-"

And he paused, no doubt imagining the things we'd done that night, most of which I doubted he could, or would, ever do with her. "You can't spank her," I said, matter-of-factly.

"No, not particularly. I don't really have an urge to spank most people, though. I hope you realize this."

"You want to spank me," I said, being silly.

"It's because you have a nice butt," Asher said, simple as that. He sounded as if this were a dreadful thing, sorrowful, though completely necessary. "It is the bane of all women with nice butts, to be spanked by those with a heavy hand."

"And I'm naughty," I added.

"Yes, that too," he agreed. "Bad, bad Jessika."

"I'm sorry," I said. "I won't do it again. I just can't help myself."

He turned to me then, looked at me. Rolling from his back to his side, he gazed at me in the dim light of the bathroom's nightlight. "I like you," he said. "I like spending time with you. This doesn't mean that... you know? We can't have an affair. I can't cheat on my wife."

"No," I said. "I know."

"But I don't think that... if... I'm rationalizing here, but I think this is alright. If we talk, that's fine. And maybe the spanking is alright. I don't know. It... that's a fine line. If we're close and careful, but nothing too far. No sex, and..."

I nodded, listening, and gave him all my attention. "Can we cuddle?" I asked.

I didn't wait for him to reply. Instead, I nuzzled closer. I eased him back onto the bed, from his side to laying down. Putting my head on his shoulder and my arm across his chest, I pressed my nose against his cheek.

"Maybe," he said.

"It's just cuddling, Asher. It's nothing serious."

"Right. I have nothing against the cuddling."

I sighed, content. This was wonderful and perfect and even if we never had sex, I liked that we could be close. Cuddling, sleeping in the same bed, talking. Small, inconsequential pillow talk, fun and flighty. And...

"Jessika," he said. "One thing, quickly. No middle of the night blowjobs anymore, please."

My eyes widened and I stared at him in horror. "I thought you were sleeping!"

"Well, I was sleeping, but it was difficult to remain sleeping for fairly obvious reasons."

"I'm so sorry," I murmured, the words running together into one jumbled mess.

He laughed. "It's alright," he said. "I mean, it's not exactly alright, but it's kind of a fantasy, you know? I think every guy thinks about that. It's exciting to think about getting a blowjob in your sleep. Maybe waking up to it? Half asleep and drowsy with your dreams and reality mixing together. It..."

"Did you like it?" I asked; a whisper. "I won't do it again, I swear, but did you like it?"

He patted my head and brushed my hair between his fingers. "It was exciting," he said. "I shouldn't say this, but I thought about it when, you know, tonight. The TV thing. Honestly, I'm just-I don't know why I'm saying this-but last night, that was indescribable. It was really amazing."

"But don't do it again," I said.

"No," he said. "Seriously, it was really good, but don't do it again."

A pause, minutes of nighttime passing us by. "Asher," I said, reserved. I felt awkward, but I needed to ask him this. If he was open with me, I felt like I should be able to do the same with him.

"Yes?"

"If Beatrice agrees with the child, the surrogacy and everything, do you think that-and I understand if you don't like this idea, but I just want to ask it-would it be alright if I visited sometimes? I wouldn't tell the child or act like a mother or anything, but I'd like it if I could come visit. Just to see."

He kissed my forehead. A light, simple kiss. "I think that's alright," he said. "You could probably babysit if you wanted. During the days, or after school. Now that I think about it, it'd be easier. If you want to, that is. I'd pay for your services, of course. Please don't take offense to that. I'm not trying to cheapen it or anything, but I feel like if you did that then I'd like to pay you. Even if it was something simple, like letting you stay..."

He trailed off, but only for a moment.

"This is an idea, and purely logical and unemotional. I want to preface it with that. But, if you stayed in the guest house, everything would be easier. You can do whatever you like, and I could hire another babysitter if you want to have an ordinary job. I'm all for woman's independence. You don't even have to do this if you don't want to. If you like, since it would make it easier for breastfeeding and everything like that, you could stay in the guest house, though. A live in nanny of sorts. I mean that in the most empowering of ways." He sighed, defeated. "I sound like a horrible chauvinist, don't I?"

"No," I said, kissing his cheek. "You sound like a caring, thoughtful person. You sound like you're thinking about what's best for your child and you're offering someone something very nice and wonderful, even though that someone only asked you for a simple request that you didn't even have to agree with. You're offering a choice, and women's independence is all about choices, right?"

"So you're saying I'm a great example of a feminist?" he asked, teasing.

"I don't know if I'd go that far, but I don't think you're a misogynist or a chauvinist by any stretch."

"Oh, good. I was worried for a second."

We lay in silence, thinking. About each other, maybe, or not that at all. I thought about Asher, at least, and I imagined at least a little part of him thought about me. Dazing, dreaming, closing my eyes, I cuddled with him and imagined possibilities.

...

When I woke up in the morning, Asher was gone. I yawned, stretching, and looked towards the bathroom, thinking I might see him there shaving, showering, or something. But, no, he was gone. Downstairs, perhaps? Making breakfast? Any moment now, after a knock on the door, he would swoop in while carrying a tray of food. Eggs, bacon, sausage, diced fruit with toast, pancakes?

"Jessika?" someone called out from downstairs. It wasn't Asher.

"I'm up here," I yelled.

"Alright. Are you decent? Asher asked me to stop by."

"Yes. It's fine."

I waited in bed, pulling the covers up high to cover all but my face, while Jeremy bounded up the stairs. Outside the door, he knocked.

"Come in," I said.

He entered, saw me laying in bed, and paused. "Oh. Were you sleeping?"

"I just woke up. Why?"

"Uh, no reason in particular. It's almost noon, that's all."

"What," I said, panicking. A clock, a clock, I looked for one, but apparently Asher never found it necessary to provide his guest house with a clock on the bedside table. "Is it really?" I asked, nearly forgetting myself and almost tossing off the blankets in a hurry to get up, showing Jeremy my babydoll-clad body.

"Well, it's nine. Close enough."

I fell onto the bed, relieved and exasperated. "Nine! Nine isn't noon, Jeremy. Noon is three hours away. Don't do that to me."

"Hey, look," he said. "Everyone wakes up pretty early here, so nine is practically noon. Asher left ages ago and he asked me to come by. He's going to talk with Beatrice a little more, but he's almost positive she'll agree to his little deal, so he wants to make sure you're ready. Nice guy, huh?"

"Ready for what?" I asked. "I don't understand."

"Are you serious?" he asked.

"Do I look serious?" I thought I looked pretty serious right then.

"It's hard to take you seriously when you're huddled up to your chin in comforters," he said.

"Oh. Well, yes, I'm serious."

"Listen," he said. "I don't know if you've thought this through, or if you're winging it, or whatever, but the whole egg donor thing? Surrogacy? There's doctors involved, right? And examinations? If you're staying here during the process, there's that whole 'getting your stuff' thing that people usually do. I mean, you have a home, right? Apartment, house? Something? Maybe you want to feed your cats? Tell your friends? Family? Whatever?"

"Oh," I said. Yes, I knew these things, but no, I hadn't thought too much about them. Truth be told, I was a fairly quiet person without a cat(or dog), friends that I spoke with but not every day, and family who was just about the same. They probably hadn't realized I was gone for a few days, let alone bothered to worry about it. Not that they had any reason to worry, anyways.

"So," he said. "You want breakfast? I'm your driver for the day. I'll bring you around wherever you need to go, help you out, that kind of thing. We have to go to a doctor and have them do a physical, though. Check out the parts, whatever. I don't know what you women do at the doctor."

"Right," I said. "Yes. I'll shower and be right down. Um, I'm kind of not wearing proper clothes, so do you mind?" I shooed him away.

"You're so difficult," he said.

"I'm not difficult!"

"You're so difficult and ungrateful!" he repeated in a playful tone, rolling his eyes. "What do you want for breakfast? How about French toast?"

"Yum. With strawberries and peanut butter?"

"You're one weird chick, but sure, you got it. Strangest French toast I'll ever make."

He left, closing the door behind him. I lounged in bed for awhile longer, letting my body fully wake up. Today was the day and I needed to prepare for it.

Everything, all of it, my arrangement with Asher and the start of a different kind of life. I supposed it wasn't entirely different, but this was all somewhat sudden. I wanted to do it, though. I felt almost like I needed to, as if there was a driving urge within me to perform up to par.

Except what was I going to tell my parents? Not that they had any real say in the matter, but I didn't know how to explain this to them. Oh, yes, so, mom? Right, I met a billionaire and he wants me to have his children. Not really in that exact way. It's for his wife, you see. Except don't tell Aunt Nell, please? She's kind of a gossiper. Yes, and...

Ah, well. I had time to think on it still. I'd ask Jeremy to bring me to my apartment first and then see what I needed to gather up. That would take up some time. And maybe I should ask him what to do, too? Jeremy seemed resourceful in those regards.

Everything was going to work out, I thought. Why wouldn't it?

...

"Do we really have to stop here?" Jeremy asked.

With breakfast finished, my morning preparations done, both of us were driving around the city on the way to my apartment.

"It won't take long," I said. "That's my favorite bookstore. I just want to grab a book."

"Right. Because Asher doesn't own enough books. I totally understand."

I sat up front this time, as opposed to the backseat when Jeremy first drove Asher and I to the Landseer estate. I rolled my eyes at Jeremy as he rolled his eyes at me.

"You don't get it," I said. "It's a different experience looking through a bookstore. It's not the same if you already own the book. Buying a new book is exciting."

"Technically you don't own the books in Asher's library," Jeremy said as a point of fact.

"Ugh! That's not even it," I said.

"Fine. We can stop here, but don't take forever. I know your type, you book people. Wandering through aisles of shelves for hours and then you forget what you were even doing beforehand. We have stuff to do today. You have ten minutes."

"Yes, sir," I said, offering him a disingenuous salute. "Whatever you say."

"Don't you sass me, girl."

I laughed. "This is fun. Are you going to come in? I'll introduce you to the owner. He's very nice."

"You have a cracked idea of fun," Jeremy said. Then he softened. "Yeah, let me park the car and then I'll be right in. Have to make sure you don't take forever, right?"

"Right," I said.

Jeremy let me out in front of the independent bookshop we'd been idling in front of forever. I waltzed towards the entryway, feeling light and springy, then swung open the door and walked inside. Robert, the owner, wasn't behind the counter, but that wasn't too strange. Sometimes he did things in the back, or went around re-organizing the shelves. I'd see him soon, no doubt.

I headed directly to my favorite section. It wasn't exactly my section, but it might as well be. Robert had it set up with books he thought I'd like, and he said that since he'd done it he'd seen an increase in sales. I didn't know if he was just being nice, or if his other customers really enjoyed my choice in books, but it was neat to have a section somewhat of my own.

Literary fiction, with some romance. I liked historical and contemporary, and sometimes fantasy ones. I really enjoyed Elizabeth Haydon, but she hadn't written a new book in forever. The occasional science fiction book was good, too, like Dune, but I wasn't too into the genre as a whole.

Unfortunately the shelves that usually contained the books in my section were empty. Some books lay in stacks nearby, presumably left there from some planned redesign of the shelves. This was both exciting and upsetting. I looked forward to seeing what Robert might change, and had a few suggestions for him, but that didn't help me right now. I sifted through one of the nearby stacks just in case I found something new and interesting.

I didn't, but it was nice to catch up on old books I'd read. I remembered the ideas in them, and the thoughts I had while reading them, like a memory within a memory. Yes, this one, a Glen Cook book I didn't actually think I'd like, but enjoyed very much. I'd taken it with me in the bath and read amidst bubbles. When the fantasy army started fighting off their magical enemies, I turned the hot water on to fix the temperature of my lukewarm bathwater.

It was fun to remember things like that.

I moved to a table with more stacks, planning to check through them, too. I stopped before I started, though, feeling odd. Something... oh, yes. Nearby was the curtained off doorway to the local book club's meeting room. And people were talking behind the curtain.

Nothing too strange, except it was a bit early for a book club meeting. Sometimes they did lunchtime ones for people who had long lunches, but still, it was barely past ten. When I listened further, it didn't sound like any book discussion I'd ever heard, either.

"You have to understand," a man said, "we need to tread carefully here. It's not something we can enter into lightly."

He sounded familiar somehow, but I couldn't quite place it.

"Why?" a woman asked. "Just do it. Figure out some plan. I'm tired of this. It's always the same. Always. Do you know what he did last night? He brought home some woman. He plans to have her act as a mother where I can't. I keep having to lie to him, and I'm tired of it. Do you know how much of a nuisance it was to pay off the doctor to say I was..."

"Shh," the man said. "Not so loud."

"There's no one here. It doesn't matter."

"The owner of the store is here."

"He's out back. And, if not, what of it? Do you think anyone will believe someone like him? He is beneath me."

Beatrice Landseer and... Solomon Royce?

I stood perfectly still, caught up in the moment. Panic and awareness blazed through me. I wasn't supposed to be here, I wasn't supposed to hear this. And, why were they here, too? I didn't understand.

"It's just so boring," Beatrice said. "Do you know how annoying it is? I make excuses to Asher, time after time, and yet he won't do anything about it."

"He's not going to divorce you, obviously. Even he knows that won't go in his favor. What grounds does he have for it, anyways?"

"If he knew, then he'd have plenty of grounds," Beatrice said. I imagined her grinning, some sly, sleek look like a wicked Siamese cat.

"Yes, and then you'd receive next to nothing afterwards. Just relax and be patient. I have everything under control. Asher's not an idiot, but he's too trusting by far, and he'll play into my plan exactly."

"Our plan," Beatrice said, sweet and seductive. She sounded so much different now; still the same voice, but with more emotion. "You won't leave me out of it, will you?"

"Of course not," Solomon said. "For now, just continue as you have been and we'll go from there. I won't have another 'business trip' planned for awhile, so I'll be able to set things up. You should do the same. Keep tabs on this new girl, too. Maybe see if you hear any rumors? If Asher's done anything with her, even something remotely incriminating, it'll work out in our favor later on."

"Yes, but I doubt he will. She seems dull. Though that type does seem to be his sort most times. His pet projects annoy me to no end."

"I know. I know. Soon. Don't worry."

I needed to leave. Beatrice and Solomon sounded like they were finishing up in the book club meeting room, and if they realized I'd heard everything, well, I didn't really know what they'd do. Something bad, obviously, but the scope of it was beyond me. I didn't even fully understand most of what they'd said, except for the obvious parts. Insinuations and assumptions and piecing together parts of their conversation only went so far.

I rushed to the bookshop door and tried to hurry outside, but a man blocked my way. Shit, oh God!

"You're sure in a hurry," Jeremy said as I crashed into him.

Oh. Oh! This wasn't terrible. Just Jeremy. "We need to go," I said. "Now. Hurry."

"What?" He gave me a funny look.

I pulled him out of the store, dragging him along. He seemed reluctant to come, but went nonetheless.

"Jessika," he said. "Seriously, what's wrong with you? You wanted to get a book and now you're pulling me away from the book store. You were only in there for like three minutes."

"I'll tell you in the car. Where is it? We need to hurry. We can't..." I looked over my shoulder just in time to see two people exiting the book store: Solomon and Beatrice.

A corner, somewhere, we needed to hide. I rushed to the right and pulled Jeremy into an alleyway. The greasy, stale air in the side street smothered me and I wanted to choke, but I carried on.

"I really don't understand," Jeremy said. He refused to move any further, holding his ground.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Beatrice and Solomon walking past the end of the alleyway. Beatrice tilted her head slightly, looking just barely at me and Jeremy.

Fuck! An excuse, we needed an excuse to be in the middle of an alley, to evade her scrutiny. I jumped into action and grabbed Jeremy's face in my hands, twisting us both to hide the majority of our features. I pulled him into an awkward kiss, shoving him against the wall.

Beatrice scoffed, sounding repulsed. Then the telltale sign of her departure, her heels tapping past the alleyway entrance.

Jeremy gasped, astounded. When I was sure Beatrice and Solomon were gone, I let him go, which worked out well because he pushed me away at about the same time.

"I'm flattered and all," he said.

"Don't be," I said. "It was a ruse."

"Right. Like some spy stuff, huh? Detective movies? You on the run from the law or something?"

"No. I'll explain it in the car. Where did you park? Can we get there this way?" I peered down the alleyway, reluctant to go back to the main street.

"Yeah," he said. "I guess."

"Alright. Let's go."

A million thoughts flipped through my mind as Jeremy led me back to the car. At first I was elated, overjoyed at the fact that Beatrice didn't like Asher in the least. That feeling soon faded, though. I was happy, but did I have a right to be? Asher remained-or tried to remain-loyal to Beatrice, and so it didn't matter what exactly she did to him, but how he felt towards her. Which I assumed would change if her plans were... if they were what? I wasn't quite sure, since I didn't know anything about her plans in the first place.

Though it sounded like her and Solomon were doing something more, too. An affair? Definitely a possibility, but even that seemed difficult to prove.

And then it dawned on me, as sure as that. I couldn't actually prove anything. I didn't have a recording of anything they said, and I didn't have any real credibility as far as anyone taking my word for it, either. If I came right out and accused Solomon and Beatrice of some kind of treachery, they could deny it. And then what? Well, if they had actual plans, they'd delay them, I imagined. Possibly doing something about me, too. I briefly imagined a mafia style murder situation, but I doubted that would actually happen.

Still, no matter what, I needed to figure out how I should approach this.

"We're almost there," Jeremy said.

I decided I needed to tell Jeremy, at the very least. He might know what to do, or he might think I was insane. I really hoped it was the first one.

His Absolute Impulse

"So, this is your apartment?" Jeremy asked me.

I tossed my keys on the kitchen counter and looked around. Sure, it was nothing compared to the Landseer estate, but I liked it. The living room, kitchen, and dining area were actually all one combined room, separated by a countertop. I sectioned off the living room and my circle dining table with a couch to elude to the existence of separate rooms, but it wasn't that great. It worked, and sometimes I had people over for dinner, but I kind of wished I had an actual dining room.

Still, the place looked nice enough. I kept it clean and my furniture was only a few years old. I never watched TV, but I had an older CRT TV in a rustic looking entertainment center against the wall for when guests came over. Granted, I didn't have cable(since I never used it), but Redbox or my DVD collection solved most problems there.

I used to think all of this was good up until Jeremy peered around my apartment with a funny look on his face.

"What?" I asked. "Yes, this is my apartment."

"It's kind of small," he said.

"I live by myself. I don't need a big place."

"Is there another room? Is this it?" He stepped past the "dining area" and into the "living room."

"My bedroom, then the bathroom. I can't... I mean, I know that Asher's place is nicer, but it's hard for someone like me to afford more than this. I think it's..."

"Oh," he said, frowning. "No, no. I didn't mean it like that. I guess... well, I only have a room of my own at Asher's, anyways, so I don't know what I'm going on about. It's a nice place, though. Looks cozy. Not a ton of room to move around, but I guess that's what going out is for, right?"

I rolled my eyes. "Thanks."

"So," he said, sitting at the table. "What was that before? Why did you run me out of the bookstore? You were so excited to go in, and then..."

"Yeah..." I trailed off, remembering it. Maybe I shouldn't tell him. Except I felt like I really needed to tell someone. It was definitely them, Asher's wife, Beatrice, and his director of public relations, Solomon Royce. I'd inadvertently happened upon them at my favorite independent bookstore, which was odd enough, but after overhearing their conversation it became even stranger. I didn't even know what to think about it. Maybe I was going crazy or something. That seemed like a more logical explanation than the truth.

"Do you want cookies?" I asked. "With milk, of course."

"Sure," Jeremy said. "Yeah, why not? Sounds nice."

I poured us both a glass of milk and dug through my cupboards for a box of Russian tea cookies while thinking about what to tell him. How should I start? With the beginning, I supposed, except it sounded weird. Oh, yes, I just overheard, and...

I handed Jeremy his glass of milk, sat alongside him at the table, and put the box of cookies between us.

"These are cookies?" he asked, plucking one of the confection sugar-covered balls from the box. "Huh."

"Some people call them cakes, but they're harder like cookies. I don't really care what they are, but they're delicious."

He nibbled on one, then lifted his brow. "Huh." Dunking it into his milk, he plopped the rest of it in his mouth and chewed.

"Right, so..." I looked at the box of cookies and considered stuffing one in my mouth to waste time while I chewed it. "Alright, listen. I know what I'm about to say won't make any sense, but I swear it's true. I saw Beatrice and Solomon in the bookstore. I overheard them talking."

Jeremy nearly choked on a mouthful of milk. He coughed and spluttered and I gasped and yelled at him to raise his hands in the air.

When he seemed alright again, he said, "That's strange. Are you sure about... I mean... I'm not saying I don't believe you, but I can't imagine why either of them would be there."

"I don't really know why they were there, either," I said.

"Fair enough. So, let's say they were there. What did you hear?"

I explained it to him. I didn't know the exact specifics, but it sounded like something involving an affair, an attempt to ruin Landseer Enterprises, and then Beatrice's inevitable divorce from Asher. I knew it sounded insane, but I really needed to tell someone.

Jeremy stared at me long and hard. "Maybe we need to take you to a doctor besides the in vitro specialist," he said.

"This isn't a time for jokes!" I grabbed a cookie from the box and chomped on it hard, crushing it into pieces. "I wouldn't just say this, alright?" Powdered sugar sputtered from my mouth to the table. I glowered and finished eating my cookie, then added, "I don't know why they were there, either, but I know it happened. You don't have to believe me. I swear I'm not trying to pull anything. I just... I don't know what to do, you know? Do I do anything? Do I just ignore it? If I tell Asher, he'd just look at me funny and get mad, don't you think? I wouldn't blame him if he did."

Jeremy took a drink of his milk, wiped his lips with the cuff of his sleeve, and sighed. "Look, first off, Asher wouldn't look at you funny or get mad. He probably wouldn't believe you, but he's a nice guy, so he'd at least listen. The problem is that right after he'd talk to Beatrice about it. And, if what you said happened, then she'd obviously lie to him. So we can't do that."

"Does this mean you believe me?" I asked.

"I don't not believe you," he said. "Let's leave it at that. I wouldn't be surprised if Beatrice was planning something like this, but I don't know you that well, either. I like you, don't get me wrong, and you seem nice, but..."

"No, no, I understand. Thanks for listening and not yelling at me. I really appreciate it."

"What we have to do," he said, "is figure out what exactly is going on. With evidence, preferably. If that's even possible, I have no idea. You have to understand and agree that maybe you misheard, too. Also, maybe it was someone else entirely in that room. People that sounded similar, or with the same names, right? It happens."

"No." I shook my head. "When, um, when I kissed you in the alley, you remember? It was because I saw Beatrice and Solomon walking past. I didn't want them to realize it was us."

"I just figured I was irresistibly attractive," he said, smirking. "I guess your reason makes more sense, though. You and I totally wouldn't work out together. Sorry. I wish I'd seen them, though. It'd make this easier."

"Yeah," I said. "Sorry about that. I didn't know what to do."

"Eh, it's fine. I got a kiss from a beautiful woman out of it, so who am I to complain?"

I hit him in the shoulder and pursed my lips. "Shut up."

"I was giving you a compliment!"

"Right. Sure. Whatever." I stood up, grabbing a cookie for good measure. "I have to call my mother to tell her what's going on, but after can you help me pack some things and maybe we can think of something? Maybe it's nothing, but it's good to have a plan, right?"

"Yeah," Jeremy said. He smiled at me and gave me a thumbs up. "Don't worry. Asher's a tough guy. Everything will work out in the end. He didn't get rich from dumb luck or anything. He knows what's up."

I smiled. Yes, he must. Asher was kind and nice and interesting and fun, maybe a little domineering, but he was other things, too. He had business savvy, of course, and knew how to navigate the corporate world with ease. One thing really bothered me, though.

"Solomon Royce has done good work for me, though I don't understand his methods exactly," Asher had said. "Always away doing this or that, sparking interest in company holdings, doing press releases, that kind of thing. I couldn't manage any of it for the life of me, so I'm glad to have him, but sometimes it's confusing since I don't understand most of what his reports are about."

Maybe I was worrying over nothing, but it seemed like Solomon could easily pull something if he wanted. If he slipped it into a report, disguised it so that Asher wouldn't even bother to notice, then it could be disastrous. Asher said he trusted Solomon and that the director of public relations had done good work for him in the past, so why would he suddenly stop trusting him? If Solomon wanted to sabotage Landseer enterprises through faulty reporting, Asher probably wouldn't even bother to double check and try to understand the PR reports until it was too late.

I walked to my bedroom contemplating that. Falling onto my bed, I snatched the cordless phone from my nightstand and dialed my mother's number.

...

"Jessika," my mother said. "I've tried calling you. Where have you been? What are you doing home this early. Shouldn't you be working?"

"Mom," I said. "Yes, about that. There's... well, I found a job. It's um, maybe more permanent."

"Oh?"

Right. A job. That's how I'd spin it. "So I met a man," I said, figuring I should start with that.

"You're not moving to Las Vegas or something, are you honey? I don't care how attractive he is, if he says you can make it far as a stripper he's just trying to use you."

"Ugh! Are you serious? No, I'm not moving to Las Vegas and I'm not becoming a stripper."

"You were a really good dancer. You could probably do it if you wanted to. Have you looked into that? I've heard those girls are really nice and you can make a lot of money."

"Mom, I'm not going to be a stripper. You need to be attractive for that."

I could almost see my mom shaking her head on the other side of the phone. "No, that's not true. They have um... waffleface?"

"Butterface," I corrected.

"Oh! Yes, that's it. Not that you are one, but if you've got nice br**sts then it doesn't matter. I'm your mother, so I know these things, and I bet men would definitely like your br**sts. Just don't become one of those crackwhores, alright? Promise me that."

"Mom. Listen, please. I'm not even becoming a stripper. This isn't about that. I met a man and he's rich, alright, and..."

"Oh, so he's like a sweetdaddy. That sounds nice."

"Sugardaddy," I corrected. "And, no. Um. So, he has a wife, right?"

"Are you having an affair with a married man, Jessika?"

I blushed. Oh God, my mother already knew about my indiscretions with Asher and I hadn't even told her. "Would you let me finish?" I said. Better to change the subject, really.

"Alright. So you met a man and he's rich and he has a wife. I can't see where this is going if you aren't having an affair with him."

I ignored the last part. "They want children, but his wife... she can't. There's problems, right? So he asked me if I'd consider doing, um..."

"Oh. I read about that in the paper. There was an ad looking for women to donate eggs. That's really nice. So you're doing that? That's probably better than being a stripper, honey. I don't think you could handle taking your clothes off in a room full of men."

"Yeah," I said, blinking twice, frowning. This was going easier than I thought. "Yeah, so I'll do that. I'd be a surrogate, too. His wife, she doesn't really want to carry the baby to term, either. Um... it's about a year long, nine months and everything and... maybe I'll be a nanny after, you know? Because I've always wanted to try and get more into book stuff. I'd really like to see if I can do it. This way, if I'm living there and helping out, I'll have a little more free time."

"Just don't let his wife catch you having an affair with him, alright? I don't want to read about you in the tabloids."

"Mom! We're not having an affair! I... we just watched a movie once, and I slept in his guest home. It's..."

"Oh, no, don't tell me about the affair. I don't want reporters hounding me if you get caught. I'd rather know nothing so they can't get information out of me." My mother laughed when I groaned. "So who's this man? What's his name?"

"Asher," I said. "Asher Landseer. He owns Landseer Enterprises."

"Oo~oh," my mother said. "An older man. Close, though. I just saw an article on him. He's one of the richest men under thirty. Twenty-eight to be exact. That's good. Dating an older man is usually best since I find the maturity levels mix better."

"I'm twenty-four. He's not that much older. Also, we aren't dating."

"No, no, of course not. But when you start dating and having your affair, I'll approve."

"I'm hanging up now. I'm done with this conversation."

My mom laughed. "I'm glad you're doing well, Jessika. So you're going to stay at Asher's place? That's nice. Is there a phone there? I want to be able to call you. Also, I need to talk to him, you tell him that. I don't care that he's rich, but if my daughter is staying at someone's house and doing this egg thing for him and his wife, I want to know who they are."

"You could always, oh, I don't know, Google him. I'm sure there's plenty of information."

"Google can't tell me if someone is nice, Jessika. He might be faking it. When I talk to him I'll know for sure. Trust me on this, I'm your mother."

"Right. Bye mom. Love you."

"I love you, too. Be safe."

I hung up the phone and let it fall into its receiver. That hadn't gone at all like I expected, but I was glad it went alright. I thought she'd be more... upset? Maybe not upset, but concerned. Not that she had any reason to be, or not that I thought she had a reason, but still.

"Your mom sounds like a hoot."

Startled, I jumped up and stared at my bedroom door. Jeremy stood there eating a cookie, powdered sugar covering his lips.

"You have something-" I gestured to my lips. "There."

"Yeah," he shrugged. "Saving it for later. You can never be too careful. Who knows when my next meal will be?"

"That was the corniest line I've ever heard," I said.

He grinned. "Let's pack your stuff, Miss Stripper Adulteress."

...

I packed some of my shoes and clothes in an overnight duffel bag. I didn't really need them, since Asher had asked Jeremy to buy me clothes and he'd filled an entire walk-in closet with them, but I liked some of what I owned. It was comfortable and familiar.

"Maybe she has the plans written down," I said, cramming another t-shirt into my bag. "Maybe that's why she doesn't like Asher sleeping in the same room with her. At night, when he thinks she's sleeping, she's actually writing down her evil plan in a notebook that she hides in her bedside table."

"Are we coming up with plots for a YA fantasy novel or are we talking about how to figure out what, if anything, Beatrice is up to?" he asked.

I frowned. "Sorry, I read a lot."

"It's fine, but I doubt she did that. If anything, it'd be on her computer. No one writes stuff down these days."

"True, true. So... we could check that?"

"Maybe. I imagine it's password protected, though."

"She might use a simple one. Did you know that a lot of people use 'password' as their password? It could be that."

"I... I doubt it. I mean, it's possible, but I don't think Beatrice is one of those people. She graduated from Dartmouth." Jeremy rummaged through my drawers and grabbed a cute blouse. "Let's bring this."

"I really like that one. Put it in the bag." He did, then I stared at him. "Can you stop going through my drawers, too? There's..."

"Do you really wear this? Wow." He held up one of my cutest and sexiest pairs of underwear; a frilly pink chiffon piece that always clung tight to my body, with a black silk bow in the front at the top. "This is... wow. I mean, there's sexy, right? But then there's cute, and then... wow. This is really good. How do you not have a boyfriend?"

I snatched the underwear away from him. "Give me that! Stop looking through my underwear drawer!" I shut the drawer on him, nearly slamming his fingers in it as I did. "Also, my last boyfriend didn't even like these. That was awhile ago, but still. He said they made me look like I was twelve and he felt like a criminal whenever I wore them before we had sex."

Jeremy burst into laughter. "Ah, well. Weird. I don't know how anyone could ever mistake you for a twelve year old, underwear or not. Really, I think the appeal to a pair like that is the innocence, though. Like, hey, they're cute, right? But also sexy. It's the best of both worlds, really. You get the hotness, but the demure nature, too, so you're going to have some really good sex, but you won't feel like you're with a slut. That's how I think about it."

"I guess thanks for not calling me a slut? Can we stop talking about my underwear now?"

Jeremy snickered. "Yeah, sure. Sorry. I just... man... if Asher saw those on you, he'd..."

He didn't say more. Why wouldn't he say more? "What?" I asked. "He'd what?"

"Well, you shouldn't wear them around him. Also, why would he ever see you in your underwear? Strictly speaking, this will never happen, so this is all hypothetical, but I think he'd go crazy. In a good way, for you, except maybe not, since, you know, he's married."

"Yeah," I said. "Right, of course. What time do we have to be at the doctor's?"

"We should probably leave soon. Asher's going to meet us there. You both have to sign paperwork or something. Anything else you need besides what we grabbed?"

"Yes, um. Can you grab the other boxes of cookies? I'm going to change quickly."

Jeremy looked at me funny. "Sure, but I think Asher can afford to buy more cookies."

"They're expiring soon," I lied. "I don't want to waste them."

Jeremy shrugged and left to go fetch my cookies. I grabbed the pink panties and rushed into the bathroom to change. Shimmying my current pair of underwear down my bare legs, I stepped out of them and then stepped into the new pair. I lifted them up, holding my skirt above my waist while I did, and fit them into place. And, they didn't match my bra, but who cared? I had plans, delicious and devious plans, and they didn't involve anything to do with a bra.

...

"Are you on birth control?" the doctor asked.

"Yes," I told her. "Is that alright, or...?"

"It's fine," she said. "In a standard procedure, we would have you go on birth control for a month anyways. This insures that we're dealing with a regular cycle. The long and short of it is that we need to know exactly when your period is so that we can plan for egg retrieval. There's medication involved and various shots. You'll have to self-administer those, but we'll show you how. The shots are simple and mostly painless, but after awhile there can be slight bruising and discomfort. I assume you have an OB/GYN you regularly go to?"

"Yes." I swallowed hard. The medication didn't sound bad, but the shots worried me. I was always kind of a wimp when it came to needles.

"So, what we'll do today is preliminary exams. Nothing intensive. I'll need to speak with your OB/GYN about your history, but I assume we won't find anything detrimental to IVF, so everything should be settled in a couple days. Depending on the type of birth control and where you are in your cycle, we might be able to start this sooner than regular. I can't guarantee anything, though. Do you know when you usually have your period?"

"Yes," I said, nodding. "In a few days. Three? What's IVF?"

"In vitro fertilization. Sorry, I'm so used to abbreviating." She hummed to herself, considering my answer. "As long as everything checks out, we might be able to begin in three days. That's a rush, though. Basically, if we do that, you won't have much time to back out. If you change your mind or reconsider, you'd have less of a window."

"What I'd like to do," she continued, "is start you on Gonal-f the day of your period. You'd stop taking birth control then. You'll inject the Gonal-f with an RFF pen-which basically looks like a large ballpoint pen-and that's about it. I'll prescribe you enough refills to last for ten days. You'll also need to take some other medications, but those are easier to handle. It's a good idea to start taking pre-natal vitamins and oftentimes baby aspirin helps, too. On the ninth day you'll come back in and..."

I listened to her, but it all kind of blurred together. Three days? And then what? If everything went as planned, I'd be pregnant in a couple of weeks, right? I didn't really know what I was thinking before this, but it seemed like it'd take longer than that. Months, maybe? I had married friends who'd spent half a year before becoming pregnant, so a couple weeks seemed really quick in comparison. Though I don't know why I thought it would take longer, either. Medicine, advances in technology, and whatever else; these doctors had it down to a science and knew exactly how to manage it.

"Please be aware that the surgery involved with egg retrieval and transplant can be painful and disorienting. We do everything we can to minimize that, though. I know it's a lot to take in," the doctor said. She smiled at me and handed me a pamphlet. "Here's some more information and you're always free to say no. This is kind of a strange case in that usually we perform IVF on either infertile women without other complications or egg donors. I discussed everything with Mr. Landseer on the phone a few days ago and I understand your situation, though. It shouldn't be any different than a regular procedure in the end, so you don't have anything to worry about with that."

"Oh," I said. "I'm not worried. It's just..."

"It's sudden," she said for me. "If you want to think about it more, that's fine by me. Don't let anyone pressure you into anything. We do need signed consent forms from the both of you, though. Whatever your arrangement is with Mrs. Landseer should be discussed with an attorney, too. We don't do that here, though. We'll manage the process between you and Asher, and the rest is up to you to decide. Surrogacy can get complicated very fast with how the laws are in the US. I'm just a doctor, but I'd advise you to look into it carefully so you know what you're getting into."

"Yes. Yes, of course."

She smiled. "I'll be right back with the consent forms. You can look them over at your convenience. I believe Asher is waiting in the waiting room, too. I'll get him, you both can talk things over, and when you're ready to continue the preliminary exam I'll be waiting."

She left me in the doctor's room. I sat on the cushioned table, swinging my legs side to side, thinking. Was I ready for this? If-I checked the pamphlet. Alright, so, if I followed this chart, and everything went as planned, I'd be pregnant in about three weeks. They did pregnancy tests in office a couple weeks after the second egg transplant, and anything after that was too late. About a month, then? In a month I might become a mother.

Or, not really. Technically, yes, but I couldn't keep the child. It was for Asher and Beatrice, except...

Oh my God. I hadn't really thought about this before, but what happened if Beatrice was planning something against Asher? Personally I had no doubts in my mind about what I heard, even if I didn't know the specifics. I did agree that Jeremy had a valid point in needing to figure it out with more certainty, though. But, then, if she was planning something, a divorce or whatever, what happened with the child? If I signed some contract with a lawyer stating that I would give up the child to the Landseer's, could she use it as a bargaining chip in the divorce? How did that work?

I needed to look into it, but I didn't really know how. I didn't have a lawyer of my own, and I wasn't sure if I could trust the Landseer lawyer(if they had one, though I assumed Asher would). Mostly, what if Beatrice talked with the lawyer beforehand. If she was planning on leaving Asher, she, no doubt, had thought of hiring a divorce attorney. Except, why hire one if she had a perfectly good one on hand, one who already knew Asher's situation and any potential ways to screw him over?

A bit conspiratorial, even for me, but I decided it was definitely better to figure out an alternative solution. I'd have to find a way to talk with a lawyer who didn't know anything about Asher, Beatrice, or even me. Hypothetical discussions and... I didn't have the money for this. Was I just going to waltz up to Asher and ask him to pay for it? Why, he would ask. And then what did I tell him? Also, I couldn't do that anyways since it was more than rude.

Argh! This was so complicated. I hated it.

Asher stepped into the room after knocking. He smiled at me and I immediately felt better, different. I had three days to decide, and if I couldn't figure anything out by then I'd find a way to delay. What if I wanted to think about it more? No one could deny me that, since this was kind of a big thing. At least I doubted Asher would be upset with me, though who knew about Beatrice. I didn't really care about her thoughts, anyways.

"Hey," Asher said. He sat on the chair next to the cushioned table. "Everything alright?"

"Yes. I think so," I said.

"Everything is looking fine," the doctor confirmed. "I see no reason why this shouldn't succeed. Ms. Fevrier is young and presumably fertile, so there won't be any issues there. Obviously the testing, and I have to talk with her doctor, but other than that... you haven't been pregnant before, correct?"

She'd asked me this earlier, but I assumed the repeat question was for Asher's benefit. "No." I shook my head.

"For surrogacy, it's typically better to do this with a woman who's proven fertile in the past, but for non-donor IVF it's obviously for women who are regularly infertile. For your situation, the latter is more applicable. I wanted to clarify that quickly in case you've read anything before this."

Asher nodded, deep in thought. "Alright. Yes. I was... well, I've been a little worried. I may or may not have spent a few business hours looking up details."

The doctor laughed. "Of course. I understand. Well, here are the consent forms. You don't have to sign them immediately. I'll leave you two to discuss things. Just hit this button when you're ready to continue and I'll be right back." She pointed to a red button under an intercom grill. "I'm going to go do some paperwork in the mean time."

She handed us the papers, gave me a reassuring smile, and left us in the room alone, closing the door behind her.

"So," I said.

"So," Asher agreed.

"She can start in three days, she thinks. She has to talk with my OB/GYN."

Asher's eyes widened. He looked so excited and I didn't know how to tell him that maybe I didn't want to start in three days. Maybe I needed more time, because...

"It's up to you," he said. "I know three days is soon. I won't rush you."

"I know," I said. "I'm just..."

I was so nervous. Not just because of the doctor or anything else. Everything, all combined, and then this, and that, and I needed something, some assurance that I was doing the right thing, except who could I ask? Everyone around me was biased, and my mother had seemed somewhat indifferent. Not entirely indifferent, but she seemed excited, too. Daytime television probably made the idea seem extravagant and luxurious to her, and it did have some of that appeal to me, but the actuality of it was scary. Shots and being pregnant, pain, and it wasn't even my child, and...

"Why three days?" he asked. I think he sensed my anxiety.

I held the pamphlet out for him, opening it to the page with the chart. "So I'm on birth control right now, but my period will be in a few days. Too much information, maybe? Sorry. But when that starts, I'd take these shots for, um, ten days? It shows right there, those marks." I pointed it out for him.

"Alright, so then..." He scanned through the chart along with me. "So two weeks for egg retrieval and a few days after that for egg transplant. And another egg transplant? Um, how many children are we having here?" He laughed.

We, he said. We. I stared at him, charmed, wrapped up in his excitement for children. I'd always thought about it, myself. I liked the idea of it. Having children, a nice home, a loving husband. A family. This wasn't really that, not quite, but the children part kept invading my fantasies. It was a part of it, and I wanted Asher to be a part of it, too. When he included me into his dreams, I felt a rush of giddy glee.

"Well," I said. "It depends on how many stick. I think they put a few in just in case, but probably only one or two are going to mature."

"So, twins maybe," he said. "A boy and a girl?"

"That would be nice. They wouldn't really be twins, though. Kind of, but not the same as natural twins. I don't really know how that works."

"I guess we'll find out if it happens." Asher grinned, then continued scanning through the pamphlet. "Is this... what do they do?" he asked. "I mean, I know what they do, but how does this work? Is there any danger? Risks? Is it... I don't want to ask you to do anything that's dangerous, Jessika. I know that couples do this often when infertility is an issue, but that isn't the kind of situation we're in. It's unfair to ask you to do anything too risky."

I smiled at him and put my hand on his arm. "No, no. It's... well, she said it's painful, but besides that I think it's safe. It's not a simple procedure, but they're experienced, and..."

My face burned red and I couldn't believe I was about to do what I was about to do. I'd thought of it, considered doing something like this, but it was more a fantasy than anything else. Or was it? No, I...

I shifted on the doctor's table and shimmied my skirt up until it was at the tops of my thighs by my waist. "They insert a needle in here," I said, patting the crotch of my pink panties. "There's a suction device on the other end and they just suck as many eggs up as possible. There's more to it than that, but that's the general idea."

Asher looked at me hard, his face turning white. He gulped. "Jessika, that's... um..."

I smiled at him, serene, acting as if nothing was wrong. I stayed the way I was, keeping myself revealed to him. "I imagine it's easier on your end. Sperm's easier to get ahold of."

He laughed a little, lightening up. "Yes, I imagine so. Did I hear right before? You're on birth control?"

I nodded. "Better safe than sorry, right? I guess it worked out for this, too, so that's good."

He moved closer to me, putting a hand on my thigh. "I was worried before. I kind of, when we, um. You know? After the photography? I know the odds are low, but I was worried maybe you'd get pregnant from that. I don't know what I would've told Beatrice then. I'm still a little worried."

"You don't have to be," I said. I reached for his cheek and rested my hand on his face, touching him. He felt so warm and soft, with a hint of stubble. I caressed his cheek and looked into his eyes. "I promise, it's fine. I understand. I can't get pregnant right now, so there's no need to worry."

"I know," he said, leaning towards me. "You're so beautiful. Beatrice would never wear underwear like that. That's the wrong thing to say, isn't it? I don't know why I'm saying it."

"It's alright," I said. I felt so strange right now, as if I were someone else entirely. Was I really doing this? "I wore them for you."

That did it. I don't know what I expected, but Asher satisfied every possible positive outcome I ever could have dreamed of. He swooped in and kissed me, his mouth hard on mine. Fast and urgent, he put one arm behind my back and held me up while his chest and lips and face tried to push me backwards. I returned the kiss, needy and wanting. I grabbed at his dress shirt and pulled him towards me, for all the good it did; Asher was already pressed tight against me with no space between us.

"I'd like to go over the procedure," he said, pausing our kiss and whispering into my lips.

"Are you my doctor?" I asked with a slight smirk.

"It's always good to get a second opinion."

He kissed me again, his mouth opening and his tongue joining mine. I closed my eyes and languished in it, in his aggression and passion. Guided by pure impulse, I spread my legs when he squeezed my thigh with his free hand. My lips adored him, couldn't get enough of him, and I felt like it was impossible to do anything but kiss and touch and tease him. He kept me on the brink of passion, teasing me by pulling away. Just a slight bit, but enough that I came forward and inched my way back towards him. When I was sitting straight up he made his move.

His hand between my thighs crept closer and closer to the center of my being. Caught off guard and heady with lust, I never noticed it until he made it quite a bit more known. His fingers curled underneath the frill and lace of my pink chiffon panties and tugged them away from my arousal-slick sex. Teasing my slit, running a finger up and down and between my lower lips, he pushed me over the edge. I went willingly, ecstatically, gyrating my h*ps on the table and scooting towards the literal edge of it.

"This is for-" he said in between frantic kisses, "-medical purposes, of course."

"Yes," I said, more of an exhaled breath than a word. "Yes, I know." The door was closed, we were in the room alone, and we had nothing to worry about. Nothing to worry about for now, at least; consequences always came after the fact.

I grabbed at his belt and scrambled to unbuckle it. While I did, Asher pushed one finger inside me, teasing at my inner walls. He curled his finger, gently pulling, pressing against me. I scrambled all the faster, finally getting his belt undone. Without a moment of hesitation, I unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down. Hidden behind his boxers, his c*ck sprang to attention, the head just barely jutting out from the slit in the front of his tented underwear.

"Please," I said, practically begging. "I need your second opinion."

"Shh," he said. "I'm the one in charge here. I'll tell you what you need."

He moved away from me and pressed a finger against my lips, the same finger that was just inside me. Acting on instinct, desperately wanting him, I licked his finger and tasted myself on him. It was sweet and sticky and a little strange but I liked it.

I think it surprised him to see me like that, so debauched and sexual. It surprised me, too.

Asher grabbed his c*ck and weaved it through the slit in the front of his boxers. So hard and hot and sexy, I wanted him so badly. I watched him, stared at his erection, seeing what he might do. Waddling towards the edge of the table, pants around his ankles, he pulled my thighs further apart and held them against his hips. His c*ck bounced up, the side touching against the front fabric of my panties, the head pointing towards my navel.

He held my leg in one of his hands while his other hand pulled aside my undergarment. With my glistening slit revealed, he needed no further invitation. He looked at me with lust-filled eyes and nodded. The idea, the situation, my head filled with scenes of provocative allure. And then we made a scene of our own, something real instead of fantasy.

With dainty fingers, I guided his c*ck to the entrance of my slit. Asher was much less dainty in his actions and he pushed into me. I gasped, shocked and delighted at his body's sexual demands. He thrust into me, a quick pound, and then pulled nearly all the way out. I wanted more, him inside me always, and I pulled at his hips, pleading with him with my eyes.

He gave me everything, all of him. This time slower, tantalizing. He eased his c*ck inside of me half of the way and then thrust in harshly the other half. I gasped again and grabbed his sides, trying to hold him inside me. My p**sy clenched against him, squeezing, hoping to keep him there forever.

"This," he said, his voice rugged, "is a simpler procedure, and far less painful. In fact, most patients find it quite enjoyable."

"Yessss," I hissed.

He pulled out of me and slammed back in, this time making the table beneath me shake. My body quivered against his and I nearly fell off the table, but he placed his hands under my ass and held me up. I wrapped my legs around his waist and dug my fingers into the fabric of his shirt.

"We shouldn't be doing this," he said, thrusting hard into me. "I know that, but I can't... I don't..."

Despite what he couldn't or didn't want to do, he kept doing it very well. "Asher," I whimpered. "Please. I need you. You're going to be a father. Show me, please."

He leaned down and touched his nose against mine, looking me in the eyes. I looked up at him, breathing hard and heavy, staring at him. He looked so intense, so demanding. He thrust into me again and again, erratic and unstoppable.

It was fast and unromantic and sloppy, but that was a huge part of the appeal to me. Two people, both needing each other so badly that they couldn't wait, still mostly fully clothed and fooling around on the padded table in an in vitro facility. I wondered if anyone had ever done this before as a sort of last ditch effort. Good luck, perhaps, a different way of producing results. I would have liked that, too. A miracle, or something like it.

"Please," I begged him. "Cum inside me. I want you to. Please, Asher."

He scrunched up his face as if making a decision. His thrusts slowed, becoming more elegant and pronounced. His c*ck hit every wonderful part inside of me at this point, angled upwards and sliding back and forth across the rugged flesh of my g-spot. I could feel the beginnings of my orgasm, making themselves known and inquiring about entry. Yes, of course, I thought to myself. Come right in.

"Jessika," Asher said, his face twisted in pleasure. "I can't. The doctor. You need to, after..."

"I don't care, I don't care," I said, hasty. "No, don't, no."

He thrust inside of me one last time, slamming me back against the table. My cli**x crashed into me, sending me into a blissful state of unawareness. My inner walls clutched against Asher's cock, urging him to stay, welcoming his seed in its natural state. In vitro fertilization was good, but maybe we should practice with the real thing first, right?

But, no. Asher remained in control of himself and pulled out of me. I tried to stop him, held him tight with my hands, but he managed to loosen my fingers enough to free himself. Just barely, almost not enough, and as soon as his c*ck slipped free of my p**sy his own orgasm flared up. I looked down, captivated by his thick, bulging erection trapped between my thighs. His cockhead seemed to strain against itself, growing and flexing, and then he let loose a stream of cum. His sticky seed splashed against my pink panties, leaving a line of white goo. Then another, and one more, and a final, tiny amount that clung to the head of his quivering cock.

My orgasm matched his rhythm, tensing and growing with every shot of his cream. The scene in front of me, the naughtiness of what we'd just done, it fueled my fantasies. I shivered and spasmed on the table, and while I wanted him inside of me, filling me, some vague part of me knew he was right. The doctor would need to do some preliminary exams, and most likely that involved scoping out my lower region. No matter how much cleaning up we did after the fact, she'd probably suspect something if she saw the remnants of a recent sexual encounter. And would she tell Beatrice?

Asher finished spurting, but apparently he wasn't finished with me. Grabbing my panties again, catching me off guard, he pulled them aside and thrust himself inside of me. Once, twice, again. My orgasm soared back to life, caught up in his need, and I clenched against him. No one had ever done this with me before. Granted, every man I'd been with before now had always worn a condom, too.

I bucked my h*ps against Asher, riding him to another peak of pleasure. He slammed into me, hard and urgent, fighting against the clock and trying to force me to orgasm again. I felt him flex inside of me, straining to keep his c*ck hard enough to satisfy me. He could have remained perfectly still and let me bask in the feel of him inside me for all I cared; it probably would have done the same thing.

Still, his c*ck was softening, which was kind of exciting in its own way. This man, this desirous, aloof man who had no reason to even look at me twice, was doing everything in his power to please me. I could not stop him and he refused to accept anything else from me. The idea of it, the heady, drunken feeling it gave me, flung me over the edge.

I could still feel him inside me, pushing, his c*ck returning to normal, but it was a more subtle feeling now. Not that it mattered, though, because I was in the full throes of cli**x once again. I pulled at him and he didn't move away this time, merely kept himself inside me. The wall of my p**sy squeezed and hugged against his c*ck while he embraced me. I rode through my pleasure, eyes closed, languishing in the delightful sensation of it.

As I was coming down, indulging in the afterglow, Asher's c*ck still tucked neatly inside me, someone knocked on the door.

"Asher?" a woman asked. "Are you in there?"

Beatrice. His wife.

"Shit," he said. Pulling away from me, he bent down and wrenched his pants up. His fingers, seemingly ungainly and thick all of a sudden, barely managed to button his pants and buckle his belt before Beatrice knocked again.

"Hello? I'm coming in."

Beatrice tried to turn the handle, but the door was locked. I breathed a sigh of relief, thankful for the doctor's office doors; they locked automatically whenever anyone closed them fully, to prevent inopportune entrances during potentially awkward examinations. Asher and I might have benefited from this in a less legitimate way, but it worked out nonetheless.

I hopped up and grabbed a handful of paper towels from above a hand washing sink and rubbed them against the fabric of my panties trying to scrub away Asher's seed.

"Sorry, Beatrice," Asher said. "These doors lock on their own. Jessika and I were just discussing the procedure. Hold on, let me figure this door out."

"It's just a lock," she said. "How hard can it be? Let me in."

He looked at me, his expression full of panic. I shrugged and flailed my hands to the side, a sort of "I don't know!" gesture. Somewhat satisfied with my progress in cleaning up our mess, I threw the paper towels into a trash basket, fixed my panties and skirt, and jumped back onto the cushioned table.

"The locks can be tricky sometimes," I said, overly loud and nervous. I said it for Asher's benefit, but as soon as I did I felt like it sounded like something a bad actor might say.

Asher toyed with the door handle and the lock. Confused, he looked at me and whispered, "I really don't know how to open this. Help?"

Oh God, oh God, this was getting worse by the minute. I rushed over to the door and stared at the handle. Asher pulled on it and poked something. The door handle had a switch and a button, but neither of them looked ready to do anything but stay in place.

"Is everything alright?" our doctor asked from far away down the hall.

"The door is stuck," Beatrice said. "What kind of shoddy facility is this?"

If the doctor was annoyed, she didn't sound it. "It's a security measure," she said.

"Do you think my husband is going to steal from you? He makes more in a day than everyone in this office combined makes in a year."

The doctor ignored her. "If you'll allow me, I can unlock the door with this key. It's not that we don't trust anyone, but it's the type of door we have. I told your husband and Jessika to page me through the in-room intercom system when they were ready. There's no need to worry, Mrs. Landseer."

"Hurry," Beatrice said. "Right now."

The doctor put the key into the keyhole and the button on our side of the door popped out. A twist of the handle later and the door opened. A very angry looking Beatrice and a slightly irritated looking doctor stood on the other side.

"Well," Beatrice said, stomping inside. "That's a first. No one has ever mistaken me for a thief before. I'm quite surprised to say the least."

I wanted to say something, primarily to correct her and mention that no one had mistaken her for a thief, but I suppressed my urge. This was probably a good time to let Beatrice think whatever she wanted, because it saved Asher and I the need to explain anything. Because, really, I didn't even know how to begin to explain any of it.

Beatrice sniffed at the air, wrinkling her nose. The smell of sex was extremely obvious to me, and I knew at that moment that she'd figure it out. Everything, all at once, no more hiding, and...

"I despise the smell of hospitals," she said. "Even here. Ugh. It has a distinct stale smell. Far too crisp and pervasive, like someone's gone through the entire room with four different kinds of disinfectant spray."

"You're welcome to wait in the waiting room, Mrs. Landseer," the doctor said with a smile.

"I'll pass." Beatrice put her nose up at the very thought. "I would rather not wait with the huddled masses."

Huddled masses? I thought maybe she was being a bit over the top with that one, or maybe it was a joke? But, no, Beatrice looked completely serious. In fact, after she said it, I could've sworn she peered at me out of the corner of her eye. Then she looked away-if she'd even looked at me in the first place-and settled into one of the chairs in the room.

"I think Jessika and I went over most concerns we might have with the procedure and the consent papers," Asher said. "Is there another room where Beatrice and I can talk while you do the examination, or...?"

The doctor put on a saccharine sweet smile and shook her head. Clearly she didn't want to put up with this. "Oh, no, you two stay here. I can take Ms. Fevrier to another room. I'll have someone clear out the huddled masses beforehand, so don't you worry."

With that, the doctor stepped into the hallway and beckoned for me to follow. Asher refrained from laughing, but Beatrice looked completely astounded.

"Did she really just say that?" Beatrice asked Asher as I walked out of the room and followed the doctor. "What kind of place is this, Asher? I don't think we should be consorting with these types of people. They seem unsafe."

I stifled a laugh. "I'm sorry about that," I said. "I think she's always like that. It's probably nothing personal."

"Oh, I'm sure she is," the doctor said. "I don't really care. I don't have to deal with her."

...

Asher was, perhaps, the luckiest man in the world. Or the unluckiest, depending on how someone saw it.

Why had he done what he did with Jessika? And, especially, why had he done it in the patient room at the in vitro center? Impulse, probably, pure and animalistic. My God, those panties! He didn't want to come across as crude, but a woman like Jessika in panties like that could make even a steadfast priest rescind his vows. The lace and frills, a cute and tantalizing facade for the sexiness beneath. He was, perhaps, a complete sucker for the illusion of innocence. Jessika was anything but that, though.

Or, more precisely, she was innocent, but not in a usual way. She was curious and insightful and interesting. He loved that about her. She didn't just want to know, she needed to know. And he was fairly certain that she'd done all of that on purpose. That didn't forgive him for what he did, but he accepted it for what it was. She wanted to know what happened if she tempted him? Well, for any other person he could resist temptation, but there was something about Jessika that ruined his resolve.

It hurt, though. Afterwards, talking with Beatrice in the patient room, he felt a distinct pang of regret. And arousal. Just a few minutes earlier he'd taken Jessika upon the very table on which he now sat. His imagination created evidence out of nothing, concocting an obvious wet spot on the table and convincing him that Beatrice was spending far too much time staring at the trash can. He didn't actually think she looked at the trash can more than once, and only with vague disinterest, but...

"Asher," Beatrice said. "I really think we should find another doctor. I don't think this place has the right amount of prestige for our liking."

He sighed. "There's no place better. Doctor Fairheart is one of the best, too. She has a very high success rate with this and she knows what she's doing. I did my research and she answered my questions satisfactorily when I spoke with her on the phone the other day. It was just a fluke with the lock. It's nothing to worry about."

"But her tone," Beatrice said. "She's so... so... uncouth!"

Asher laughed. "I'm sure you'd like her if you got to know her. Shall I invite her to dinner? That might be nice, don't you think? Jeremy can join us, and Jessika, of course."

"Ugh. Please don't even joke about that. The next thing you're going to suggest is we all gather in the living room and watch a movie together while eating pizza."

"That would be nice," Asher said, thinking back to when he'd done that exact thing with Jessika just a few nights past.

"Why can't you be serious?" Beatrice asked. She furrowed her brow and glared at him. "Maybe I'm overexaggerating a tiny bit, but I still don't know if we can trust her. I just wish you'd be more serious, though. This is a very serious procedure and a life-changing event. Do you want to have some child with severe deformities? I don't know about you, but I couldn't handle it. I just couldn't."

...

With the doctor's visit behind me, and Beatrice apparently calmed down enough to have a normal conversation, the rest of the day passed uneventfully. I went back with Jeremy to Asher's guest house. Beatrice and Asher went to the main house, presumably to talk or something. How should I know? I was glad to be away from her, since it gave me time to think and it made me less nervous.

"So, sounds like you had a great time," Jeremy said.

I rolled my eyes while he grinned at me. "Why is she like that?"

"Couldn't say." Jeremy shrugged. "I guess she's always been that way? She's the kind of rich person that you can tell is a rich person, because she won't let you think otherwise. Asher's kind of obvious when he suits up, trying to look nice for business, but otherwise you probably couldn't tell. Like when he plays basketball he just looks regular, you know? Beatrice never wants to even consider being regular, let alone looking it. That's just how she is."

"I guess I can understand," I said. "I mean, I don't really understand it, but maybe if I were rich I'd understand better. I suppose when you have the money, you can do whatever you like. Not that it's right, but why should she care? She's rich."

"Right. Yeah, that might be it."

I sighed and fell onto the couch, staring at the ceiling. "I want some cheesecake," I said, completely out of the blue.

"Oh yeah?" Jeremy asked.

"Yes. Caramel pecan turtle cheesecake like they have at The Cheesecake Factory sometimes. Mmmmm..."

"You want to go?"

"...with the chocolate icing swirls on the edge and the lines of caramel drizzled on the top and..."

"Look, lady, you want to go get some food or what? I'm starving over here after driving some chick around all day and I could go for a bite to eat."

"Did you just call me a chick?" I asked.

"If the shoe fits."

"What kind of shoe does a chick even wear? Are we talking about a baby chicken or are you being some chauvinist pig?" I couldn't help but grin, even though I tried to say everything as serious as possible.

Jeremy smirked. "If you were a chicken, this might be easier. You could just lay an egg for Asher and let Beatrice sit on it."

"That wouldn't be nearly as fun as hav**g s*x with him," I blurted out.

Jeremy nearly died laughing. "You really need a boyfriend or something. Pining after a married billionaire is probably not the best use of your time. You know it's never going to work out, right?"

I frowned a bit. It was true, but... "Probably. I know."

"Ah, well, they used to say the world was flat, too. You never know?" Then, holding out his hand to help me off the couch, he said, "So, food?"

"Can we have the cheesecake first?" I asked. "And then our meal. Then more cheesecake, maybe."

Jeremy lifted me off the couch. "Are you pregnant already? Should I get you some pickles and ice cream, too?"

"Ugh, no." I jumped up and ran to the door. "Actually, do you think they make pickle cheesecake? I bet they do somewhere. I don't want any, but I think that'd be interesting to try. At least once, you know? To say you did it."

"I think I'd rather never say I tried pickle cheesecake," Jeremy said as he opened the door for me. "Let's stick with the caramel pecan turtle variety."

...

Dinner was nice. Jeremy and I talked about this and that while we ate. I relented and accepted the fact that dessert should come after dinner, but not without a bit of a fight. Not much of one, but a little. It didn't matter too much, since my Santa Fe salad and grilled chicken and avocado club sandwich more than made up for the lack of a cheesecake appetizer. The cheesecake was delicious, though; I ordered a piece to go.

And then Jeremy paid for dinner with one of Asher's credit cards. I felt bad and I wanted to pay, but I didn't have a lot of spare money at the moment.

"Eh, don't worry about it," Jeremy said. "As long as we bring back something for Asher, he won't mind. He's a cheesesteak and apple crisp sort of guy, so I'm sure he'll be happy."

"I guess," I said. Still, that didn't make me feel better about it.

We left. In the car, Jeremy said, "I feel bad sometimes, too, but that's how Asher likes it. I mean, what are we supposed to do? He gets upset if he finds out that I paid for something like this on my own. And then what? I feel bad all over again. It makes him happy to pay for food and stuff like that, so why not?"

I sighed and tried not to frown, tried to think of it from Asher's point of view. "I suppose. It is nice to treat friends sometimes. Me and my friends do that. We don't go anywhere fancy, though. To the movies or whatever, that kind of thing."

"Yeah," Jeremy said. "It's almost the same, I think. Kind of."

Once we arrived back at the Landseer estate, Jeremy tossed me a key. "There you go, lady. Your very own key. Don't lose it, it cost two bucks."

"Whoa!" I said, pretending to be impressed. "Big spender."

"Yeah, I know." He grinned. "I'm going to bring this food to Asher. I'm sure I'll see you tomorrow. Have a good night."

"You too."

I waved and Jeremy waved back, then he started walking down the gravel pathway to the main house. I stood in the chill evening air for a moment, holding my take-home cheesecake container, thinking. I had a lot to think about lately. I was probably doing too much, I decided. Too much, except I felt compelled to do it all, too. Something, a feeling, maybe women's intuition. Or maybe just naive stupidity. Either one probably fit.

Trudging towards the guest house, I shuffled my feet and kicked at the gravel walkway. My casual heels scuffled against the hardened path when I kicked at it with the toes of my shoes, and my progress towards the house was slow but it gave me a little more time to think. If Beatrice saw me, she might think I was some child or something. Look at Jessika. What is she doing? She's ruining perfectly good shoes and acting immature to boot.

Oh well. I didn't really care what she thought. She couldn't be much older than me, and yet she acted like she was. Except, of course, when I heard her in the bookstore. Then she sounded happier, almost chipper. Granted, she was with Solomon and plotting against Asher, so it wasn't exactly the right kind of happiness, but I knew she could be a different person. Why wasn't she, though?

I opened the door to Asher's guest house with the key Jeremy gave me and stepped inside. Kicking off my shoes and leaving them to the side, I locked the door and left the key on the kitchen counter. Now what? Life was so hectic and today had been more hectic still. I desperately needed to relax.

The library sounded perfect, so I went downstairs. Flipping the light switch on, I breathed in deep and admired the shelves around me. It really was a perfect kind of place, I thought. Not the best ever, nothing like a classic library, but it was quaint and quiet and hidden away. The perfect spot for relaxing. It was a good place to think and prepare.

Right now I just wanted to read, though. I did like the book I'd browsed through the other day, so I decided to look for the first. Kushiel's Dart, I guess? I assumed Asher had it, and it was probably somewhere by where the second book had been, but I didn't notice it when I first checked. I walked over to the shelf, one of the ones in the middle, and scanned through the bindings looking for familiar script.

Maybe it was on one of the bookshelves to the left or right? The one on the right was the shelf that swung open, the one that Asher came through the other night. Quite a surprise, that; I hadn't expected anything like it. I perused the shelves, looking for the book, and...

My God. Everything fit. I didn't know how I hadn't thought of this before.

The bookshelf swung open somehow with a mechanism built into the floor. I'd seen the casing and watched Asher push it into place that night after he'd slipped through. And obviously the hidden doorway behind the bookshelf led to a passageway that went to the main house. Presumably only Asher knew about this, or maybe a select few others. It seemed like the kind of thing he might keep secret, though how should I know?

That didn't matter so much, but what did matter was the privacy of it. The passageway was a perfect route into the main house. I could use it to sneak in without rousing suspicion or making myself known. And, once inside, I could go to Beatrice's room and look for any clues or evidence about her and Solomon's plans. On her computer, or paperwork in her desk, or whatever. I didn't know what exactly I needed to find, but if I could do this thing and get inside her room I thought I might find something.

Maybe if I was lucky there was a hidden door in Beatrice's room, too. I imagined some fancy wardrobe like the children in The Chronicles of Narnia used, with a loose backing that opened up into Asher's secret pathways. Probably not quite as magical as C.S. Lewis's version, but curious nonetheless.

Also, there it was. I snatched up Kushiel's Dart and carried it over to the blanket-covered couch. Plopping onto the cushions and covering myself with blankets, I opened the book and started to read.

This was going to work, I told myself. Read some, relax, rest up and give myself time to think, and then tomorrow when Asher left for work and Beatrice went out to do whatever she usually did, I'd sneak into her room and scope the place out.

I was positive I'd find something. What was the worst that could happen? A lot, actually. I needed to be very very careful.

His Absolute Passion

I peeked past the window curtains in the master bedroom on the second floor of Asher Landseer's guest home, waiting and watching. I'd declined an invitation for breakfast from Asher(and supposedly Beatrice, though I doubted she wanted me there) in order to do this. Jeremy came to ask, since Asher was busy with a phone call at the time. Before Jeremy left, I made sure to ask if Beatrice and Asher were going out for the day.

"Asher?" Jeremy had said. "Yeah, of course he is. Work and everything. It's not even a job to him, it's practically an obsession. I think Beatrice is leaving, too. I don't know for sure, but I doubt she'll stick around. She doesn't like to stay in one place often if she can. Why?"

I made up an excuse. I forgot exactly what I said, but I'm sure it made no sense. Jeremy rolled his eyes at me and laughed, but left it at that.

He knew to some extent. He knew that I wanted to try and figure out what Beatrice Landseer and Solomon Royce were up to. They had a plan, something to do with ruining Landseer Enterprises and then subsequently running off together after Beatrice divorced Asher because of false accusations. I was a part of those accusations, or so I guessed. They wanted to denounce Asher for infidelity all while committing the exact same act.

Granted, Beatrice and Solomon wanted to do this without evidence, or mere circumstantial facts. I doubted it'd be too difficult to do, either. I had agreed to act as an egg donor and surrogate mother for Beatrice, which made the idea of Asher and I sleeping together a simpler concept to swallow. Neither Solomon nor Beatrice knew that Asher and I had actually slept together already(technically only twice, for what that was worth). None of this really helped my case. I knew I shouldn't have done it, knew I shouldn't have tempted him, but, my God, it was so difficult.

It was even easier when I learned that Beatrice cared nothing for Asher. Why should he stay in a marriage like that? He didn't know it yet, but he wouldn't be staying in it for long. And then what?

It didn't matter. I didn't care what happened in the end, if Asher hated me or wanted me to leave or whatever; it didn't matter. Because this wasn't about that. Asher was, more than anything, someone I cared about. Silly, maybe, because I hadn't known him for too long, but I didn't care. We talked, we understood each other a little. I wanted to understand him so much more, too. I wanted to be there, to be someone he could count on, to listen to him and for him to listen to me, to share with each other.

What I really wanted was for Asher to be happy, though. And what Beatrice intended was to absolutely destroy every single hope and dream he had. She lied about her infertility, she lied about who she went on her constant vacations with, and she'd lied at their wedding ceremony. She must have promised, must have said the vows, to love and honor him every day of her life. Except she'd never done it, not once.

Maybe Asher hadn't loved her like a husband should love a wife, but he at least tried. He wanted to make Beatrice happy, and he did everything in his power to do it. He let her go, let her do as she liked, and the only thing he wanted in return was a child. She'd stolen that away from him, too, paying off a doctor to lie to Asher and tell him that she was infertile. Still, he never gave up hope, never said anything bad about her.

It infuriated me. I clenched my jaw, thinking about it, getting worked up and annoyed even further. I almost missed the cars leaving the parking garage out front.

The first was Jeremy, who was driving Asher to Landseer Tower. They both sat in the front seat this time, as opposed to when Asher and I had sat in the back seat while Jeremy drove us from the Japanese restaurant to Asher's guest home the first night I'd ever visited here. I watched them drive off, chatting amicably to one another, saying this or that. I wondered if maybe they were talking about me, if Asher wanted to know how I was, why I'd missed breakfast, and if I'd said anything about him.

Then, after Jeremy drove away through the gated entrance, Beatrice pulled out of the garage. She drove herself. Easier to keep her schemes a secret if she didn't have anyone tagging along with her, I thought. She wore wide-lens sunglasses and looked pissed off for no apparent reason. Not that this was any different from how she usually looked, but it was almost comical seeing her like this. In a car, alone, driving away, and mad. Mad that she couldn't just be rid of Asher right now? Mad that she couldn't divorce him for no reason and expect to take half of his assets afterwards? Yes, probably, and also mad because she was a bitch. That's just how those types of people acted.

I knew I shouldn't think that, no matter how much I disliked her. My mother would highly disapprove, anyways. But sometimes, vulgar or not, people needed to say it like it was. Right? Beatrice was not a nice person and I didn't like her because of it.

I did like that she was gone now, though. With her and Asher away, it gave me the perfect chance to sneak into the basement library, figure out the secret doorway that led into an underground passage connecting Asher's guest home with the main house, and then find and enter Beatrice's room to look for clues as to her wicked plans against Asher.

I could've asked Jeremy to help, and I think he would have. Except it was better this way, I decided. If I involved him, then who knew what kind of trouble he might get into? This wasn't a fail-safe plan, really. If someone saw me in Beatrice's room, that was it. Not only would it ruin my chances at realizing Beatrice and Solomon's plans, but if Jeremy came with me he'd be pulled into this, too. Without evidence, without some idea of what they were up to, Asher had every right to be angry with me if someone caught me snooping around his mansion.

And I didn't want to include Jeremy in that without good reason. I should do this on my own and take full responsibility for anything bad that came of it.

I took a deep breath, readying myself for what I was about to do. Probably something dumb and insane, but oh well. And I needed to change outfits.

I rushed to the closet and poked through the clothes Asher had given me. I highly doubted I'd find a femme fatale spy outfit in here, but maybe, who knew, right? And, no, I didn't find one, but I found a cute pair of grey sweatpants and a white tanktop. Not quite spy material, or sneaking clothes for that matter, but I thought range of movement for this kind of thing was important.

I slipped out of my pajama pants and t-shirt and into the new clothes. The sweatpants clung tight to my legs and accentuated my butt, while the tanktop was looser. For future reference as to what a spy should look like(or probably not look like), I checked myself out in the mirror in the bathroom.

"Whoa, this is hot." I spun around. I had some curves! I imagined going for a jog with Asher, teasing him as we ran on a path through the woods, then coming back here afterwards. Worked up and sweaty, ready for more, he'd toss me onto the bed and peel these very sweatpants down my legs, revealing my glistening sex. And...

Alright, no time for that. I pulled myself away from the mirror and trudged into the bedroom, acting the part of a woman determined. Putting on some sneakers(for sneaking), I bounced downstairs, then down another set of stairs, and ran to the middle of the library.

I knew which shelf moved out to reveal the hidden doorway, but I didn't know how to move it. It wasn't really a thing that Asher explained, or cared to talk about. He just kind of showed up one night, surprised me, pushed the bookshelf back into place, and then...

And then we'd done some things. Some things that I shouldn't think about right now, because I needed to focus on the task at hand instead of riling myself up.

Maybe one of the books? I poked and prodded at every book in the bookcase, pulling them out and pushing them in, thinking maybe it was like in the movies. How did that even work, though? It looked cool on the big screen, but the logistics behind it made no sense to me. More likely there was a keypad or remote somewhere, and through my vast knowledge of spy movies I realized exactly where it should be.

I scanned the book spines, checking them carefully. Yes, that one was fine, and that, and that, and...

Yes! I pulled a hardbound edition of One Thousand and One Nights from the bookshelf and opened it up. It was hollowed out in the center, pages cut expertly from the book. In their place lay a remote console. I pushed the red power button at the top left and the electronics sparked to life.

"Password?" the remote asked me in black blinking letters.

I typed in my answer. "O-P-E-N-S-E-S-A-M-E."

The remote buzzed at me and blinked "Wrong Password!" twice. A hint showed up at the top of the LCD: "Two words."

I tried again, leaving a space in between "Open" and "Sesame."

"Wrong Password!" blinked twice, then, "Another incorrect password will lock this console and send an email alert to the owner. Continue with caution."

It asked me for the password again.

I should have shut it down. I should have turned it off and put the book back where it belonged. Obviously the password wouldn't be something so simple! Granted, the remote was in the book with the story about Ali Baba and his forty thieves, but still. That part made sense and was clever in a cliche way, but making the password the same as the story was just asking for trouble.

So, then, what was it? If I answered wrong, Asher would know what I'd done, or planned to do. And then what? Would he think I wanted to steal from him? What could I tell him? Nothing. I had no real reason I could give him that would explain why I wanted to use his secret passageway to sneak into his main house. If I told him about Beatrice and Solomon without evidence of their wrongdoings, then he'd think I was crazy.

And, that was it. No more. I wasn't anyone special or important. I was Jessika Fevrier, some woman way in over her head. I was nothing more than a woman who enjoyed books(perhaps a bit too much), and had fallen head over heels in love with a man who was so far above me it was ridiculous. What did I have to offer him? What could he possibly gain from me? Asher was rich, a billionaire, and while Beatrice didn't love him, she at least came from a good family. She was well-educated and traveled and knew a lot about traversing the upper echelons of society.

I was Jessika and I was clumsy and when I went to put One Thousand and One Nights back into the bookcase I dropped it. The book slipped out of my hands and began its descent to the floor. I stared at it, caught off guard and surprised. The book opened on its way downwards, flipping around so the pages were revealed to me, facing up. It thudded onto the carpet and beeped at me.

"Password?" it asked.

I stared at the book. If the book could, it probably stared back at me. This was something, something important, and I thought I should know it, but I wasn't quite sure.

"No way," I said, but I had to try it. Stumbling to the floor, not even bothering to pick the book up, I pressed in the password.

"D-A-N-T-E-'-S space> I-N-F-E-R-N-O."

The remote beeped and the bookcase clicked. The shelves popped out, sliding away from the wall on the unhinged section, enough for me to grab a handle on the side. I pulled the bookcase the rest of the way, opening the whole thing and revealing the hidden doorway behind it.

"Wow," I said. "Wow. I'm good."

Good or lucky or I don't even know. It didn't matter right now. I had access! Access into the passageway, access into the main house, and hopefully access into Beatrice's room. I'd guessed the password out of sheer luck and fate, but I still had a lot more to do.

I opened the door into the hidden underground passageway and stepped inside.

...

"Asher," Jeremy said while driving to Landseer Tower. "Do you ever think something's up? Maybe something's wrong?"

"What do you mean?" Asher asked.

"You know, like with Beatrice? She's always gone. She's not very friendly with anyone. I mean, she's a little more friendly with you, but not by much..."

"I don't know." Asher sighed. "I thought maybe it was how everything happened at first. Maybe she didn't expect it to turn out this way. I know I didn't, but it's not all bad, right? I try to give her space and I thought she'd come around, but it never happened. I don't really know what to think now. I'm still trying, though."

"Yeah, but why? I'm not saying you should divorce her or anything, but why not talk to her? Like, maybe divorce would be a good option, even. If you're both not getting what you expected out of a marriage, then it's not a terrible thing to cut your losses and go your own way with no hard feelings."

"It's not that simple," Asher said. "There's a lot at stake here. It's not just the marriage, but the company, too. Beatrice is a major shareholder and even if she's not involved in day-to-day business, she has benefactors working on her behalf. If we separated and she left the company entirely, the divorce proceedings could get out of hand. I know that it might be easier for both of us in regards to happiness, but then what? I'm heavily invested into Landseer Enterprises and she isn't. This is a purely business standpoint, but she could potentially set the company back by decades if she wanted to be vindictive."

"Yeah," Jeremy said. "I can understand that. It's as good a reason as any. Seems like a terrible reason to stay with her, though. Isn't marriage about love and happiness and all that? Saying that you need her to keep your corporation afloat is sort of the opposite of that. I'm not going to say you should just up and get rid of everything and be poor, but there's got to be some way that everything can work out in the end."

"I... I try. I really do. We're just two very different people. I still try, and I think Beatrice is trying, too. She's accepting this surrogacy situation very well, all things considered. Beatrice isn't very open-minded about much and she doesn't enjoy obtuse, creative solutions, so..."

"What about Jessika?" Jeremy asked.

"Jessika's wonderful," Asher said. "She's been really accepting during all of this. I enjoy her company a lot, too. Maybe Beatrice and her can spend more time together, too. Maybe... maybe it'll help? I don't know."

"You're thinking from a business point of view again, Asher. To use your own words, that's an obtuse creative solution. Except, you know, sometimes it's better to keep it simple. You don't always need to do something the hard way just because you can."

Asher frowned. He didn't know what he should do, or how he should do it. During important business meetings he could always come up with a plan, and if he didn't know what to do it only took him a little while to concoct a call to action. Business was easy that way. He understood the rules and he knew how to use them to his advantage.

This, though, it wasn't that. Jeremy was right. Jessika wasn't some rule to be understood, a piece of a puzzle that he needed to set into place. Jessika was so much more than that. And, truthfully, Beatrice was, too. It was just so difficult. What should he do and why should he do it? He didn't have a plan and there was no call to action. It was him, alone, a corporation of one, needing to decide the future for himself.

He needed to figure things out fast.

...

The inside of the passageway was easy to traverse. Whoever had built it made it more simplistic than otherwise, with emergency-style maps placed at even intervals along the hallways. It didn't split off into different routes often, and when it did there were easy-to-read signs explaining which way was which. Very logical and nice and it helped me a lot in figuring out where I was going.

Apparently, as far as I could tell, the passageways went to every major point in the Landseer main house. I checked a map to make sure and saw exits at all the rooms I knew. The dining hall, the front foyer, Asher's bedroom, even Jeremy's room. And then, of course, Beatrice's bedroom. Down the hall from Asher's, clearly indicated on the map and easy to find.

I walked there while the dim light from emergency floodlights glared onto me, illuminating the pathways and leaving a large shadow behind me. It felt like I was somewhere in a horror movie, almost, escaping the zombie plague. Not the best of thoughts to have while on a mission like this, but the idea stuck.

Once I arrived at the doorway to Beatrice Landseer's room, I paused. Did it open as easily on the inside as it did when I entered the tunnels from the guest home? And where exactly would I come into her room? What if someone was there cleaning the room and I burst inside? If they saw me, if...

I glanced at a console in the walls. "No motion detected," it said.

Oh, well, that was easy. I tried the handle of the door and it opened just like that. On the other side was a panel that slid away when I touched it. I knew Asher liked this kind of thing, the whole high tech science fiction fantasy feel, but it just seemed so strange. Was I stepping onto a spaceship somewhere or was it Beatrice's room?

It was Beatrice's room. Her walk-in closet to be specific. The panel moved out of place at the back of her closet beside a huge rack of shoes and shelves full of folded towels. I snuck through the closet-the massive closet that was about as long as two of my bathrooms combined-and made my way to the door. I opened it an inch and peeked outside, listening for anyone on the other end, but there was no one.

So, now what?

I stepped into the room and looked around. It was extravagant and excessive, but I expected that. Beatrice owned an old-fashioned four-poster bed that stood high off the ground on stilted legs. The bed had a curtain around it with a canopy above it, and a mirror built into the top so anyone laying on it could look at themselves by looking up. Then she had a private bathroom, currently darkened but with more than a hint of a myriad of feminine luxuries peeking through. A double sink and wall-sized mirror with counters covered in premium skincare products.

The desk with her laptop laying on it was near to the window. Dressers and bureaus sat against one wall, with a sofa against the opposite one, and a wall-mounted TV situated so that she could watch it from the bed or the sofa. Beatrice's room alone was about twice the size of my entire apartment, give or take a regular sized closet or two.

I stopped gaping and convinced myself to check out the laptop. This was probably my best option, right? Except I wasn't some kind of genius computer hacker. I knew spreadsheets and word processing programs and email and the internet, but...

Oh well, I didn't come here for nothing. I lifted the screen and pressed the power button. The laptop wasn't fully shut off, just in sleep mode, and it powered up fast. No password protection, either, just straight to the main screen. Beatrice had left a website up with a description of a hotel in California: the Solage Calistoga.

Adara King studio, I read. She'd selected a twelve day block for her vacation, and then clicked off every single enhancement available. Some of them looked really nice, actually. But, honestly, a prelude to romance on every day? That was nine-hundred dollars extra! Also, I wasn't entirely convinced about the necessity of both chocolate chip sandwiches and a chocolate fondue included in the room.

Six-thousand-six-hundred-and-thirty-two dollars.

I stared at the number. I think I made that much in five months after taxes if I was lucky. Beatrice wanted to spend that much in twelve days. I kind of would have loved to spend that much in twelve days, too, except, well...

Snap out of it, Jessika! I mentally reprimanded myself and forced myself to look away for a second. When I turned back, I minimized the web browser and scanned through the laptop's desktop icons. Beatrice was a minimalist, it seemed, and she had little more than the necessary programs. Not that this meant too much, since maybe she kept everything hidden in folders?

I clicked through My Computer, the Local C: Drive, Users, Beatrice's folder, and then to her documents.

There wasn't much there. She had basic files, but little else. The only thing of some interest was logs of her AOL Instant Messenger conversations, but even that was so wildly random and confusing that I couldn't make much sense of it. I clicked one to check it out, just in case, and saw mostly business-like conversations. Besides having no idea who these people were from their screen names, it didn't look very useful anyways.

I closed that and went back to the Local Drive to see if there was something I'd missed. No sooner than I did, I heard someone at the door. The voice was muffled and it sounded like they were talking on the phone. Passing by, I hoped? Or...

The doorknob wiggled.

"Hold on a moment. I have a lot of bags from shopping. Let me put you down so I can open my door. Just give me a second."

It was Beatrice. I stood in her room, at her desk, spying on her computer right before she was about to walk in.

To the closet! Right. Except, no, it was too far away. I wouldn't make it in time before she walked into the room. The bathroom seemed like an equally bad choice because I had nowhere to hide in there. And what if she wanted to use it? Well, she'd see me, obviously.

In a fit of complete nonsense and randomness, I bolted for the bed, crouched down low just as Beatrice opened the door, and rolled underneath it. Thank God she didn't keep anything under there. That was probably beneath her, I assumed. Only normal people stowed totes of their belongings under their beds, and Beatrice wouldn't stoop to their standards.

I saw her high heels and the lower half of her calves walk into the room. She hurried, placing her bags by her desk. I realized belatedly that I hadn't closed her laptop. She walked over to it, paused for a second, and I was positive she'd realize something was up and start scanning the room for an intruder.

"Yes, I left it up. I wanted to make reservations soon. Solomon, I love this place. We can get the prelude to romance package for every single day of our stay! Isn't that wonderful? There's fresh rose petals scattered throughout the room, with lavender massage oil and an aromatherapy candle. We'll have massages during the day, too, but I think we can find some use for the massage oil and candles after dark, don't you?"

Well, this wasn't what I had in mind, but it worked out somewhat. Here I was, in Beatrice Landseer's room, while she talked on the phone about her future sexcapades with Solomon Royce. Unfortunately I didn't have my phone, or I could have tried recording some of this. Still, maybe she'd mention something better? I had no idea what, but I held out hope.

"I ordered the chocolate fondue, too. I'd rather use it for unconventional purposes, though. Do you think you can handle it, Solomon?" Beatrice clicked her laptop shut and sauntered over to the bed. "I want to melt it and drizzle it all over you."

She sat on the edge of the bed, then lifted her legs up and rolled onto it. I lay hidden beneath her, feeling the weight of her body pushing down slightly against me.

"Are you alone in your office? Yes? Good. Lock your door. I don't want any interruptions."

Beatrice presumably waited until he did that. The sexy talk kind of squicked me out, and I didn't quite feel comfortable with it, but there wasn't much I could do, now was there?

"I'm going to drizzle chocolate fondue all over your cock," Beatrice said into the phone, sultry and seductive. "I'm going to smear it all over you and then lick it off. I'm going to make you cum like that and then I'm going to smear a strawberry in a mix of chocolate and your cream and I'm going to make you eat it."

He must have said something back, though I couldn't hear what it was.

"Let me get my vibrator," she said.

Like some giddy schoolgirl, Beatrice jumped off the bed. She knelt down right beside me and I panicked. Oh God, was her vibrator under the bed? Maybe, probably, and that's where I kept mine, in a shoebox. Fuck.

Thankfully her sex toy wasn't completely under the bed, but just under the mattress. She lifted it up and grabbed it and I prayed to every major religion(though I don't know why any of them would care) to help me out here.

"How hard is your cock?" Beatrice asked after she'd jumped back on the bed.

I saw her panties hit the floor next to me, casually tossed aside by their owner.

"Make it harder," she said. "Harder."

"Oooh, you bad boy. You had a new assistant the other day? Did you f**k her? I love hearing about it. Tell me."

I didn't want to listen, but I had no choice. Also, I kind of did want to listen in a morbidly fascinated sort of way. It wasn't that I wanted to usually, but when put in the position of having no alternative, it suddenly became interesting.

And apparently they were talking about me.

"You did not? You threw her on the couch in your office? My God, then what?"

I slipped! He didn't throw me on his couch! I slipped!

"How wet were her panties? Did you take them all the way off or did you push them aside and finger her hard? No. I don't believe it. You're entire fist?"

This-what the fuck-I was kind of pissed. Besides the obvious annoyance of being stuck in Beatrice's room, hiding under the bed, now I had Solomon completely lying about everything that happened in his office that day. We didn't have sex! We didn't even do anything of the sort, even though it was obvious he'd wanted to.

But Beatrice loved his fabrications. The vibrator buzzed, lively, and she moaned aloud while Solomon told her more about his fake sexual encounter with a temporary assistant. He told Beatrice about how he shoved my chest into the ground and told me to raise my ass up high so he could f**k me like a bitch in heat. Beatrice commented on everything, asking questions through shallow breaths as the vibrator did its work.

"Are you stroking yourself?" she asked. "How hard are you now? I'm close. I want to at the same time."

I silently groaned.

"Alright, alright! I will. Hurry. Did you cum inside her? Tell me you did. That's so sexy."

Apparently in Solomon's version of the story, he completely lambasted my cunt with his potent seed. Beatrice went off the deep end, pounding the vibrator inside of her and screaming Solomon's name into the phone, begging him to f**k her.

Afterwards, she quieted down. The vibrator stopped buzzing and she tossed it off the side of the bed; it landed next to her discarded panties.

"My God, that was hot," she said. "You should see if you can get her back for another day. The stories you tell me about your usual assistant are growing dull. You need to fire her soon. I'm tired of her. What if this new one is pregnant? Wouldn't that be hilarious. Do you know if she had a boyfriend? I'd laugh."

I gritted my teeth. How much of a bitch could someone really be?

"Ah, you have to go. Yes, I understand. No, thank you. That was amazing. You always know how to put me in a good mood. You do have it, right? Yes. Soon. Please. I can't stand this. I want to be done with Asher and move on. Don't just keep it on your desk out in the open. I don't want you to get caught by something stupid like that."

No, no, something, explanations on Solomon's end.

"If you're going to keep it under the lamp, make sure your idiot assistant doesn't go cleaning around there. Not that she's useful in the first place, I'm sure. That's a strange place, but as long as it's not noticeable, I'm fine with it."

The lamp. Solomon's office. I remembered it quite clearly from the time I'd visited. He didn't have much in his office. Mostly a desk, a table to the side with books stacked on it, his couch, a mirror behind that, and a floor lamp next to it. The floor lamp was the kind with a conical base. Presumably hollow in the middle, where he could lift it up and place whatever they were talking about underneath it.

This, I thought, was it. My in. Except how was I supposed to get into Solomon's office, let alone find whatever it was he wanted kept hidden?

...

"No way," Jeremy said. "No f**king way. Are you serious? Is this real life or what the fuck?"

Jeremy was so completely stunned after I told him what I did and what happened. I could somewhat understand, since it was a shock to me, too, but he was treating the information in a far more excited way than me. Maybe it lost some of its lustre since I'd lived through it.

"Alright, hold on. So Beatrice gets off on hearing about Solomon screwing his assistant. This is great. All we have to do is tell Asher, and then you and him can have sex all you want and it'll save his marriage with Beatrice. He can tell her stories about you two going at it and they'll fall in love all over again."

"Are you being serious?" I asked him. Hands on my hips, glaring at him, and all he did was laugh.

"Not in the least. I can't even believe that happened. Even if I was in the room listening to it, I don't think I could believe it."

"It was kind of strange," I said.

"Strange isn't a strong enough word for it," he said. "It's so ridiculous that I'll believe you. I don't like to take things like this on faith, but I'll do it this one time. Just for you." He pinched my cheek.

I slapped his hand away, laughing. "It's not funny!"

"It's pretty funny," he said. "Mostly hilarious."

"Anyways, so, once you're done laughing at my expense, I think this is good, since now we know something."

"Yeah. Right. That whatever-it-is that he's hiding under his lamp. Except I don't see how that helps us. What are you going to do? Tell Asher that Solomon's hiding some mystery object under his lamp?"

I rolled my eyes. "No, we have to go get it."

"I don't see how we're getting into Solomon's office."

"I'll go," I said. "I've been there before. I'll dress like I'm an office assistant again and make some excuse to go in there when he's gone. It'll be fast. In and out and then I'll meet up with you and we can go from there."

"You think that's a good idea? Solomon's just going to toss you on his couch again and have his way with you, then Beatrice is going to get the full story later. Do you really want to be involved in that?" Jeremy barely kept his smile hidden away, and after half a moment of feigned stoicism he burst into laughter.

"Look, it's a good plan," I said, glaring at him.

"Sure. I guess it's as good as any. I doubt it'll work, but I'm in. I have to pick Asher up later anyways, so we can go then."

"Good. This is good. I think everything's going to work out well," I said.

I had no idea what I was getting myself into.

...

I dressed in a nice black skirt and semi-formal, wisteria blouse. Jeremy looked me over before we left and nodded his approval.

"Nice," he said. "Classy."

"Thanks," I said. "The heels aren't too much?"

I walked around a bit to show him. They were nice shoes, but I thought maybe they were too tall for typical office use. I vaguely thought of smaller pumps when I pictured secretaries, but I really liked the way these went with the rest of the ensemble.

Jeremy shrugged. "How should I know? I'm no fashion expert."

"Well, I think they're good, so I'll keep them. I won't actually be doing any work, so I don't think it matters, anyways."

"You're the boss."

And then we left. But not before I convinced Jeremy to share the piece of cheesecake with me that we brought home from The Cheesecake Factory last night.

"I need something to calm myself down. I'm so nervous."

The drive was quiet and uneventful. I went over the plan in my head. Up the elevator, down the hall, knock on the door. Wait. If Solomon was there, I would make up some reason for being there. Joel Newgood needed the weekly reports if they were finished. I knew Joel Newgood in passing from when I'd helped Solomon last time, so this was a good excuse. I assumed "weekly reports" would mean something to Solomon Royce, even if I had no idea what they were. I could play dumb in those regards.

If Solomon wasn't there, but his usual assistant Daphne was, I'd tell her someone was looking for her. Joel Newgood maybe, or someone else. Who knew? I'd make that one up as I went, since I thought I could lie to her easier without a cover story.

And if no one was there, I'd just go in, find what I needed, and leave. That plan was the easiest.

I thought over the plans, over and over and over again, perfecting them in my mind. If this, then that. Nothing to it. Everything would go well.

We arrived in the parking garage and when I went to step out of the car, Jeremy grabbed my arm and stopped me.

"Hold on," he said. "I'm not sure how I feel about this, so let's come up with a back up plan."

"Sure," I said. "Like what?"

"If you get caught or something. How long do you think it'll take you to get in and out?"

I tracked it all in my mind, coming up with decent estimates. "About five minutes to get up there, depending on the elevator and if he answers the door. Then maybe five or ten minutes inside? If no one's there, it won't take long, but if I have to make some excuse for why I'm there it'll take a little more time."

"Let's say twenty minutes, then? If you aren't back here in twenty minutes, I'll figure something out and come get you."

I laughed. "So you're just going to walk right up and go to Solomon Royce's office? That'll defeat the entire purpose of the plan. He'll know there's something wrong then."

Jeremy gave me a hard look. "It doesn't matter, Jessika. If something happens to you, Asher's going to blame me for it. I know this was your plan, but we're doing this together, so let's make sure nothing bad happens, alright?"

I huffed. "Fine. If you say so. Nothing's going to go wrong, anyways."

Jeremy didn't know what happened last time, though. I'd told him about the phone conversation between Beatrice and Solomon today, but he didn't know the actuality of the situation. He didn't know I'd fallen on the couch and Solomon had walked over, started acting like he was ready and willing to take me right then and there, with or without my consent. I never told him any of that, and I didn't want to tell him it now. If I did, would he let me do this? Probably not.

So, instead, I reassured him with a pat on his hand and a careful nod. "It's alright," I said before I left the car. "Don't worry about anything." I closed the door and left him in the parking garage.

My heels clicked across the concrete and I made my way through the dimly lit area to the ground floor elevator. No one else was nearby and the parking garage looked oddly empty. It was just my nerves trying to make up something ominous, I told myself. I pressed the button for the elevator and waited.

I felt calm and relaxed, but my hands kept shaking. Almost jittery, like I'd drank too much coffee and was suffering for it. When the elevator came, dinging its arrival, I stumbled inside and braced myself against the back wall. No one else was here with me. The doors closed, but without directions on where to go, the elevator stayed put.

I finally hit the button for the floor I wanted. Leaning against the wall, I watched the numbers pass by above the door as I rose past floor after floor. It was late, but not too late, so apparently no one was using the elevators right now; not time to go home, but every time sensitive issue involving walking through the office had already been dealt with.

The elevator chimed my arrival and the doors slid open. No one was coming in, so I scurried out and into the open hallway. Nothing. Strange? This didn't seem right, but I blamed it on my anxiety more than anything else. Just an excuse, Jessika, I told myself. Why are you making excuses? Go and do this and be done with it.

I hurried down the hallway, nearly tripping on the carpets. To Solomon's office, fast, quicker, my heels thudding against the carpeted floor in frenzied strikes. Once I arrived, I nearly opened the door without thinking.

"Calm down!" I hissed to myself. Then I knocked on the door to Solomon Royce's office.

Nothing. No one. I waited and knocked again, but no one answered. When I knocked a third time with still no answer, I decided it was safe. Twisting the knob to his office, hoping beyond hope he hadn't locked the door before he left, I winced and expected the worst.

The door opened easily enough. I pushed inwards and stepped inside. The light in the corner, the one I needed to look under, lit up the room. No one was inside though, nothing unusual. I scampered in, closed the door behind me, and breathed a sigh of relief.

Well, that was easy. What was I worried about? And, anyways, it wasn't like something could happen. I knew this, but I'd gotten myself worked up and nervous anyways. What would Solomon do? I'd warded off his advances before, so I could do it again. And his usual assistant, Daphne? I had no idea who she was, but I doubted she'd be an issue.

With all that settled, no longer panicking, I hurried to the lamp. When I went to lift it up and steal whatever lay beneath it, it wouldn't budge. I pulled harder, yanking on the thing, but no. Checking carefully, I noticed it was bolted into the floor. Nothing too high tech, just screws, but who did that? I didn't have a screwdriver, either.

Solomon must have one, in his desk or something. How else would he fit something under the lamp? Maybe he wanted to just leave it there, but I doubted it. Rushing to his desk, I opened the drawers and rifled through his belongings. It didn't take long to find a tiny screwdriver, so my hunch must have been right.

And then I went to do what needed to be done. Unscrewing the screws, I left them on the side of the carpet and then lifted up the base of the lamp. Hidden beneath it I found a small USB flash drive. I grabbed it, tossed it into the front pocket of my shirt, and started screwing the base of the lamp back into the floor.

Before I finished, I heard someone at the door. Argh! Could I not get a break? Oh well, it didn't matter. I swept the rest of the screws, along with the screwdriver, under the couch and got up. Whomever it was, I'd just run right past them, make up some excuse, apologize for being here because I must have had the wrong room, then leave.

That all mostly went according to plans, except when Solomon entered his own office. Before I could hurry past him, apologizing for intruding and telling him my excuse, he grabbed my forearm and pulled me back in. Closing the door behind him, he pushed the button on the knob to lock it, then hauled me to his couch.

"You, again," he said, smiling. "To what do I owe this wonderful surprise?"

I murmured my answer, the words coming out in a garbled mess of nonsense.

"What?" he asked. "Speak up. Calm down."

I repeated myself. "I'm sorry, Mr. Royce. I must have had the wrong room."

"What were you looking for?" he asked.

"The weekly reports," I muttered. "Joel Newgood asked me to get them for him."

"Did he?"

"Yes. I thought he said they'd be on your desk, and since you weren't here I figured it wouldn't be any trouble if I just grabbed them, but..."

"Joel Newgood went on vacation yesterday," Solomon said. "He won't be back for two weeks."

I stared at Solomon blankly. Was he serious, or trying to catch me in a lie? The look on his face seemed deadly serious, but I really had no way to tell. Either way, I didn't belong here. I could deny it, continue on with my false excuse, and dig myself deeper, or...

Or what? I had no other options.

"I've been thinking about you," Solomon said. "The other day, on the couch. Do you remember, Jessika?"

I gulped and nodded. "Yes, sir."

He squeezed my arm in his fingers, leaving thin red marks, then threw me onto the couch. "I'd like to re-enact that little scene, if you don't mind. I wasn't entirely satisfied with your work performance then, and I think you owe me something."

I stammered. "I-I, no, it's... I don't feel comfortable with that."

"Why are you really here?" he asked.

"I was trying to do my job," I said, sticking with some general excuse. Joel Newgood or not, I still looked like I worked here.

"You realize, Jessika, that everyone's left for the day. Almost everyone, that is. Mr. Landseer decided to allow a rare early leave from work to celebrate an especially sweet accomplishment. Landseer Enterprises has just made a deal with another company that's previously been very reluctant to work with us. The future is looking bright."

"No one told me," I whimpered. Trying to escape his seething gaze, I pressed myself against the back of the cool leather couch.

"That's funny. First, no one told you that Joel Newgood went on vacation, and next no one told you that you could've left the office a bit over an hour ago? That's quite a coincidence, don't you think?"

I shook my head. "I don't know. I'm sorry."

"I think you wanted to be here for some other reason. I think you saw something you liked when you were my assistant the other day, and you decided to wait until the other office workers left so you could sneak in and grab it. Was it the perfume? Sweet, isn't it? Unfortunately I've already given it away. To my lover."

I remembered now. Of course I knew of the perfume, the citrusy smelling one with a hint of vanilla and something else, but I realized now that I knew it from two places. Solomon's office, yes, but then I'd smelled it on Beatrice that night, too. When she wore it, it must have settled and mixed with her natural scent, giving it a slightly different aroma. Still, I should have recognized it!

If I did, if... What? There was nothing I could do.

"I," Solomon said, "have a wonderful idea. Let's forget all about this. I don't want to get you into trouble, you know. I'm sure we can come up with a better solution, one that works in both of our favors."

"Yes." I nodded fast. "Yes, let's do that."

And then he was on me. His mouth latched onto mine and he pressed himself atop me on the couch. Caught off guard, I stared at him in shock. Only when he'd managed to undo half of the buttons on my blouse did I regain some of my composure.

"Solomon!" I said through his kisses. "What are you...?"

"Quiet, whore," he said. "That's what you're going to be if you don't want me to expose you as a thief and have you fired on the spot. Just stay quiet and enjoy this, or I will completely ruin any chance you have at working for Landseer Enterprises in the future. Not just that, but I have contacts in many places. Please don't make me do that to you."

He continued unbuttoning my shirt while I tried to slap his hands away. Forceful and with no regard for me or my thoughts, he grabbed my hands in one arm and thrust them over my head, pinning them to the wall behind his office couch. With his free hand, he yanked open my blouse and admired my bra-covered br**sts.

"Nice," he said. "I wish you were more cooperative. I'd like to take off the rest of your clothes, but I'm afraid you're just going to do or say something unnecessary."

"Please," I said. "You can't do..."

Before I could say more, he spread my legs open and jammed his hand between my thighs. I sputtered and coughed, surprised at the suddenness of it. Without a care in the world, Solomon pulled aside my panties and palmed my bare, hot sex.

"Mmm," he said. "You're so warm. Not wet, yet, but I'll fix that. You'll get into the mood very fast."

He moved his hand and I tried to scream, but before I could he shoved me onto the couch. Disoriented, I blinked away my surprise and tried to recompose myself. Before I could, he heaved himself on top of me and pinned me to the couch, covering my mouth with his hand.

"Don't scream," he said. "Just accept this. You know you want it. I felt your heat and your passion. You're struggling, but that's all a part of the game, isn't it?"

I only saw his eyes, his face, up close and blocking my view of everything else. What I heard frightened me, though. A zipper, his, coming undone. He ostensibly fumbled with his pants, unbuttoning them and pulling out his cock. He pulled my thighs apart, ready to drive himself into me, and...

"Ahem!" someone said from the doorway.

Solomon panicked and jumped to his feet, up and away from me, off of me. He stood at attention and looked to the figure standing in his office doorway, calmly replacing his shaft inside his pants and zipping them up.

Asher Landseer. It was Asher. I blinked away tears, ashamed at myself, and hurried to button up my blouse. Asher stared at me, frowning, looking so very disappointed.

"I see you've found my assistant," Asher said. "Thank you, Solomon. I wasn't sure where she'd gone off to."

"Your assistant?" Solomon asked, brow furrowed. "She said she was helping Joel Newgood."

"She must have been confused. I told her to go to Joel's office."

"For what?" Solomon asked, suspicious.

"The weekly reports? What else would she go there for?"

Solomon cursed under his breath and stomped his foot on the carpet. "This isn't what it looks like, Asher. I thought she was off the clock. She was coming on to me rather strong."

"She does that," Asher said. "She doesn't mean to, though. We're working on it. Right, Jessika?"

I staggered to my feet and nodded, nearly in tears. "Yes, I'm sorry. I was mistaken. I'm so, so sorry. I didn't mean to do it."

Solomon brushed it off, scoffing. "I don't care, really. Just tell her to keep her hormones in check next time."

Asher nodded. "Of course. Sorry for the inconvenience."

With that, as I stumbled towards the door, towards Asher, he grabbed me. Asher pulled me out of Solomon's office, glaring and gritting his teeth. We left without closing the door, and a moment later I heard it slam shut. Looking down the hallway while Asher dragged me along, I saw Solomon walking the other way, away from us.

"My f**king God," Asher said, barely above a whisper. "You. Are. Seriously... My f**king God!"

"I'm so sorry," I said, sobbing. Tears streamed down my face. "I'm so sorry, Asher. I'm so sorry."

I lost track of my sense of self. It felt like we walked through Landseer Tower forever. This is where I started, and this is where I would always be. There was no more or no less than this, ever.

Halfway through walking, turning over his shoulder to see if anyone could see us, Asher paused. I cried harder, unsure what else to do. Asher ignored it, ignored me, and picked me up. Cradling me in his arms like some child, he carried me the rest of the way to his office.

"The door?" he asked, patient and kind. I reached out and fumbled with it, barely managing to open it. Asher kicked it the rest of the way open, then kicked it shut with the heel of his foot after he scooped me inside. Setting me on the floor, he began pacing back and forth.

"You're so reckless!" he yelled. "Why would you do that? What were you thinking? With Solomon Royce, no less? I don't even understand!"

"I didn't flirt with him," I said, shoving aside my tears with the sleeves of my blouse. "I swear, I didn't! I didn't want to do that, Asher. I promise. He... he was forcing me. He was trying to blackmail me. I..."

"Shh," Asher said. He pulled me into his arms. "Shh, I know. Jeremy told me. I came to get you. The door was locked. You shouldn't do that. I don't know what I would have done if something happened to you."

I dove into him, pressing my face into his chest. I twisted my head around and listened to his heartbeat; a minor comfort while I drenched his shirt with my tears. "I'm so sorry. I'm so, so sorry."

"I love you," he said without warning. "Jessika, I love you. I know I shouldn't. This is so strange. But, I do. I don't want anything to happen to you. You can't do something like that again. I don't care what the reason is. Please, promise me."

"I promise," I said. "I'm sorry. I... I love you, Asher."

When I said this, something changed. I don't know if it was mental, physical, or another feeling entirely, but I felt better, like I'd suddenly become a better person. I was still worried, nervous, and scared after what had happened in Solomon Royce's office, but I wasn't sure if any of that mattered. I didn't think it did as long as I was here with Asher.

He held me in his arms, squeezed me tight and embraced everything I was. I needed more, though.

My hands reached for the buttons of his shirt and I undid them one by one. Asher watched me while I worked fastidiously, quiet and contemplative. Once I finished undoing all of his buttons, I pressed my cheek against the warmth of his chest and leaned against him. Just like that. Forever.

Asher urged my chin up with the barest touch from his fingertips. I looked at him, relished his touch and his gaze, wanting all of it. I needed it to forget, to become who I was and who I should be. I wasn't a whore, or some meek secretary, or a plaything for the likes of Solomon Royce.

I was Jessika. Strong, determined, maybe a little unsure with some confidence issues, but I was me and Asher understood and accepted that.

Gently, like a true lover, he pressed his lips to mine. I opened my mouth slightly, feeling the light warmth of his breath passing over my lips and tickling my tongue. I couldn't stand it for long, though. I wanted him-desperately needed him-so badly, and I think he needed me, too.

We kissed, a frantic, awkward affair. I struggled to pull his shirt off, slipping it over his arms, while he refused to let go of the buttons of my shirt until he'd undone every single one. In a pause, some transcendent moment of love, we watched each other as we pulled off our shirts. The hesitation only lasted for a moment more after that.

Asher grabbed me, pulled me towards him. I went willingly, holding onto him. My fingernails pressed into his back and I rubbed my chest against his abs, feeling my n**ples harden and tingle beneath the fabric of my bra. Not for long, though, as Asher, like some wild beast, nearly ripped my bra in two before figuring out the latch in the back and removing it. Bared for him to see, and him alone, I languished in his desire.

He coaxed me away, pushing gently so he could admire me. Shy and reserved, I stood there, letting him openly ogle my br**sts. Should I remove my skirt? I didn't know, wasn't sure, but I decided to go for it. I unzipped the back, blushing, coy, and shimmied out of it.

"You're so beautiful," Asher said.

He stepped towards me, looming above me, like I was a passerby on the street and he was the embodiment of Landseer Tower itself. Then he knelt down in front of me and I was the tall one now.

"Asher?" I was about to ask, but he stopped me before I finished. Not with a word or a shush, but with his lips on my sensitive nipple. He took my pleasure nub in his mouth and circled around it with his tongue, teasing and tempting me. I gasped at the wet heat of his lips on my bare flesh and my arms circled behind his head instinctively.

Somehow I managed to stand for longer than two seconds, which seemed impossible considering how shaky my legs felt. After, though, I crumpled, toppled, nearly fell to the floor except Asher caught me. Mouth never leaving my nipple, he cupped my panty-clad behind in one hand while he held my back with the other, easing me onto the floor.

I lay there on the floor, rapt, completely and utterly his. Absolutely. He flicked his tongue across my nipple, tormenting me with pleasure. I moaned and gasped and whispered his name.

"I need you, Asher, please," I said, though I didn't actually know what I was saying or why I was saying it. It just seemed like the right thing, the proper words.

He looped a finger into the waistband of my panties and peeled them away from my sex and down my legs. I didn't realize how aroused I was until he mentioned it.

Grinning, he said, "You're so wet. You're underwear's clinging to your body."

With a slight reprieve from his tongue on my breast, I managed to convince myself to look lower. It was true; my panties were practically soaked with my arousal for him.

"I want you," I said. "I want you so badly."

"Shh," he said, covering my mouth with his hand.

He covered my crotch with his other hand, pressing against me. I bucked, unexpectant, against his palm, pleasuring myself against him.

"Calm down," he said. "Shh." He kissed me, slow and soft.

His words were at odds with his actions. He wanted me calm, but then why did he push two fingers inside of me? His hand cupped my sex, his palm keeping me pleasantly warm, while his two fingers delved deep into my slit. No nonsense, no teasing, he curled them and went straight for the rough flesh of my g-spot. I thrashed, my lower body becoming a thing of its own, while he kissed me and coaxed me to calm down.

"I can't," I whispered. "Asher, no, please don't do this. I want you. I can't calm down. Please."

"Shh," he said, grinning as he kissed me. "Jessika, calm down."

I kicked my legs against him, but he ignored that. I didn't want to hurt him, because I still had my heels on, but... I couldn't calm down. My God! Did he really think that was possible? He pushed me higher, harder, fingers expertly goading me towards orgasm. When I thought I might be able to calm down, to listen to him and relax and fight against the pleasure he wanted to induce in me, he completely destroyed that idea.

His mouth left mine and I kissed at the open air for half a second before I realized it. Where.. where was he going? I didn't understand. Then he clamped his lips onto my nipple and I lost it. His tongue swirled around my breast, eking pleasure from my upper body, while his fingers roamed inside me and tantalized my core.

I couldn't stop it now, couldn't contain the tide of my arousal. It rose up, a giant wave, and consumed me. I rode through it, lost myself inside of it. Asher never let me forget it, either. His tongue, his hand, always insistent and coaxing me to greater and better passion. I writhed on the floor, a hot mess, entirely unwound and undone.

Before my cli**x finished, I grabbed him. I pulled his head away from my nipple and wrenched him back up to my face. I kissed him, hard, needy, all over; on his cheeks, his lips, his chin, his jaw.

"Please," I begged. "Asher, please, inside me."

With him kissing me now, with me no longer needing to hold his face and pull him up, I grappled with his pants until I had them somewhat undone. I kicked them away, pushed them down with the toes of my heels, and then narrowed my brow in frustration when I couldn't get his pants all the way off because of his shoes.

He laughed and helped me remove his shoes and pants. "Calm down, Jessika."

"It's not funny!" I shrieked, trying not to laugh, too. "I need you inside of me right now."

"What if I say no?" he asked.

"Asher," I said, panic-stricken. "You wouldn't. No, don't. Please. I'm begging you." All conversational skills abandoned me. "Asher, no, I..."

I got no further before he grabbed the sides of my thighs and buried himself inside of me. Every synapse in my brain let out an electric sigh of wonder at the insane amount of pleasure he brought me. His c*ck drove into me, steady and thick, completely satisfying my need of him. Or, satisfying that current need, though I suddenly realized I needed so much more.

"Yesssss," I hissed.

"I love you," he said, kissing my cheek. "I really do, Jessika. I love you."

"I know," I said, sobering up enough from my intense arousal to speak regularly for a second. "I love you, too. I love you so much, Asher."

We made love. We had sex. We f**ked. We did all of it at once in some indulgent conglomeration of lust and love. I wanted him, needed him. I wanted to kiss his face and relish in the touch of his lips, and I wanted to savor the feel of his manhood inside me. I wanted him to nibble on my lower lip and stare at me with a predatory gleam in his eye while he shoved his c*ck into me and pushed us across the carpets of his office. I wanted to relax and calm down and languish in his love, but I wanted to speed up and press against him and desire his lust, too.

We did all of it, all at once, and I lost myself in him. His body pressed against me, onto me, keeping me warm and safe while seducing my bare skin with the touch of his own. He filled me completely, satisfied me, and while our coupling was somewhat primal, it was an act of intense affection and devotion, too.

I screamed aloud when I came, my slick folds kissing at the shaft of his c*ck and my inner walls clenching around him. He kissed me everywhere then, every inch of my face, leaving my mouth so I could announce my cli**x to the world in wild, illogical utterances. My body twisted beneath him, but I didn't want to go anywhere. He held me tight; enough to let me squirm in pleasure but not so much that I could slip away from him.

"I'm going to," he said. "Soon."

My orgasm was still in full effect, my eyes rolling into the back of my head. I tried to look at him, but I couldn't see more than bright lights and shadows. "Inside me," I said, a pleading whisper. "Please, inside me."

He nodded, though I didn't see it. I sensed it, though, a wisp of a breeze caused by the nod of his head because of how close we were. He thrust into me, faster now, imminent and urgent. Then deep, deeper still, claiming every inch of my body with his own.

The warm gush of his seed enveloped me. I felt his c*ck pulsing and twitching inside me and the warmth of him unleashing his pleasure into the deepest part of my body. I held him and squeezed him, with my arms and the walls of my p**sy.

"I don't want to let you go," I said. "I won't."

He laughed. "Alright. I'm not going anywhere."

My orgasm still tremored through me, minor fits of pleasure. "I'm going to keep you here until you're hard again," I said. "Then we're going to do this again."

"That might not take too long." He grinned.

"That was so good. Did you like it, too?"

"It was wonderful. You're wonderful."

"I love you."

"I love you, too."

...

We made love another time. I squirmed and writhed and wiggled beneath him, begging him for everything. I doubted I made sense after awhile, I was so caught up in my passion, but I didn't care. Asher didn't seem to care, either. After we finished for a second time, he rolled to the side of me when I forgot to hold on tight to him.

"No," I said, whimpering like a little child. "I need you more."

"More!" He laughed. "We can't just make love in my office forever, you know?"

"Why not?" I asked, pouting.

"Well, first off, Jeremy's waiting for us. And second, you need to explain what you were doing in Solomon's office. I heard a little about it, but I don't quite understand."

"Oh," I said. Yes, we should do that. And then make love again, if possible. "Hold on, wait here."

"Hm?" He watched me curiously as I scrambled to my hands and knees and crawled over to my discarded shirt. For good measure, he slapped my ass hard before I moved too far away.

I squeaked and looked over my shoulder, favoring him with a devilish smirk. "I said hold on!"

"I'm holding! I'm just having fun while I do it!"

Rolling my eyes at him, I then turned away and fetched the USB flash drive from my shirt pocket.

"Here," I said, crawling back to his side and handing the flash drive stick to him. "I think this will explain everything, but I don't know what exactly."

"Alright. Let's have a look."

He got to his feet and then picked me up. I laughed and wrapped my legs around him, making him carry me over to his desk. He grunted and feigned annoyance, but every so often he looked at me with this sublime, loving expression. Captivated, in love, I couldn't look away from his face.

He sat in the chair behind his desk, nude except for his socks, and I sat on his lap, nak*d save for my high heels. Opening the wider middle drawer behind his desk, he retrieved a tiny netbook and set it onto his desk. Flipping open the lid, pressing the power button, the laptop began to switch on.

"I..." How should I explain this better? I was empowered by our sexual sessions from a moment ago, but I still didn't know what to say. "I don't know how to say this, and I don't like it, but Beatrice is cheating on you, Asher. She's been having an affair with Solomon."

Asher frowned, grave. "Jeremy said as much. I don't want to believe it, but if there's evidence here..."

Quick thinking reminded me of earlier. "She's making reservations for them at a place in California. The, um..." What was it? "The Solage Calistoga."

He chuckled. "With my money, no doubt. That'll be easy enough to look into. I can call them and figure that out."

The computer was on now and finished setting up. Asher plugged the USB drive into the side and waited for it to load. A window popped up asking him what he wanted to do. He clicked on the button to open the folder and view the files.

This was it. Whatever Beatrice and Solomon were planning, we'd soon figure it out. I stared at the screen, ready for anything.

Ready, that was, except for what happened. Another window popped up, prompting Asher to input a password. He looked to me for the answer.

"I don't know?" I shrugged. "I didn't think there'd be a password."

Asher sighed. "I'm not sure what Solomon's passwords are for corporate accounts. He's high enough up on the ladder to have his own private set up instead of needing to use the public ones like most employees. I can have someone from the tech department take a look at it. Maybe they can crack it, but..."

"No," I said. "There's not enough time. We need to figure..." I tapered off. Wait. Maybe...? "Let me try."

He moved his arms back and gave me free reign of the keyboard. "Feel free."

I typed it in. "P-A-S-S-W-O-R-D."

I hovered the mouse over the "OK" button, then clicked. The flash drive accepted my password and allowed us access to Solomon's private files.

Asher laughed, impressed. "How did you know that?"

"It's one of the most common passwords people use," I said. "It was just a guess."

"I like it," he said. "Now let's see what we have here..."

We browsed through the files. A lot of it was scattered, but all of it told a story. Small bits and pieces, worked together. Contacts Solomon had made, people who were interested in making money and weren't against destroying Landseer Enterprises to do it. Multiple press releases, pre-formatted for what Solomon intended, all explaining in lurid details the fall of Asher's billion dollar company. Notes on Beatrice Landseer's stock profile, and how she'd privately been selling off her stock for the past year, and the last batch to go which would coincide with the beginning of her and Solomon's master plan.

"Bed bugs," Asher said, confused. "It's so simple."

"It'd be devastating, though. If he manages to infest all of your vacation resorts and hotels with bed bugs, it'd cost a lot to fix."

"We have insurance for those situations, but it seems Solomon has plans for that, too. Apparently we haven't paid for the policy on most of the hotels for months now and they're due to let it lapse into nothingness for non-payment if the problem isn't rectified soon. Also, apparently there's more than a few people lined up to sue me for emotional and physical damages when they contract the bugs after their upcoming stays at my resorts."

"It's because you don't look at the reports he gives you," I said, shaking my head.

"Well, apparently so. I thought..." Asher quieted down, staring at the screen.

"I know," I said. "It's not your fault. You had no reason to think this would happen."

"It's just so sudden," Asher said. "It's not even that I trusted him, though that's a large part of it. I trusted Beatrice, too. I... I should have seen this coming, though. I remember small signs now that I think about it. I never really knew which friends Beatrice was going to visit, and I had Solomon's business expenses paid without a second glance at them. They were never too excessive, so I didn't think I had anything to worry about. I should have paid closer attention, though. I should have..."

"Shhh," I said. "No, it's alright. It's not your fault, Asher."

He remained silent. I was worried about him. I could never understand what he was going through, or what he must feel right now, but I didn't want him to be upset. I wanted him to be happy, even if that was hard. He still had a lot of things left in life, right? Maybe this wasn't a good spot to be in, and his marriage was all but ruined, along with the loss of one of his higher ups at Landseer Enterprises that he thought he could trust, but...

Well, he had his house still. Two of them. And technically he still had money. For now, anyways, as long as Beatrice and Solomon's plan didn't come to fruition. He had Jeremy as a friend, which I thought was a pretty big thing to have.

And... if he wanted-though I didn't know if this would work-he still had me, if...

No. He said he loved me, but it was out of some other reason. He was worried, and Solomon, and... I shouldn't expect anything, regardless of all of this. I fully expected him to be upset with me, since I'd basically singlehandedly destroyed his understanding of almost everything around him by revealing Solomon and Beatrice's scheme.

"We're nak*d," Asher said, interrupting the silence. "We're nak*d and my marriage is ruined and my company might be in shambles."

"I'm sorry," I said. "It's all my faul-"

"What's your favorite movie?" he asked. "We can watch it. Let's go get a pizza. We can pick it up, with Jeremy. We'll need to put clothes on, of course. I'm starving."

I blinked. "What?"

He swept me in for a kiss, leaning me across his lap and dominating my lips. I wrapped my hands around his neck, returning his kiss with fervor.

"Will you help me?" he asked. "You've done so much for me so far and I can't thank you enough."

"If... if you want me to, I can. If you want me to stay and help you, I'll try."

"I don't want you to go anywhere," he said. "Not just for this. I meant it when I said I love you, Jessika."

I couldn't help it; I cried. Tears streamed down my cheeks and Asher kissed them away, smiling at me.

"Shh," he said. "Stop that. No crying."

"I love you, too," I said, lips quivering. "I'm so sorry about what's happened to you. I don't want you to be upset at me for it. I know that-"

"No," he said firmly, shaking his head. "It's not your fault. This would have happened regardless. Maybe we made some mistakes, too, but this would have still happened. I won't let you blame yourself."

I nodded. I wanted to believe him, but I was too scared to say it.

"I need you," he said. "Please say you'll help me?"

"I'll help," I whispered. "I... I'm hungry, too," I added, averting my eyes.

"Good. Let's get dressed, get some food, watch a movie back at home-the guest home-and relax. In order to solve any problem you need to be in a peaceful state of mind, no matter the situation. That's going to be a rough one here, so I might need your help."

I laughed. "Alright."

Home, he said. Not "my home," but just "home." Our home. With me.

His Absolute Devotion

When we left Landseer Tower, Asher held my hand. No one was around since he'd let everyone leave early for the day in celebration of a particularly beneficial arrangement between Landseer Enterprises and a previously reluctant company, but it didn't matter. The way his fingers held onto mine, his warm palm pressing slightly against my own, it was amazing. I felt brazen and bold and if the world saw us right now, no matter what happened, I knew that we could persevere.

It was a good feeling but I didn't know if it was the proper feeling. With his wife, Beatrice, and his director of public relations, Solomon, plotting to ruin Asher's marriage and company, I thought we shouldn't be so complacent. This wasn't a game, it wasn't a minor obstacle. Asher Landseer was the billionaire CEO of Landseer Enterprises and he possessed a lot of worth that was capable of becoming destroyed.

And yet, when he held my hand and walked with me through his office building, I felt comfortable and confident. A little less worried and unsure, and much more optimistic. Everything would work out fine, right?

As if reading my mind, when we reached the elevator, Asher leaned down and kissed my forehead. Just a peck, but it eased me into more relaxing thoughts. And then he swooped in for more than a peck, pressing his lips against mine, hard and demanding. I nearly fell over, so caught up in the emotion of his touch. He wrapped his arms around me and held me up and when the elevator dinged its arrival and we should have stepped through the doors, he ignored it.

I kissed him, needing to feel everything he felt for me. His words, his emotions, the slight doubt in the back of his mind and the surety, despite it all, that everything would work out in the end, it shifted from him to me. Our lips acted as a conduit, some amazing miracle of thoughts and sensations. I'd never felt this way before, never kissed anyone like this before, and it overwhelmed me. I needed it so very very badly.

The elevator doors closed on us sometime during our kiss. Maybe a second ago, or a few minutes, but when we paused and he held me close and I looked, the elevator car had passed us by.

"We missed the elevator," I said, smiling.

Reluctantly leaving a part of our embrace to stretch his hand out, Asher pressed the button again. We watched the numbers above the door, waited for the elevator to greet us once more.

"Do you want to miss it again?" he asked.

I laughed. "Asher!"

Needless to say, when the elevator dinged its second arrival, Asher and I were otherwise preoccupied.

...

Asher was tired, but he couldn't let it get to him.

Pizza was delicious and dinner went splendidly. Jeremy played an excellent role in all of that, and when Asher gave him a slight nod at the end of the evening while the movie credits rolled, he politely excused himself and went back to the main house to rest for the night.

"I really like that movie," Jessika said. She curled against him, the warmth of her back heating his chest.

"Pan's Labyrinth is a wonderful movie," Asher said. His lips pressed against her neck, kissing up and along her jaw to her earlobe. He blew lightly and whispered into her ear, "Very thought-provoking."

Jessika laughed a little and cuddled closer to him. She twisted and turned until she faced him over her shoulder and looked at him with such love and affection that he thought it was strong enough to break him into pieces.

"I always worry about the little girl, though. Do you think... do you think it was all in her mind, or...?"

Asher shook his head. "Everything worked out," he said. "You can never know exactly what happened, but everything worked out in the end. She was happy."

Jessika nodded, willing to believe it. She looked better now, more comfortable. Asher tightened his embrace, squeezing her against him, feeling the softness of her stomach and the way her body molded perfectly against him with the way he held her.

He thought she was perfect before, but he thought she was even more perfect when he had her in his arms.

...

I dreamed of something. I don't know exactly what it was, and the ideas flitted away from my mind as soon as I woke. I think perhaps I dreamed of today, and what would happen. Asher, Jeremy, and I hadn't discussed anything too thoroughly while we sat on the couch in Asher's guest home, eating three different kinds of pizza, but we'd talked a bit; we'd talked enough.

Asher would confront Beatrice and Solomon and tell them he knew everything. It would all-Oh!

I felt something-a delightful something-warm and urgent in the core of my body. A whisper of breath teased against the bare skin between my thighs. I was sure I'd put on pajamas before going to bed, but apparently I'd lost them sometime in the night. Or was this a dream, too?

I'd asked Asher to make love to me, but he said no. We'd kissed for hours and I kept reaching for his hard c*ck trapped behind his pajama pants, but he just smirked and eventually moved my hand away. One quick stroke, then two, but he unwrapped my fingers from around my prize and went back to kissing me.

I remember growing more frantic near the end. I tried to stuff my hand in his pants and pull out what was mine, straddle atop him and convince him with my moist feminine wiles at the center of my body, but he denied me. He lifted me off him like I was nothing more than a pet and placed me on my back on the bed and lay atop me and... was he going to? Yes, finally? But, no, he'd trapped me beneath his body and kissed me and while I loved every single moment of it, I'd wanted more.

I opened my eyes, groggy, squirming when something licked lightly at my feminine folds. Looking down, finding myself open and available with the blankets completely gone, I saw Asher with his head between my thighs. His tongue, light and delicate, lapped at my sex.

I was too worked up to put up with his gentleness. I moved my hands to grab his head and pull him up atop me so he could claim my body properly, but...

Why wouldn't my hands move?

Asher grinned at me as I struggled against my bindings. In a panic I glanced towards my wrists. While I slept he must have moved my arms up and above my head and tied me to one of the rungs of the headboard with a silken shirt. Nothing too sturdy, and if I really tried I could probably rip it into pieces and free myself, but it would take some effort. Effort that I didn't have at the moment since I was still in somewhat of a daze from having just woken up.

"Asher," I whined.

"Shh," he said.

"Ple~ase?" I asked. I wasn't even sure what I was asking for, but I'd know it when he did it.

His tongue licked along my labia, flittering back and forth, moistening either side of both my lower lips. I gasped and struggled with the bonds, hoping to slip my hands free and escape this erotic torture.

"If you're good," Asher said, pausing to caress his tongue from the bottom of my slit up to my clit, lingering, "I'll give you what you want."

"I think I was good last night!" I said, exasperated and horny.

He laughed. "What do you mean you were good? You wouldn't stop trying to make me have sex with you."

"You want to do it, too!"

"That's besides the point. I can be patient. There's no need to rush things."

He went back to the task at hand, slowly teasing his tongue across my slick folds. He lapped up my arousal, tasting it with the tip of his tongue. This was worse than yesterday when he'd fingered me and told me to relax and chastised me for writhing and bucking my h*ps against his hand. This was...

His tongue flicked against my clit, hard and fast but gone so soon, like a gentle tap from the end of a whip. I wanted to scream, but instead I tried to remain calm and "good," as he said. Relatively, anyways, but I still couldn't help but struggle against the silken shirt binding me to the headboard.

"How long?" I asked.

"Hm?" he said, looking up at me.

"How long do I have to be good before you'll stop this?"

"Oh, you want me to stop? If you really do, I'll go downstairs and make breakfast. I can bring it up to you when I'm done. I can't untie you, though, because I'd rather you didn't masturbate while I'm gone. Not right now, at least."

He said it so simply, so matter-of-factly. I couldn't let this happen!

"No!" I shook my head, fast. "No, no. I don't want you to leave or stop, but I want you. Inside me. I..."

"Say it," he said.

"Asher..." I whimpered.

"We're both adults here, Jessika. If you want something, you need to let me know."

It made sense, and yet... I remembered Beatrice the other day, and the conversation I overheard while she talked with Solomon on the phone. Their dirty, raunchy sex talk, and... ugh, the thoughts of it. And yet... this was different, too.

I sighed. Slow, deliberate, I said, "I want your long, hard c*ck deep inside..."

"Yes?" he asked, prompting me further.

"Deep..." I hesitated, but Asher goaded me further with a compelling lick from his tongue. "I want your long, hard c*ck deep inside my p**sy," I said, embarrassed, rushing the words out in one hasty breath.

"Sixty seconds," he said. "If you remain calm and still for one minute, I'll do everything you want."

"I want to be on top," I said quickly.

Asher lifted one brow, smirking. "Alright. Deal."

I endured. Asher licked at my folds, languorous and with no real goal in mind. He liked to tease me, it seemed, and watch me squirm, but, oh no, I wouldn't give him the joy of it. I counted down the seconds in my head, being generous with my estimation.

He circled his tongue around my clit, then just barely teased at the hood and the center of my pleasure spot. I bit my lower lip, focusing on the the numbers and counting and praying that the slightest twitch from my leg didn't count against me.

Halfway to my goal, Asher grew more frantic. Not much, nothing over the top, but he licked in longer strokes, flattening his tongue and touching more of me all at once. This was cheating or something, and I wanted to yell that out to him, but then what? He'd make me start all over again, probably! Argh.

With ten seconds left, Asher abandoned his initial plan. He kept his tongue on me, tempting me, but he added two fingers. Probing inside me, slow at first but picking up speed, he played with me like some fascinating toy. My God, if he just let me, I'd happily let him wind me up and watch me bounce around the room(or on top of him, as it were), but I doubted he'd accept that offer so easily.

Five seconds. Deeper. Three seconds. His fingertips tweaked at my g-spot. One second. He never relented and was one-hundred percent trying to make me lose this game.

Except now it was over. "I won!" I shrieked. At that same moment, Asher must have decided the exact same thing.

This time he didn't tease me, but was full-on coaxing me to orgasm. In my desperate attempt at staving off my pleasure, I didn't realize how pent up I was. Or, I'd realized it, but I really really needed to forget about it and play his game or I knew he'd keep teasing me forever. But, now? Oh, no, I'd won alright.

I thrashed on the bed against Asher's mouth. He had a smug, annoyingly attractive look on his face, like he thought he'd won this game instead of me. Maybe in a way he had, or perhaps we both did. I didn't quite care at the moment.

My pulse quickened and my breath came out in sharp, shallow gasps. I pleaded with him and begged him not to stop, or to untie me, or wait no, if he stopped to untie me that was...

My back arched as the first wave of pleasure slammed into my body. Asher never stopped, continued licking at my sex, and whenever he flicked his tongue against my oversensitive clit, I reeled in shock. My inner walls clenched against his fingers, trying to suck his hand inside of me, but he kept his motions firm and insistent upon my rugged, inner pleasure point.

During my orgasm, squeezing my hands into fists and unintentionally pulling against my bindings, I ripped the silken shirt in two and freed myself from the headboard. Enough, not enough. Oh God.

Not even knowing what came over me, I grabbed Asher's face and pulled him away from my crotch. He looked surprised, but impressed. In a frenzy, I pushed at him and told him to get on his back, to... why did he have pajama pants on still? I pulled them off, delighted when his hard c*ck popped free in front of me. Asher watched me, smiling, and I shimmied atop him and centered myself over his erection.

I moved down, fit myself onto the head of his cock, and then pushed hard against it, taking all of him inside of me in one go. Everything beyond that was a mess of sensation, sweaty and sticky and pure, unadulterated bliss.

...

I lay on top of Asher, panting. He was panting, too. He finished inside of me, but I didn't want to get off him, so I kept him in me while the aftereffects of our sexual romp settled inside me. I felt so glorious and glowing and like this was the way everyone should wake up every day. Oh my God, I was physically tired, but now completely awake.

"You're rough," Asher said, smiling. "I shouldn't have used such a flimsy shirt."

"I liked that," I said. "I mean, I was kind of annoyed, but... I liked that."

"I never meant to upset you," he said, "but..."

"If you do that again I'm going to have sex with you in your sleep," I said, defiant.

He laughed. "Promise?"

"I love you," I said all of a sudden. I don't know why, but it felt right.

"I love you, too," he said.

Leaning up to kiss me, just a quick one at first, he decided it best to do it properly and pulled me down into it. I went willingly. Maybe I'd quenched my carnal desire(for the time being), but I still wanted him so badly. To be with him, to be near him, talking, touching, small, inconsequential things, nothing important, not all the time. Just him and I and everything, all of ourselves.

"We need to get up," Asher said. "I need to find out if Beatrice is here. She wasn't last night, which probably made everything a little easier, but we can't put this off. I don't know exactly what's going to happen, but it needs to happen today."

"Alright," I said, nodding. "I'll help. I'll do whatever I can, Asher."

"I know," he said. "Thank you. I really do appreciate it."

He went to take a shower, leaving me to languish in bed. I watched him strip off his shirt through the open bathroom door. I hadn't bothered with that article of clothing when I'd freed myself from the headboard since it hadn't seemed necessary to my goal. Seeing Asher strip the rest of his pajamas off right in front of me, then walk over to the bathtub and turn the shower on was oddly erotic, though. Maybe he had a good point with patience and relaxing, because if I'd removed his clothes entirely I wouldn't have gotten to see this show.

After testing the water with his hand, Asher stepped into the steaming shower. Not all the way, though, not entirely. Before he closed the door he looked at me. Something in his eyes, a glimmer of admiration. He crooked his finger, beckoning for me to join him. I watched him disappear behind the frosted glass of the shower door.

Scrambling out of bed, I bounded towards the bathroom, slipped out of my pajama tanktop just like he had, and pulled open the shower door. I jumped inside, into his arms. He smiled at me and held me close to him while hot water from the showerhead streamed across our bodies.

"Glad you could make it," Asher whispered into my ear, kissing my earlobe.

"I missed you," I said, giving him a silly smile.

"Because I was so far away?" he asked.

I nodded twice. "Mhm!"

He ran his hands across my body, letting water cup between my skin and his palms, and then sluiced it over me. I tried to do the same, but he stopped me. "Not yet," he said.

I nodded and stood and let him wash me. He grabbed a bottle of body wash from a shelf off to the side and squirted some into his hand. Lathering it between his palms, he gathered a good amount of bubbles and then slid the soapy foam across my body. He coaxed me to lift my chin and coated my neck with soap, then down my shoulders and my arms, between each of my fingers. He washed me, focusing on my chest. I closed my eyes and opened my mouth, letting out a moan when he squeezed my br**sts in his hands and toyed with my n**ples.

My br**sts were apparently very dirty, so he spent a lot of time there. Before I could moan again, he pressed his mouth to mine and kissed me. The sound went from my throat into his, reverberating between us. I laughed.

"Asher!" I said, regaining some composure. "We're showering! You said we have things to do."

"I did, didn't I?" he said, coy.

His hands roamed lower, across my stomach. He pressed a finger into my belly button and tickled my side with his other hand.

"Stop it!" I laughed and playfully slapped at him.

Then, without warning, he pulled me closer. Spinning me around so my back was against his chest, latching his lips onto my neck, warm water from the shower spraying against my br**sts and my stomach, he held me tight. All semblance of washing left us, with only the soap remaining to remind us of what we were supposed to be doing.

Asher slipped his hand between my thighs and rubbed at my clit. I staggered, but he stepped back and braced us against the rear of the shower so neither of us would fall.

"Just once more," he said. "Please. I know we have important things to do, but just once more?"

I nodded. "It won't take a lot," I said. "I'm really horny today. I don't know why."

He didn't reply, just sucked on my neck. His teeth bit lightly into my soft skin and his fingers pressed and stroked against my clit.

"Like that," I said. "Just like that. Don't stop."

He didn't, never. I closed my eyes and thought about him and what we'd just done on the bed, what we were doing now. Leaning my head back, I relaxed and let him take me. It was probably the shortest build up to orgasm I'd ever experienced.

The familiar feelings of cli**x bubbled up inside me and then burst out. I tensed, unfamiliar with the sensation of doing this while standing. "Now," I said. "Now, don't stop, please. Just, just lighter. Softer."

He softened, but remained insistent, his fingers brushing against my clit. He held me up with his other hand and squeezed my breast, rolling my nipple between his fingers.

"You're so beautiful," he said. "I love watching you like this."

"I want to, too. I..."

I was at a loss for words, swept up in pleasure. The rippling echoes of my cli**x shivered through me, delightful and sweet. When they lessened, calmed to a faint swell, I loosened Asher's hands from me and slipped away from him. Getting to my knees, resting on the slippery floor of the tub, I gazed up at him, lovingly.

He never said a word, only looked down at me and smiled. He looked so sweet and caring and I wanted to kiss him, but I stopped myself. We were in a rush and I needed to make this quick, and after today maybe we could spend all the time we wanted adoring each other, but...

Better not to think about that since I wasn't sure what would happen. I knew what was going on right now and that was it. Later, I hoped for a lot of things, but right now I had Asher and that was enough.

His manhood greeted me, jutting out from between his legs. I scooted forward and wrapped my hand around his shaft and stroked him. With the water helping me, my hand slid up and down his length easily. Asher watched me, eyes glazed and halfway shut and his mouth agape.

I stopped for a second and reached up, fumbling for the bottle of body wash. Asher didn't say anything, didn't complain. I squirted a little of the soap into my palm and mixed it between both hands, then grabbed his c*ck once more. This time, with the slipperiness of the soap, my hand glided across his shaft in quick, smooth motions.

"My God," he said after the first few strokes. "That feels amazing."

I was in control now. Asher was mine and mine alone. I relished the thought and quickened my hand movements.

"Cum for me," I said. "I want you to. All over my chest."

"Jessika!" Asher said, a gasp, shocked.

I laughed. "You told me to tell you what I want before, so I'm telling you."

"Keep... keep going," he said. "A little faster. If you keep that up it won't take long."

I stroked him with one hand and, in a fit of erotic genius, grabbed his balls in my other hand. I squeezed them and rolled them between my fingers, urging him towards cli**x. Asher didn't disappoint me, either. He tensed and his c*ck swelled and three sticky, white jets of cum shot onto my neck and br**sts. I laughed, watching him, and slowed my strokes. When he finished, I ran my fingers over my chest and played with his cream.

"My God, you're insatiable," he said. "That was amazing."

I got up and smiled at him and pressed hard against him. "I love you." I tried to remain serious, but it didn't last for long before I giggled.

He laughed along with me. "You just wanted to get my mess all over my chest, too, didn't you?"

I backed up and admired my work. Asher's sticky cli**x was spread fairly equally between his pecs and my br**sts. "Well, we're in the shower so it's easy to clean off."

"Alright, alright. Let's actually clean up now," he said. "No more funny business."

"You started it," I said, poking my tongue out at him.

"Yes," he said. "Well, yes. And I'm alright with that."

"Me, too."

...

Asher stood at the stove watching the pancakes while I diced up fruit and mixed smoothies in the blender. We were waiting for Jeremy to come by so we could all eat breakfast together. They texted each other a lot for simple things like this. It was kind of weird and something I'd need to get used to. It made sense in a way, since it was faster than trying to track each other down through the entire mansion grounds, but it still seemed a little different to me.

When Jeremy arrived, he came in without knocking; no need to, really. He smiled and thanked me when I handed him a cool glass filled to the brim with my strawberry banana smoothie concoction. Asher doled out the pancakes onto three plates, we topped them with more strawberries and whipped cream, then we all sat around the dinette table, munching.

"So," Jeremy said in between pancake bites. "Beatrice left earlier. I'm not sure exactly when. She's not a huge fan of me, so I couldn't just stick around her without being obvious. She left a note with her maid, though. Said to give it to you if you asked about her. It's Saturday, so I figure she figured you wouldn't be working and might ask around for her."

Asher nodded. "We usually have lunch together when she's home on the weekends. That makes sense."

"What does the note say?" I asked.

"Ha! That's the funny part. It says she's going out to find a book. A present for you, in thanks for what you're doing. She suggested Asher take you out to lunch instead of her, since she'll just grab something on her own. It's actually very casual. Kind of strange for her." Jeremy shrugged.

"Yeah..." Asher sighed. "I don't want to suspect the worst, but it's all coming together. Being away, suggesting Jessika and I go to lunch. If she's hired someone to keep tabs on us, they could take some controversial pictures. Turn an innocent lunch into weekend debauchery."

"Why a book, though?" I asked. "Why is she doing that? I don't understand."

"You showed an interest during dinner the other night," Asher offered. "It's not exactly a secret that you enjoy reading. I mentioned to her that you enjoyed the library in the guest home, too."

"I just think it's odd. I don't know why."

"Yeah, well, you should," Jeremy said. He gave me a pointed stare, chomping on a large helping of pancake.

"I don't understand?"

"Did you forget already? That bookstore you dragged me into? Where this all started? I doubt it's a coincidence she's going to get a book now. Maybe she'll grab one, but..."

"Oh..." I blinked. Popping a bit of sliced strawberry in my mouth, I nibbled on it absently. "Right. Do you think that's it? I did wonder why they were in that bookstore. It's not really the type of place I'd expect to see anyone like them."

"So rich people can't go to a nice bookstore?" Asher asked, feigning indignation. "I don't recall either of you mentioning this to me, either. What happened, exactly?"

Jeremy and I told him, piecing the story together.

"Yeah, and then she drags me into an alley and kisses me. I'm like, whoa! Hold up there, Jessika, but she just keeps on going at it. I don't even know."

Asher narrowed his eyes at me. "Really now?"

Blushing, I looked down at my plate and kept my eyes looking at anything except Asher. "Sorry," I mumbled. "It seemed like a good idea at the time. I didn't want Beatrice or Solomon to notice us."

"Yeah," Jeremy said. "Like in those spy movies, you know? I guess that was it. It worked, but I didn't see Solomon or Beatrice, so who knows."

"You know, you make it sound like I wanted to kiss you in an alley!" I said.

"I'm an attractive guy. Maybe you did? I don't know."

"Jeremy," Asher said, calm and collected. "Jessika and I have been... how should I say..."

"Yeah, yeah, you guys are going at it. I'm no dummy, you know? That's fine. She's nice and I like you, Asher."

"So why are you going on about the kissing?" I asked.

"Well, it happened! What do you want me to do, lie about it?"

I harrumphed. "I guess not. I don't know."

Asher chuckled. "It's fine. I understand the situation. I'm not upset. It's more amusing than anything. You're really different, you know that?"

I glared at him.

"In a good way! A wonderful way. I love it." He reached over and took my hand in his, squeezing my fingers. "I really do, I love you. Not even Jeremy and his good looks can pull us apart."

"I don't know, man," Jeremy said, tousling his hair. "I'm pretty ridiculously good looking. I could give you a run for your money."

I looked at Asher, daring a glance into his eyes. He smiled and squeezed my hand again. "I didn't mean to kiss Jeremy," I said. "I mean, I meant to, but..."

"It's fine," Asher said.

"Alright, so now that this mushy crap is out of the way, can we figure out what's going on? What do you want to do? Do we go to the bookstore? Do you think that's where she went?" Having finished his breakfast, Jeremy chugged what was left of his smoothie.

"Yes," Asher said. "If neither of them are there, I'm sure the owner will be, right?" He looked to me for confirmation.

"Yes, they're open every day but Sunday. They close early today, but we have plenty of time," I said.

"Right. So we'll go, and if nothing else I'll talk with the owner. Since you're acquainted with him, I think this will go well, Jessika. Maybe we can get some help from him. He might know something."

"Alright," I said, nodding.

"Sounds good," Jeremy agreed. "I'll drive, of course. No funny business in the back seat, though, you two." He wagged a finger at us.

He looked so ridiculous that all I could do was laugh.

...

We arrived at Robert's bookstore shortly after it opened. Unfortunately, no matter how much I liked the place, it was never very popular. Robert spent most of his mornings tidying up and re-organizing. Except when I came in, in which case he usually chatted with me and we talked about new books or authors and things like that while I helped him out a little. I never worked there, he never paid me, but I enjoyed it still. It was fun and I liked Robert.

Before we got out of the car, Asher took my hand in his and stared at me with a strange kind of look. I didn't really understand it and it scared me. "Jessika," he said, "if something happens I need you to stay safe, alright? I can handle the situation if it goes badly, but I want you to keep enough distance that you can find safety if need be."

I smiled at him and laughed lightly. "You're talking like this is dangerous," I said. "It's nothing, Asher. Don't worry about me. We're just going in to talk with Beatrice. It's like a business meeting, I bet."

Just talking, right? Nothing more than that. Accusations, yes, and perhaps a heated discussion, but what was Asher thinking? It worried me that he was worried, and I didn't understand it. This wasn't... this wasn't... I didn't actually know what this was, but I knew deep down that everything would be fine.

"I'm sure you're right." He kissed me on the lips, lingering. "I'm worried, that's all. It's silly."

"You two getting out?" Jeremy asked. "You want me to stay here or come in?"

"It's probably best if you stay here," Asher said. "If Beatrice sees all of us, it could seem overly confrontational. I want to settle this as peacefully as possible."

"Sure thing, boss."

Asher opened the car door on his side and stepped out. He stood to his full height and brushed down his suit jacket, peering at his surroundings. I watched him, enthralled. Asher was the kind of person who looked commanding in almost any setting, I realized. In Landseer Tower, yes, and in his home, of course, but when I saw him look like that now, standing on the street having just exited the car, I realized this was him always. It wasn't something he did intentionally, it was a part of him.

He jogged around the car to my side and opened the door for me. When he reached inside, I took his offered hand and let him help me out. He smiled and kissed me again, this time on the forehead.

"Ready?" he asked.

"I'm ready," I said.

We walked to the front door of the bookstore, side by side. No hand holding this time, not like when we'd left his office the other day. I understood, since we needed to act discrete and not upset Beatrice, even if she'd done more than her fair share of upsetting both Asher and I, but still. I would have liked to have the feel of his hand in mine, that tiny bit of comfort.

Asher opened the door for me and I stepped inside. Robert had finished setting up my area since the last time and I nearly rushed over in glee to investigate what he'd done, but I stopped myself. At the counter, older, with fading red and grey hair, stood Robert.

"Jessika!" he said, smiling wide. "Wonderful for you to stop by. I've added some new additions to your shelves. Do you want to see?"

Asher stepped in behind me and nodded to Robert.

"Oh, did you bring a friend?" Robert asked. He never missed a stride and moved out behind the counter to greet us both. "I'm Robert," he said, holding out his hand.

Asher took his hand and shook it. "Asher," he said. "It's a pleasure to meet you."

"You look familiar," Robert said. "Have you been here before?"

"No." Asher shook his head. "It's a lovely place, though. Jessika has said nice things about it. I'm hoping to become more of a frequenter. I always enjoy a good book."

"Well, Jessika's been a great help here. I should probably pay her, that's how useful she is, but, well..."

I shook my head. "No, no. I like it. I just come in for fun."

"I know. I appreciate it. Shall we go see the new additions to your section? Maybe your friend will find it interesting. I'd love to-"

"We didn't actually come for that right now, Robert," I said. The confused look in his eyes hurt to see, but I promised myself I'd make it up to him later.

"I was hoping you'd know my wife," Asher added, taking control of the conversation. "Beatrice Landseer? Or do you know a Solomon Royce? He works for me, and..."

"Oh," Robert said. "Oh! You're Asher. Asher Landseer. Yes, I recognize you. I... this isn't really... I should have tidied up. It doesn't always look like this, you see, and..."

"No, no. It looks wonderful. It reminds me of my library at home. I'd love to look around after, but I have pressing matters to attend to with Beatrice and Solomon right now."

Robert nodded. "I think they're out back. It was a surprise when they first came here, actually. I don't know what brought them, but they've offered to help me out quite a lot. I'm sure you're aware, since you're Beatrice's husband. She's a little harsh sometimes, but I think deep down she's a good person. Should I go get them?"

"Oh, no. Jessika knows her way around, right?"

I nodded. "You can stay here for the early morning rush, Robert. We'll only be a second."

Robert guffawed. "Early morning rush. Right! I think having you four in the store is the most people I've had this early in the morning in years."

I grinned. "We'll buy four times as much before we leave. How about that?"

"That would be wonderful," Robert said. "You don't have to, of course, but that would be wonderful. Your wife and that other fellow are in the back, Mr. Landseer. It's a little hectic over there, so please pardon the clutter. I use it as storage for extra bookcases mainly."

"I'll show you," I said to Asher, tugging on his jacket sleeve. To Robert, I added, "Thank you, Robert."

Robert nodded and shuffled back around the counter, fiddling with a few of the books stored back there.

I led Asher through the bookstore. We passed by my section briefly and I whispered to him about it, explaining how Robert had set it up for me. He smiled and glanced at a few of the books before we pressed on.

Robert's bookstore was mostly orderly, but nothing like a conventional bookstore. He set up little reading areas behind bookcases shaped into rooms, with blank spaces as doors. Asher and I walked past the children's reading area, where some local parents brought their younger kids for special readings after school, and then through the gaming room. That was my idea, too, even if I knew nothing about it. The older kids, high school level or so, loved playing these trading card games and adventures and dragons or something, so why not give them a place to do it here? The bookstore was nearly an impromptu after-school daycare in those regards, but Robert seemed to like it. He made a few sales from it, and it filled the store with more people and kept him busy.

There were a few more cornered off spots, also, and we passed those on our way to the back warehouse; a romance readers group section and a sci-fi/fantasy one, too. I fondly remembered one time when there was a group of romance readers trying to discuss something in their section while a bunch of fantasy lovers had decided to come by the bookstore before heading off to a movie premier. The fantasy guys(and one girl) had dressed up as characters from the movie and were making a bit of a ruckus, play-acting out scenes. The romance people huffed about it to Robert and he let them use the book club room until the fantasy movie-goers left to catch their flick, but the looks on their faces were priceless; a little upset, a little confused, and kind of laughing but not quite.

We arrived at the entrance to the backroom. Nailed to the door was a sign that read "Employees Only."

"Don't worry," I said. "I think Robert's just hired you. You'll make a good librarian."

Asher grinned. He stepped forward and twisted the doorknob, then opened the door and gestured for me to go ahead. I did and he followed behind me, closing the door after us.

Rows upon rows of bookcases greeted us inside. Some were fine, stacked next to each other in no particular order, but others were rickety and on their last legs. A few broken shelves lay in a pile to the right, tossed their carelessly to await their fate in a heap on the street when garbage day came. The backroom was an old, small warehouse of sorts, where the previous owner had stockpiled goods and received truckloads of supplies through a single loading dock far in the back. Robert didn't use the loading dock often now, since he never ordered enough books to find it necessary, but the large door was still there.

Voices crawled through the air towards us, creepy, wispy sounds, and the lights overhead illuminated the storage area with a pale, faded glow. Beatrice and Solomon were talking to one another, sounding far off and away.

"After this weekend the insurance policy for every resort will lapse," Solomon said. "If they don't receive payment by early Monday morning, that part is settled. Then we send the exterminator to that bookstore owner's daughter's house. We'll have him fix the girl's bed bug infestation, but he'll collect some of the bugs and keep them stored. We don't need a lot for this plan, since it's mostly smoke and mirrors, anyways. A couple infested rooms at Landseer resorts will do the trick. Asher will, no doubt, find out, but with the unfortunate loss of insurance, it'll be a financial burden to eradicate every hotel and vacation resort. Not to mention the exterminators aren't going to actually do anything and will just put down generic foggers without insecticides as opposed to treating the problem properly."

"I've arranged for someone to follow them today," Beatrice said, confirming Asher's earlier suspicions. "I doubt it'll lead to much, but we should have some juicy photos heading to the tabloid news sources after that. They can mess around with the pictures if necessary and make it look worse than it is."

Solomon laughed. "Good, good. Careful with that, though. We don't want Asher to file a lawsuit that he might win."

"Oh, of course not. I'll reluctantly confirm everything if asked, which someone's bound to do, and start the divorce proceedings that way."

I gritted my teeth, becoming so extremely frustrated at what I was hearing. Did they really expect this to work? Granted, it seemed like it should, especially if Asher and I never found out, but... Argh! It annoyed me so much. How could either of them do this? Why would they? They were just so relentlessly vindictive over nothing and I didn't understand it.

And exploiting Robert's daughter's bed bug problem for their own gain? I knew Robert and his daughter probably couldn't afford to hire an exterminator on their own, so they must have put an ad up somewhere asking about a discounted rate or something like that. Solomon and Beatrice swoop in, pretending to be nice people and...

"Great. Don't forget to sell off the rest of your stock soon. The price will drop drastically once word hits the streets about the endless bed bug problem at the Landseer resorts. I have a few people lined up to file lawsuits, too. I'll send out supposedly good-intentioned press releases in regards to the issue and confirm Asher's knowledge of the problem months before it grew out of control. He doesn't even take a second glance at the reports I show him now, anyways, so he won't be able to deny it. I'll make up some excuse, and..."

Asher left my side. He strode through the backroom, weaving between bookcases, heading for the source of Solomon's and Beatrice's voices. I hurried after him, trying to keep up, but he was apparently a man on a mission and refused to let anything stop his progress. By the time he found them, I was still sneaking between a close together, tight pair of bookcase obstructing the only access to the corner spot that Solomon and Beatrice had claimed.

"Hello," Asher said. His voice nearly boomed compared to the sly tones of Beatrice and Solomon. "Thank you for inviting me to this meeting. I definitely appreciate your concern. I think we have a lot to discuss, don't you?"

I shoved through to the edge of the empty spot where we all now stood just in time to see the end of Beatrice's wide-eyed glare.

"What are you doing here?" Solomon asked.

"Are we going to play this game, Solomon?" Asher said. "Shall I ask you the same thing, or can we cut through this nonsense?"

"You shouldn't know about this," Beatrice said, more annoyed than distressed.

"Yes, well, you can thank Jessika for that."

I'd rejoined Asher by his side, keeping a step back like he'd asked me. Turning towards me, he acted as if he were introducing me to the group. Beatrice and Solomon recognized me, but for wildly different reasons.

"So that's why you were in my office the other day," Solomon said. "If I had known Asher would come for you, I'd have dragged you somewhere else and had my way with you. Locking the door against the man with keys to every office isn't much use, I suppose."

"You know her?" Beatrice asked him. "This is outrageous. I let you into my home and was accepting of you. I went to that filthy doctor's office just to offer my support for Asher's ridiculous plan, and you do this to me?"

"Shut up, Beatrice," Asher said. "Stop being dramatic. I know you're not infertile, too. You weren't accepting of Jessika, you were going to use her to further your plans. Obviously it didn't work."

"Well," Solomon said. "We're at an impasse, I suppose. What do you propose now? What's done is done, and I have a hard time mustering up the inclination to undo my part of it."

"You can stop this," Asher said. "Both of you. Let's be adults here. I'll need to let you go, Solomon, but I'll sign a non-disclosure agreement about your release. For all anyone needs to know, you left the company for personal reasons. I'll give you a good benefits package and a brilliant reference to anyone who wants to hire you, though I doubt you'll need it."

To Beatrice, he added, "And you obviously never respected our marriage, Beatrice. Why did you have to do it this way, though? Couldn't you talk to me like an equal and explain that it wasn't working out? I tried, I did everything I could to make you happy, and you betray me like this? If you wanted a divorce... I would have done it. I wouldn't have left you empty-handed, either. We could have worked it out."

"It's not all about you, Asher!" Beatrice nearly spat his name out. "I do want a divorce, but not on your terms. I don't want to settle anything, I want to rip it out of your hands. I'm tired of you and your presumed kindness. You're altogether far too nice. You take in people off the streets, like Jeremy and Jessika. You associate with the servants in the house as if they were wonderful people. It's ridiculous. They aren't wonderful, they are hired help. We don't need to be friends with them, we need them to do their damn jobs!"

"I'm sorry you feel that way. I really, truly am."

"Yes, well, if you like them so much, then why don't I help you become like them? That was my thought process, you know? It's wonderful, isn't it? I'm a very loving wife."

"How can you be so mean?" I asked in a sudden outburst. I was scared and worried and anxious, but I needed to speak. "Asher's so loving. I don't understand how you could hate him so much."

"Yes, well, you wouldn't, would you? My father treated Asher better than me most of the time. He acted like Asher was the son he wished he had. I was just a bargaining chip, really, to join our family's together. I don't expect you to understand that because you don't have the class to. It's a simple reality and I knew from the moment I met Asher that we'd need to marry. A necessity and nothing more, and now I can be rid of him and shame him in front of both our families."

"And if I tell your father?" Asher asked.

Beatrice cackled, pretending to almost fall off her feet. "Are we in kindergarten, Asher? Let's be real here. Despite what my father thinks of you, he won't care one bit for you or your words once you're living in ruins. I'll be the smart one who saw through your ruse, recognized your mistress for what she was, and silently sold off my stocks in hopes of beginning a new life once I had hard evidence of your indiscretions. I'll be the woman every woman wishes she was. Strong, confident, independent."

"And you, Solomon?"

"Sorry, Asher, but I never much liked you. You're too naive. I can't even begin to fathom half of your business plans. Letting the regular office workers leave early the other day? That's just the most recent example, too. Do you know how much work we could have finished if they stayed? You're far too nice for this line of work, and I know you've made it thus far, but obviously that's about to change. You don't have the mettle to stop it."

"I'll go get Jeremy," I whispered to Asher. "If they won't listen to reason, we can call the police."

Asher nodded.

When I began to leave, Beatrice screamed at me. "Where do you think you're going? Do you think you can just leave here?"

"I gave you a choice, Beatrice! Solomon, too." Asher sighed, looking to the ground. "I gave you both a choice and you rejected it. You've forced my hand and I have no other option but to retaliate in the only way left to me. There's plenty of evidence for me to hand over to the authorities and have you taken into custody."

"You think so, do you?" Solomon asked. He paused and laughed. "Wait a moment, Jessika. You won't want to leave yet."

I hesitated by the close-together bookcases and looked over my shoulder.

The lights above lit the area around us, but with their dull glow they left elongated shadows from the bookcases. The shadows seemed to consume parts of Asher, and Solomon's lower body, Beatrice's left side. Solomon reached into his suit coat, slipping it aside as easily as if it were a shadow, and pulled out a gun.

I stared, aghast, and then I screamed.

"Obviously I didn't want it to come to this," Solomon said. "If you're not going to go down quietly, I'm going to have to force you down, though."

"Solomon," Asher said, even and steady. He acted far more calm than I thought he should. "Do you really want to do this?"

"Dammit, Asher! Of course I don't want to. If you're going to try and flaunt your control and issue ultimatums then I'm going to show you who has the upper hand here, though." With a smirk, Solomon added, "Take a hint: it's not you."

"This wasn't in our plans, Solomon," Beatrice said slowly. "We never talked about this."

"I don't care if it was in the plans or not. If you want to ruin Asher Landseer, then you have to be willing to take risks. That's what this has been about the entire time. The rest of what we've done is illegal, too, if you haven't realized it, Beatrice. This is no different. It's just going to be more difficult to cover up after the fact, but I'm prepared to accept that."

"Fine, but..." Beatrice stammered. It was the first time I'd seen her caught off guard entirely. "Fine. If you think this is best, then so be it."

"Are you serious?" I yelled. "Are both of you serious right now? You want to not only destroy Landseer Enterprises, but you're willing to kill Asher, too?"

"You wouldn't understand," Solomon said. "You're from an entirely different world. In our world, in business, you have to take risks. You can't do things half-assed. If you don't prepare to go all in, then you might as well just leave before you start. It's a simple premise, and one which people like you would never understand."

"I can't do this," I said. "Asher, I'm sorry, but I don't understand this. I'm going to... I'm going to get help. Please... please come."

I started to wriggle my way between the bookcases. Asher glanced over his shoulder at me, favoring me with a sad look. "Don't worry," he said.

I was halfway through the impeding bookcases, I was going to get help, and then Solomon fired the gun. I couldn't see what he hit, who or where, but the sound of it blared into my ears, momentarily deafening me. I screamed and shoved myself through the bookcases, trying to get help. From Robert, or a customer, the police, anyone. For Asher. They wouldn't kill him, they couldn't, and... if they did, they would kill me, too.

I was afraid for my life, but it was more than that, too. People like Beatrice and Solomon, they might think they understand themselves-their world, as they put it-but there was so much more than that. Yes, maybe I couldn't comprehend being rich, but maybe I didn't want to, either. Maybe I liked the way I was, and maybe if I gained money as a part of that I'd be fine with it. But it wasn't necessary for my happiness, and I think Asher understood a bit of that, too.

He would, he had to. Asher didn't do things for money, but he had money because he did things. He loved and wanted and admired and adored. He controlled his business, yes, and he was overbearing at times, but it wasn't because he wanted money, it was because he loved what he did. It all made sense to me now. He said he tried to love Beatrice, and I'm sure he did, but he couldn't comprehend how to do it because Beatrice didn't want to accept him.

I accepted him, but it was more than that, too. I allowed Asher to love me the way he needed to love me. A little dominating, sometimes infuriating, but that was Asher and if I wanted a part of him, then I needed all of him. He never pushed me too hard, but just enough. He never...

I loved Asher so very much and I felt my heart racing at the thought of it. My fear tangled with my love, fighting for space in my chest, and I could barely breathe at the mass of emotion. Asher was dying. Solomon shot him. I needed to get away from here, not only because Asher had asked me to, but because he couldn't die. I'd call the police, get an ambulance. They'd save him. I would ride with him to the hospital and make sure he was safe and...

"Go!" Beatrice screamed. "Go after her!"

"Why did you do that?" Solomon asked.

What were they talking about? I had no idea.

"Go!"

Solomon pursued me. I escaped from between the bookcases and into more open territory, except with unwanted tears blurring my vision I didn't know where I was. Where did I go, what did I do? I bolted for a bright light, unsure exactly where it was but thinking I should go towards it. To the store, to the front. I could close the door behind me and lock Solomon in while I ran to Robert and we called for help.

I ran, faster, tripping over the scattered remnants of bookcases and shelves and metal rods. My feet felt heavy and thick like I'd worn tight shoes all day and had just taken them off. My blouse caught on a shattered piece of a bookcase, ripping when I pulled at it in my frantic escape.

I heard Solomon behind me, dodging past wooden debris, chasing me. He ran fast, faster, and when I glanced over my shoulder at him I saw him toting his gun around, the metal gleaming in the dull light from above.

I dashed forward towards the bright light, expecting to escape and settle this, except the large loading dock door blocked my way. I stared, dumbfounded.

I hadn't run towards the door connecting the storage area to the shop; I'd run to the unused loading dock in the complete opposite direction.

Solomon gained on me and, seeing me stricken and still, slowed his pursuit. He jogged the rest of the way, moving towards me at a leisurely pace. I stared at him, beyond him, but I couldn't do it for long, couldn't stand to see him approach. Looking down, afraid and ashamed, feeling distress at having tried so hard and failed, I noticed something odd.

It didn't quite stick in my mind as to how, or why, but the loading dock door was open. Not by much, just about half a foot off the ground, but enough that...

I fell to the ground, scrambling forward, trying to crawl beneath the door. It was a tight fit-too tight-but this was a matter of life or death. If I could escape, if I could...

"Do you really think it's that easy?" Solomon asked.

He pointed the gun straight at me with his finger poised next to the trigger.

"Please," I said. "Please don't do this."

Solomon's finger pulled back, slow and steady. With the gun aimed at my head and with me an easy target, prone on the ground, there was no way he could miss me. I closed my eyes, felt the helplessness of my feet dangling in the air. My futile escape amounted to nothing, because now I was dead.

A heavy crack rippled through the air. That's it, I thought. He's fired, and in half a second I'm dead. Half a second passed by, but I still felt alive. And another, then a few seconds more, and...

"Are you going to stay down there or what?" Jeremy asked.

I blinked, once, twice, and opened my eyes. Solomon lay crumpled on the ground, his body lying in an unnatural pose, limbs akimbo, head twisted and looking up at the ceiling with his eyes glossy and disoriented. Behind him, standing, was Jeremy with a half-broken piece of plank in his hands; apparently the remnants of a bookcase shelf.

"Where's Asher?" he asked.

"Jeremy, help, please. I need to... I'm stuck. Jeremy!" I clawed at the floor, trying to free myself from being stuck under the loading dock door.

Exasperated, nearly crying-why was Jeremy crying?-he ran over and pulled me loose. He helped me stand and hugged me tight.

"Jessika, where's Asher? He sent me a text that said 'help.' I went around back and saw this door and figured... well, I figured I'd pull a you and sneak in to see if I could help, but then I heard you screaming and saw Solomon chase you. I hid and waited and thank God I did because... I just can't even believe this. This is too crazy."

"Asher," I whispered. "Jeremy, he shot him. Solomon shot Asher. I was trying to get help and I heard it and..."

"Let's go," he said.

I nodded and ran, trying to explain to Jeremy where to go. I didn't even know where, barely knew how to navigate the bookstore storage warehouse, but Jeremy seemed to get the hang of it. He knew something, maybe a sixth sense? I don't know, not exactly, but we rushed back to where they were and I saw Beatrice kneeling at Asher's side.

He was dead, there was blood, and...

"I don't hate you," Beatrice said, pushing back his hair. "I never really hated you, Asher. I wish we had talked more. Maybe... I just don't hate you. I don't know why Solomon did that. I don't want you to die."

"Step back," Jeremy said, fording his way through and reaching Asher's side. "What did you do? Is he dead?"

"He's not dead, you idiot!" She glared fiercely at Jeremy, but upon seeing us both, seeing me, she softened. "He's not dead. I... I pushed Solomon aside before he shot. Asher fell, though. He scraped his hand. It's only a minor cut, it's not deep. It all happened so fast and Solomon left so I don't think he really understood what happened. You're alright, though, right?" She looked down at Asher, touching her fingers to his cheek.

Asher croaked, his voice coming out in dry, harsh sounds. "Is Jessika alright?" he asked.

Beatrice frowned, just for a second. "She's fine. Jessika is fine. She came back for you. Jeremy is here, too. Everyone is fine, Asher."

"I'm going to call the police," Jeremy said. "Don't think you're off the hook, Beatrice." He looked at me and added, "Jessika, watch her."

"I won't go anywhere," Beatrice said. She shuffled to the side, leaving me a space next to Asher. "Go ahead."

Jeremy left, running through the backroom to the store to Robert. I wandered over to Asher, still scared, but so very happy. He wasn't dead, he wasn't...

I knelt next to him and sat on the backs of my heels and thighs, smiling.

"Jessika," Asher said. "Oh God, I'm so sorry. I didn't think something like this would ever happy. I just... I don't even know. I shouldn't have put you in danger like this. We should have called the police. We should never have come here."

"No," I said. "It's fine. I understand. You wanted to settle things without resorting to that. You had hope."

Asher nodded slightly from the ground, his cheek shifting across the tile floor. Then he closed his eyes and remained silent.

"Did he hit his head?" I asked.

"Maybe. I think so," Beatrice said. "He must have. I'm not sure. I didn't see it happen exactly. Everything happened so fast."

"He tried to love you," I said. "He really did."

"Yes, well, I never tried to love him," she said. "Maybe I should have, but I didn't. You'll think that's mean, but I'm just telling you the truth. I was too angry to love him."

I tousled Asher's hair. If he had a concussion, he needed to wake up, and soon. As reluctant as I was to do it, I knew I should shake him awake and keep him aware until medical help arrived.

"I think he loves you very much," Beatrice said. She looked sad and alone and I felt a little bad for her, but she'd brought this upon herself. She knew full well what the consequences to her actions were before she started this. "He kept asking about you. I didn't know what to tell him."

And then, as I shook Asher's shoulder to make sure he was awake, Beatrice whispered, "I'm glad Jeremy came. I'm glad you're alright. I never wanted Solomon to kill anyone." She held Asher's cell phone in her hand, squeezing it so tightly that her knuckles turned white.

...

When we arrived back at the Landseer estate after the police showed up, I immediately went and sat on the couch in Asher's guest home, slumping onto it. I was so tired, physically and mentally exhausted, and I wanted to go to sleep. But, no, I couldn't. I had things to do, and I needed to do them soon before I changed my mind.

Asher was alright. He'd declined going to the hospital. After the paramedics checked him out, they said he should be fine to leave, but to take it easy and be careful. If anything happened, anything at all, they wanted him to rush to the emergency room. Jeremy practically had to force him to agree while I stood and watched on, too shy to say anything.

The truth of the matter was, I didn't belong here. I knew that before, but I knew it even more now. With all that happened, this wasn't the right thing to do. Not just for me, but for Asher, too. I'd caused him so many problems, caused him so much grief. He'd say that it wasn't my fault, and I understood that it wasn't entirely my fault, but to some degree it was. I could have gone to the police myself, could have prevented a lot of this. I could have...

I don't know exactly what I should have done, but there were a lot of things I could have done, and almost every single one of them seemed better than what I had done. I wasn't the sort of person Asher needed in his life, whether he thought he loved me or not. And, it didn't matter if I loved him, because that was beside the point. If I truly loved him, then I'd do whatever I could to make him happy, including leaving so he could move on with his life and become a better person without me.

I waited, laying against the couch, staring up at the ceiling. I saw the slight gap where the projector came out and pointed to the screen that descended above the fireplace. We'd watched two movies on it-his favorite movie, and mine-but no more. I teared up a little thinking about that. I'd see plenty of movies in the future, but none of them with Asher. I couldn't. It was impossible.

I stumbled off the couch and staggered towards the stairs. Shuffling up to the second floor, I went into the master bedroom. Neither of us had bothered to make the bed after we left it this morning, so it was still a mess. The silken shirt Asher had used to tie me to the headboard lay in two ragged pieces on the floor, and he'd tossed the blankets into a pile by the foot of the bed, too.

We left a stain, I noticed, smiling. Nothing too obvious, but I knew where and what to look for and saw it immediately. I laughed thinking about it, thinking, and...

I burst into tears. This was really too much and I needed to stop doing this to myself. I ran into the bathroom and grabbed my things, then ran out just as quickly and shut the door. Making a beeline for the bureau, I held my hand up to the side of my head to block my view of the bed. I only had a few of my own belongings here and I snatched them up from the bureau, then stuffed them into my empty duffel bag laying limp near the bedroom door.

That was everything, that was it. I left the bedroom and closed the door behind me, unwilling to look back.

I raced out of the house as quickly as I could, out and into the open air of the estate grounds. I wanted to ask Jeremy to drive me home, but I realized I couldn't. I needed to walk, because otherwise he'd tell Asher and I didn't know what Asher would do.

I trekked to the front gates, quick and frantic, and tried to push them open but they wouldn't budge. Jeremy always opened them with a remote on the dashboard of the car, but they should open some other way. Some button, or something on the inside, right? I dropped my bag and went to the side of the gate to look for the opening mechanism.

I found it, pushed the button, and the gates began to open. As soon as I picked up my bag, the gates began to close again. I dashed towards the button and pushed it once more, but before the gates even opened an inch, they started closing again.

Off to the side I saw Jeremy, remote in one hand, phone in the other. He was doing something with his phone while making sure the gates remained closed. I tossed my bag onto the ground and stomped over to him.

"What do you think you're doing?" I asked.

"What do you think you're doing?" he replied.

"I'm leaving."

"Why?"

"Because," I said. "I don't belong here, Jeremy. I shouldn't stay here. Asher's better off without me. I don't deserve any of this. This isn't..."

Asher stumbled out of the house. He wasn't in any serious pain, nor did he have any serious injury, but I knew he was more than a little out of it after what had happened only an hour or so ago. He sprinted across the grass, along the driveway, towards where Jeremy and I stood.

"What's going on?" Asher asked.

"She's leaving," Jeremy said. "Apparently. I don't know."

"That's right," I said. "I'm going home."

"Why?" Asher asked. He looked so upset. Why was he upset?

"I can't do this, Asher. I just can't do it." I was crying. Why was I crying? "I want you to be happy, but I can't do it! I need to leave before I change my mind. Please tell Jeremy to open the gate for me."

Asher grabbed me. He bent down and swooped me into his arms and I kicked my legs and flailed my hands.

"Let me down!" I screamed. "You're going to hurt yourself!"

"If you don't stop moving so much, not only will I drop you, but yes, I'll hurt myself."

Because he was an idiot and wouldn't listen to reason, I stopped moving. Why did he have to do this? It didn't change anything. I bawled, tears streaming down my face, completely and utterly lost in my depression. This shouldn't happen. It just shouldn't.

He carried me inside, all pretense of following the paramedic's orders gone. He carried me through the hallways, to places I didn't even know existed. I hadn't spent a lot of time in his main house and it was all so foreign to me, so fancy. Pictures on the walls and elegant carpets under our feet. Expensive vases on fancy tables sitting in front of windows as pure decoration and nothing more; no flowers, just vases. Asher carried me through his house until we reached one large set of doors, then he kicked them open and marched inside. Only then did he put me down.

"I don't understand why you did that," I said. "I wish you hadn't."

He went back to the doors and closed them, pulling on the ornate, gilded handles. Clicking a latch shut, he locked us inside.

"Look," he said.

I looked, for all the good it would do me.

He'd brought me to a library. It was nothing like the one in his guest home, and yet something like it, too. Entirely different, but still very much comfortable and cozy. A hearth off to the side, large enough for four people to lounge in front of it, lay waiting for winter and a cozy fire, with people sitting in front of it and toasting marshmallows. The bookcases were different, extravagant, with rolling ladders perched on the sides like something out of classic literature. Mahogany tables cluttered with books and candelabras with half-used candles, and writing pads and old-fashioned quills, plus new pens and a few pencils.

Plus books; a million books. Hidden in a corner was an ancient-looking card catalog, with a desk and a reference computer next to it. Did Asher really have a computer just to keep track of all of his books? Probably, yes, and it did seem useful.

The library in his main house was massive, a two-story affair with an open center. I glanced up for a moment and saw catwalks on the second "floor" of the library, with stairs leading up to them, going all the way around the perimeter of the room. More shelves up there, more books, more everything. It seemed so magical and I thought for a second that I'd fallen asleep on the couch in his guest home and dreamed all of this.

In the center of the library I saw a small dais with a broken book placed reverently atop it. A glass dome covered and protected the book. It was a copy of Dante's Inferno, the one I'd ruined the first day Asher and I ever met.

"You can't leave," Asher said.

"Why not?" I asked, somehow managing to push aside my tears. "There's no point for me to stay," I said. "Every reason I initially came here for is gone now, so I think it's best for me to go."

"No," Asher said. "I want to hire you."

"Hire me for what? I don't want to be your assistant anymore, Asher. I don't want to do that. And even if I did, I can do it from my own home. I can go into work like everyone else. I don't need to live here."

Asher furrowed his brow. "Jessika, I..."

"What, Asher?" I asked. "Give me one good reason to stay, because I don't think there are any."

"I love you," he said, fast; too fast. "I do. I thought you knew that, and..."

"You don't," I said. "You love the idea of me. You loved that I was willing to give you children, and you love that I... I don't know what you love, but you don't love me."

"No," he said. He moved towards me but I moved away.

"Stop," I said.

He didn't stop. He kept coming and I tried to back away, but there was nowhere to hide. I stood pressed against a bookshelf, trapped, with nowhere to go.

"Jessika," he said. "I don't care about any of that. I don't care about children, or money. If I lose everything, so be it. I understand that it could happen. I take that risk every single day and I realize that no matter what I do, sometimes it's impossible to succeed. You risk everything, but for what? I enjoy it, my work and my business, but if everything suddenly came crashing down, as it almost did today, I could live without it."

"I don't understand," I said.

"I don't want to live without it, but I could," he said. "I couldn't live without you, though. Not now, and not ever. You mean so much to me. I want to know everything about you. I... will you go on a date with me?"

"You're asking me on a date?" I asked, trying not to laugh, crying as I did. "I think it's a bit late for that."

"No," he said. "It's never too late. It's always possible. I want to go on a date with you now, and next week. In a month from now. In twenty years. I'd like to ask you out on a date when we're both old, with gray hair and wrinkles. Good wrinkles, though, from smiling too much and laughing."

"Asher," I said, hesitant. "Please don't do this."

"I'm doing it," he said. "I need to know your answer. I'm sorry for pressuring you, but I need to know."

I stood there, quiet, knowing full well I had to deny him and leave. I needed to.

"Yes," I said, a quiet utterance. Louder, I repeated myself, "Yes." I stepped forward, fell into his arms. We went to the ground slowly, huddled together. "I'm so scared, Asher. I'm so scared. I don't know if I can do this."

"I know," he said. "I'm scared, too. Please, just give me a chance, though. Please?"

Through my sobs, I asked, "Will you give me a chance, too?"

He kissed me, lay me on the soft carpets in the library and pressed his lips to mine. I melted and all emotion abandoned me except for Asher's love and affection. Why had I wanted to leave? I knew full well why, but I was lying to myself about the reason. I didn't want to leave just for Asher, I wanted to leave for me, too. This was so new and unknown and before when it was more of a secret and private it felt different and safer, but now that it was open and public I was afraid.

We lay on the carpet and cuddled and kissed, and I don't know when exactly it happened, but I fell asleep in Asher's arms, my lips touching his, comfortable and close.

...

Beatrice and Solomon were arrested and went to jail. More of a high profile place than anything, and likely far more comfortable than they deserved, but Asher never wanted them to be in serious trouble in the first place. He couldn't understand what had pushed them so far, but he knew it wasn't up to him to forgive them, either. They'd entrenched themselves too deeply in illegal activities to dodge federal offenses, and there was nothing more he could do.

To help out, Asher had paid the exterminator costs for Robert's daughter, too. It seemed like the least he could do for the man after causing such trouble in the back room. The first day after the arrest, Robert was shaken up, but after that he seemed peppy enough about it. Later, the bookstore owner said that all the news coverage and publicity surrounding the shop caused a boom in business. Asher grinned when he heard that.

He went to visit Beatrice in jail sometimes, too. He knew he shouldn't, but he went anyways. She was actually friendly with him now. Her father never came to visit her, no matter how hard Asher tried to convince him. It only seemed to solidify her point towards him that day in the bookstore. He tried not to think about it.

And, actually, it was Beatrice's idea for him to take Jessika to the Solage Calistoga. She'd already made the reservations and while he could cancel them easily enough, why waste it? Not that he needed Beatrice's validation, but she said Jessika was nice and that maybe she was wrong. Maybe nice people were fine, and maybe you didn't have to be rude to people all the time in order to throw your weight around and force them to respect you.

It was very strange seeing Beatrice like this, but he liked it. They wouldn't get back together-in fact they'd already signed divorce papers and she'd agreed to it readily-but he thought that after she served her time in prison they could become friends. Maybe they were already friends now.

Jessika visited occasionally, too. Asher left her alone in the room with Beatrice once when Beatrice asked him to. He wandered through the hallways, going to the guest cafeteria. It was a sparse, utilitarian place, but he liked the hot chocolate they served. He ordered two cups(one for Jessika later), sat on a screeching metal chair at an empty table and waited.

It was a little sad here, but hopeful, too. Dark greys inside, with bars on the windows. Beatrice had her own cell, of course, and most basic commodities, cable television, access to DVDs and books and most other things. Still, it was imprisonment. But when he looked outside, he saw a glimmer of what the prisoners must know. A few birds chirped and flew around the prison grounds and offered a view of happiness.

...

"Alright," Beatrice said, completely serious.

I listened to her and nodded and I felt somewhat awkward but she'd asked specifically if she could speak with me alone, and then Asher had left, so...

"I ordered everything. This includes chocolate fondue, but I don't expect you to..."

"I know," I said. "I heard you that day. I was beneath the bed. Asher told you that, I thought?"

"Yes. I apologize for that. I enjoyed hearing about Solomon's conquests. I know you two never had sex, but at the time it was exciting to me."

"Well..." Ugh. Well, what? "I'm not going to tell you about Asher and I, so please don't ask."

"I don't care if you tell me," Beatrice said, snooty. Asher said she was different, but I really didn't see it. "I just don't want you misusing the fondue. I ordered it for a very specific reason, and if you aren't going to use it for that then I'd prefer if you tossed it out."

"Alright," I said.

"Alright what?" she asked.

"Alright, I'll use it for what you intended or I'll toss it out."

"You aren't going to tell me which?"

"No!"

Beatrice frowned. "I wish you wouldn't be so difficult."

"Can't we talk about something else?" I asked. "I didn't think I was here to gossip with you."

"Are you going to still have his children?" she asked, all of a sudden, completely out of nowhere. From what Asher told me, she'd never asked about this before.

"I... we..." I didn't know what to say. "Yes, but naturally."

"That's nice," Beatrice said. She smiled, and I think it was the first time I'd ever really seen her looking genuinely happy without a streak of meanness at all. "Well, you can go now. I have things to do. I would like it if you came back and told me about your trip."

...

"Have you thought about becoming a writer?" Asher asked me.

"Asher, please," I whined. "Not now."

He grinned and looked me in the eyes. Leaning above me on the bed, he hovered over my face and kissed me delicately on the nose. "I'm going to wait until you answer me."

Why? Why was he doing this? Or, perhaps a better question, why had I agreed to this? We were at the Solage Calistoga, back at our room, taking a break from our morning fun. For whatever reason(it hadn't seemed terrible at the time), I'd agreed to allow Asher to tie me to the bed. And not with something simple like a silken shirt binding my hands to the headboard, oh no. He'd gone all out, apparently having purchased high quality silk rope from a specialty store. I remember laughing at that, and then laying on the bed, dutiful. I spread my arms up and to my sides, then did the same with my legs, and Asher tied each of my limbs to the bed, leaving me spread eagled with my arms in the shape of a "Y."

It had seemed amusing at the time. Exciting! Interesting and fun. And it was all of that up until Asher joined me on the bed, kneeling between my open thighs with his c*ck poised and ready to enter me. But, no, he didn't. He built me up, and then he waited there, just barely pressing the head of his member into my waiting slit. I wanted him to push inside me, but instead he asked me if I ever thought about becoming a writer.

I pouted at him, my face twisting into something akin to annoyance and desire. "Please, Asher?" I asked. "Just a little? I can't answer you right now. It's so hard to think."

He kissed my neck and my br**sts, teasing my hardened n**ples with the tip of his tongue. His c*ck never moved, though, not an inch. It remained tightly tucked between my labia, ready to please me but refusing to do so until I submitted to him. Up, he kissed, back to my neck, my lips. I kissed him back in a fever of lust, hoping he'd feel my need and give in to me. He didn't.

"Just a quick answer," he said. He kissed my nose, then each of my eyelids; I kissed his chin and his cheeks. "Yes or no, that's all."

I couldn't just answer yes or no. The question required more. "Yes," I said softly, fully intending on continuing to say more.

He immediately pushed inside of me, but only a few inches. I bucked against his obtrusion and gasped.

"Yes yes yes, Asher." I let out a lusty sigh and pulled against the rope binding my wrists to the bed. I wanted to wrap my arms around him and pull him deeper into me, but with my current restraints it was impossible.

"And?" he asked.

"Are you really doing this?" I asked. "Are you really going to do this? I don't know how you can. You have far more willpower than me."

"That's a lie," he said. "I just get a lot of pleasure from watching you squirm on the bed. It's beautiful." He leaned down and kissed my ear. "You're beautiful, and if you tell me more I'll go all the way in. That's all you have to do. I love you, Jessika."

"I love you, too," I murmured. Steeling myself, I tried to fight against my inherent need. Granted, it was very difficult, what with about a third of Asher's c*ck pressing into me. I felt it, a warmth, a promise of more. His heat mixed with my arousal and, to tease me, every so often he flexed his cock, sending a surge of pleasure and promise through me. If I just stayed still and didn't say anything, maybe I could find a way to get myself off. This was exciting, but different. If I edged my h*ps just so, barely moved, wiggled my lower body up so that my cl*t barely brushed against his stomach(though this was far more difficult than it first seemed), and...

"If you don't answer me soon, I'm going to pull back out," Asher said.

"No no no," I said. "Yes, I've thought about it, but I'm not good enough, Asher. I do like to write, but I don't know what I would write. How would I do it? There's a lot to it, you know? It's not just writing, but editing and then do I send letters to an agent, or directly to publishing houses? Do I want a big publisher or a smaller one, or do I self-publish, or..."

Asher thrust into me. My lower lips kissed around the shaft of his c*ck like a lost lover. He was so close, yet had seemed so far away-if only for a moment-and now he was back again. Home. With me. Inside me, where I never wanted him to leave. He pressed deep into me, slow and relaxed. I savored it, biting my lower lip. Asher tried to kiss me, to distract me, but I whimpered and refused him, never stopped biting my lip. He kissed me anyways, on my nose and my eyelids, my forehead and my cheeks. He kissed me until he was all the way inside me, settled deep and fully, and then he stopped and watched me.

"Will you go out?" I asked. "Just once. Out and in. Slow. I answered your question. Please?"

"Yes," he said.

Out. What was out? I didn't even know, but it was wonderful. Asher pulled out of me with a slowness I didn't think any other man could possibly possess. So very very slow, the shaft of his c*ck dragging against my inner walls, teasing and tantalizing me in wonderful ways. The head of his c*ck flared as he flexed it, pounding inside my p**sy like a steady heartbeat. I felt every minuscule piece of his sexual flesh inching out of me.

Then back in. I quivered beneath him, resisting against my natural inclination to grind my h*ps up and against him. Instead, I squirmed. I squirmed because it felt nice and fun, and I squirmed because Asher enjoyed watching it. I loved the idea of him finding me sexier from something as small and inconsequential as that.

"Very good," he said when he was fully back inside of me. It wasn't nearly enough, but I felt satisfied for the moment.

"Are you going to ask me another question?" I asked.

"Yes," he said, but then he kissed me. I kissed him back, relishing the touch of his lips, reveling in the feeling of fullness brought about by his cock.

And then someone knocked on the door.

"I'll be right back," Asher said.

"No no no no," I begged. "Don't, don't."

But he did. He left me as easily as that, leaving me laying on the bed, nak*d and bound. Asher stepped over to the bathroom and grabbed a bathrobe from a hook hanging on the wall, then draped it over his nude form. He tied the cloth belt loose around his waist and fixed himself so that his erection wasn't too obvious.

"It's just room service," he said. "I'll only be a moment."

I wanted to scream at him, and possibly yell at the man at the door to go away and leave us alone, but I was still nak*d in the bed and if I made too much of a fuss I thought the room service man might get nervous and poke his head in a little too far and see me. I didn't want him to see me, I wanted Asher to see me. And Asher didn't want to see me, he wanted to answer the door for whatever room service he'd ordered.

I listened from the bedroom, but I couldn't hear much. Some exchange of words, a hasty thank you, and then the door closed and Asher wheeled in a cart of some sort. On top of the cart was a platter, and on the platter was an assortment of fruits, with a fondue bowl in a wire holder in the center, and a lit tealight candle beneath the bowl. Asher pushed the cart to the side of the bed, untied his robe and shrugged it off, then hopped back between my legs.

"In," I said. "Please?"

As if this were nothing, not even batting an eye, Asher positioned his hard erection towards my slick folds and pushed inside of me. Not slow this time, but steady, moving back where he belonged.

"Mmmmhh," I uttered.

"Tell me if this is too hot," Asher said.

He tested it first, dipping his finger into the melted chocolate in the fondue bowl, then, satisfied, dragged his fingertip from between my br**sts to my chin to my lips. I licked the chocolate from his finger, sucking and teasing at it, trying to tempt him to stop these games and ravish me.

"It tastes good," I said. "Not too hot, but a little. I can feel it, but it cools down quickly."

Asher nodded. Going back for more, he swirled his finger into the liquid chocolate, then picked it up and plopped it onto my nipple. With long, gentle strokes from his tongue, he lapped up his chocolate treat. I arched my back. The flash of heat on my nipple, then the subsequent twirl of his tongue cleaning it up sent spasms through my body. To make it worse, Asher angled his lower body in such a way that he could grind against my pelvis and torment my cl*t at the same time.

Then, more. Picking up the fondue bowl, he lifted it above my chest and dribbled it onto my br**sts. Hotter coming straight from the source, the molten chocolate dripped onto my body and flowed across my sensuous curves. It formed a river between my br**sts. Part of it snaked its way towards my neck, forming a pool at the bottom of my throat. The rest of the chocolate drifted down my stomach towards the center of my body. Myriad little streams of gooey delight cascaded along the side of my body, while most of the remainder settled into my belly button. A very small amount continued on, stretching across the hood of my clit, to my labia, to the base of Asher's cock.

Wherever the chocolate touched, it felt like the warmth of a kiss across my body, but without the pressure of lips behind it. Tiny, swift kisses, moving, liquid, over my soft skin, tempting me. Asher replaced the fondue bowl onto its stand. He pulled out of me, then thrust back in. Out and in again, then out and in once more. I felt it, intensified, and wanted him to continue, to smear chocolate all over my body and kiss me and make love to me.

He only thrust into me three times, though.

"Asher," I screamed. "My God! I'm going to die if you don't stop doing this!"

He stared at me, blinking, and laughed. "You're going to die if I don't give in and bring you to cli**x?" he asked.

When he said it like that, it sounded dumb, but yes, yes, I was. And I told him that. "Yes. I think so."

"Fine," he said. Leaning in close, he gave me a peck on the lips, then gazed into my eyes. "It's time, right?" he asked.

For a baby, he meant. It wasn't like we ever stopped hav**g s*x, but today and these few upcoming days fit my monthly schedule for becoming pregnant. Asher said he didn't want to plan it out and have sex because of a requirement, but I didn't expect him to tease me to the point of wanting him to make love to me multiple times over, either. I kind of liked the latter idea, though. If-was this the beginning? The thought churned in my mind, We made love this morning before we left, and then he'd teased me all the while on our tour of the petrified forest nearby. It was his suggestion to come back to the room for a light snack, too. We had a hike planned for later, but after that the rest of our day was free.

That must be it, I decided. He wanted to torment me into desiring him so badly that I gave in to him and allowed him to make love to me so much that we couldn't help but plant a seed for the future. Not that he needed to do the tormenting, nor did my desire really ever wane, but Asher had a horribly twisted idea of fun in these regards.

He licked my nose, snapping me out of my daydream.

"Ew!" I said, laughing. I squirmed, entirely meaning to. "Yes," I added. "It's time."

"One more question, then," he said. "Will you think about it? If you want, you can write in my office and when I have free time we can go to lunch together. Or do book reviews, if you'd like. I'll help you find a paper for a column. I'll do anything you need me to. I just want you to be happy. I don't want you to do it as a job, I want you to do it because you love it. I want to help you find your passion, because you've helped me find mine. I feel so alive now, Jessika, so much more than I ever was. I..."

I stared lovingly into his eyes at his admission. Asher was never guarded with me, but sometimes I knew he didn't know what to say or how to say it. I understood because I felt the same way at times. The two of us, together, was something that neither of us would ever fully be able to understand. We would try, though.

"Will you marry me?" he blurted out.

I laughed. "Asher, you already asked me that before we left for this trip. I said yes."

"I know." He grinned. "I wanted to ask again."

"I will," I said; he looked at me for a moment, confused. "I'd like to write, I mean. I think... I think that would be nice, you know? I did some writing in college and I enjoyed it, but it always seemed like a long shot, you know? Like, maybe doing book reviews would be better, and I know you can't make much money from that, but..."

As I talked to him, opened myself more to him, he slipped his c*ck out of me and then back in. Slow and steady, smooth, nodding to me and urging me on. Not just three thrusts this time, but more. I knew he wouldn't stop again.

"I..." I bit my lip, split between focusing on our bodies coming together and telling him my true feelings. "Reading seems safer, and book reviews are kind of like writing and reading together~oh!"

Asher picked up the pace. He reached beneath me and grabbed my butt, lifting me in the air slightly. When he thrust into me, he brushed inside of me at a new angle, distracting me even further.

"I love you," I said. "I love you, Asher. I'm just, I'm scared. What if I'm not good enough? I don't know how to do it."

"I'll be here," he said. "You can only do your best, but I'll be here to help you if you need it. I'll always be here for you, Jessika."

No more talk now. Everything we needed to say we said. It helped that Asher had teased me so much that I really couldn't take too much more of his temptation. I wasn't about to die like I'd said, but I was swiftly coming towards cli**x.

Asher thrust into me and I strained against my bindings. The silk rope around my ankles dug into my skin, soft and determined. My thighs and calves flexed and my knees found a spot by his waist to press in and pull him closer to me. Asher pressed tight against me, chest to chest, the chocolate mess mixing with our love and sweat and smelling amazing. He kissed me hard, not holding back any longer. I tried to pull my hands away from the rope around my wrists, to hold him tight, but they didn't budge.

I squirmed-oh, I squirmed! For Asher, for me. He pounded into me, hard, close, rough. I convulsed around his cock, my orgasm a constant, heady pulse thrashing through my body. He was fast, faster now, but I could still feel every part of him in me, every flex and pull. He kissed me and devoured the chocolate from the curve of my neck.

"Inside me," I said. "Please. I need you so much."

I twisted and writhed. Asher went over the edge. He forced himself deep inside of me before he came, and I felt the warmth and thickness of his fertile seed rushing into me. We were one, together. We were going to be married, we were going to have children. I would be there for Asher, always, and he would be there for me. I loved him so very much, and the pleasure soaring through me, sending me high up and making me feel delirious and dizzy, was only a small part of that.

He stayed inside of me even after he finished. It felt like so much more this time, like he'd tapped into a previously reserved portion of his male potency and let it all out just for me, just for this. The bed was probably a mess underneath us, covered in chocolate and his cream and my arousal, but I doubted either of us cared.

"We should take a shower," I said, giggling and grinning at him.

"What are you laughing about?" he asked. He laughed, too.

"You can't keep me tied up in the shower," I said, "and I'm thinking of what I want to do with you there."

"Are you?" he asked, coy, lifting one brow.

I nodded.

"Let's untie you then," he said. "I want to see how creative you can be. It's good practice for writing, isn't it?"

"Mmh," I muttered. "Yes. Maybe."

I smiled at him, watching him with the utmost affection, while he untied the rope around my wrists. As he did it, he never once moved so as to remove his manhood from inside of me.

"I love you," I said, kissing his cheek as he worked at one of the knots.

"I love you, too," he said. He paused for a moment to kiss me. "I don't know if we're going to make it into the shower."

I could feel him coming back to life inside me. "That's alright," I said.

