Eva drummed her fingers against the desk as she stared at the computer screen. Her teeth worried her lower lip as her bank balance figure seemed to stare back at her accusingly-a measly two thousand dollars. Less than half of the month's rent for her one-bedroom apartment in New York City. She should have moved out when she lost her job, but she'd been in denial that she would fail to find another one, and hadn't wanted to lose her view of Central Park. But now, if she didn't do something soon, she was going to lose everything.

Glancing at the phone, she briefly considered calling her parents to ask for money. Her pride refused to allow her to dial the number-she'd already asked last month. She was a grown woman of twenty-three and she needed to do this herself. She was just going to have to suck it up and find a job.

Opening up another window in her browser, she began searching job board sites. She made herself look through the fast food ones and even applied for some of them, but couldn't help wincing at the pay rates. She'd have to take two or three if she was going to continue financing her current lifestyle.

Disgusted, she put her head in her hands. What was she doing? She used to be the assistant for the owner of a printing company. Not incredibly glamorous, but it paid well and the office atmosphere had been fun. At least until the printing company had gone under. Times were hard and she'd barely managed to scrape by living off unemployment and food stamps. In order to do that she'd had to cut down severely on spending as it was-she couldn't bear to think of what else she would have to let go.

Stiffening her resolve, she went back to Google and typed in a search request for administrative jobs. She couldn't let this happen to her. She just couldn't.

Scrolling through the lists of jobs that popped up, her heart leaped as she finally saw what she wanted: it was a Personal Assistant position at Creative Enterprises, one of the top advertising agencies in New York. Her eyes scanned over the job description, and nearly fell out of their sockets at the salary listed. It would more than cover her requirements. Her eyes moved down the list of requirements and she froze--- amongst them was a Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration and five years of experience in related positions. She'd only worked at the printing company for three years, and had never finished college.

A vision of her wearing a McDonald's uniform and handing out fries and burgers through a Drive-Thru window had her setting her jaw. She would just have to make it work. This position was perfect. The agency was located on her side of town, and she knew she was more than capable of doing the tasks laid out in the job description. She wasn't going to let her lack of a college degree or experience get in her way.

Taking a breath, she opened a word document and selected a resume template, then flexed her fingers over the keyboard. It was time to work some magic.

****

"Yes," Eva told the recruiter, barely able to keep the excitement out of her voice, "two o'clock tomorrow is perfect for me."

"Excellent. We very much look forward to seeing you. I've sent an email with the date and time and directions for your reference."

"Thank you so much."

"You're welcome. Have a great day."

Eva hung up the phone and squealed in excitement. She had an interview! Tomorrow afternoon she would be meeting her prospective employer and the man she would be an assistant to. She was going to knock his socks off; she had no choice.

Rushing into her room, she began to rummage through her closet for something suitable to wear. She had twenty-four hours to put together her image and presentation. And she was going to do her best. This Mr. Stone wouldn't know what hit him.

****

Greyson Stone sipped from his coffee mug as Eva Moore was ushered into his office. His eyes roamed over her-thick, chestnut hair pulled back into a French twist to reveal a heart shaped face with large, almond shaped eyes, a cute little nose, and pouty lips. Her skin was like the breaking dawn-pale with a rosy tint, and her curvy frame was wonderfully displayed by the form-fitting black dress she wore.

Not wanting to seem forward since he was her prospective employer, he brought his eyes up to her own. The irises were amber, and he could see nerves and determination in them. The first was to be expected, the second one made him sit up a little straighter in his high-backed, leather swivel chair. In his experience that look was one of the marks of a good employee-it separated her as one of the ones who made a job, as opposed to ones that conformed to a job.

"Good afternoon." He rose with a smile to shake her hand. Her fingers, with pink-painted nails, appeared dainty, but they wrapped around his hand in a firm grip. He liked the feel of her soft hand in his. "You must be Eva. I'm Greyson Stone, the CEO of Creative Enterprises."

Those pouty lips curved into a polite smile that warmed her eyes and eased a bit of the nerves. The determination still burned brightly. "Nice to meet you, Mr. Stone. Thank you so much for your consideration."

"My pleasure." He sat and indicated with his hand for her to do the same, and it truly was. The dress she wore wasn't inappropriate in any way, but the ribbed bodice accentuated and lifted her bust line so that he couldn't help but notice. A bare millimeter of cl**vage poked out-not enough to offend anyone's sensibilities in this day and age, but enough to pique his interest, to make him wonder what they would look like without the black cloth shielding them from his view.

He took out her resume, reviewed it. "You certainly appear to be very qualified for this position, Ms. Moore. Your credentials and experience are actually quite impressive."

She smiled, but there was a flash of nerves in her eyes that made him pause.

"Thank you. I would be more than happy to assist you in maintaining and expanding your company."

"Indeed." Leaning forward, he began to ask the usual questions they asked all interview applicants while mixing in some of his own. She remained poised and confident, the hint of nerves still in her eyes but nearly outshone by that determination. He decided to dismiss the nerves as a natural part of the interview-in these trying times it only seemed natural someone would be nervous in an interview, that they would misstep and lose the chance for the job. The determination was what overrode her fear so that it didn't show in her posture, tone, or the way she answered his questions.

"Thank you very much," he said when it was over. "Do you have any questions for me?"

She asked a few things about benefits, company protocol, etc., and then charged right in. "How long should I expect to wait to hear back on this position?"

He smiled. "You're hired."

Her jaw dropped. "I am?" She seemed to realize her reaction and modulated her voice and expression. "Not that I am not grateful... but don't you have other applicants to consider first? I would want to ensure you are making the best choice for the company, after all."

"I assure you that I am. I'd already made up my mind the moment you fixed eyes on me. I'd already looked at your resume before you arrived and knew you met the qualifications. Your determination is what impresses me. I've no doubt you will do whatever it takes to have and keep this job, and to assist me in any way required."

"Absolutely." The nerves were gone from her eyes, replaced with a joy bordering on glee. Her lips stretched into a grin that told him she would be breaking into song and dance were he not in the room. "Thank you so much, Mr. Stone. When do I begin?"

"Tomorrow. I want you here at 8:30 A.M. My retiring assistant, Jada, will show you the ropes." He rose, inviting her wordlessly to do the same, and shook her hand again. "Welcome to Creative Enterprises, Ms. Moore."

"Thank you Mr. Stone," she said sincerely as she gripped his hand. "I won't let you down."

He watched her walk out the door, her ample h*ps swaying gently in that black dress. "Hmm, I'm sure you won't," he murmured.

****

Eva parked her Honda outside the skyscraper Creative Enterprises was housed in. There was a bounce in her step as she traversed the pavement and entered the revolving doors, then crossed the lobby with a click of her new platform pumps against the black tile. Not even the elevator music could dim her smile as she rode up to the top floor to begin her workday.

She'd been at the company for a week now, and was having the time of her life. Jada had been there for the first three days, showing her where everything was, setting her up with computer passwords and explaining her duties. By the beginning of the fourth day Jada had proclaimed to Greyson that Eva was a quick student and had taken the ropes quite well. She assured them both that she wasn't needed anymore, and gave Eva her number and told her she could call anytime if she had questions.

Today was Monday, and marked the second day where she would be doing everything by herself. She managed his schedule, brought him coffee, wrote his letters, screened his emails, took phone calls, kept his files in order, and a host of other activities. It was similar to what she'd done for the printing company-just on a larger scale. She loved the feeling of being useful, of being efficient once more. And she especially loved it when Greyson would stop by to offer her a few words of praise, to tell her what a good job she was doing.

Actually, she loved it whenever he talked to her at all. He had a rich, deep voice that was like a velvet hand stroking down her spine. His smoky grey eyes were fringed with thick, black lashes that made her heart beat faster even though there was never anything in them but polite respect.

Occasionally she thought she'd glimpsed something more, something that accelerated her pulse and caused her to lick her lips, but it was gone so fast she was sure she was just imagining it. His ten thousand dollar suits were perfectly tailored to show off his tall, muscular body, and his thick, dark hair was a little longer than the norm-it curled to just below his jawline.

She often thought about running her hands through the wavy mass, then blushed whenever she caught herself thinking about it. He was her boss. She couldn't have these feelings about him. And even if he wasn't her boss, she knew he'd never be interested in her anyway. His was the type with tall, skinny models on his arm.

There was no reason for a man like him to look her way when any of those women would lick his feet if he asked them to.

She stepped off the elevator and into the spaciously appointed waiting area, with lush cream carpets and dark green walls with gilt edges on the molding. Her desk sat in the center of the room-the bastion that protected Greyson's office from the rest of the world. No one got through her unless either she or Greyson sanctioned it. That was one of her duties, and she was proud to uphold it.

Usually Greyson was in his office, already started in on his work for the day. But this morning he was in the lobby, a hip propped against the outer edge of Eva's desk. Confused, she nevertheless stepped forward to greet him, but the smile froze on her lips when his eyes met hers. Today they were a cold, iron grey, like snow clouds in winter. His face was a stone mask.

"Good morning, Mr. Stone-" she began, then stopped as he cut her off with a raised finger.

"In my office. Now."

He turned abruptly and stalked inside, and she followed on his heels, her heart thundering painfully. His office was spacious-the skyscraper the building was housed it was cylindrical rather than having corners, and so the room was shaped like a quarter of a circle rather than a square, with the curved wall completely lined with glass. The two inner walls were a glossy black, with several paintings and ornate shelving cabinets as well. The center of the room was dominated by an l-shaped desk of mahogany, and two low-backed, comfortable chairs for visitors.

Greyson shut and locked the door behind him, then rounded on her. She backed up at the full force of his displeasure focused on her, and felt her legs graze one of those chairs. Try as she might, she couldn't form the words to ask him what was wrong, what she had done to earn his wrath.

"Did you really think you were going to get away with this?" he asked, his voice deceptively soft.

"G-get away with what?" Tears pricked at her eyes as she began to tremble.

He snatched papers off his desk and waved them in front of her nose. Her vision was too watery to make out what was written on them, but an awful feeling sank into her chest as it hit her-it was her resume.

"I decided to give your credentials a closer look. Only one of your references matches up. The rest, including your college degree, are false." His eyebrows arched as real fear flashed in her eyes. "What do you have to say about that?"

"There must be some mistake?" Eva tried, desperately grasping at straws. She reached for the resume papers in his hands. "Perhaps I put down the wrong numbers, or misspelled a name."

"Nice try, Ms. Moore. But I don't believe it." He leaned in close to her, his six foot five, muscular frame towering over her, and gripped her shaking shoulders. "A little liar like you needs to be disciplined."

Eva's mouth went dry at the look in his eyes-they had gone molten, like quicksilver. She darted her tongue out to wet her lips, and his eyes followed the movement like a cat followed a piece of string it was about to pounce on.

"A-are you going to fire me?"

"I could do that," he said softly. "But despite your lies, I like you. Over the past week you have made an excellent assistant so far-I knew what I saw when I interviewed you and that you had guts and determination."

Fear had frozen her vocal chords; she dared not say anything lest she change his mind. His face was so close to her that his breath fanned her face-warm, laced with some kind of minty freshness and a hint of coffee. His lips curved into a cruel smile as he lifted her chin and forced her to look directly into his eyes. She blinked back tears so as to straighten her watery vision. She would show him that determination he had praised, even if he did fire her. What she had done was not out of malice, but necessity. If he threw her out on her ass, she would go with her head held high.

"It takes a lot of both to lie straight to my face in order to secure a position in my company. I'd love to see that bold, raw spunk unleashed in the bedroom."

"Bedroom?" she asked, her brows drawing together in bewilderment.

"Oh yes." He stroked his other hand down the side of her neck, halfway ignoring her confusion. "You have such beautiful skin, Eva. I can't wait to see single inch of it."

Eva sprang back. "What? I'm sorry but..."

His grey eyes gleamed with a challenge. "But, what? I'm not asking you to do anything that you didn't agree to, Eva."

"You're not?"

He lifted a brow. "Didn't you agree during the interview to assist me in any way required?"

"Sleeping with you wasn't exactly what I had in mind nor was it what I was offering, and you know it." Her voice lost some of its fire despite the protest, and he smiled. She was obviously giving this some consideration.

"Perhaps not, but you did agree nonetheless. All I'm asking is that you follow my orders as my assistant. You'll do what's required of you from me, whether it's in the boardroom... or the bedroom. Not that it will always be the bedroom, mind you." He grinned wickedly, and her heart pumped faster despite her head still railing against it.

"I... so you're telling me I will get to keep my job as long as I give you sexual pleasure?"

"Oh, Eva, you misunderstand." He pushed her up against the wall, his hard abdominal muscles pressing against her br**sts. Even through the layers of clothing he felt her n**ples pearl. "I intend to give you pleasure as well. You will follow my every command, certainly, but I promise the experience will be just as sexually satisfying for you as it is for me."

Eva's breath came shorter now, a light flush coating her cheeks. "And how long will I have to do this for?"

"For as long as I require of you, or for as long as you are in my employ. Whichever comes first." His lips hovered a mere inch from her own. "If you please me well, though, I might even consider promoting you. You could become a partner if you wanted-if you can follow my orders and do whatever I ask of you. No matter how uncomfortable it might be."

A partner? She couldn't fathom that. Her mind began to quiet as it struggled to grasp that possibility of the future, and allowed her heart to take over. She couldn't deny that she was powerfully attracted to this man-not just because he was handsome, but of the authority and dominant nature he exuded. Would it really be so bad? Her mind didn't exactly agree, but her body wanted him. It wasn't like the experience would be unpleasant-she had no doubt that a man like him was as good as his word when he promised a woman pleasure.

Sucking in a breath and wondering if she'd gone completely mad, she nodded. "I'll do it."

"Good girl." He glanced at his watch just as the phone rang outside. "We don't have time right now, but I will make sure to deliver your first lesson today."

"Lesson?"

He smiled. "Of course. I did say you were going to need training." He pulled away. "For now, get out there and do your job. I will call on you when I have need of you."

"Yes sir."

Fleeing from the room as though her heels had grown wings, she answered the phone and wondered just what it was she had gotten herself into.

****

Monday was generally the busiest day of the week, and today was no exception for Eva. She was kept incredibly busy by the constantly ringing phones, the juggling of Greyson's schedule, and myriad other tasks she had to complete by the end of the day. She was grateful for the work-it helped to keep her mind off the agreement she'd made just that morning-the agreement in which she'd surrendered her body to him.

Greyson had been just as busy, so he hadn't called on her except for brief times when he required her to do something for him. She saw him very infrequently despite the single wall separating them, but every time she did it was like a punch to the gut. Her core would quiver in anticipation and her breath would come short.

At the end of the day he walked past her without saying so much as a word, or even offering her a backward glance or a wave. She'd watched his retreating form, a mixture of relief and dread coursing through her, released from the burden of wondering when he would call for her today, but worried as to why he was still treating her with such indifference despite their agreement.

The next day was much the same-Greyson had six back-to-back meetings, and so Eva was spending a great deal of her time in the boardroom assisting with power point presentations, taking minutes, and such. Despite Greyson being but an arm's length away from her, he all but ignored her as he focused his mind on business. In contrast, Eva was painfully aware of every movement he made-every quirk of an eyebrow, curve of his lips, gesture with his hands. Never had he seemed more attractive, more virile, more sexually charged to her as he did now. And yet she felt as though she were as significant as a fly on a wall.

By the time Wednesday came around, she could no longer stand it-the anticipation was killing her. When noon came around and the office closed for lunch, she made up her mind and marched into his office rather than out the door to enjoy the food she'd packed.

She knocked briefly, then pushed open the door to find him on the phone. He gestured briefly to her and she came all the way in, then sank into a chair as she watched him. One of his ankles was crossed over his knee as he waved his hand in the air impatiently, and she couldn't help but notice how the position showed off powerful thigh muscles. Her eyes moved to his crotch despite herself, and she stared for a long moment as if she could develop x-ray vision and see through the cloth to what lay beneath.

She felt a tingle along her forehead, and her eyes snapped up to see his grey ones watching her with amusement. Her cheeks flushed, and she snapped her head to the side, resolutely fixing her gaze toward the curved wall of windows, and the city beyond.

A minute later, he finished the call and hung up the phone. She swung back to find him pinning her with a look of such intense lust it knocked the breath from her lungs. It took her a moment to remember to breathe.

"Did you need something of me, Eva?" he asked politely.

Eva swallowed. "I... I was wondering... if you were ever going to call for me."

One of Greyson's eyebrows rose. "Call for you?"

She fidgeted in her chair, but refused to back down from his gaze.

"Yes. Since you've now declared me to be your pleasure slave." The words came out hard, and she realized she was angry at him for dangling her on a string this way. "You said you would call on me, but you haven't even though it's been two days. I was wondering if perhaps you'd decided to back down."

The other eyebrow rose as well this time. "Well, well, well. It looks like your claws are coming out after all." He rose from his chair and circled round the desk. Eva tried to rise as well, but he rested his arms on either side of her chair, preventing her from moving. "I apologize if you think I've been neglecting you, Eva." He stroked a finger along the underside of her jaw. "I assure you it was not my intention at all."

Greyson smiled at the fire in her eyes that belied her trembling body. He knew very well why he had made her wait-not because they had been so busy but because he had wanted to torture them both with anticipation. During his nights at home, endless scenarios had marched through his head-the things he wanted to do to her, with her, haunting him so that it was all he could do not to go to her apartment and drag her out of bed by the hair. Or, perhaps, simply join her in the bed. He wondered what kind of bed she had. Would it be large enough to fit them both?

"That wasn't what I meant," Eva protested. "I don't care if you change your mind. I just wanted to make sure." She licked her lips.

Greyson smirked. "You know that's not the truth. You came back here because you couldn't stand waiting for me any longer. I promised you pleasure, and you want to collect."

"That's not-"

"True?" He placed a hand over her heart, gently cupping her breast. "Maybe not in your head, but most definitely in your heart. If that weren't the case, then why do I feel it pounding so hard against my hand? Why are your cheeks flushed? Your n**ples hard?" He slid a thumb over the peak protruding through the purple cloth of her dress, smiled at her sharply indrawn breath. "You want me. I would even bet that your panties are wet right now."

"I-" she clamped her legs together instinctively and then seemed to realize that by doing so she might as well have shouted that she he was right. "This is ridiculous. If you want me to do something for you, just tell me so we can get it over with already."

"That isn't how this works, Eva." His hand slid up her right thigh, turning her legs to jelly so that he had no trouble nudging them apart. "I'm not going to allow you to deny your desires. I know you want me. And I'm going to make you admit it."

Breathless, she watched as he nudged her legs further apart and slid his hand along the outside of her panties. He came away with glistening fingers. "Well? What do you have to say about that?"

Before she could reply, he pushed her skirt up, then yanked her panties off. The lacy material caught on the edge of one of her heels, she winced as it ripped. He tossed it aside with a shrug, then hooked each of her legs around the arms of her chair, spreading her wide.

"So pretty," he said, stroking a finger down her cleft. "Pink and glistening, like a jewel." His fingers found her cl*t and began stroking it. Eva struggled to hold back her moan of pleasure.

"There's no need to fight it," he assured her in a soft voice as he stroked her faster. "The more you fight it, the more you're denying yourself release." He slid two fingers inside her with his other hand. "Admit it. You want me."

"No." She meant for the word to sound firm, but it came out as a breathy moan as he pumped his fingers in and out of her. Whether she wanted it or not, the pleasure was building quickly. She pushed her h*ps against his hand, and instantly he stopped, leaving her aching.

"Your body doesn't agree with your words."

"Please," she begged, straining, but he was gripping her h*ps with one hand, the other teasing her folds gently, enough to increase the ache without offering anything more than a hint of release. "Stop this torture."

"Do you want me?" He thrust a finger in her suddenly and she arched her back, moaning.

"I-" the words stuck in her throat. She knew she did, but she felt as though admitting it would mean defeat. There was a battle of wills being waged here, and if she gave in she would lose. Unfortunately she was having an awful lot of trouble remembering why losing would be so bad.

"Tell me. You know it's true." He pinched her cl*t hard enough that there was equal parts pain and pleasure. "You can end it with a few simple words. Do you want me?"

"Yes," she finally sobbed, giving in. "Yes, I want you. Now please, finish it!"

He grinned wickedly. "But of course."

Leaning down, he stroked his tongue down her folds as he shoved his fingers into her. She would have screamed had he not clamped a hand over her mouth. This time he allowed her to push her h*ps against his mouth as he f**ked her with his tongue and fingers, pumping three, four into her as he sucked her cl*t into his mouth. Now that she was no longer fighting it, the pleasure built with terrifying speed until it was released with the force of a tidal wave, ripping through her. His hand over her mouth kept her from letting the entire building know just how awesome, how terrible, how delicious it felt. She'd never had an orgasm like that before in her life.

Once she'd stopped trembling, he pulled back and looked up at her. Eva realized he had gone to his knees, and felt a certain amount of pride in that. He, Greyson Stone, CEO of Creative Enterprises and her boss, nonetheless, had knelt on the hard floor in his ten-thousand dollar suit and pleasured her until she'd seen stars

"There now." He sat back on his haunches for a moment before rising up to his full height. "That wasn't so bad now, was it?"

Towering over her once more, Eva suddenly felt terribly embarrassed in her position, with her legs thrown over the arms of her chair and her dress rucked up. Hastily, she lowered her feet back to the ground and pulled her dress down tight over her body.

"No. It wasn't." She frowned as she smoothed some lingering wrinkles down over her ample hips, wondering why he would want her. She was no skinny model. Rather than asking, her eyes drifted to his tented crotch. "Though I don't see why you didn't take any pleasure yourself."

"I was trying to prove a point." His hands circled her waist and he pulled her to her feet. "Now that I have, I won't hesitate to." Glancing at his watch, he frowned. "Unfortunately, it's time for you to get back to work. We will have to continue this another time."

"Yes, sir." She inclined her head, surprised at the feeling of disappointment. Surely she would be jumping at the chance to get back to work? "I will be outside if you need me."

He smiled wolfishly. "I'm sure you will."

****

The rest of the afternoon passed briskly, but without incident. In fact, Eva would have considered it a comfortable day if it weren't for the hunger clawing at her stomach. She wasn't allowed to eat at the desk, and even if she had been of a mind to her food was in the break room downstairs, well out of her reach.

Greyson, being the boss, had no such restrictions-he went out and returned with takeout Chinese. The aroma had nearly driven her mad with hunger. By the time six-o'clock rolled around, she was absolutely ravenous. She packed up hastily and was making a beeline for the elevator when Greyson stepped out.

"Eva." Pausing, she bit back a curse and then turned to face him. One of his hands was tucked casually into his pocket as he smiled. "I was wondering if you would like to join me for dinner?"

Her jaw dropped. "You're inviting me out to eat?"

One of his shoulders shrugged. "It is partially my fault you missed lunch, and I feel guilty for not bringing you anything back. It's the least I could do."

She looked at him dubiously. "What do you propose? Perhaps a quick lunch at a diner or cafe?"

He gave her a lopsided grin. "I had something a little classier in mind."

Of course he did. A man like him might go to Panda Express once in a while, but he'd never take a woman to a fast food joint-especially not one he intended to sleep with.

"I suppose I wouldn't mind letting you buy me dinner."

"Good." He crossed the distance and took her arm. "Let's go, then."

The place she was whisked off to was far from a McDonald's. It was an exclusive restaurant owned by a famous French chef, and boasted a wide variety of culinary delights. The waiter brought them a vintage red, and they sat out on the terrace sipping their wine and gazing out over Central Park. She could see Central Park lake sparkling and reflecting the vibrant colors of the setting sun, while people-so tiny and insignificant from up here-walked, ran or biked along the paths.

"This is beautiful." She had a view of Central Park from her own apartment, but it was nothing like this.

"I'm glad you like it." He reached across the table and twined his fingers with hers. She shivered as the pad of his thumb lightly stroked the webbing between her thumb and forefinger-a sensitive spot, and from the gleam in his eye, he knew it. "This is one of my favorite places to come to eat out."

It also cost a fortune, if the menu prices were to be believed. She would have winced if it weren't for the fact that he was not only paying, but he could well afford the expense. Recklessly, she ordered the most expensive dish on the menu, and proudly told the waiter her choice. Greyson only smiled, as though she were a child who, in a fit of pique attempting to get back at her parent, had instead done something terribly amusing. Shame filled her. Of course he wouldn't care either way. She was just making herself look foolish.

Rather than make a fuss, she allowed him to draw her into conversation over the meal. She found out he'd grown up in Boston, and at one point had considered going to MIT for their Engineering program. Instead, shortly after getting out high school, he had landed a position as an assistant manager for a locally owned store, and found that he liked the business side of things. He had instead graduated from Boston College with an MBA and had gone on to New York after running a variety of successful business ventures for others to start on his own.

Eva offered sparse details about her own life, not necessarily because she wanted to hide anything, but because compared to his accomplishments she felt as though her life was a failure. Because she'd gotten a job straight out of high school, and a rather cushiony one at that, she felt as though it wasn't necessary for her to go to college, that she would be perfectly content with where she was at. She had no concept of job security, of the state of the economy, of anything outside her little sphere. And so when the company had folded, she was left out in the cold.

Despite this, he seemed perfectly content with the anecdotes she did tell him-of life with her family in Oyster Bay, of different trips she'd taken and various exploits she'd had with her friends. A few times he'd even chuckled as she'd detailed some of the more mischievous doings she and her friends had gotten themselves into. Retelling them put a smile to her face as well-it had been a long time since she'd done anything so care free.

Once the meal was over, he took her for a walk down in the park. The sun was nearly gone by then, with only the gilt edges remaining as twilight reigned over the sky. Nowhere else in the city was it more obvious that spring had arrived-the profusion of greenery, the quiet chirping of birds settling down for the night, and the fragrance of a multitude of blossoms drifting over the wind were the season's banner being flown high and proud.

"I love nature," she said with a quiet sigh as they walked along a path near the lake. She could hear distant chatter and laughter of other people also out to enjoy the beauty Central Park provided, but there weren't as many as they were during the day now that the sun had darkened the foliage. People liked to see the blossoms in full color, after all.

"So do I," he told her, his hand at the small of her back. "This place shows us the bright side of life-that we can take pleasure in the sights, sounds and smells of the world. His hand inched a little lower, brushing the curve of her bottom. "And other things, too."

Her pulse leaped as he turned her onto a smaller trail, one off the beaten path that lead into a cluster of trees. "Where are we going?"

"For some privacy."

He backed her up against the tall, sturdy trunk of a tree-it was too dark for her to tell what kind it was. The craggy bark dug in between her shoulder blades, but she could hardly focus on the discomfort as his lips took hers. Their first kiss was not gentle, but neither was it particularly rough. It was simply impassioned, filled with the edge of hunger, yet there was a quality to it that told her he was in no hurry to have that hunger fulfilled.

"I've wanted to kiss your pouty lips since the first moment you stepped into my office," he told her after he'd pulled away with a tug of his teeth on her lower lip. "You taste like everything I could ever hope for."

"Oh?" she asked breathlessly as he scorched the side of her neck with kisses. "And what was it you were hoping for?"

"Sex incarnate."

She'd never before thought of herself that way, but she certainly felt it now, as he heated her with his touch. She could feel his erection pressing against her hip bone, an insistent reminder that she'd yet to fulfill her end of the bargain, and yet he made no move other than to taste her, touch her, inflame her. She felt as though each breath against her skin, each stroke of his thumb against the n**ples poking through the fabric of her dress, was a bellows being poured into her furnace, stroking the banked coals of her desire to impossible levels of heat. She was panting, flushed, her p**sy throbbing and wet, and he hadn't even gotten her clothes off.

"Wait," she gasped as he began sliding his hands up her dress. They paused mid-thigh, so close to the center of her torment. But she had to do this. He had pleasured her selflessly this afternoon, despite the fact that she had promised him pleasure as well. It was time for her to uphold her end of the bargain.

Without giving an explanation she reached down and yanked his belt free. With fumbling fingers she undid his pants, then reached in to wrap her fingers around his cock. She gasped as she realized he wore nothing beneath his pants-her fingers met the velvet steel of his shaft, and he sucked in a breath rapidly as she wrapped her fingers around it. It was too dark to see, but she was able to discern by touch, by rubbing her fingers up and down his length, that he was a large man in more ways than one.

"Eva," he growled in the stillness. "Are you just going to stand there and tickle me? Or are you going to do something?"

She smiled at the mixture of lust and ire in his voice-obviously he wasn't too pleased about having control wrested from him, but at the same time he was hardly going to ask her to remove her hands.

"I thought this was about telling the other person what you wanted," she teased, tossing his words back into her face."

His fingers were suddenly in her hair. "Eva, honey, I have no problem telling a woman what I want from her," he said, his voice silky, in direct contrast to the hands roughly pushing her down. "What I want is for you to suck my cock. Now."

She was forced to her knees on the hard dirt ground, so that her face was level with his cock. Just enough moonlight filtered through the canopy of leaves overhead so that she could see the head glistening with moisture. She licked her lips, both hands gripping the shaft. His fingers had a resolute grip on her hair, but even without them she wouldn't have backed away. She wanted to taste him.

Slowly, she took him into her mouth, savoring every inch of him. Her knees ached as she sucked him, her senses hyper alert and picking up on every snatch of voice, of laughter, of footsteps, knowing that at any time someone could come down this way and they would be caught. Somehow that only made it more exciting. Greyson's eyes, half lidded and gleaming in the dark, watched her. He was mostly silent, but she could tell by the tightening grip of his hands in her hair and his h*ps pushing his c*ck more urgently into her mouth that he was far from unaffected. If her mouth hadn't been so full, she would've smiled with the power she felt over him, despite the fact that at the moment, he was very much in control.

His breathing came shorter and shorter, his balls drawing tight against his body-a sure sign that he was nearly at the end. "You'll have to take it," he rasped. "You'll have to take it all."

She had no doubt in her mind as to what he meant. Still, she was momentarily caught off guard when he suddenly spewed his seed into her mouth, causing her to nearly choke on it. She swallowed it all, reveling the taste, the muffled groans, his trembling body. When it was done she released him, licking stray drops as she rose. Her knees would no doubt be filthy, perhaps even bruised from being pressed into the hard ground for so long. Certainly her panty hose would be ruined. And her hair was definitely a mess. But looking up into his satisfied gaze, she couldn't bring herself to care about any of that.

They stared at each other for a long moment in the dark before he finally broke the silence. "I really do need to get you to a proper horizontal surface some time. Maybe even a bed."

"I don't think you keep those in the office," she half-quipped, half-teased.

He arched a brow. "You have no idea of the things I keep in my office."

A pleasant shiver went down her spine, and her still-aching p**sy throbbed, reminding her that she was unsatisfied. Even so, she didn't protest when he took her hand and lead her down the path. "I suppose I will be finding out very soon."

He gave her that wolfish smile again. "Very soon indeed."

Greyson dropped her off at her apartment, with the promise that he would call on her tomorrow. That night, for the first time in month, she had to reach into her drawer and pull out her sex toys. Even as she brought herself to shuddering release twice, she knew nothing she could do matched the orgasm Greyson had given her in his office at lunch that day. Her mind kept racing over the different possibilities of what he had in store for her tomorrow.

She didn't get very much sleep that night.

****

Thursday was a remarkably slow day-so much, in fact, that she was practically falling asleep at her desk from a mixture of boredom and the lack of sleep from the night before. Her chin propped in her hand, she stared blearily at the computer screen as she glanced through the email box for what seemed like the hundredth time, making she hadn't overlooked anything.

Greyson's large, warm hands came to rest gently on her shoulders. She jumped, startled, then moaned softly as his strong fingers gently kneaded at the knots in her muscles.

"You look tired today," he murmured in her ear, and between his lips grazing her earlobe and his hands on her shoulders her blood heated like a spreading wildfire.

"I didn't get much sleep last night," she confessed, no longer sleepy with him in such proximity.

"Thinking about me?" he teased with a kiss to her jawline.

"You could say that." Thinking about rolling between the sheets of some big, sinfully comfortable bed as she took him into her body. Thinking about all the fantasies that had assailed her last night shortened her breath.

"Well I'm pretty sure I can give you something to... jump start... your system. Why don't you come with me?"

He led her into his office and locked the door behind him. Crossing the room, he opened a panel in the wall across from his desk and pressed a button. Eva blinked in astonishment as a bed slid out of the wall, fully made with pillows and sheets and everything. The comforter was a bold red with gilt edges that made her think of Chinese Dragons, and the pillows were the same, with the color scheme inverted. As tired as she'd been sleep was not the thing that crossed her mind now when she looked at it.

"Let's get more comfortable, shall we?" he asked, coming around so that he stood behind her. He pressed warm kisses to her shoulder as he unzipped the back of her dress and let it fall to pool at her feet. She shivered as his hands slid down the sides of her exposed flesh, coming to rest at her hips.

"You came prepared, did you?" he asked, squeezing her bare bottom. She wore nothing but a pink bra beneath her dress of the same color.

"I wanted to save time."

"I appreciate the effort." He unsnapped her bra with the efficiency of a man who had done it many times before, then pulled it off and allowed it to float down to join her dress.

"You have such beautiful br**sts. They fit my hands perfectly." His large, warm hands slid up her abdomen to cup her br**sts as he spoke. She gasped as his fingers deftly found her hardened n**ples and teased them further.

He stepped back, and she turned around to see him undressing. She sat down at the edge of the bed and removed her heels as she watched him strip away layers of clothing to reveal tanned, muscular flesh. Not a single scar marred the perfection of his body. His c*ck stood at full attention, and now that it was in the light she saw it was bigger than she had imagined. With a hard swallow, she wondered if it would fit inside her.

"It will fit."

Her eyes widened. "Did I say that out loud?"

He laughed. "You didn't have to. Your eyes speak volumes, Eva." Fully nak*d now, he cupped her chin in his hand. "So expressive. So open." His c*ck nudged at her lips.

She took him into her mouth again, and in the daylight she was able to see the muscles in his face tighten, his eyes dark with lust, his mouth half open as he moaned. Boldly, she snaked an arm around her waist and dug her fingers into one of his steely buns, drawing him forward as she pleasured him.

"Enough." He pulled back, panting with the effort of holding himself in check. "I'm going to have you properly if it's the last thing I do."

Eva laughed and lay back on the bed with her elbows propping up her upper body so that her br**sts were thrust high and proud into the air. "I'm not going anywhere." She knew she likely made a seductive picture, posed the way she was. His eyes roamed over her like a physical caress.

"Are you going to touch me, or not?"

He was on her then, his hands gliding over her nak*d flesh, his teeth nipping, his tongue tasting. His skin was deliciously hot against hers. She moaned as he bit her neck, then sucked the bit of flesh between his teeth. She would have a hickey in the morning.

Her hands came around his back, stroking his flexing muscles as she encouraged him. He teased her n**ples mercilessly with his tongue, licking them the way a cat licked at a bowlful of cream, while his fingers worked magic between her legs.

"Delicious." He licked the wetness from his fingers as he watched her with burning eyes. "I can't wait any longer, Eva. I won't."

Wordlessly, she spread her legs for him. He settled between them, taking his c*ck in hand. He teased her folds by rubbing the head of his shaft against them, coating it in her wetness.

"Please," she said, her voice trembling. "Do it now."

She moaned as he finally entered her, slowly, surely feeding his c*ck into her dripping p**sy. His eyes fluttered to half-mast as a groan escaped his lips. Panting, she sat up on her elbows to watch as he gradually buried herself up to the hilt. The sight of them finally joined together, here, like this, was unbearably erotic.

The ache in her was briefly assuaged, but it came back in full force, wanting more. She shifted her hips, pushing herself against him, urging him. He responded by pulling out nearly all the way, then gripping her pelvis and thrusting back into her. The pace quickened and she matched it easily with her own thrusting hips, urging him on, digging her fingers into his ass so she could push him into her even harder.

His dark hair, usually so perfectly styled, was in disarray, with locks coming free to hang across his forehead and into his face. It only made him look even more roguish, more devilishly handsome, than it did before. She smiled up at him, and he gave her a quick grin before sliding his hands underneath her and rolling them both, lightning quick, so that he was now the one on the bed and she the one on top.

"Go ahead," he told her, squeezing her bottom with both hands. "Take the reins. I know you want to."

His eyes gleamed as he watched her ride him. With her head thrown back, that chestnut hair flowing over her shoulders as she worked herself on top of his shaft, she was a vision. Her cheeks were flushed, her h*ps parted as she moaned, her round, heavy br**sts bouncing enticingly. He reached up and kneaded them with his hands, rolling the n**ples between his fingers, and was rewarded with breathier moans than before.

He loved the way her curves felt beneath his hands. Her br**sts, her hips, her thighs, her ass. He especially loved cupping the round globes of her ass. He did so now, digging his fingers in as he used his grip to slam her harder, faster, down on to him. Her eyes widened, the amber orbs going blind as she cried out in release, her body shuddering with the force of it. The sight so overcame him that he was forced to pull out and shoot his seed onto her br**sts and stomach before he spilled it inside her.

Panting, she fell back, her body stretched out between his legs. A grin spread across his face as he watched her sprawled there, his seed coating her body. He liked the view. And he was very much looking forward to seeing many times in the near future.

****

The next three weeks were a blur. Eva did her job-both sides of it-well, and Greyson constantly kept her on her toes. She never knew when he called her to his office if he was going to give her a stack of files or spread her legs across the desk and f**k her until she screamed his name. It seemed all she could think about was the next time he would be inside her. She was in a constant state of readiness, always waiting, always watching, always wondering.

In some ways it astonished-and sometimes ashamed-her that he could inspire such longing in her, that he could make her feel this way. Most of the time she simply reveled in it. Instead of firing her for her deception, he had not only allowed her to keep her job, but had given her a punishment that turned out to be nothing but a pleasure.

More than that, though, Greyson seemed to actually care for her as a person. Certainly he was not always gentle-the sex was sometimes rougher than anything she'd had before. But there was a tender look in his eyes mixed with the lust, and as time passed he treated her with more and more respect. Sometimes she actually forgot about the conditions he had set for her, the reason she was hav**g s*x with him. It felt like they were just lovers.

It was Friday now, and Greyson had left the office early. She sat at her desk, most of the work done for the day, feeling a little forlorn that he was gone. It meant that she wouldn't see him again until Monday.

A ping signaled to her that a new email had just been delivered to her inbox. Her breath caught in her throat as she looked up and saw that it was from Greyson. Quickly, she clicked on it.

Eva, I've decided I can't wait through the weekend to see you again. I will be picking you up from your apartment at seven o'clock for dinner. There will be a box waiting for you-be sure to open it. Be ready.

Her heart thundering with anticipation, Eva looked at the clock. It was a quarter to five now-nearly time to go home. Greyson always let everyone close down an hour early on Fridays. Quickly she ran through her end of the day routine, packing things up and making sure everything was locked, shut down and secured.

She looked at the clock to see she still had five minutes, and shrugged. No one was going to miss her. Snatching up her purse, she practically ran for the elevator.

When she arrived home, the box was waiting for her on the kitchen counter. She didn't know how he'd gotten into her apartment, and nor did she care. Hastily, she ripped off the golden wrapping paper and tossed it aside along with the box lid.

With a gasp, she lifted a halter dress of sapphire colored satin from the box. The material was soft and rich against her fingers, and she had no doubt that, as familiar as Greyson was with her body, it would fit perfectly. Beneath it lay a three-piece jewelry set-earring, a necklace, and a bracelet-all sapphires and gold. She had no doubt they were real, and must have cost a fortune. She lifted the bracelet gingerly from the box and ran her fingers over the stones. No one had ever bought her anything so costly, or beautiful.

Glancing at the clock, she hurried into the bathroom for a quick shower. She rubbed lavender oil into every inch of her body so that her skin would glow and smell glorious for him. After blow drying and styling her hair into an up do, she slipped into the dress. The soft material rested directly against her skin-it was backless so she couldn't wear a bra, and she had taken to not wearing panties anymore around him; he'd already destroyed three pairs.

Knowing she didn't have much time to spare, she did her makeup and grabbed a black clutch purse from the closet. She was just slipping stilettos onto her feet when the doorbell rang.

Greyson stood outside her doorstep with a bouquet of blood-red roses in his arms. He was dressed in a suit, as was custom for him. She took the flowers with a murmured word of thanks.

"I've been thinking about you in that dress all afternoon," he told her after she'd put the roses in water and locked the door behind her.

"It's gorgeous." She touched the dangling sapphires at her ear. "Everything's gorgeous. Thank you so much."

He simply smiled. "They pale in comparison to the woman wearing them."

A stretch limo waited on the street for them. Eva admired the leather interior as she settled onto one of the seats. Greyson pulled her into his lap and kissed her breathless.

"You're going to ruin my make up," she managed when he finally moved his mouth down her neckline, searing her skin with hot kisses.

"It won't matter where we're going."

The dress he'd given her had high slits on both sides, so he was easily able to slip his fingers beneath the material to touch her. She moaned, arching her back, as he sank his fingers deep into her. His teeth closed around one of her n**ples, sucking it through the fabric of her dress.

He brought her to a shuddering cli**x, and then he was in her, filling her, taking her. Straddled on top of him, her fingers gripping the top of the seat, she could look out the window and watch the city flashing by as he moved inside her. Glowing billboards and bright lights blurred as he slammed her against him, over and over, with single-minded intensity. He dragged her head down for another kiss, and she sensed a kind of desperation, as though this were the last time they would be together.

The thought chilled her despite the scorching intensity of their passion.

After they were finish she sat across from him and took out her compact. Carefully she reapplied her lipstick and touched up her hair. Greyson watched her as he fastened his belt around his waist once more.

They came to a stop outside a huge Victorian style house. From the looks of things as she stepped out, she could only surmise that they were on the Upper East Side, where a majority of New York's wealthy lived. He led her up beautiful stone-carved steps and into the house. The foyer was expansive, the warm cream-yellow walls and honey-oak flooring lending a welcome air to the place. He led her up a winding staircase to the top floor, and out onto a terrace, where a table sat waiting for them.

"What do you think?" he asked as he poured them wine.

"It's beautiful." She looked out over the twinkling expanse of the city. "I would expect nothing less from you."

A man wearing a black and white chef's uniform wheeled in a cart laden with food. Eva surmised that he was the personal chef as Greyson greeted him warmly and thanked him-it was obvious the two were familiar with each other.

"I hope you don't mind salmon," he told her as the food was served.

She smiled. "It's one of my favorites."

The chef left them to the meal, and they sat in silence, simply enjoying the food. Eva noticed Greyson's countenance was becoming more and more melancholy as the seconds stretched by. When he'd drained his third glass of wine, she reached over the table and grasped his hand.

"Greyson, what's wrong?"

His grey eyes, always so full of energy and alive with emotion, were dark. "I think I might be falling in love with you."

She drew her hand back. "What?"

"I... this isn't just a game for me anymore." His voice was flooded with sincerity. "I've come to discover in these past couple of weeks that I don't just derive pleasure from your body, but what is inside your head. You're beautiful inside and out, and I know that you weren't intending to hurt me when you lied about your experience. I was just using that as an excuse to have you."

Eva smiled. "I could have told you that."

He waved a hand as if to dismiss her words. "Even so, I can no longer in good conscience force you to abide by this agreement. I can't continue to take you to my bed knowing that should you have a choice, you wouldn't be in it in the first place. I hereby release you from your obligation."

Her heart filled with a mixture of tenderness and joy, this time she was the one to reach across the table and take his hand. "Greyson, it has always been my choice. I could have easily walked out of your office that day and never looked back. There are other jobs, even if I don't think I could ever find one as enjoyable as the one you've given me. I agreed because I wanted you. And even though you've released me, I still want you. Perhaps even more than ever, now that you've done so."

A spark lit his eyes as he grinned at her. "Do you really mean that?"

She nodded. "I've come to see the man beneath the suit. I don't know everything about him, but I know the way he makes me feel when he talked to me, how he ignites a fire in my body every time he touches me.

Standing, she came around the table and leaned down. "I know I have feelings for you, and that someday they might grow into love. I'd like to stick around, and find out." She gave him a long, sweet kiss, and smiled when his arms came around to clutch her to him. His arms were warm and strong around her, his lips tender.

"You can stay as long as you want," he finally told her, dropping a kiss onto her nose. "Who knows. Maybe I'll even let you stay forever."

She grinned. "So glad to hear it. Now take me to bed already. I'm tired of waiting."

With a laugh, he scooped her up and carried her inside.

