CHAPTER ONE

Julia

It was just a normal day at work until he arrived.

Julia piled the stack of books on top of the rolling shelf. Her back ached-the college library had gotten in a shipment of new books. Thirty-four boxes of them, in fact. Julia knew it was thirty-four boxes because her boss had made her carry every single one of them into the back storage room, and then unload every single one of them onto the shelving racks.

"Hurry up," Helen said, craning her neck out of her office and adjusting the glasses on her wrinkled, hooked nose. "We're closing soon."

"I know," Julia said, rolling her eyes so that her boss couldn't see. "I'm almost done."

"Really? Those books need to be shelved tonight."

"What?" Julia straightened up and then bent over again, her back twinging with pain.

"You heard me." Helen said.

"I can do them tomorrow," Julia said. She gritted her teeth and tried to keep her tone civil. "I'll come in early-"

"They have to be shelved day-of-shipment," Helen said. "Not my rule. It's the college's rule. Do it tonight." Her head disappeared back into her office before Julia could speak another word of protest.

"This is crazy," Julia muttered, piling an armful of new books onto the top of the shelf.

"Excuse me? Did you say something?"

"Nothing!" Julia pushed the rolling rack away from Helen's office and heading around the corner to the book stacks. If she was going to get this done by midnight, she would have to get started. Thirty-four boxes of books to shelve-

"Hey, watch out!" The cart jerked to a stop, spilling books on the floor. One of the college students she'd run into dropped his notebook, and paper spilled everywhere. His friend laughed meanly.

"I'm sorry," she said automatically, bending down to clean up the mess. The college student yanked his papers out of her hand, not even meeting her eyes.

"Clumsy," he said, scoffing as he walked away.

"Weight equals momentum," his friend said as they turned away. "You didn't stand a chance against her!" Their laughter echoed in the hallway as they walked out of the library entrance. Julia bent down and shoved the books back onto the rolling rack roughly.

"Stupid boys," she said. "Don't know anything. They're mean anyway." She blinked fiercely to stop the tears that had pressed up against the backs of her eyes. She wished with all of her heart that she could be a college student like them, spending the day at class and studying in the library. All of the students that went to the college seemed to be young and beautiful, with bright futures ahead of them.

But no, not her. She didn't deserve it. The tears that had burned her eyes now spilled over her cheeks.

"Stop feeling sorry for yourself," Julia whispered. "Dumbass jerks. Stupid frat boys." She knelt down to grab the last book off of the floor and a man's voice behind her startled her. The book tumbled from her fingers.

"Excuse me, can you show me where the audiobooks are?"

"We're closing," Julia snapped, wiping the tears from her eyes as she stood up. "I need to-"

She gasped as she looked up at the man in front of her. He was unlike any college student she'd ever seen, but he didn't look old enough to be a professor. She'd never seen him before. He was tall, with a shock of dark brown hair that tumbled over the dark glasses which concealed his eyes. His jawline was strong, his arms muscled, but his clean, crisp manner made it unlikely that he was one of the college jocks. In his hand was a polished wood cane with a red and white tip.

Julia felt a shock run through her body, a jolt of familiarity-from where?- accompanied by an intense desire that arced through her nerves at record speed. It startled her-the blind man standing in front of her was attractive, sure, but she had never fallen headlong for any boy just because of his handsomeness. This man, though, took her breath away as he stood in front of her, his expression polite and dignified, his features dark and masculine. The air between them crackled with electrical energy.

When Julia had been a little girl, her mother read her fairy tales. There were knights and wolves, and of course princesses. Princesses who fell asleep for ages or were poisoned to death, and woke up with a kiss once their Prince Charming had arrived. She had always imagined her very own Prince Charming. He would be tall, dark, and handsome, of course-all princes were-but he would also be smart. Daring. Intelligent. Ambitious. And kind. For years Julia had dreamed about her prince, but the time she had spent warding off advances from drunk college boys or too-old creepy professors had convinced her that such a man would never exist. Or if he did exist, she would never get to meet him. But at that moment when she looked up and saw the man's face, there was only one thought that ran through her mind.

That's him.

For one split second, she swore he had felt the same shock. His hands clenched at the top of his cane, and he raised both eyebrows in a look of surprise. But then he relaxed into a neutral expression, and she shook the thought of some kind of connection between them out of her head. There was no way.

"I'm so sorry to bother you," he said. The soft curve of his smile apologized a second time.

"I wouldn't ask if it weren't very important."

"Sure," she said. "I-I'm sorry for being so rude. I'll show them to you." She was glad that he couldn't see her face flushing. Her mom's Irish background had left her with auburn hair, emerald green eyes, and fair skin that blotched red if you so much as looked at it the wrong way in the mirror.

"Thank you," the blind man said. She led him to the stairs, then stopped at the bottom.

"Oh! I'm sorry," she said. "Do you want to take the elevator?"

"The stairs will be fine. I'm blind, not crippled," the man said, a half-smile dimpling his cheek. He had not shaved in a few days, it looked like, and the dimple was dark with stubble. Julia swallowed.

"Sure, of course. I'm sorry," she said, cursing herself in her head. First she had snapped angrily at a handicapped man. Then she'd insulted him.

"Hey." His fingers touched her elbow, and she turned back in surprise, a streak of heat unconsciously racing from her arm down to her groin. Of course he would touch her-that was the main sense he had to navigate with. He wasn't touching her for that reason, certainly not!

"Yes?" she asked.

"Don't stress over it," he said. "No big deal. Thank you for helping me even though it's late."

Julia gulped and nodded, then felt stupid for nodding.

"This way," she said, in a voice that she pretended was more professional than shaky. It had been way too long of a day, She led him up the stairs and to the audiobook section.

"Do you have a particular book you're looking for?" she asked.

"Well, it would be helpful to not have to go through all of these in Braille," the man said. "I'm looking for the local wildlife guide and one other book." He held a paper out in front of him, and she took it.

"The head librarian wrote the authors' names down for me," the man said, grinning. "I don't think she realized I couldn't read it."

"That would be my boss," Julia sighed. "She's...she's the kind of person who yells at deaf people."

"I'm glad I found you," the man said, smiling broadly in a way that made Julia think he might be flirting. His dark hair fell over his glasses and Julia wanted to push the strands of hair back behind his ears, even though she knew it didn't matter to him. What was hair in your eyes when you're blind? He wasn't flirting with her, though; he couldn't be. He had just met her. He was just being friendly.

"Going to hike?" Julia asked, focusing her attention on flipping through the audiobooks to find the right one.

"Something like that," the man said. "What's your name?"

"Uh, Julia," she said, and immediately felt bad for hesitating. He probably thought she was stupid, or paranoid. "What's yours?"

"Damien," the man said. He held out his hand in front of him, and it was a half second before Julia realized that he wanted to shake hands. She reached out awkwardly, and his fingers wrapped around her palm. The firmness of the grip shocked her-she hadn't expected him to grasp her handshake so tightly. She reconsidered her earlier assessment.

"Are you on one of the sports teams here?" she asked, in what she hoped was an innocuous tone.

"No, no," the man said, laughing as though the idea was ridiculous. "What about you? What do you study?"

"I-I'm not in school here," Julia said. Her face burned hot. "I just work here."

"How old are you?" Damien asked. "I mean, if you don't mind me asking. You sound young."

"I'm twenty-two," Julia said. "I never went to college, though. Here's the wildlife guide you wanted." She handed him the audiobook, and he clasped it in one hand.

"Why not?" Damien cocked his head curiously.

"Why didn't I go to college? Because it's too damn expensive." Julia blushed at using a curse word, and also at her confession. "I have to stay here, anyway. My grandmother lives here."

"You take care of her?"

"I help her take care of herself," Julia said. She smiled at the thought of taking care of Granny Dee: the last person to try to "take care" of her had been swatted with the end of her walking stick on the rear and told in no ambiguous terms what she would do to him if he dared to come back and "take care" of her again.

"That's very kind of you," Damien said.

"Oh, and here's the other book you wanted," Julia said, pulling the audiobook from where it hung on the rack. "Fairytale and Folklore of Rural California."

"Thank you," Damien said, tucking both books under one arm.

"So you're looking for all kinds of wildlife," Julia said, a question in her voice. "Including fairies?"

"Including fairies," Damien said, bowing his head a little and smirking to show that her question hadn't offended him. "But mostly I'm curious about your monsters."

"Monsters?" Julia raised her eyebrows. Maybe this guy was a little bit of a freak.

"You know," he said, leaning forward toward her so that their faces were only a foot or so apart. "Bigfoot. Chupacabras. Werewolves. You never get any of those around here?" He tilted his head meaningfully, as though he expected a real answer.

"Not much," Julia said breezily. "Not unless you count that one time I was abducted by aliens. Or the time the Loch Ness monster poked its head out of the library toilet. But you know, there was that one instance when we saw a horde of trolls stampeding through downtown. Is that the kind of thing you're talking about?"

"Exactly," Damien said, laughing. Julia sensed that he was uncertain about something, she didn't know what.

"Sorry, no monsters around here," Julia said, a bit regretfully. "Anything else I can do for you?" she asked. Show you around town? And maybe into my bedroom? She shook the lascivious thoughts from her brain.

"That's it for today," Damien said. He had a look of disappointment on his face, and Julia didn't know why. "Thanks."

"No problem," she said. "Do you need me to, um, show you out?"

"I'll manage," he said, lifting the wood cane in front of him. "This got me in the library, it'll get me out."

"Oh, of course," Julia said, blushing again. "Sure."

"Thanks for your help," Damien said. "Julia, right?"

"Yes," she said. He offered a hand in front of her, and she took it timidly. His large fingers enveloped her palm and squeezed tightly. The warmth seemed to burn her skin, and he held on for a moment too long.

"It was nice to meet you, Julia," the man said. He walked off, his cane sweeping the ground in front of him. Julia's eyes tracked him to the end of the hallway...where a tall, slim blonde girl stood, leaning against the wall. She looked a few years younger than Julia, maybe a freshman here at the college. Damien stumbled as he walked toward her, but she didn't so much bother as uncross her arms.

"There you are!" she said, grinning at him. "Took you long enough!"

"I've got the books," Julia heard Damien say. Her heart tore apart as he held out his arm and the girl latched onto him. She tossed her hair and looked back at Julia, her eyes narrowing as she led Damien away.

He was out of your league, anyway, Julia thought. But the idea didn't help stop the tears from brimming over her eyelashes. She couldn't help but feel that her Prince Charming was walking out of her life, maybe forever, on the arm of a gorgeous, thin princess. Blinking hard, she turned back to her work and tried to forget the face of the blind man who had smiled at her so charmingly.

CHAPTER TWO

Damien

Damien felt her presence before he heard her. At first he thought that he was going crazy or having some kind of mental hallucination. He felt her frustration like an aura of emotion swirling around his own heart, and when she collided with the two college boys in the hallway he felt a jolt of embarrassment, as surely as if he had been embarrassed himself. By the time he realized what was happening, he had already swiveled his body around to listen better. Her voice. He needed to hear her voice. If she was who he thought she was-

"...stop feeling sorry for yourself..."

He heard the words resonate inside of his brain, echoing almost. It made him dizzy. He could picture her mouth in his mind, her full lips shaping the words. She sounded young, certainly younger than him. She sounded beautiful. In his mind an image swirled in his brain-fuzzy around the edges, but with a general outline of her long-lashed eyes, her flowing hair.

His nostrils flared slightly at her anger, and as he stepped forward to talk to her he suddenly found himself growing nervous. Was this the Calling that he felt? If so, that meant that this town was already occupied by wolves, and his pack would likely have to move on. But if it was the Calling-if he had found his mate-then she might come with him. The echoing sound of her voice and the emotive awareness gave him courage. Surely she would feel the same towards him, at least at first. Once she saw his face and knew about his deformity, she might very well decide that it was not worth it. She might choose another mate, one that was stronger, whole, if not emotionally as connected to her. But he had a shot.

As he spoke to her he felt her emotions shift rapidly. Anger, shame, a stifled desire. He could smell her perfume, a lovely violet scent, but underneath that was the scent of lust, a deeper, earthier smell that called to him and made his body react in response to hers. He suppressed his mounting desire and tried to make small talk, but it seemed that she did not share the connection with him. He found an excuse to touch her elbow and it shocked him. Her emotions, once they were in contact, were as clear as day to him. All of her feelings overlaid his own, separate but joined. She did not feel it, though, or perhaps she was ignoring her feelings because of his disability.

When she told him her name, he rolled the syllables around on his tongue as though tasting them. Julia. She had to be the one, he knew it. Yet she talked to him like he was a human, like she couldn't sense the intricate connection that had already started to grow and tangle between them. And then, after teasing her about werewolves and getting nothing in response, he realized what was wrong. It wasn't that she thought he was human at all.

She was human.

The Calling was wrong. The thought ran through his mind and was abandoned just as quickly. It couldn't be. Sure, sometimes couples would have different intensities of Calling, and sometimes wolves would settle for someone they weren't mates with at all for practical reasons, but he had always heard that once you found your true mate, it was obvious on both sides that it was a perfect match.

And there was never, never a Calling that would match a wolf and a human as mates. It was simply impossible.

Yet there she was.

He turned away from her reluctantly, feeling the connection between them stretch and untangle as he walked down the hallway. He heard Katherine's heels clicking on the tile floor long before the human girl saw her. As soon as Julia noticed who was picking him up, he felt a shock wave of sorrow from her, so strong that even at a distance it hit him hard in the chest. He gasped, stumbling forward. How could she not feel this connection?

Even though he knew his eyes were blind, he could not help but ache to turn and look at Julia one last time. To picture the image floating in his mind of what she was like. To reach out to her heart. She was hurting, and there was nothing he could do to stop that pain.

She was human, after all. And humans and wolves never mixed.

"What are you so lost in thought about?" Katherine said, opening the car door for him. He got in and set his cane down between his legs, leaning his head back against the seat. Dull twinges of pain were all that remained of Julia's hurt and anger. Already the encounter seemed like a dream. He had met his mate, and she was human.

"Nothing," he said. "Just wondering if this is the right town for us."

"Jordan thinks it's a good area," Katherine said. "It's a bad economy, so lots of the houses are for sale cheap. And a college town is perfect. With so many people coming and going, nobody will pay any attention to us."

"Hmm, maybe," Damien said. "Let's see if the wildlife is anything to be reckoned with." He opened the audiobook and popped the CD into the car stereo. Werewolves didn't need to eat other animals, but fresh meat was definitely a plus. Damien really just wanted to make sure there weren't any other packs that would come through the area. Bears and wolves both would pose a problem, whether they were shifter packs or not.

"It's fine. Jordan smelled deer in the forest when he went out scouting today. And no other wolves, not a single one," Katherine said, driving quickly down the streets and making a sharp turn. Damien hated being in the passenger seat when she was driving, not knowing when the next turn would throw him up against the window made him irritable.

"He can't smell migratory patterns," Damien said, fast-forwarding the audiobook to the Chapter on large predators in the wild. "Who's to say that there aren't other packs coming through in the winter? Their smells would be gone by now."

"You don't want to settle anywhere," Katherine said.

"I want to settle," Damien growled. "For two years I've been trying to find the pack a place to settle. But you of all people should know that we need to find a place without other wolves."

Katherine shut up at that. Damien could hear her manicured fingernails scratching at the scar that ran across her entire stomach. She'd been left for dead, and she was well aware of the dangers of other packs. But occasionally she could be overconfident. Damien frowned, thinking about how he had connected with the human girl. He had to rewind the audiobook three times before he could focus enough to find out the important facts: that this area was clear of wolves for miles, and that the town that Jordan and Katherine had apparently fallen in love with was the perfect spot to live in. Except for one thing.

She lived here too.

CHAPTER THREE

Julia

Julia got back to the house just as the sun was starting to set. The dim rays seemed to set the branches of the pines on fire, the red and orange light casting halos on the trees. The river through the mountains shone red, too, and Julia paused on the porch, looking out onto the wide field of her grandmother's property. Her eye caught the sign that the bank had stuck in the front of their yard: Foreclosure. She frowned and went into the house as the sun dipped down lower and lower behind the darkened trees.

Her grandmother was standing in the kitchen, her arms covered in flour.

"Hi there, Julia," she said, leaning over to plant a kiss on Julia's cheek.

"Hey Granny Dee," Julia said. "What are you up to?"

"Just getting ready for breakfast tomorrow," Dee said, her eyes bright. "We had two new guests check in!"

"Oh, awesome!" Julia said. The bed and breakfast had been dwindling ever since the foreclosure sign went up in the front yard. Not many people wanted to stay in a place that was being foreclosed on, no matter how cozy and comfortable.

"How was working at the library today?"

"It was fine. Busy." Julia smiled as she thought about the encounter with the blind man.

"I don't think you've ever smiled before when talking about work," Granny Dee said. "Something happened today. Tell me about it."

"You don't miss a thing," Julia said, letting the grin run over her face. "No, it was just this cute guy who came in. But he has a girlfriend," she said quickly.

"I'm sure you could steal any boy away if you wanted to," Dee said. "Not that you would, of course. Is he a college student?"

"No," Julia said. "I'm not sure who he is. I haven't seen him before."

"A mysterious stranger," Dee said, her eyes twinkling. "Sounds fun!"

"Don't go making any wedding plans," Julia said, pushing herself away from the counter. "Do you need help with the pastries?"

"No, no, you just sit right down," Dee said. She pulled a pitcher from the fridge and poured two glasses, adding plenty of ice. "Here's something to take the heat off."

"Thanks," Julia said as her grandmother handed her the drink. She sipped it. "Mmm, is this lemonade? What makes it red?"

"It's a watermelon and raspberry lemonade," her grandmother said proudly. "Went out and got a melon for lunch but didn't know what to do with the rest of it. So, lemonade!"

"It's delicious," Julia said. She gulped down the drink quickly.

"Oh, and one of the men from the bank stopped by," Dee said, too casually.

"From the bank?"

"He said that the proceedings are going forward in two months," Dee said. "I didn't want to worry you about it, but-"

"But I sent them the money for last month's mortgage!"

"It's something about the property tax also being late," Dee said. "Julia, I don't know if we can keep this up."

"We can handle it," Julia said. "I'll try to get more shifts at the library."

"I don't want you working yourself to the bone just to keep this house," Dee said softly.

"But it's your house! It's the house you grew up in! And I grew up here, too..." Julia said.

"I can always find a smaller place. It might be better at my age." Dee shrugged as she washed and dried her hands, but there was a sadness in her eyes that Julia could not bear to see.

"How much do they want?" she asked.

"Nine thousand dollars."

"Nine thousand!"

"I'm sorry, Julia. You've done everything you can for me," Dee said. "I don't want you to worry about the house. It's just a house."

"It's our house," Julia said, tears threatening to spill over her eyes for the second time that day. Granny Dee came around the table and cupped her hands around Julia's face. Her skin felt soft and wrinkled, and she smelled like a comfortable mix of lavender and baking.

"It's the people in a house who make it home," Dee said, looking straight into Julia's eyes. "Wherever we end up, we'll still be family."

"Okay," Julia said softly.

"Go relax," Dee said. "You deserve it."

"Okay," Julia said. "Goodnight. I love you."

"I love you too, sweet child," Dee said.

Julia walked up the stairs to her small room. She looked out of her window, but the foreclosure sign in the front yard made her sick to her stomach. Nine thousand dollars. That would take months of paychecks from the library. There was no way that they could get the money in time, no matter how many guests came to stay at the bed and breakfast.

Closing the blinds, she lit a candle next to her bed. She'd always liked to read by candlelight, no matter how many times Dee told her that it would make her nearsighted. Julia sighed, rolling over on her bed to look for a book on her shelves. She needed to escape from life. And books always made the bad things disappear, if only for a little while.

Skimming through the spines on the shelf, she found her finger resting on a book she hadn't read in a while. It was a fairy tale book that her mother had bought her because the princess looked like Julia in the illustrations. She pulled it out and plopped down on the bed, opening the book to the first page.

"Once upon a time," the story started, "there lived a very smart young princess named Felicity."

Julia let her fingertips move over the princess's face on the page. The same bright red curls of hair, the nose covered in freckles, the plump cheeks. It looked like her, alright. Even though her hair had calmed down a bit over the years, she still woke up to a fuzzy mess on top of her head more days than not. Her mom said that anybody could be a princess.

Julia choked up and closed the book, blinking through her tears. Her parents had been dead for over ten years now, and there wasn't a single day that passed that she didn't miss them. While Granny Dee was kind and loving, Julia still longed for someone else to share her life with.

"There's nobody out there for me," she whispered. The face of the blind man, Damien, rose up immediately, unbidden, in her mind. His lips, his cheek-she felt like she could almost reach out and touch him. She remembered the almost electrical shock that he had given her when he touched her elbow, the warmth that had spread through her body when he talked to her.

"Not for me," she said, but the memory felt so comforting that she let her thoughts spin off into dreams of Damien. Soon she was dancing in a gown as he led her around a ballroom in a stately waltz.

"For me." Her lips formed the words, but no sound came from them. Outside in the night sky, the full moon rose soft and white, shrinking as it fell upwards among the stars.

CHAPTER FOUR

Damien

Back at the hotel, Damien found Kyle and Jordan talking animatedly over a map about the possibility of buying a house outside of the city. Kyle had brought back a bunch of real estate brochures which were scattered across the map in different regions. Damien walked over to the table and stood behind a chair. His hand bumped the table slightly, but as soon as he felt the slightest touch, he had already reacted and adapted to the obstacle. In public he often pretended to rely on his cane more than he needed too, for his deftness and intuition sometimes made people doubt that he was blind.

"South of the city will be better for us," Jordan said decisively, pointing out the map topography. "The way the mountains are lined up, the wind blows south over the entire urban area. We wouldn't have to worry about any wolf passing through the city and smelling us."

"Who passes through this city?" Kyle asked, shrugging. "College kids? Any member of a pack wouldn't be leaving their territory to go to school somewhere else. It makes no sense."

"Anybody might pass through!" Jordan said, adjusting his eyeglasses on his nose. "Just driving through. What if someone drove through the city?"

"We're in the middle of Bumfuck, Nowhere," Kyle said. "Who's going to smell us? Pardon my language, Katherine," he said, blushing as he nodded apologetically in her direction. She scowled.

"At least we can afford any of the places around here," Jordan said. "We've got enough money to buy half the town if we wanted to. Turns out Bumfuck, Nowhere is a cheap place to live."

"Are there any good places south of the city?" Damien asked. At his question, both Katherine and Kyle perked up to attention.

"I found a couple," Kyle said. "And Jordan scouted around the edges to see which ones we can get to from the state park's land."

"There are a few," Jordan said, scratching at his beard. "Most of them are pretty ramshackle, though. It's the poor part of the area, the houses are old."

"We're going to tear down the house anyway, right? Build separate cabins?" Katherine said. She hugged close to Damien's side.

"I'd like a study of my own," Jordan said. "For research."

"And you'll need a house for your family," Kyle blurted out. He licked his lips and bent his head, avoiding Katherine's gaze. Damien paused for a second, gathering the information he could from the subtle sounds of his pack, and then picked the strands of the conversation back together.

"Go tomorrow and check out the interesting places together," Damien said to the two men.

"In human form?" Kyle asked.

Jordan's voice was soaked in sarcasm. "Yes, in human form. Unless you think it's a good idea to go traipsing into an open house as a wolf?"

"I meant to get there," Kyle said. "I want to run. My leg is hurting." He tapped his withered foot on the floor..

"Everybody wants to stretch their legs, Kyle," Katherine said. "You think I wanted to scout in the city all day?"

"It's just that it's been three days nonstop on the road," Kyle said.

"Three whole days?" Jordan sniffed condescendingly. "Ah, to be young again and have nothing to complain about."

"You got to run all day today around the outskirts of the city!" Kyle said. "How is that fair?"

"I don't suppose respect for your elders was something they taught you in your last pack," Jordan hissed.

"Enough," Damien said quietly, but the instant he said it silence descended on the table. "Katherine and I will scout around the edges of the state park tomorrow while Jordan and Kyle visit the potential houses. Kyle, you can run with us as far as the highway, and Jordan will pick you up at the rest stop we stayed at last night before you go house hunting. That's what, a mile? Mile and a half?"

"That would be perfect," Kyle said, the brightness back in his attitude. Argumentative as he was, Kyle could never stay in a bad mood for long.

"Then it's settled," Jordan said, shoving his chair back from the table. "Can't wait to go house hunting with you tomorrow, honey."

"You got it, babe," Kyle said, smirking. "I'm going to go hit up the gas station for some donuts. Anybody want to come?"

He addressed the group, but Damien could smell his lust from across the table.

"I'll go," Katherine said.

"We have snacks in our room already, Katherine," Damien said. "Don't you remember?"

"Oh. Right." The bit of disappointment in Katherine's voice disappeared as she kissed Damien on the cheek. "I'll see you later in bed?"

"I'll be there shortly." Damien waited until he heard Katherine shut the door to their room just across the hall. Outside the window, Kyle limped across the parking lot towards the gas station.

"You worried about your competition?" Jordan asked, teasing. "Is that little crippled boy wolf going to take over the pack? Take your girl?"

"He's head over heels for her, that's for damn sure," Damien said.

"You're not going to fight him," Jordan said, only a hint of a question in his voice.

"No, of course not," Damien said. "He's a kid. Weak."

"You're blind."

"Doesn't matter that much in a fight," Damien said thoughtfully. "No, I just have to keep them apart. We don't need any fights between members of the pack."

He felt his way to the hotel end table and pulled out the bottle of scotch from his briefcase.

"A little premature to celebrate, don't you think?" Jordan asked. "Not that I won't take a drink."

"I'm alright with celebrating early. This feels like the right town," Damien said. He poured two glasses of scotch, listening for the tinkling pitch that meant the glasses were half-full. He handed one over to Jordan, and they both sat back in their chairs. The full moon was low in the sky outside of the open window. He could feel the pull of it, the same force that moved the waters of the earth.

"It does, doesn't it?" Jordan said, sipping his drink. "Peaceful town. A good place to settle and start raising a family."

Damien winced.

"Don't remind me," he said.

"What, you don't want to have kids?"

Damien paused before answering, taking another sip of scotch. The liquid burned the back of his throat, but the fire was welcome. He wanted kids, sure. He wanted a family. But first of all, he wanted a mate who was right for him. And Katherine, for all her youth and beauty, was not right for him.

"I'll do whatever's best for the pack," Damien said.

"She's almost ready to mate," Jordan said thoughtfully.

"She is ready," Damien said. He took another gulp of scotch. "She told me last night."

Jordan's inhale was audible.

"So that's why you want this to be the town," he said.

"I want every town to be the town," Damien said, finishing his scotch and setting the empty glass back on the table. He felt the cool glass under his fingers, the slight moisture of the liquor evaporating from the rim. "We've been saving up and searching for a territory for two years. That's longer than any pack should be on the move. Even if we only have one female."

"The kid will be jealous," Jordan said.

"He'll get over it."

"I'll be jealous."

"You're always jealous," Damien said, smiling. Jordan had never been interested in any females, of mating age or otherwise. Ever since they were pups together, Damien and Jordan had been best friends, and when they grew older Jordan had admitted that he felt more attracted to Damien than any other wolf in the pack.

"So the high and mighty Damien will finally take a mate," Jordan said. "I can't decide if I should congratulate you or pity you. Katherine is a handful."

"I felt something strange today," Damien said. "I thought that it might be the Calling."

"Makes sense," Jordan said, pouring another glass of scotch. "If she's just now old enough to mate."

"Not with Katherine."

"Oh? You found another wolf in town?" Jordan asked. "Who?" Damien could hear the intense curiosity in his voice.

"I thought I had," Damien said. "I could have sworn that I felt the connection between us. But when I approached her-" He stopped talking, remembering the intensity of the feeling when he had touched her arm. She had felt it too, or had he just imagined it?

"What?" Jordan asked.

"She was human," Damien said, forcing out a chuckle. "Not a wolf at all. Didn't scent. Didn't respond when I joked about werewolves. Pure human."

Jordan laughed.

"You're going bonkers," he said, clapping Damien on the shoulder. "It's impossible to feel the Calling for a human."

"Is that your professional opinion?" Damien asked.

"What, that you're going bonkers? That's been my opinion for a long time."

"That it's impossible to have a human as a mate." Damien said the sentence quietly, and Jordan caught the seriousness in his tone.

"From everything I know about our anatomy and theirs," Jordan said, "there's no way. They don't have the glandular structure to allow it."

"Maybe I felt something else," Damien said, trying to lighten the mood. As much as they joked, he didn't want Jordan to think that he was actually losing his mind.

"Hope so," Jordan said. "We don't have a chance in hell of saving the pack if our alpha goes off and falls in love with a human."

"Like I said, I'll do whatever is best for the pack," Damien said.

"Katherine's a good girl," Jordan said. He stood up and clasped Damien on the shoulder. "She'll make a strong mate. Even if you're not Called to her."

"I know."

"You have a chance to make something good here," Jordan said. "To start a new pack, in a new territory."

"I know," Damien repeated.

"I'm going to bed," Jordan said. "Tomorrow's a long day. I'll have to do a medical exam on Katherine, too, to make sure everything's alright with her before you two start trying for kids."

"That sounds fine," Damien said. His heart sank as he thought about starting a family with Katherine. He was the alpha, and it was expected, and before today he wouldn't have thought twice about settling down with her and having babies. It was for the pack, after all. But now...

Now he realized what it felt like to fall in love. To feel the Calling.

And he had to ignore it.

CHAPTER FIVE

Julia

Julia woke in the morning to a pounding noise coming from downstairs. She wiped the sleep from her eyes and rolled out of bed, pulling a robe over her bare shoulders. Who would be knocking at the door at eight in the morning? Today was the one day she could sleep in-the library didn't open until ten-and of course it was being ruined by someone.

By the time she got downstairs, her grandmother was already on the front porch, shushing the intruders. Julia pushed the screen door open slowly. One of the men was thin, with a dark complexion, a curly beard, and glasses. The other one, the blond one, was much younger. Maybe even still a teenager, but with a more muscular build than the older man. They couldn't possibly be related. And yet the way they stood reminded her of a father and son.

"This is a bed and breakfast," Granny Dee said, scolding the men. "You can't come waltzing in here and make a commotion. You'll wake people up!"

"We're here to look at the house," the younger man said.

"It's not for sale," Dee said.

"Granny Dee-" Julia said.

"That's not what the sign out front says," the dark-haired man said, pointing behind him with his thumb.

"Whatever that sign says," Dee spat, "It's my house, and it's not for sale."

"I just spoke with the bank representative," the dark-haired man said. "He told me that open hours were eight to noon on Saturdays."

"They must be wrong," Dee said, crossing her arms.

"Granny Dee," Julia said, pulling her by her arm back towards the screen door. "We'll get in trouble if we don't keep open hours. We agreed."

"I agreed to nothing," Dee said, but Julia could see her shoulders slumping.

"It's alright," Julia said. "I'll show them around and get them out of here before anyone wakes up. Okay?"

In response, Dee simply opened the door and went inside.

"Granny Dee-"

"I'll be waiting in my bathroom until they're done," Dee said, waving one hand in the air dismissively. "Don't let them come in, unless the bank says they're allowed to see my wrinkled rear end."

Julia sighed and turned back to the men.

"Charming place," the dark-haired man said with a smirk.

"Follow me," Julia said. She led them through the kitchen and living room, pointing out the fireplace and guest apartments.

"Is this wall insulated?" the young man asked, rapping his knuckles on the wall of one of the guest rooms. Julia cringed.

"No," she whispered, hoping that they would get the hint. "None of the walls are. This house was built in 1923, and it's never been updated except for the electrical stuff. Air conditioning costs are horribly expensive. You'd probably have to install central air. And the toilets run to a septic tank." She waved them through to the back porch. At least there they could speak loudly without waking up the guests.

"How about the beams here?" the blonde man asked, pointing to the porch supports.

"Yes, any reinforcements?" the older man asked.

"No, it's all wood and brick," Julia said. "Insurance is more expensive, too, because the foundation is unapproved slab. Is there anything else I can show you?" She wanted them gone. She hoped that her answers had been enough to drive them away. The longer it took the bank to find a buyer, the longer they could stay.

"That's all we need, really," the older man said. "Thank you."

"You're welcome," Julia said curtly.

They both followed Julia down the stairs and back out to the front yard, where she didn't bother to offer any goodbyes, simply opening the gate for them.

"It's really perfect," the young man said.

"Perfect?" Julia asked, spinning back around. That was the last word she'd use to describe the house.

"Sure," the blond man said. "It would be easy to tear down, no asbestos in the walls or anything. And the septic would be good to run to multiple cabins when we build them out." He nodded towards the older man. "What do you think, Jordan?"

"Looks good," the man said, glancing at Julia. Her face was burning hot, and she was pretty sure her normally fair skin was as red as a summer tomato. "We'll need to check out the other places first, though."

"But it's on such good land-"

"Just so you know," Julia said, her hands in fists at her side. "This is my grandmother's house, and we don't want to leave. We'll fight the eviction. Squat if we have to. It won't be an easy sale." Her voice trembled as she spoke.

"You're messing with the wrong people," the younger man snarled. "What kind of threat are you making?"

"Easy, Kyle," the older man said, putting a hand on his shoulder. The young man relaxed his posture. The old man adjusted his glasses, looking up at the house.

"It's a beautiful place," he said. "I understand why you'd hate to lose it. But if you're in dire straits..." He held out his hands in a gesture of supplication. "It might be better for you to take a good deal than to fight with every possible buyer. Just so you know."

Julia's breath hissed between her teeth, but she did not say another word until they had left the front yard and driven away.

'They're gone?" Granny's Dee voice called from across the living room.

"They're gone," Julia said, looking back out to where their black luxury sedan was speeding over the hill away from the house. "Here, let me help you with breakfast."

The morning passed quickly, and soon Julia was back to work and avoiding her boss. It was late in the day when she finally finished shelving all of the new books. Her break was way overdue, and she stretched her arms as she walked back to the break room, eager to sit down and rest her feet for a moment. Just as she rounded the corner, she felt something very strange come over her, a sense that somebody was watching her.

"Julia?"

Julia spun around, startled by the voice. It was the man from the day before. Damien. He held his cane in both hands in front of him loosely, leaning slightly onto it. His dark glasses made him look casual, even though she knew that wasn't the reason he wore them.

"Oh my god, you startled me!" she said, her breath catching in her throat.

"Sorry," Damien said, his smile betraying his amusement. "It must be terrifying for a blind man to sneak up on you like that."

Julia laughed.

"I was off in my own world, I guess," she said. Then a thought struck her.

"How did you know it was me?" she asked.

"Your shoes," he said, after just a second's hesitation. "The way they click on the floor."

"Are you serious?" Julia asked, arching one eyebrow in suspicion. "What are you, Sherlock Holmes?" She couldn't help but feel attracted to him, but there was something that didn't add up. The weird hesitation, the way he'd called her name like he knew she was right there-

"I'm just used to telling people apart by their footsteps," Damien said. "How's your day going?"

"Long. Busy. Just like normal." Julia said, feeling awkward just standing there, though Damien seemed entirely at ease.

"Are you heading out right now?"

"I'm just on my break," she said.

"How long do they give you?"

"Fifteen minutes," Julia said.

"Wonderful," he said. "Let me buy you a cup of coffee. There's a cafe just down the street, if I'm not mistaken."

"I-uh-" Julia stammered, not sure how to take his offer.

"Unless you don't want to have coffee with a strange man," Damien said, shrugging in a joking way. "I know I can seem kind of intimidating."

Julia thought that he was intimidating-at least the idea of having coffee with him. He made her crave something she'd never craved before, and she was scared to death of messing it up. He waited for her answer calmly, and she gulped down her objections. Except for one.

"It's not that," she said.

"Then what?"

"The girl you were with yesterday," Julia said. She coughed. God, she felt stupid. But she had been hit on by too many attractive men who turned out to be married and just looking for a fling. "Is she..."

"Oh, no," Damien said, looking surprised at her question. "She's my guide."

"Okay," Julia said. "I just didn't want to step on any toes."

"Stepping on toes is usually my problem," Damien said, holding out his hand. Julia reached out and clasped her palm to his.

CHAPTER SIX

Damien

The shock that jolted up Damien's arm when he touched Julia again almost made him drop her hand. He swallowed hard, his heartbeat doubling in pace as he tried to relax his arm enough to walk casually. She had no idea the kind of effect she was having on him, or else she did a fantastic job of masking it. Her palm was soft and warm and it took all of his self-control not to lift the hand to his lips and kiss it. Lord, to kiss her! It might destroy him.

The aura he felt emanating from her was stronger today, if that were possible, and the idea that she was human disappeared with the awareness of her mind. Every emotion she felt seemed to sweep through his body, echoing through him and making it hard for him to think. She had to be his mate. It was impossible for her to cause this kind of connection without being his mate. And if that was true, she was a werewolf. Had to be.

When he sensed her presence walking by him, he had called out her name without thinking. Fortunately, most people seemed to believe that blind people had extrasensory abilities anyway, and she believed his excuse without too much thought.

He tried to regain his thoughts as they walked out the door into the summer sunlight, but he was absolutely dumbstruck by the idea that he had found his mate, and that he was right now walking down the street with her, holding her hand.

His cane extended out in front of him only slightly, making sure that the ground was level.

"How are the books working out for you?" she asked.

"Great," Damien said, thankful for the question. "I've already read through most of what I need."

"You find any monsters around here?"

"Not yet." Damien cocked his head. He wished he could read her expressions to tell if she were really joking. Julia laughed.

"Well, you just let me know if you find any. I'll be running the other way," she said. Damien cracked a grin.

"You would leave a poor blind man to fend off the monsters by himself?" he asked.

"I think you could take care of yourself," Julia said. "You'd just use your superhearing to beat them. Just like that one guy... who's that superhero who's blind?"

"Daredevil," Damien said.

"Right, like him."

Damien sensed Julia's pause at the cafe entrance. He stepped ahead and opened the door to the cafe, holding it for Julia. She walked through, dropping his hand, and instantly he felt the connection between them break off into just a vague awareness of her emotional presence. He stood in line with her so close to him that he could smell her. He breathed in deeply.

"I love the smell of coffee," Julia said, relaxed and happy. Damien smiled and stepped forward to order. They sat outside, a large umbrella shading them from the hot sun.

"What are your favorite smells?" Julia asked.

"Interesting question," Damien said. "I suppose I like the smell of pine trees. Not the pine needles themselves, but the resin that seeps out of the bark. It's a slightly bitter smell, but sweet too." He took a sip of his coffee. "What about you?"

"Coffee, definitely," Julia said.

"What about violets?" Damien asked.

"How did you know that?!" Julia cried out. Damien sensed her apprehension.

"I have all of the super senses," Damien said. "Your perfume yesterday."

"Oh!" Julia said. "Oh, right. I forgot I wore that yesterday."

"It was violets, right?"

"Yes," she said. "That was my mother's favorite perfume."

Damien sensed a darkness that rose up quickly from the depths of Julia's heart. The sorrow pierced him, and he felt his useless eyes welling up with tears despite himself. He blinked and reached forward to take Julia's hand, knocking over the coffee instead. He could hear the splatter of the liquid on the sidewalk and Julia scrambling to right the cup.

"Oh, I'm so sorry!" Damien pulled his hand back, shocked that he had bumped into the cup. Julia's emotions must have clouded his senses. He hadn't knocked over anything in months, years maybe.

"It's no problem," Julia said. "I'll clean it up."

"Please, let me," Damien said, pulling a wad of napkins from the dispenser and trying as hard as he could to block out her emotions, which were putting his senses into complete disarray.

"Did I get any on you?" Damien asked.

"No, no, I'm fine," Julia said, but the scrape of napkins against fabric told him that she was lying to him.

"I'm sorry," Damien said again. He was unused to apologizing for being clumsy, and his hands seemed awkward no matter what he did with them. "Can I get you another one?"

"It's okay, I have to get back soon anyway," Julia said. Damien didn't know if the disappointment radiating from her was because of his clumsy or because she had to leave. He hoped that it was the latter. "Just let me have a sip of yours?"

"Sure," Damien said. "I'll let you pick up the cup on your own. It's less dangerous that way."

Julia chuckled and sipped his coffee. "So tell me about yourself."

"Me? There's not much interesting to tell."

"What are you doing here? I haven't seen you around town before."

"Well, I'm actually thinking about moving here."

"Oh? What do you do for a living? Teach?"

"I'm a writer," Damien said automatically. It was his go-to response whenever anyone asked him what his job was. Writing was an easy career to fake, and a difficult one to prove wrong. He had actually penned a couple of books a few years ago, when he was paranoid about being found out. But now Julia lit up, and Damien realized that he might have chosen the wrong occupation to lie about.

"That's so exciting! What do you write?" Julia said. "Half the reason I applied to work at the library was because I love reading books. That was before I knew that they actually frown upon reading during work." She giggled.

"You mean you don't just lie down in the back and read all day? There should definitely be a position for that job," Damien said. "I mean, somebody has to read all those books!"

"I know, right?" Julia laughed. "So what kind of books do you write?" she asked, turning the subject back to him.

"I can't tell you. You'll laugh," Damien said.

"Let me guess, then," Julia said. "You write erotic romance novels. Bodice rippers with pictures of skinny girls with flowing hair clinging onto half-naked men on the covers. And they're all pirate themed."

"Close," Damien said. "But no, no romance novels."

"Fantasy?" Julia guessed. "Dragons and wizards and that kind of stuff?"

"Nope."

"Tell me," she said. Damien could hear her heart beating a bit faster.

"Well, if you must know," he said. "I write about folklore."

"Is that why you wanted the book about legends around here?" Julia asked.

"Yes," Damien said, feeling just a bit bad about lying to her. He was desperate to find out if she was secretly a werewolf, but at the same time he hesitated to ask in any manner that seemed too blatant.

"That's interesting," Julia said. "You must know some weird stories."

"Some of them are pretty fantastical, I have to say. Do you have any weird stories to share?" Damien asked, listening intently.

"Nope," Julia said, taking another sip of his coffee. He reached out to take it from her and touched her fingers with his as he did. The connection between them flashed into sharp relief for that brief second, and Damien threw himself intensely into the awareness. He couldn't sense any kind of deception from her, though; she had nothing to conceal.

"I'll have to tell you some of mine, then," Damien said, hoping to draw her a bit further out.

"It'll have to be some other time," Julia said. "I need to get back to work. I'm going to be late as it is."

"That's a shame," Damien said, standing up. "Thanks for letting me spill coffee all over you."

"Thank you for spilling coffee all over me," Julia said, laughing. "I had a great time."

"Maybe we can do it some other time?" Damien asked. "We can try something new. Maybe you can spill tea on me."

"That sounds wonderful," Julia said. "I have tomorrow off, the library is closed. Just in case, you know, you don't have anything going on." She gave him her phone number, and he entered it into his phone by touch.

"This is it, right?" he said, showing her the screen to make sure he'd typed it in right.

"You got it! I, um, really... I have to go," she said.

"Of course," Damien said. She stood up and so did he. He held out his hand and she pressed his palm in a handshake. Without letting himself hesitate, and buoyed by her warm response to his jokes, Damien raised her hand to his lips and pressed a kiss onto her fingers.

It was a mistake. The connection between them before that moment had been tenuous, if intense. He could feel the separation between her emotion and his, and could untangle them if he needed to. Now, though, with his lips against her skin, he sensed the passage between them open up, widen, and take over his mind. He could no longer tell the difference between a feeling coming from his own mind or hers, and her thoughts reverberated through him. Not just emotions, this time, as he had sensed before. The emotions were there, to be sure: desire, curiosity, and a hint of fear. But his lips fell apart slightly and he breathed in a sharp breath as he now heard clearly the words that she was thinking:

...the one. He's the one. It's him...

CHAPTER SEVEN

Julia

Damien's lips were hot against Julia's skin even in the summer air, and for a moment she thought she would swoon. He pulled back quickly, though, dropping her hand from the kiss after just a brief moment of contact. His glasses fell down on his nose and she caught a glimpse of his eyes. They were hazed over, but that wasn't the strange part. The strange part was that his eyes shone golden, like there was a light coming through from behind the irises. He pushed the glasses back up on his nose and the light was hidden.

"Thanks again," Julia said. "See you later." She turned and walked away quickly so that she would not be tempted to turn back. She wanted to stay and talk to him for hours. A writer! And he seemed interested in her! She felt like a her**ne from a Jane Austen novel.

At the library, Julia hummed through the rest of her work. The hours passed quickly as she daydreamed about Damien. He had held her hand so possessively, as though she belonged to him already, and he belonged to her. And then he had kissed her hand-how romantic! Her thoughts spiraled into intricate fantasies about what other places he might kiss on her body. When her boss yelled at her for not finishing processing all of the discard books, she just blushed and went right to it. Although she had hoped that he might come back to the library to see her again, by the time she closed up and left she was still in a good mood from their brief coffee date.

Back home, Granny Dee was clipping the roses in the front of the house in the dusky light of sunset.

"Granny Dee!" Julia beamed as she came through the gate. "How was your day?"

"Not as good as yours, it seems," Dee said, smiling secretively. "Things looking better after this morning?"

"This morning?" Julia thought for a second before remembering the men who had come to see the house. "Oh, yes, much better! We'll figure something out about the house, I'm sure of it." While the situation with the mortgage was as bleak as ever, the burst of energy that Damien's attention had given Julia made her certain that good things were going to happen soon.

"So who's this lucky boy who makes my granddaughter come up the steps in a hop, skip, and a jump?" Dee said. "Come, sit on the bench here and tell me all about him."

Julia sat down, sorting through the rose clippings for buds to make a small table centerpiece, and described Damien to her grandmother. Granny Dee listened and smiled and asked all of the right questions.

"He sounds like a very nice person," she said. "You say he's blind? Was he born that way?"

"I'm not sure," Julia said. "I didn't ask him."

"It's a shame he won't be able to see your pretty face," Dee said, chucking Julia under the chin with her gloved finger. "But I suppose he'll be able to figure out what you look like by touch." She winked, and Julia blushed hard.

She hadn't thought about it, but Damien would have to touch her soon. So far he had only touched her hand, her arm. He had no idea what she looked like. A nagging worry crept up the back of Julia's mind. What if he didn't like her after he touched her and found out what she looked like? Was she misleading him by not telling him? She shook the thoughts away. They would just have to deal with that when they came to it.

"I'm going to go for a walk out back," Julia said. "Here." She handed her grandmother the small bouquet of buds she'd picked out.

"Thank you," Dee said. "These will look lovely on the table for breakfast tomorrow."

"I'll see you in a bit," Julia said, kissing Granny Dee on the cheek before walking around the house and toward the woods in the back.

Julia loved the broad meadow in the backyard, especially on hot summer nights like this one. The fireflies danced over the long grass, winking their warm yellow lights on and off. She walked out into the darkness until she was among them in the field. The lights coming from the house windows were only slightly bigger and brighter than the fireflies, and when she looked out toward the woods she felt as though she was in the middle of a tornado of lights, the blinking bugs swirling around her. One blinked, went out, then blinked again, closer. She squinted to try and see the firefly against the darkening sky, and then it blinked again, right in front of her. She quickly brought her hands up and caught the firefly between her cupped palms. She could feel its small legs tickling the inside of her palm, the place where Damien had first touched her.

What would he do when they finally embraced? She dreamed about Damien touching her, feeling her curves, her wide hips. His hands ran over her and in her mind she saw him grimace, recoil from her body. Her heart sank.

"No," she whispered. "He wouldn't do that." But the fragment of doubt that had worried its way under her skin continued to irritate her, and she could not envelop herself in the same daydreams that she had spent the morning contemplating. She brought her cupped hands up and peeked through the small opening between her thumbs. The firefly lit up her hands just then, casting a warm glow through her fingers. She spread her fingers wide and let it go, but the firefly continued to walk on her skin, over her thumb and onto her wrist, then back to her palm. A strange feeling ran through her, the same feeling she'd had of being watched in the library.

"Go on, little bug," she said, lifting her hand up. She blew the firefly off toward the woods as though she was blowing a kiss, and then she froze.

Amid the glow of a hundred fireflies, there were two small golden lights that did not move. As she watched, they stayed lit, not blinking off after a few seconds the way that fireflies always did.

"Hello?" she called out, then felt stupid for it. She took a step forward and blinked, rubbing her eyes. No, it wasn't a mistake-the tiny lights continued to shine from inside of the woods.

A cold chill ran through her body. Was there some kind of animal out there? She'd heard that there were deer around here, but she'd seen deer before and these were not a deer's eyes. She began to step slowly backwards, keeping the yellow lights in her sight at all times.

"Julia? Did you call out?"

Julia spun towards Granny Dee's voice. Her grandmother was standing on the porch, a basket of cut roses in her hands. Julia turned back quickly to see the gold lights, but they were gone. Her eyes darted everywhere, thinking that one of the pinpoints of gold floating in the darkness must be them, but none of the lights stayed on for more than a couple of seconds. It was only fireflies.

"It was nothing," Julia said, walking back towards the house and up onto the porch. "I just thought I saw an animal out there in the forest."

"Deer?"

"No, I'm not sure what it was," Julia said. Her grandmother had always told her that the woods were safe-there weren't any large predators around the area-but she couldn't explain what her gut told her about the lights in the darkness. What she had imagined about the eyes.

Because she had thought, in the first instant she saw them, that they looked like the eyes of a wolf.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Damien

"It's this way."

Kyle led the pack running through the woods in wolf form, with Katherine and Damien following and Jordan trailing behind them. They were always cautious, even if there was no other sign of wolf scent. The pine trees smelled fresh in the coolness of the morning air, and the dead leaves underneath crackled satisfyingly under their paws as they ran.

They communicated in short yelps and growls whenever they had to, but in wolf form most of their discussion was implicit, instinctive. One look could speak more than a hundred words. When they came close to the place Kyle had scouted yesterday, he slowed and turned toward the rest of the group.

"This one. Only a mile now."

As the wolves crested the last hill and moved down toward the house in the middle of the clearing, Damien began to feel a strange presence. He stopped short and Katherine stopped next to him.

"What's wrong?"

"I'm not sure. Let's be careful."

Kyle circled back and they trotted together in a more tightly knit group to the edge of the field where the house stood. Damien recognized what the presence was, and in that same instant the wind shifted and he smelled her perfume, a hint of violet.

Julia.

Katherine swiveled her head toward him, nudging his shoulder with her snout, but he ignored her.

"Trouble?" Jordan asked, coming up on his other side.

"Is the entrance to the state park nearby?" Damien asked.

"Just over the next hill, off a bit to the east," Kyle said.

"How far?"

"I'm not sure," Kyle admitted. "I circled around last night, so it might be closer than I thought."

"Take Katherine there and figure out the distance," Damien said, sitting back on his haunches.

Kyle was eager to run with Katherine, and they took off at a brisk pace through the trees.

"Change your mind about your competition?" Jordan asked. His voice was cautious.

"I wanted to talk alone," Damien said. "But first let's go closer to the house. You visited it yesterday?"

"It's old, ready to be torn down," Jordan said. "Shouldn't be too much of an issue, except that the sellers are stubborn."

"That's what Kyle said," Damien said. They wove their way through the trees toward the clearing. The rising sun sent rays shimmering warmly through the branches over their heads, and small flying insects swarmed in clouds, reflecting the light of dawn and tickling their fur whenever they moved through a bunch of them. Suddenly Damien heard the crack of a door opening, and the smell of violets grew stronger. His heart swelled with the now-familiar ache for a mate.

"Who is that?" he asked, knowing already what the answer was going to be.

"It's a girl," Jordan said. He sensed the change in Damien's demeanor, and his fur bristled. "Why are you-"

"It's her," Damien said.

"Who?"

"The girl I met at the library."

Jordan turned his eyes back to the house.

"She's not a wolf. She has no scent," he said.

"You're probably right."

"I know I'm right," Jordan said. He sniffed. "She didn't want to sell the house."

"What does she look like?" Damien asked. Desperate hope flooded through him, despite Jordan's words. She might not be a wolf, but she was his mate. He knew it now more than ever, in his wolf form.

"She's not very tall," Jordan said, smelling Damien's lust and realizing on the surface what it meant. "Red hair. Green eyes. A bit on the heavy side. Fair skin with freckles. Damien-"

"I just want to know," Damien said.

"Well, it's no wonder she's attracted to you," Jordan said, sniffing. "You're out of her league."

Damien growled, and Jordan stayed silent for a moment.

"She doesn't want to sell the house?" Damien asked.

"It's a foreclosure. Two months before they even start the eviction process," Jordan said. "I'm guessing they'll stay as long as possible, but they'll be kicked out eventually."

"That's a shame," Damien murmured.

"She could be persuaded," Jordan said. "You could convince her."

"We can find another place," Damien said. He couldn't manipulate Julia.

"We need a place now, and none of the others border the state park," Jordan said. "This area is perfect."

"Then we could stay here for a while," Damien said.

"Stay here? Where? In the woods?"

"We could camp out until they're evicted. We don't need to force her out."

"If you want to settle down here, Damien, you need to settle down."

"I want to settle. More than you know."

"To ask the pack to wait another month or two, when we don't have to... it's unwise."

"They'll do what I tell them to do," Damien said.

"You've always done what's best for the pack," Jordan said. His voice growled low, a warning. "And what's best for the pack right now is for you to settle down with Katherine and start your family. This is the only place we've found worth settling on."

Damien closed his mouth. He had been going to say something, but he knew Jordan would not want to hear his protests.

"Damien-"

"You're right. I'll talk to her," Damien said. He would have to figure something out, and fast. Katherine was already beginning to bother him about mating.

"Good."

"This is a good place," he said, nodding slowly. "A good place for our pack."

"Let's go find Kyle and Katherine before they run off together," Jordan said. Damien growled but followed him. The pack was thrilled to have found a place so suitable, and they spent the rest of the day relaxing in celebration. Damien begged off of going out with the rest of them, saying that he needed to figure out how to best organize the move. Jordan lingered behind in the room.

"You'd better decide what you're going to do," Jordan said, a pointed tone in his voice.

"About?"

"You know damn well what about. The girl. The one who's not a wolf."

"I'll do what's best for the pack," Damien said dryly. "Don't I always?"

"I'm worried about you," Jordan said. "And I'm worried that you've stopped keeping an eye on Katherine and Kyle."

"I trust you to do that," Damien said, the finality in his voice telling Jordan that that was the end of the conversation.

That night he tossed and turned before falling asleep, memories of the pack and of Julia swirling in his mind. When he finally closed his eyes, he dreamed about finding Katherine in the snow.

In his dream, it was a year and a half ago, and the scars through his eyes had not yet healed. Damien and Jordan had been walking the edge of two territories, trying to avoid either pack. Damien would often stumble over rock outcroppings. He had not yet grown accustomed to navigating with his other senses. The snow made the progress slow going, but they needed to avoid going through any territories owned outright by a wolf pack.

Their plan almost worked, except that the two adjacent packs had been fighting on the border. When Damien and Jordan began to smell the scent of blood and wolves more strongly, they almost turned back. But there was no better path, and the winter had made them weak. Damien's eyes leaked, his fur sticky.

"The scent is strong," Jordan said.

"It could be the fight," Damien said. "That would release more scent into the air. They could already be gone."

"Perhaps," Jordan growled. "I hope you're right."

"If anything happens, run north," Damien said softly.

"And you?" Jordan asked.

"I'll follow you," Damien said. He knew that Jordan was a faster runner, and that there was no way he could keep up. Jordan knew it too, but he kept his mouth shut.

. Although at the time he had been blind, he saw himself now in his dream as though he was an invisible bystander. In bed, Damien twisted the sheets between his hands. He knew what he would see soon, and it wasn't a nice picture.

They stopped to roll against some small pine trees. The sharp smell of the pine might help to camouflage them in case the packs hadn't yet gone far. They walked on resolutely. The scents grew stronger and stronger, and any crackling of a branch stopped them in their tracks. It was slow going. In one narrow passageway, the scent of wolves grew so strong that Damien thought that he might bolt at the slightest sound. There was no other way. They padded through the snow in silence, rounding the corner where the passageway opened up.

It was the scene of the fight. Blood had stained the ground in dark puddles and bright splashes where the snow drifts hadn't yet melted, and the smell overpowered Damien's nostrils. Dead bodies of wolves lay strewn across the clearing, their fur damp with blood and the sweat that had not yet dried from their bodies. As they stepped slowly through the clearing, Damien's paws occasionally brushed against the corpses and he would draw back.

"Recent fight," Jordan said.

Damien sniffed the air, swiveling his head. He thought he scented-he thought he heard-

"Wolf," he said, moving closer to Jordan. "Somewhere close. Do you hear the breathing?"

Jordan paused and listened. Damien's muscles were tense, his body crouched and ready to fight if need be. The breathing grew louder, and then there was a whimper.

"Is that...?" Jordan said.

"What? What is it?" Damien twitched, his tail bristling, his teeth bared.

"It's one of the bodies," Jordan said, and then he trotted away from Damien's side. Damien followed his footsteps towards the source of the breathing noise.

"She's not dead," Jordan said, stopping short of the body. "She's a young one."

The wolf was laying on her side. Damien pushed past Jordan and sniffed over her wound. It was deep. She had been sliced open the entire way across her stomach by sharp teeth or claws. Her intestines were exposed, blood puddling and matting her fur down. Damien could smell her fear.

"Please-"

Damien flinched at the sound. He had not expected her to be able to talk. From the wound, she seemed close to death. She growled softly, a low purr that made its way through Damien's nerves and tore at his heart.

"If you want to eat me, please kill me first."

"Where did the other wolves go?" Jordan asked. "Which direction?"

The female wolf breathed sharply in, wincing in pain.

"We can help you," Damien said. He turned his head to Jordan. "You can help, can't you?" He could hear Jordan beside him, examining her wound.

"You can't help me," the girl wolf said. "I'm dying. I tried to shift..."

"Why? You would die of cold," Damien said, confused.

"That's what I'd hoped," she said. Despite her pain, there was a note of humor in her voice. "Better than dying of this."

"What's your name?" Damien asked.

"Katherine." Katherine lay her head back onto the snow, breathing deeply. "It's almost time."

"What can you do?" Damien asked Jordan.

"You can't do anything," Katherine said. "I saw what happened. I won't live. My stomach..."

"I might be able to help," Jordan said, licking the edge of her wound. "I'm a doctor. What direction did the other wolves go?"

"Northeast," Katherine said. There was a hint of fright in her voice, as though hope had given her reason to fear. "The other pack went due south; that's where their territory is."

"We need to get her somewhere warm," Jordan said. "I need to be able to shift. This is going to be delicate work."

"There was an empty cabin a few miles back," Damien said. "I could carry her."

"You'd shift into human form?"

"Can you think of another way?"

Jordan paused.

"No. Alright. Let's go fast; you'll freeze to death if we don't. Do you remember the way?"

"I'll just follow you back."

Damien breathed in and shifted, feeling his fur dissolve. He quickly pulled on the cloak he kept in his pack, but he had nothing for his feet. No matter. He bent over and picked up Katherine, making sure to press her wound tightly so that her intestines would not spill. She yelped as he picked her up. She weighed nearly nothing.

"Are you alright?" he asked.

"My stomach-" Katherine said.

"I'll hold it." Damien clutched her tightly to his chest. She grabbed his wrist, her fingers slippery with blood.

"Help me," she said. Her voice was scared, and Damien realized that she was younger than he had thought. A teenager. "Don't let me die."

"We won't," Damien said, although the front of his cloak was already soaked in blood and he wasn't sure he was telling her the truth.

"Thank you," Katherine said, nuzzling his arm. He began to walk.

Here the dream departed from reality. That day, Damien had carried Katherine over three miles of snowy terrain to an empty cabin nearby, and Jordan had worked for hours to clean and stitch up her wound while Damien had warmed his feet back from the threat of frostbite. They'd caught food and lived there in fear for two weeks, until Katherine was healthy enough to walk. She'd insisted on coming with them, and they agreed readily. A female in the pack was more than welcome.

Ever since they'd saved her life Katherine had clung to them and obeyed Damien without any hint of protest. He and Jordan had brought her back from the razor thin edge of death, and she was theirs forever, loyal to Damien's pack, if you could call three straggling wolves a pack.

In this dream, though, the wolf in his arms shifted back into human form as he walked through the snow.

The human form was not Katherine's. It was a different girl, one with fiery red hair and bright green eyes. She reached out one hand and touched his eyes, and suddenly Damien could see again. He turned his head down toward her in awe. Her eyes found his and a sense of pure peace swept through his body.

"You're the one," she said. "You're mine."

Damien's eyes opened. His hands clenched at the sheets on top of him and he breathed slowly until his heart stopped pounding in his ears. It was her. He knew it was her. And at that moment, lying in bed with the traces of his dream still floating through his eclipsed vision, he was not sure whether or not he had truly woken up.

CHAPTER NINE

Julia

Julia woke up from sleep and for a terrible second thought that the events of yesterday might just have been a dream. Then she remembered the touch of his hand on hers and sighed with renewed pleasure at the happy thought that reality had for once exceeded her expectations. Her life had been a series of tragedies and disappointments, and she was due for something positive.

She brushed her teeth with her cell phone balanced on the edge of the sink, waiting for him to call. She ate breakfast staring longingly at the screen, hoping that it would light up with his name, even as Granny Dee made small talk with the guests who were staying at the bed and breakfast. When he finally called Julia jumped out of her seat and was outside on the porch to answer it before the second ring.

"Hello?'' she said.

"Hi, I'm calling for a sexy librarian; I think her name is Julia?"

Julia laughed and sat down on the porch step.

"Hi Damien," she said, the name coming off of her tongue as sweetly as if she were tasting an exotic fruit. "It's early to get up, isn't it?"

"Were you asleep when I called? I waited as long as I could."

"No, I was up!" Julia blushed at the thought of Damien waiting in anticipation. "What are your plans for today?"

"Well, I was hoping to take a sexy librarian out on a date," Damien said. "If she's free, of course."

"She's free," Julia said, fanning herself with her free hand. "Free all day."

"Wonderful! I wanted to do some hiking, but it's so hot outside. Someone at the cafe told me that there was a lake next to the state park around here. He said it was good for swimming."

"That's right near my house!" Julia said, catching herself gushing. She didn't want to sound too eager, did she? God, she didn't know how to flirt, especially over the phone.

"Perfect. Can I meet you at your place? Sorry, my guide isn't going to be able to drive me after noon or so-she has work to do later today. But if you don't mind being my escort, she can drop me off."

"Of course! I don't mind at all."

"I can be there in an hour or so. Sound good?"

"Sounds great!" Julia couldn't keep the goofy grin off of her face as she ran upstairs and changed into her hiking clothes. Or should she wear a dress? It wasn't a long walk to the lake; she didn't really need hiking gear. She changed into a sundress and sandals. Perfect. She had already put on mascara before she realized that they would be swimming. Once she'd wiped it all off with makeup remover, she put on waterproof mascara. Then she realized that Damien wouldn't be able to see her anyway. She smacked her forehead and looked at herself in the mirror.

"Oh well," she said, sighing to herself. "I feel pretty, and that's what matters most."

The minutes she waited felt like an eternity, but finally Julia saw the car pull up on the road out front. The blond girl was sitting in the driver's seat, sunglasses covering her eyes. Damien got out of the passenger seat and began walking up the path to the house. Although he used his cane to sweep the path in front of him, Julia had the odd sense that he could see more than he was letting on. The way he walked so confidently, not even bothering to use his cane when he went up the steps. Up the steps-

Julia fixed her hair one last time in the mirror, and the doorbell rang. Granny Dee opened the door as Julia was walking down the stairs, and Damien stood in the entryway.

"Hello, I'm here to see Julia?"

"She's right here," Granny Dee said. Julia realized it was up to her to make the introductions.

"Hi Damien," she said. She wanted to lean forward to kiss him on the cheek, but she thought that it might be presumptuous. "This is Granny Dee. Dee, this is Damien."

"Pleased to meet you," Damien said.

"Pleasure's all mine," Dee said breezily. "Come in, won't you?"

"Thank you," Damien said.

"Would you like something to drink? Tea, coffee?"

"I'd love a cup of tea. Say, I ran into a sign out front. Are you selling or renting? I don't know if Julia told you, but I'm looking for a place to move into."

Julia and Dee both froze.

"We're...we're not doing either," Dee said. "Let me get you that tea." She scurried out of the room, and Damien's eyebrows knitted together.

"Did I say something wrong?" he asked.

"No, it's just...we're getting foreclosed on," Julia said.

"Oh! I'm so sorry." Damien reached over and put his hand on hers. "I wouldn't have asked."

"We're trying to make the payments," Julia said. "But it looks like we only have a couple of months before we're going to be evicted. The house is already listed as a short sale."

"That's terrible. Is there anything I can do?" His face twisted into an odd expression that lasted for only a second.

"No, no, it's okay. There's nothing worrying about it will fix," Julia said. Dee came back with tea, and they changed the subject to more pleasant topics. Damien praised Granny Dee's tea and soon they were talking and laughing like family. By the time Damien and Julia headed out the door, Julia was certain that Dee had forgiven him.

CHAPTER TEN

Damien

As they hiked out to the lake through the pine trees, Damien could smell the traces of wolf faintly. He wanted to shift into his wolf form-there was no way he could discern the danger with a human nose-but he couldn't come up with a pretext for leaving Julia. No matter. Normal wolves wouldn't want to come close to his scent anyway, and Kyle and Jordan had assured him that there were no other shifter packs around.

The branches overhead cleared and Damien could feel the sun shining down on his face, along with a cooler breeze. Sweat trickled down his face, stinging his eyes, and he wiped it away.

"We're here," Julia said. Damien reached out and took her hand. He had grown accustomed to the presence of her emotions, and now her happiness extended outward in a bright halo, enveloping the both of them. Katherine's face appeared briefly in his thoughts, and his heart tore at the idea that he might have to hurt her. To hurt either of them. He'd hated lying to Julia, pretending not to know about their house being foreclosed.

"What does it look like?" Damien asked, as they walked slowly out towards the source of the coolness. "Tell me."

"It's...it's a big lake. A mile across, maybe. It's too hot out today, so nobody else is here."

"We're the only ones crazy enough to hike in this heat?"

"I suppose so," Julia said. "There's a rock outcropping not too far away, with a pine tree that's growing sideways out of the rock. Step up, we're at the dock."

Damien pressed her hand as they stepped onto the wood planks. He could hear the faint splashes of water underneath the dock.

"And here we are," Julia said. Damien grinned and tore his shirt off. Immediately he sensed a sharp ache, and for an instant he was concerned. Then he realized that the ache coming from Julia was the ache of desire. She wanted him.

How could he tell her that he was a shifter? There was no way she would believe him, no way she would want to stay with him once she realized the truth. He wanted her so badly, but...but how? The two worlds of humans and wolves were separate for a reason.

"Ready to swim?" he asked.

"Um...I need to change," Julia said. He could tell that she was blushing, the feeling of embarrassment radiating from her skin. Embarrassment and desire.

"Are you worried about changing into your bathing suit?" Damien asked. "I won't look. Promise."

"I'm shy in a bathing suit," Julia said. "You just stay right there, okay?"

"Okay. How deep is this water?" he asked.

"Right here? Ten, fifteen feet, maybe. It's all pebbles around here on the bottom, too. Like swimming in a pool."

He could hear her clothes falling to the dock, sensed her anxious hurry as she stood nak*d on the dock, pulling on her suit.

"What if I fell into the water right now? Would you jump in nak*d to save me?" Damien stood at the end of the dock. He could hear the water underneath.

"Don't you dare."

Damien grinned. He could sense the distance down to the water's edge as he leaned over. Her nervousness increased, and he knew it was because of him. He savored it, wanted her in his arms, wanted to make her happy. The pack would have to understand that she was his mate.

"Be careful!" Julia said. "You're going to fall-"

Damien jumped, his hand tossing his glasses down back to safety as he tumbled off of the edge of the dock and into the water.

His feet hit first, and the cold water shocked his body as he submerged. The air in his lungs buoyed him up, but he did not want to rise. The water was an alien environment, one he indulged in rarely. When he did, it was a treat, and today he thought he might just burst with happiness. Sharing this experience with Julia-with his true mate-was incredible.

He dove down with one hand outstretched and found the bottom after just a couple of kicks. Pebbles, as Julia had said. He opened his eyes underwater. The cool liquid was soothing, gentle. The pressure was greater the deeper he went, and for a moment he worried about getting disoriented. Underneath the water, he could not know which direction was up. Here, though, his feet found the lake floor, the pebbles round and cool.

Would Julia ever jump in? He felt an anxiety radiating from above, but he waited at the bottom of the lake, his arms propelling him down, until he heard a splash from above. He smiled before pushing himself back up towards the surface.

She had come to save him.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Julia

Julia reached out as Damien fell, but she had been too far away, changing. Her suit was only halfway on, and she quickly pulled the straps up over her shoulders and stepped over to the edge of the dock.

"Damien?"

He had gone under the surface of the water, and Julia waited, but he did not come up. Worry arced through her nerves.

"Damien?"

She looked around, but there was nobody else at the lake. Taking a deep breath, she jumped into the water. She gasped in shock at the cold, sputtering as she spun around in the water, her hands reaching out to try to find him.

Damien's head popped up from the lake surface behind her with a splash. She turned to see him, his dark hair dripping with water.

"Are you nak*d?" he asked. His eyes were closed, and he was grinning.

"Damien!" A rush of relief swept through her. She clung to one of the wooden dock pillars, her feet treading water. "No, I am not nak*d!"

"Darn," he said, swimming over to her. His hand reached out and she took it, guiding him to the pillar. He grasped the wood and hung there next to her, both of them breathing hard.

"That was a test," he said, as soon as he had caught his breath.

"A test?"

"To see how much you care about me dying."

"A test? A test?!" She splashed his face. She was so happy about him being alive that she didn't care how much water he got in his nose.

"Yes," he said, laughing and running his hand through his wet hair. He turned to her and she saw his eyes for the first time. She inhaled sharply. There were scars through his eyelids, the pink shiny skin running across his skin like claw marks. And his eyes-his eyes were golden and tawny, the light shining off of them like fire.

"My eyes?" he asked softly. "That's why I normally wear glasses."

"You weren't born blind?"

"Nope. I had perfect vision until..." he trailed off, his tongue licking his bottom lip as though he was unsure of how to say something.

"You were in an accident?"

"Something like that," he said. "The doctors said I was lucky I even got to keep my eyeballs. Most people who lose their sight like that have to get fake eyes put in."

"These are your real eyes?" Julia touched his cheek where the bottom of the scars faded out, and he flinched.

"Sorry," she said, pulling her hand back.

"No, not at all. It's just that most people are scared of them."

"Your eyes are beautiful," she said. "They remind me of tiger-eye. You know, the gemstone? I used to collect gems when I was a kid. They do look just like that. Swirls of gold and brown."

"That sounds beautiful," Damien said, a half smile curving his mouth. "I wish I could see your eyes. I bet they're lovely."

Julia didn't say anything. She didn't know what she was supposed to say.

"What do you look like?" Damien asked. "Green eyes, red hair, more beautiful than the sun?"

"I don't-I'm...I'm not..." Julia struggled to get the words out. How could she tell him that she wasn't beautiful?

"Hey, no worries," Damien said. "I'm the last person to judge you by your looks. Half of the time I leave the house wearing two different socks. I was just curious."

"It's just... I don't think you would think I'm attractive," Julia said quietly. She didn't want to lie to him. He had the right to know.

"Why would you say that?" Damien's voice was so kind it nearly broke her heart. She didn't want to lose him, but she couldn't help telling the truth.

"Most guys don't think so," she said. In her mind, every guy who had ever rejected her flashed through her memory. Would Damien be the next? "I just don't know if you'd even want to see me."

"May I?" he asked.

Julia didn't know what he was asking until she saw his hand reaching out toward her face.

"Yes," she whispered. Her breath grew quick and she kicked her feet to stay afloat.

His fingers touched her cheek, his hand cupping her chin. His fingertips ran across her skin, exploring the curves and shallows. His hand ran down the side of her neck, trailing down to her shoulder, along her arm. The ache inside of her made her feel like she would burst. She wanted him so badly, and she worried that he would feel her body and not want her anymore. His hand ran down the length of her arm and held her hand, feeling each finger.

Shivers ran through her body as he touched her, his hand possessing her as it moved back up, squeezing her elbow, his fingers circling her arm. She let herself drift away from him as his hand moved down to her side. He pulled her back toward him, and she gasped as his strong arm circled her waist and brought her close. She didn't have to kick to stay afloat any longer-his arm held her up as he hugged her to his body. His lips grazed her forehead in the slightest kiss, so slight that she thought she might have imagined it. Her heart swelled.

"You are lovely," he said.

"Thank you," Julia said, her face turning hot.

"Thank you for jumping in to save me."

"So I passed the test?" she asked softly. Her heart was racing. What did he think about her? His body was pressed against hers, and it made her melt, but she knew that he could feel her now. She didn't know if he would like what he felt.

"With flying colors," he said, smiling. "In fact, you might care about me too much."

Her eyebrows knitted into a frown, and a sharp pain lanced her heart. Did he mean that he didn't care about her as much as she cared about him? Now that he had touched her, now that he knew what her body looked like, he was pulling away. It was the same as it had been with every guy she'd ever cared about. There was no way he would want her. How could she have been so daft? He was so handsome, tall and muscular. What would he want with a dumpy short girl with frizzed hair? She choked back tears.

He shook his head, as though he could sense her worry.

"I didn't mean-"

"I know," she said. "I mean, I shouldn't... I'm not right for you..."

"It's not that," he said. "Whatever you're thinking, it's not that." He bent his head so that his forehead was pressed against hers, their noses touching slightly at the tip. "God, Julia, you're the most amazing person I've ever met."

Julia swallowed hard. His arm was still holding her tightly, and she couldn't get away. She placed a hand on his chest, her palm pressing his body back. She couldn't breathe. If only he would let her go.

"You don't have to-it's okay if you don't want me anymore. I understand." She didn't want him to be kind to her out of guilt. If he didn't want her, he just had to say so. Rejection was something she understood how to deal with. She didn't need his pity; she could survive without it.

"You don't understand."

"If you don't want me-"

"Julia, I don't just want you. I need you."

Julia lifted her head up in shock. It was a good thing that Damien had a hold of her around the waist; she had forgotten how to swim, and as he pressed his lips against hers, she forgot how to breathe.

The cold water swirled around them but all Julia knew was heat. Damien's touch was demanding, burning her through and through. His fingers gripped her hip and pulled her insistently toward him as he deepened the kiss. Fire licked through every nerve in her body so that not even the coolness of the lake could ease her wanting. The hard muscles of his chest were slick under her palms.

Their limbs intertwined as the kiss went on, and Damien's fingers ran through her hair. Without thinking, her legs wrapped around his waist, and she could feel him hard against her. It was the first time she'd ever wanted something so fully, so completely. When Damien pulled away and broke the kiss, their air between them seemed to crackle with energy, as though their attraction had an electrical power to it.

"Damien," she said. His eyes sparked with a fiery expression, and for a brief moment she thought that he was looking at her, could see her.

"I have to tell you something," he said. "Something about me. It's important."

"What?" She searched his eyes as though she would be able to find the answers there.

"It's just that...I don't know if you'll be able to understand." His voice broke, and Julia's heart swelled with sympathy. Whatever it was, he seemed to truly be hurt by it.

"Let's sit back up on the dock," she said, trying to lighten the mood. "I don't want to drown you before you can tell me whatever it is you have to tell me."

"Sure," he said, and before she could start to swim to shore he had grasped the wooden pillar and swung himself up onto the planks of the dock. He sat on the edge of the dock and reached a hand down.

"I'll swim around," Julia said, not wanting to pull him back in accidentally.

"Take my hand," Damien said, extending his arm farther.

Hesitantly, Julia reached up. His large hand grasped her around the wrist, and as he pulled her out of the water his other arm came down and scooped her up under the other arm. With an almost superhuman strength, he lifted her up as easily as if she weighed a hundred pounds and set her gently to sit on the dock next to him.

They sat dripping on the wood planks, the sun warm overhead. Julia's nerves were as frazzled as her hair. What could he possibly have to say to her? Damien leaned his head back to sun his upturned face. His dark hair stuck to his cheeks and his eyes were closed, but the seams of his scars shone brightly in the sunlight, and he sat up, clasping his hands in front of him.

"I haven't been honest with you," Damien said. Julia's heart sank.

"What do you mean?" she asked. She tried but could not keep her voice from quaking. She pulled her knees up onto the dock and hugged them tightly.

"There's something about me, a genetic condition," Damien said. He stammered as he spoke, a strange contrast to the easy confidence that he had shown all along. "Not many people have it, and it's...it's serious."

"What is it?" Julia asked. She swallowed hard. Her grandfather had spent the last few years of his life fighting cancer, and the toll it had taken on Granny Dee was enormous. Julia didn't know if she could let herself fall in love with someone if she knew it would end like that. Fear chilled her heart, and she shivered even in the hot sun.

"I'll show you," Damien said, "but the reason I'm telling you this is because I never thought I would find somebody like you. I've planned my life out according to what I thought was true, and now I don't know what I can do to change it."

"What do you mean?" Julia asked. Goosebumps rose on her skin.

"I'm engaged to someone who has the same condition," Damien said. "We're not in love, but-"

Engaged. Damien kept talking, but Julia could not hear his words. The sound that came out of her was halfway between a cry and a whimper. She scrambled to her feet, trying not to slip on the wet planks of the dock. Engaged. She had to get away. Had to leave. She felt so embarrassed, so taken in.

"Julia, wait, please-"

"No!" No, no, no! The cry that echoed through her mind came out of her as sobs as she gathered her clothes up to her chest. He couldn't be with her.

"Julia, please let me explain!" Damien stood to face her.

"No, you don't need to explain," Julia said. He was just the same, after all, just the same as all the other guys who thought she would be a quick, easy lay. The guys who just wanted to play with her for a while before going back to someone they could take seriously.

"Julia, please-" he said, reaching out blindly.

"Don't touch me!" she cried out, backing away from him. "Don't-don't ever touch me again!" She turned to flee, wild with the agony of this revelation. How could he have broken her heart so carelessly?

"Don't leave," Damien said. He stumbled after her as she moved away from the lake, back to the trail, trying to put her shoes on without falling over. "Please, let's talk about this."

"There's nothing to talk about," Julia said. "You came here and flirted with me, kissed me, all while you're engaged to someone else?"

"It's just because of my condition-"

"I don't care about the reason! You're engaged!" Julia thought of the other woman, the one Damien had probably lied to before coming to spend time at the lake. Her heart broke for both of them.

"I'll call someone to come get you," Julia said, her voice cracking. He seemed so desperate. How could he be so cruel and seem so sincere? She felt as though her emotions, her judgment, had betrayed her just as surely as he had. "Just stay away from me!"

Tears streaming down her face, she turned to the path and screamed.

Standing directly in front of her on the trail, not twenty feet away, was a huge gray wolf.

CHAPTER TWELVE

Damien

Damien felt Julia's heart wrench as much as if it had been his own, and it gutted him. He had to be honest with her; he couldn't sense her feelings without a sense of guilt coming over him every time he remembered Katherine. But it was too much. How could he explain that he was a shifter, that he wasn't supposed to mate with humans. Her pain ripped through him in a black and red agony as she screamed at him to stay away from her, and the air he breathed felt too hot for his lungs, poisonous. His hands shook as she backed away. He could not lose her. Could not lose his mate. She was the one, the true one-

Upwind from the trail and so preoccupied with Julia, he did not smell the wolf until it was already in the open. He heard Julia's scream at the same time he smelled the wolf, and he ran forward without a thought, almost tripping over his own feet as he stepped between Julia and the wolf.

It was a shifter. Even in his human form Damien could smell the distinctive scent, sense the intelligence radiating from the animal. Another pack in these woods? How? Jordan had scouted the entire territory. Then the wolf growled and stepped forward, the sand crunching under its feet.

"Damien, no, get back," Julia whispered, tugging on his arm. He could feel her fear and he tried not to let the terror overwhelm him as he stood there. He could not fight the wolf in human form; it would be suicide.

"Damien, please!" Julia said, and as she touched him he felt a stab of fright go through his heart. The shifter sensed it, too, and growled again.

"Let go," Damien said, shaking her hand off. "Julia, you need to leave."

"No-"

"Leave!" The wolf snarled at the sound of Damien's voice, and he could hear the claws digging into the sand.

"No, no!" Julia sobbed, and Damien turned toward her. He wished he could keep her from seeing, but he had no choice.

"I'm sorry you have to find out like this," he said.

The shift only took a second to happen, but the second felt like an eternity. His energy focused inside, on bringing out the wolf part of his being, Damien let the power take him over. His muscles changed, stretching and contracting, his bones snapping with a crackling sound into the new skeletal configuration. His snout stretched and pushed out his face as fur sprouted through his skin, feeling like a million pinpricks all over his body.

"Another shifter," the wolf growled. "Why are you here?"

As if from a distance, he heard Julia screaming, screaming, oh god he felt her screams shatter through his mind. He fought the terror back, putting up a separation between them. He could still sense her, but as he gained control over his wolf form he was able to distance himself from her emotions. The wolf was in front of him. That was the most important thing.

"My pack is traveling," Damien snarled, trying to seem intimidating. He hated to fight if he could avoid it. "Let us go through."

"You're blind," the shifter said. "You have no chance against me. And she is not part of your pack."

Damien sniffed. No other wolves were around. He might be able to take on one wolf, even if it was a large one. And from the deep sound of his voice, this wolf was a large one.

"You have no business with either of us," Damien said. His fur bristled.

"I'm here for the girl," the wolf said. "You should leave her alone."

"Why do you care?" Damien asked.

"Why do you want her?"

"She's my mate," Damien said, and at that moment, he knew that it was perfectly true.

The wolf snarled and snapped his jaws forward.

"You don't know what you're dealing with."

"I know I won't let you hurt her."

"Leave now, or die."

Claws scraped the sand, and Damien could visualize the wolf crouching down on his haunches. The soft intake of breath as the wolf readied himself to leap forward.

Damien crouched as well, readying himself in case the wolf lunged for Julia instead of for him. He had no chance of taking on the wolf head on, and no chance at running, never mind that he wouldn't leave Julia to be by herself. He stood perfectly still, every muscle in his body tensed. Already overpowered because of his blindness, his nose and ears were on high alert, and the adrenaline coursing through the veins of his body only heightened his awareness. He could hear each grain of sand compacted beneath the wolf's paws, each breath, and could tell that the wolf favored his right side. That was how he would attack.

"I don't want to kill you, blind man," the wolf said. Damien could sense the indecision in his growl, but also his overconfident sincerity. The wolf was telling the truth: he didn't want to kill Damien.

"Then turn and run," Damien said.

The wolf snarled and shifted his weight back, the last motion before a lunge. Damien braced himself and prepared to roll. Once they were grappling, he would have less disadvantage, but the first hit was crucial. He had to force the wolf into contact without being too severely injured in the process. The last real fight he had-well, he had lost his eyes.

The wolf crashed into Damien with a force of impact so great that at first Damien thought his ribs had cracked. But no, it was just the breath being knocked out of him. They rolled across the ground. Julia shrieked as they tumbled into a bush but Damien finally got a hold onto the other wolf's neck. The wolf twisted and kicked, and Damien felt the claws rip through his skin. He clenched his teeth hard, but the bite was not lethal, and he could not get a better hold without the other wolf getting loose. It was a precarious position to be in, and Damien felt himself start to lose his grip.

The other wolf shuffled backwards out of the bush, shaking hard. Damien's body whipped from side to side until he realized that there was no way to gain the upper hand with such a hold. On the next downward shake he let go and hit the ground, yelping as he rolled out. The other wolf lunged and bit him in the leg, and Damien howled in pain.

Fear. An overwhelming sense of fear rippled through Damien's being, and he froze on the ground. Then he realized that it was Julia, Julia watching him fight, watching him hurt. He opened himself up to her and felt the fear, but also love shining through. Then a sharp tearing pain brought his attention back to the wolf whose teeth were still firmly clamped into his leg. The wolf shook, and Damien went limp, bringing his leg up underneath him. He tensed his leg, getting ready to spring when the time was ready. There would be just a second's chance to get him, and Damien's strength was running out. He waited until he heard the other wolf inhale slightly harder, and knew that he was getting ready to release. He could not kill Damien by biting his leg, after all.

As the wolf let go to adjust his bite, Damien pushed off of his tensed leg and sprang upwards, feeling as if in slow motion the fur of the other wolf bristling against his own coat. He bit into the wolf's throat and knew from the bite that he had him. The other wolf screamed, a horrifying sound, and his legs kicked upwards. Damien could feel the claws scratching him through his fur but he did not care. Blood filled his mouth and he bit down harder, harder, until the wolf went limp. He could have killed him then, ripped out his throat. All of his brutal instinct urged him towards finishing the job.

A cry from Julia, though, stopped him. He released the unconscious wolf. Blood dripped from his jaws, and he resisted the urge to lick, adrenaline pumping through his system. He was ready to fight, ready to mate. The smell of blood filled his nostrils, and the sun was hot, too hot. He was dizzy, faint. He had to shift back now, or else-

The snaps of his body shifting back to human form were familiar, but as he wiped the blood out of his eyes he could hear someone crying. He was nak*d, his pants on the ground where he had left them when he shifted, and he was covered in blood. The wolf on the ground breathed shallowly, whimpering.

"Julia-"

He held out his hands toward here and heard her choke back sobs. Her footsteps retreated from him slowly, her crying muffled by her hands.

"Julia, please don't go-"

"What just happened?" Her voice snapped shut on the words, and he felt a wave of terror and confusion sweep through the air toward him. Her terror. He wanted to put his arms around her and comfort her, but no. How could he assuage her fears when the thing she was afraid of was him? Julia was scared of him; he was a monster.

The blood was sticky on his hands, and though he heard the other wolf still breathing, the thought of another's blood on him made him shudder.

"He'll be okay. I need to wash this off," he said, stumbling toward the water. Yes, water. He would be able to drink, to cool off. He would be able to forget. The steps toward the lake's edge took forever, and Julia followed him at a distance, the fear still coming off of her in intense bursts of emotion. He could almost see the fight now through her thoughts, the vision of two wolves floating through his mind. Two wolves snarling, biting, then blood, blood-

He dropped onto his knees into ankle-deep water at the lake's edge and splashed his face. When the blood finally stopped overpowering his sense of smell, he turned back to Julia.

"What the hell was that?" she asked.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Julia

Julia kept an eye on the wounded wolf, but it soon became apparent that the animal was too wounded to walk anywhere, let alone attack again. She thought it would die for certain.

Keeping her attention half on the wolf, she followed Damien to the edge of the water and watched as he washed himself clean. The water around him turned pink with blood but that soon disappeared. Still he washed, splashing his hair with water, until there was no trace left. Questions thrashed through Julia's mind and she could not help but blurt out the first thing that came into her head when Damien turned to her, still nak*d.

""What the hell was that?"

"The fight?" Damien asked. She noticed now that his leg was bleeding, but he did not seem to care.

"Did I-was that real? Did I hallucinate that?" She half-hoped that she was crazy instead of...whatever that was.

"It was real," Damien said. "Can I have my swimsuit?"

Julia breathed steadily, walking back to where the suit had dropped from his body. She made sure to circle widely around the injured wolf, just in case. Damien waited patiently and held his hand out to take the swimsuit from her. She dropped it into his hand without letting their fingers touch. He pulled on the suit, unembarrassed, but when he turned to her, she saw the light flashing from his golden eyes.

"Who are you?" she asked. She'd been scared before, but now that Damien was staring directly at her, blindly, she was completely unnerved. "What are you?

"I told you, I have a genetic condition. I can shift...change into my other form," he said.

"Into a wolf."

"Yes."

"You're a werewolf." Julia couldn't believe this.

"Sort of," Damien said. "Yes. Not like in the stories."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"I don't, like, eat humans. I don't shift when there's a full moon. Nothing like that."

"I'm going insane," Julia said. She sat down on the sandy shore of the lake, her head in her hands. Either she was crazy or Damien was. And she didn't want to think about either option seriously.

"You're not insane. I'm sorry." He walked over and sat next to her in the sand. Her eyes tracked his every movement and when he grazed her with his arm as he sat down, she flinched.

"I scare you," he said. His voice and face were clear: he was miserable. Julia felt sorry for him, in a strange way.

"It's okay," she said quietly. "Really, it is."

"I shouldn't have shifted like that in front of you. I know you were scared."

"You have no idea," she said, shaking her head. "This whole thing is impossible."

"I'm sorry, Julia. I wanted to tell you in a different way, I swear," he said.

"The girl you're with," Julia said, suddenly. "The one who was guiding you. Is she..."

"She's a shifter too."

"That's what you call them? Not werewolves?"

"Right," Damien said.

"So she's in your...your pack?

"Yes." He paused, his expression pained. "I should tell you-I want to be completely honest. I can't lie to you anymore."

"What is it?" Julia asked, her voice a whisper.

"She's the one I'm supposed to mate with."

Julia swallowed back a sob. She knew. She supposed she had always known, ever since the beginning. He couldn't be hers. Nobody like him could ever really be hers. The girl he had been with was beautiful, gorgeous even. Thin and sexy and everything that Julia wasn't.

"Okay," she stammered. She started to get up and Damien's hand clasped down hard on her wrist.

"Wait. Don't leave," Damien said.

"What do you want from me?" Julia said. She was on her knees in the sand, facing his golden, sightless eyes. They glimmered, or was that the sun? It didn't matter. His beautiful eyes, his beautiful face-none of it belonged to her. "You're a liar. You've lied to me since the moment I met you!"

"Julia, how could I have told you the truth? You wouldn't have believed me."

"You could have told me about her," Julia said. "You could have told me that you belonged to somebody else from the start. Instead you fed me all this bullshit about being lovely. Calling me sexy, saying you wanted to take me out on a date."

"Julia-"

"No! You can't just do that!" Julia was furious now, and her cheeks again were wet with tears-when had that happened? She yanked her arm out of Damien's grasp and wiped her face as she stood up. "You made me fall in love with you and you knew all the while it was impossible!"

"It's not imposs-"

"You have someone else already! What did you tell her about me? What lie did you tell her about coming out with me today? So that you could fool around with me and then run back home to your real girlfriend?"

"You don't understand." Damien's voice grew low. He tried to stand up, but his leg buckled under him and Julia saw his wound start to bleed freshly. "You don't know-"

"I don't know anything about you!" Julia cried, wanting more than anything to turn and run. "And I don't want to know!" Looking at Damien's leg, she realized she couldn't abandon him here. He realized her thoughts a second later.

"It's fine," Damien said. "I can get home from here."

"How can you get home when you're..." Julia's words faded in the hot air.

"Scent, usually," Damien said, pulling out a cell phone from his pocket. "But I need to call one of my friends. He's a doctor."

"Your leg," Julia said.

"Not for me," Damien said. "For him."

Julia looked where Damien nodded and saw the injured wolf lying on his side.

"You'll have to stay here, too." Damien said.

"I'm not going to stay with you," Julia said, her arms crossed defiantly.

"Unless you want to risk running into another one of those wolves, you'd better stay," Damien said. Julia's breath left her body in a whoosh as she thought about encountering another wolf on the trail. It was miles back to the trailhead, and she had nothing for protection. Except Damien. Except...

"Don't worry," Damien said. He smiled sadly at Julia, and she saw his golden eyes flicker underneath his dark brows. "They'll be here soon. And I promise not to bite."

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Damien

Damien smelled the three wolves in his pack before they emerged from the forest. Sitting on a log by the lakeshore, Julia kept a safe distance between the two of them. Damien could feel the soft ripples of feelings coming off of her body. Sometimes an intense wave of emotion would sweep across him, and he could almost get a hint of the thoughts she was thinking: "don't believe it, can't believe it...never have someone like him...liar...liar"

He was crushed. Though his senses might be misleading him, his heart pointed solely in one direction, the direction of his Calling. There was no helping it. Julia was his mate, his true partner. For her to reject him now made perfect sense, but he was crushed nonetheless.

"They're coming," he said to Julia.

"What?" Julia asked. She turned around, saw the wolves emerging from the forest, and shrieked.

"Damien! Wolves!" she cried.

All of a sudden she was next to him, her arms clutching his body. Before when she touched him, it felt like heaven, but now her fear spiked intensely through his own nerves. His heart pounded, and he had to convince himself that he was alright.

"It's okay," he said, trying to calm them both down.

"Oh god," she said, her fingers digging into his skin. "There's three of them. You can't-"

"Julia," Damien said, turning to her and caressing her cheek with his hand. "It's okay. It's my pack."

He felt her emotions twist from fear to confusion to relief in an instant. Then she dropped her hands from him and took a step backwards, and the deep connection was lost. Only a ripple of anger came from her, and after that, embarrassment. She was embarrassed to seek his protection. He wanted to tell her that it didn't matter, that he would always protect her, but she clearly didn't want his help or his assurances.

Jordan shifted first, dropping his bag on the ground before he changed, and Damien heard Julia's gasp of fright as the wolf turned into a human.

"I thought you said she knew about us," Jordan said. He pulled open his bag and took out a change of clothes to cover his nak*d body, and the rest of the wolves followed suit. Damien could tell that Julia was watching Katherine shift when a blast of embarrassment hit his mind. Embarrassment, jealousy, guilt. He wanted to kiss Julia right then, to promise her that she didn't need to be jealous of anything, but he couldn't.

"I brought some painkillers," Jordan said, kneeling down next to the injured wolf. "Looks like he's already unconscious, though. We'd better get him back to someplace I can stitch up these wounds."

"You really did a number on him," Kyle said. As he spoke, Damien sensed Julia's anger near him.

"I was defending myself," Damien said, a sliver of guilt inching its way outward of his skin. "Will he be okay?"

"He'll be fine," Jordan said. "Just need to stop the bleeding. We parked the car as close as we could. It's a straight shot through the woods here."

"I can carry him," Kyle said.

"This is your pack?" Julia asked softly. Damien knew that all of the other shifters could hear her speak; in human form their hearing was duller than it was in wolf form, but still acutely sensitive.

"Yes," he said. He felt her anger turn towards him, and he didn't understand why until Katherine spoke.

"So this is the girl whose house we were looking at," she said, striding toward Julia, though her words were aimed at Damien. "Guess you haven't convinced her yet to sell."

"Katherine, don't," Damien said.

"Strange," Katherine said. "I would have thought you would seduce her a lot more easily. But I suppose shifting into wolf form would scare off any human."

Julia's breath rasped between her lips.

"I'm leaving," she said.

"Guess we are too," Katherine said pointedly. "Back on the move."

"Julia, please wait," Damien said. He followed her footsteps toward the trail. "I need to talk with you about all this."

"There's nothing you can say that I want to hear," Julia said. Her anger washed red over Damien's mind, like storm clouds full of bloody wrath.

"What if there are other wolves?" Damien pleaded.

"Then they'll kill me."

"Julia, don't do this-"

"Go back to your goddamn pack and forget about me!" Julia said. Her voice was trembling, on the edge of tears, but all Damien sensed was rage in the air. She stormed off and left Damien standing alone.

"I can't," Damien whispered, but she was already gone.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Julia

Julia went straight up to her room when she got home. Granny Dee was in the kitchen baking and the last thing Julia wanted to do was explain why she was crying her eyes out.

Oh, that guy I fell madly in love with? Yeah, he's a werewolf. Oh, and he already has a girlfriend. She's a werewolf too. And they wanted to take our house.

Sure. That would go over really well. Julia fell onto her bed and sobbed into her pillow, muffling her cries as best as she could. The long day of hiking and sun had tired her out, and she cried herself to sleep, her bathing suit still on.

When she woke up, it was nighttime and Granny Dee was knocking on the door. Julia fumbled for the switch and turned on her lamp.

"Julia? Julia, it's time for dinner."

"I'm not hungry," Julia called.

"Are you okay?" The sympathy in Granny Dee's voice only made it hurt more.

"I'm fine," Julia said. "Just tired."

There was a pause.

"Okay," Granny Dee said. "If you want to talk, let me know."

"I will," Julia said. She sat up, dizziness rushing through her head. Her phone had six missed calls from Damien. Only one message. She dialed into her voicemail, her hand trembling as it held the phone up to her ear.

"Julia..." Damien's voice sounded tired. "I need to talk with you. Just once more. I-I can't leave here without talking to you. I hope to see you soon. Call me, please."

Julia deleted the message and lay back on the bed. The night air in summer had always been soothing, but tonight it stifled Julia's breathing. She stared at her ceiling. One crack in the plaster had always captured her imagination, the lamplight playing shadows over it and creating all manner of faces and creatures in the twists and turns of the cracks. Now she saw a wolf's face staring at her from the ceiling crack, the line of its tail extending out. She rolled over and out of bed.

Granny Dee left Julia alone when she needed it, and now when she tiptoed down the stairs, she could hear her grandmother in the downstairs bedroom listening to one of her jazz records. Quietly, she slipped out of the back door and into the meadow behind the house.

Fireflies everywhere. Julia walked forward, arms outstretched, feeling as though she was floating across the field. She looked up at the sky, and the stars and the lights of the fireflies seemed to blend together, white and yellow dots of light swirling around her.

Then she felt it.

The same feeling that she had gotten when she first saw Damien in the library. Her eyes swept across the woods, looking for something, anything. The sense that there was somebody near her made her whole body vibrate with anticipation instead of fright, a strange reaction.

It was nothing. She was imagining things. She turned to go back inside.

"Don't go." The voice came from out of the darkness. His voice. She spun back and saw Damien walking slowly across the field, as calmly and gracefully as if he had not been blind. The dim moonlight showed only the outline of his figure, but as he came closer Julia saw that his eyes still glowed with a golden hue, and his white shirt reflected blue in the light of the moon. Although her brain told her that she should be scared-he was a monster, after all!-she wasn't in the least bit afraid.

"Damien." Julia lost her voice as Damien stopped in front of her. She'd forgotten what she wanted to say, or maybe she had known all along that there were no words that could describe what was in her heart at that moment. The longing, the desire, and the blunt agony of knowledge that no amount of either would bring him to her. Yet there he stood.

"Julia, I need to talk to you."

She cleared her throat.

"Then talk."

"I should have told you earlier. I don't want this to come between us more than it already has."

"You've already chosen someone else," Julia said. "That's clear enough."

"I don't want her," Damien said. "Not now. Not after-"

"After what?"

"Not after I've found you. We were only together by necessity. Neither of us had mates."

"She must love you, though?"

"She owes me her life, and I am the leader of the pack. Truth be told, she would rather be with someone else. The only binds she has toward me are feelings of obligation. Not love."

Julia saw the sorrow in his eyes, and she knew that he was telling the truth. Her heart ached.

"I can't, Damien," she said. "Not after you lied to me about so much. Your girlfriend. Wanting to buy my house. Are you even blind? How do I know that's not a lie too?"

Damien cringed at the word girlfriend.

"Please," Damien said. "Ask me anything. I'll answer honestly. Ask me any question in your mind and I'll tell you the truth."

"How can I ever trust you again?" Julia whispered.

Damien was silent for a moment. The breaths between them were filled with heat.

"You have to choose to trust me," he said. "It's a hard choice to trust somebody. Always. Every day is another choice, and you will have to decide again and again whether or not to trust me."

"You lied."

"From now on, I will never lie to you. You have my word on that."

"You lied about your...your condition." Julia shivered, thinking about how he had changed form. Thinking about how rabidly he had come between her and danger.

"I didn't want to scare you away. I'm sorry. Everything I've said I said to protect you."

"I don't want you to protect me," Julia said. Her mind echoed with the unspoken next sentence: I want you to love me.

"Whether you want it or not, I will protect you. You are the one I'm supposed to be with," Damien said. "You're my true mate."

Without warning, he stepped forward and took her hands in his. Julia gasped at the touch. Passion thundered through her nerves and for a moment she was dizzy with the thought of the two of them embracing. Damien reached up and caressed her cheek softly, and his fingers traced lines of desire across her skin. Every one of her senses was jumping at the slightest touch, and around them fireflies danced and winked in the darkness.

"I know you're scared of me. You're scared of all this. Who wouldn't be? But I know I'm supposed to be with you."

Julia struggled to argue against him. "If you were supposed to be with me, then why would you already have a...a mate?"

"We're not true mates," Damien said firmly. "She was bound to me because it's my pack. She was the only female we had."

Julia thought that she might go insane just thinking about what all of this meant. His pack. Mates. This was nuts. One hundred percent crazy. She thought that bring crazy might be preferable to the truth here.

"I can't just let you go," Damien said. "You're mine and I'm yours. Can't you feel it?" His thumb stroked her cheek and she leaned into his touch involuntarily. She wanted to pull back but couldn't, as though a magnetic force held them together.

"Yes," she said quietly, trying to piece together her thoughts. "I feel it. I didn't know what it was when I first saw you, but I feel it too. Is it possible?"

"You're what I've been waiting for my entire life, Julia," Damien said. His hand traced the line of her neck, and a small gasp found its way between her lips. "I know we're meant for each other."

"But I'm not like you," she said, her eyes flickering down over his body, thinking about the way he'd shifted into something else. Something animal.

"That's true." Damien paused. "I don't understand it. Maybe we'll figure out someday, but if we don't...I understand. The way I am." He shrugged. "I'm blind. I'm broken. And I'm not human."

Julia wanted to scream that it didn't matter, to throw her arms around the man in front of her and promise that everything would be alright. Her entire being was pulled towards Damien. His eyes locked onto hers, and for a second she swore that he could see her. Damien brushed a loose strand of her hair behind her ear. His fingers continued to move across her face, and he sighed.

"I don't know if one of us will outlive the other. I don't know if we would be able to have children. Or if we did, if they would be like you, or...or like me."

"Children?" Despite the seriousness of their conversation, Julia laughed. "Isn't that a bit, uh, premature?"

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I keep forgetting that you don't feel the way I do."

"Damien, I am attracted to you. I am. It's just-"

"It's not just attraction," he said. "I feel your emotions. I sense them. Like radio waves I can pick up on. We're connected."

Julia's jaw dropped.

"You're saying you can read my mind?"

"No, not really," Damien squeezed her hand. "Not your thoughts, not unless you're feeling them very intensely. Just your emotional state."

"How?"

"I don't know how it happens. I've heard about it but I've never felt it before. Not until I met you," he said.

"What exactly do you feel, though?" Julia frowned. The idea of having someone able to sense her mental state was a little disquieting.

"I can feel your presence as something in my mind. When you're angry or happy, I feel it too. Like now, you're confused. A little scared. Curious. I feel it all inside of me, like the emotions are radiating outward from you."

Julia swallowed. It was hard to think when you knew somebody was thinking the same thing right along with you.

"So you feel my confusion now, like you're confused? You get angry when I'm angry? Is that how it works?" she asked. So many questions floating around in her mind.

"No, it's more like...imagine hearing your favorite song. Imagine it now."

Julia closed her eyes and imagined. The lilting strains of the ballad her mother used to sing to her while playing the piano. Her mother's soft voice. Then Damien spoke, breaking through the song.

"You see? You're not actually hearing it, but you are. In a way. Your mind is playing it so that you can almost hear the notes."

"That's how you feel my emotions?"

"Right. I don't actually feel them, but I sense them. They're not perfectly clear, and I don't know why you're feeling what you're feeling. It's more of a shadow of what they really are. Like you imagining the shadow of a song."

Julia looked into the soft yellow glow of Damien's sightless eyes. For the first time, she felt as though someone was actually looking at her. Not her outer body, not her face. Looking into her true self. A sense of peace washed over her body.

"Forgive me for coming back here," Damien said. "I just couldn't leave you without saying goodbye."

"Don't," Julia said.

"Don't what?"

"Don't say goodbye."

She stepped forward and he met her lips with his in a fervent kiss. A sharp shock echoed through her body. The shock of raw desire, of brutal lust. Blinding white shocks of light exploded behind her eyelids, and even when she opened her eyes she saw nothing but bursts of light. The air around her grew warm and pressing, and she put her hands against Damien's chest, not knowing whether she was pulling him in or pushing him away. Desire. Desire. I want you. Julia-

She tore away from the hot kiss, gasping for breath. The sky spun above her and she held on to Damien's arms to steady herself.

"Julia," Damien said. "Are you alright?"

"What? Yes. Yes, of course." Her breath came fast, all of the air in the field not enough to fill her lungs. "I just...this is all happening so fast. I don't understand it."

He pressed her hands between his. His forehead rested against hers, his breath hot on her lips, smelling like pine and wilderness. They stood there together, feeling the rush of desire swim through their minds and bodies, one to the other. Around them fireflies danced and shone, their lights calling out for their own mates.

"It's late," Damien said finally. "You should sleep."

"I don't want you to leave," Julia blurted out. She was thankful that Damien could not see the hot flush on her cheeks.

"I'll be back tomorrow," he said. "Like you said, we're moving quickly. I don't want you to regret any decision you make tonight."

"But-"

"Sleep on it," Damien said. His lips curved into a soft smile. "Don't tell anyone about all this."

"Of course not."

"And I promise I'll be back."

Julia sighed.

"I have to work tomorrow," she said.

"Call in sick."

"I can't-"

"Tomorrow morning, then. I'll come at nine. You'll only be a little late. Trust me."

Julia opened her mouth to say that she couldn't, that she really needed the hours, that she couldn't afford to be late, but the words evaporated from her lips before she could speak them. She had no idea why, but she trusted Damien.

"Okay," she said.

"I'll be back tomorrow morning," Damien said. He leaned forward and kissed her again, a gentle kiss that brushed her lips so softly she wondered if he might not be a spirit instead of a werewolf. "Goodnight, Julia."

"Goodnight."

Julia returned to the house, tiptoeing back up the stairs. The desire in her body sent her muscles weak with shivering every time she thought of the kiss they had shared. She climbed into bed and looked out of the window. The fireflies had all but gone, fading quickly as the coolness of night set in. Only a few flickers of light remained. The thick white roundness of the full moon rose slowly behind the dark pines, its halo casting a ghostly ring around it in the clouds. She closed her eyes and slept, and in the darkness the howl of wolves reverberated through her dreams.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Damien

Jordan was still stitching up the other shifter's wounds when Damien returned.

"He's doing much better," Jordan said, as soon as Damien entered the room.

"Still unconscious?"

"He'd better be," Jordan said. "I gave him enough morph**e to last until tomorrow morning."

"I just got back from the bank," Damien said. "Wrote them a check for that property."

"What about the girl? She knows about us. It's not safe."

"She won't tell."

"How do you know?"

"I know."

There was a pause, and Damien could hear the wolf's struggled breathing as he lay on the makeshift operating table.

"You're still taken with her," Jordan said. "The Calling isn't something that you feel with a human."

"I know."

"It's dangerous to let her live."

"I know."

"You're not just putting yourself at risk here, Damien," Jordan said, his voice rising. "You're putting our pack at risk. And what about this shifter? What pack is he part of?"

Damien shook his head.

"I have no idea. There are a lot of questions I want to ask him when he wakes up."

"But you still think staying here is a good idea?"

"Are you questioning my judgment?"

"Damien, I followed you when nobody else did. I trust you. I love you. But this...this infatuation-"

"It's not just an infatuation," Damien said quietly.

"Whatever it is, it's putting our lives at risk."

"You say you trust me," Damien said. "Then trust me." Despite his confident tone, he had doubts of his own. But the shifter had said that he was there for Julia. As prey, or something else? There would be a lot to figure out in the coming days, but his gut told him that this was the place they needed to settle. It just felt safe. A good place to start a family. A family-

He sniffed the air. "Where's Katherine?"

"She and Kyle went to scout the borders of the town again," Jordan said. "To make sure there weren't any more shifters from the same pack as this guy."

"When did they leave?"

"About an hour ago." Jordan's surgical tools clattered as he gathered them up from the table. "Should be back soon."

"I'll wait for them outside."

"Do you want something to eat? There's leftover pizza in the fridge."

"No, I'm fine," Damien said. He walked to the hotel door.

"Are you sure?" Jordan asked.

"Yeah, I had something to eat earlier," Damien said.

"No, I mean, are you sure about this?" Jordan said. "Staying here. Staying on that property."

"Yes," Damien said, and as soon as he answered he knew that it was the right answer.

"And the girl?"

"We'll figure it out," Damien said. "Don't worry." He closed the door behind him before Jordan could object again.

Damien walked across the parking lot and stood at the edge of the woods, waiting. In the darkness that had enveloped him for the past two years, he could replay the memories of what he'd seen back when he still had sight. Now, he remembered the last night before the fight that had taken his eyes and driven him away from his main pack.

The stars had been bright in the sky, the smell of the forest as sweet and cool as it was now. He remembered the pale white moon, and now as he stood by the trees he lifted his head and held the memory in his mind so that he could almost see the bright circle above him.

A smell brought him back to the present. Katherine, her sweet musk on the air. Damien licked his finger to test the light breeze. They must be upwind of him. He could hear both of them now, their paws crunching the branches and pine needles underneath, their laughter lilting on the wind, carried to his ears.

They stopped well before reaching him, and Damien tensed, thinking that something had happened. The sounds that came to him were of a scuffle, perhaps a fight, but there were no yelps or growls to indicate anything amiss.

Then he heard Katherine's low whine, the whine of a female in heat desiring the attention of a male. Kyle yipped and whined back, and Damien could almost see in his mind their rough, flirtatious play. He froze, unsure of what to do. A week before, he'd have had to challenge Kyle and fight the young wolf, but now there was a lot more at play.

A lot more. Even though he didn't want Katherine as a mate, this flirtatious behavior insulted his status as alpha male, even in as straggling a pack as his was. He thought a moment before calling out in their direction.

"Katherine! Kyle!"

He immediately heard their play stop, their voices silenced. He waited. They might run now, leave the pack. It was up to them.

He heard their footsteps growing louder. They slunk out of the trees and shifted back into human form. Damien could hear Katherine's breath coming fast, and Kyle's heart pounding.

"Hello, Damien," Kyle said.

"Hello," Damien said, too casually. "How was the scouting?"

"We didn't find anything."

"No other wolves? No wolf scent?"

"Nothing." Kyle shifted his weight from one foot to another. Damien could smell the tension coming off of him.

"What about you, Katherine?" Damien asked, his voice rising in a lilting tease. "Did you smell any other wolves out there?"

Katherine was silent for a moment.

"Well?" Damien said. "No other handsome wolves out in the woods?"

"Stop playing games and come out with it," Katherine said, her voice quavering. "You know what we were doing. Damien-"

"I'll fight you for her," Kyle said suddenly.

Damien smiled.

"Is this what you want, Katherine?" he asked.

"I don't-I don't want you to fight," she whispered.

"Katherine, I love you," Kyle said.

"You could die!" Katherine said. "Either one of you could die!"

"I'll still fight," Kyle said. He stepped forward in front of Katherine.

"Brave wolf," Damien said. He pressed his lips together.

"I'm sorry, Damien," Katherine said. "I know I'm promised to you. I'm sorry. I'll leave the pack. I'll stay. Whatever you want. Just don't fight him. Please don't." She ran and knelt in front of Damien, pressing her face to his knees in a posture of submission. "Please, please."

A growl came from Kyle's throat, and Damien raised his hand.

"Don't, boy," he said. "Katherine is right. This will only end badly."

"You can't have her," Kyle said, but his voice was uncertain.

Damien reached down and took Katherine's hand, pulling her to her feet. She stood in front of him bravely, although he could feel her fingers trembling in his hand. He leaned forward and kissed her lightly on the forehead.

"You're more loyal than he is," Damien said. "But you feel the Calling too, don't you?"

Katherine nodded, a sob escaping her throat.

"You both feel it?" The question was directed at Kyle.

"Y-yes," Kyle said. "Ever since she became ready to mate. I didn't want to tell you because I know-"

"It's alright," Damien said kindly. "I won't fight you. You're not ready for that yet. And the past few days have seen too much blood on my hands already."

"Will we...will we have to leave the pack?" Katherine asked, choking back her tears.

Damien reached out and wiped the tears from her cheek gently.

"No," he said. "You shouldn't go."

"I won't leave her," Kyle said.

"You don't have to," Damien said, clearing his throat. "Lucky for you, I've found my mate as well."

"Who?" Katherine asked. "Not-the girl at the lake?"

Damien nodded.

"So you'll let me stay with Katherine?" Kyle asked. All of the fight had gone out of his voice, and he stepped forward meekly.

"You have my blessing," Damien said, waiting while Katherine threw herself into Kyle's embrace. Then he spoke louder and more firmly. "But if you disobey me again, fur will fly. Make no mistake."

"Yes, sir," Kyle said.

"We have a lot to do in the coming weeks," Damien said. "I've bought a place here and we'll need to make it livable. You two won't let your love get in the way of work, I hope."

"No, of course not," Katherine said, breathless with happiness. Damien could hear the smile in her voice, and he had to struggle not to grin himself. Young love was wonderful to behold.

"Then take the rest of the night off," Damien said. "We start settling down tomorrow."

Before they could say anything else, he turned and walked back toward the hotel parking lot. Tomorrow he would begin his life with Julia. His mate, his one true love. He couldn't wait.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Julia

The next morning Julia spent an extra ten minutes putting on a dress and tying her hair back, trying to tame the frizz. Granny Dee caught her for breakfast with the guests, and by the time she had extricated herself from the dining room table and gone out to the field, Damien was waiting for her. She didn't see him until she was close, and when she caught the sight of his figure leaning against the tree, she started back with a gasp.

"If this shape frightens you now, I don't know what you'll do when I have to shift," Damien said with a grin, his glasses masking his eyes. Julia ran the few steps to him and threw her arms around his neck. He caught her up in a hug, swinging her around before setting her gently back on the ground. She laughed with happiness, something she hadn't done in a long, long while.

"You'd better be careful," Damien said, pulling back with a wary expression.

"Oh?" Julia said, arching her eyebrow. "Why's that?"

"A beautiful young girl out alone in the middle of the forest..." Damien said. He brought his hands up and cupped her cheeks, framing her face. Julia's lips turned up in a half-smile.

"Dangerous for me to be out here, is it?" she said.

"So far away from grandmother's house?" Damien said, in mock solemnity. "Why, who knows what kinds of creatures you might encounter in the woods?"

He let his hands drop to her waist, and Julia let out a gasp as he pulled her close into a kiss. Her hands came up to his shoulders, but she didn't want to push him away.

"You mean a creature like you?" Julia asked. "I think I can handle that."

"Really?" Damien teased. "You're not afraid of the big bad wolf?"

"Oh my," Julia said, playing along, "what large arms you have!" Her hands smoothed the fabric over his muscles. His skin was emanating heat and her body instinctively drew closer to him.

"All the better to hold you with, my dear," Damien said, pulling her against his chest. He grinned, his teeth gleaming in the light of dawn.

"What great white teeth you have!" Julia said, tilting her head back.

"The better to nibble you with, my dear," Damien said, pretending to snap at her neck. Julia held up her hands in mock surrender, looking up into his face. She reached up and took off his glasses. In the light of day his eyes did not glow nearly as much, but the power and sheer lust in their golden hue still made her shudder in delight.

"What big eyes..." Julia said, her voice fading as he lifted his sightless gaze to her. There was a depth to his eyes that she had never seen in anyone else before, and because he was blind she was unafraid to stare deeply into them.

"I only wish they could see your beautiful face," Damien said, lowering his lips to hers as he spoke. Julia inhaled sharply as he pressed his mouth down, and she felt the tip of his tongue trace its way along her lower lip, sending crackling fires along her body.

"Mmmm," she murmured. Her body was responding to the pressure in a way she hadn't ever experienced. She pulled him towards her, raking her fingers across his back.

"So you've decided not to send me away, then?" Damien said, laughing into the kiss. Julia cupped her hand around his neck and brought him back into the embrace with a ferocity she herself could not explain. It had begun as an innocent attraction, but the lingering traces of her anger and hurt had been turned into something else. Desire ignited into lust, and she felt the flames of it radiating out from the center of her body. Was it his desire or hers, or both of theirs? She could not tell.

He kissed her ferociously, his lips moving down her neck to her collarbone, then her br**sts. He paused when he reached the soft curve of her cl**vage, but she twined her fingers into his hair and pressed him against her, pulling down her dress to give him free access. Her eyes flickered back to the house, but no, they were protected from sight by the trees. She had no intention of stopping. Not now.

His tongue traced the outside edge of her breast, circling closer to her areola. She brushed his dark hair back from his face to see him better, his smooth skin against hers in the fresh light of day.

When she first saw him, she knew he was different from any of the other boys she had seen wandering through the college library. Now, as he lavished his attentions on her, she understood what it was. Where some men would be shy or overly brash, Damien was instead quietly confident. He asked permission and took it with every touch of his fingers on her skin, and she felt possessed completely when his hands cradled her curves and brought her to him.

His hands pulled up the skirt of her dress as he knelt in front of her.

"What are you doing?" Julia asked, her breath catching in her throat as she felt Damien's lips fluttering kisses onto her leg just above her knee.

"Didn't you read the end of Little Red Riding Hood?" Damien asked. He pushed the fabric up over her hips, exposing her panties. His tongue darted out, licking the edge of the silk triangle, and Julia's mouth went dry with lust. She leaned her head back against the tree Damien had been sitting under.

Damien grinned. "She gets eaten by the wolf."

Julia opened her mouth to say something, but what it was she couldn't remember. Damien's mouth pressed firmly over her panties, breathing hot against her most sensitive area, and every thought that had been in her mind disappeared into the all-consuming heat of sensation. The slow hot breaths tickled her, and as he began to lick her through the thin fabric, she could not help but moan. Twisting her head, she felt the rough bard against her cheek.

"Oh- " Julia said. "Oh my-"

"Mmm?" Damien said, nuzzling the crease of fabric with his nose.

"What a long tongue you have," she said, giggling despite herself.

"The better to taste you with," he said, and in one swift motion he had torn down her panties and lowered his mouth onto her.

Julia felt it all at once: the hot tongue sliding forward into her, the fingers pressing against her slit, the lips sucking at the center of her pleasure insistently, and the explosion that rent its way through her body sent jagged thrills out along every single nerve. She orgasmed immediately, surprising even herself as the shocks of pleasure shot through her body. Gripping his head with one hand, she convulsed forward, pulsing her h*ps onto his mouth and groaning in pleasure. She would have fallen over if his hands had not been holding her up at the waist.

"Oh my God," she whispered, once she had recovered partially from the orgasm. Damien was still licking her softly.

"I knew it," Damien said.

"Knew-knew what?" Julia asked, trying desperately to catch her breath. She tugged on her panties with one hand.

"You have a wild heart," Damien said, pulling her down on top of him. She gasped in delight as he pulled his arm around her waist, cinching her close and rolling their bodies both back onto the forest floor. "Seducing me with your charms..."

"Me?" Julia said, gasping for air and laughing at the same time. Pine needles stuck in Damien's hair and she plucked them out with her fingers, smiling broadly.

"Yes, you. You with your radiant mind and your amazing body. Who wouldn't want to taste you?" Damien smiled and lowered his head to kiss her inner thigh, sending tingles up her leg.

"I've-I've never..." she said. Despite the ecstasy of the last few moments, she was still completely in a state of passion, ready to do whatever Damien wanted her to do. Her leg was pressed against Damien's thigh, and if what she felt there was any indication, he was ready as well.

"Did you want to go back to grandmother's house?" Damien said, a mischievous smile on his face. Julia shook her head. "Good. Because I'm not letting you go anywhere."

Julia squealed as Damien pulled her up against his chest and bunched up the skirt of her dress, completely exposing her backside. At first he simply ran his fingers back and forth over her slit. Her underwear was completely soaked, and the friction of his fingers through the fabric was driving her crazy.

"I know you want me," he said, pulling the fabric tight as he stroked her. She moaned, rocking back against his hand. "I can feel every bit of your want."

"Please," she said. She wriggled in his grasp, hoping for more contact. Before she could speak Damien's other hand was stroking her slit. His fingers slid inside her easily under her panties, the heat of his hand driving her wild. Then he pulled back.

"No!" Julia said, the word coming out of her mouth before she could even think about it. "Don't stop." Turning her head, she could just see his eyes twinkling with pleasure.

"You're sure?" he asked.

"Please," she cried, her words a gasp in the cool morning air.

Damien caressed her ass, his palm smooth over her skin. She moaned in anticipation as his fingers traced the outside of her, and then he squeezed her, hard. She cried out, bucking against him, and he traced the outline of his hand where her skin was just beginning to flush.

His fingers slipped into her and her heart began to race, the electric thrills of sensation running along her spine. She rocked forward, gasping as Damien thrust his fingers roughly into her. She could feel his erection pressing against her side through his pants, and she leaned close to rub against him. He breathed hard but did not stop, letting her stroke him through the fabric as he continued.

Again, again he slid his fingers across her at the core of her body, penetrating her just enough to tease but not enough to satisfy. Her heart was beating in her ears and she felt completely out of control. Her body was rebelling against her head, telling her that this was all she needed. She was there, almost there, on the edge of ecstasy. The sounds of her moans echoed in the woods, and her breathing was ragged against the air. Then he stopped, and she groaned in unfinished agony.

"Beg for it."

She turned her head but he pulled her hair back by the ponytail, exposing her neck. He leaned close to her, his breath hot on her ear. She shook with desire.

"I want you to beg for it," he said.

Julia had never felt so turned on, so dominated. She clung to his arms even as he pulled her hair back farther, the thrilling pain coupling with her intense, unsatisfied lust. Whenever his movements got close to satisfying her, he would pull away slightly. She realized that he was reading her, tantalizing her until she almost had reached the edge.

"Please," she whispered.

"Are you mine?" he asked.

"Yes!" Julia cried out. "Oh, yes!"

Damien released her hair, and she felt his hand circling her ass. "How do you want me to take you?" he said

"Take me hard, please, please," Julia said. She was hoarse with desire, her want overtaking any sense she ever had. "I need you. I need you now. Inside of me. Please-"

Without warning, Damien rolled over and threw her to the ground. Julia caught herself on the pine needles, but Damien was already pulling her up roughly by her hips. He caressed her ass slowly, softly. Julia whimpered.

Julia felt an animal lust course through her. On her hands and knees, dripping wet between her thighs like a wolf in heat, she had the irrational desire to turn her head up and howl. Nobody had ever made her feel so wild, so careless.

It was the way he held her, possessing her exactly how he wanted, doing whatever he wanted to her. That was the difference. Damien had complete control over her, and she found that she didn't mind one bit. She had always been intimidated by men, but with Damien his desire was so honest that she did not feel self-conscious in the slightest bit. She could tell he wanted her so utterly and completely, not caring what she might think of his desire, and it made her want him even more.

Damien was positioned behind her, pulling her thighs apart with his big strong hands. Julia gasped as she felt his tongue licking her slit from behind, probing her. His lips sucked her skin, already slick with her sweat and juices, and she twitched, her body grinding itself backwards to meet him.

"What was that you wanted, again?" he asked, his breath held just above her wet slit. Julia gasped to inhale. She could hear Damien's zipper coming undone and it nearly undid her. Then his erection was pressed between her thighs, swollen and hot against her skin, and she groaned.

"Please take me," she said. "Take me. Oh please, please-"

One sharp thrust, and Julia felt herself filled with his huge member. Her body tried to clench down but he was too big, he filled her entirely. The thrust came through her, and suddenly she was there with him in a whirlwind of ecstasy. She could feel his own emotion, the hot friction of her body on his, the rising ache that built and built and swept them both up in it. She could feel, too, the connection that pulled them together. It was as real as if there had been a chain around both of their hearts. Locked together, feeling the same emotion, they became part of each other.

Mate. She finally understood the word. He was the one who fit into her. The one who completed her, body and mind.

Fingers slid through her hair, massaging her scalp, then pulled her head back. Her body was lifted from the ground, her neck exposed, and her heart was beating in her ears. Damien clutched her hip with his free hand and she clenched, released, and felt him push even farther into her.

"Oh yes, yes..." she moaned, feeling him shift himself between her thighs.

One large hand moved and gripped her throat. She felt her breath being pressed from her body as he worked his c*ck deeper into her. She was being held up by the throat and the feeling was so strange, so novel that her mind tumbled over itself, each new sensation thrilling her more than the last. He had her life in his hands and she trusted him, oh, she trusted him, even though he made her ache with lust. There was nothing she wanted more than to do what he wanted her to do. And she knew that he could feel every tingle, every gasp of hers as surely as if it were his, and he plucked her strings with expert passion.

Damien forced himself deeper in, his c*ck throbbing through its whole shaft. She could feel the heat of it slick between her thighs. He paused just as their skin pressed together, the length of him pulsing inside of her. Julia's body shivered and clenched, her head tossed back.

"My mate," Damien said. She had her head forward but even without seeing him she could tell that he was smiling. His hand loosened around her throat and she gulped.

"Yours," she said, her fingers dug deep into the pine needles. "I am yours. Be mine now."

He bent over her resisting body, bent it forward until her muscles could not hold her up any more and she buckled, her elbows askew on the ground. Farther still, until his weight was pushing against her and she thought she could not hold them both up. Then he withdrew, thrusting inward again quickly. Again he withdrew, and again he thrust, and the nerves between her legs burned with the slick tension.

Faster now, faster and harder. Damien was rocking himself back and forward, using her h*ps as a leverage point. Julia could feel her ass being bruised by his h*ps slamming into her, yet she echoed his motions all too eagerly. She was hungry for him, her appetite insatiable. The agonizing lust within her body grew as his c*ck thrust in and out of her, and soon she was braced against the forest floor, pushing herself back onto him with equal force.

The angle he was positioned in was perfect: she could feel herself coming closer and closer to her cli**x with every pounding sound. Their bodies came together brutally, attracted to each other with feelings so raw that they could not be anything but sincere. The reality of their desire burned through Julia as she felt Damien's hand clench over her hip and she knew he was close to orgasm as well.

His hand slipped down, over her breast, and Julia drew a sharp breath as his fingers pinched down on her nipple, twisting it hard. Every limb of her body was on fire with lust, and his touch set off her orgasm in a fierce shudder.

She writhed in Damien's arms, arching back against him. Wave after wave of orgasm pounded her as his thrusting increased, his c*ck impossibly harder. His breath was fast in her ear while she shook with the intensity of the feeling that was exploding through her body. He caught the wave of her ecstasy and rode it along with her, and she could feel his explosion mimic her own, shattering any semblance of distance between them.

"Ohhh," she moaned as Damien jammed his swollen c*ck into her tight, tight slit, another shiver of orgasm vibrating through her nerves like the last ripple disappearing in a pond. Damien's body stiffened over hers in a final spasm and she felt his hand squeeze once, hard, then relax. She felt the spasm in her own core, her body clenching until he relaxed as well. His heart was pounding so loud that Julia could hear it through his skin, the heat radiating from his every limb.

Julia felt strangely peaceful, as though her wild body had shaken so much that it was now buzzing, hovering in a mystical place between reality and dream. She felt herself begin to swoon, and a strong arm caught her and turned her. Grateful, she let Damien lay her down against the forest floor. Above them, the rays of the morning sun shone through the pine branches.

He settled her onto the soft ground. When she caught his hand with hers she felt his fingers trembling. She brought them to her lips and kissed them.

"Such a big bad wolf," she murmured.

"I hope I didn't scare you too much," Damien said.

"I was only scared when I thought I might lose you," Julia said, her eyelashes fluttering against her cheeks.

Reaching one arm under her head, Damien cradled her into his chest. His long arms wrapped her up entirely like a cocoon.

It was the oddest thing. Despite the circumstances, despite the fact that she had seen him shift into a wolf and tear into a brutal fight with another animal, she felt safer in his arms than she had ever felt before. There was no awkwardness, no unfamiliarity. He took her body in his arms as though he had done so for years and would always do so in the years to come. She wondered if he would keep her for the years to come. She wondered if she had gone crazy.

"Oh, the library!" Julia said, her head turning up. "What time is it?"

"You don't need to worry about that," Damien said.

"Helen will kill me," Julia said, squirming in his arms. "You don't understand. She'll fire me."

"I already called in and told her that you'll be gone for the day."

"What?"

"Actually, I told her you couldn't come to work anymore this year," Damien said.

"You did what?" Julia sat up, her mouth agape.

"I thought you'd need the time to study literature," Damien said. His fingers stroked her palm, comforting her even as her thoughts raced. "After all, you're going to have to catch up. The school year's already one week in."

"I-no, Damien, go to college?! I can't stop working. The house-"

"I went to the bank yesterday and wrote a check for the property. It's not what you think," he said quickly. "I'll sign the deed over to you. I just wanted to make sure nobody bought it before I had the chance."

"How...how did you possibly..."

"The pack has been saving for a while now," he said. His fingers intertwined with hers. "You don't have to let us live on your land, of course, but if you'll let us build a couple of cabins somewhere out in the woods, you won't even know the pack is there. It's up to you."

"Of course," Julia said. Her head was spinning. "Of course you can stay. Heavens, you bought the place, didn't you?" Giddy laughter bubbled out of her as she hugged him tight.

"And you'll be my mate?"

Julia looked at Damien. His face was joyful but his tone was serious.

"Yes," she whispered. The happiness in her threatened to burst her heart. "Will you be mine?"

"I've always been yours," Damien said, kissing her hand. "I have been waiting to find you my entire life."

"I've been waiting for you too," Julia said softly. "I never knew until now what I had been waiting for, but I always hoped that you would come." She felt a swell of joy run over her, and as Damien leaned in to kiss her, she could sense his joy mingled together with hers. The shafts of light filtered in through the branches above and a bird call rang out in melody through the forest, searching for its partner. Julia's lips curved into a smile. Whatever future awaited her was his future as well. Their future. She couldn't wait.

