The Adams was the oldest and swankiest hotel in the city. The long lobby was a gleaming expanse of marble flooring and gold accented surfaces, discreetly uniformed employees waited in the tiny alcoves and behind the long rosewood counter. The faint fragrance of fresh flowers drifted through the air, mingling with expensive cologne and perfume.

The front door was manned by a smartly uniformed man who swept the door open and bowed gracefully in a single movement that was so smooth it seemed to be effortless, although it had been practiced for months and put into practice for over twenty years

The doorman did not blink an eye at the limousines, Bentley's Roll Royce's and Ferrari's that stopped in front of the doors constantly, disgorging the rich, the famous, and those who were infamous and their entourages and hanger-ons, or at least, not usually

The man stepping out of the Bugatti Veyron Super Sports was enough to make even the calmest of the Adam's staff feel nervous and flustered. It was a regular day when the latest pop star or actress stepped through the doors, but to have a Crown Prince in the hotel was a different story entirely and when George, the doorman spoke to say 'Have a good day Sir' he spoke a little louder than usual and instantly bit his mouth shut in order not to say anything else

"Thank you, and you as well," the tall man with the black hair, lean chiseled face and exquisitely tailored Savile Row suit said. That startled George, most never bothered to even nod, he was an invisible figure for the most part, a necessary convenience for the people who came and went from the hotel. Before he could stop himself he added, "I will, Sir.

Matt Windsor's dark eyes didn't dart around but he saw everything, nonetheless. His keenly observant gaze saw the way the employees went rigid and froze for a moment before rushing to take care of him.

The tall austere woman behind the desk gave him a formidably chilly glance.

"Good afternoon Your Highness, will the rest of your party be joining you shortly? I can have their rooms set up now so as to prepare for their arrival."

"They will appreciate that, I'm sure." Matt saw his bodyguards taking up their usual places and he sighed inwardly. He had joked to a trusted friend that he often wondered if the increase in number of guards from one to three had more to do with ensuring he didn't escape the marriage he had agreed to than any concerns for his actual safety but sometimes he wondered if that were truly not the case. "I need the adjoining penthouse as well please. I would like that not to be mentioned to my security detail.

"Certainly." Her eyes were no less warm when she forked over his keys but she didn't ask why he needed the other penthouse either, a mark in her favor.

Rachel pasted a smile on her face as she climbed off of the bus. The black tail of exhaust that belched from the back of it made her cough and she stood for a moment in the cold wind just to make certain that none of that stench of that smoke lingered on her hair or clothes. When she was positive it didn't she headed for the staff entrance of the Adams Hotel.

She had grown up seeing the hotel almost daily as both of her parents worked there but she rarely noticed any of its appointments. While the skylight and soaring conservatory were things that guests exclaimed over and the food served in the restaurant was created by a five star chef imported from Europe and the whole place was steeped in a history of unimaginable luxury for those able to pay the price for her it was just the place that her dad opened the doors and her mother ran the housekeeping department in.

And now she worked there as well, something she would have said would never happen if she had been asked about it when she was younger. She had been struggling with a huge debt load while trying to finish college so she had been faced with several unappealing choices: take out student loans or move back home. In order to avoid those options she had decided to try to grab a second job as a bartender, a job she had held before. Her father had told her the Adams had need of a bartender during the hours she was open and she had begun the job.

The night had fallen hours before and the door for staff was heavy, hidden in a small and dirty alley. She had to make sure to pick her feet up high or risk getting spots on her shoes, shoes which were required to have a high gloss shine on them despite nobody being able to see her feet as she stood behind the bar. The heavy shadows that stood over the trashcans and pallets made it harder for her to navigate her way to the door. She knew that the staff entrance served its purpose but that didn't lessen the sense of unfairness over it that she always felt. Her father had never entered the Adams by the front door, despite being the man who opened that door, unless he was toting something a patron had shoved into his white-gloved hands.

The long hallway that led into the kitchens and laundry smelled of starch and garlic. The air was heavy and hot and she had to duck around carts piled high with dirty dishes from room service and baskets filled with fruit for the tables in the suites.

She ducked into the back of the bar, moving behind the bar as the bartender she was relieving slid out in a seamless motion designed to ensure that the change would not jar the guests. A quick scan showed Rachel that the place was mostly empty. The only customers were a couple who sat huddled in a booth, a mostly emptied bottle of wine on the table before them. The woman was a pop star who had a reputation for being difficult under the best of circumstances and heinously hard to handle when she had been drinking, the man she was sitting with was her husband, who was also a difficult person when drinking. It seemed they both drank nearly constantly and the entire staff at the hotel hated to see them coming, and with good reason.

Rachel had waited on her before and dreaded doing so again, she had been rude and demanding and she had left a measly two dollar tip for the nearly three hundred dollars in drinks she had guzzled down, an amount that had made Rachel feel both slightly sick and angry.

She kept on a discreet eye on the couple, hoping they would finish up and leave. It looked iffy for a few moments then the woman stood, a bit unsteadily, grabbed the bottle and upended it into her pink frosted mouth. She slammed it back onto the table and snarled out a few choice words to her husband before stomping off, her long blonde hair swinging across her pixie like face.

The husband left and it was just Rachel and the deep quiet. The clock showed it was nearly midnight, she knew that given it was weekday and late the bar would be less than busy, she made almost a thousand dollars on her weeknight shifts and the slow shifts were the price she had to pay for that boon so she simply waited, standing slightly at attention as she had been taught to do while her mind ran over the details of the term paper she was writing.

So engrossed was she that she almost didn't notice when Matt came in but when she did she couldn't speak for a moment. She had been around many good looking men in her life but there was something dark and brooding, maybe even a little dangerous about him that made her feel awkward and shy.

She may have been slow to notice him but he noticed her immediately. Her burnished auburn hair was piled high in a classical knot that showed off her high cheekbones and slightly tilted green eyes, soft full lips and incredibly pale skin.

His eyes dropped to the crisp white blouse she wore, it did nothing to disguise the full and generous swell of her br**sts and he let his gaze drift down her waist to sensuously curved hips. He couldn't see much else due to the bar but as he took a seat she smiled at him, revealing neat white teeth.

"What may I get for you Sir?" She had a throaty voice, slightly hoarse and very rich; it reminded him of the voice of a glamorous movie star from the nineteen forties. His eyes never dropped but he saw all too well how her thick thighs led to curvy calves, shown off to full advantage by a sedate black skirt, sheer hose and pumps polished so well they could have reflected his face.

"Jameson on the rocks, please."

His British accent and deep voice sent shivers down her spine, making her voice sound strained when she said, "Yes Sir."

Rachel could see him looking at her as she turned to the shelves that held the liquor. She felt a blush trying to creep up her neck and she forced herself to concentrate. She poured a generous dollop of the liquor over a few cubes of ice and laid a carved wood coaster on the bar in front of him and sat the drink on it.

Matt opened his mouth to speak but just then June Whiles, a pop star he had had the misfortune to have to meet when she had been younger and touring in England, came staggering through the door. "Hey, what the hell happened to my wine? You, behind the bar! Did you take my f**king wine?"

"The bottle was empty ma'am, would you like another one sent to your room?" Rachel's smile was bland and her manner calm but June was too drunk to be calm. "No I don't want another bottle you idiot! I want that bottle!"

June's husband came in and grabbed her arm. "You drank it all before you stormed out! Stop making a scene! Bartender, give us another bottle!"

She wanted to say no, Matt could see it. But at the Adams the guest was always right. June began to sob and stomp her foot, her pretty but petulant face awash with tears. The thick coatings of eyeliner that rimmed her eyes ran down her cheeks, leaving black streaks on her cheeks. Matt kept his face averted while Rachel decanted a bottle of Australian Shiraz that ran six hundred dollars a bottle. June grabbed a glass and guzzled it, burping loudly and then laughing wildly while her husband quietly poured her a refill. Matt shook his head in disgust.

Rachel had been too busy trying to stave off any further meltdowns in her bar to notice the motion but June saw it and her face took on an owlishly surprised look. "You're a real prince," she slurred, resting her slight body against the bar.

"Let's go June! Bring the bottle with you!"

Matt was glad her husband had intervened; he was in no mood to deal with the woman. She levered herself up and away from the bar, still holding the glass in her hand, and grabbed the bottle off of the bar, "You won't steal it this time," she said, "I'm going to report you for that."

Rachel said nothing. She knew that the manager ignored June's constant complaints, especially ones issued after a visit that included a tab in the thousands of dollars for alcohol, which was generally every stay.

The couple left and Matt said, so quietly she almost didn't hear it, "Now that's an interesting couple."

His comment was wry but she didn't dare smile. She asked, "Would you like another drink Sir?" instead.

"Yes, and why don't you join me?"

"We aren't allowed to imbibe while on the clock Sir, but thank you for the offer. Would you like me to order a light snack for you?" She let her index finger angle toward the phone. Part of her job was to ensure the comfort of the guests but another part was to insure that they parted with as much money as possible inside the hotel.

A devilish gleam danced in his dark eyes and a grin lifted the corners of his lips, "I would like something but I doubt it's on that menu."

Rachel blinked. He's hitting on me! She thought, I think he is anyway. Go figure, rich handsome man with nothing better to do than try to pick up a bartender. Her eyes went to his fingers, no ring rested on his hand. There were no tan lines or other telltale marks either but she knew that didn't necessarily mean anything.

She wanted to say something but she had no idea of what to say. Her natural shyness overcame her. "I'm sure they could make you whatever you like." There, that will redirect him.

"I think I'm okay with the drink." Stop it, he scolded himself, flirting with a bartender is fine for some people, but the last thing on earth I need is a scandal. That thought made his lips thin down to a fine line.

He stared into his drink, thinking of Laura Dale, his fiancee. Laura was a tall thin blonde with elegant features and long slender hands that danced gracefully across the keys of pianos. She had long legs and narrow feet that had been trained to dance, impeccable manners and dressed in a sedate but stylish manner. She knew how to run an enormous home, was an active socialite whose family had not just a name but money. In other words, she was perfect for the position of his wife.

Matt liked Laura, on some levels, but she was as cold as the stone walls of her family's country estate. He wanted to believe that was due to her having been groomed to marry a prince, which included her need to be a virgin. Somehow he doubted that was the issue though. She was always aloof and distant, once at a dinner party he had put his hand on her knee and she had sat up straighter, given him a look that told him in no uncertain terms his touch was unwelcome and turned away to carry on a conversation with someone else at the table.

He knew there was no getting out of the nuptials. He was in his thirties and the sole heir to the kingdom. Laura was the daughter of a duke and the news had already gone out. The entire kingdom was celebrating the engagement and what was more, his people needed something to celebrate. The economy had finally taken a major turn for the better, jobs had become plentiful again and now a royal wedding was looming on the horizon, it was perfect timing.

He took a long swallow of the whisky, letting it burn a warm trail into his belly. "I could just walk away," he thought, "Drive off to some tiny town in Florida where it's always warm and grow a lime orchard or something."

"Do you know anything about lime trees?"

"No. Limes stave off scurvy though." Rachel's face burned red. Scurvy? Really?

"Good to know."

Embarrassed she turned around, busying herself with bottles and glasses and putting away small mixing utensils. "I guess a lime orchard is out then."

She turned back around. "I'm sorry?"

"It was just a passing thought."

"We close in fifteen minutes Sir, would you like another drink?"

His eyes went to the clock, he had come down after eleven and it was almost two thirty. He had no idea of where the time had gone. Upstairs his bodyguards slept on, unaware that he had escaped them through the adjoining penthouse and from there down to the bar. The very fact that he had to resort to the ruse angered him. He needed solitude at times, it was part of his makeup and the constant crush of people around him often irritated him. As a youngster he had often taken off on long walks, hiding out under the hedges in the maze on the palace grounds. He had snuck away from his private and rule bound boarding schools, once managing to spend an entire day walking on a stretch of gorgeously desolate shoreline for nine hours before being found. By then the guards knew that the notes he left behind declaring he would never return were indeed written by him and not clever fiends and so they rarely alerted the palace or his parents, instead they simply tracked him down and dragged him back, often kicking and screaming.

Several years before he had made a huge fortune in the computer software industry and had become very well known, his face had been plastered on countless advertisements all over the country and many outside of it. Not to mention he was royalty. Just to have a simple drink in a hotel bar and go for a long walk after dark required subterfuge. Weariness seeped in at that thought.

Rachel snuck a peek at his handsome face again in the mirror. She hated to see him leave, and not just because he had been such a pleasant and sweet patron, but because he was so handsome. The brief flirtation he had engaged in had left her feeling breathless and while he had been staring into the depths of his drinks she had been lost in a daydream of her own, one that had included some rather kinky delights.

Kinky, she scoffed, as she washed a glass and waited for him to finish writing in the check. Like I would know anything about kinky sex, it's been six months since I even had a date. She stared bleakly at the heavy bottomed crystal decanter in her hands, thinking of her ex -fiance Kyle and how he had dumped her months before their wedding and for no reason except he had decided he wanted to move to California and learn to surf, of all things.

That had hurt her badly. She had been focused on school and work and she had not noticed that her boyfriend had been busy dating most of her friends behind her back. He had also run up most of her credit cards, part of the reason having a second job had become necessary.

The day he had left he had stood in the tiny little bedroom of the apartment they shared, stuffing his clothes into a duffel bags and a battered suitcase, his lean body shown off in a pair of jeans that hung low on his narrow h*ps and his bleached and highlighted blonde hair fashionably messy. "You don't understand," he had said as he shoved dingy socks into the bag, "It's not you and it's not me. It's this city man. I was born in the wrong place. I was born on the wrong side of the ocean. I need sunshine and surf I can ride or I will never be happy. It's not being able to surf, that's what it is. It isn't you, see?"

"You've never even seen a surfboard up close!" Anger and frustration had lashed out of her, "What the hell do you mean you need to surf in order to be happy?"

"You'll never get it. Okay, that's cool. I've decided to take on this whole adventure, live life to the fullest sorta thing, and you are still stuck here in this plane of...'

"Oh go f**k yourself and your 'adventure', too!" Rachel had yelled.

Matt watched her face. She had something about her, a sort of vulnerability, which made her even more beautiful. She looked up and caught him staring at her and a thin red flush slid up her cheeks, looking so much like the crimson tide that occurred during orgasm that all he could do was stare at it transfixed.

"I can take that if you're ready." Her mouth was dry. The expression on his face sent heated tingles into her belly. She held out one hand for the thin black leather cover that he had placed the signed check in and their fingers touched for a small moment. Electricity shot through her, ashamed of that reaction she yanked away in an awkward and hasty gesture that ripped the check from his hand.

"Sorry! I didn't mean to grab it, I...I..." The stutter she sometimes faced when nervous tried to surface, she shoved it back down. "I apologize if I seemed rude, Sir."

"You regain your aplomb almost miraculously. That's a compliment."

She nodded. He picked up his coat off of the back of the chair and stood there for a moment, staring at her face. Regret brushed him but he shoved it away. "Goodnight."

"Goodnight Sir and thank you."

He inclined his head and then asked, "Is there another entrance? I need to get out without being seen."

She didn't seem to find the question odd, "Of course. All of our guests who require discretion are allowed access to the tunnel entrance that leads...'

"No, not that one. I need one that nobody will see me use."

"Are you in trouble?" She asked before she could check her thoughts from becoming words.

To her relief he laughed. "No but sometimes my life forces me to behave as though I'm on the run, if I'm going to have any freedom at all."

"The staff entrance is through that door and down the hallway." She paused. "I could get fired..."

"Only if someone tells them that you told me. The secret is safe with me."

He tossed his coat across his shoulders and ran his hands down the front of his body to straighten his clothes in a gesture so utterly erotic her heart squeezed and her crotch ached. The response was primal and frightening, she tried to ignore it but she couldn't, her panties were literally damp with arousal.

"Have a good night," he said and vanished through the staff door.

"You too," she said to the empty bar. You are an idiot, a horny idiot, she scolded herself. She scanned the check, his tip was incredibly generous and his signature a barely legible scrawl. Thankfully she could read the room number clearly enough. She put the total into the computer, shut everything down and made one last sweep of the bar to set things to rights.

She had closed the heavy oak doors and locked them, put on her coat and picked up her purse when she heard the banging at the doors. Walking toward them she heard June screaming that room service would not make her a Mojito and she wanted one right then or someone was going to suffer.

Rachel backed away slowly. She had already clocked out and if she left before the damned woman could make too much of a fuss one of the other employees would have to give her the bad news that she was out of luck that night.

Feeling foolish and a little naughty she tiptoed away from the door. Heavy thuds landed on it and June's howls got louder. Rachel had to press both hands up to her mouth to stifle the hysterical laughter that threatened to burst from her.

"I want a Mojito! I want a Mojito!" The chant broke off abruptly. Just when Rachel was certain the woman had given up a flurry of what could only have been kicks landed on the door. She crept backwards, her eyes widening as the manager's soothing voice began. She couldn't hear the words but she could imagine the scene.

"I know they have it!" June screamed

Afraid the manager might actually open the door and make her the drink himself Rachel dashed across the bar and out the door that led to the outside entrance. Cold night air hit her in the face and she shivered as she wrapped her scarf around her neck and buttoned her coat before walking out to the bus stop.

Matt felt immensely better. The cold air had revived him and the long walk had felt good. He knew the city well enough not to stray off into any alleys or small side streets. Even at that time of night the street that ran in front of the Adams was packed with theatregoers who had stopped for a meal or coffee, night clubbers trying to hail clubs and giddy tourists. Headlights splashed across the buildings and the gaudy neon signs lit up the night so brightly he could see for blocks.

He saw her standing in the clear cube of a bus stop and paused. Her coat was red wool pea coat that showed off her neat waist and wonderfully high and curvy ass. Her hands were clasped under her chin in a gesture so close to prayer he had to smile.

"Hello," he ducked into the bus stop with her. "Cold night isn't it?"

He was so damnably attractive. This close she could smell his cologne, it was rich and slightly bitter, utterly masculine and warm. His well-cut coat was a Brooks Brothers trench and his shoes were Italian leather. She took all of those things in at a glance.

"Yes it is."

A small and uncomfortable silence fell. Matt was about to simply walk away, Rachel was wracking her brain for something witty to say. The wind blew a torn bit of newspaper across their feet. And the front door of the Adams burst open.

For a moment all either of them could do was stare. The spectacle unfolding was so bizarre that it took some time to register. June Whiles was running up and down in front of the most expensive hotel in the entire city stark raving nak*d. Her petite body glowed like a pearl, her small br**sts bounced with every step and her thin legs pumped as she ran back and forth in front of the entrance where the stunned night doorman, a middle aged man named Thomas, stood with his mouth hanging unashamedly open. One of June's frail arms waved in the air, tattoos glowed from that arm, including the heavily inked Fuck You and her long hair swirled in the wind.

Flashbulbs went off and June began to scream at the people snapping her pictures, many of whom were paparazzi. Most of her screams involved curse words and then she began to spit. Matt, seeing the photographers moving close to where he stood, flipped up the collar of his coat and ducked his head lower, stepping a bit behind Rachel to avoid being seen and photographed by them. He felt like a coward for doing so but he also knew he had little choice. God forbid that anyone connected him with June and given the way paparazzi behaved it was possible.

Incredibly June began to sing, her voice cracking and breaking on the higher notes. Rachel began to giggle and Matt muttered, "She doesn't sound like that on her records."

"She has a good voice because it has character but otherwise she's not a good technical singer," a man standing beside them said idly. "Auto-tune is a star maker."

Rachel stuffed her face into her hands and giggled helplessly as June's husband appeared holding a robe. He tried to get it on her but she resisted and fought him, her feet flailed out and she shook her fists at him and the crowd.

"She looks like a demented Kewpie doll," the auto-tune fellow said and Matt chuckled. For the first time in a long time he laughed and it released the tension that had been building in him ever since it had been decided he needed to marry. Onlookers began to clap and cheer when June fell down and began to sing again from the ground.

"I have to get back inside and it's a circus," he whispered in Rachel's ear. "Can you help me out...again?"

She turned to look at him. His dark eyes met hers and her breath came a little too fast when she whispered out a yes. They went to the staff entrance and she led him through the door and back down the darkened hallway. The elevator that led to the upper floors sat forty feet down the hallway and Rachel used her key to call it.

The door slid open and Matt saw his last chance dwindling away. "Get in the elevator," he ordered.

She knew she should say no and that she should leave but she couldn't. Her foot came out and she stepped into the elevator. Instantly her face was cupped in his warm palms and his mouth came down on hers. Her lips parted, giving him access and his tongue twisted ran across the surfaces of her teeth and then twined around hers.

A soft moan broke from her lips as his hands tangled into her hair and pulled it free of its pins, letting it spill across her shoulders in rumpled waves. Her coat buttons bounced off the floor as he tore the outerwear open and she giggled even as she whispered, "Hey you're destroying my coat!"

"I'll buy you another one," he growled, pressing his body closer to hers. The wall met her back and she shuddered in desire as his teeth nipped at her neck and ear. Warm breath washed over her face and she opened her mouth, whimpering as another searing kiss was bestowed upon her and his hands cupped and kneaded her br**sts almost painfully through her blouse and bra.

The door slid open and they stared at each other and then at the staff entrance to the penthouse section of the hotel. "This way." Matt said and went to the door that led to the smallest of the penthouses.

They went inside the sumptuous suite, Matt leading. "I don't usually do this."

"Me neither." Rachel's face was red. "I don't know what came over me." Oh say it you ninny! This may be the only time you ever see this guy! A voice inside her head clamored and she took a deep breath, "I will likely never do it again either because I'm that girl, you know, the good girl. I would love to change that, at least just once."

Matt felt his passion explode. The bashful admission only inflamed the lust that had been eating at him all night. "Then let's do something utterly outrageous, what do you say?" A spontaneous yes popped out of her mouth.

"Strip for me." Rachel felt a frisson of desire at that command. It was a command, and she knew it. Her hands came up to her coat and she started to tug it off. She halted the movement and then started over, gliding her arms out of the coat and hanging it neatly on the back of a chair upholstered in stripes of emerald and cream.

The Persian rug was soft, the muted colors glowed in the dimness and her feet sank into the pile when she kicked her shoes. Her fingers trembled as she raised them to the buttons of her blouse. The first button was the hardest, she was too aware of his hot gaze and she had to bow her head slightly to get up the courage to undo it. The second one was easier.

She stood there indecisive and unsure for a moment and then humor struck her. She had worn her black lace bra and panties set and she found herself grateful for that fact. Her lust overrode everything else. The blouse dropped to the floor, followed by the rest of her clothes.

Matt watched as the garments fell away to reveal large, perfectly rounded br**sts capped with light pink aureoles and taut n**ples. She had a sexy little belly and a shapely set of thighs; her mound was covered by a thin strip of damp curls just slightly darker than the hair on her head. Curvy - she was wonderfuly, womanly, curvy. His breath caught as he watched her raise her hands to hide her br**sts, but before she could he commanded her.

"Put your hands down."

The command made her heart beat harder against her chest. She had no idea why but she wanted to obey him, to do as he said and to please him. She lowered her hands, aware that her p**sy had become wetter at his words. Slippery fluids trickled down her inner thighs and she swallowed hard as he stepped closer.

Matt bent down and picked her panties up. He held the soft scrap of black silk and lace in his hand for a moment, thinking hard. Then he planted his mouth on hers, kissing her hard and roughly, forcing her lips open. He drew back and stuffed her panties into her mouth, creating a makeshift gag. Rachel's eyes widened, the taste of her own arousal spread across her lips and into her mouth. Every nerve in her body lit up. Her legs trembled as he led her across the room to the bed and left her standing there, her back to it and the backs of her thighs resting against the mattress while he undressed.

Her eyes followed his strong fingers as he yanked his tie off and then unbuttoned the crisp white shirt he wore. His chest was broad and muscular, nearly hairless and his abs were well defined, his waist tapered and narrow. His c*ck sprang from his slacks: thick and long and she pressed her legs together in an urgent attempt to put pressure on that place that was screaming out for a touch.

Matt saw that movement. An irresistible idea formed and he grabbed his tie, went to the bed and carefully tossed her onto it. Rachel landed on the expensive high count polished Egyptian cotton sheets with a lusty gasp. Nobody had ever picked her up before, or thrown her either. The short flight sent adrenaline into her system and made her look again at the toned and hard muscles of his arms.

"Oh, did you like that?" Matt stuffed the panties back into her mouth and she stared up at his smiling face. "Let's see if you like this just as much." He hoisted her hands up and tied them together with his tie, making a secure knot in one to keep them together then he tied the other end to the headboard.

She moaned behind the gag. Her n**ples tightened and her belly sucked in when he blew a long breath across her delicate skin. Fingers traced her jawline and then his teeth grazed at her ear and neck, tiny little nips that made her h*ps buck wildly. He rested one hand on her belly, then he stroked that flesh softly, making circles around her navel as his teeth kept biting gently at her neck, he alternated the bites with kisses and licks, taking her breath away long before he moved lower.

His tongue licked across her n**ples and his hands kneaded the firm flesh of her right breast then the left. He squeezed a little harder, loving the way her heels dug into the mattress and her body jumped and jerked with pleasure at his touch. His mouth tightened around her nipple, his tongue flicked at the surface if it. He suckled and licked while his fingers ran down her belly and into the damp curls.

Rachel sucked in a long breath as his questing finger slid along the seam of her labia then parted them. The juices gathered there at the entrance made his entering her easy, she wriggled her ass so that she was at a better angle and he upped the ante by pressing a second finger inside her hot wet channel.

Her toes curled and her breath grew faster when his tongue and teeth moved along her upper thighs. A tiny nip, a sensual lick, each followed the other as he shifted his mouth lower. His breath stirred her pubic hair and she clenched her muscles in anticipation, her arms tugging at the tie as a desire to pull his hair, to use it to guide him to that tiny throbbing bud rose up in her.

She shrieked as he finally took her cl*t into his mouth, subsuming it. His fingers thrust harder, faster. Her legs shook and p**sy juice dripped down her ass crack to the sheets below. The panties came out again and her arms ached as she strained at the light bondage. Her fingers balled into fists and her eyes squeezed shut as an orgasm built inside her.

He stopped. Her eyes flew open and she slurred her protest, eliciting a chuckle from him.

"Would you like to come?"

"Yes! Yes, please..."

"Then maybe you should ask me if you can come."

"Please, can I come?"

His fingertips moved back and forth across her hips, leaving fiery trails in their wake and never quite touching her p**sy. "Manners, manners," he chided. "I'm sure you can, the question is if you may?"

"May I come?" She moaned out, feeling both utterly ridiculous and wanton at the same time.

"Yes." His tongue moved back to her clit, circling it. The coral flesh of her p**sy opened beneath his fingers and he drove them into her liquid heat. Her walls clenched and opened on his fingers, tightening almost painfully and she sobbed as she arched and thrust into his face.

The orgasm was powerful, so powerful she fell back into the mattress limp and drained. Her eyelids fluttered and small pleasant aftershocks rocked her. Matt untied her arms and she flexed her fingers feeling the blood coming back into her digits.

Matt knew he should stop there, send her on her way but he couldn't. The counter of the bathroom held a stock of 'supplies' undoubtedly sent up by the concierge. He had seen them earlier in the night and had noticed the condoms. He went to the bathroom, retrieved a strip of three and returned to the bed.

The mattress sagged slightly under his weight as he climbed back into the bed and pulled her up on her knees. Rachel opened her mouth eagerly when he pressed the tip of his stiff, latex sheathed c*ck to her lips. He moved forward an inch and she opened her mouth wider, taking him. She used her hand and her mouth to apply a tight pressure and the lubricant inside the condom added to his pleasure. His eyes closed as he moved in and out of her willing mouth, his hands gripped her hair, holding her captive to his motions.

Rachel had to fight to breathe and her throat ached. His c*ck was thick and long, bigger than what she was used to, her mouth felt stretched and bruised but the slight discomfort was worth it. She could feel his thighs tightening. Her hands went up around him and her fingers squeezed his ass, enjoying the feeling of his muscles flexing under her fingertips.

Matt pulled out. He wanted to come, badly but he wanted to f**k her even more and he didn't want to come as soon as he entered her. He laid her on her back, her legs spread voluntarily and readily. He waited, using his fingers to loosen her walls and to give himself time to regroup. Her hand came down and she guided him into her waiting p**sy.

The rhythm he set was slow but it sped up as their bodies strained for each other's. Rachel cried out as she stretched and opened for his heavy firm prick. Her legs wrapped around him, her fingernails scratched his back and he grabbed her hands, holding them above her head while his lean h*ps moved more rapidly.

"Oh that feels so good!" Rachel cried.

"Do you want to come for me?"

"Yes, yes please I do!"

Matt ground his teeth together and thrust faster, enjoying the feeling of her snug walls wrapped around him. "Come right now then, come for me."

"Oh!" she cried out and her p**sy began to spasm in a pulsing orgasm that was met and matched by the feel of his c*ck throbbing inside her as his hot white come splattered inside the condom.

They collapsed and for long seconds they lay there, breathing hard and enjoying the aftershocks and the languor that was left behind. Matt rolled over, his hands reaching for her and pulling him close to his side. As she lay there he couldn't help but consider how good she felt there, how right. He could not, for the life of him, imagine Laura lying beside him in bed.

Guilt crashed in. What had he done? He was in bed with a woman he didn't even know, a bartender and one who might even sell the whole dirty story to the tabloids! He fought the urge to panic. The truth was, he didn't really much care if the story broke, or if Laura broke the engagement because of it. He didn't want to marry her anyway.

He wondered if he had deliberately chosen to take Rachel to bed just to sabotage that wedding but before he could examine that thought she spoke. "I don't even know your name!"

She was a little stunned by that fact and her words, while light, concealed the unexpected rush of guilt that had surfaced.

"I'm Hal Lyons." The lie confused him even as he told it. Hal was his bodyguard.

"I'm Rachel, Hal. Hello and good to meet you," she laughed a rather shaky laugh and started to get up. "I have to figure out how to get out of here. It's almost five o'clock in the morning and the maids and kitchen staff will be on their way, I can't be seen leaving a room. I could lose my job over it."

He didn't want her to go. Surprised at that reaction kept him silent and she got up and dressed silently. Gray early morning light filtered through a tiny crack in the long drapes and he could see the red chafe marks forming on the perfect white skin around her wrists, souvenirs of their night together.

Rachel tried to button her coat, she stared down at the loose threads where buttons had been and the enormity of what had happened came home to her. She had broken the most sacred rule of the Adams; she had had sex with a guest. Her face flamed and her fingers shook. Matt saw her desperate attempt to get the coat together and he stood.

He pulled his wallet out and took several hundred-dollar bills from it, "I promised you a new coat."

The words stung. She knew he had said that very thing and while she had not thought anything about them when he had uttered them the sight of the crisp bills in his hand angered her. "I'm not a whore! You don't have to buy me anything!"

She fled before she could say anything else. Tears threatened but she blinked them back and made her way to the elevator, getting off on the first floor instead of the lowest so that she could sneak out of the entrance the guests used. She knew if she got caught there she would be in trouble but if she got caught in the staff hallway she would have to explain what she was doing there that time of day and with her coat buttons torn and her hair a mess as well. Not like it would need much explanation.

She had not forgotten about the cameras installed there to ensure the safety of rich and important guests, she pulled a scarf over her hair and hid her face by ducking it down into her coat's collar. She hoped her bare legs would help to disguise her identity as all of the female staff that wore that same white and black uniform she wore were required to wear dark hose.

She made it out and into the frozen morning air. Instantly she was assaulted with the cacophony of the city, sounds that never made it into the hotel. Car horns honked and buses shuddered to stops along the curb. Sleepy people stumbled past; a yellow cab zoomed up, its driver giving her a questioning look. She ignored him.

The cold made her shake but she ignored that too. She had never done anything that wild in her life and she wasn't sure how to handle it. What was more she wasn't sure how to handle the intense feelings that he had summoned up in her. She wasn't used to behaving boldly or being seduced by men who obviously found her attractive; she had always been the shy girl, the girl the guys went to talk about the girls they really liked, the girl you could count on to be there when you needed a friend.

She paused, causing an older man who was walking his overweight beagle to run into her back. He muttered a curse that roused her from her reverie and she stared after him before starting to walk again, her hands shoved deeply into her pockets.

What am I going to do? What if he comes into the bar tonight? Would he want me to come up to his room again? She glumly acknowledged that if he did she would go. Her p**sy ached, as did the muscles of her inner thighs, the walking made her even more aware of that.

I'll just wait and see what happens, she thought as she turned the key in the lock and opened the door to her apartment. The second she stepped inside she knew something was wrong. Her eyes darted to the heaps of dirty clothes piled on the sofa and the ashtray on the coffee table. A half- eaten pizza sat on one end of the sofa and next to it sat Kyle.

"Hey there sweetie," he said cheerfully, "Where have you been?"

"You're a coward." Matt stared at his reflection in the mirror and his reflection stared back without blinking. He had never run from anything in his life and yet he had blatantly lied to a gorgeous woman who had sparked true and primal desire in him for the first time in years.

Women always seemed to be attracted to his wealth or his title or his good looks but rarely did they seem to be even slightly interested in him as a person. There was something about Rachel that made him want to confide in her, to tell her his darkest secrets and most outlandish fantasies.

He had a feeling if he told her he often considered tossing his title and living out his life on a long stretch of beach, she would not be horrified like Laura had been when he had said something to that effect a few weeks before. He had the feeling Rachel would understand his feelings.

"Yeah sure. Because she knows you're a Prince, you couldn't wait to tell her."

He sighed and looked around the penthouse, the one he had spent the night in with her and caught sight of her panties still on the tossed sheets. He picked them up, caressing the material gently with the ball of his thumb. He put them in the pocket of his coat and walked out into the adjoining suite.

He closed the door firmly and none too soon. His personal assistant Paul hurried in, "Oh, good, you're awake." He blinked, "Good heavens man, did you sleep in your clothes?"

"I was up late looking over some figures and fell asleep in a chair." Yet another lie. His disgust with himself grew.

Paul went on, "You have to get on a plane this morning, now in fact. We have to get back to London immediately."

Matt stopped listening. His heart sank. He knew he had to leave but he wanted to stay, if for no other reason to explain to Rachel he had not meant to insult her by offering her money. He yanked his attention back to Paul just as the man said, "I've already ordered your bags packed and the plane to be readied. We can talk in the car. It will take at least two hours to get to the airport in this traffic."

"I have to shower and dress, then we can leave."

And maybe I can figure out a way to get a message to Rachel without costing her this job. He knew that wouldn't be possible but he wished it were, even as the car pulled away from the hotel.

Rachel went to work that night with an aching head and sore feet. She had had to deal with Kyle, and that had not resulted in her ousting him from her apartment, though she wished it had. The insufferable creature had pulled out the tattered copy of their once shared lease; he was still listed as a tenant in the place. She had forgotten to have him removed and she found herself regretting that oversight seriously when he had asked her what was for breakfast and if she had some money for the washing machine and dryers in the apartments shared laundry facilities.

She had two weeks left on the lease and right before she had slammed the bedroom door in his face she had told him in no uncertain terms she would be moving out and he could go to hell. She had checked her bedroom carefully and had gone to great pains to make sure there was nothing in the place that he could use to get himself some money.

Well, there's the television, she thought as she took her place behind the bar. I guess he could sell it and the DVD player. If it would get him out of there I would give him that willingly. She had hidden her cash in the freezer and it had all been there, she had taken it to the bank on her way to class.

She rubbed one foot along her other calf. It had been a long day, she had two classes and a four-hour shift at her other job and then the phone call saying that Renee, the Adams regular dinner shift bartender, was out with the flu, and she was exhausted.

She was grateful for the stressful events of the day and even the exhaustion, they had kept the memories of the night before at bay. Or they had, that is until June walked in and plopped down on a chair at the bar.

Her face was glum and her fragile form was clad in one of her signature looks: Black jeans with ripped out knees, a black and red striped skinny tee and knee high sneakers with a checkerboard pattern. Her blonde hair was up in a messy bun and dark glasses hid her eyes.

"Can I have a Mojito?" She asked. "And no, I don't need any reminders of that alleged incident last night."

Rachel had to bite back a smile. "Yes ma'am, one Mojito."

"No wait, f**k it. I want Limoncello, do you have that?" At Rachel's nod she said, "Make me a lemon drop."

"I'm sorry, I haven't heard of that. I will have to look it up."

"No, listen here is what you do...." Rachel followed her instructions and set the chilled glass in front of her. June took a slow sip and nodded. "That's it. That's perfect."

"I can't take the credit for that."

"Well I guess if my singing career goes tits up I can always get a job tending bar." June said and then she set the drink down. For the first time Rachel noticed how small the woman was. "Hey, am I crazy or did I see Prince Matthew in here last night?"

"Prince Mathew?" Her confusion was obvious and June elaborated, "I was so wasted but I swear I saw Prince Mathew sitting up here at the bar last night."

You're a real prince... that had been June's words to Hal...wait, was Hal...that thought was utterly preposterous. Or was it?

"I'm sure I don't know."

"It was the craziest thing," June said as she picked her glass up again. "As they were carrying me back into the hotel I swear I saw him again, outside, at a bus stop. How crazy is that, what the hell would he have been doing at a bus stop? He's one of the richest men in the world." She looked up as Rachel dropped the glass she had been holding on the hard floor behind the bar.

"Sorry, can you excuse me? I have to get the broom and clean that up." Rachel blurted, leaving before June could say anything else. In the tiny supply closet she closed the door and stood in the dark, astonishment paralyzing her. Had she slept with a Prince? Okay, maybe not such a prince given the way he had tried to fork over a wad of cash as she was leaving...she shook her head to clear it, knowing she was being unfair, he had wanted to pay for the damage to her coat. Or had he? It was too confusing and she could feel tears slipping down her cheeks. She blotted her eyes and went back out to the bar, June's husband had joined her and neither of them seemed very happy to see the other.

"You used to get me drunk and laugh at the consequences! You used to be fun!" June was saying. Rachel hid out on the other side of the bar, hoping they would take the argument elsewhere. After a few drinks they did and she was left with several business men discussing the latest financial issues, a beautifully groomed woman of about sixty five who drank Manhattans and read a newspaper, and a group of twenty-something's that Rachel's father had long since coined the term trust fund babies blues for.

She was kept busy all evening until her relief showed up and when she finally got off the clock and made it out to the bus stop her mind felt numbed by it all. She took out her phone and hit a search engine button. She hesitated, then typed in Prince Mathew. Instantly his face appeared, along with thousands upon thousands of article links. The first ones she saw were the headlines of his upcoming nuptials.

She stared at those words. Her heart ached but she had no idea why, he had promised her nothing, had offered her nothing. She had gone with him to his room willingly and had had a good time. A great time, she corrected herself. A hell of a great time.

Putting her phone away she took a long breath and blew it out. The night was cold and she wanted hot chocolate more than she wanted a ride home so she got up and walked a few blocks to a diner.

Matt stood inside the suite of rooms that had been his ever since he had returned from college. The palace was enormous and he could have gone years without seeing his mother and father, who lived on the other side of the rambling structure if he had chosen to simply stay away from that area. He didn't notice the opulent furnishings, the ornate surfaces and priceless works of art because his attention was focused on the desk and the papers that sat upon it.

He was tired, the overly long flight and the hectic schedule he had kept up since his return had worn him out. He had been kept busy at countless meetings to discuss the changes in the software arena, and he desperately needed rest.

There was a knock on the door and he pushed away the irritation and exhaustion and called, "Come in!"

Laura stepped inside, her platinum blond hair was artfully arranged and her ice blue gown was perfectly matched to her eyes. Everything about her was cold, hard and sharp. Her chin was severe, her cheekbones incredibly high and her manner flinty. He wondered if she would cut him to shreds when he touched her the night of their wedding.

"We need to talk."

"I'm aware that I'm going to be late for the opera." He said in an even voice.

"It's not that." Her slim pale hands came up and clasped each other, then wrung together. It was a gesture he had never seen her make and it caught his attention. "I...you see...I love..." her voice choked to a halt and, incredibly enough she began to weep. Not lady like tears either, harsh bitter sobs that echoed loudly in the chamber.

Stunned and surprised he did the only thing he knew to do, he went to her and wrapped his strong arms around her, "It's okay Laura. You aren't supposed to hate me."

"It's not you, I mean I don't hate you but I love...I love someone else!"

His mouth fell open. He was literally speechless for an instant. "You love somebody else?"

"Yes, and...and it's a woman. It's Hallie, my school friend. I don't want to marry you Matt, I want to live with Hallie and my parents are forcing me to marry..."

His laughter rang out clear and joyous. He tilted her tearstained face up and kissed her on her forehead. "Laura, you do what makes you happy no matter what. You should be with the person that makes you want to live, makes you feel good."

"My parents are going to be so angry." She whispered. "I'm scared."

"You could always blame me. Hell, go ahead, I don't really care." He took three steps toward the door, that huge smile still on his face. "Tell them that I called it off."

"Where are you going?" She called after him.

"To take my own advice!" Matt yelled back. "Paul! Paul, book a flight. I need to get back to America!"

Matt got to the hotel too late to see Rachel at the bar. Too keyed up to wait he had Paul bribe a bellhop to give him an address. He knew that the paparazzi were already waiting to catch him; the news that he had 'jilted' Laura had gone viral almost before his plane had taxied out of Heathrow. He didn't care about the cameras but he wasn't sure who Rachel would feel about them, or about the lie he had told her. The lie he intended to correct immediately.

He put on a dark coat and scarf, hid his head under a hat and went down the guests tunnel to where a cab sat. Jumping in he gave her address and sat impatiently looking out at the cityscape until they arrived in front of her apartment.

He knocked on the door and a tall man with sandy hair and a pair of far too loose cargo pants opened the door with a "Yeah?"

He had never asked if she were married or dating, he realized as he stared at the other man. Before he could think of anything to say Rachel appeared behind the man, her face paling in shock as she said, "You!"

"Yes, me." He tried to smile but the fact that there was another man there put a damper on his hopes.

Rachel looked at Kyle, at then at Matt. She slammed the door shut. He blinked and backed up and then the door banged back open. "You lied to me!"

"Yes, and I'm sorry."

"That's all? You're sorry?"

"Would you like to go get a drink and talk?"

Rachel bit her bottom lip, unsure of what to do. Seeing Matt again reminded her of the incredible, almost magnetic pull that he had on her, and as much as she wanted to stay strong she felt herself giving in.

"Give me a minute to grab my coat."

Walking to the closet she felt her heart racing in her chest. What explanation could he possibly have that would make it all okay? She was eager to find out. Pulling on her coat and scarf, she rushed back to the front entrance. Matt opened the door for her and stood to one side. When she stepped out he put his hand on the small of her back and her entire body tingled.

The weather was chilly but not yet the bone crushing cold that January and February often brought to the city. The wind boomed off the rooftops on Broadway but the throngs of people around them buffered them from the gusts. They stepped down a small side street, their footsteps clattering on the sidewalks. Windows showed amber light and the tantalizing smell of garlic wafted form a restaurant doorway.

Matt finally broke the silence. "I should introduce myself."

"I know who you are. June Whiles told me at the bar the next evening."

"I'm sorry that you had to find out the way you did," he stopped walking and turned to face her, putting his arm out to halt her. "I honestly didn't think I would see you again. I had no idea of how much I would want to, and need to."

"You know that guy back there in my apartment? He left me right before our wedding; you have no idea how much that hurt. You are engaged so what that says to me is that you either don't care about her and are going to walk out on your wedding, which makes you incredibly heartless and I don't want..."

"I'm not engaged anymore. That was never anything more than a business agreement between families. With you...with you Rachel, there's more. I feel more."

She stood there stunned. The meaning of his words filtered through and her heart gave a little flutter. The brisk wind ran against her cheeks and she shivered, he saw the movement and stepped forward, reaching his arms around her and drawing her close to shelter her from the wind. The heat of his body was irresistible and she slumped into him, smelling the expensive cologne on his neck. His chest was hard and his hands were steady as he held her.

She lifted her face and he kissed her, a soft little kiss that turned hard and demanding almost immediately. Her p**sy ached with need and she had to fight for breath. Her mouth opened in a soundless gasp as he bit her ear, then her neck.

"You feel the same," he panted and a wave of desire slammed into her.

"I don't know." She could barely squeeze the words out, her body on fire.

He leaned backward, only the gleam of his teeth and eyes readily discernible in the darkness. "You belong to me. Say it."

"I belong to you," she parroted. The words made her n**ples tighten painfully.

He undid the buttons on her coat slowly, not wanting to destroy another one. He opened her blouse and pulled her br**sts free from her bra, she wriggled against the wall, moaning from a mixture of cold and passion. His tongue licked at her n**ples and then he sucked them into his mouth, pulling hard on the tight buds as she braced her hands on the wall and tried not to fall down.

Matt pulled her skirt up and turned her around. She wore a set of scarlet boy shorts, the hem riding so high that he could see the lower halves of her firm ass cheeks. He pulled them down slightly, exposing her and the cold air hit her, making her painfully and acutely aware of how wet she was. The fingers of wind that ran over her were rude and painful, she gasped and shuddered as his fingers slid into her slick opening.

Matt wanted to f**k her right there but he knew it would be impossible, the cold would not allow it. Regretfully he withdrew his fingers and turned her around. He waited until her eyes opened and then he slid his fingers into his mouth, sucking her juices off of them. Her whimper rolled through the alley.

"Take your panties off." She did, without question. "Now we are going to hail a cab and go back to the hotel. You are going to keep your legs open the entire time, do you understand? You are going to walk with your thighs parted and sit that way as well. "

She didn't understand the reasoning but once she began to walk she did. Keeping her legs apart forced her to think about her p**sy. The cold wind ran up under her skirt and the feel of her skirt's material against her outer thighs was heightened. The fact of her p**sy was brought home, she could feel it, feel its heat and its wetness and its shape in a way she never had before.

Once at the hotel he took her up the tunnel to avoid the reporters who were lying in wait near the entrance, hoping for a glimpse of him. He didn't want anything to distract the two of them from that moment, tomorrow would come soon enough and they would have to deal with the media but tonight was theirs.

For the first time in her life Rachel actually stood still and appreciated the beauty of the Adams. It was almost impossible not to, the large penthouse demanded attention and appreciation with its massive floor to ceiling windows that took up one entire wall, deep leather furniture, stained glass skylights and gorgeous framed paintings. She felt apprehension start in her belly, how could he love her, want her? He was a Prince and she was...

Before she could let those thoughts ruin the moment he took her hand and pulled her to the windows. The entire skyline of the city spread out before them and she gasped at the sight. "Noone can see us up here; even helicopters aren't allowed to fly this close."

"It's beautiful."

"Not as beautiful as you. I want you to take your clothes off and kneel on the floor for me."

The request was odd but she didn't think about it. If he wanted her to kneel she would. She stripped hastily, wanting to be nak*d in front of him, and knelt on the floor. Her knees sank into the carpet and her arms lay relaxed at her sides.

Matt took off his clothes. At the sight of his hard body she lost her breath. His c*ck stood hard and rigid from the nest of dark curls and his hand came down to it, lightly stroking the shaft of it while he watched her face. "Come here."

She started to get up but he said, "No, stay on your knees."

The words inflamed her. She knew she should be ashamed but she wasn't. She wanted it, she wanted him. She crawled, hitching forward on her knees, ignoring the slight pain of the carpet rubbing against her kneecaps and shins. His fingers stroked her face as she looked up at him. A single creamy drop of pre-come beaded on the helmet of his cock, she stared at it, mesmerized. He rubbed it into his skin, lubricating it. She opened her mouth eagerly and he moved forward, just a bare inch. His c*ck touched her lips and rested there, she put her tongue out, licking at that swollen flesh. She savored the slightly salty and oily taste of him and her tongue moved lower, licking the sensitive spot right below that shiny cap, just where it met the shaft. She twirled it around, lavishing attention on the heavy ridge of vein, it pulsed under her tongue and when she moved back up, opened her mouth and swallowed him down her throat he gripped her head, holding her captive and thrusting his h*ps into her face with powerful movements that left her gasping for air and smiling all at once.

She pulled back, her tongue dancing down the belly of his stiffened prick to his balls. She took them into her mouth, licking at them and suckling as well, enjoying the way he uttered curse words between his teeth as she did so. She could feel the heavy weight of his balls tightening; he would come if she didn't stop soon.

He pushed her away and hauled her to her feet. She didn't have time to think, he bent her over the arm of the sofa and ran his hands over the curbed out halves of her ass, enjoying the feeling of them in his hands.

His tongue licked along the seam of her p**sy then downward, along the puckered crease of her ass. Rachel's eyes flew open, nobody had ever done that and she wriggled against the couch in a mixture of shame and excitement. His fingers slipped down to her cl*t and he circled it, she cried out and he responded with a tiny and light slap to her ass cheeks. She giggled madly, hysterically, as his fingers circled her cl*t and his hands slapped her ass over and over again. In between his tongue licked at the pucker of her a**hole. Too many sensations at once overwhelmed her and she exploded in orgasm, crying out, her legs jerking and kicking as the slippery juices poured from her p**sy.

Matt wasn't finished. He rubbed the slick fluid into the tight ring of muscle, opening her ass with a finger and her own juices. She cried out, her p**sy spilling even more fluid out as he slid his fingers deeply inside her and then used the oil to wet her ass. He blew hot breath onto the wetness, making her weep with pleasure. The nerves in her thighs and calves jerked and leapt as he repeated the process over and over until he was satisfied with his handiwork.

Her ass had loosened under the pressure of his fingers. He used two of them to thrust in and out of her, enveloping her in sensation she had never felt before: a strange liquid like heat. His c*ck nudged at the lips of her p**sy and she gasped as he entered her slowly and steadily while his fingers kept pumping away in her ass.

Matt had to grit his teeth tightly together to keep himself under control as he thrust into her heated tightness. The scent of her arousal marked the air and he knew she was going to come again by the way she tightened up around him. He didn't want to deny her that and he was close himself. He thrust harder, her ass jiggled and bounced, giving him clear glimpses of her pink p**sy stretched around his cock. Entranced by the sight he removed his fingers from her ass and watched his dick glide in and out of her.

Rachel began to beg, "May I come? Oh please, please I need to come so badly!"

"You remembered to ask. Good girl. Yes, baby, you may come." The words came out on a hard exhale and she felt his powerful orgasm inside her even as she came. The hard throbbing of his c*ck was accompanied by the warm slipperiness of his seed running into her p**sy and then down her inner thighs. She went limp, her face burying itself into the pillows of the sofa.

He withdrew and lifted her gently, leading her to the bedroom/ he laid her down and went to the bathroom, returning with a warm cloth. He cleaned her and then lay down beside her. "We have a lot to talk about."

"I know. I mean, it's nice, that you want to be with me but I know it's not possible. You're a prince and your wife would have to be a virgin, which I am not..."

"Oh if you were I would have fixed that." Matt laughed "And honestly, I don't care about being a prince. I care about being here with you. I could always abdicate, I have three brothers."

"You wouldn't!"

"I wouldn't what? Give up something I was born to for something I found that is far more precious? Would you care to bet on that?"

"What would you like to bet?" she asked breathlessly.

"The rest of your life."

"Deal," Rachel said and kissed him.

It was morning and Rachel stood at the windows looking down. All along the street news vans stood packed cheek and jowl. The cops kept waving them away and they would circle the block then jockey for a spot back at the curb that fronted the hotel.

The breakfast they had ordered sat on the white linen covered table, untouched. Matt was still in the shower and she was too nervous to eat. Terror clutched at her heart, how could she face that mob?

Her cell rang and she groaned, it was her mother on the line. She started not to answer it but picked it up on the third ring instead. "Hello?"

"Hello sweetie. Listen I know you have an early shift at the bar today, I just want to warn you about the cameras everywhere. They are stopping all of us as we try to come to work to try to ask questions. It made me late this morning!"

Her mother took pride in the fact that she had never been late or missed a day of work, guilt tugged at Rachel. "I'm sorry Mom.'

"For what?"

"Uh, what time do you and Dad get off today?"

"At five, why?"

"Uh... listen. Mom, I'm up here in the penthouse."

"Why would you be up there?"

She swallowed hard. "I'm with Matt. Mathew Winston."

Silence then, "The prince? You are with...why? Did he need a bar tender for a party?"

"No, I'm with him Mom. Like with him."

"You are with him? Oh dear...oh my..." Rachel cut in hastily, "Mom listen, Kyle was at my apartment last night when Matt came to pick me up I don't know if he recognized him or not but if he did that is why there are so many news crews and if he told them that he already told them my name too. And he may have told them you work here."

"I never did like him much."

The statement, delivered in a flat tone, made Rachel's mood lift a little. "I should have listened to you on that one. I am sorry."

"I have to get back to work, I'll call you later." The phone clicked off and Rachel set hers down on the table.

The shower ran on and Rachel got a nasty idea. She went to the bathroom and stripped, opened the door to the shower and got in. Matt turned around and smiled at the sight of her, her hair hung in long damp curls around her gorgeous face, her pale skin glowed with the heat and tiny beads of water rolled off of her br**sts.

He couldn't resist, he lowered his head to one rosy aureole, his tongue lashing back and forth across it. The nipple tightened and he took it into his mouth, pulling and tugging. The water sluiced down onto them, he had to wipe it out of his eyes. His fingers parted her labia, found the firm nub of her cl*t and rubbed it.

Her legs parted and she leaned back against the shower wall, her breath coming faster. Matt pulled her leg up, around his waist and thrust upward hard and fast, driving into her. His c*ck filled her, stretched her already slightly sore walls open and she whimpered, her hands coming up around his neck, cupping his nape.

He leaned closer, his tongue met hers and they kissed slowly and passionately. Her fingers ran along his back and he didn't flinch at the feel of her nails digging into his skin. His h*ps pistoned faster and she leaned back farther, raising her pelvis to allow him a better angle of penetration.

Their moans mingled as she began to shake and cry out. His mouth sealed hers shut, her hand gripped the built in towel rack and he drove into her one final time, taking them both over the brink.

"That's one way to start the day," Matt chuckled as she soaped up a cloth and cleaned him. Rachel giggled, leaving soapy trails along his thighs.

They dried and dressed in robes then went into the living room. Breakfast looked better to her and they sat down. She made him a plate first and passed it to him before saying, "I'm sorry but I think Kyle may be the cause of the craziness outside.

"Kyle?'

"The ex."

"Ahh, it doesn't matter if he is. The truth is this was bound to happen sooner or later."

His nonchalant attitude calmed her down. She looked down at the table, her eyes roaming the clean linen, unsure as to how this could all be happening - this dream.

"Please tell me you have a plan."

"I certainly do," Matt replied with a heated smile. "I plan to go down there and let them all meet the woman I love. Of course first we have to get you dressed. I love the sight of you nak*d but I am selfish enough to want to keep you to myself, at least that part of you. Now eat your breakfast."

She followed the order automatically. Her nerves were soothed by his kindness and the food. When he called the concierge and asked her to have a very expensive clothing store notified that a woman in his suite needed to be clothed discreetly it took no time at all for a rack of clothes and a grinning man to appear outside the penthouse doors.

At six o'clock Matt and an elegantly dressed Rachel stepped into the elevator. Her legs, showing below the knee length skirt, were covered in expensive silk hose and her body was clad in a modest and gray beautiful suit with a lovely emerald blouse below it for a splash of color.

Her hair had been twisted into a classic chignon low on her neck and her feet were in low-heeled pumps. She felt wonderful but when they stepped out onto the stairs flashbulbs and a babble of voices blinded her. For a moment her nerves failed her but Matt held her hand and she stepped into the glare of cameras with him, her head held high and her prince at her side.

This is how fairytales end, she thought. But for Rachel and Matt, it was only just the beginning.

