One

Jeremy Sunn stood next to the gazebo in the middle of the park and glanced around the festival to be sure no one saw him where he normally wouldn't be. Not on a Sunday off. Working undercover required patience, persistence, and... popcorn. He tossed a fluffy kernel into the air and caught the buttery delight in his mouth then eyed the Greek water-maiden statue.

The one he'd been lusting over for the past hour.

More like three weeks.

He'd staked out a lot of things in his undercover career with the BAD-Bureau of American Defense-agency, but never a woman for purely personal interest.

No one at the Festival of Emperors paid attention to him, probably because he'd dressed in jeans and a gray T-shirt instead of period clothing. Roman soldiers and women in togas hustled around trying to buy up the last deals of the day. The mid-July event drew traffic from across metro Atlanta to the historic square in Marietta.

And no one strolling past the water maiden in the last hour had noticed why that one statue was different from the other three, besides being the only female sculpture.

But he did.

Beneath all that caked-on makeup beat the live heart of a flesh-and-blood woman. One he had to get an answer from before heading back to work on Tuesday.

Hell of a way to squander his last day off for a while and ancient history wasn't his forte, but he lived only a mile away and she was worth standing here waiting for the festival to end. He hoped.

A simple yes or no.

One answer had the power to... eat a hole in his gut.

Sweat trickled down his neck but he couldn't be as hot as that water maiden posed silently amid three massive concrete sculptures of Greek gods.

CeCe Caprice just pretended to be a statue. She could go for hours without moving a muscle when she performed.

He could attest to how hard she trained daily at his gym in Marietta. Yep, every inch of that shapely body wrapped in a toga and posed with a baby doll also coated in white plaster was very much a living, breathing human... and one hot female.

That he couldn't touch, damn it.

Correction. Wouldn't touch. Not if he found out she really had meant to give him a "back off" signal yesterday after spending the afternoon planting some damn flowers in her yard.

At least, that's how he'd read her odd reaction when he asked her out to dinner. Now he was starting to wonder if he'd jumped to the wrong conclusion when she hadn't actually said the word "no."

He'd never pressed a woman for anything so he'd backed off. Quick. Then regretted it when he missed her for the past twenty-four hours. He'd gotten used to sharing iced tea on her patio for the best part of three weeks, had never spent that much time just talking to a woman. The females he met were only interested in what he intended to do to their nak*d bodies.

But CeCe had hung on his words. And laughed at his jokes.

He hadn't even kissed her or had dinner with her.

Twenty-four hours of no iced tea, no talking, and no smiles. He missed her. Couldn't get her out of his mind for one day.

A woman had never spun him inside out like this.

Lust used to be fun, and short-lived. Not obsessive.

Three weeks at home recuperating from a leg wound-a souvenir of his last mission-hadn't turned out anything like he'd expected. Limping to his mailbox the first day at home he'd expected nothing more exciting than his standard fan mail from bill collectors.

When the screen door on the rental house next to his burst open and CeCe strolled down her driveway, the first thing he'd noticed was the sweet belly button winking at him between a red half shirt and white shorts.

He'd thought one of his teammates from BAD had sent him a get-well-soon girl. No way could that little bombshell be his honest to God next-door neighbor.

His luck had never run that hot.

But she was indeed a new addition to the neighborhood. For the first time since moving there he regretted having to leave as soon as he healed.

CeCe had destroyed any operating brain cells he'd possessed the minute she smiled at him. Blue eyes had sparkled bright as sapphires tossed up in blazing sunshine. Every time she turned her head, he fought the urge to touch the wavy auburn hair that brushed her shoulders.

He woke up at night thinking about that thick mass spread across a pillow. His pillow. His bed.

But CeCe wasn't the kind of woman you spent a couple of steamy nights with then walked away. He'd be the first to admit he came by women easily only because the women he met saw him as nothing more than a short-term sexual buzz. Something to hold them over until the real thing came along. He'd accepted that for years as a trade-off for not having to spend his life entirely alone.

Hell, he wasn't long-term material. Not with his criminal history or his current occupation that required going back to prison on a regular basis.

And it wasn't like he could tell a woman he got arrested and thrown in the joint as part of his job description for BAD.

Which was why he should be looking for fast, fun, and forgettable instead of waiting to talk to CeCe here, the one place she couldn't disappear in her house and ignore him. He'd tried to do the same, to forget CeCe, but he'd spent three amazing weeks pretending he had a normal life because a sweet young woman shared iced tea and talked to him. She made him want a normal life. He just didn't know how to go about making it happen. Of all the women who had climbed in his bed, he'd never desired one like he wanted CeCe, and he hadn't even held her in his arms. Spending time with her felt too damned good not to try again to ask her out. To try to keep her.

No mission had turned his gut inside out like this.

He officially went back to work undercover in two days. Before that happened he would know where he stood with her. Had she turned down the date because she'd really had plans with her brother or because she wouldn't date a neighbor?

He only wanted a date. A dinner, movie... hell, he didn't know. Anything. Something.

But if CeCe told him no today he'd respect her decision and walk away... then ask BAD to relocate his residence while he was gone on the next mission so he wouldn't have to face coming home to find another man on her patio.

Popcorn crackled inside the bag he crushed in his fist.

Damn it, he'd never been in knots over a woman before.

"Hey, J!" a familiar male voice yelled.

Jeremy groaned. What the hell was Blade doing here? He stepped away from the side of the gazebo he'd been leaning against and turned to find Blade covering the fifty feet between them with long strides. Most people thought the skinny six-foot, four-inch guy got his name from having a body that moved through crowds like a black knife slicing water, not because he'd carried a switchblade since grade school.

After being busted in a chop shop raid and doing a stint in prison, Blade returned home to start a legitimate body shop business. Rehabilitating a cat not to hunt mice would be more realistic, but he'd been straight for a year and swore he was going to stay on this side of the law. His Denzel Washington smile, charismatic tongue, and ever present sense of humor drew women faster than bees to a hive.

Jeremy met him when they landed in the same cellblock in a Florida correctional institute after Jeremy got picked up for possession of stolen goods. BAD planted the merchandise and dropped the dime on him via a snitch so Jeremy could expose the identity of a nasty guy who had tortured and murdered three teens who refused to steal for him.

A dirty, but rewarding, job most days.

"Whatcha doing here?" Blade glided up in blue jeans and a red T-shirt sporting a motorcycle design. "This ain't your playground, dog."

"Boning up on ancient history." Jeremy peeked at his water maiden to make sure CeCe hadn't come out of her comatose state yet, but she hadn't so much as blinked.

"Speaking of boners, I got something right up your alley."

"That's not what I said."

"But it's what you're thinkin' about."

"How do you figure that?" Jeremy crossed his arms.

"Your eyes are open." Blade broke out a grin that destroyed any chance of staying pissed off at him.

Labeling Blade a "close friend" stretched the definition only because a true friend gave unconditional trust. Jeremy had learned at birth that anyone, even family, would eventually turn their back on you.

However, when it came to extending trust to someone other than Jeremy's teammates in BAD, Blade was that rare exception.

"Now that we've determined your state of mind," Blade continued with his line of trash talk. "Glad I spotted you. I got a sizzlin'-hot babe you don't wanna miss, right over there."

Jeremy looked in the direction Blade hooked his thumb over his shoulder. Two voluptuous smiling beauties dressed in costume were walking toward them through the middle of the park.

"Who're they?" Jeremy hoped his unchecked irritation hadn't come through, but introducing him to any woman right now was really bad timing. The last thing he needed was for CeCe to come out of her trance and see him flirting with another female.

But Blade noticed the smallest things sometimes and Jeremy wasn't ready to let him know about his infatuation with CeCe.

"That black diamond in the Cleopatra outfit is Cleo. She's mine." Blade waggled his eyebrows. "That redheaded seductress is Shelilah." He drew out the name Shuh-liii-luh in adoration.

"Shelilah? Is that even a real name? Did they have Shelilahs in Roman time?" Weren't all these statues of emperors from Rome?

"Details, details. Her name's probably Sheila." Blade beamed one of his on-the-move smiles at the women and lifted a finger for them to wait a minute then turned to Jeremy. "Come on, man. You're my lucky charm. These two are perfect. Right up your alley-hot women looking for some quick action then leaving tomorrow for Florida. All they want are a couple man toys for a night."

A disposable date.

Jeremy had been disposable from the first hours of his life when his mother tossed him into the closest Dumpster. He hadn't fared much better in all the foster homes after that. The only place that ever wanted to keep him had been juvie. He'd learned skills in there that put him on a path to fast money and hard time.

But all that stopped with BAD, or at least changed, since he now committed crimes only when ordered to for a mission.

Jeremy shrugged. "I'll pass, but thanks anyhow." He had only forty-eight hours left and intended to spend as much time as he could with CeCe if she gave him the green light.

This was his only chance. He could be gone for a week or a month.

By then, CeCe could be in someone else's arms.

"Are you crazy? What's wrong with you?" Blade growled and hooked his thumbs in the corners of his jean pockets. "I ain't seen you with a skirt in two weeks. Thought you were healed."

Three weeks, actually, to be exact. But who's counting?

"I'm healed." The wound in his thigh was sore but he could function. "Like you said, none that you've seen me with." Jeremy glanced over at the CeCe statue, no idea what possessed him to want a woman who said she'd just moved away from home for the first time. She had a quick wit and wasn't the least bit meek. Too sweet to be worldly or a quick fling...

"Come on, J. Get out of that damn funk you've been in. You don't come charm these women I'm gonna revoke your badass license." Blade grinned, which meant his devious mind was up to no good. "In fact, I'll tell everyone in the hood you done turned pansy-assed on us and can't get it up around a knockout woman no more."

"You bite, you know that? Let's go." Jeremy resigned himself to making small talk until he could find a way to get out of Blade's deal without insulting Shelilah and before CeCe left the festival, or saw him first.

Then what? Stroll back over to the statues when she came out of her trance and pretend he happened to be at the festival and, oh, what a surprise to run into each other?

Pansy ass.

SAM THE MAN clawed his way over a chain-link fence, dropped, and hit the ground running. Georgia humidity soaked his black open-collar shirt, his new one, damn it. He gasped for air, dodging between older clapboard houses just off the square in Marietta.

Quick glance back. They weren't close. Keep moving.

The neighborhood canine chorus grew with every yard he disturbed. Sam toed a foothold on a rear gate of one yard and plunged into an unfenced one, finally.

A rottweiler lunged, teeth bared, but the six feet of sturdy chain attached to one honkin'-big doghouse held while Sam sprinted past.

He burst from the narrow alley between well-tended aging homes and slowed to a quick walk. Cars were tucked bumper to bumper along both sides of the quiet side street. Shouts and barking from behind meant his tail was gaining on him. Time to make some serious mileage. He broke from the manicured yards thick with landscape and raced down the sidewalk. Clutching the photo card he had to deliver, he cursed the friend he'd trusted.

The friend who'd set him up.

But since no one could be completely trusted, Sam had taken the precaution of a backup plan. Never knew when a deal would suck toilet water.

Starface's two armed thugs hard on his ass pretty much flushed his day down the sewer.

Trusting the feds to come through in time had been a gamble to begin with, but maybe he should have set up the meet spot in advance. Now he was looking at bad odds, because the feds probably couldn't get to him in time. He'd sent a text message on the run for them to meet him in Marietta Square. The crowds milling around some damn festival there today would cover him long enough for the feds to snatch him out of sight.

But when Sam reached the square in sixty seconds he doubted even Superman could make it here in time.

He sliced across Church Street to where the crazy-looking event was winding down, the crowd thinning. He slowed to a fast walk as he entered the historic square, searching for a spot to hide his prize. All the tents would be picked up tonight.

Damn, no help there.

The smell of fresh popcorn fattened the air. He had to be careful not to draw the attention of off-duty cops working the event. They'd get him killed and probably a few of them, too. Sam zigzagged against a sea of teens bundled in groups and couples strolling, oblivious of any danger. Some of the patrons wore shorts but others were in togas. Huh?

A dumpy Caesar wannabe glared when Sam bumped the short bastard's bone-thin Cleopatra.

Sam clutched the tiny photo card, thinking. The feds would stick out like the Blues Brothers in this crowd if they were here, which they weren't. He needed a plan C at this point and slowed, searching for a safe spot to hide the memory card that was no bigger than a quarter. He passed an eight-foot-tall train engine replica packed with kids using it like a jungle gym.

Couldn't hide the card there. Rushing ahead between tents protecting displays of pottery and paintings, he passed vendors packing their wares.

Nowhere showed promise. Damn it all to hell.

He had to dump this card fast.

At the far end of the park he burst into an opening, almost taking a header into one of four life-size sculptures. The area had been arranged as a garden with white concrete-looking statues of Roman-like figures.

This statue garden offered him a slim salvation. For now.

Sam quickly sized up each sculpture. Which one was the best hiding place? He shoved his shoulder against the closest concrete emperor. That heavy sucker didn't budge, which meant whoever owned these would probably send a crew out tomorrow to pick up the statues with a crane when the crowd wouldn't be a problem. But this emperor didn't have a cut deep enough in the folds of his robe or in the rocky-looking base for Sam to drop the small digital photo card into.

Get caught with the goods and he'd die for sure.

Best plan he had was to dump the package then come back later to retrieve his property. Or hope the feds miraculously showed up to save him if he got nailed by Starface's men.

Worst case, Sam would buy some time if Starface did catch him-a real possibility. He'd only give up the card if all other options disappeared. Letting the photos and video stored on this memory device fall into the wrong hands would unleash a mob war like none before.

He'd be the first casualty.

Sam eased over to a statue of a woman with a baby and long tulip leaves sculpted around the base. Deep crevices in the leaves would hide the small plastic case. Perfect.

"The park will close in ten minutes," screeched from a speaker on top of a pole.

"Take care of my booty," he whispered and made a bare flick of his fingers to toss the card into a deep fissure between a leaf and a stem.

He breathed a heavy sigh of relief for five yards and scooted between two large panel trucks. A quick glance past the other side and he started to move.

Strong fingers bit into his shoulder.

Sam froze, then turned to face the ugly mug of Dorvan, who appeared to be in the running for "Bone Breaker of the Year." Dorvan's shorter sidekick kept his back to the two of them, obviously watching the area so no one overheard them.

"Where's the memory card?" Dorvan asked casually.

"I didn't get it. Things fell apart at the meet." Sam licked his dry lips, wishing he could cause a disturbance, but he didn't trust the police not to shoot him in an altercation.

"Starface won't be happy."

"Swear I don't have the card." Sam figured the feds would be all over this place in another five minutes. "Tell you what. Give me a day and I'll come up with it."

A click sounded. Dorvan jabbed a knife tip into Sam's neck. Sam hissed at the sharp pain. His day was definitely going to shit.

"Let's go somewhere you can show me you don't have it." Dorvan jerked Sam along by his collar.

Not the response Sam had been banking on. A throbbing pulse hammered his skull. He would be searched, right down to body cavities.

"THE FESTIVAL OF Emperors has now ended and the park is closing."

CeCe heard sounds as if they echoed through a long tunnel. A male voice talking a minute ago about... what? Now, a bullhorn-type announcement. Her thoughts bounced around until she realized she'd reached the end of her physical limit for standing still but her concentration wouldn't be broken. Discipline came from hours of practice... and growing up in a cautious environment. She never dreamed she'd get so good at this when she took up yoga two years ago to use as a mental lifeline.

Or that her new skills would offer her a way to support herself and a chance at a new life in a new location.

Drawing the first deep breath in almost two hours, she flexed her fingers from their stiff position. Sharp needles of pain shot through her numb limbs with each move.

Click. Whirr. Click. Whirr. Click. Whirr.

What was that? She rolled her head to one side, paused, then to the other side and wiggled her toes. Her skin screamed for moisture, a shower to wash away the white powder coating. Step by step, she eased her body out of the deep Zen state she'd entered to perform her routine.

"I'm from the newspaper. You can talk now can't you?" a male voice said.

Oh, if he was a reporter the sound must have been a camera.

CeCe stretched her stiff face and cracked open her eyelids. She closed them again then forced the heavy lids to lift, squinting until her pupils adjusted to the fading afternoon light. The matte finish makeup made blinking a chore.

"Of course." She smiled. Her voice always sounded rough after a long state of calm, but she loved this job.

And loved finally being on her own at twenty-six with a chance at a normal life.

"I'm with the Atlanta Journal-Constitution." A fortyish man in dark slacks, white collared shirt, and an Atlanta Braves ballcap over short hair stuffed his camera into a green bag on the ground then pulled out a pad and pen. He had kind eyes that matched the photo on the media ID swinging from the lanyard around his neck. "Mind if I ask you a few questions?"

"Not if you don't mind me moving around while I answer." She shifted her weight, loosening up her leg muscles, and felt the crack in the top of her base give so she spread her feet on each side of the center to keep from damaging the area further. She had to find someone who could repair fiberglass this week.

CeCe tossed the baby doll statue to the ground so she could keep flexing her hands.

A woman walking by stopped short, stared in surprise at the doll, then at CeCe, then seemed to figure it all out before she shook her head and continued on.

Normal reaction when a person saw a statue move.

"No problem. You do whatever you need to do." The middle-aged photographer had a notebook out, pen ready in his stubby fingers. "I took a shot before you woke up. Is that what you do? Sleep?"

"It's more of a deep meditative state I learned in yoga." Hours and hours and hours of yoga that offered therapeutic escape and a way to survive. CeCe stretched one leg muscle, then the other.

"Have you done this a long time and do you work for a company?"

"No. I've been doing this for about a month. I contract from a company called Double Take. They're in Atlanta. Will this be in the paper for sure?"

"Yep. Be in tomorrow's. I'm going to take a couple more shots of you while you stretch."

"Sure." CeCe smiled inside, thrilled to show the owner of the company she was an asset. She'd get a copy of tomorrow's paper for the owner of Double Take. In this troubled economy, the newspaper article would be free promotion. Maybe get a couple copies she could send to her family in Canada. All at once her enthusiasm bottomed out. Her family hated any contact with the media and had always warned her about staying out of the public eye, but she was now officially a nobody and living an anonymous existence in a new country. She just had to be careful with her answers.

No one here would recognize her since she'd been hidden away most of her life and the only way anyone would know of her family was if they were in law enforcement or were a criminal.

She avoided both.

The reporter lowered the camera to hang from a strap around his neck. "What's your name and where do you live?"

"Cecelia... Caprice." When would that name come easily to her so she didn't hesitate each time to make sure she said her full name correctly? She'd better get used to it. Besides, Caprice was her true last name, the one she'd had at birth.

"I live in Marietta," she answered. Along with some sixty thousand residents, so no significant details shared there. In spite of her new freedom, she'd been raised in a cautious environment and taught to divulge only specific information when asked a question.

"Has yoga been a hobby of yours for a long time?" he asked over his shoulder then clicked his pen several times, muttering something before he squatted down to dig through his bag. "Hang on a minute."

A hobby? Hell, no, yoga had never been something as simple as a hobby. She'd first started ten years ago, as a way to survive her mother's death and deal with the dangers associated with her family. The discipline had kept her sane in a world where her every move was orchestrated and every word had to be thought out and edited before speaking. Impulsive had never been part of her vocabulary, which hadn't been easy as hormones had taken over her body.

She wanted impulsive, damn it.

CeCe kept stretching and squelched a frown at the word "hobby," which reminded her of Jeremy Sunn, her sexy neighbor. He'd hobbled over to where she'd been washing her dual-cab pickup truck and hosing off her statue base the day after they met at the mailbox and asked if she statue-modeled for a hobby.

What was it with men?

Just because she didn't sweat and grunt at her job didn't mean she wasn't working. Did Jeremy think owning a gym was a real job? An image of that ripped body sweating and grunting as he lifted weights in the gym sent a bead of perspiration trickling down between her makeup-caked br**sts.

CeCe mentally whitewashed that picture before her camo makeup turned molten and puddled at her feet. She'd never seen him during the first two weeks she'd lived in the neighborhood, then he showed up one day, limping. He'd been hurt on the job but never explained how and she hadn't pressed him. Guys do stupid things when they get in a gym around other men. Jeremy might be embarrassed to explain how he got injured.

She'd decided to join his gym to do her daily yoga routines, but to be honest she suffered another hour of workout to see Jeremy a few extra hours a day.

For someone who had been a major flirt during that first meeting at the mailboxes, Jeremy was all business at his gym, polite to women and sharing a quick joke with guys. At first, she'd been grateful over the remote decorum he maintained there since she had to keep her distance from any man in public. But her gratitude slowly turned an evil green color when she noticed the other women ogling him and overheard their seductive comments about his beautiful body.

Yoga did little to smother her irritation.

CeCe had never enjoyed the freedom to flirt with a guy. Not if she wanted to see him a second time, which was why she made the most of her exclusive time with Jeremy when they were both home by asking him to help her around the yard and making him iced tea.

Anytime she was sure her brother wasn't expected to visit.

Her little adventure had been going great until she'd almost accepted a date with Jeremy after he'd spent yesterday afternoon planting pansies in her yard.

A breath before she'd screwed up and said yes, she'd heard a big sedan engine rumbling nearby that could have been her brother. In a moment of panic over her sibling catching her alone with a man, she'd rebuffed Jeremy with the excuse she had plans with her brother. Then her brother hadn't shown up after all. Talk about feeling like an idiot.

Jeremy had politely backed away.

But those vivid green eyes of his had dulled with the rejection. She hadn't seen him in a full day-a lifetime without his smile and rich voice.

She should have used her I'm-looking-for-a-husband spiel the first time they met, which usually obliterated any male interest for good and spared a man having to face her brothers.

The men in her family loved her but were so overprotective she was sure they'd forced one guy they hadn't approved of years ago to disappear. Yoga had become her life to combat loneliness, her only defense against curling into a ball of despair over feeling trapped. She doubted Jeremy would pass her family's test of "acceptable" men for her to date. They wanted her to find someone who was no threat, someone who would accept whatever she told him about her past and never dig beneath the surface to discover the truth behind the DeMitri family in Canada.

The minute any of them met Jeremy in person they'd know he wasn't a man to be easily fooled or controlled. They'd never find Jeremy selling furniture or running a grocery store. He ran his life and world by his own rules, a prime alpha male-not dating material as far as her brothers were concerned

She envied the hell out of him.

She'd have to bide her time another couple of weeks until Vinny-one of her three older and dangerous stepbrothers-left. He would, once she convinced him she was safe living on her own. When he went back to his wife and kids in Washington, D.C., she could finally accept a date without worry of interference. Until then, no dating and she couldn't let Jeremy know how much she wanted to be with him or what she'd really like to do with that buff body after hours in his gym, late at night with her favorite chocolate-amaretto sauce...

"Ma'am, did you hear me?"

"Huh?" CeCe blinked and stared, embarrassed. She'd forgotten the reporter.

"Sorry about that. I had a call from my wife."

She hadn't heard any phone ring.

He lifted his pad to write. "My last question was if you started yoga as a hobby."

"No, I committed myself to mastering yoga from the first time I tried it. Yoga requires dedication and discipline to reach a point of immersion so that you can stand without moving a muscle for hours." CeCe lifted one foot then the other, testing her muscle response before she risked stepping off the two-foot-tall base.

"I watched you earlier today and couldn't catch you moving at all. What's the longest you've been that still?"

"Two hours and fifteen minutes." She judged the distance to the ground where she wanted to land then moved her foot to take the step.

The base creaked. The crack shifted her balance. She lost her concentration for a second and wobbled but had almost recovered when a male hand appeared in her line of vision.

The hand had long male fingers and was attached to Jeremy.

What was he doing here?

What if her brother saw him this close to her?

CeCe was so busy looking for Vinny she lost her balance, flailing her arms.

"Careful." Jeremy caught her at the waist as she toppled forward. "I've got you."

That deep voice rumbled across her psyche with such assurance she fought off a sigh. Strong hands did have her.

She should have been relieved at his assistance, but her pulse ramped into high gear at being so close to Jeremy. Touched by him. Lean muscle filled out his six-foot-two body nicely.

Better than nicely.

She missed his warm scent she'd breathe in whenever he worked shoulder to shoulder with her in the yard. Smelling him this close was so much better. The women in the gym saw only a tall, blond male with sparkling green eyes. She saw the edge beneath his casual facade, the keen look in his gaze and the unyielding planes in his face.

This was a man with hidden layers and secrets.

Jeremy turned as he lowered her, handling her weight with an ease that confirmed he got plenty of return from his investment in a gym. She'd inherited her mother's five-foot-seven height, but not her mother's determination to keep her weight down.

Life was too short to pass up banana splits.

But she worried about his leg injury even though she'd noticed him adding a series of workouts on the leg exercise equipment this past week.

She stared up into a face that was a study in tanned skin over sharp angles. He'd been gifted with handsome lips that CeCe had felt only in her dreams. Heat swirled in those lightning green eyes, holding her prisoner.

Her lungs refused to expand.

Jeremy's fingers moved up an inch, touching her abdomen, and lit a slow-burning fuse for fireworks waiting to go off in her lower half. If he could do that just by holding her at the waist, she could only imagine what he'd feel like skin to skin.

What he could do with that sexy mouth.

When her feet touched earth again, she was close enough to get a whiff of his aftershave. He smelled masculine, virile... potent, something that could be called All Night Fantasy.

A wicked blend a man wore to lure a woman to a dark place.

She had a very dark bedroom and a few slippery fantasies to match.

"You okay?" Jeremy asked softly, then grinned.

Pure rascal.

What she wouldn't give for just one night with that grin.

When she didn't answer, his smile softened into concern. "Did you get too warm up there? Your makeup is smudging."

Too warm? More like she might combust if she didn't get away from him.

The reporter's face popped into view over Jeremy's shoulder, reminding her she had an audience.

Not to mention Vinny might show up.

"What are you doing here?" CeCe jumped out of Jeremy's grasp, flinching over the pained look that chased across his face for an instant. He'd never ask her out again if she acted like a witch. "I mean, uh, I'm surprised to see you."

"I was in the area." Jeremy shrugged, but his eyes narrowed as though he was cautious, and who wouldn't be after the way she'd just acted?

Damn it, why couldn't life be simple? Her reaction wasn't her fault. Just a safety precaution to protect him if anyone was watching. She didn't want Jeremy to just disappear one day.

CeCe held up a finger for him to give her a minute, then turned to the reporter. "Do you have any more questions?"

"Can you hear anything while you're in this deep state?"

A flicker of some man's voice crossed her mind. What in the world had he said? Take care of my booty.

She pondered for a moment before answering. "Yes, bits and pieces. I probably hear more than I realize, but the words may not register until later. Anything else?"

"No." He handed her a business card. "This will be in tomorrow morning's paper."

"Thanks." When the reporter left she turned back to Jeremy. "Sorry. I didn't mean to sound unappreciative, but I'm slow to come out of that state so I may be weird the first few minutes." She couldn't get involved with him-yet-but she didn't want to run him off either. Yeah, she realized that might sound contradictory, but she really liked Jeremy. Enough that she didn't want Vinny and her brothers to hurt him.

Which meant no dating right now. Surely Jeremy would give her another chance in a few weeks.

She flicked quick glances around them, watching for any sign of an aggressive Italian male built for championship wrestling heading their way. Jeremy was just as beefed up as Vinny, but she doubted he could take on all three brothers, which was exactly what would happen if Vinny, the attorney in the family, sent out a call to arms.

"That's okay." Jeremy's face eased back into happy as if he accepted her ridiculous excuse for acting like a Chihuahua on acid. "I'll have to get tomorrow's paper."

Idiot that she was around him, she just smiled, happy to see him. He had a rugged outdoorsy look, like a buff surfer with that white-blond hair falling to his collar. But she'd grown up around a pack of alpha males and knew when she entered the heat zone of one.

When Jeremy wasn't joking around, he had a powerful aura about him that warned others not to step into his arena unless they were up to the task. Some women might miss what hid behind the charming window dressing.

The wind stirred his hair in a loose and free way that made her wonder how he'd look in the morning after a night of hot sex.

With a body like that she'd bet on an endless night.

"You'll be famous," he added.

Reminding her about the photo brought her back from mental wandering. "I don't think so. How famous can someone made up to look like a statue be?"

"I'd know it was you even under all that makeup."

A tingle of regret over the picture and article inched up her spine. She didn't want fame and her family might not be happy that she'd talked to a reporter. Stop obsessing and don't overreact. Besides, it would probably just be a dinky article buried under weekend events. Her identity had been hidden under layers of caked-on makeup. And layers of Vinny's expert paperwork.

CeCe picked up the baby doll. When she turned back to her fiberglass base, Jeremy was studying it.

"You've got a crack in this thing," he muttered.

"Someone backed into my stand at my last event."

He lifted the sculpted base, not seeming to mind the white powder he'd gotten on his hands from her body makeup. "Where's your truck?"

"I have a hand cart to move that with," she protested, then took in his arched eyebrow and unrelenting expression to mean he only wanted directions to her truck. She finally pointed. "Over there near the theater. Last spot before the railroad tracks."

This was the first time he'd spoken to her since she'd given him a lame brush-off for his dinner invitation. The look of disappointment in his face had eaten a hole in her stomach.

Was a normal life too much to ask for?

One not built around lies.

CeCe walked companionably beside Jeremy, sneaking peeks at his confident stride and casual manner.

He almost seemed... shy? No way. Just laid back today.

Why couldn't she have a man like him in her life?

Because her family wouldn't accept a clean-cut upstanding citizen like Jeremy and she wouldn't accept a man they approved of, so she couldn't win either way.

Didn't mean she had to live like a monk, did it?

Jeremy placed her fiberglass base in the truck bed then dusted the powder from his hands. When he turned to her this time his smile made her swallow hard.

She craved this man.

A long horn blast from the railroad tracks entering Marietta warned everyone a freight train was approaching and would pass through downtown not fifty feet behind them.

"Look, CeCe, maybe we could..." Jeremy hesitated as if the words in his head were waiting for a sign of encouragement.

Long white guardrails lowered into place with warning bells clanging at a deafening level. Automobiles stopped on each side of the crossing. The ground vibrated as the lead engine raced by dragging a string of loaded railcars. Loud rumbling prevented any conversation for a few minutes.

Her heart jumped at the desire pulsing through Jeremy's eyes, the male interest he didn't try to hide. But if she let him finish that sentence they'd both be disappointed with her answer.

After a minute of metal-on-metal pounding the caboose blew past, sucking the noise down the tracks with it.

Jeremy opened his mouth to finish his sentence.

"Ah, gee!" CeCe snapped her fingers.

"What?" Jeremy looked as alarmed as she sounded.

"I just realized I'm going to be late."

"For what?"

Answering that question was going to give her nightmares, but she had no choice. "Drinks at a friend's house. She wants me to meet-" Just say it! Use the one line that would put Jeremy off for a couple weeks, because she couldn't keep doing this over and over. Say I have a girlfriend who wants me to meet a guy she thinks would be a good match for me. CeCe had been raised around lies. Why were these so difficult to tell?

Jeremy waited, expectantly. "She wants you to meet... who?"

CeCe opened her mouth to give the right answer, but instead said, "Her friends... she, uh, wants me to meet her girlfriends."

His face relaxed.

She accepted the stab of guilt that cut her in half over leading him on but couldn't bring herself to completely destroy the light of interest in his gaze. Not after three weeks of getting to know Jeremy. Three weeks of heaven.

She'd never laughed so much. Once she got him to open up, he'd shared stories of setting up the gym and the people who worked for him. It was as if he'd never shared those stories with anyone else. She'd never spent so much time alone with a man who wasn't family and realized she felt safe with Jeremy.

If not for her overzealous stepfamily of men who had sworn to her dying mother they'd protect CeCe, she'd enjoy getting to know Jeremy much better.

Jeremy opened the driver's door on her dual-cab truck where the interior was covered in plastic. When she gained her place behind the wheel amid much crackling noise, he leaned in the opening and said, "See you... tonight."

As if he meant to do exactly that.

Be still my heart.

Hormones were going to get her in big trouble if she stayed in that rental house so close to him. Vinny would never have approved the lease if he'd realized just what kind of man lived next door to her. The little old lady who owned both houses had assured Vinny her other renter-Jeremy-was a quiet man who traveled often and kept to himself.

A sweet guy who never brought women to his house.

God forgive her, CeCe had jumped on the speculative look in Vinny's face the first time he glanced over at Jeremy limping around his yard. She realized Vinny had made the mental leap that Jeremy was gay. CeCe did everything she could to keep her brother convinced her neighbor was no threat to her.

Vinny might not be so at ease if he ever met Jeremy in person. He'd recognize another alpha and figure out quickly that her attractive next-door neighbor was not gay.

Not by a long shot.

Oh boy, had she screwed up or what?

If her defenses didn't hold up Jeremy would be in trouble. Her brothers took overprotective to a whole new level and enforced a no-engagement rule with a .357 Magnum.

But she hadn't moved here to live in hiding the way she had at home. The minute she convinced Vinny to return home to D.C. permanently she would rush next door to invite Jeremy on a date that would end up at her house... in her bed... with her.

Until then she had to keep away from him.

Two

Jeremy wheeled his Tahoe sport utility through the side roads heading home from Marietta Square and trying to beat CeCe back by taking the quickest route he knew. He felt like a teenager with his pulse racing, but he intended to arrive home in time to unload her fiberglass base and find out if he'd imagined that bedroom gaze she'd just given him.

Maybe he wasn't the only one experiencing the attraction between them.

Maybe she wanted to give him a shot.

Or maybe he was just hoping that look she'd given him meant she wanted to lick him from head to toe.

All Shelilah had wanted was a set of skilled hands to stroke an itch.

When Jeremy politely backed out, Blade had shaken his head at him and led the two women to his car with the intent of appeasing both females tonight.

Jeremy didn't care. Blade could have all the women in the world... except CeCe.

Whoa, hold it. That smacked of sounding... possessive.

A date. That was all he was trying to accomplish with Cece, to start.

Swinging into the driveway of his ranch-style brick home, he parked, not wasting time to stuff his truck in the garage.

CeCe pulled into her driveway a few seconds later.

Jeremy jumped out and reached the driver's side of her truck bed in several quick strides. He lifted the base from the back.

"I can unload that," she complained, climbing out of the truck and leaving a dusty white trail. Her garage door finished opening with a groan exposing the single-car storage space cluttered with packing boxes that prevented parking inside.

Jeremy ignored her. "Where do you want it?"

CeCe sighed then pointed at a spot in her garage with a chalky outline left from where she'd obviously stored the fiberglass unit before. He carried it over and dropped the base into place. The overhead fluorescent lights flickered on.

When he turned around CeCe was standing next to the switch by the door to her mudroom. White-dusted hair fell loose from the twisted-up 'do she'd worn earlier. Sweat drizzled along her face and streaked the coating over her shoulders.

She'd wiped most of the makeup off her face, revealing her eyes and lips. "I look like a bad Halloween costume."

"No, you look... sweet." He stepped closer and used a finger to lift a lock of powdered hair that had broken free and pushed it behind her ear. "And sexy." She didn't move. He trailed the same finger down her neck and across her shoulder.

She shivered.

Damn it, he wanted this woman. She wasn't the kind of woman to date casually. For once, he considered that a good thing if she said yes, which was why he had to get it over with and ask her out. The sooner he got an answer, the sooner he'd either be in heaven or licking his wounds and leaving a day early for the BAD headquarters in Nashville, Tennessee.

The overhead fixture in the center of her garage flashed on and off, then made a sizzling sound.

"I'll have to get a bulb out of the attic," she mumbled, still not moving. Her eyes were locked on him, but he couldn't tell if she was daring him to take the next move or preparing to back away if he did.

"It's probably not a bulb." He lowered his hand. She might be more receptive if he gave her time to shower first.

She blinked, coming out of her daze to look at the light. "No?"

He angled his head around to look at the fixture. "Acting like a transformer."

"Figures," she grumbled. "Because replacing a bulb would be something I could do instead of bothering Miss Betty."

Jeremy smiled in agreement. He never bothered their landlord with repairs either, just took care of everything himself.

"I've got some spare parts from fixing one of mine," he offered, then added casually, "Why don't you get a shower and I'll swap out the transformer?"

The indecision in her face was beating the hell out of his ego. One minute she had eyes that called to him like a sultry siren and the next she was clearly backing up.

Then, bright as a ray of sunshine, CeCe broke out a smile that drew him in faster than a suicidal moth to a flame.

"That's a great idea. I'll get cleaned up quick." She'd clearly made some decision. The siren was back when she gave him a smoldering look that ran all the blood in his body south.

His c*ck twitched in response.

But did her response mean she'd go to dinner with him tonight? He had two days. Tick, tick, tick...

When she spun away and opened the door to her mudroom, he stopped her with, "CeCe?"

She paused and looked over her shoulder. "What?"

He didn't know why he had to constantly push limits, but that had been his nature since speaking his first words and Jeremy wanted a straight answer now. He couldn't take guessing any more. He had to know he wasn't misreading those heated looks.

If all she wanted was friendship, he'd fix her light and leave her alone. Forever.

"After I get this done," he said, pointing up at the lights, "you can see your girlfriend... or have dinner with me."

She chewed on the corner of her lip, another moment of indecision that rankled him so he decided to push all the limits at once. "Dinner... at my house."

Her lips parted in surprise then a clash of thoughts conflicted in her face before she finally settled on a decision that cranked up the wattage on her smile. "I'll bring the wine." She disappeared inside.

Jeremy stood there a moment, not believing she was really going to have dinner at his house.

Tonight. Alone with CeCe.

When the fog cleared from his mind, Jeremy jogged back over to his vehicle and pressed his garage opener.

He heard opportunity calling with her enthusiastic rush to shower. Jeremy was not one to pass up any opportunity that looked like CeCe Caprice.

DINNER... AT MY house.

Jeremy's words played over and over in CeCe's mind like a favorite tune.

She could have said no, should have said no. But all she could think was Why not if I'm careful?

When she finished toweling her hair she lifted a hair dryer then changed her mind. Drying the wavy mass never helped so why waste that time?

Cece brushed her teeth, smiling over her luck. He'd solved her dilemma. She hadn't wanted to risk inviting him to dinner in her house for fear of an unexpected guest-Vinny-showing up and couldn't very well have suggested to Jeremy she'd love to have a date on the condition of it being after dark and inside his house with the doors locked.

Jeremy would have thought she was psycho or way too forward.

She'd heard enough around the gym to know Jeremy didn't accept dates from female members who asked him and none of the girls she'd spoken with mentioned him having been in a serious relationship. Sounded as though he didn't monopolize a woman's time, which would normally be a positive trait for her situation.

What would it be like to have a man like Jeremy wanting to monopolize her time? Heaven.

Stop dreaming about the impossible and just live in the moment for once.

She leaned close to the mirror, inspecting her face where scrubbing the makeup off had left her skin red-blotched in places. She could take the time to put on new makeup once she told him she'd come over after dark. But if she didn't get back to the garage soon, Jeremy might finish fixing the light and go home. She didn't have his phone number and didn't want Vinny to show up with her standing at Jeremy's door.

Vinny would come over to meet Jeremy. Bad move.

She wasn't expecting her brother, but he hadn't been around the festival or at least she hadn't seen him. Her sixth sense warned her he was due to drop by unexpectedly.

Vinny was one of those insane people who got up before daylight so he normally stopped by early. If she orchestrated it right, she'd run out and get Jeremy to agree on the time then scoot him home before anyone saw him inside her garage.

She brushed her damp hair back and grinned at the mirror.

Tonight with Jeremy. She couldn't believe it. Chills skittered over her skin at the possibility of kissing him... just as an appetizer.

She pulled on a knit-and-lace top that stopped short of where her white running pants hit her hips. The lace was too much, too girly. Yanking that off, she dug out a powder blue sleeveless top, eyed it once in the mirror, and hurried to the garage.

When she opened the mudroom door to the garage, the last splash of sunlight had disappeared. She could just see Jeremy's hands moving. He stood two rungs up on a stepladder and was snapping the plastic cover back over her light fixture when her feet touched the cool concrete floor.

She saw him much better as he climbed down.

He'd taken off his shirt. Oh, mama.

"You're back in business." Folding the stepladder, Jeremy stood it against the side wall. He walked over to where she was glued to one spot and reached past her shoulder toward the light switch.

When his chest moved close to her face, she inhaled his scent and wanted to lean forward another inch to touch her lips to his skin. To taste him.

But she didn't move at all.

The light blinked on and glowed almost as bright as the smile he beamed at her.

What should she say? She sucked at casual conversation and had little experience intimately with men.

"I owe you one for that," she joked, then cringed at how stupid that sounded. "Thanks."

"Anytime." Green eyes narrowed in pure devilment studied her. "You look... refreshed."

She lowered her chin, glancing at herself like a dimwit who had forgotten what she'd put on.

The overhead light flicked off, leaving them in a dark garage except for the haze of twilight filtering from the dusty evening glow. Her eyes adjusted just as he touched a finger under her chin and lifted, drawing her gaze to his.

She ran her tongue along her lips and Jeremy's eyes sparked with heat.

One kiss. Just something to give her a little confidence for tonight.

Jeremy eased closer, soaking up her personal space without taking a step, and cupped her face. "About that IOU. Mind if I collect now?"

"I'm all for paying my debts promptly," she whispered, short of breath at the prospect of...

He lowered his head, gently touching his lips to hers. Slowly sweeping across in sweet nips then firmer. The tempo built, his tongue teasing, tasting her, asking for more one tiny move at a time.

She leaned into him. His long fingers spread across her face then moved to the back of her head. He wrapped an arm around her and she moaned at the feel of his muscled body when they touched. She wanted to climb inside that incredible body, feel him everywhere.

She opened her lips, raking his tongue with hers, playing. He tasted sensual, hot, and all male. She pushed her hands up the warm skin on his nak*d chest then reached around his neck, fingers driving up to fist his hair.

He held her at the small of her back, firm yet gently.

She ached to be with this man.

No way would one kiss be enough.

If the thick evidence of his reaction rubbing against her middle was any indication, she'd bet one kiss wasn't enough for Jeremy either. Talk about a confidence boost.

His lips pulled away from her mouth to torture the skin along her neck.

Even though the garage was dark, she didn't want to risk Vinny showing up and catching them together.

If she stopped Jeremy long enough to get inside the house would the moment be ruined? She'd been intimate with one man, well, actually a boy in high school. And he'd moved away five days later. She had no doubt her brothers had found out and spared his life but they made sure he left town.

Jeremy's hand stroked up her back and she sighed. He kissed her again, taking her breath.

She had to protect him, but his kisses were intoxicating her to the point she couldn't think clearly. The smart thing to do would be to stop this before it got out of hand and walk away.

But if she did, CeCe had a quick flash of worry she'd miss her opportunity with him. He'd keep asking only so many times before a man like Jeremy moved on. In spite of how much she'd tried to deter his interest and talked nonstop about nothing significant, he was still here and kissing the curl out of her hair.

Her heart thumped fast as a machine gun with the trigger pegged. If she wasn't careful Jeremy would walk away with her heart in his hands.

Right now, his hands were driving her crazy to the point she was about to forget her first responsibility-to get them somewhere out of sight.

CeCe murmured, "Maybe we should-"

The rumble of a large automobile engine approaching sobered her quickly. She recognized the sound of that heavy sedan and jerked her head back. "Oh, crud. You have to go!"

"Why?" Jeremy lifted his head but held on to her.

She shoved at him and glanced at the end of the driveway where Vinny's headlights shined on their mailboxes when he parked along her curb.

"It's my brother. Go home," she hissed at Jeremy.

The engine cut off and a car door opened then closed.

Jeremy's hands fell away and he stepped back.

His withdrawal bruised her soul. She whispered, "I'm sorry."

He started to walk past her and paused, leaning close to her ear. "I'm not." He pecked a kiss on her cheek.

When he sauntered out of the garage she just stood there. The outside lights controlled by motion detectors flicked on. But Jeremy didn't turn toward his house.

Vinny was lumbering along her driveway until he stepped around her truck and paused when the security lights flashed on.

Jeremy walked up to her brother and extended his hand. "Don't think we've met. I'm Jeremy, CeCe's neighbor."

CeCe couldn't breathe. No, no, no. Stay away from Vinny.

Her brother eyed Jeremy then sighed and shook his hand. "Vinny. What are you doing here?"

"Fixing her garage light and taking a look at her cracked statue base."

"If you fixed her light, how come it's dark in there?"

CeCe opened and closed the mudroom door to the garage. Then she flicked on the fluorescent lights, which shined brightly.

"This is great," she cooed, wishing she'd taken some acting lessons in school. "Thanks, Jeremy."

Jeremy turned to her as she emerged from the garage. "I already moved your statue base to my garage. Got a friend who owns a body shop. He'll fix the crack in the fiberglass."

She did not want to owe him any more favors. Not if it meant treating him so poorly every time her brother showed up. "That's nice of you to offer, but-"

"I'm leaving Tuesday morning on a business project that'll take a while, but I'll have the base returned to you before the end of the week." Jeremy nodded at Vinny with, "Nice meeting you," then walked to his house.

Not a swish in that butt.

"He didn't get fresh, did he?" Vinny stared hard at the house next door.

"Him?" CeCe forced a laugh. "He comes up with fresh ideas, like the other day when he helped me arrange my new flower bed." Jeremy hadn't even known the flowers were pansies or had a clue about planting them. But he'd smiled the whole time like he enjoyed himself.

Where was Jeremy going Tuesday morning? And for how long? A "business project" sounded like one of those long trips the landlady had mentioned.

"I dunno," Vinny muttered, unconvinced. Just as she'd figured, he started doubting if Jeremy was g*y the minute he met him.

"You're the one who told me he'd be a good neighbor," she reminded her brother.

"He don't look too swishy to me."

"How would you know? You've never been around g*y men."

"You got that right."

"Well, the ones I know from Jeremy's gym are all buff and very nice. Professionals who treat me with great respect..."

"Okay, fine, whatever. I don't need a lecture on being PC." He finally turned his attention back to her. "I got to leave tomorrow morning early for a meeting in D.C., but I'll be back tomorrow night."

She had to bite her lip to keep from cheering. One night, and a day, without a Doberman chaperone. Taking a breath to calm her excitement, CeCe said, "Sounds important."

"Family business."

She tried not to frown and hoped "family business" wasn't something not quite kosher going on. But she really didn't want to know what.

"You be okay tomorrow?" he asked.

Her heart thudded in her chest. "Sure," she said as calmly as she could to keep from piquing his interest. She'd have tonight with Jeremy. She'd be more than okay.

Vinny sent another sharp look at Jeremy's house but must have decided he posed no immediate threat to her.

She smiled. He had no idea the threat she posed for Jeremy the minute Vinny drove away. But that gave her just one night if Jeremy was going somewhere this week. Crud.

"Let's go get some dinner, sis."

What? CeCe let out a strained breath. Her libido was screaming, but if she passed on dinner without a good excuse he'd get suspicious. "I'd love to. Let me grab some shoes and I'll be right out."

She ran into her house, digging around for a phone book. What if Jeremy's number wasn't listed? Her cell phone rang. When she answered, it was Jeremy.

"Where'd you get my cell phone number?" she asked.

"You wrote the flower order I picked up for you last week on a business card with your number."

She slapped her head. What a dunce. "I'm sorry, but I can't make dinner. My brother asked me to eat with him to discuss something." Liar, liar, life on fire. Would Jeremy ask her to come over later for a nightcap? That's what always happened in the movies.

The silence that followed squeezed her heart.

"That's fine." Jeremy didn't sound like it was fine. "I'll make sure Blade gets your fiberglass base back by the end of the week. Bye."

"Bye." The phone clicked in her ear.

She couldn't believe she'd blown her chance.

SAM THE MAN shivered in spite of the muggy air still heating Atlanta at midnight. Every move he made hurt. Busted skin under his puffy eyes and cuts crisscrossing his chest still oozed blood. Threatening his balls had forced his hand.

He wasn't a f**king CIA agent for crying out loud.

If he hadn't been double-crossed he'd have delivered the goods without even getting his shoes dirty. The fool that screwed him was dead for sure. Only person Starface had ever kept around for more than a year had been Dorvan and even he was dispensable if the bone crusher screwed up.

Sam didn't give two shits about any of them. He hoped stalling just a little longer would give him one last shot at getting out of this alive. The FBI had to be in this area, searching for him. Had they scoured the area and given up, thinking he was gone for good?

"Where'd you put it?" Dorvan led the hike through Marietta Square where little stirred in the park area of the square just after midnight.

"Told you. In the goddamn statue." Sam squinted into the dark, peeking everywhere Dorvan's light stroked the terrain. But no hint of the FBI's presence registered with him. Come on guys, be here. He'd run out of options and finally agreed to show Starface exactly where he left the memory card before Dorvan got to try a new way to make him talk. Perspiration pebbled across his lip. Sam's new black shirt stuck to his skin where blood had soaked through and dried.

"Which statue?" Starface ground out the question, thick with threat.

Sam drew a painful breath. "Girl with a baby. Had a bunch of leaves around the base. Right over-" What the hell? "It's gone," he whispered, not believing. A knife poked his ribs. He flinched at the new cut.

"Look, I swear it was here," Sam babbled. "Dorvan, tell him. You stopped me right after I dropped it. Tell him."

The thug shined his beam over the area. "You know, I think he's right. There was a little statue right here." He shined the light over the ground. Grass was still depressed from the base. "Yeah, there was another one here."

Starface stepped in front of Sam. "Better not be f**king with me. You stuck it in a statue that isn't here?"

"I swear. I wouldn't bring you out here just to piss you off." Sweat rolled down Sam's face and dripped off his chin. A stream pooled along his bound hands. He swallowed, panting.

Starface appraised Sam for a moment, then nodded. "I believe you. Move out."

Sam's breath wheezed out in relief. He stumbled behind Starface who walked away from the square and down a side street then turned between two buildings.

"I'll get it back, make everything right, okay?" Sam offered. "Whatever it takes to make you happy, you got it."

"Really? Anything?" Starface stopped next to a Dumpster that smelled nasty where bums had pissed beside it. The star-shaped birthmark on his cheek puffed when he smiled.

Sam took that as encouraging. "You got it. Just say the word." He grinned, seeing a light at the end of the tunnel.

"Dorvan. Make me happy."

Sam's mouth opened, but Dorvan's gloved paw clamped over his lips. A sharp pain seared his chest where Dorvan shoved the blade deep. Double pain when the blade jerked out. Sam crumpled, his head bouncing against the gravel and dirt, throat gurgling. He tried to breathe, scream. Nothing.

Starface snapped his fingers at Dorvan. "Find that statue. Get my memory card. We got forty-eight hours to deliver it."

Sam stared at the empty alley.

The memory card with damning photos and a video... now someone else's problem.

Tears ran from his eyes. His heartbeat slowed. Each harsh breath rattled in his chest. Starface watched him, clearly waiting to make sure dead men didn't talk.

Screw all these bastards. Sam clenched against a racking pain and forced a smile at the a**hole just to worry him.

It worked.

Starface's confident smile lost shape.

Blood poured from Sam's mouth. He was drowning and couldn't say another word if it would save his life. He closed his eyes, prepared to wait for Starface at the gates of hell.

Good f**king luck to whoever had that memory card now.

JEREMY TAPPED HIS fingers on his chest. Sleeping would be nice, maybe even possible if he could get that kiss with CeCe off his mind.

Was she sleeping? What was she wearing? Anything?

He covered his eyes with his hand, listening to the ceiling fan swoosh around in a steady rhythm. She'd changed her mind the minute her brother showed up. That said a lot, almost as much as the fact she'd been clearly unhappy when he introduced himself to her brother.

Then the excuse for bailing out of dinner.

He'd been brushed off before. It just hadn't cut quite so deeply the other times.

His cell phone vibrated against the nightstand surface. He stretched across the bed, noted the time on his alarm clock was after midnight, and answered the phone. "Sunn."

"Jeremy? Did I wake you?"

He knew that sweet voice, but CeCe sounded distressed. "No. What's up?"

"I heard a noise in the backyard and... I'm afraid."

"I'll be right there." He shoved the phone between his shoulder and ear on the way up and yanked on his jeans lying across the foot of the bed. "Don't open the door until you know it's me." He hung up and zipped his jeans then grabbed his Walther P99 from the nightstand, heading for the sliding door to his backyard.

Cool air trailed behind him when he stepped into the humidity so thick he could almost carry it. He made a quick scan around his backyard that was still as a crypt. He leaped over the fence separating their yards and walked around until he felt certain nothing alive was nearby.

Before reaching her patio door, he shoved his weapon between the waistband of his jeans and his back then tapped.

The curtain inside moved, then the door slid open.

He stepped into the dark kitchen and heard her back up a couple steps. He could just make out her pastel robe-covered shape from a nightlight glowing in the hallway behind where she stood. "Are you okay?"

"Not really."

Jeremy moved forward then paused. "No one is out there."

"I'm still scared," she whispered. "Don't leave me alone."

The sound of her voice was enough to jack up his pulse, but he turned rock hard at the plea to stay with her. Good thing it was dark in here or she'd see how badly he wanted to take her up on that invitation.

He was worse than a dog.

She wanted comfort and he wanted her.

"Jeremy?" Her voice lowered a notch, husky. Just keep destroying his restraint with every word.

"Yes?"

"Would you hold me... for a while?" She took a step closer.

How was he going to do that and not touch every inch of her? His groin throbbed, heavy with desire.

But his conscience kept interfering. "How about if I promise to keep an eye on your house tonight?" In between cold showers.

"I'd really rather you stay here... tonight."

He could smell her fresh shower and sweet feminine scent. His senses sharpened in the dark, every nerve ending begging to feel her. The fine hairs along his neck lifted, warning him of a threat far more dangerous than a felon with a weapon.

If he held her close right now, she'd know exactly what he had in mind. Back off while he still could.

"Not a good idea," he warned on a tired sigh.

"What isn't a good idea?" She stepped close enough that their toes should be touching. His eyes had adjusted to see her better. She wore a long silky robe, something pink that shimmered when she moved. Wavy hair fell loose around her shoulders. The tiny heart-shaped face turned up to his with nak*d longing.

He wasn't even going to address her last question. "Go to bed, CeCe, before I do something we'll both regret. If you think I can stay here tonight and keep my hands off you, I'm telling you right now I'm not that damn noble."

"Fair enough." She lifted her hands to the front of her robe and let the sheer material slide off her shoulders to pool at her feet. "I'm not that innocent."

He should be dead, because this was either heaven or hell, depending on what happened next.

Three

CeCe held her breath. Please don't leave. A dinner date would have been so much easier than this, but that kiss in the garage convinced her to take a gamble with Jeremy when Vinny destroyed her evening.

She believed Jeremy would understand once she explained her situation to him. Just not right this minute. Maybe once they had a chance to know each other she could tell him a little about her life. She hated lies and didn't want to sleep with a man she couldn't tell the truth to.

But he wasn't saying a word.

She'd die of mortification if he turned her down right now. She'd never tried to seduce a man and if she didn't get her hands on Jeremy tonight her window of opportunity would slam shut as soon as Vinny returned tomorrow night.

And she'd lose her nerve.

If standing here almost nak*d in a short pink camisole top and lacy underwear wasn't vulnerable feeling enough, she'd just exposed herself emotionally.

Jeremy turned away from her and headed for the sliding glass door.

Her heart squeezed with disappointment.

But the door whipped to the left, closing. The lock clicked shut.

Then he returned to her. And stood very still, inches away, but so close he should be able to hear her heart pounding with hope.

"Jeremy, I-"

His hands cupped her face, silencing her next words when warm lips descended on hers. What an amazing mouth.

She was going to fold faster than a poker player with a bad hand if this was the prelude to what was to come. CeCe clutched Jeremy's waist then slid her hands up the warm skin covering taut muscles across his back. She'd almost fainted at the sight of all that sculpted body on display when he rushed in wearing only jeans.

Capable hands moved down her shoulders and behind her back, pressing her closer. His tongue brushed past her lips, sparring sweetly with hers.

She shivered at his touch, his strength and gentleness.

He was being damn careful with her. Did that mean he wouldn't go any further? She had one night if he was leaving Tuesday and wanted all of him tonight.

Then she prayed he wouldn't forget her while he was gone.

She hoped she wasn't making a wrong move, but she shifted her hands between them and climbed her fingers up his chest where his muscles quivered from her touch. That encouraged her. She grasped his shoulders and pulled herself up against him until she felt the solid ridge in his jeans.

He was definitely up for more than kissing.

She made one sensual rub, then another.

A growl vibrated from Jeremy. Heady excitement rushed through her at the prospect he wanted her as much as she wanted him. She smiled and ground her h*ps in what she hoped he'd think was a seductive way.

Jeremy reached down and scooped her up until her legs hooked around his waist, then his kiss deepened, demanding all her attention. He was so beautiful. Muscles rippled beneath her fingers with every move. He held her bottom with one hand and her head with another, his mouth refusing to give an inch, overwhelming her with his kisses.

She tightened her legs, sliding intimately against him.

Jeremy lifted his mouth from hers. "You better have a condom somewhere in this house or we're walking to mine just like this."

"B... B..." She couldn't think.

"Bedroom?"

"Yes."

He swung her around, moving with the stealth of a large jungle cat in the dark. His mouth found hers again, turning her insides crazy hot. When he entered the bedroom she blushed at the candles burning. Would he think it was silly or too romantic?

He slowly lowered her to the bed and brushed his knuckles across her cheek. "You're even more gorgeous in candlelight."

She sighed or maybe the room did.

"I want to see all of you," she whispered, tentatively.

Jeremy stood up, reached behind him, and laid a Walther P99 on the nightstand. She shivered at the smooth way he handled the weapon. Total confidence.

"I'll put this out of sight if it bothers you," he said, pointing at the gun.

She shook her head. "I grew up with guns in the house." In fact, Jeremy would be surprised to know how quickly she could break down and reassemble the one on the nightstand.

But right now she was more interested in the barrel inside his pants. "The only thing bothering me is you so far away."

He smiled and unzipped his jeans. Candlelight glowed across his golden skin, highlighting muscles carved to perfection. Not an overdone bodybuilder, but a modern-day Adonis with a powerful build softened only by honey-blond hair brushing his forehead.

When he peeled out of the jeans she lost her breath.

He'd dressed commando. Impressive.

Jeremy dropped down over the top of her, supporting his weight with his forearms.

She inched back at the untamed look in his eyes.

"Should have run when you could have," he teased. He moved farther on the bed, still towering over her, but paused as if checking to see if she'd changed her mind.

CeCe shook her head slowly and smiled. "I'm all yours for the taking."

A feral gaze lashed through those simmering green eyes.

He slipped an arm under her back and lifted her up, moving her higher on the pillow, then pushed her hands above her head to grasp the vertical bars in the brass headboard. "Don't let go."

Don't let go? She didn't dare ask why for fear of him stopping.

He ran his hand down her throat, over her shoulders, across the silky top barely covering her br**sts in this position. His fingers lingered, slipping beneath the material to trace a path around one nipple.

She tensed, waiting, but he didn't touch the sensitive bud.

His finger drew circles slowly down to her navel, then paused. He lifted the edge of her camisole and shifted the thin material back and forth across her taut n**ples. A fiery sizzle shot straight through her, erupting in a frenzy of wet heat that pooled between her legs.

She clenched, needing him to touch her everywhere.

The silk drifted back in place when he released it.

Her heart raced, anticipation taking her breath.

His fingers lightly raked the exposed skin around her navel then across the front of her lace underwear. His lips followed behind his fingers, kissing and nipping her skin.

He touched the inside of her thigh and slipped a finger under the edge of her panties.

She tensed, waiting for him to touch her most intimate spot. When he pulled the lace aside, he lowered his head and kissed her then ran his tongue across the fragile skin.

She gripped the bars and arched, crying out at the wave of pleasure that seared through her. He stopped before the sensation crested and kissed his way back to her br**sts.

"I want to touch you," she panted.

"Not yet, sweetheart." His lips grazed her abdomen, kissing lightly and murmured, "I love the feel of your skin. So soft."

He lifted her silky top, slowly, letting the material feather the tips of her br**sts again, then slid it over her head. Tears stung her eyes at the exquisite pain.

Then his mouth covered one breast.

She'd expected relief, not blissful torture with a razor edge. His tongue toyed with one nipple, slowly driving her mad. A hand covered the other breast, then his thumb scraped gently across the beaded tip.

She arched, shaking with need for more, but he kept her dangling on that painful edge.

Jeremy moved slowly up to her mouth and the kiss was fierce this time, consuming and possessive. His thick erection rubbed against her stomach. She lifted up, pressing against him until he hissed and lifted away. She opened her eyes to see the muscles in his neck corded, tense from the strain of holding back, taking this slow.

She'd waited years for this chance and didn't want slow and easy. She scrambled to think of some way to shake him up so he'd stop being so careful. "I'm... wet for you."

His whole body shuddered. "You're killing me," he muttered. He lowered his head and suckled her breast, then moved his fingers inside her panties until he pushed one inside her. She inhaled a sharp breath and moaned on the release.

He drew the wet finger out and caressed her folds, teasing the one spot where her body begged for relief. He'd barely touched her when she exploded into a thousand sparks, her mind and body screaming with release.

And he wouldn't let her stop until she collapsed.

"Good God, woman."

"What?" she panted.

"I almost came just watching you."

She basked in the thrill of his words since that's all her boneless body had the energy to do.

He stretched out beside her and ran his fingers over her face. She kissed his palm. He turned her toward him and kissed her, his lips sweet now, gentle.

There he went being careful with her again.

"That's not it, is it?" she asked.

His hand stilled.

She reached down and grasped the smooth skin stretched tight over his penis. He growled and clenched at the touch. Slowly, she stroked her hand down, then upward to the damp tip.

Jeremy let out a harsh sound. "Where's that condom?"

She sat up and shoved him back on the bed playfully. Her heart thumped in a wild rhythm. To cover her nervousness, she just smiled and hoped she could do this correctly. Reaching over, she opened the nightstand drawer with shaking hands and dug around until her fingers touched foil. She moved back to Jeremy and straddled him.

Then fought with the foil packet.

She was going to embarrass herself if she couldn't at least open the damn condom. Large hands covered hers. She met Jeremy's gaze, terrified she'd see him laughing. He didn't say a word or smile, just opened the package, tossed it aside, and handed her the condom.

The last time she did this with a boy-and he was a boy-who wasn't quite so well endowed.

CeCe drew a breath, then took her time sheathing Jeremy, careful not to move too fast and scratch him with her nails. He was so silent and rigid by the time she finished, CeCe looked up to see if he was okay.

A line of perspiration beaded his forehead.

"Is something wrong?" she asked.

"No." His voice sounded raw. "I don't think putting on a condom has ever felt so erotic."

That had to be the nicest thing a man had ever said to her. She smiled with a sassy toss of her head.

Jeremy hid his surprise over her flash of boldness. She'd shocked the hell out of him when he stepped into her kitchen and found her waiting for him like a birthday gift wrapped in silk. CeCe Caprice had another side of her he'd never have expected. He'd guessed she hadn't done this much and watching her fumble with the condom removed any doubt. He would bet she hadn't been intimate with a man more than once or twice.

What she lacked in experience she made up for with unbridled enthusiasm. But what had triggered this for tonight?

Why had she blown him off and now...

She lifted herself up over his cock.

He lost all concern about why and grasped her hips, easing her down and sliding himself inside her. He gritted his teeth at the ragged pleasure of being surrounded by her tight heat.

Her eyes widened with a range of emotions, from surprise to shock to pleasure, with each inch he lowered her down his shaft until she dropped her head back, tightened, and moaned.

If she kept that up, he'd be looking like the one with little experience. He'd never met a woman who exploded so quickly. Just a touch.

She leaned forward again, her hands on his chest and a wicked gleam in her eyes. Without a word, she lifted up then down. He gripped her h*ps and met her stroke for stroke, every muscle in his body holding back, fighting to make this last.

CeCe quickened the pace and gripped his chest. He moved a hand until he could tease her with a finger. She arched sharply, tensed, and came again.

The woman was incredible.

He stroked deep inside her, coming right behind her. The force of his orgasm lashed through him sharp as heat lightning. His body clenched with a last powerful thrust. Rough breaths shuddered from him. The blinding surge of energy slowly abated.

That had been pretty freaking amazing. Not what he'd imagined at all and he had a healthy imagination.

She fell forward in a heap on his chest. Chuckling, he wrapped her in his arms, unable to do more until he got his breath back. CeCe was one incredible woman.

She'd been nervous as a cat in a room full of rocking chairs when he'd walked into her kitchen, trying to seduce him when it was obvious she had little experience at inviting men into her bedroom. Maybe something important had come up with her brother that she'd felt took priority over a casual dinner.

Jeremy could understand that, even though he had no family. Never had. But why had she called him over here late tonight? Because he said he was leaving in two days? They still could have gone to dinner tomorrow. Unless she had plans.

In spite of this late-night gift, CeCe was no quick roll in the sheets.

She was a nice girl and sweet... and hot as hell.

Why question his good fortune?

Because he couldn't suppress a chiding voice that said this was all he'd ever be to any woman.

The contented sigh that slipped from her warmed his heart. He reached over and pulled the spread across her when she shivered. He'd rushed over here ready to take on any threat only to find she was the real danger.

She fit in his arms. The idea of keeping her there felt right. What was he going to do after this when he'd be gone in less than two days now?

He rolled her to the side and wrapped his leg over her, tucking her close. Unwilling to let her go now that he had her.

In the past, he'd spent a few hours in bed with a woman then got antsy, ready to leave. Not caring who his bed partner saw next. He'd had plenty of those encounters, but in fairness to both players all those women had been just as happy to treat him like another throwaway memory.

Walking away from CeCe wouldn't be so easy and he sure as hell didn't want to think about another man touching her.

CeCe was the kind of woman who would want more from a relationship.

He rubbed a hand along her back. The thought of having her to come home to felt... nice. He wasn't ready to get overly serious, but dating the same woman more than twice had its merits. If CeCe was willing to make love with him didn't that mean she'd want more too?

That she'd be here waiting for him when he returned from his next mission?

On the other hand, why hadn't she gone out with him before this? That question hadn't entered his mind when she was standing half nak*d in the kitchen trimmed in pink.

Maybe all she did want from him was sex.

He stopped rubbing her back, considering that possibility and dismissed it just as quickly. In spite of her temptress routine tonight, CeCe wasn't that kind of woman. She clearly didn't want her brother to know about this, but that wasn't so hard to understand when Jeremy considered her lack of experience with men.

CeCe was sincere. She wouldn't bring him into her bedroom tonight just to send him packing in the morning.

Four

If CeCe bent over and stretched in front of him one more time, Jeremy couldn't be held accountable for his actions.

He yanked the towel from around his neck and wiped perspiration off his forehead that had nothing to do with a vigorous workout he'd just finished on a circuit in his gym.

Nope, it was the erotic display going on across the room where CeCe faced a wall of mirrors.

His gaze strayed to where she'd found a corner to do her yoga exercises, but that move didn't look like yoga. She kneeled on the mat facing the mirror and raised her arms above her head then leaned back, way back, arching. Her br**sts stretched the pale blue jog bra tight.

Then she arched even farther and twisted.

Reminding him of how she'd looked once last night.

The worn denim jeans he was wearing had always been his favorite because they were so comfortable. But it was feeling uncomfortable and crowded as hell beneath the zipper.

Jeremy gritted his teeth and turned around to the drink cooler he'd been working on before his control snapped and he stormed across the gym to strip her nak*d. He'd run errands all day so he could come in late to avoid suffering through the yoga routine she did every afternoon without fail.

Like either of them needed a workout today.

He'd burned four condoms with her last night. Make that very early this morning.

Then she'd told him he had to leave before daylight.

Hadn't taken a rocket scientist to figure out why. So no one saw him. CeCe rarely left her house before late morning.

He sighed and hung his head. He should be used to that by now-having an attractive woman fawn all over him, share an intimate night, then shuffle him out the door before daylight like a dirty secret.

Jeremy lifted a screwdriver and started removing a metal panel on the cooler. He should be thankful CeCe wanted to keep things casual between them, but he'd been angry since stalking home this morning and his mood hadn't improved all day.

Maintaining the playboy image at thirty was getting old.

He'd thought CeCe was different, but she'd made clear what she wanted from him last night and this morning.

Why should he be surprised? She probably wanted an everyday Joe with a regular job who kept regular hours, which Jeremy had never done.

He'd never be a nine-to-fiver who could be expected to come home every night. Not when he left town on short notice to work undercover, and to make matters worse he couldn't tell her what he did for the BAD Agency or when he'd be back. Impossible situation. Which was why he should accept whatever came his way and not complain.

"Um, Jeremy, are you..."

He snapped around at the softly spoken words and found CeCe close to him. He took in the whole gym with a sweeping glance, checking to see if anyone was paying attention to where they stood. He avoided getting caught alone anywhere in the gym with a woman for so many reasons, the main one being that it sent the wrong message to the string of females on the hunt that paraded through this environment daily.

He dropped his screwdriver back into his toolbox and wiped his hands on the shop rag hooked to his belt.

"Am I what?" He crossed his arms and stood there, waiting to see where this was going.

"Busy tonight?" she said quietly.

"Maybe."

She folded her arms and looked away.

Jeremy hadn't meant for his words to come out with a bite, but he was starting to figure out what last night was all about and didn't like his assessment. CeCe had been jumpy when her brother showed up yesterday. Her brother had been flying out this morning and was probably the reason she'd kept her distance from Jeremy until now.

CeCe told him during refreshments on her patio that she had three overprotective older brothers. He'd caught her point that someone she dated had to pass their approval.

Her conclusion based on being shuffled off this morning? She thought he wouldn't measure up.

"Why do you want to know if I'm busy?" he pressed.

CeCe lifted her head, hope shining bright in her eyes. "I thought I'd cook dinner... if you'd like to come over... tonight." She'd pulled on a pair of black warm-up pants and a baggy gray sweatshirt that hung off one smooth shoulder. She fidgeted with the oversized sleeve. The wavy ponytail pulled high on her head flopped to one side.

She'd refused to join him for lunch today when he'd called her earlier, but meeting after dark in her house was acceptable, huh?

He had no self-control around her. If dinner went anything like what happened last night she'd be the main course.

Dessert would be her in that twisted yoga position. In the middle of the bed or on the sofa or kitchen table.

But where would that leave him tomorrow morning? Skulking away in the dark again?

When he didn't answer right away, she glanced around and fiddled with the cuff of her sleeve then lowered her voice. "I know you're leaving town, but I thought we could have some fun... while you were here."

Well, that cleared up any confusion he had over where he stood with her. Just his luck the minute he convinced himself he was through playing loose with women that he'd meet one who wanted no strings. At least, not from him.

He'd never stepped completely over the line from casual to caring, but he'd scuffed it somewhere with CeCe, which meant getting dumped later on was going to feel like shit.

So why make being cut loose later any worse by spending more time together?

"I don't think so," he told her.

"Why not? I haven't cooked a full meal since moving in and I'm not a half bad cook," she joked, but her eyes were tinged with worry.

Jeremy paused as one of the personal trainers walked past chatting on a cell phone. Then he speared CeCe with a no-bullshit gaze. "Your brother coming by tonight?"

"No, he couldn't make it back until tomorrow," she said excitedly then stopped talking and cocked her head to one side. She frowned as if she didn't understand why they were talking about her brother.

"I see." Jeremy hesitated to say more with so many people walking around behind CeCe to access the equipment in this area.

Her mouth gaped open. "Is something wrong? I mean, I thought last night was, like..."

The vulnerable look in her eyes and her pleading tone stabbed him to the core.

"...really nice," he finished for her. That was a lie.

Last night had been spectacular, had sucked him right in to thinking how much he'd like to wake up next to her every day.

She raked a hand over her hair, knocking the ponytail further askew, and hissed a sigh. "Then I don't understand why you won't have dinner with me tonight."

Now she was hurt.

Jeremy knew better than to change his mind about seeing her again, alone, but this was not the place to pursue their discussion. He'd handle it tonight.

"In that case, I accept," he finally conceded. "No reason we can't have dinner... as friends." No reason other than the idea of only being friends and not touching CeCe grated on him. After tonight they would just be neighbors. Not even that since he planned to put in for BAD to move his residence while he was gone. He checked his watch. "I won't get out of here until after eight."

"Friends, right," she muttered. Her smile faltered a little then she offered a conciliatory smile. "Come over whenever you get in. Late is fine." She turned to walk away.

Jeremy remembered something he had for her. "CeCe?"

"Yes?" She spun around, her gaze lit with interest that stroked a warm place inside him.

He cursed silently over how deep she had burrowed under his skin. In three weeks, she'd come to matter to him in spite of having spent most of that time in a platonic mode.

Last night had drawn him under her spell so far he would not walk away unscathed.

"Got a copy of today's paper for you." Jeremy reached over to where the newspaper lay next to his toolbox and lifted it. "Your picture is front page in the living section."

Her eyes rounded, then she frowned. "You're kidding."

What was wrong? "No. It's a nice shot of you. Nice write-up." He lifted the folded papers and handed her the section he'd pulled out.

She took the paper. Her forehead creased in a deeper frown. She finally mumbled her thanks and hurried off.

What the hell was that all about?

Jeremy rubbed his forehead. Women. The man who figured them out would rule the world. All he had to do was figure out one female and what it would take to get her out of his system.

STARFACE PAUSED IN wiping the oil from the barrel of his Smith and Wesson .357 Magnum and used his little finger to press the button on his Bluetooth headset. "You find the woman in the newspaper?"

"No problem," Dorvan answered, then chuckled. "Didn't have to threaten the first chump. Receptionist at Double Take took one look at my phony detective badge and coughed up everything I needed. She showed me a picture of the statue from Sunday. That's our girl."

"Sweet." Starface snapped the gun parts together. "Go get that memory card and meet me back here." He'd paid a man to secretly film and videotape a meeting between an ambitious Chicago family and a Russian organization planning to partner up then wipe out all the midsize crime family competition in North America. That memory card was worth a small fortune to Ziggy Gambino. The Chicago family had tricked Ziggy's people into a trap then tipped the feds to a major drug operation that cost the backbone of his organization. Ziggy had offered Starface a premium contract for evidence that would take down the Chicago leader. A sweet deal all around since Starface had been burned in the same sting.

Everything had fallen into place until Sam the Man interfered.

Starface had promised Ziggy delivery this week and Ziggy had no patience for hiccups.

Sam the Man had put his nuts in a vice by snatching the photo card. Sam paid the price for screwing with the wrong bastard.

Starface wouldn't be so kind to the next person who interfered.

CLUTCHING TWO ARMLOADS of groceries, CeCe stormed from her car into the house that had been the perfect place to live until Jeremy Sunn started driving her crazy.

What was all that at the gym about her brother?

Vinny called earlier to let her know he'd hit a snag and wouldn't get in until tomorrow morning. Which left her the whole evening with Jeremy again.

Great news. Right?

So why wasn't Jeremy excited about another night together? She'd told him how her brothers were an overprotective bunch. Didn't he realize she was trying to make it easy for them to spend some time alone?

Or did he think that she hadn't enjoyed the evening?

Or had he not enjoyed last night?

Juggling bags all the way to the kitchen, she thought back on how Jeremy had acted when she'd asked him to leave before daylight this morning. He'd been a little cranky, but she'd attributed that to his not being a morning person. He seemed to accept her explanation that her brother might stop by on the way to the airport and how it might be uncomfortable for everyone.

Mainly her.

Jeremy had dressed, kissed her, and left quietly.

So what was bugging him? Why had he withdrawn? Did he think she would make assumptions based on last night? She'd made a point at the gym of letting him know she wasn't trying to push him to the altar after sleeping together.

To be honest, she'd never push any man to the altar, but last night with Jeremy produced a revelation.

She wanted a man like him in her life.

No, she wanted Jeremy in her life.

And with a little patience from him she could be creative enough to make this work, but he'd have to agree to keep their relationship quiet for a while. At least until she could get settled here and figure out how to introduce him to her family.

She'd planned to explain her situation over dinner tonight, but now she was reconsidering after Jeremy's about-face in the gym. Guys had the strangest way of thinking. What had happened since this morning for him now to want to be only friends all of a sudden?

Was he backpedaling, worried she was going to cling?

CeCe shook her head and yawned. With Vinny out of the way, she had twelve hours to show Jeremy that he was more than a neighbor to her, but she'd have to rethink her original plan of laying it on the line with him. If she approached tonight wrong, Jeremy might back away big time at the first sign of anything that sounded too serious.

Opening cabinets, she started shoving cans onto shelves, getting more ticked off by the minute.

At everyone, including herself.

Her brothers meant well and had been her rocks of support since her mother died when she was in high school, but the men in her family expressed that love by smothering her.

Her fault for letting them.

CeCe finished shuffling everything into place then raced into the bathroom to shower, shave her legs again, and groom any other wild hair on her body. She attempted to tame her wavy locks as they dried and finally gave up.

Jeremy hadn't seemed to notice her uncivilized morning hair.

But then Jeremy hadn't even noticed the new outfit she'd picked up today just to do her stretches at the gym. He'd been more interested in that damn cooler.

When the familiar sound of a vehicle next door reached her, CeCe ran over to peek out between the slats of her blinds. Night had taken over the city. Jeremy drove his sport utility into his garage, then the lights went dark. She felt like she was sixteen again, watching for the cute guy in the neighborhood to walk by her yard.

But back in high school she'd been warned against acting on a primal urge to go out and flirt with a boy.

Tonight she intended to act on a primal urge that went way beyond flirting with Jeremy. She didn't have experience in holding the attention of a man like him, but she had one chance to pull out all the stops and find out if she could.

Spinning around, she strode over to her antique bureau that had one drawer filled with fabulous lingerie she'd been buying for a night like tonight. CeCe glanced at the pink robe lying across her bed.

That had friends written all over it.

Digging through the drawer, she shook her head at the pastel colors and paused when her fingers touched lacy red and black selections she'd purchased from an online store. Lifting two sinfully sexy pieces into view, she chewed on her lip.

If Jeremy saw her in this and still wanted to be just friends she had no chance of keeping him.

JEREMY SHOWERED, THEN pulled on a pair of jeans and shoved the wallet and cash he'd tossed on the bathroom vanity into his pockets. He'd finger combed his damp hair back off his face and strolled into the bedroom when a light blinked twice over the doorframe to the bathroom. Someone had tripped the silent alarm for his backyard, which meant he'd jumped the chain-link fence since his gate was locked.

It could be an animal but he doubted it since there was nothing to draw a dog or cat to his yard. In his line of work he took any intruder seriously.

Yanking on a shirt, he palmed his weapon off the nightstand. He opened a drawer where he found a pair of night-vision binoculars and moved silently through the dark house.

Years of living on the edge had taught him to leave the lights off anytime he didn't absolutely need them on.

He checked his security panel hidden in a kitchen cabinet, which showed additional sensors being tripped. Someone was moving through his backyard. Jeremy shuffled over and barely lifted the curtain aside where he could scan the pitch-black area filled with just two trees and patio furniture.

A stocky figure that might top out near six feet and moved through the shadows in a decidedly male way crossed his yard and climbed the fence into CeCe's yard.

Lucky for this guy neither he nor CeCe had dogs.

But the intruder's luck ran out at that point.

Jeremy checked for any additional threats before easing out the sliding glass door that opened to his patio. He vaulted over the fence into CeCe's yard and crouched all the way to where he found the sliding glass door open just enough to let a person pass through.

She'd probably left it unlocked for him.

He entered silently and paused in the kitchen. A deep voice rumbled low in the living room.

Much as he wanted to race in there and slam a head, Jeremy couldn't make a mistake that would put CeCe in further danger.

A rough male voice said, "You're Cecelia Caprice. Pretended to be a statue at the festival this weekend, right?"

"Y-yes, but I don't understand," CeCe answered as Jeremy crept forward. "What do you want from me?" Her voice went up an octave every couple words. She was closing in on hysteria.

Jeremy covered the last fifteen feet to the short hallway leading to the living room and paused again, peeking around the corner.

The bulked-up intruder held a weapon to CeCe's head. "Calm down. If you scream, I swear I'll blow your brains out."

Rage sheared through Jeremy like a honed razor. He lifted his weapon and stepped into the room.

Five

The intruder stood to the side of CeCe, who sat shivering on the couch. Wearing a red silk kimono might not be the warmest clothing, but she was shaking from terror of having a weapon shoved against her head.

If this was a mission for BAD, Jeremy would take the clear shot he had. There were plenty of reasons not to, but the only one that mattered was the danger of the weapon at CeCe's head discharging.

Jeremy pulled a penny from his pants pocket and tossed it down the hallway where the coin bounced against a baseboard.

"What was that?" the intruder said, eyes turning toward the sound.

"I don't know," CeCe whispered. "I live alone."

Indecision played through the perp's hardened face until he backed a step away from CeCe, pulling his weapon off her head.

Just what Jeremy had hoped for. He let the guy take a second step toward the hallway that brought him closer to Jeremy, who rushed him.

The perp's eyes flashed surprise. He hesitated in raising his gun hand just a second, long enough for Jeremy to reach him in time to knock the weapon away.

But that left Jeremy open for the left hook that felt like a sledgehammer when it clipped his jaw. He took the hit then came back with a right cross of his own, using his gun to slam the guy in his temple.

The intruder fell back against her front door and dropped down between the door and the end of her couch.

"Jeremy." CeCe had barely said his name as if she couldn't breathe for hyperventilating.

"Are you okay?" He gave her a quick glance while he bent to pick up the intruder's Glock and shoved it inside the waistband of his jeans. She wasn't screaming and her eyes hadn't glazed over with shock yet in spite of being terrified.

CeCe nodded from where she sat frozen. Her eyes zeroed in on the weapon in Jeremy's hand and widened. If her face lost any more color he worried she might pass out.

Taking a look to ensure the guy was still out cold, Jeremy stepped over to where CeCe sat frozen in place on her sofa, hands gripping the cushion on each side of her legs.

He leaned down and put his palm against her face. "Are you okay?"

She nodded, fighting to hold back tears.

He kissed her, just enough to give her some comfort. When Jeremy lifted his head he was heartened to see her shock fading. Giving her a task would take her mind off the fear she'd just endured. "Have you got duct tape?"

She blinked, clearing her gaze. "Yes."

"Walk around the far end of the coffee table and go get it."

The minute she exited the room Jeremy went back to the guy, whose fingers were moving. He'd come to in a minute. The intruder packed an easy two hundred and twenty-five pounds of corded muscle into black pants and a tight-fitting T-shirt. Thick ruddy brown-colored hair an inch long covered his blockhead and deep lines carved into his ugly mug. A scar made up of X's ran from elbow to wrist on his left arm. Prison cuts?

The guy shook his head and opened eyes that narrowed with hate.

In that instant, Jeremy saw something familiar in his face, but he couldn't place him. "Who are you?"

"Someone you shouldn't be pissing off," the thug answered.

"Hard not to do when that's my specialty."

The guy's arrogant gaze flattened. "You're f**king with the wrong person."

"I could say the same thing." Jeremy listened for CeCe who was digging through drawers in the kitchen, followed by slamming a drawer and cursing. His gaze stayed on this guy, who was too calm for being caught breaking and entering. "How do you know CeCe?"

Dull gray eyes stared then he shrugged. "Picture was in the paper."

"What do you want with her?"

"What do you think?" The perp grinned.

Jeremy drew on all his discipline not to shove that smile down to the guy's boots.

"Wait a minute," the intruder whispered. His eyebrows lowered over soulless eyes that pondered on something. "I know you."

Shit. He hated to be right some days. "No you don't."

When CeCe slammed a drawer this time it was followed by her footsteps rushing back to the living room.

The guy's face shifted from trying to place Jeremy to problem solved. "I do know you."

Jeremy would have liked another minute to find out how this guy knew him, but he didn't want that conversation in front of CeCe or the police. Just before she entered the living room, Jeremy slammed his weapon against the perp's head hard enough to knock him out for a long while.

"What happened?" CeCe hurried over to him.

"He lunged at me. When I get him rolled over, tape his hands," Jeremy instructed her.

When he had the perp on his face and hands behind his back, Jeremy nodded. CeCe tore off a strip of tape she slipped under the man's wrists and wrapped the length around and around with shaking hands.

"Tape his ankles too." Jeremy waited until she finished to send her to the kitchen. "Call the police and tell them someone broke into your home, but that he's contained."

She hesitated for a second, then rushed away and called. After turning the guy around and dragging him over to prop against the couch so they could get the front door open, Jeremy stepped into the kitchen.

CeCe hung up her wall phone. "They're on the way."

Jeremy walked over to her but kept his body where he could watch the intruder for movement. "Have any idea what he wants?"

She shook her head. "He asked me if I was a statue at the park Sunday."

That damn photo in the newspaper. "Someone in your office must have given out your address."

"They're not supposed to and why would he go to that trouble? I mean, I don't drive a fancy car or live in an expensive home and-" She paused in the middle of arguing. Her thought process ended with the realization of why a stalker would track down her home address. What color she'd regained flushed from her face again. "Do you think he came here to... attack me."

"I don't know." The guy didn't hit Jeremy as a stalker or petty thief. He was too professional feeling.

Jeremy ignored the disconcerting sensation that something was odd here and pulled CeCe into his arms before her knees folded. "It's okay. He's going to jail as soon as the police get here."

She hooked her arms around his neck and held on as if he was her only lifeline.

Jeremy hugged her and rubbed her back to calm her, but he had to do something with his weapon before the police arrived. He eased her over to sit at the kitchen table then crossed to the cabinets where he slipped his weapon onto a high shelf inside. During missions for BAD, he carried every conceivable weapon known to man, but when in civilian mode Jeremy was subject to the laws of this country that stated a prior convicted felon could not carry a weapon. Since BAD technically did not exist, he couldn't claim his felonies were part of his job and committed while in the service of his country.

He turned back to CeCe to find her gazing intently between him and the cabinet. "What are you doing?"

Jeremy considered what he could tell her on the way back to where she sat. He dropped down in front of her. "The gun belongs to a friend of mine who asked me to keep it for him while he was out of the country. I grabbed it when I saw the guy climb into your yard. I don't have a permit to carry. No point in complicating things."

She was still too pale and the skin on her arm beneath his fingers had chilled. Part of the problem was the skimpy outfit she had on.

"Sit tight." He got a lap blanket out of the living room, checked their prisoner, who hadn't made a sound, and came back to the kitchen. Wrapping the soft blanket around her shoulders, he leaned down and kissed her forehead.

"I'll get you some water." On the way to the sink, Jeremy glanced at the perp again. The more he studied her unwanted visitor, the more he thought he knew him. Not an encouraging sign considering what Jeremy did for BAD.

He'd like to go through the intruder's pockets to look for anything that would explain why he had broken into CeCe's house, but CeCe might wonder why he'd do that.

Plus, if this guy was some sort of professional he wouldn't be carrying identification.

Jeremy had just handed the water to CeCe when flashing lights pierced the sheer drapes covering her living room windows. Uniformed officers showed up at the front door by the time Jeremy reached it to let them in. He handed the Glock to the police, gave both officers a quick rundown of what happened, and told them he had defense training and got the jump on the guy.

The police replaced the duct tape with handcuffs and carried their perp out to the cruiser.

This guy's lack of ability to speak saved Jeremy from finding out if CeCe would have backed up his lie about having a weapon. He hated to put her in that position, but the only other option would have been to explain why he had a criminal record.

Couldn't do that unless he wanted BAD to come looking for his head.

The police took CeCe's statement. She hesitated once when they mentioned her having to testify in court. That was easy to understand. She was afraid to see the thug again, but Jeremy would pull strings to be with her when that day came.

An hour later, Jeremy closed the door after the last officer left. The intruder was on his way to the Marietta City lockup and bail wouldn't be set before tomorrow morning.

Jeremy walked to the kitchen where CeCe sat at the table, silent as a trapped mouse.

He didn't think the company she contracted from would just willingly hand over her address to anyone, but he couldn't find out more until tomorrow when Double Take was open. Right now, CeCe needed comfort more than questions.

Jeremy asked, "Do you want to call your brother?"

"No." She glanced up, eyes widening with fear, then must have realized how that sounded-like she was afraid of her brother. "He would pack me up and have me moved before daylight."

Jeremy couldn't fault her brother for that since the idea of bundling her off somewhere safe had crossed his mind more than once tonight.

"I-I don't want to stay here tonight," she whispered.

As if he'd let her stay alone tonight. "You can stay with me."

"What about dinner?" She gave him a shaky smile that teetered close to tears. "I'm never going to pay all my debts to you at the rate I'm going."

"You don't owe me a thing." He walked over to pull her up out of the chair. "But I won't turn down dinner together." He kissed her gently. "We'll order in at my house."

She wrapped her arms around his back, hugging fiercely. He hated that she was still so shaken by the encounter.

When she pulled away to look up at him, he saw hope warming her eyes. Hope that he'd go along with the idea of an affair behind locked doors?

If she asked him right now, he would deny her nothing. Seeing her in danger had vanished any thoughts of his earlier decision to break things off now before it was too late.

In fact, when he'd heard her life being threatened Jeremy realized it was too late to walk away clean. He'd have died a thousand deaths tonight if anything had happened to her.

Letting her go would be the final death of his soul.

She chewed on her lip, indecision warring again in her gaze. "I'm really glad you were here tonight and I don't want you to take this wrong, but I have to ask you something." Her voice shook nervously.

"Ask." He had an idea what she was going to say. She hadn't liked it one bit when he'd told her they'd have dinner as friends. He considered jumping in first to let her know she meant much more than anyone he'd ever considered a friend, but she didn't give him a chance.

"Is there a legal reason you can't get a gun permit, Jeremy?"

"WHAT DO YOU mean you couldn't get Dorvan sprung?" Starface adjusted the listening volume on his Bluetooth headset, not believing his ears. "It's nine in the f**king morning! They've had him twelve hours." He stomped around his apartment in midtown Atlanta. He'd been up all night trying to find out what had happened to Dorvan.

Now he wanted to know why one of the best defense attorneys in the Southeast couldn't get bail set.

"Marietta hasn't set bail"-his asthmatic legal counsel spoke in short phrases and a voice too soft to belong to the barracuda this man could be in a courtroom-"because the FBI showed up... early this morning." He wheezed softly. "They took Dorvan before the courts opened."

"When are they going to let him see his attorney?" Starface growled.

"Soon as he's processed. No telling how long... that will take." The attorney took a long pause then asked, "Why does the FBI want him?"

Starface wasn't sharing that information with anyone. "I don't know. Just get him out of there."

Dorvan was of no use and Starface needed that photo card now before Ziggy sent someone for his ass. He hung up and dialed another resource. When the connection was made, he picked up the notes he'd given Dorvan yesterday and told his new tracker, "Easy contract to locate a woman. She works for a group called Double Take. Find her today and I'll double your standard fee."

And pay him a bonus to take care of another loose end if Dorvan spilled his guts.

JEREMY WALKED FROM the bathroom into his bedroom wearing his jeans and toweling his hair dry. Early morning daylight bled through cracks in the blinds, adding to the soft glow from a lamp on the nightstand.

He stopped dead in his tracks.

CeCe lay sprawled across his bed on her stomach facing away from him, propped up on her elbows and engrossed in a magazine. That sweet bottom of hers peeked out from under the tail of one of his shirts. No underwear.

Have mercy.

Once he'd gotten her relaxed at his house last night, he'd joked with her about having dessert in bed only to take her mind off what had happened at her house. The last thing he'd wanted to do was make an overt move toward making love that might scare her worse after a man had threatened her at gunpoint.

But she'd wanted to make love with an almost desperate need he understood. To know she wasn't vulnerable. He'd let her take the lead, giving her what she needed to feel in control.

None of that would have happened if he hadn't figured his way out of her question about the gun permit. He told her he'd gone to jail as a teenager for boosting cars, had done his time and paid the price for his crimes, which he had.

Then he'd waited for her judgment and hoped she didn't ask more since the crimes he'd committed were the least damning entry on his current rap sheet.

She'd accepted his explanation and come over to his house, where they'd ordered pizza and watched movies until late.

Like a normal couple.

And now she should be fully dressed since she'd showered first, but no, she was stretched out on her stomach on his bed facing away from him. She casually kicked one foot up and down, preoccupied with the magazine she was reading.

He had to get her off that bed and completely covered up for any hope of leaving here without using another condom. "What time does your brother land today?"

"Vinny gets in late this morning," she answered over her shoulder.

That hadn't gotten her attention like it had last night when he'd pressed her about calling her brother.

She'd finally explained how her three older brothers would all show up on Jeremy's doorstep looking for blood if they knew she was here. Vinny had been designated to oversee her adjustment to living away from home for the first six months, but they would all take turns checking on her.

Now Jeremy understood why she'd run him out of her house so early yesterday. Not simply because she thought it would be awkward for him and Vinny. She thought if her brother had caught Jeremy in her bed Vinny might have harmed him.

He smiled to himself. He could deal with a couple of posturing brothers any day. "Aren't you worried about Vinny showing up unexpectedly?"

"No. He wouldn't give me the wrong flight information just to catch me off guard." CeCe rolled over on her back and that view almost sent him to his knees.

"You need to get dressed."

"I'm as dressed as you are, just that my top half is covered where you've got jeans on." She smiled, enjoying her defiance.

"It's not the same when your bottom half is uncovered. I've got a meeting in an hour." In total conflict with his words, his feet started moving toward the bed. He tossed the towel to the floor and dropped down over her, his knees on each side of her legs. He used one arm to brace his weight.

She reached up and hooked her fingers around his neck to tug him closer, then smoothed his damp hair from his face. Warmth curled through his chest at the impish smile she gave him.

"What are you smiling about?"

"How nice it is to be here with you." Her eyes glittered with so much happiness the room should be sparkling. "But if you're really in a rush to get me out of your bed..." Her words drifted off in a whisper. She shrugged.

Jeremy leaned down and kissed her. As if on autopilot, his free hand slid beneath the shirt-his shirt-covering her. He needed to feel her to know she was still here and real. That this woman wasn't dashing out the door with no plans of coming back.

That she wanted him as much as he wanted her.

When his fingers closed around her breast, she moaned. He caressed the suddenly hard nipple, drawing his thumb slowly across the tip. She arched each time as though all the nerves in her body were attached to that tight little bud.

Taking the kiss deeper, lost in her taste, he lowered his body until they were hip to hip. She rubbed up against the rigid c*ck inside his pants and he clenched his teeth.

No, he sure as hell didn't want to push her out of his bed, but he was worried about last night.

He didn't really have a meeting in an hour. But he had to wait for CeCe to leave so he could contact BAD to ask for a couple more days off, then have someone in BAD's tech department research criminals with a scar like the intruder's and crosscheck hits with Jeremy's incarceration history.

He had a sneaking feeling about where he'd met that guy before.

CeCe nipped at his lip, tempting him to forget about threats and research. Testing his control against spending every free minute exploring her body until her brother returned. But her safety was too important, so as much as Jeremy would love to use up another condom right now there was no time. He'd have to move this moment along quicker.

But not until he had her satisfied.

Like that would take long? He grinned against her soft lips, looking forward to watching her hit that high again.

Unbuttoning her shirt, he kissed her neck and along her shoulders. She sighed and smiled, running her fingers through his hair playfully. Her h*ps twisted slowly from side to side driving him crazy with each stroke over his erection.

When he moved his hand down her abdomen to slip his fingers between her thighs she made a desperate sound and opened for him. He kissed the creamy skin surrounding two pert n**ples then suckled one plump breast.

CeCe arched up, a guttural groan vibrating her chest.

Jeremy plunged a finger inside her and she tightened around him. Her thighs clenched. When he pistoned his finger in and out, in and out, her breaths came faster. Teething her nipple lightly, he pulled his finger completely out and stroked across the one spot that would send her reeling.

Three strokes and... liftoff.

She cried out and gripped his head, clutching him to her taut body.

Sweat broke out across his skin. He'd never get over how fast this woman cli**xed.

When the last shudder passed through her she flopped back down on the bed, spent and panting. He ached, seriously ached, to continue, but after the past two nights he knew continuing could go on for a long time with her.

His mouth sought hers. Kissing her had become as natural as breathing, and just as essential to his survival. He wrapped her in his arms and rolled until she lay on top of him. She broke the kiss, lowering her head to his chest. Soft waves of brunette hair blanketed his chest.

"We'll get to you... as soon as I catch my breath," she mumbled.

"That'll have to wait until later." He rubbed her bare bottom with his hand, then thought better of that and moved his fingers up her back before he instigated another round.

She huffed out a deep breath, reached up to place her hand on his chest, and shoved up. Her eyes tilted with a curious look. "Will I see you later?"

He pushed a handful of hair off her face and cupped her cheek. "Depends."

"On what?"

"Your brother, from what you said. If I had a sister that looked like you, I'd keep her away from someone like me too," he teased.

She leaned down and kissed his chest, raising her gaze to his. "But I don't want to be kept away from you. I've been letting my family coddle me for too long. I came here to build a new life on my terms, but I've let them control what I do or don't do. I need to make them understand that I'm capable of making my own decisions and that they'll have to live with my choices."

He feathered her hair between his fingers. "What sort of decisions... and choices?"

"Like choosing what kind of man I want to be with, regardless of my family's opinion."

"What kind of man do you want?" He doubted he fit her criteria and definitely not her family's, but he had to know just what he was up against if he wanted to keep her close.

"Someone honest and considerate. A man who looks at me like I'm his world." She cupped his face. "Someone like you."

He'd never had a woman look at him the way CeCe was gazing at him with adoration right now. Like he was her world.

"A man who could make me feel safe even after facing a gun pointed at my face," she whispered right before her lips settled on his. Her kiss was sweet and endearing.

Different than any he'd shared before. The warmth and caring in this kiss rocked him to the soles of his feet.

His chest tightened with a feral need to keep her in his arms and safe. He'd never spent so much time getting to know one woman. CeCe had become his friend first since moving in next door. That was new all in itself.

Yes, she'd become his friend first and lover next.

He didn't want another in his bed. Ever.

CeCe lifted her head, staring at him with her heart in her eyes. Everything about this woman was right up front and honest. No games or lies.

Jeremy didn't care how many brothers he had to face.

He was not letting this one go.

First, he'd have to explain what he really did for a living, which would be tough since he couldn't actually tell her about BAD. She thought he owned a gym.

The front doorbell rang.

She tensed, eyes rounded. "What if Vinny caught an earlier flight and that's him?"

"I'll deal with it. You get dressed." Jeremy kissed her on the forehead, lifted her to her feet, and sent her to the bathroom before he walked to the front door.

The person outside had abandoned the doorbell and was now knocking. Pounding.

Jeremy opened the door to what had to be two feds. He could spot them a mile away. "Can I help you?"

One guy with a thin line for a mouth and receding hairline reminded Jeremy of the Joe Friday character from old Dragnet reruns he watched on television as a kid. His sidekick was a little taller at six feet with his black curly hair buzz cut, his skin the color of charred wood. One lazy eye gave him a half-interested look.

Both men flipped their badges. Joe Friday's actual name was Special Agent Al Denton and his sidekick was Special Agent A. J. Quincy.

Denton asked, "You Jeremy Sunn?"

Jeremy nodded.

"You know a Cecelia Caprice?"

He nodded again.

Denton's eyes narrowed to slits showing no patience. "Do you know where she is?"

"Depends. Why do you want to know?" Jeremy wasn't handing her over without finding out what the FBI wanted.

"That's none of your business."

Jeremy crossed his arms. "Then I can't be of any help."

"Maybe you'll be more helpful when we haul you downtown and book you for obstructing an investigation." Quincy glanced past Jeremy, searching.

Jeremy would go with them and make one call to Retter, BAD's lead agent, who would hopefully find a creative way to spring him. "Hopefully" because getting busted by law enforcement for BAD was part of Jeremy's job description in most missions. This was a bit outside the parameters, but he'd gladly do it to keep CeCe out of the picture until he could figure out what the hell was going on.

Jeremy maintained a bored stance. "What investigation?"

"You're just begging to spend time in jail today, aren't you?" Denton threatened.

"I'm right here," CeCe said from behind Jeremy. "What do you want?"

Jeremy sighed. He had no doubt what the next words out of Denton's mouth would be and the agent didn't disappoint him.

"I'm with the FBI, Miss Caprice. We have a search warrant for your house."

"Why?" Jeremy asked since CeCe had gone rigid.

"Because she's a Canadian citizen and doesn't have a gun permit."

Hell, Jeremy had no choice. Besides he took the dive under the bus for everyone else, he might as well take it for CeCe. "She doesn't have a gun. I had the gun last night."

"But he didn't shoot it so is that a big deal?" she asked.

Denton smiled. "That's something we'll discuss downtown."

Jeremy turned to her. "Go home and wait until you hear from me."

"Actually," Denton interjected. "She's coming with us to answer questions about the man found in her house last night."

Six

So this was what an interrogation room looked like? The movies got the blank off-white walls and sterile feel right.

CeCe took a deep breath and wished she hadn't. A lingering odor of despair and fear clung to everything in the room.

Or maybe the fear was all hers.

She continued to sit with her hands folded in front of her, glancing from time to time at the two-way glass.

When the door finally opened, in came Special Agent Al Denton, the wiry man with no personality. His dark suit was stereotypical of what she'd imagine FBI agents wore, but that was only a guess on her part. The FBI was a U.S. agency and her family had always been in Ontario, except Vinny who moved to D.C. after receiving his law degree several years back. But he swore his work here was all completely legal so she hoped this didn't create any problems for him.

How could it since she hadn't done anything wrong?

"Can I get you anything, Miss Caprice?" Denton's hair had been black at one time, but the short tufts were peppered with gray. Nicotine clung to his clothes, wafting through the room when he closed the door and leaned against it.

She shook her head. "No thanks. Why am I here when someone broke into my home?"

"What do you know about Sam the Man?"

She frowned, wondering where this was going. "Never heard of him."

"What about Dorvan or Starface?"

"Nope." Her family had always said less was more. She wanted to ask who these men were, but Vinny said never show an interest in anything. The minute he got back to Atlanta and found out about this he'd want her packed and moved to Ontario before the end of the week.

No more. She was getting through this and staying put. Jeremy hadn't said it in so many words, but she could tell he cared about her. More than as a friend or neighbor. She wasn't letting her family run off the man she wanted to see every morning she woke up.

"So you're claiming Dorvan was just breaking and entering?" Denton pressed.

"Is that the name of the guy who threatened to kill me in my living room last night?" She'd asked that in as sarcastic a voice as she could muster but clenched her hands together in her lap to hide her nervousness. She'd learned how to verbally fence with the best of them after listening to Vinny over the years. But Denton's insinuation that Dorvan might know her raised the hair along her arms. Was he suggesting that Dorvan might be more than a sicko who had entered her home only to attack her?

As if that wasn't terrifying enough.

"Yes, that was the man arrested." Denton stood away from the door and crossed his arms. "And you didn't have any photos or videotapes he wanted?"

Photos and videotapes? "What are you insinuating?" She sat forward in the chair, hands balled into fists. "That I do some kind of p*rn work?"

Denton's eyebrows snapped down over a confused look, then he relaxed and shook his head. "Don't get cute with me."

"I'm not. What kind of photos?"

He studied her with a flat gaze before his mouth curved in a wry smile. "Okay, let's pretend you don't know. A memory card with photos and a video of two men talking, making a deal to join forces for a criminal... operation."

CeCe leaned back. Please don't let her family be connected to any of this. The DeMitris were no longer a major underworld operation since her brothers had started shifting into legal ventures years back, but dear old dad still had contacts and operated illegal gambling venues in Ontario.

She asked in a calmer voice, "Why do you think I have anything to do with this Dorvan character other than his breaking into my house?"

"Because of your consorting with a prior felon, for one reason."

"What? Who?" Her throat closed up. But she guessed where he was going with this.

"Your boyfriend, Jeremy Sunn." The federal agent lifted away from where he'd been leaning and took a step toward the table between them.

CeCe said silent thanks that Jeremy had shared his past with her. His honesty outweighed having a record as a teen and it was in that moment when he told her the truth that she realized how much she cared for him.

Her first thought upon waking up in his arms this morning was to rush home before Vinny came back.

But her second thought squelched that urge.

She was in love with Jeremy and she didn't love halfway. He'd stepped between her and danger last night. She'd protect him just as fiercely, even if it meant going up against her family she'd started explaining about this morning. As soon as she had a chance to talk to Vinny, CeCe intended to tell Jeremy everything. He deserved honesty too.

Giving the FBI agent what she hoped was a stony stare, CeCe said, "I know about Jeremy. He told me he boosted cars as a teenager and that he did his time. Don't turn him into some bad guy just because of that."

"Boosting cars?" Denton's eyebrows shot up. He belly laughed for a minute then stopped chuckling and stared at her. His eyebrows lowered in a sober glance. "You're serious?"

"Of course I am." Her stomach flipped over at the incredulous look in his eyes.

"Jeremy Sunn has a rap sheet as long as my leg." Denton was clearly not joking now.

"Jeremy has a record, like an adult criminal record?"

"Hell, yes. Not a secret since it's public record."

What? She couldn't catch her breath. Had Jeremy lied to her the same way her stepfather had lied to her mother when he omitted a few simple facts, such as that he ran illegal operations? Sure, her stepfather turned out to be a wonderful man who had adored her mother, but he still married her mother without telling her what he did for a living.

CeCe's mother had loved her stepfather but warned CeCe to not make the same mistake. She apologized for exposing a child to this life even if the DeMitri men had always taken good care of them. Her mother had made her promise to start fresh in a new place. Away from illegal operations.

I fell in love with a criminal? Pain squeezed her heart. CeCe wanted to pitch a screaming fit, but now was not the time.

She had to talk to Vinny and find out if he knew anything about all of this. For now, her brother's tutorials on law enforcement kicked in. "Are you charging me with anything?"

"Not yet."

"What about..." She had to consider the implication of asking about Jeremy.

Denton's gaze sharpened, but he said nothing, playing the silent bit, which was supposed to make her blather everything she knew. He had a long wait coming.

She shouldn't care what happened to Jeremy, but he wouldn't have been in this spot if she hadn't invited him over to dinner and he hadn't protected her. He'd stepped into danger without a second thought last night, which had made her wonder for just a moment if he'd had law enforcement experience.

Actually, he had. From the wrong side of the badge.

And, blast it all, she had to find out what they were going to do with Jeremy because she loved him and couldn't just turn off her feelings. He was the man she'd wanted to spend the rest of her life with up until a few minutes ago.

She'd deal with this new revelation once they got out of here. Jeremy had questions to answer.

"What about Jeremy?" she finally asked.

After a slow rise and fall of a deep breath, Denton answered her. "We're booking Sunn on felony possession of a firearm."

She stood up. "You can't do that. He didn't do anything wrong." Other than get involved with her and crush her dreams.

"Oh, yes, I can. This conviction could send him back to prison. And if we don't get that memory card with the photos, not even your stepfather and his sons in Canada will be safe from the underworld genocide planned by two powerful mob families, Miss Cecelia Caprice DeMitri."

JEREMY SLOUCHED IN the interrogation room's metal chair, giving the feds on the other side of the two-way mirror his usual don't-give-a-shit expression.

The feds had come after CeCe for the firearm permit when they knew Jeremy had been the one with the weapon. That had been an excuse to bring her down here until he admitted having the gun. Why bring her down once they got what they wanted?

Something didn't make sense, but Jeremy couldn't put his finger on it.

Denton had surprised him when he told Jeremy the guy who broke into CeCe's home was Dorvan, a bone breaker. That's when Jeremy realized he did know Dorvan, an enforcer who had teamed up with Starface several years ago. I'll keep that little discovery to myself.

Starface and Jeremy had been in the same penitentiary four years back when Jeremy had gone undercover to find the person inside who was behind a string of witness deaths on the outside. He should have recognized Dorvan last night, but he'd seen the brute only once during the six weeks he'd spent locked up.

Why had Dorvan broken into CeCe's house?

Denton tried to feed Jeremy some crap about CeCe knowing about photos on a memory card. What photos? Some pile of bullshit Dorvan was shoveling at the FBI?

Jeremy had a bad feeling Dorvan was trying to pull him into this mess, but he couldn't figure out why. The feds were playing a game, acting as though CeCe had some secret identity and was hiding information the FBI needed. That was crap. She'd been living in Canada before she moved here. How could she possibly be involved in this mess? Dorvan had to be pissed Jeremy had busted him and was trying to use Jeremy's prison record against him, claim some criminal association.

The FBI probably believed Dorvan and now they were trying to convince Jeremy that CeCe was involved to put pressure on him. But for what reason?

He refused to play their game. He stuck with what he knew, that CeCe worked for Double Take and practiced yoga at his gym.

Even if she was involved, which was impossible, Jeremy would never pass judgment without giving her a chance to explain first.

Too many people had done that to him over the years.

One of those who hadn't was the director of BAD, Joe Q. Public. The minute Jeremy landed in jail for this, Joe would have him moved to another facility and Retter would spring Jeremy during the transfer. As long as Joe and Retter believed he had only been in the wrong place at the wrong time. Plus, the rap sheet BAD had created over the past nine years was as much at fault as anything for sending him away.

Jeremy would give the feds enough to draw their attention away from CeCe to buy her time to get in touch with her brother.

He'd fall on the blade for her as an apology for what she hadn't known about him. Everyone he'd been arrested with had thrown him to the wolves at one time or another so he was used to being the scapegoat. He wouldn't blame her for turning her back on him and agreeing to anything that would get her out of here since he knew full well Special Agent Denton had told CeCe about his prison record by now.

That this trumped-up charge might land him back in prison.

But she'd give him a chance to explain, right?

He had more problems to deal with first. He thought he'd planned ahead for a worst-case scenario by keeping several text messages in his cell phone draft file. When he'd walked to the bedroom to get a shirt while the agents had waited in his living room, he'd sent a text to Blade to come down and bond him out as soon as he got booked to avoid contacting BAD.

That was before Denton made it clear Jeremy would have a better chance of winning the lottery than being turned loose. Once Jeremy could get a new message to Blade, he'd tell him to forget the bond, to pick up CeCe's fiberglass base out of Jeremy's garage, repair it, and return the base to her.

The more he thought on it, CeCe probably wouldn't want to see his face again. The picture of her disgust would gut him worse than mere anger. He couldn't dwell on that right now with no idea what they were going to throw at him.

Denton entered, flipping the door wide with a bang. "You're free to go." He wasn't happy about it.

Jeremy sat up. "What?"

"Your hearing bad?"

"Who sprung me?"

Denton scowled. "Your girlfriend's attorney. Guess it pays to be connected."

"Connected?" Jeremy didn't want to blow a chance to walk out free without having to involve BAD, but this just did not happen to him. "What are you talking about?"

The look Denton gave him was ripe with impatience. "Vincent DeMitri of the Ontario DeMitris. Cecelia's stepbrother, your squeeze's family? Any of that ring a bell?"

Slamming Jeremy in his solar plexus with a baseball bat would have been an easier blow to take. He'd heard of the DeMitris.

CeCe was part of a criminal organization?

"One more thing, Sunn," Denton said. "If I find out she does have the photo memory card we're looking for, you'll both be facing an indictment."

What memory card? Jeremy would ask, but Denton had dropped that little bomb for a reason, so he gave the FBI agent no response.

CeCe hadn't thrown him to the feds. She'd used her contacts to free him, but she was related to a racketeering family that had been entrenched in Ontario for decades. Jeremy knew a few things about the DeMitri bunch that had surfaced on a couple of investigations over five years ago.

He needed some time to figure out what the hell was going on before he contacted BAD. Joe and his codirector, Tee, took care of their agents and would send help if he called, but Jeremy didn't want to pull them into his personal problems and he wanted answers before he faced anyone from BAD.

BAD would eventually hear about this and that the FBI had found a member of the DeMitri family at Jeremy's house half dressed early in the morning.

CeCe wasn't going anywhere until he got answers.

ALL CECE COULD do was put one foot in front of the other and keep pace with Vinny's long stride toward the exit. Anger boiled off him like an invisible steam. She understood. More than being angry about the mess she was in, Vinny felt as though he'd failed her. He'd been all business the minute he walked into the interrogation room. She'd had to admit he was damn good at what he did.

She'd just never expected to need his services.

Vinny stepped ahead of her and opened the glass doors. She followed him into a gloomy overcast day that matched her mood.

Ten paces down the walkway she heard, "CeCe, wait up."

Vinny stiffened next to her, but she'd made a decision last night to stop letting everyone tell her how to live. Her family was going to have to accept her decisions, just as Jeremy would have to.

And she had to take responsibility for anything she did.

CeCe put a hand on Vinny's arm. "I need to talk to him." She turned around to find Jeremy closing in on her. She'd expected anger, but the disappointment ringing his gaze struck her harder than anger ever could have.

A strong breeze lifted the hem of her jacket, which she smoothed back in place. She'd run home and changed to a conservative pants suit before leaving with the FBI agents. Squaring her shoulders, she walked away from Vinny to meet Jeremy halfway.

"We need to talk," Jeremy started.

"No, I need to go pack up my house and move." She stood her ground, struggling not to give credit to the pain in his eyes. She'd changed her mind about asking Jeremy anything after walking out of the interrogation room. There was nothing he could say that would magically fix all this. Instead, she pointed out, "I asked you about your past."

Jeremy shook his head and released a snort of disbelief. "You're condemning me for having a record when you're a member of the DeMitri family?"

At that barked reply, Vinny pounded up next to CeCe who glared at him. "As her attorney, I'm advising her not to talk to you."

"As her attorney or her brother?" Jeremy snapped right back, anger boosting his sarcastic tone.

Before she could speak, Vinny added in a low and controlled voice, "As her brother, I'm advising you to walk away and never speak to her again if you like the way your face looks."

"Bring it on."

Vinny's chest expanded with a breath of fury. "Back down, a**hole."

"I'll back down if and when CeCe tells me to. Not for you or a hundred brothers just like you."

CeCe realized in that moment that Jeremy would not let anything or anyone stop him from getting to her when he was determined. That was the man she wanted. How could she love him so much when the same heart felt like it was tearing down the middle?

"Vinny, give me a minute, would you?" she asked. Wind batted loose hair around her face. She swiped a handful behind her ear and waited for her brother to move back, then she swung around to Jeremy. Before she could vent, Jeremy got in the first shot.

"You said you were all about honesty, but you didn't say a word about being part of the DeMitri organization."

CeCe jerked back at the accusation in his voice. "I'm not part of the organization. My mother married into the DeMitri family and I'm not going to apologize for that because they've always loved me like a sister and daughter. They understood when I moved here that it wasn't because I didn't love them. I just didn't love what they did. As for honesty, you didn't tell me you had an adult record and I asked you point blank."

"I told you-"

"-about a boosting conviction as a teenager." She fisted her hands at her hips. "Do you or do you not have a string of convictions that you've spent time in prison for?"

Jeremy locked his jaw shut to keep from trying to explain. He couldn't tell her how he'd amassed a criminal track record just for BAD or that since signing on with the agency he hadn't gotten a traffic ticket unless BAD had orchestrated the offense for a mission.

"Yes, and I can explain, but not right now," Jeremy admitted softly.

CeCe's throat muscles moved when she swallowed. Her bottom lip trembled until she clenched her jaw. "I moved here to get away from a life built on lies. And for your information the DeMitri men are good citizens, changing things in the organization-"

"That's enough, CeCe," Vinny interjected.

She nodded and glanced back up at Jeremy. "How can you expect me to understand any of this if you can't tell me the truth now? I didn't want to be around cr-" She stopped short before the next word came rolling out.

"Criminals," Jeremy finished for her. "I did my time and continue to pay my dues every day. You believe the men in your family are decent upstanding citizens but not me?"

"I'm not saying that..."

"But you're leaving... me."

"I don't want to live around... someone who can't tell me the truth." She lowered her eyes to her hands, unable to take any more of his tortured gaze.

"I never lied to you." Technically. He'd withheld some things, but he'd intended to explain more to her once he figured out how to do it and not expose BAD.

"Keeping something important from me is lying by omission."

"I can make the same accusation."

She nodded. "For what it's worth, I planned to explain everything... if..."

"If we stayed together." Jeremy checked to see that Vinny was still ten feet back then lowered his voice so that only CeCe heard his words. "You're right. I did keep something from you just like you kept things from me. But the difference is that I understand why you did and am willing to give you a chance to explain."

When she sucked her bottom lip in and didn't answer he took a fist to the heart. "I did withhold some things, but I need you to know one very important detail. I care about you, CeCe, and would never involve you in anything criminal or let anyone hurt you. I can explain everything on my record but, like I said, not right now."

Silence spun between them with a swirling wind that tossed her hair back and forth around her delicate shoulders.

He held his breath, begging for a break. Just once.

Tears clung to her eyelashes but not a one fell. "It's probably best that we don't speak again."

Her dismissal smashed that flickering hope he'd been clinging to. Hurt clawed up his chest and churned into anger, but he wouldn't unleash that on CeCe. He could never hurt her.

And she was still at risk until he figured out what was going on with Dorvan and Starface. Jeremy shoved his emotions into that dark hole they should have stayed in and dropped his professional mask into place.

"What do you know about the photo card the FBI is looking for?" he asked.

"Nothing."

He glanced over her shoulder at Vinny. CeCe followed his gaze then snapped her head back to face Jeremy.

She lifted her clenched fists and her chin, ready for battle. "My family is not involved in this. Vinny told me so."

What Jeremy wouldn't give for a woman who would stand up as confidently in support of him. He placed his hands gently over hers and said, "I believe you."

All the bluster dissipated at his easy acceptance. She opened her mouth as though she wanted to say something, but her brother's patience had expired.

"Let's go, CeCe." Vinny walked up and gently took her arm, tossing a brotherly warning glare at Jeremy.

CeCe glanced over her shoulder at Jeremy, telling him with one look how disappointed she was... in him. He couldn't get a word past the lump in his throat so he said nothing as she moved away with Vinny.

"Ready to go, J?" Blade strolled up.

"Sure." Jeremy swung around and followed Blade, sorting through all the facts and the unknown as he walked. He wanted to figure out what was going on with the feds before he left town to rejoin BAD. Blade might be able to help. "You know anything about a guy called Dorvan?"

Blade scratched his chin and stopped at the driver's side of his customized silver-blue Corvette that had started out as a 1972 model. "Not really."

Jeremy climbed in and waited to continue until Blade had cranked the engine and exited from the parking lot, just ahead of Vinny's dark sedan.

"You in a jam with this Dorvan, J?"

"I don't know," Jeremy admitted. "What about a guy named Starface? Has a birthmark shaped something like a star on the left side of his face."

"Funny you should mention him. Heard something on that one just yesterday." Blade leaned back, his long arms easily reaching the steering wheel. "He's in town for a score of some sort."

"Drugs?"

"Naw." Blade merged into Atlanta traffic heading north of Clairmont Road on Interstate 85. "Nobody knows. Just happened to hear about him because of word that Ziggy Gambino has men here ahead of his arriving sometime this week. Speculation is he and Starface got something cooking, but no money moving yet."

Jeremy turned that around in his mind. Starface had been sent to prison for getting caught in a net that snagged some of Ziggy Gambino's men. Jeremy hadn't been involved in that case. He'd ended up in the same cellblock as Starface for another mission, but he'd learned that Ziggy wanted the family that had sold his operation to the feds. His little empire had taken a beating since then.

Ziggy was after payback, but when he hadn't retaliated in the first two years everyone assumed he wouldn't.

Was Starface helping Ziggy go after retribution?

How did photos fit into all of this?

Jeremy looked over at his driver. "I need a favor."

Blade just nodded. "Told you back in the pen when you stopped a guy from shoving a knife in my gut you never had to ask. Just tell me what you need."

Jeremy had contacts all over the country he could call on but had never expected to tap one so close to home. Blade's resources were in a limited geographic area, but he could find out anything on anyone in his circle. His body shop was totally legit and making money, but he still had close ties to those working under the radar of law enforcement.

"Starface is looking for a photo card of some sort," Jeremy explained. "Find out what's on it."

"You got it." Blade parked in Jeremy's driveway and left the car running.

"One more thing," Jeremy added before climbing out of the Corvette. "I need you to fix CeCe's fiberglass base, but I'll pay for that. I'll have it ready for you to pick up tonight."

"You got it. Call you as soon as I have something."

"Thanks." Jeremy got out and glanced at CeCe's empty driveway. Was she already gone?

He unlocked his front door, went through the house and out to his garage. Might as well clean CeCe's base to get it ready while he killed time waiting to hear from Blade. He pressed the button to open his garage door.

Vinny was pulling a dark sedan into CeCe's driveway.

Jeremy couldn't make his feet move to back out of sight. This might be the last time he saw her.

CeCe stepped out of the car and her gaze shot straight to Jeremy as if she, too, wanted a last look. Then she lowered her head and walked to her front door.

Vinny, on the other hand, headed for Jeremy's garage.

Jeremy snatched up a shop rag and grabbed a can of acetone off a shelf and squatted down to clean her base.

"You're not going to try to find CeCe once she's gone, right?" Vinny said more as a statement than a question when he stepped inside the garage. Big brother issuing warnings.

"Get out of my garage."

"I want to talk to you." Vinny said that in the most reasonable, let's-just-talk voice.

"What the f**k do you want?" Jeremy wasn't in a reasonable, let's-just-talk mood. He soaked the rag then rubbed the top of the fiberglass. Acetone fumes burned his throat on each clenched-jaw breath.

"To clear up something. I'm not her keeper. My family loves CeCe and we're all trying to give her what she wants."

When Jeremy didn't comment Vinny went on. "None of us were happy about her moving away from the family where we couldn't easily protect her, but she's had her mind set to do this for a long time."

"Why are you telling me this?" Jeremy paused in his cleaning.

"To let you know we will do whatever it takes to make her happy and keep her safe, even from bad choices."

"You worried about her hanging around a criminal?" Jeremy shot a sarcastic eyebrow up at her brother. "Considering how she grew up that ought to make her feel warm and fuzzy, right?"

"You don't get it, do you?"

"Guess not." Returning to the cleaning job, Jeremy said, "Why don't you explain it to me?"

"You've hurt her like no one ever has had a chance to before."

Jeremy put the rag down, fury ripping through him when he stood to face her brother. "I'm not a f**king criminal, regardless of what the FBI told her. She's choosing to walk away, not me. So how do you figure I hurt her?"

"Because you let her fall for you without telling her the truth. Since you do have a criminal record and can't level with her, she's never going to change her mind and stay even if she's hurting. That's why I need to know you won't come after her once this is over."

Jeremy wondered if Vinny was guessing or reading his mind, because, hell yes, he'd intended to go after her as soon as he could. Once he found out what Starface, Ziggy Gambino, and the FBI were after.

And once he determined it had nothing to do with the DeMitris as CeCe proclaimed. Because he believed her.

And he loved her. He just hadn't realized that until he watched her walk away. How could anyone expect him not to go after the woman he loved?

He'd take on the entire DeMitri organization to find CeCe and get her back.

Vinny sighed and shook his head. "You can't do this to her. She'll never settle down with someone she thinks is hiding anything from her and our father won't clear you as acceptable for her. If you really care about CeCe, you won't make me and my brothers ensure you stay away."

"Don't threaten me." Jeremy turned his back on Vinny to dismiss him and hoisted the base up on its side.

A plastic box smaller than a matchbook fell out and landed between his feet.

"That wasn't a threat, just notification," the attorney brother clarified.

Jeremy's phone rang. He ignored Vinny and pushed the base back down flat. Then he flipped the phone open and bent over to pick up the plastic case.

"Got some news," Blade reported before Jeremy could say hello.

Jeremy's heart skipped a beat at what he held in his hand-a plastic case covering what appeared to be a photo memory card.

"What?" he finally said to Blade and glanced at Vinny, whose eyes were locked on the plastic case in his hand.

"Starface is after a photo card with pictures and a video of a meeting between the heads of two major families. One out of Russia and one from Chicago."

"What was the meeting about?" Jeremy kept his voice down but Vinny was tuned in to every word.

"If my source isn't off the mark, and he's a good one, two powerful families are teaming up to wipe out the upper to middle operations in North America so they can split the continent."

"No way." Jeremy stared at the card in his hand. His heart started thumping at the realization of what this meant. "Thanks. I'll call you back." He flipped the phone shut and started for CeCe's house only to have Vinny step in his path.

"We don't have time to screw around," Jeremy said. "Go get CeCe. I think the FBI turned her loose as bait."

Vinny cursed and spun around, moving fast for a wide-body man.

Jeremy ran inside his house to the computer in his office and shoved the card into a slot. He punched up the keys and played fifteen seconds of the video. Enough to realize Blade's sources were dead on the mark.

The two families teaming up had the money and power to wipe out anyone who wouldn't immediately fall into line behind them.

The Chicago family was the one who had thrown Ziggy Gambino's operation to the feds. Ziggy would pay anything, and kill anyone, for this card that he could use to screw over the Chicago group.

Either way, the end result would be a mob war if the card went anywhere but to the FBI.

"Sunn!" Vinny yelled from the kitchen, then his feet pounded toward him.

Jeremy ejected the card and had it back in the plastic case in his pocket by the time he turned to CeCe's brother.

Vinny's natural deep olive skin tone had paled three shades lighter. He heaved a breath from running. "She's gone."

Jeremy's phone rang. CeCe's number popped up on the caller ID. He lifted his finger to his lips for Vinny to stay quiet then answered. "Sunn."

"Everything made sense when my tracker found out you were involved," Starface said. "Can't really blame Dorvan for not anticipating you, but my new guy took the extra time to find out who had helped your girl here last night at her house. Now it all makes sense. Sam the Man was taking the card to you so who are you dealing with?"

Jeremy's whole body clenched at the reference to CeCe. He'd play along since Starface assumed he was involved. He slid into his criminal persona, hoping for his best performance yet since CeCe's life depended on it.

Seven

"When have you ever gotten information for free?" Jeremy countered to Starface in a cool voice that said more than words. His hands clutching the cell phone were damp, though. He'd faced crazed killers in prison, whacked-out druggies in a bust, and terrorists with automatic weapons.

Nothing had ever scared him the way he feared for CeCe's life right now.

"Always a first time," Starface crooned, chuckling. "I've got something you want and you have my merchandise."

Jeremy had one choice. "Where do you want to meet?"

"Be in Buckhead by five, have your phone handy, and don't screw with me or you'll get her back in pieces." The phone line died with a sudden click.

"I'm calling the FBI." Vinny reached for his cell phone.

"Wait!"

Vinny closed the phone. "I'm listening."

Jeremy nodded, thankful Vinny understood they were both after the same thing. Getting CeCe back alive. "She's only in this spot because the FBI used her so I don't trust them not to put her in further danger."

"You got an idea?" Vinny's professional attorney veneer faded away, leaving the hardened eyes of a brother willing to do whatever it took to protect his sister.

That was nothing compared to what Jeremy would do. He nodded. "I'm going to make a swap with Starface for the card."

Vinny's eyes narrowed in thought for a moment before his shoulders settled with resignation. "My skills are in the courtroom, not in the field. I don't want to take any chances with CeCe's life. I'll call in backup," he said, clearly indicating his family in Ontario.

"No time. We have four hours. That's it. I am trained in the field so we do this my way." Jeremy waited for an argument.

If he didn't know better he'd swear the new shift in Vinny's eyes was respect, and just maybe a little trust. That would be funny if not for the fact that what Jeremy had in mind was going to prove to CeCe he was as much a felon as Starface.

And if that animal touched her, Jeremy would kill Starface with his own hands.

Vinny spoke in his attorney voice again, as if advising a client. "You do realize if the FBI finds out you gave the memory card to Starface, you'll fry, and I can't help you."

"Already figured all of that out. All I need you to do is your part while I do mine." Jeremy expected Vinny to want to come with him, but her brother would only get in his way.

"Agreed."

JEREMY TAPPED HIS fingers on the steering wheel. He'd parked his Tahoe half an hour ago at the IHOP restaurant in the triangle made by the Peachtree Street and Roswell Road intersection. Most central spot he could think of in the tony Buckhead area. Five o'clock rush hour through the middle of Atlanta had settled in for the afternoon and nasty weather tripled the road rage factor for the packed interstates.

Rain poured over his windshield and thunder rocked the heavens.

His cell phone rang. He answered, "Sunn."

"Ready to deal?" Starface chuckled.

"Where?" Jeremy ignored the chuckle. He believed in the old saying that "he who laughs last laughs best."

Starface gave him directions to a closed nightclub three miles away. Jeremy spun across the intersection at the entrance and cut through side streets. When he reached the nightclub, he drove around to the parking lot in the rear where empty beer cans floated in a low spot filling with water. The jersey jacket he pulled on had been made with fine aircraft cable running along the inside from the top to carry weight without pulling down on the material. He shoved his Walther P99 into the right-hand pocket reinforced with the cable to carry the barrel level without broadcasting the weapon's position.

Other than that, he always carried a knife in his boot. The habit was a holdover from being a teenager when staying alive counted more than worry over breaking the law.

Jeremy keyed up a text message on his cell phone ready to send to Vinny and slipped the phone carefully into his right front jeans pocket. He threw the keys under the seat and climbed out. Fat raindrops battered his face and lightning speared the dark skies.

Before he reached the back door of the out-of-business nightclub, Jeremy eased his hand into his left jacket pocket shielding a pair of pliers and the photo card. He slipped his right hand in his jeans pocket in a casual pose as if waiting for someone.

The back door opened on its own, as he'd expected.

Jeremy folded his left hand around the handles of the heavy pliers and gently closed the teeth snug, then withdrew his hand with the photo card pinned into view.

"Tell Starface I have the card." Jeremy waited for a response. They could shoot him, but anyone with half a brain wouldn't risk the chance that one simple squeeze could ruin the card or that he might not have the real one.

"I told him," a voice called out. The door yawned all the way open.

Jeremy entered, thankful the weather outside had turned the sky dark so that his eyes could adjust faster. Stale smoke and body odor ghosted through the air as he followed a rangy guy close to his height and build. Starface's backup was late forties and carried a 9mm Browning with the ease of man who rarely made a move without it.

When they reached the bar area, Jeremy called out, "Where is she?"

Across the dingy room, Starface stepped into view from around the corner. Smiling, he tugged on a rope attached to something out of view.

CeCe appeared at the end of the rope, which was tied around her waist. Sheet-white terrified and stumbling, she stopped next to Starface.

Fury roared through Jeremy but he couldn't get her out of here if he lost his focus. And he would get her out of here. He only wished he had one minute to tell her that he loved her.

He gently fingered the key on his cell phone in his pocket to text a message and prayed it went through.

"Okay, let's trade," Starface demanded, holding up the end of the rope to make his point.

"Send her over here then I'll hand your man the card."

"No. Put the card on the bar and I'll let her go."

Jeremy laughed as though he and Starface were cutting up with each other. "Like you really expect me to do that. You know my word is solid."

"It was in the pen, but I haven't seen you in a few years so..." Starface shrugged, indicating his lack of faith.

"You owe me," Jeremy threw out.

Starface frowned, twisting the birthmark into a hideous shape. "How you figure that?"

Jeremy couldn't look at CeCe when he said, "Sam the Man was going to the feds. If I hadn't cut him a better deal someone else would have and we wouldn't be standing here." He didn't have to see CeCe to know she understood what he'd said. He heard her sob at his admission of being involved.

Of all the things he'd endured, breaking her heart would be the hardest to live with.

"How'd you find out about all this?" Starface wanted to know.

"Ziggy covering his bases," Jeremy said, sticking with his story. He had to get her free now. "You're late delivering. He's got money out all over town looking for this card." Blade had come up with that little tidbit when Jeremy was on his way down to Buckhead.

Starface cursed something low and vile.

CeCe flinched back, drawing Jeremy's attention to her. She looked through him as if he were dead, which he had to be to her by now.

Time to move this along or things were going to get dicey. "We dealing or not?" Jeremy snapped.

The room tensed with all four of them waiting on someone to make a move. Starface finally untied CeCe and waved his arm toward Jeremy telling her to go.

CeCe couldn't decide if she wanted to cry with relief or out of rage. She was too terrified to do either at the moment with both her and Jeremy's life in danger.

This Starface guy would not let Jeremy just walk out of here.

She moved across the room on shaky legs, her eyes on the backup man pointing the second gun she'd faced in two days. She swallowed and turned her attention to Jeremy, who didn't look anything like the man she'd spent the last three weeks falling in love with.

Gone was the easygoing charmer.

Danger radiated from Jeremy, his rigid stance threatening anyone who twitched the wrong way and that look on his face more feral than anything she'd ever witnessed.

Regardless of how deep he was in this mess, she knew without a doubt in that moment that he could, and would, kill anyone in this room who hurt her.

That might be comforting if he was law enforcement, but not after admitting he was involved in this whole scheme. Had known Starface in the pen. She'd berated herself for hours over judging Jeremy by a double standard. If she could just stop time and tell him she was sorry, that she owed him as much of a chance to explain as he'd offered her.

But he'd just admitted his part in all this.

When she walked up to Jeremy, she searched for something to say. He gave a brief shake of his head, without looking at her. The deadly glint in his eyes remained focused on the threat at her back.

Jeremy took her by the arm and gently pulled her behind him. She glanced around at their potential escape route through the rear door. The narrow walkway went fifteen feet then took a hard right turn to the exit.

Did Jeremy intend to back them out of here?

"Get out of here," Jeremy said softly without turning around. He was talking to her.

"They'll kill you the minute I leave."

"For once, it'll be worth it." He swallowed. "You're worth any cost."

She didn't like the sound of that. "No, Jeremy-"

"Nobody moves," Starface snapped. "Not until I get my card."

"I'm staying. She's leaving," Jeremy said in an unyielding tone. "Once she's gone you get the card." He paused, then ordered, "Now, CeCe."

How could she leave him? They'd kill Jeremy the minute he handed over the card. "But-"

"You're putting us both in more danger if you stay," he said, ending any argument she could come up with.

Jeremy had a plan and she might get him killed by not knowing what it was. In spite of everything that had happened, she trusted him so she had to trust what he told her right now.

CeCe backed slowly to the rear exit while the three men stood silently facing off. When she reached the door and stepped outside backward she was slammed by a driving rain. As the door was closing all the lights inside the bar went dark.

Shots boomed through the room.

Jeremy. She reached for the door but hands grabbed her, wrenching her back. FBI agents surrounded her.

She struggled to free herself, yelling at them to get inside and help Jeremy.

Vinny rushed up, ordering, "We had a deal. Give her to me."

Sirens screamed between booms of thunder exploding overhead. More gunshots cracked inside the building.

"Jeremy's in there," she yelled at her brother and anyone who would listen. "Somebody help him. Let me go!"

"They know," Vinny told her and held her firm in his grasp while she struggled and beat at his hands like a wild woman.

The gunshots stopped.

She held her breath, afraid to think of what had happened to Jeremy. Vinny wrapped a coat around her.

FBI and a SWAT team poured in from everywhere, swarming the building from all sides. New shots were fired inside but the battle was over in seconds.

An ambulance tore into the lot, spraying water off the tires.

Vinny tried to guide her away.

"No! I want to see Jeremy." Her heart had shattered at Jeremy's admission, but she had to know if he was alive. She gripped her hands together, praying for a miracle.

The EMTs stood ready. What the hell was taking the FBI so long? Jeremy could be bleeding to death if he'd been hit.

Special Agent Denton emerged from the back door. She hadn't realized he was here. Denton waved the EMTs forward. "Interior is secured. We got one alive."

She weaved on her feet as the EMTs disappeared into the building. Vinny wrapped his arm around her for support.

The rain subsided into a drizzle. Water mixed with tears that ran down her face.

When the EMTs rushed out with the gurney, her knees almost buckled at the site of an oxygen mask over Jeremy's face. Blood spread across his chest from where he'd been shot in the shoulder.

She broke free of Vinny and ran to catch up with the gurney. Jeremy's eyes were shut, his skin a blanched gray, but he was alive.

"I want to go with him," she told the EMTs when they started to load him.

"You can't, ma'am."

"Why not?" She'd take on the whole lot of them, including the FBI and her brother, if she had to so she could stay with Jeremy.

Vinny was pulling her back again. "You can't, sis." He gave up when she wouldn't move and said, "He's under arrest."

That's when CeCe saw Jeremy's wrist handcuffed to the rail on the gurney.

Vinny added, "But you're free to go. I made a deal with the FBI."

The EMTs loaded the gurney and closed the doors.

CeCe turned on Vinny, all the misery and hurt she'd kept bottled up today gushing out. She yelled, "He risked his life to save me. How could you throw him to them?"

Vinny sighed and leaned close to her, whispering, "It was Jeremy's idea. He gave me the real photo card to trade for your freedom."

Oh, dear God. Her brothers didn't think any man was good enough for her, but she'd finally found a man she loved... and didn't deserve.

And now she'd never see him again.

Eight

Jeremy pressed the button on his Bluetooth to engage the cell call while he drove along Dallas Highway, headed to his gym in Marietta. "What?"

"You're a surly bastard this time in the morning," Retter replied. "Get up on the wrong side of the bed?"

If he'd been in bed at all last night, Jeremy might have gotten up on the wrong side. But after being gone for over two weeks, he'd spent the first night at home rambling around like an abandoned dog dumped on the highway.

"I'll be ready to work by the end of the week," Jeremy told him rather than address Retter's question.

"Joe wants you to put in some time in your gym for a couple weeks before you come back to active duty. Get that shoulder in shape. Besides, we're not sure what we're going to do with you now that the president personally cleared you from any trouble with the FBI. Not sure you're of much value undercover in a prison. Too big a risk that someone inside a federal agency might slip and blow your cover."

"I still have the best rap sheet on the team," Jeremy argued, though his heart wasn't in it. He'd done such an outstanding job for BAD he was their number one ex-con.

"Not any more."

"What do you mean?"

"Joe got your entire rap sheet expunged in exchange for heading off an apocalypse in North America. We're looking at moving you into coordinating short-term missions. Tee was actually the one who said you had enough holes in your body. She figured your warranty would run out with one more."

"Tee?" Jeremy said, incredulous. Hard to imagine any sympathy from Joe's codirector, who had ice in her veins and loved only her furry little mutt, Petey.

"Don't take that to heart," Retter cautioned. "She said at the cost of training new recruits she was just thinking of saving money."

"That sounds more like her." Jeremy couldn't believe the irony in all this. Now he had no criminal record. Too bad it had come two weeks late.

As if CeCe hearing him admit that he knew Starface and had cut a deal with Sam the Man hadn't been damning enough. From what Jeremy had been told later, CeCe had watched in horror as EMTs carried him off in handcuffs.

BAD had taken him to one of the agency's safe houses in northern Georgia to heal once Jeremy was stable enough to be moved from Piedmont Hospital. He'd assumed Joe and Retter had worked some magic to free him but never expected to have a clean record. They'd sent a medical team to oversee his recuperation from then until he'd been released to come home yesterday.

Clean bill of health. No criminal record. Just an average guy for once and unable to have the only woman he wanted. Vinny had made it clear that his family would protect CeCe from danger, even her own bad decisions.

Jeremy would top that list of bad decisions in her family's view.

"I'll be in touch." He hung up and tossed the phone into his cup holder. He unhooked the Bluetooth. At least tonight he could burn off his stored-up energy in the gym.

Blade had a couple guys with remodeling experience who needed some work so Jeremy figured the weight room and aerobic area could stand a new look.

He'd instructed Tim, his evening manager, to close the gym early so Jeremy could survey it without having to talk to everyone. He enjoyed his customers, but his heart wasn't up for making happy talk.

Or for seeing the gym without CeCe stretching and smiling.

Jeremy parked in the lot and frowned. Blade's Corvette was the only car out there. Where was his manager's car?

When Jeremy pushed his car door open his shoulder ached, but not so severely today. He stretched that arm on his way into the gym.

Blade opened the glass door and broke out a high-powered smile. "Heard you were coming in tonight."

"Where's Tim?" Jeremy stepped inside. Instead of the ghostly quiet he'd expected, soft rock music spilled from the overhead speakers. But the gym always seemed abandoned when it was empty like this.

Would forever be empty without CeCe.

"Tim had a hot date, so me being the incredibly generous person that I am-"

"And humble," Jeremy added, finding his first smile in a while.

"That too." Blade nodded. "I offered to keep an eye on the place until you showed up."

Jeremy walked over and leaned his good arm against the check-in counter. Blade always had an angle. He probably expected Jeremy to do a quick scope of the area to be remodeled then pick up the tab for some cold brews so they could chase skirts.

He owed Blade that, and more. Blade had come through when he needed someone. He'd tapped contacts who were known felons and put his freedom at risk to get the information Jeremy had needed to save CeCe.

He'd been a true friend.

"Thanks for letting Tim go early." Jeremy glanced in the direction of the aerobic room. "We'll do a walk-through for your guys then get some beers." He'd go with Blade, but the idea of taking anyone home after having had CeCe in his bed just didn't seem right. Didn't excite him in the least.

"No can do." Blade fished his keys from his pocket. "Gotta roll. I'll take a rain check on those beers."

"You're kidding. So what are you doing here?"

"Dropped off CeCe's fiberglass base. Didn't know what you wanted to do with it."

Jeremy's breath caught at hearing her name. He'd have to get used to it since she'd been well liked in the gym and he was bound to hear someone ask about her not being around.

"Guess she's gone for good," Jeremy muttered.

"Mm-hmm." Blade shrugged with understanding. That was as close as they ever came to discussing something personal. "I stuck the base in your aerobic room. Figure you wouldn't forget it that way since I understand you got another problem in there."

Standing away from the counter, Jeremy hooked his thumbs in the pockets of his jeans. "What problem?"

Blade held up his hands. "Forget I said anything." He looked at his watch and grinned. "Got to run. Call me tomorrow."

When Blade reached for the door, Jeremy said, "By the way, thanks for everything you did."

Blade flashed that wicked smile of his. "Oh, I plan to collect big time... soon as you can hang with me again."

Some things never changed. Jeremy waved him off and locked the door as Blade fired up his land rocket.

He turned toward the aerobic room. Locating Vinny's address wouldn't take long. The urge to deliver the base personally for a chance to see CeCe again chewed at Jeremy, but he wouldn't do that.

Besides, Vinny had her tucked away somewhere safe by now.

Jeremy strode across the gym. Once he had an address for DeMitri he'd ship the base. Even if Vinny and his squad of brothers would stand aside for Jeremy to visit CeCe again, he doubted she'd even answer her door to him.

She wouldn't want to speak to him again after all that had gone down.

As he neared the aerobic room he heard a noise and went on alert.

Jeremy approached the room cautiously, wondering why the lights around the base of the room were still on. One of his yoga instructors liked to use them instead of overhead lights for a softer mood.

When he stepped through the door, he was sure his heart skipped a beat.

CeCe lay on a blue foam mat in front of the wall of mirrors, stretching her amazing body with liquid movements. She hummed quietly along with the music playing.

The fiberglass base Blade had repaired sat in the corner.

She looked into the mirror and met his gaze, then stopped moving. "Hi."

Her shy greeting kicked his heart into beating again.

"Hi." Jeremy moved slowly toward her, not wanting her to vanish if she was only a figment of his imagination.

She sat up, still staring into the mirror, their reflected gazes locked in a timeless moment.

When he stood behind her, looking down, Jeremy waited for a painful breath to flow out of his lungs so he could speak. "Good to see you."

"You too. How's your shoulder?" Her words came out fragile, as if they might break if she spoke too loud.

"Healing. Why are you here?"

"I got a call from Blade about the base and..."

"Oh." He would have said more but the words backed up in his tight throat.

"That's not what I meant." Her eyes shied away from his. She took a breath and raised her beautiful gaze to meet his in the mirror. "When Blade called, I talked to him for a while. He wouldn't really share anything about you and didn't know where you were, but he said you'd come back eventually. I've been visiting my family in Ontario so I asked him to let me know when he knew you were back. That I wanted to come see you."

"Why?"

"To tell you I'm sorry." The words rushed out in a strained whisper.

That threw him. He really looked at her. She'd lost weight. It showed in her face, which was turned up staring at his reflection.

"For what?" he asked. Why was she apologizing?

"For judging you by one set of standards and others, like my family, by another set."

His pulse jumped at the hope her words offered. "What do you mean?"

She shifted up on her knees, never breaking eye contact. "Took me a while to sort things out, but I think I finally got my head straight. I was willing to accept that the men in my family were decent men, in spite of their heritage. Their grandfather and father-my stepdad-ran illegal gambling operations, but when their grandfather was killed in a bust, my three stepbrothers made a pact before they graduated high school to change the family business. They started legitimate businesses over four years ago and have slowly moved the family enterprise away from illegal numbers games."

Jeremy knew she waited for some comment, but he wanted to see where this was going.

Hope had been an evil mistress over the past month.

CeCe drew a deep breath. "I went home to see my dad and brothers after... everything happened. I told them about you and that I couldn't hold you to a double set of standards. If I could accept them with the DeMitri past then they had to accept that I cared for you."

His heart was beating so fast he could feel his chest move. "What exactly are you saying?"

She stood up and turned around, facing him with her heart in her eyes. "That I should have been willing to let you explain whenever you were ready, to give you a chance to tell your side of what happened in your past. That if you tell me you're not involved in criminal activity I believe you. I know how you found the photo card in my statue base and that you gave the real one to Vinny to use in a deal for my freedom. Then you walked into that..."

Her lip trembled and a tear streaked down her face. "You walked into that death trap knowing you had no way out. I thought you'd died when all those shots were fired. Then they took you away and wouldn't let me go with you and you were bleeding and no one would tell me where you were and..." Tears poured down her face.

Jeremy took her into his arms and hugged her. Holding her was a gift he never expected to experience again. Her arms went around him and she sobbed against his chest.

"It's okay." He shushed her, rubbing his hand up and down her back. "I made it."

"No it's not okay." She lifted red eyes full of regret to his. "I'm sorry you didn't know how much I loved you before you walked into that building prepared to die for me."

She loved him? Jeremy couldn't move as hope flooded him from head to toe.

CeCe had come back and she loved him.

He laid his palm along her cheek. "I'm sorry too, that I couldn't tell you about so many things. I don't have a criminal record anymore..."

Her forehead wrinkled with confusion. "What do you mean?"

"My entire record has been expunged. With the exception of boosting cars when I was a teenager, everything else on my rap sheet was created as a cover for my... job."

She sniffled. "You don't own a gym?" Her lips puckered in concern. Then her tongue slipped along her bottom lip.

All he'd thought about for the past sixteen days was CeCe.

Jeremy gave up waiting to kiss her. When he dipped his head, she cupped her hands on his face and opened her lips to his invasion. His world tilted back into place and started spinning forward again.

He kissed her over and over again, wanting to hold her like this forever. But to do that he'd have to tell her everything.

Slowly ending the kiss, he said, "Time for all the truth."

She looked as though she prepared herself for the worst, then nodded. "I'm ready to listen."

Using his thumbs, he wiped away the last of her tears. "In addition to owning this gym, I do contract work for an agency that protects national security."

"Oh, crud. I had the thought that you might be law enforcement, then I blew it off when everything happened. I can't believe what I put you through and..." She paused, blinking. "What kind of law enforcement?"

He smiled, then turned serious when he told her, "I work undercover for a group that has no public identity. I used to insert into prisons for intel, but the powers that be have decided not to use me that way anymore. I can't share details about my work with you, so there will be times when I'm technically lying by omission, but I'll never lie to you about anything between us. I love you too, and never want to lose you again."

Tears started fresh again. She kissed him hard and passionately for what seemed like forever and not long enough, then pulled back with a worried look. "What about my family? Every one of my brothers is an honest businessman, but you of all people know how the past can cause problems. Will they be on your agency's radar, because I don't want to put my brothers or dad at risk... by me being with you."

Trust was a bridge between them that could go crashing down or bind them together depending on if they could build it.

Jeremy trusted her so it came down to whether she could trust him. "I'm glad you have brothers who watch over you for when I'm not at home to protect you myself. As long as your family doesn't threaten U.S. national security they won't be on our radar. And I swear I won't be watching them like an agent when I'm around your family, which is bound to happen. That is, if you stay with me."

She didn't hesitate this time. "I'm not going anywhere, because I trust you and love you. And I don't want to ever lose you again either. You belong with me."

She wanted to keep him.

Relief whipped across his skin, freeing the tension in his body. Jeremy lifted her off the floor, swinging her around and around in his arms, ignoring the pain throbbing in his shoulder. He could endure anything with her at his side.

CeCe's laugh was music to his soul. He intended to hear that song played over and over. When he stopped spinning and settled her to her feet, CeCe's eyes twinkled with a mischievous smile.

He kissed her forehead. "What?"

"Holidays with you and my family are going to be interesting."

