June 21

My heart pounded in my chest as I twisted the knob and opened the door of my hotel room in Paris. Luca stood outside in the hallway, with one hand in the pocket of his dark blue jeans, and his black hair sweeping across his brow and in front of his eye. He brushed the stray strands aside with a calloused thumb, his coal-dark eyes blazing with anger and hurt. For a long, tense moment, neither of us spoke, neither of us moved.

I clasped my hands in front of me to conceal their shaking. "Luca, I..." I stepped back, not quite able to meet his eyes. "Come in?"

Luca stepped past me and sat down in the chair near the window, arms crossed over his broad chest. His gaze was hard and inscrutable.

"Why did you leave me, Delilah?"

I shook my head. "It's...I'm sorry. I don't know."

"I think you do know."

I crossed the room and stood in front of him. "You read the note. That's why."

Luca snorted. "That was a childish excuse. Nothing more. It did not explain anything whatsoever."

"Well then, what is it you want to hear?" I finally met his eyes, but they were still hard, angry, and, above all, hurt.

"I would like to hear the truth. No more excusing it behind nonsense and merda."

I felt a rush of irritation. "It's not shit, Luca. It is the truth. I don't know what this is between us, or how to deal with it. You make me feel things I've never felt before. It's frightening. It's all so soon after-after Harry. I'm not running from you, exactly, more from us."

"You think I will betray you as your husband Harry did?" Luca scratched at the knee of his jeans.

"Ex-husband. And no, not really. You've been betrayed before, and I don't think you'd do that to someone else. Besides which, I don't think you're like that anyway."

"But still you run away whenever things become too much between us."

I could only nod. Eventually, I was able to speak again. "You...you deserve better, Luca. You're just so amazing. And I'm-I don't even know who I am."

"I know who you are," Luca said, leaning forward. "You are Delilah Flores. You are beautiful, and brave, and so very complex, like a diamond with a million faces always changing and showing the world something new."

I shook my head. "We must see different people when we look at me." I frowned. "That didn't make any sense."

Luca laughed. "No, it did not, but I understood your meaning." He stood up, and his eyes were softening. I could still see the hurt and anger in the lines of his face, the crow's feet and the pinching of his eyebrows. "Nevertheless, that is what I see when I look at you. That is who I know when I speak to you. You must see it as well."

"I don't know how."

"I will teach you." Luca stepped near me, standing a mere inch away from me, his dark eyes piercing into me, the heat of his body radiating in palpable waves. "But you must decide if you want be with me or not. This is not a proposal of permanence, please know. I am only suggesting we spend more time together. But if you are going to run like a colt every time we experience an intimate moment together, it will not work."

I nodded, and opened my mouth to speak, but Luca kept going.

"If you are afraid, only tell me. If you feel you need some time alone to sort out your emotions, tell me. I can give you space to think without you having to go all the way to Paris. I will understand, if you will share your thoughts with me. I promise you this." Luca put his hands on my arms, just below my shoulders. "If you run away again, I will not chase you. I will take it as your choice to not be with me any longer."

"I understand."

He closed the gap between us, our bodies pressing together. His arms wrapped around my waist and his breath was warm on my face, smelling faintly of spearmint. I couldn't believe he'd be able to be with me again, to want me still, after all I'd done to push him away. Francois's face and fingers rose up in my memory, sending bile into my throat.

I pushed away from Luca.

"What is it?" Luca's eyes narrowed. "There is something, isn't there? You did something, or something happened to you."

I turned away and stared out the window. Paris was slicked with rain and blanketed with gray. Umbrellas bloomed on the sidewalks like geometric flowers, bobbing and nodding with flashes of damp legs and shoes.

"I got drunk the other night. Too drunk. I'm not used to that, you know? I've never really gotten drunk a lot before, so I guess I don't handle it well-"

"What happened?" Luca's voice was tight and hard, prepared for the worst.

"Well this guy started talking to me. I didn't really like him, and I just wanted him to leave me alone, you know? But he was persistent, and-the drunker I got, the more persistent he was. I know now that I should have just left, but then, it didn't occur to me. Well, he kept feeding me drinks, and then I just wasn't able to think straight, and I found myself in a cab with him-"

"Did you sleep with him?"

"I-no, but listen, he-we were in his apartment, and I remember not liking it, and he was touching me, and I didn't like that even more. He was...he was rough. I couldn't get the word out, I was thinking 'no' in my head, as loud as I could, but it wouldn't come out of my mouth. Finally, he touched me down there, and it hurt. That unlocked me somehow, I mean, I could suddenly talk again, and I hit him. I mean, I knocked him straight on his ass and ran out."

"Would you know him again, if you saw him?" Luca asked.

"I suppose-yes, I would. Definitely." I shuddered, his face burned into my mind. "Why?"

"Because we're going to find him and I'm going to shove his head up his a**hole."

I shook my head. "No, Luca. Don't. It's not worth it. Besides, it's one man, in all of Paris. How are we supposed to find him?"

"You went to his apartment, didn't you? And you came back here from there?"

"Well, yeah, but I don't remember much. I mean, I'm not even sure what bar I was at. I just walked around until I found somewhere kind of busy, and when we left, I was pretty hazy. When I left Francois's apartment, I just gave the driver the card for the hotel." I turned to Luca and put my forehead to his chest. "I just want to forget him, forget it happened. I want to go back to Italy."

Luca smoothed the hair at the back of my head. His breathing was a loud rush in his chest, his heartbeat a steady rhythm. "Very well, then. Come home with me, and let us start again."

I nodded into his shirt, then looked up at him through my eyelashes. My arms went around his torso, my palms flat on the backs of his shoulders. "Luca? I'm sorry. So sorry. Do you forgive me?"

Luca smiled down at me. His fingers traced the line of my jaw, touched my chin, and then his palms cupped my face. "Of course I do, mia bella Delilah. Of course I do. You have been hurt, and betrayed. It is hard to trust again when this has happened. But you must trust me. And when it is impossible to trust, only tell me what you are thinking, and we can find a way past it, together, hmmm?"

Our eyes locked, and our lips neared, but he didn't kiss me. I needed, with sudden desperation, to kiss him, to touch him, to feel his hands on me. I needed the physical, tangible reminder of his desire for me.

His love for me. He hadn't spoken the words, but the emotion was there between us, waiting and unspoken. I knew it, he knew it. That, perhaps, was what truly frightened me. It wasn't that I didn't trust Luca; I did. I knew, instinctively and through his constant demonstrations, that he wouldn't hurt me or betray me. I was afraid of his love. I was afraid of needing him. I'd just found my independence, found my self as a woman alone, and suddenly here was I man I wanted, I needed. I loved.

And that, more than anything else, scared the living shit out of me. No matter how far away from him I ran, how I tried to push him away or pretend it wasn't so, I couldn't get away from his presence in my heart, my soul. I couldn't ignore the fact that I wasn't happy away from him.

Even Paris, a place I think every girl dreams of going, was empty and dull without him.

I felt something crack in my heart, some piece of my resistance breaking off. I leaned up and kissed him, a ferocious slamming of my lips to his, a tiny demonstration of my desperation for him.

He responded exactly as I needed: I felt myself lifted in his impossibly strong arms and carried to the bed. I was wearing yoga pants and a T-shirt, my comfort clothes. He curled his long fingers under the elastic of my pants and panties, stripped them off, then peeled my shirt off, along with the sports bra. In a matter of seconds I was completely nude before him.

I felt a rush of desire pulse through me, soaking the folds of my p**sy even before he lowered his mouth to my skin. For a long moment, he merely stood and looked at me, as he had the first time he saw me nak*d. He had seen me many times since then, but the raw admiration and nak*d desire for my body hadn't dissipated, hadn't changed. If anything, the knowledge of the pleasure he could find inside me seemed to fan the flames of passion in his eyes even hotter.

I lay on my back on the bed, bare flesh pebbling in the cool air of the hotel room, n**ples beading into hard nubs under Luca's fierce gaze. I waited for him, knees up and pressed together, arms crossed over my belly, my gaze heavy-lidded and fixed on his. Luca's lips pressed together and his hands clawed against the dark blue denim of his jeans, his eyes narrowed, his nostrils flared.

I spread my knees apart, just an inch at first, and Luca's fingers knotted in the jeans near his knees. His head tipped back and he watched me through lowered eyelashes, the tip of his tongue tasting the corner of his mouth and across his lower lip.

My knees split apart even farther now, and the damp petals of my p**sy were presented to his gaze. My fingers trailed down my belly, paused on top of my mound, and then drifted down to the crease, paused again at the folds hiding my aching, waiting clit.

My mouth parted and my breath puffed out as I dipped a single finger between my folds to touch the hard, sensitive nub. The pad of my middle finger brushed across my cl*t and I couldn't stifle the gasp as it emerged.

That was all it took.

Luca grasped my ankles and drew me effortlessly down the bed so my ass was at the edge, my legs on his shoulders as he knelt down. The collar of his white, short sleeve button-down shirt scraped the soft silk of my inner thighs, and his stubble was like sandpaper against the crease where p**sy met thigh. His fingers pulled my lips apart and his tongue speared inside me to taste the dew of my essence. I heard his breath hiss in delight as he lapped at me. I quivered against him, arching my back. Two fingers slid into my channel, curled upward to find with unerring accuracy the patch of hypersensitive skin and caress it to the rhythm of his questing, circling tongue.

His other hand now slipped up along my side, following the curve of my hip, the padded ridge of my ribs, and cupped my breast, plumped its heavy weight, squeezed the soft globe. I moaned when a rough finger found my nipple and rolled it with exquisite gentility, whimpered when he pinched it.

Colors exploded across my vision, my skin tightened and my muscles trembled. My mouth opened in a silent scream as he licked the juices around my clit, then dragged his tongue across the bead of nerves and made me come, and come, and come again, his fingers inside me, his fingers on my nipple.

I wanted something he'd done before, but I was too shy to say the words. I grabbed the hand playing with my breast and guided it downward, between my legs. I lifted my h*ps and spread my knees farther apart, pushed his fingers tangled with mine against the rosebud knot of muscle beneath my p**sy. Luca didn't hesitate. He dipped his finger inside my folds to lubricate it with my own moisture and then pressed it in tight circles against my anus. I forced myself to relax against the instinctive urge to tighten. His fingers and mouth continued to work my p**sy, and I felt another orgasm rising up within me.

His long, slick middle finger worked into me, a slow centimeter at a time. I ground my h*ps into him, driving him deeper, breathless, coming again. Every muscle in my body clamped down, and now I was writhing helplessly, pinned in place by his fingers inside me.

"I want you, all of you, now," I gasped.

Luca pulled out of me, leaving me whimpering at the sudden absence. I watched him strip, sat up and reached for him when he was nak*d, his huge c*ck standing straight up and straining, the veins visible and throbbing. I wrapped both hands around his girth and before I even knew what I was planning, I had him in my mouth, his satin skin rubbing against my lips. He tasted so good, felt so good, and I sucked on him, glided my hands on him, greedy for him.

He pulled me away from his c*ck and crawled onto the bed with me. He kissed me, slow and thorough, his tongue tasting of my essence exploring my mouth, his hands roving my body and mine his. We lay down together, bodies twining and tangling, tongues touching and tasting, heat merging.

Abruptly, Luca pulled away, a mischievous grin on his lips. He rolled me onto my stomach. Thinking I knew what he wanted, I slid my knees beneath me, presenting my ass to him.

"Take me, Luca," I said. "Take me like this."

He laughed, a low rumble. "Oh, I will. But, you know, you were a very bad girl, my Delilah. Very bad indeed. I think first you must be punished. And this is the perfect position for it."

"Punished?" Fear tinged my voice. What was he going to do?

"Yes. I think you must be spanked."

I panicked. My dad had spanked me as a little girl, under the Biblical principle that sparing the rod spoiled the child. He'd used the dowel from a wooden hanger, a thin rod of wood that stung like a bitch but didn't really leave marks or hurt for more than a few seconds. I know if anyone else was to read this, they'd probably call it child abuse by today's standards, but he loved me, and it was his way of guiding me.

But Luca's word, spanking, had incited that same sudden spark of fear within me. I moved to roll onto my ass, but Luca held my h*ps in place.

"What is it? I would not hurt you, you must surely know this. Only a little slap," he tapped one cheek with the palm of his hand, and I relaxed a little. "You were perhaps punished thus as a child? It is not the same. I know, for I was too. Nowadays, parents are afraid to punish their children, but we survived it, no?"

I held still, afraid to breathe or move, much less speak. I didn't know what I wanted. My arousal had been rather suddenly doused, and part of me wanted to pull Luca close to me and just be held by him. But another part of me knew Luca wouldn't do anything I didn't like, and if I told him I didn't like it, he would stop. And, in truth, the gentle pat of his hand on my bottom had felt kind of okay.

It would be fine, right? I kept myself still, fighting the reflex to close up and roll away. Trust took effort, didn't it? Risk and vulnerability weren't things that just happened. You had to make them happen, let them happen. I wasn't a person who found any pleasure in pain, though. But then again, Luca hadn't led me astray so far...

I nodded, a jerky sideways bob of my head as I craned my neck to watch him. He smiled, caressed my spine down from my shoulders to the swell of my tailbone. At first, he only rested his hand on the half moon of my right ass cheek, then he moved his hand in small circles. I felt myself tensing, waiting. His other hand curved up my foot and my calf and my thigh, turning sideways to knife between my legs. His finger brushed my labia, which were dry now. He stroked me with a finger, rubbing the skin of my buttocks with his other. He touched his lips to my hip, then my back, and then, yes, he kissed my ass, a hot, moist caress. I felt my juices begin to flow again, and now his finger delved inside my p**sy, just up to one knuckle at first.

I relaxed, realizing he didn't intend to just haul off and start smacking me willy-nilly. I felt silly, suddenly, for having doubted his ability to give me pleasure, even if I didn't know what I wanted or liked.

I let my h*ps begin to undulate as he dipped his finger deeper inside me, his other hand moving in broader circles on my ass, alternating between both sides until I was used to his touch there. And then, without warning, he drew his hand back and gave me a resounding slap on the left cheek. My entire backside burst into flames and I shrieked and jerked forward. The shriek turned into a moan, however, when he thrust his fingers against my cl*t at the very instant that he slapped my ass, and then he rubbed the spot that he had spanked, smoothing and soothing the reddened skin. He moved to the other side, now, circling, small circles, broad circles, his fingers in my p**sy again, exploring the walls, brushing my G-spot, not establishing a rhythm but merely touching, keeping me wet and trembling with anticipation.

I was gasping now, waiting for the next slap. When it came, I shrieked again, and once more the sound of protest turned into a drawn-out whimper of pleasure as he pressed the button of my cl*t in time with the spank. His palm soothed the skin again, then resumed his patternless circling.

The next spank came sooner, and it didn't sting as much, so consumed was I with the rising fires of cli**x. He had two fingers in my p**sy now, swirling around my clit, not quite touching. When he spanked me a third time, he let his fingers brush my clit, as if by accident, and I nearly came. He smoothed the skin, kneeling behind me, one hand between my thighs, the other on my ass, his c*ck brushing against the outside of my leg.

He spanked me again, and this time he smacked both sides in quick succession, the tips of his fingers flicking my cl*t with each slap. I was moaning nonstop now, and he started to spank me more frequently, one side and then the other, a brush of my nub with each sting of his hand, and now the stinging was changing, spreading a flush throughout me, the slight pain morphing into something else, merging with the fire of orgasm. I rocked my h*ps back into his hand now, into the fingers on my cl*t as well as the palm striking my ass.

I came again, ecstasy bursting through me, waves cresting in me with each spank, each circle of my dripping, clenching p**sy. I leaned my weight on one forearm and reached behind me with the other hand to grab Luca's cock. I came, and came some more, gasping and shrieking and sliding my hand up and down his length, feeling the slick moisture of pre-come smearing under my palm.

I pulled his c*ck toward me, drawing him against me, and then he finally pushed his tip between my folds, spearing the flower of my p**sy and driving deep inside me. I couldn't stop the scream from escaping, his name leaving my lips as he slid his c*ck inside, stretching me. He moved slowly, letting me accommodate his size.

His fingers dug into my h*ps and pulled me back against him. I rolled with his thrust, wanting him deep, wanting to feel him come inside me. He'd given me so much pleasure, and now I wanted to return it. I let my upper torso flatten against the bed, stretching my arms in front of me and keeping my ass raised in the air, impaled by his cock.

He bent over me as he pulled out, and then arched back as he thrust in, his sack slapping against me, his breath grunting out of his lungs, my name a breath of his lips.

He began to move faster now, fluttering his shaft in long quick pulses.

"Come for me, Luca," I said, the words rasping past quivering vocal chords. "Come so hard for me."

"Oh Delilah," he said, his movements desperate now, his c*ck pounding into me, "I am...oh yes..."

"Oh god, Luca, f**k me harder," I said.

I felt a twinge of surprise at my words, but then the thought was dashed as he began to drive even harder, plunging into me with a primal ferocity. I felt his c*ck throb and grow thicker, rocked my p**sy back down onto him as he stuttered his h*ps against my ass. He came with a curse, flexing into me, pausing, drawing out and stabbing deep, a hard thrust against my farthest walls. Hot seed flooded through me, and I felt my inner muscles clench and clamp, felt my belly ripple and my n**ples and scalp tighten, my blood boil in my veins and my hands claw into the blanket.

"Yes, yes, don't stop," I said, feeling him still come inside me.

I was just starting to cli**x again, and didn't want him to stop after he'd come. He was still hard inside me, and he began to glide in and out once more, waves of orgasm billowing through me with each pulse of his c*ck against my walls.

My eyes clamped closed as I came, and now he was driving into me as if he was coming again, but that couldn't be...He seemed as surprised as me, straightening, gasping. I felt his c*ck hard and hot inside, throbbing as if full again, but he'd just come, I felt his seed inside me, but he was, he was pounding hard and fast, surprise rife in his ragged moans. He paused long enough to roll me to my back, my p**sy rotating around his c*ck and my leg passing over his head, resting on his shoulder, the other next to his leg.

He wrapped a hand around my thigh and crushed into me, head thrown back and eyes closed. He let go of my leg and I hooked them around his back, pulled him down to me and kissed him as he came again, shuddering into my aftershocks, his thrusting small, hard, desperate quivers of his h*ps against mine, so frantic as to be rhythmless.

"Fottimi...mio dio...Delilah," Luca whispered, collapsing half on me, half next to me, one leg thrown over mine, "What did you do to me? What was that?"

I could only shake my head and try to calm my breathing. "I don't know. Intense as hell, is what that was."

Exhaustion swept over both of us, and we slept.

I woke disoriented, unsure where I was or what had happened, and then I felt Luca's hot, solid bulk next to me, his soft, rhythmic breathing echoing in the darkened hotel room. The drapes were still open, showing the shadows of night-blanketed Paris. I wasn't sure what time Luca had shown up, how long we had made love, how long we had slept.

I slid out of the bed and crept across the room to my netbook, plugged in and sitting open but asleep on the table near the window. I tapped the space bar to wake it up: four-oh-three a.m.

I wrote the preceding entry, letting the emotions of the past five days wash over me and through me.

Now I'm sitting and watching the black fade into gray, bathing Luca's body with dawn light. The sheet covers one leg, revealing his torso, finely muscled and dusted with hair, his limp c*ck draped over one thigh, his balls sagging to one side. His mouth is slack in sleep, unruly strands of ink-black hair across his forehead and eyes, one hand curled near his face.

I'm struck again, watching him sleep, with the deep, piercing pangs of affection for him, struck again by how beautiful he is, how amazing.

My fingers want to tap out eight letters, a simple declaration of how I feel, but I...I just can't. Not yet.

He's stirring, sensing my absence.

I'm going to save this entry and then crawl back into bed with him, stroke his soft penis until it's hard again. I'm going to slip him inside me as we lie side by side, wake him up with my body flush against his. His hands will wrap around me, his arms cradling me, one hand cupping my breast, the other my mound, his c*ck inside me, his breath on my neck. He'll begin to move, and he'll moan my name before he's really awake, and then I'll feel his lips curl against the nape of my neck in a smile, and he'll clutch me tighter. He'll move in a purposeful rhythm, then, maybe biting my shoulder, fingering my cl*t and pinching my nipple and thrusting all at once, and we'll come together in the pink and gray of impending dawn, come together in a slow, soul-deep swelling of merged love.

Love.

There's the word I'm so terrified of.

Four of the eight letters: l-o-v-e.

I can write those others, out of order: I; h-i-m.

It's not a puzzle to me. I just can't admit it, even in writing, because I'm too afraid of it being taken away, of it all being a dream, of him changing his mind, of something terrible happening.

Maybe I can try it in Italian: Io lo amo.

Still scary.

No way can I say it to him, in any language. Not yet. If he says it to me, I know I'll freak.

God help me. I don't know if I believe in God anymore, but if you're real and you're out there and you care, God, just...help me through this. Somehow.

He's stirring again. Time to go.

June 22

Good gravy, that didn't go as planned.

He's out getting breakfast for us, so I don't have long.

It started out like I'd thought, as written above. I climbed in bed, took his flaccid c*ck in my hand and stroked him gently, rubbed my thumb in small circles around the tip. He began to grow under my ministrations, but not quickly enough for my taste, so I scooted down on the bed and got him hard with my mouth. He moaned in his sleep as I licked his crown, massaged his balls until they tightened, grazed him ever so gently with my teeth. Finally, he was fully erect, and I was dripping with anticipation.

I turned my back to his front and guided him in, took his hand in mine and pressed his palm to my heavy breast. I rolled my h*ps against him and he moved into me instinctively.

I felt him rumble deep in his chest, and his fingers flexed. He stretched, pulling almost out of me and then arched his back to thrust in.

"Well, a good morning to you," Luca said, a smile in his voice.

"I woke up, and wanted you again, so..."

"You can wake me up like this any time," he said, squeezing my breast and grinding into me.

We moved together, rolling in tandem, and his arm snaked underneath me to pinch my nipple, his other hand drifting down to cup my mound.

Still all was going according to plan.

Then he reached into the drawer of the bedside and produced a little bottle of lubricant.

"Where did you get that?" I asked.

"You are not the only one who wakes up in the middle of the night to do mysterious things, you know," Luca said.

"You got up and bought lube?"

"I did not buy it. I brought it with me from home. I simply fetched it from my car."

We were still moving together, but neither of us were near orgasm yet. Luca pulled out of me, slipped his finger down to my ass, and I felt him apply a generous amount of cold, tingling liquid to the tight knot of muscle. I knew this sensation now, and I liked it. I'm sure what that says about me, and I don't care. It feels good, and he's careful.

His finger slipped in, easier than ever thanks to the lube. The bulbous tip of his c*ck was brushing the entrance of my p**sy, and I wanted him back inside me, but he wasn't thrusting, and his finger was fully within me, pinning me in place. I could only squirm, impaled by his middle finger.

And then he slipped in another. So, so slowly. Time ceased to pass. All I knew was his fingers inside me, wiggling gently, moving in, stretching me. His other hand circled my waist, hovered on my belly, dipped down to my p**sy, slipped in and brushed my clit, pressing it, flicking it, swirling around it.

Juices flowed, fire blossomed, and the not-quite-but-almost painful stretching of his two-three, now?-fingers in my a**hole became less painful and more pleasurable. He began to move his fingers in and out, and his hand at my p**sy vanished, more lube coated his fingers, and something else, something long and hard yet soft.

I was writhing in helpless abandon. His fingers were inside me, I didn't know how many, couldn't count or feel a difference, just the stretching, stretching, accommodating, filling.

Oh god, oh god, just the memory has me quivering, has my a**hole quivering as I sit on the bed and type this.

Luca filled me, stimulated me, stretched me, moved in and out of me, and his fingers were in my p**sy again, swirling, moving, driving and delving and pushing me closer to orgasm. And now I felt his fingers withdrawing, cold lubricant easing the passage of something huge and hard filling me where his fingers had been.

For the first time in our sexual relationship, I felt fear that I couldn't handle what he giving me. My mouth was wide in a silent scream, then a soft, barely audible gasp scraped past my clenched throat, and my fingers curled in desperate claws into the bed.

I was still on my side, my knees drawn up, one leg slightly lifted. Luca rolled me in a quick, deft maneuver that had me on my knees with him positioned behind me. I didn't know how much of him I had inside me, but it was enough, almost too much.

"Are you okay, mia bella? Is this okay?" Luca's voice was soft, gentle.

I wasn't sure, but I didn't want him out of me. I knew that much, so I nodded, unable to speak. He moved in farther, a slow, careful slide. His fingers were on my hips, more in restraint of himself than an encouragement for me. I felt, through the touch of his hands on my hips, the quivering of his body, the tension of restraint. He wanted to plunge hard, wanted to drive into me, but he wouldn't allow himself.

A little farther, then. Oh god, so full. Again, I felt a rush of panic that it would be too much, that I would split in half from his presence inside me. But then he pulled out a little, and the low waves of building cli**x abruptly peaked as he slid out with excruciating slowness.

I whimpered; Luca growled, tense and trembling. He moved back in, a hesitant, questing thrust, and my entire body convulsed in an orgasm so powerful I felt it in every fiber of my being. I felt it in my teeth, in my scalp, in my fingers and toes and belly and eyes. A scream stuttered out of me, muffled when I buried my face in the bed. Luca growled, a long, low rumble in his chest, and his fingers dug even harder into the crease of my h*ps as he slid out and plunged back in.

He set a rhythm, slow and steady, and I came with every motion.

But no, this was not exactly an orgasm for each thrust, this was merely the build up.

Oh god.

When the true cli**x came, it would shatter me. I knew it in my bones, felt it coming like a freight train.

Luca's sliding c*ck moved inside me with increasing urgency now, and still with each thrust in, each pull out, I felt a spike of pure intensity, wave after wave building up one atop the other until there was no higher they could go, no more intense they could get.

But they did.

When he'd first begun to move his c*ck in my tight-clamped channel, I supposed he'd never be able to move freely, that I wouldn't be able to take it like that. But now, somehow, he was pounding into me and I was slamming backward onto him with a ferocity that matched his own, biting the blanket to keep my teeth from cracking in my jaw, my fingers scrabbling at the blankets, my h*ps moving of their own accord.

I felt his c*ck burgeon and thicken and pulse, felt his balls tighten as they slapped into my p**sy, and then he came with a teeth-grinding roar, slamming into me once, twice, three times; on the third nearly-savage plunge I came.

"Came" doesn't begin to describe it. I'm not sure there are words in any human language for what happened. My universe detonated, shattered, dissolved, imploded. Lights burst behind my eyes, my entire body seized up and convulsed, chemicals rushed through my brain and my boiling blood.

It lasted for an eternity.

I've used the phrase "an agony of ecstasy" before, but in this case, it truly was that. It was something beyond ecstasy that blurred the lines between pleasure and pain.

When it was over, Luca drew out of me, even slower than he had pushed in, and I felt my muscles contracting as he withdrew. At last I was left limp and exhausted and shuddering in the blissful haze of aftershocks, some of which were more powerful than some orgasms I've had.

Luca lay down next to me and I turned into him, clutched my arms around his neck and buried my face in his chest. I might have been crying.

"Are you okay?" He must have felt the moisture of my tears against his skin; he sounded worried. "I hurt you?"

I shook my head and tilted my face up to meet his eyes. "No, no. It was...beyond anything...everything..."

"This is good? You are okay?"

"I'm not hurt. It was good. More than good." I kissed his jaw. "It was just so intense. I'm not sure I can handle that very often. It was almost too much, too intense."

Luca nodded his head and smoothed my hair with his hand. "I am not sure I could do that so often either."

"Why not?" I asked.

"To hold back, so as not to hurt you, but wanting with so much desperation to just...go so hard in you, it takes much restraint, much controlling of the self. You know? So, when I was finally able to release myself, it was all the more intense for having held it back for so long." He kissed my cheek and then my lips. "And you have a way of making nothing of my control. You make me lose my restraint. You are...so beautiful, so amazing, and I want you so much, all of the time. I just cannot help myself."

Tears pricked my eyes at his words, spoken so casually. I was already emotional from the intensity of our lovemaking, from the volcanic power of my orgasm, and now, such sweet words, said as if it should have been obvious. I couldn't help the sobs.

"Oh, my dear Delilah. Why do you cry?"

I didn't know how to say it, and I was crying too hard to speak. He held me as I wept, didn't ask any more questions, just held me and wiped the tears from my cheeks as they fell.

When I could speak again, I said, "It's just you. The way you treat me, the things you say."

"Is it wrong? The things I say and my treating of you?" Luca sounded confused.

I laughed. "No, no, baby no. Don't you know women cry from happiness, sometimes?" I sniffed and rubbed my cheek against his stubbly one. "You treat me right. You say things that make me feel...cared for."

"So why does this make you cry? I confess I am puzzled."

"Because no one has ever treated me the way you do. No one has ever said the things to me that you do." I brushed a lock of hair away from his eyes. "It's intense. It's kind of scary. It's a complete change. When you've spent your entire life feeling different, feeling like you're not enough, not good enough, not skinny enough, not pretty enough, it can be really difficult to accept that someone thinks differently, even if it's a good thing."

"Ah, now this I understand." Luca propped himself up on an elbow and caressed my body with his other hand, not a sexual touch, but an affectionate, explorative, tender one. "You do not always see your own worth, I think. You are not so skinny as I think the American ideal of perfection is believed to be."

My brow furrowed and I opened my mouth to speak, but he held up a hand.

"No, please. Only listen. I like you as you are. I say 'like' because I think the other word makes you worried, but it is true enough. I would not like you so much if you were skinny, all sticks and skin. You have curves, you have a body to touch and hold. And also please remember, I am not American. I am Italian, and we have different ideals of beauty. And you, amore, are my ideal of beauty."

I melted at that. Who wouldn't? I'm his ideal of beauty? He must see something when he looks at me that I don't.

It occurred to me, as we were drifting off to sleep once more, that I'd called him "baby".

I think I know why people say they're "falling in love."

I've always hated that phrase. I never really understood it. Love was a choice. Something you worked at. I mean, yeah, I understood that you didn't always choose who you fell in love with, that it happened outside of your control. But, the verb "to fall". Why that one? Why falling? It implies a complete loss of control, a total helplessness to stop your tumbling over the edge. When you fall, you transition from solid ground, from balance, into open space, off balance.

When I think "to fall" I think of standing on the edge of a skyscraper. There are no guard rails or Plexiglas walls, just dizzy height, people like ants and cars like toys, the hard ground hundreds of feet below, and you're wavering on the edge, arms flailing, but you can't regain your balance. You're falling. Air rushes past your face in a deafening roar, and you have time to realize, "this is it, I'm going to die."

It's like that with Luca. It's inevitable. I can feel it happening, and I can't stop it. Unlike falling off a building, however, I'm not entirely sure I want to. The loss of control is scary. The vulnerability is frightening.

I wish you could choose to fall in love. Or rather, not fall at all, but walk into love. Live into love. Be in love without falling.

But then, if we didn't fall, implying all the trust and loss of control and complete vulnerability, would it be as sweet? Would it be as satisfying and life-changing? If you could choose it, and control it, would it be as potent and soul-searing?

I think perhaps not, as Luca would say.

June 25

We spent the last couple days on a Luca-guided tour of Europe. We toured Paris, and it was vibrant and lovely and every bit as romantic as they paint it in the movies. He took me to London and Dublin. We only spent a little time in each place, enough to see the sights and say we'd been there. He also showed me out-of-the-way places, like Belarus, and Ukraine, and Malta. He sold wine, and we made love.

I grew comfortable with him, grew accustomed to his roving, loving gaze on my body as I changed, or showered, or simply lay nak*d in bed, writing, after we made love. His attention grew familiar, but never loses its power to stun me.

Like him.

Listen to me, though. Like it's been decades, instead of days.

We're on the way back to Italy now. Italia. Luca is driving, the radio is off, I'm typing with my netbook on my lap ("How can you type on that teeny little thing," Luca asked me, "especially while riding in an auto? It does not give you a headache?" Apparently not.). Luca's hand is on my knee, a familiar touch that makes my heart ache in a sweet and pleasant way.

We're going to be back in Firenze in a couple hours, and I have no idea what will happen when we get there. I'll have explanations to make, I'm sure.

Am I going home? Is Firenze home, now? Or my house back in the states? No, I gave that to Harry in the divorce, along with my car, our stocks and the cashed-out value of my 401K, the properties we owned together...everything. So then, would my parents' house be home? No, I haven't lived there since I was nineteen. Certainly not Leah and Mike's house. If they're still together. I'm sure my little shouted tantrum threw some long-held secrets into the light.

So...where is home?

Nowhere.

Firenze?

Whichever hotel I'm in?

Luca's arms.

Shit.

June 27

Luca's grandmother was visiting when we arrived. What a woman. Past eighty, spry and sharp-witted, clear-eyed. A full head of thick black hair liberally streaked with gray, belying her age.

"Luca, where have you been?" She demanded in fluent, accented English as we entered the courtyard. "Why did you leave your poor old grandmother wondering where have you gone? Come, come, my boy. Give your nonna a kiss."

Luca grinned at me as he hugged his grandmother and kissed her cheek. "I was on business, Nonna. And besides, I did not know you were coming, did I? Am I a mind-reader? I think no. You should call me, if you expect me to be here when you arrive. You know I travel often." He winked at me.

"You should show more respect for your nonna, boy. Of course you aren't a mind-reader. Only I am a that. If you were a reader of minds, you would have introduced me to this lovely girl hanging on your arm."

I extended my hand to her. She took my hand as if to shake it, squeezing hard, and pulled me into a hug. "I am Nonna Maria." Her eyes were kind, piercing black orbs, truly gimlet in their intensity. "But you will call me Nonna, I think. My boy Luca, he is a good boy, no?"

I kissed her cheek as expected. "Yes, he's the best. I'm Delilah."

"Delilah, hmm? It sounds like a flower. You are lovely, like a flower. So much prettier than that sour-faced tart he was married to. Brutta puttana."

"Nonna!" Luca said, shock and something like hurt in his eyes. "Do not talk that way. It is not polite. I know you did not like her, but you should not-"

"Oh, don't you tell me what I shouldn't do, my son. I am eighty-three years old. I have earned the right to speak as I wish."

"You are right, Nonna, but at least respect my wishes, and do not speak that way of-"

"Of who? A stupid girl who was never worthy of my favorite grandson? No. She deserves that, and more. Puttana. She was never good for you. I said so the very first time I met her. And then she left you, just like that. And stole everything you owned. But I am not supposed to speak ill of her? When she so mistreated you? After all you did for her? Took care of her son? Loved her?" Nonna Maria shook her finger at Luca. "I will say my mind, and you will listen. Is this girl worthy of you? She is lovely, that much is true. But is she worthy?"

Luca took his grandmother's hands in his, met her eyes and spoke quietly. "She is more than worthy, Nonna. She is...everything."

Nonna nodded, her eyes narrow, flicking from me to Luca and back. "And you love her?"

Luca looked from me to his grandmother. He took a deep breath a blew it out slowly. "Yes, I do."

Panic hit me. I couldn't hear anything but the blood pounding in my ears, and that same hot hard something in my gut I felt when I found Harry with Helen. I backed away, but I felt hard fingers around my wrist.

"Look at me, child." Nonna's eyes bore into mine. "Love is not something to fear. Especially not when it is Luca doing the loving. Your fear is misplaced, I think. If you want to love him, you have to wash away the past. Only you can do this, my dear. You must go away, to the sea, perhaps. And you must bathe away all the fears and all the hurts given you by your history."

"Nonna, what are you telling her this for? She doesn't need this old woman's folk story nonsense." Luca sounded irritated.

His grandmother swatted him on the back of the head, hard. "Don't be so sciocco. It's not folklore, stupid boy. It's the wisdom of an old woman who's had many heartbreaks. I know the look in her eyes. She fears love. She fears hurt." She looked at me, her fingers looser on my wrist, holding tenderly rather than restraining. "You don't need a hot springs, or a special place or any fancy prayer. You only need the time alone, to decide truly what you want. If you want to run away at only the word 'love' then you have deeper fears. I know this. I have had these fears. His grandfather was not the first man I loved, but he was the last, and it was very hard for me to learn to love him. My story is one for another time, perhaps. But you cannot think to go further into love if you do not trust yourself to know what you want. And you do not know."

"Nonna, you-"

"Luca, no. She's right," I interrupted. "You know she is."

Luca nodded. "I know, I know, but we just...you-"

"It'll be fine, Luca." I put my hand on his arm. "I'm not running, I promise."

"And you're not going anywhere yet," Luca's mother, Domenica, said, emerging from the kitchen. "It is time for dinner. The rest will soon be here, I think. They will all want to see you."

She hugged me, as if I was her daughter. This simple act of familiarity had my eyes burning and my throat thickening. My own mother had stopped hugging me when I became a teenager. When we saw each other as adults, it was an awkward, back-patting, several-feet-of-space-between-us kind of hug. But this hug from Domenica was a completely different thing. It was warm, safe, familiar, as if she'd always hugged me. It would be overly dramatic and not precisely true to say that all my worries and fears evaporated when she hugged me, but I did feel a lot better.

Luca took my hand and led me into the kitchen, which now felt more like home than my own ever had. I sat at the huge block of age-polished wood that was the kitchen table and chatted with Nonna, Domenica, and Luca while coffee percolated on the stove. I heard voices in the courtyard, Elisabetta and Lucia, Luca's sisters-with their husbands Fillipo and Claudio. Behind them came Guliana and Marta, his sisters-in-law, with their husbands-Luca's brother's-Lorenzo and Niccolo. Woven around the adults' chatter was the babble and laughter of children, eleven of them between the four couples.

I felt a moment of panic at all the voices, all the people and personalities, all the names to keep straight. This one family, without even any of the aunts and uncles from Domenica's and Dante's sides of the families, represented more people than I knew back in the States. I knew people, so that might not have been totally true statement. It would be more accurate perhaps to say I was acquainted with most of the town, knew most people by face and name. But Luca's family, these were people I'd spent time with. I knew more than their names and faces. I'd broken bread and drank wine with them, dandled babies and done dishes with them. If things went further with Luca, they would be...family.

Panic boiled even hotter, igniting my flight reflex: run, run, run.

Luca's hands descended on my shoulders, massaging gently. His whiskers brushed my ear and his voice rasped gently: "Relax, amore. Do not be worried. It will be fine. Only breathe, and be calm."

I wondered how he knew what I was thinking. Did my panic show on my face? I turned my face to his, our lips brushing. He kissed me, a light, quick peck meant to reassure.

"How'd you know?" I asked.

Luca laughed and pointed at my hands: I'd picked up a fork and bent it nearly in half. I let go of the fork and it clattered to the table, my fingers suddenly throbbing. Luca straightened it effortlessly and took my hand in his, threading our fingers together.

Lucia was the first to enter the kitchen, a little boy about two years old on her hip. "Delilah, you have returned!" She set the little boy on his feet and he immediately toddled over to Domenica and tugged on her apron to be picked up. "You left so suddenly, we were all worried for you."

Luca frowned at his sister, shaking his head imperceptibly. I squeezed his hand. "I know I did, Lucia, and I apologize for making you all worry. I'm just-I have issues sometimes. Nothing to worry about."

Lucia took the percolator from the stove, grabbed half a dozen mugs from a cabinet by their handles and poured coffee for everyone before resetting the percolator with fresh grounds and water. This family drank coffee at all hours, it seemed.

Lucia took a seat by me on the opposite side from Luca. "You know, I think if we are going to be sisters, you should be truthful with me."

"Lucia," Luca said, "do not be so-"

"It's fine, Luca," I interrupted. "She's right."

Luca muttered something in Italian about always being interrupted by women, but held his silence.

"The truth is I'm not sure what's going on with Luca and I. Things are complicated."

"Complicatedness is a part of living, I think," Lucia said, and sipped her coffee. "It is no reason to run away from a man who loves you."

I suppressed a bolt of irritation. Lucia was right, as the women in Luca's family so often seemed to be.

"You don't know my complications, Lucia," I said, trying to keep my voice even. "I can't just..." I trailed off, unsure what I couldn't just do.

Lucia waved her mug at me, a dismissal. "Bah. I do not think it is so complicated as you would like to make it. Fear and complicatedness are not the same thing, you know." She leaned forward and put her hand over mine. "I like you, so I will speak francamente. I think you are not so complicated, not having so many issues as you intend us to think. You are only afraid of committing, for having been betrayed in your history. This I understand, and am not meaning to make little of your fears. But you must be brave, if you wish to defeat your fears and have happy life with a man who loves you. Which would be Luca, in case I am not being chiaro."

I nodded. "I think you're right. But...it's not as easy to do as it is to say."

"True, it is true. I did not say it was easy, only right." Lucia seemed satisfied with having said her piece. She plucked her son from his grandmother and set him down to walk. "If he is always held, Mamma, he will not ever learn to be able to walk as a big boy."

Domenica responded in Italian, too fast for me to follow, but it was something about a grandmother's right to spoil her grandchildren, I think. Lucia just rolled her eyes and followed her son into the courtyard, where the laughter of children echoed, a joyous, exuberant chorus.

Dinner was a raucous affair, lasting well into the night. Children fell asleep in their parents' arms and were laid down in available beds while the adults continued to drink and talk.

The last time I remember looking at a clock it was two in the morning and I was thoroughly and pleasantly drunk on excellent wine. I felt safe, though, protected and comfortable. I could be myself, I didn't have to worry about getting back to a hotel, or being taken advantage of, or judged.

Luca led me upstairs to the same bedroom we'd been in before, overlooking the courtyard. I stumbled up the stairs, held steady by Luca's strong hands, felt myself lifted into bed, wine-breath on my face as he leaned in for a kiss. His lips met mine, and he wobbled above me, making me realize he was as drunk as I was. I smiled into the kiss, scratched at his waist for the bottom edge of his shirt and lifted it off.

We fumbled at each other's clothes, laughing at how clumsy we were, missing buttons, falling over as we tried to lift up to get pants down past our hips. Luca struggled for a pathetically long time with the hooks of my bra, eventually giving up and falling over.

"I cannot do it, amore," he said, sloppily kissing my spine. "I cannot make out how many hooks and hoops are there."

I managed to get the bra off, and then we were both nak*d. Luca pulled the chain to turn the light off, and then we were lit only by the silver wash of the full moon shining in through the open window.

Luca and I lay side by side on the bed, facing each other. His hand rested on my waist, just above the swell of my hip. His lips touched my shoulder, and then my arm near my elbow. He wound our fingers together and lifted my arm over my head, lowering his mouth to the mound of my breast, nipping the taut bud of my nipple. I whispered Luca's name, rolled to my back and feathered my fingers through his hair as he paid homage to one breast and then the other.

I felt his finger dip past my navel to trace the crease of my labia. "Yes, Luca, touch me," I said, spreading my legs apart.

He smiled against my nipple and slipped the finger into the wet, tight, heat of my p**sy. I arched my back, eyes closed, and exulted in his touch. I reached between our bodies and wrapped my fingers around the hot, hard, silk of Luca's cock, heard his moan against my skin as I moved my hand on his length.

I pushed Luca's shoulder to roll him onto his back and slid down his body, resting my cheek on his belly. I took him in my mouth, not touching him with my hands at first, just my lips and tongue on his salty, soft skin.

The world spun around me, the bed undulated and I closed my eyes to block it all out, focused on the taste of his skin, the tang of his leaking pre-come, his huge shaft thick and throbbing in my hands, the heat of his body against my face. I felt myself lifted and moved, and then Luca's stubble brushed my thigh. I was on my side, Luca's c*ck in my mouth and my hands, and then I felt my leg pushed up and rested on firm, solid flesh, and then something warm and wet speared into my p**sy. He was licking me as I sucked him.

Oh god. Good gravy. There was a term for this, something odd, two numbers, but I couldn't remember it, and it didn't matter then. All I knew was that it felt incredible. The angles were a bit awkward, but I didn't care. He was in my mouth and he was in my p**sy all at once, we were a never-ending cycle of pleasure. My lit-major brain floated a word to me: ouroboros, a serpent or dragon eating its own tail, a symbol of eternity, or self-reflexivity.

Apparently my drunken mind couldn't come up with the term "sixty-nine" but it could remember the definition of ouroboros.

That was us, self-perpetuating pleasure, cyclical love. We broke apart at the same moment, and I climbed up Luca's prone body, rested my weight on his chest and my forearms. My h*ps lifted and I impaled myself on him, slid him in to the hilt in one smooth motion. There was no gradual immersion this time, just full, deep, immediate penetration, sweet surrender to his body's fit with mine.

His hands pulled my h*ps onto his, lifted and pulled, his mouth found mine as we dove into cli**x together. There was no moaning or screaming, this time. Only whispers and sighs, names uttered in the moment of ecstatic release.

I don't remember falling asleep. I woke up tangled with him, sticky and smeared and sated, head aching with the sharp slice of wine hangover, sunlight streaming in through the window.

I've started the habit of leaving my netbook on the bedside near me when I sleep, or on the floor, somewhere close at hand so I can write as soon as I wake up, put down on screen the previous day's memories while they're fresh upon waking.

Luca is stirring, and it's time for some morning lovin', and then a shower, and then coffee.

I'm almost ready to say it. His family is right, my fear is all that's holding me back. But then, my fear is a potent thing. When I think of saying "I love you," I think of Harry, of saying those words to him every day for over a decade, rarely hearing him say it back, rarely, if ever, seeing it in action. Knowing, in a swift and sudden and gut-wrenching revelation, that he never did love me.

Luca is awake, watching me type with sleep-blurred eyes, blanket rucked around his hips, one arm beneath his head, a half-smile on his lips.

"Put that away and come here to me," he is saying.

I'm continuing to type as he reaches for me, just to irritate him. Oh god, he's not playing fair, touching my p**sy as I type. This is fun...I can't concentrate, can't think, and now,

oh the hell with this game I'll finish the entry later

June 28

I decided to leave the previous entry's ending the way it is. It's cute, I think.

I'm sitting on a beach on the west coast of Italy. I don't know the name of this quaint little town with the picturesque ruins on the bluff and the stone buildings that have known the chatter of villagers since before America saw the trod of European feet.

I took a train here to get some time to think and make some clear-headed decisions.

It's too easy to think with my body and my heart when I'm with him. My mind and my logic get pushed aside, and if I'm going to make a rational decision, I need to get away from the potent, heady drug that is Luca.

But he isn't a drug, is he? He doesn't alter my mind, or change me. He turns me into who I truly am. I'm carefree with him, unfettered and liberated and full of life. His family is so loving, so generous, so welcoming, that I feel them to be more truly my family than my own blood back in the States.

My father is cold and judgmental, quick to hand down ultimatums and hard-nosed demands, slow to affection, spare with praise and compliments. Mother is the same, but more passive aggressive, willing to wait and watch and gather evidence against you, and then strike when the moment is right. She's tactical.

Leah is Miss Perfect. Straight A's, effortlessly. Captain of the cheer squad, debate team, Vice President of the student council three years in a row, popular, fun, skinny. Married a stable, caring man, after a short engagement, had kids, got a house with an actual, factual white picket f**king fence. Pretended life was spiffy and perfect, like she always has. And then she f**ks my husband.

Not that I'm bitter.

I can't see Elisabetta sleeping with Lucia's husband. It just wouldn't happen. Not ever.

It's funny, I can barely remember the States. I'm speaking in Italian more and more. It hasn't shown through in this diary, I'm realizing, since I've stopped transcribing the Italian, except where it pops up when someone is speaking English. I had a dream in Italian. I called out Luca's name during sex, and instead of "yes, yes, yes," I said "si, si, si."

Even now, I'm thinking I'm ready to go home, and the image that pops into my head is the house in Firenze, filled with light and laughter and love. And Luca. I can see myself in Firenze, in a little flat not far from Domenica and Dante's house. There would be flowers in a planter on the window, wash hanging to dry in the age-old way, a checked table cloth on a round table in the kitchen, a candle-holder fashioned from an old wine bottle.

There might even someday be a little boy or girl running about the flat, ink black hair and dusky skin and cerulean eyes.

The sun is setting, shedding fiery orange light onto the rippling azure field of the ocean. Gulls caw, children splash in the surf a hundred feet down shore. A sail blinks white on the horizon.

So, the decision.

Am I afraid of loving Luca? Yes. Hell yes. I'm afraid it'll end up like things with Harry did, and I'll be stuck here in Italy, an ex-pat with no money left and no ties to anywhere, old and alone and too tired to start over again.

I'm afraid of being hurt again, betrayed again. I'm afraid of having a child with him, because that will mean I'm permanently tied to him, and if it ends, if he cheats, or doesn't actually love me till death do us part, then I'd be well and truly f**ked.

But I know, in my heart as well as in my mind, that he does love me like that. I know it on a visceral level. He came to Paris at a single phone call, even after I'd run away from him not once, but twice. He's shown me the wonders of sex. He shows me, each and every day, that I am beautiful, and worthy of love.

He calls me "amore." His love. He looks at me with adoration shining in his coal-black eyes. He touches me as if I was a work of art, a sculpture crafted by God for Luca and Luca alone.

I was.

He makes me almost believe in God again, even though I stopped a long time ago.

He loves me.

And I love him.

June 29

I'm writing this from the swaying silence of a sleeper car in a train. Another train. This one is en route from Firenze to a winery in Tuscany. Why am I going to Tuscany? To find Luca.

He didn't exactly run away, like I did on him, but he left rather abruptly.

I got off the train in Firenze, practically ran to his parents' house to find him and tell him my news. I burst through the door into the courtyard, shouting his name. The courtyard was empty, silent.

I stopped in my tracks, confused. He'd said he'd be here when I got back, waiting for him. I called him from the hotel before I left the coast telling him when my train would arrive.

So where was he?

I went into the kitchen, found Domenica sitting at the table drinking coffee and playing solitaire. I poured myself a mug of coffee, doctored it to my liking, and sat down with a huff. My breath knocked some of Domenica's cards out of alignment and she shot me an irritated glance, then noticed the distress evident on my face.

"He had to work, child. It was some kind of emergency at one of the...cantine, oh Madre di Dio, what's the word-winers? No. Wine-making places. I cannot think of the word in English. But that is where he went. To Montepulciano. He will be back in a few days, he says."

"Wineries," I said.

"Yes, that is it. Thank you. So, please. Do not worrying. Only relax and have more coffee. Help me cook a dinner. Play me in some cards. He will be back before you know it."

I shook my head. "No, Domenica. I can't wait. I have to talk to him."

"Oh?" Domenica didn't look up from her cards, but I could sense her curiosity burning.

I decided to reply in Italian, for some reason. "Io lo amo."

"I know this, figlia," she said. "And so does he."

Figlia. Daughter. My eyes burned at the casual way she said the word.

"Well, I didn't. And he hasn't heard me say it. I need to see him."

Domenica looked up from the cards, smiled at me. She left the table and went to a drawer in a corner of the kitchen, one full of random items, the ubiquitous junk drawer. She rummaged until she found an envelope full of brochures, flipped through them until she found the one she was looking for.

"I believe it is this one he went to. If not, they should be able to locate him for you." Domenica handed me the brightly-colored, tri-fold sheet of glossy paper, printed in Italian. I found the address on the back, copied it down, thanked Domenica. I exchanged the clothes in my overnight bag for clean ones and headed straight back to the train station, acquired a ticket that would take me part of the way.

Now I'm nearly there, and the train is pulling into the station. My heart is already in knots and butterflies, even though I know I still have to find the winery, and he may not be there.

* * *

It's four in the morning, and I can't sleep. My head's all awhirl, as my grandfather used to say.

As I write, my fingers tremble, my gut churns, and my heart pitter-patters.

I said yes.

Argh. Go back, Delilah. Tell the story from the beginning. Telling the story makes it real, helps me tamp down the nerves and deal with the emotions.

Luca snores next to me. Even now, asleep, he rolls over and his hand stretches across my lap to hug my hip. I can't help smiling at the peace in his features, the happiness.

That makes it all alright.

Go back to the beginning.

* * *

I stepped off the train, bag over my arm, sunglasses on against the brilliance of the Tuscan sun. I asked the teller at the station window how to get to the winery, and he suggested renting a car, gave me directions to the rental place just down the street.

I got there, and they had no cars. Well, none that I can drive. See, I can't drive a stick shift, and all the cars were manual transmissions. So I ended up renting a Vespa, a little moped scooter thing. It was baby blue and nearly as old as I am, but it ran. I only had one bag which I strapped to the seat behind me with fraying bungee cords lent to me by the rental agent, who also gave me further directions.

What no one told me was how far away from the main village the winery itself was. Maybe it wasn't that far. Maybe it was just my nerves combined with the turtle-like top speed of the Vespa, which wasn't much faster than I could've walked, honestly. Either way, it seemed to take forever.

It was beyond beautiful. Quintessential Italy. Picturesque rolling hills, row after orderly row of grapevines vanishing over the horizon. Bright sun, blue sky, puffs of cotton clouds. Hot, but not stifling.

I found the main building of the winery after over an hour of tootling along winding roads on an aged scooter. An older man found me wandering along a rack of dusty wine bottles, labeled and unlabeled.

"Can I help you?" he asked in slow Italian.

"Yes," I said, in a more normally-paced conversational tone, "I'm looking for Luca. I was told he might be here."

"Luca?" The old man wrinkled his brow and rubbed a gnarled finger along his upper lip. "Oh, yes, yes. Luca. He is here, somewhere. Out in the grapes, I think. That way."

He pointed at the rolling hills, a vague wave of his hand. "You could wait for him here. It might be easier, you know. The fields are vast. He could be anywhere."

"What is he doing?" I asked.

"Doing? Oh, I have no idea, I am sure. Something important. He is part owner, after all."

"Owner? I didn't know he owned the winery."

The old man shrugged. "Not fully. It's a new thing. There was some problem with the grapes, or an account, perhaps. I don't know. Wait here, if you wish. I can pour you some wine. Or you can go look. Leave your bag here. It will be safe. I'm the only one around."

"I'll go look," I said, setting my bag on a counter.

The old man shrugged, took the bag and set it behind a counter out of sight, then waved to me and tottered off.

I set out into the fields. They stretched in every direction, quickly confusing my sense of orientation. I walked for maybe ten minutes, birds wheeling above me, their twittering the only sound besides the wind.

And then I heard his voice. I found him examining a section of vines which seemed to have been eaten by a bug of some sort. He was talking to another man, a few years older than him, in rapid-fire Italian. I watched from a few feet away, as the two seemed to be arguing rather vehemently and I didn't want to interrupt.

A dog barked behind me, startling me. Dogs don't exactly scare me, but I don't like them. I shrieked and jumped about a foot in the air, turning to see a dog the size of a small horse standing behind me, tongue lolling out of its mouth. It had huge dagger-like teeth, paws as wide as dinner plates with things that looked suspiciously like swords in place of claws. The dog/horse/dragon trotted a few steps closer to me, sniffed my feet, my knees, and then my crotch. I squealed, stumbling backward away from the dog, who followed me and sat on my feet. It then barked, a sound loud enough to deafen me, showing me a mouth full of teeth and a long, pink tongue. Sure, it looked like it was smiling with its tongue flopped out like that, huffing its nasty breath on my chest. Yeah, it was tall enough sitting down that its head was near my tits.

"Get away," I said in English.

The dog didn't move. I heard muffled chuckles behind me, but I didn't dare take my eyes off the massive, flesh-eating beast in front of me. Then I remembered I was in Italy, and the dog wouldn't be trained to obey English commands, but Italian. That's not something I'd ever thought of before then.

"Scendere me, cane! Scendere!"

The dog just barked. My feet were going numb from the two or three tons of dog flesh sitting on them. I gathered my courage and pushed on its chest, but it didn't move. It was like trying to push a building. It nudged me with its nose, and I fell over backward, my feet pinned by its huge backside. It was probably smearing dog shit on my feet.

I don't love dogs.

"Brutus, vieni qui." Luca's voice washed over me.

The dog, Brutus, barked in my face, spattering me with slobber, and then loped away to sit by Luca. I sat up, wiped my now slobber-sticky face, and struggled to my feet.

Luca was unsuccessfully trying to smother a smile. "Delilah, amore, what a pleasing surprise to see you here!"

He came over to me, lifted the bottom edge of his T-shirt and wiped my face clean with it. I pulled a travel-size bottle of sanitizer from my purse and smeared it on my face and hands, to the uproarious laughter of Luca and the other man. The dog had left Luca's side to sit on the other man's feet, and the man was scratching Brutus' ear absently.

"Well, you were gone when I got back, and I had to see you. I wasn't sure when you'd be back, and your mom told me you'd be here, so I came. I hope I'm not interrupting anything."

Luca waved his hand in a dismissal. "No, no. Just a little thing with the grapes. Some kind of insect was eating the crop. We will fix it, no problems."

"I didn't know you were part owner," I said.

Luca shrugged. "It is not so big of a thing. I work for Giancarlo and Mario for many years. When Mario retired, he sold me part of his share for discount."

The other man, who I assumed was Giancarlo, waved at Luca and set out through the rows of grape trellises, Brutus at his heels. When he was out of sight, Luca wrapped me in an embrace.

"You came all the way here only to talk to me?" Luca asked.

I nodded, staring up at him, my arms wrapping around his waist. "I came all the way here to say three words: I love you."

Luca smiled and kissed me, a slow, heated possession of my lips. "You had good thoughts at the coast, then?"

I toyed with the top button of his shirt, and it somehow came undone. "It's not so complicated after all. I belong here, with you."

Three more buttons had come undone while I spoke, and then his shirt was off, tumbling in the light breeze to the dirt underfoot. Luca's fingers skimmed my skin between shorts and shirt, then lifted my shirt over my head. He made quick work of the front clasp to my bra, and then I was topless among the vines, the hot Italian sun shining on us.

"Will what's-his-name come back?" I asked as I unzipped and unbuttoned Luca's jeans.

"Giancarlo? No. He was going home, he said. No one will come out to this section of the fields again." Luca stood nak*d in the sunlight, and my blood raced at the sight of him.

It never failed. His beauty always stunned me, the toned perfection of his muscles, the hard angles and thick slabs of male strength. My shorts fell away, and then Luca spread our clothes on the dirt, lay on top of them and drew me down to him. He was soft beneath me, somehow, despite the hardness of his body. Our lips met, fire lighting in my belly and spreading down to pool between my thighs.

We'd been together many times since I'd arrived in Italy. In beds, on the ground outside, various positions...but this was different. I'd finally broken through the final layer of resistance to the feelings between us. This wasn't just an education in the delights of sex anymore. It never had been. This was love. This was an expression of our feelings for each other, our desire to get closer to one another.

The term "making love" is so often used you don't stop to think about it. But it really is an apt term for what sex truly is between two people who love each other. You are bare, body to body. It's complete vulnerability, physically. Every flaw of your body is on display. If you're in a relationship where you're open and trusting of your partner, then you're totally vulnerable with them emotionally as well. That takes bravery. If you think about it, making love, hav**g s*x, is an act of incredible trust. You are placing your body at the mercy of the other person. Your performance, your abilities and experience or lack thereof is presented for inspection. All you are, as a person, is there to be seen.

With Luca, I realized-or I'm realizing now as I write this-that it had always been a physical relationship, for me. I enjoyed the things he made me feel. I enjoyed his touch, the sight of his body, the unbelievable bliss of orgasm. But I don't think I truly appreciated the gift Luca was giving me until that afternoon in the grape fields of Montepulciano. He was giving me himself. He was trusting me with his emotions. It was never just sex for him. He was taking a risk, a huge risk that almost didn't pay off. If I hadn't been able to face the truth of my love for him, he would have been heartbroken.

I saw this in his eyes as he cradled me against him, there in the dirt with the smell of soil and sun on foliage. Our bodies merged in a dance of union. It wasn't mere penetration, it was beyond terms like "cock" and "pussy". I've used those terms, and I will again, because I like them. They're dirty and raw and honest. But there was more, in that moment.

I struggle, even now, to contain and fathom the enormity of true love made physical expression. It seems a fairy tale thing, those words: true love. It's something for the storybooks. For the Prince and his lady, as they kiss against the sunset after defeating evil. It's something every girl dreams of, playing Barbies and House and watching the chick flick romance movies.

And I almost missed it.

He held me to his chest and kissed my lips with tender passion as he moved into me. His body was the softest, most comfortable bed, his arms wrapping me in a protective cocoon, his hands caressing my skin, his hardness sliding inside my slick heat, driving the fires hotter, pushing my love for him deeper with every stroke.

Our kiss broke and our eyes met as we moved. I opened myself, heart, mind, body and soul, to what he was offering. I let the fears slide away, beading as sweat on my skin. He saw me, truly saw me, and he loved me, for all I was. I tried to take it in, to get my heart around it, to get my soul to grasp it, my mind to understand it, but I couldn't. It was too much.

I smiled from pure joy as tears streamed down my face. I kissed him, salty wetness mingling as our lips touched, and he didn't ask what was wrong. He saw the overwhelming flood-tide of emotions coursing in me, and he accepted it, radiated it back.

He moved, he caressed, he slid and slipped and touched and kissed. He loved. Slowly, furiously, perfectly. He filled me, set me alight.

I'll let one cliche slide: he completed me. Cliches are so often repeated because of their inherent truth. In this, the truth is undeniable. The person who truly, madly, deeply loves you does in fact complete you. The Bible speaks in Genesis about man cleaving to the woman, and they become one flesh. Even if you don't read the Bible, you've heard the phrase bandied about, most likely. Well, that's another phrase that has deep meaning if you stop to think about it.

One flesh. It's more than a joining. More than a physical meeting of bodies. You truly merge, especially in the instant of mutual cli**x. Space and time and boundaries between identities fade away, until all that exists for those brief, endless seconds, is you, one melded person, one self. You. One you, from two fragments of I.

We became one flesh. I stopped worrying about the future, about the past, about what if. I let my love well up and burgeon, become larger, swell and sway and ignite and catalyze. His body moved within mine, and passions flared until passion drifted away and became something else. I breathed in his scent, felt the heat of his skin against mine and his lips on my flesh and his hands on my back and buttocks and in my hair.

Climax came as a sobbing eruption of raw emotion. His fingers coiled in my hair and he breathed my name, a prayer to the winds. He moved with desperation, writhing beneath me as if there was no way to get close enough.

"I love you, Luca," I gasped.

Our eyes met, burned, wavered with tears.

"Ti amo, Delilah. I love you," Luca whispered, thrusting with each syllable. "Ti amo. Ti amo."

We went still and silent, eventually.

* * *

I put a scene break here simply because I wanted to place some space between the majesty of that experience and all that came after.

We dressed and made our way through the fields back to where I'd parked. Luca had a good laugh at the Vespa I'd ridden to get to the winery, and told me he knew the rental agent, he'd arrange to have it picked up for me. We fetched my bag from inside the building and Luca led me around back to where he'd parked.

He drove us back to Montepulciano, to a little inn where he'd let a room for the night. We showered, making love again in the shower. Oh lord, how amazing. Hot water sluicing down on our bodies, washing away the dirt of travel and relaxing our muscles, pleasure rippling through us, heat in us and on us and around us. He pinned me against the wall and held my leg up around his waist, plunged up into me, lifting onto his toes as he thrust. I bit his shoulder with each hard thrust, moaning into the firm silk of his flesh, tasting skin and water. I moaned his name in his ear as I came, and then he shot his hot seed into me, his lips meeting mine with each thrust of his release.

And then we had to wash all over again. The water ran lukewarm by the time we were clean and dry. We dressed and Luca led me out onto the streets, bustling with tourists and locals, splashing fountains lit yellow in the dark of descending night. We found a table at a little restaurant and talked over wine, pasta, and cannolis.

I was learning more and more Italian with every passing day, and larger portions of our conversations were taking place in Luca's language rather than mine. This seemed fitting. I was learning to express myself, and he would gently correct my grammar or pronunciation or syntax.

We left the little cafe and strolled the streets, hand in hand, sometimes talking, sometimes not. And then we turned a corner and Luca froze, his hand crushing mine with sudden strength.

A woman stood in front of us, holding a young girl, maybe ten years old, by the hand. I knew instinctively who this was: Lia and Luisa.

Two gut reactions warred within me. One part of me wanted to drop Luca's hand; the other part wanted to lean closer, wrap my arm around his waist and establish my claim.

Lia's eyes widened with surprise, and then wavered with fear. Luisa seemed confused, as if she didn't know what she felt.

No one spoke for a long tense moment.

"Lia..." Luca said in Italian. "I did not expect to see you here."

"We are just passing through," Lia responded, after a brief pause. "We were visiting family in the north."

Luca licked his lips and his hand flexed in mine. I held still, not letting go or moving closer to him.

"Luisa," Luca said. "You have grown tall. How are you?"

Luisa looked first to her mother, and then back at Luca. "I am a child. Children grow." She tilted her head to the side. "Why did we suddenly no longer live with you, Luca? Mamma won't speak of it."

Luca's face contorted as he struggled to find an answer, and to contain his emotions. "It...that is a hard question to answer, Luisa." He knelt down, and I rested my hand on his shoulder; I knew, on some bone-deep level, that he needed the constant contact with me to get through this sudden, surprising meeting. "It is something that is difficult for even adults to talk about, sometimes."

Luisa frowned. "What you mean to say is that you will not tell me, because I am a child. 'You won't understand, Luisa,'" she spoke as if by rote, in a deep voice. "'I will explain when you're older.'"

Luca rubbed his face with his hand. "You are a smart young lady, so I will not tell you any lies, or any such nonsense as that. I do not know why your mother did not want to live with me anymore. I am sure she had her reasons, though, and I know she loves you, and wants the best for you."

"Well yes, I know that. She is my mother. Mammas love their daughters. But I have wondered for a very long time why we left. I thought maybe it was because you did not want to be a Papa to a girl who was not your own."

Lia choked back some kind of outburst. Luca glanced up at her briefly and then back to Luisa. He put his hand on the girl's arm.

"No, little one. That is not the reason. I would-" he cut himself off. "No. That is not the reason. You must know that. Okay? It was not anything that you did do, or did not do. It was not you."

Luisa nodded. "Mommy has a boyfriend, you know. His name is Marco. He is nice, but he is not so handsome as you, I think." She seemed to have accepted his answer in the way of children, and then moved on.

"Luisa, that is enough," Lia cut in, flushing. She tugged Luisa's hand. "We should go. Say goodbye, Luisa."

Luca stood up. He glanced at me, and in that brief meeting of our eyes, I saw a welter of emotions. He looked at Lia again, opened his mouth to speak, and then closed it again with a glance back at me.

I thought I understood what he was debating. "Ask her, Luca," I said in English.

He nodded and squeezed my hand. "Why did you leave, Lia? I need to know. It will not change anything, nor do I wish to. But...I need to know."

She shook her head, glanced down at Luisa and back to Luca. "You were not right for me. You wanted something from me I could not give, and I did not know how to say it. So I left."

Luca shook his head. "That is not it. You took everything, Lia. Everything."

"I had no job, no skills. I did not know how I was going to support us, Luisa and I, when I left. I know it was wrong, and I am so very sorry. I have regretted it, since. You are a good man, and you deserved better treatment than that." She looked at her feet. "You deserved better than me."

"If you had just told me-" Luca began.

"No more, Luca," Lia cut in. "Not here, not now. I have given you an explanation. It is enough."

I felt a rush of the old panic at the raw emotion evident in Luca. I'd thought he was over it, past it, but now, with this, I suddenly wasn't so sure.

Lia tugged Luisa into a walk, moving past us. "Goodbye, Luca. I hope you have a happy life. I hope you have found what you deserve."

Luisa pulled free of her mother and hugged Luca. "Will I see you again?"

Luca shook his head slowly. "No, Luisa. You will not."

She nodded. "Maybe I will find you when I am older, and we can be friends."

"Perhaps we can," Luca said, giving the girl a gentle nudge toward her mother. "Now you should go. You must not keep your mother waiting. She does not like to be late."

Luisa and Lia rounded the corner out of view. Luisa looked back one last time as she disappeared.

Luca was quiet for a long time, staring after them, as if he could see them walking away.

"Are you okay?" I asked.

Luca nodded. "It was a shock to see them, after all this time."

He pulled on my hand and we resumed walking. After a few steps I had to ask.

"Are you over her? For real?"

Luca looked at me, frowning. "Over her? Of course I am over her. As I said, it was a great shock to meet them so unexpectedly."

I shrugged. "I don't know. You just seemed upset. I thought maybe you were...missing her."

Luca shook his head. "Upset, yes. The way she left me hurt me very much. It is why you running away as you did was so difficult for me. Why I could not move on if you did it again. I was upset, yes...but miss her? No. We were not right for each other. She was correct in what she said. She could not give me what I needed, nor I could I give to her what she needed, it seemed. She took the cowardly way out, but it is over. It is done. I was more upset for the sake of Luisa. I always hoped she did not think I abandoned her. I feel better, now, after speaking to her. She knows I did not abandon her. It is all I could ask for, from that situation."

I felt better, then. "As long as you're sure you don't-"

He stopped, pushed me back against the wall and interrupted me with a kiss. "Only you, amore. Only you, my Delilah. I want her no more than you want Harry back. It is done, for the better of both of us."

We kissed in the orange glow of a streetlight, the soft splash of a fountain the soundtrack of our lips' dance. We walked the streets of Montepulciano for a while longer after that. We returned to our room in the wee hours, and made love yet again.

Each time is different. In the grape fields it was slow and languorous and deeply emotional; in the shower it was rough and hungry; then, late at night, in the darkness of the room lit only by stars and city lights, it was wild and noisy and acrobatic, exhausting and satiating.

I lay in his arms, panting, sweat-slick, quivering from aftershocks and afterglow.

Luca's fingers were toying with my hair, and his eyes traced my features. He was deep in thought, and I wanted to ask what he was thinking, but I knew he'd come out with it when he was ready.

I felt my eyes growing heavy when Luca lifted up on an elbow. I carved a line between his pectoral muscles with the pad of my thumb. His charcoal eyes were limpid with emotion.

"I could not bear to have you leave again, Delilah," he said.

I scooted closer to him and kissed his chin. "I'm not going anywhere, I promise. I love you. I want to be with you."

"Forever?"

My breath caught. "What? What are you...what are you asking?"

"I'm asking if you wish to be with me, to love me, forever." He took my left hand in his, touched my ring finger. "I do not have anything to glitter here, in this moment. I have only me. Only my love, for all of my life."

I reached up and wrapped a lock of his hair around my ring finger. "Say it, Luca. Say the words."

"Will you be married to me, mia bella Delilah?"

I nodded and kissed him. "I will."

Luca laughed. "I suppose this was not the kind of romantic proposal of marriage a woman imagines, hmm?"

"No, probably not, but it was perfect."

"I will buy you a ring, amore," Luca said. "Just as soon as we get back to Firenze-"

"Shut up, Luca," I said. "You're spoiling the moment. I don't need a ring. I had one, a big one, and it didn't mean shit. Love me forever, and never betray me. That's all I need."

"This I can do. But I will still buy you a ring, so all the jealous men will know you belong to me."

I snuggled close to him and felt his breathing slow. "I belong to you." I was more tasting the words for myself than saying them to him.

He murmured something unintelligible in Italian, and then he was snoring.

I waited until he was deeply asleep to start my clickity-clacking on the keys.

He's stirring now, and I know he can feel me awake. He wants me to cuddle close to him, and now that I've gotten all this out, I can finally fall asleep.

I said yes.

Oh boy.

August 3

There was a crazy flurry of activity over the last few days. Apparently getting engaged is a huge deal in Luca's family. We haven't even talked about when we're actually getting married (*gulp*) and already Luca's sisters and sisters-in-law are making plans and taking me away for girl's nights and all sorts of nonsense. There was a huge party when Luca and I announced our news. There was lots of wine and grappa, kids dancing to music played by Elisabetta and Lucia.

They've welcomed me with open arms. They are my family.

August 4

Luca bought me a ring. It's a thin platinum band with two small diamonds to either side of a larger one. It's beautiful, and perfect. He took me to Ponte Vecchio late in the evening, stopped me with my back to the railing, crowds passing around us, watching.

He dropped to his knee, a ring box in his hand.

I tugged on him, laughing. "I already said yes, Luca! What are you doing?"

He grinned. "It did not seem correct to just hand it to you. It is an engagement ring. A man must do it right, no? So. Delilah Flores, will you marry me?"

People had stopped to watch, cheering, whistling, calling out encouragement in Italian and English and German and French.

I waited a few moments, just to draw out the tension of the moment for the crowd, then I stepped closer to him, bent down and kissed him. "Yes." I kissed him again and pulled him to his feet. "You are ridiculous, and I love you."

"You are more ridiculous, and I love you."

The crowd around us went nuts, and we both laughed.

May 4 (the following year)

I started a new diary not long after Luca proposed to me. It just seemed to be a new chapter of my life, and I wanted to commemorate it by starting a new diary. But now I want to come back to this one and put on an addendum.

An Epilogue, if you will.

I'm getting married tomorrow. I'm sitting in my hotel room in Venice, dressed for my bachelorette party. They don't call it that here, of course, but that's what it is, to me.

I called my parents and told them, well, not everything, but that I was getting married in Italy, to an Italian. My mother hung up on me. I didn't bother calling Leah.

Now, waiting for the girls to come bustling into my room and take me out to get me drunk, I know they are truly my family. Lucia was the first to hug me and brush away my tears when Mother hung up on me. Luca was gone at the time, on a business trip to Viterbo.

The funny thing was that while I was hurt, of course, I wasn't devastated like I would have been, once upon a time. I wasn't even all that surprised. No one seemed all that upset that I'd left, after all. Mother didn't ask where I was, or what had happened with Harry, or if I was okay.

Domenica is teaching me to cook. Domenica is a patient teacher, and I am an eager student, so I am learning well. I can almost make Luca's favorite dish to his liking, although he very seriously has made it clear that he doubts I will ever make it like his mother, and I agree. But I can try.

I never cooked back in the States. We ate out, or we ordered in, or we did something simple, partially frozen or from a kit. We rarely ate together. Here, meals are events, a time to gather and discuss life and spend time with family. The entire family, including me and Luca, all live within minutes of Domenica and Dante, so there are always people eating in the kitchen, or at the long dining room. Everyone gathers there on Sundays, and various combinations come at will during the week. It is a place where all are welcome, all the time.

When Luca and I had our first real argument as a couple, about something stupid which I can't remember, I stormed out the door of our flat and walked to Domenica's. I had a cup of late night coffee with Domenica, who was still up, as if she knew she would be needed. Luca showed up a while later, beer on his breath and lust in his eyes. He kissed his mother, had a cup of coffee, and acted as if nothing had happened.

When he finally dragged me away from his mother, I was still trying to hold on to my irritation over whatever petty thing we'd spatted about. He just laughed at me, pressed me back against a wall and kissed me until I had no choice but to melt into his lips. He dragged me home, threw me onto our bed, stripped me of my clothes with greedy fingers and ravaged me with his tongue until I begged him to stop and let me feel him inside me. He obliged me, sliding up my body, lingering with his mouth on my breast, plunging into me without warning. I gasped, hooked my heels around his back and curled into him, taking all he had to give and demanding more, harder.

The girls are here, demanding I close my laptop and come party with them.

May 6

What a perfect day. We picked Venice because a lot of Luca's extended family was coming from closer to that city. It was a lovely day, as every day seems to be in this country.

There was no bride's side, groom's side in our chapel. I don't know if it's because that's an exclusively American tradition, or because his family tactfully avoided letting it happen. It didn't matter if I didn't have any family, anyway, because Luca has enough for both of us. His mother and father both come from large families, so the chapel was filled to capacity with chattering, laughing family. Like his immediate family, the extended bunch all welcomed me with open, loving arms, flaming, bottle-red hair and all. By the time the holidays and Carnivale came around, I was fluent enough in Italian that no one felt the need to revert to English for my sake. That was when I realized I'd really been truly accepted, I think, that I knew I really belonged.

It was an amazing feeling. I'd never really fit in back in the States, not with my family, not with Harry, not in the cutesy little podunk town. Here, in Firenze, with Domenica and Lorenzo and little Benito and baby Maria and Elisabetta, I belong. I fit. I am home.

The wedding. Focus, Delilah.

Oh my. The wedding was traditional, sung in Latin and all the standing up and sitting down. It was beautiful, but short and to the point. The real fun was the reception. It took place in a vineyard not far from Venice, outside in the fiery light of the setting sun. There was a live band playing upbeat music, perfect for dancing to. We went through gallons of excellent wine, of course. Food by the table-full. There were easily three times as many people at the reception as the wedding, it seemed. Some people saw the party and just showed up, and they were welcome. It was raucous, rowdy, and wild. It lasted through the night and into the following dawn.

I danced until I was exhausted, drank until I was dizzy, and then ate until the buzz went away, and then did it all over again. Eventually, when the gray light of spreading dawn gave way to the full light of day, people started to fade away in ones and twos, and then at last Luca led me inside to the winery building, where a small apartment was ready for us. We crashed, that night. We'd partied hard, and fell asleep in our clothes. We woke up a few hours past noon and took a limo to a local airport.

It was the best day of my life. So many people, all having a joyous time, all in celebration of my marriage. Unlike receptions back in the States, this was a cut-loose affair, a true celebration. No one held back, no one felt a need to behave a certain way, or act appropriately. People got drunk, and had fun. There was no drama, no problems.

Oh, I can't put it all into words.

Luca stole me away whenever he could, pulled me into the rows of grapes and kissed me until I was dizzy from his kisses.

Then, once, well past midnight, when we were both drunk, Luca got the look in his eyes, the one that said he wanted me and he didn't care how he had to get it. I led him into the winery building and up some stairs to a darkened office.

I hiked up my dress, now a more party-appropriate number, and he bent me over the desk, held my h*ps tight and took me there, keeping our voices hushed and our cries of cli**x muffled.

When we reappeared, there were catcalls and bawdy suggestions, some not far from the truth. Once, I would have been mortified, but now I took it in stride, laughed it off as good-natured ribbing.

We're on the plane to the Caribbean for our honeymoon and Luca is still sending work emails while I write this. He says once we get to our hotel on St. Martin he's taking my netbook away until we get back home to Firenze.

I won't mind. I'll have plenty of memories to fill up new diaries in the years to come.

* * *

This is Luca writing this. I have stolen Delilah's laptop from her. Someday I will buy her a new computer, but for now she says this one is suitable. I think it is ridiculous to use something so small, but if she likes it, what can I say?

Anyway, I have stolen this to say that she will have so much good times on our honeymoon that she will not need to even think of writing her diary. Always writing, is this one.

I have read this diary of hers, when she not looking. She is reading over my shoulder now and slapping me, thinking she is mad. She knows she is not. I think she is a very talented writer, and perhaps she should make this diary into a book. I am thinking many people will find it good to read, as I do.

The airplane is about to land and the attendants are telling us to put away electronics. So, for Delilah, I will put the correct words at the finish of her diary, this story of how she fell in love with a dashing, handsome Italian man.

She will write more, I know. But as for this one?

