June 7

I found Harry in flagrante delicto this morning. By which I mean, balls-deep in the church secretary, in our bed, in our house. Bitch had her varicose-vein legs all up around his waist and she was screaming, "Yes, yes, Harry, f**k me harder."

Just to clarify, Harry is my husband. And the church secretary is the pastor's wife.

I froze in the doorway of our bedroom, halted in the act of pulling my coffee-soaked sweater over my head. My tatas were sticking out of my too-small bra-too small because Harry was too much of a cheap-ass tightwad to buy me a new bra that actually fits-and my skirt was still soaking wet from the coffee I'd spilled on myself on the way to work, prompting my unexpected return home. My skin prickled into goosebumps, and I felt something hard and hot forming in the pit of my stomach.

I've always been a level-headed type of girl, not given to hysterics or outbursts. I've always done the right thing, the smart thing, the good thing. I saved myself for marriage, like a good girl. I only ever dated Harry, and we only ever kissed, on my parent's front porch, with my parents discreetly not watching from the living room.

Well, in that moment, with Harry staring at me with wide, frightened eyes over his sweaty shoulder...I lost it.

I mean, I went completely batshit crazy. I took off my stiletto heel and threw it at Harry, hitting Helen in the side as Harry tried to roll off her. She shrieked and toppled to the side and right off the bed, her floppy little titties bouncing as she fell. I took off my other heel and chucked it at my cheating-bastard husband as hard as I could. I nailed him right in the head. Cut open his forehead, loosing a ribbon of blood all across his nak*d, sweating belly and the clean white sheets, my sheets, my Michael Kors sheets I saved for a month to afford.

The shoe throwing wasn't the batshit part. That, I offer up, is a perfectly natural reaction to finding your pig of a husband porking a cheating whore of a homewrecker in your bed, on your Michael Kors sheets.

No, the batshit part came later. Right then, after I'd hurled both shoes, I stormed past Harry into our walk-in closet and threw handfuls of clothes into the biggest suitcase I could find. I ripped dresses and skirts and blouses off the hangers, yanked piles of jeans and shorts off the shelves, and stuffed it all willy-nilly into the suitcase. I was still half-naked, wet and sweaty now, but I didn't care. Helen and Harry were watching me, silent, disbelieving, unspeaking, Harry pressing a hand to his gushing forehead.

I stripped my wet clothes off, only to realize I'd already shut the suitcase with all my other clothes in it, forcing me to dig, completely nak*d now, through the suitcase to find panties, a clean bra, and something to wear.

No one had said a word.

I hauled my heavy suitcase past the shell-shocked cheaters, not looking at them, not speaking to them. I grabbed my purse off the kitchen counter where I'd left it, stuffed my phone charger in my purse, and walked out.

Harry hadn't apologized, or tried to explain, and neither had Helen Warner. Suited me fine. What was there to say?

I got in my car, still unable to process thoughts through my raging, whirling, stunned head. I drove to the bank. My sister is the manager of the bank, and she's always hated Harry, for reasons I'd never understood. I stomped into the bank, into her office, interrupting a phone call.

"Betty, I'll have to call you back," Leah said into the phone, and hung up. "Delilah? What's wrong? What happened?"

I slammed the door behind me and collapsed into the chair in front of her desk. I didn't cry. I just sat there, staring blankly at the carpet between my feet.

"Dee? Talk to me. What's going on, honey?" Leah was beside me, kneeling with a hand on my knee, looking up at me with sincerity oozing from her pretty blue eyes.

I realized then that she knew. She knew about Harry and Helen Warner.

"Why didn't you tell me?" I said, the words a whisper.

"Tell you what?" She feigned confusion, but I could see worry lines forming between her perfectly-plucked eyebrows.

"About Harry and Helen." I dug my fingers into my trembling thighs. "I found them together. In my bed. Fucking."

I never swore. I'd always considered cursing to be the sign of a weak mind, since that's what my parents always told me, but right then, a good strong curse word was all I could come up with.

"They were f**king in my bed, Leah. Our bed. My husband and the pastor's wife. In our bed." I leveled a glare at my sister, and it was vehement enough to send her stumbling backward, smoothing her silk skirt around her slim, perfect hips.

Her slim hips. Helen had slim hips. Like my sister Leah, Helen had small br**sts, small buttocks, small feet and hands, small waist...

"You knew, didn't you?" I said. "You knew about Harry cheating on me."

Leah crossed around to sit at her desk. She straightened the legal pad and the pens, centering them, her eyes not meeting mine.

And then something else clicked into place. Looks exchanged during family dinners between my sister Leah and my husband Harry. A business trip I took to Chicago last fall, coincidentally occurring at the same time as Leah's husband was on a business trip as well. Now I was suspicious of Leah as well.

"Yes," she said, clicking a pen. "I knew. They've been sleeping together for months. Everyone knows."

Small town Illinois. Of course everyone would know, except me. Stupid, naive me.

Leah still wasn't looking at me, and that was when I knew for certain. She was guilty, and not just of forgetting to tell me about Helen. Leah's shoulders were slumped, her fingers trembling and tense.

I shouldered my purse, not to leave, but because it gave me something to do while I summoned the words to accuse my sister.

"You too, right?" It wasn't what I wanted to say, but it was a start. "You and him, on that business trip. You f**ked him, didn't you?"

That word was coming easier, now. I liked it. It was a hard, dirty, sinful word. It made me feel less like a good little Christian girl, which I suddenly didn't want to be anymore.

A single tear dripped from Leah's nose to the calendar on her desk. She nodded. "When you and Mike both went on a business trip...Harry and I met in Peoria. Spent the week together. After you and Mike came back...there was just once more. After church one Sunday. You went home sick, and Mike got called into work."

"Does Mike know?"

I liked Mike. He was a genial, generous, kind-hearted man. He and Leah had two kids together, Lucy and Raymond. Good kids.

Leah shook her head. "No. It would kill him. His heart, you know. It's not so good these days." She looked at me for the first time in several minutes. Her mascara was running. "Please don't tell him," she whispered, hoarse, pleading.

"Who else-" My voice broke and tried again. "Who else has he f**ked?"

Leah scrubbed her face, pulled a Kleenex from a box on her desk and dabbed at her eyes. "Cynthia Roberts. Tonya Hammond. That's all I know of for sure."

My head spun. "We've been married for eight years, Leah. Eight years. He's cheated on me with four different women? One of them my own sister?" I was close to yelling now.

"There's probably more. He's a dog, Dee. He always has been. Everyone saw it but you. Everyone knows Harry sleeps around on you."

He wasn't that good looking, I didn't think. But then, ours was a small town, with a negligible supply of virile, halfway handsome men. Harry was tall, a little overweight now, but still carrying the natural bulk of powerful man. He was bigger than me, which was part of the reason I married him, honestly. He didn't make me feel big. I felt like a normal-sized woman with him. Helen had seemed tiny, in comparison. Like a doll underneath him. Leah, tiny little Leah...she must have been lost underneath him. The image slammed into my mind, and wouldn't leave: Harry, pale, hairy buttocks flashing and pumping, Leah, skinny, porcelain legs around his waist, tiny voice encouraging him...

I squeezed my eyes shut and tried to banish the image.

The hot, hard lump in my belly was moving upwards, now, lodged in my chest.

The same instinct that had driven me to pack up and leave was driving me now. I didn't second guess myself.

"Cash out my bank account, Leah."

Leah was startled by the sudden command, the steel in my voice. I've always been a meek person, despite my size. Leah was always the fierce, dominating one.

"But-but, Delilah...that's yours and Mike's...together. It's in his name too. I can't just-"

"Now, Leah. Or I'll tell everyone."

Everyone in town knowing a secret without it being said is one thing. Having it aired in public is another. Leah knew me well enough to know I had the means, as the editor-in-chief of the town newspaper, to spread the word if I wanted to.

Leah nodded. She tapped at her keyboard, and then scurried out of the office, summoning her calm-and-in-command face. I sat, seething on the inside and still on the outside. Leah returned with three fat envelopes. Twenty thousand dollars.

Harry and I had been saving for a down payment on a bigger house.

I took the envelopes and put them at the bottom of my purse, underneath the erotica novel I was secretly reading and my cell phone and my wallet.

"Good-bye, Leah."

I turned and walked out without a backward glance, leaving my sister, my only family, sitting stunned, and for once, speechless.

The bank was only a few blocks from the bus station, so I left my car with the keys on the seat, took my suitcase from the trunk and rolled it behind me. I felt eyes on me. People stopped in the act of eating their lunches at Loreen's Diner, in the act of getting in their cars, in the act of playing checkers in the park. They all watched me pull my overstuffed suitcase behind me, purse on my shoulder, eyes burning, to the bus station.

I couldn't take it. I stopped, turned to face the town.

"Harry Flores is a cheating whore!" I screamed, as loud as my lungs would go. "He's f**ked half the town!"

I saw Cynthia and Tonya standing side by side on the sidewalk. Best friends, those two.

"Including you two, Cynthia Roberts and Tonya Hammond!" My voice was about to give out. "Including Helen Warner! And my sister!"

I turned back around, feeling the stunned, embarrassed silence close in around me. I refused to acknowledge anyone. I found the ticket counter, with hatchet-faced Marge Conyers behind it looking hard-pressed to meet my eyes.

"One-way ticket to Chicago, please."

Marge just nodded, punched the keyboard, handed me a ticket.

I turned away, then stopped. "You too, Marge? Did you f**k my husband?"

Marge turned eight shades of red. "Before you were married, just after he proposed." She wouldn't meet my eyes. "He's got a small penis, and he wasn't that good."

She looked surprised at that last, as if she hadn't meant to say it.

"I wouldn't know," I said, my voice cold and arch. "He's all I've ever had."

I found my bus, idling and about to leave. It was empty, but for a few stop-over passengers. I found a seat near the back and sat with my purse on my lap, fighting the burning in my eyes. The hot, hard lump was in my throat, now.

The bus rumbled to life and groaned away from the tiny town where I'd lived my entire life. I found the weight on my shoulders, which I hadn't noticed until that moment, lift away, leaving me better able to breathe. The more miles the Greyhound bus put between me and TinyTown, Illinois, the less weight I felt.

I made it an hour and half before the first tear dripped off my nose and onto my yoga pants. The only other passengers were near the front, several rows up, asleep or wearing earbuds. I let a sniffle out, and then another tear.

The storm swept over me, then, and I collapsed across the other seat, the armrest hard and biting into my side. I didn't care. I let the tears rip free from me, sobbing until I was exhausted.

When the storm passed, I levered myself into a sitting position again, and found an older black woman sitting in the seat across from me, eyes wide and brown and kind, gray-shot black hair tied back in a bun.

"Caught your man cheatin' didn'tcha?" Her voice was a gentle rasp.

I nodded, dabbing at my eyes with the hem of my triple-XL Disneyworld T-Shirt.

"It ain't the end of the world, you know. Just the end of what you knew." She sidled across the aisle and sat next to me, took my clammy hand in her dry, papery one.

"What I knew was my world. He was my first, and my only. I saved myself for marriage, till I was twenty-one. I've never even kissed another man." The old woman just nodded and squeezed my hand, so I kept going. "We went to the same high school, the same college. I've known him my whole life. We dated for five years before he proposed, and in that time I never even looked at another man. I've been with Harry for thirteen years. Since I was sixteen. We barely kissed. On our wedding night, he-he got drunk, and so did I. I don't even remember...doing it. I remember it hurting a little, and then he fell asleep."

The old woman laughed. "Well, sweetheart, I hate to say it, but that may have been for the best. First times ain't what they're cracked up to be. My first time was damned awful. Course, he wasn't gentle, none."

"Harry was always gentle with me. Treated me right. Took care of me. But...it was always the same, with him. We'd get in bed, and he'd move up behind me and start touching my boobs. I'd...roll to my back, and he'd put it in, and then he'd finish, and that's it." I sniffled and looked out the window. "I'm sorry. I don't know why I'm telling you this. I don't even know your name."

"Susan," she said, giving my hand another squeeze. "You go ahead and tell me. You gotta tell someone, don't you? I been where you are."

"My name is Delilah," I said.

"Delilah. A pretty name for a pretty girl." Susan brushed a lock of my waist-length mouse-brown hair out of my eye. It was a grandmother's gesture, and it made me feel better.

"I spilled coffee on myself on the way to work this morning. Just a few hours ago. I went home to change, and I found him in our bed with the pastor's wife. She looked like she was enjoying it more than I ever did." My cell phone rang, and I shut it off.

"I found my husband just the same way. There was an accident at work, everyone got sent home. Came in to find him with my best friend. 'Course, he wasn't just doin' her. He was in her butthole. He tried to do that with me, once, but I wasn't havin' none of that." Susan shook her head. "He was my first, too, my husband. Wasn't my last though, and I came to find out what I'd been missin'. That's what you should do."

I looked at her in surprise. "In her...he was putting it in her butt?" I made a grimace of disgust. "Yuck. What do you mean, you found out what you'd been missing?"

Susan laughed. "Well, it sounds gross, but it's pretty nice, if he does it right." She gave me a serious, searching look. "You've had your world turned upside down, Delilah. You've left your home, and that's a good start. My advice? Just live life. Do things. Have an adventure. Meet a man and don't hold back. It doesn't have to be love, you know. It can just feel good, too."

Her words hit me hard. I wasn't sure if I wanted to believe her or not. What she was telling me went against everything I'd been brought up to believe in, all my life. I was a Bible-reading, church-going Christian. Sex was part of marriage, and an expression of love. Nothing else. Anything else was a sin, and an abomination before God.

Then her first admission filtered through. "Wait, you've done it...back there, with a man?"

Susan laughed uproariously, then leaned close. "Delilah, you just ain't got any idea what you're missing. There's a whole world waiting for you out there. Start with the simple stuff. Kiss a man, first. If you've never done anything but with your cheatin' ex-husband, then you gotta start simple. Go somewhere far away and figure out who you are. Just you start there. Find out who you are."

I talked with Susan all the rest of the way to Chicago. The last thing she said to me, before we parted ways on the platform, was life-changing.

"Delilah? Get a makeover. Change how you look. Go wild, girl. Who you used to be is gone. Be someone new."

She kissed my cheek, squeezed my hand, and walked away. I took my braid in my hand, my waist-length braid that had never been cut, and then looked down at my yoga pants and my tattered T-shirt, and realized Susan was right.

It was late afternoon by then, and I was alone in Chicago. I hadn't eaten anything that day, and I was getting shaky from hunger, so I took a taxi to a little restaurant I'd visited when I was here on my business trip, then found a room at the same hotel.

I stood in the bathroom of my hotel room after a shower, nak*d in front of the mirror, examining myself. My hair was nut-brown, loose, past my waist when unbraided. My eyes were a vivid cerulean, like sun-lit sapphires. Five-foot-seven, one-eighty on a good day. I touched my thirty-eight DD br**sts, still perky but definitely heavy, with dark areolas the size of half-dollars, thick n**ples. Wide hips, and a round but tight ass, always a little bigger than I'd like, no matter how hard I tried to make it shrink.

I ran my hands through my hair, which had never been truly cut in all my life, only trimmed an inch or two here and there. If I was going to get a makeover, it would start with my hair. Cutting it would be brutally difficult.

My skin was one of my best features, I'd always thought. Creamy and fair and flawless, soft as silk and white as porcelain. I ran my hands over my br**sts, feeling a faint twinge of something electric deep in my belly as my palms whisked across my n**ples. I'd heard women could pleasure themselves, but I'd never been brave enough to try. I mean, sure, I'd touched myself, learning my body as a little girl. But I knew without having to be outright told that to touch one's self like that was a sin, a dirty, worldly sin as bad as lying or stealing or using cuss words. As a young woman I'd hoped my boyfriend and then husband would provide the pleasure I wanted, and then when that didn't happen, I started to feel like to touch myself sexually would be cheating on my husband, and of course, there was the lingering stigma surrounding masturb**ion from childhood. I started a few times, when Harry was gone and I was desperate for any kind of pleasure in life, but I could never summon the courage to keep going.

Now, I slipped my hands down my sides and to my waist, running them down my full hips, and around to my thighs.

Should I? The idea of touching myself to feel sexual pleasure still made something deep in my psyche twitch with disapproval. Reason enough to try it. I was on a mission, I realized; I had to leave behind everything I used to be.

What better place to start than this?

I touched my br**sts again, lifted them, then let them down and took a nipple between the thumb and forefinger of each hand, and squeezed, gently at first. Oh my...the electric current shot through me as I pinched myself, rippling down through my belly and into my knees, to my thighs and to my...

What should I call it?

I couldn't think of a word I liked. Vag**a? No. I dismissed that one as too clinical. I thought of all the words I'd heard in movies, from the lips of the vulgar, read in my secret erotica novels-my one dirty little secret. Twat? Too foreign-sounding, too insulting. Cunt? Hell no; too filthy. Pussy? That was the word used in the erotica books the most.

I ran my hands down my belly and pushed my fingers into the triangular thicket of curly hairs. I liked that word.

"Pussy," I said the word out loud. It echoed in the small bathroom, an accusing sound. I said it again, pushing past the feelings of guilt and stigma.

"Pussy. I'm going to touch my p**sy." I giggled. "Pussy, p**sy, p**sy."

I giggled again. Saying it so many times in a row made it sound like I was calling a cat.

I tried a sentence I'd read in my latest book: "I'm going to finger my p**sy."

That sounded better.

I was blushing, though.

I put one hand on my breast...I adjusted my thought: my tit-and rolled the nipple between my fingers again, and then, just for variety, flicked it, quite hard. I gasped, and felt something dampen between my legs. It felt good. Very good.

I traced a finger along the crease of my p**sy, still feeling a twinge of guilt at the nasty word. I wondered what it would feel like to put my finger inside. Would it feel like when Harry put his penis in it?

I felt nauseous thinking of Harry, so I pushed his name from my mind, resolving to never think about him again, unless I had no other choice.

Watching myself in the mirror, I put my hand over my p**sy and dipped my middle finger into my entrance, a slow, hesitating, exploratory swipe. I felt wet, very wet, and warm, and-even to my small finger-tight. An unwilling image of Harry's penis flashed into my head, and I marveled that he'd fit in there at all, without it hurting. I remembered Marge's statement that Harry was small. What on earth would a bigger man feel like? Would it hurt? The times with Harry that I felt any pleasure at all was when he took his time, went slow, rather than just hump, grunt, and pass out. He would move inside me, and the slippery sliding, the feeling of being full...it was delightful, but it was always over too soon, just as I began to feel something building up inside my belly.

That pressure built now, way down deep, as I toyed with my nipple. I slipped my middle finger in again, as far as I could go, up to the knuckle. Oh, that was nice. Very nice. It wasn't enough though. Summoning my courage, I slipped my index finger in with the middle one. Even better. Both fingers dipped in, stroked the entrance and feathered around the boundaries, touched the walls, and then out and up to the keyhole-like area near the very top. I found a little nub, a button. It was stiff, almost like...like a penis in miniature. I touched it with a tentative finger, and immediately my knees buckled with a rush of intense sensation the likes of which I'd never felt before, mind-blowing pleasure that had me reeling. With my knees trembling, I gripped the edge of the sink, slipping in the water puddled beneath my feet and nearly fell.

Regaining my balance, I glanced over my shoulder at the bed, still made. I would be so much more comfortable doing this on by back, in bed. I laid down on the bed, still nak*d, and spread my knees apart, feeling wanton and sinful.

One touch to the little button had made me dizzy...what would it feel like to touch it until I simply couldn't bear it any longer? Time to find out. I knew what the fold of skin was, incidentally: my clitoris. I knew my anatomy, after all. I was hopelessly sheltered, not a complete moron. But knowing anatomy, or reading about the hero of an erotica novel "laving her aching cl*t with his tireless tongue" was a whole different story than masturbating for the first time at the age of twenty-nine.

I quested inward with my two brave fingers, touched my clitoris...my clit...again, and couldn't help gasping a little, just a quick intake of breath at the intensity of the feeling. More movement, then, a slow circle...oh god...why have I never done this before? The circle sped up, and then a wild pressure built up in the pit of my stomach, in the muscles of my legs and the small of my back. My h*ps began to flutter on their own, writhing me on the bed and lifting my spine clear of the mattress in an arch.

I heard myself gasping, nearly hysterical little whimpers escaping my lips as I began to move my fingers around my cl*t in a blur, and now fire was raging through my body and the pressure was expanding in an uncontainable whirlwind and I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming because my body was coming apart at the seams. I was frenzied, thrashing on the bed, hyperventilating, waves of pure intensity bursting through me, centered on the nexus of my p**sy.

The waves became unbearable and my body turned hypersensitive, and I had to let myself go limp on the bed, panting raggedly. "Oh...my god...that was incredible." I was talking to the empty room, but I didn't care. If that was what I could do to myself, without really knowing what to do or how, then what could a man who knew how to give pleasure do to me?

The thought made me shiver, a shudder of anticipatory excitement, and not a little fear.

* * *

I fell asleep after that, exhausted from the day's events. I woke up in the late evening. I left the hotel, unsure where I was going or what I was going to do, but determined to do something. I wanted to start my life, and myself over. I was on a journey of self-discovery.

The thought struck me as cliche but true. My first inclination was to record the events as they happened. I'd kept a journal all the way through high school and college, and while I'd abandoned the habit in the wake of marriage and my career as a small-town journalist-turned-editor, I still found myself composing diary entries on my way to work, even though I never wrote them down.

I was a writer by trade. I'd majored in journalism because it had seemed a more viable way to make a living writing than with some nebulous dream of "being a writer." Now, with everything I knew gone and my future waiting to be written anew, I found myself not just wanting, but needing to start journaling again.

So I found the nearest place that sold electronics and bought a netbook. It's small, cheap, and portable, underpowered and low on memory but all I need for typing journal entries as I travel.

At some point between leaving home-or what had been home-and waking up that evening I'd decided I was going to travel, see the world. I had money, essentially stolen from my husband...soon-to-be ex-husband...and I was determined to make use of it.

I took my new netbook and sat down in a Starbucks to compose the preceding entry, sipping on a venti Chai tea latte. I might have cried as I began the words, just a few angry tears, but by the time I finished up to the asterisks a few paragraphs up, I was calm and ripping through the words at a furious pace.

I'm sitting there now, on my second Chai latte, not thinking about what's coming out of my fingers. People pass around me, chatter in twos and threes, read books and do homework and stare out the window listening to music. I'm surrounded by people but completely alone.

I don't mind the solitude. Back home...back there, there is no solitude. I was either at work or at home with Harry, or shopping, or visiting with Leah, or something. I was never alone, never able to sit and think and do whatever I wanted just because.

What do I want?

I want to live. I want to experience new things. I want to see Rome, and Athens, and Venice, and Paris, and London, and Tokyo, and Turks and Cacaos. I want to feel a man's kiss, feel his hands doing things to me. I want to feel sex, and love. I want to feel desired. I want to feel alone in a foreign country. I want to feel brave, and yes, even afraid.

Until I caught Harry cheating on me, everything was the same: peaceful, boring, and predictable. I'd eventually have a kid with Harry, and I'd probably give up my position as an editor and my career in general to raise the child, and Harry and I would have sex on Saturdays and Sundays and I might never have known any different.

And then I spilled my coffee on myself. My life was thrown out the window, and my entire personality put into question.

I've never felt so alive before. I can do anything.

Holy shit, I'm terrified.

June 8

I woke up this morning ready for change. I looked up salons in the area and made an appointment for a cut-and-color later in the day. I'd brought all my clothes with me, but going through them, I realized they were all smart, savvy, no-nonsense business outfits, or comfy clothes. Nothing sexy, nothing fun. Nothing edgy.

I had breakfast and made plans. First step, new clothes. Hip, fun, sexy clothes. Next, find a lawyer and send Harry the divorce papers. I wasn't leaving Chicago until it was done. Then, buy an airplane ticket to somewhere far and exotic. Rome came to mind, once more.

Shopping for an all-new wardrobe turned out to be a lot more painful and difficult than I'd imagined. Things didn't fit, or didn't look right, or I couldn't figure what to pair it with or I just didn't think I could pull it off.

I stood in a changing room in a slinky red dress that cupped my curves and pushed up my br**sts and showed off my legs...and I couldn't bring myself to leave the changing room with it on.

I asked myself, in no uncertain terms, what the hell my problem was.

Self-esteem. Harry had never been the type to compliment me, or tell me I looked beautiful. Sure, if I tried on a dress and asked him what he thought, he'd give me a stock response:

"Sure baby, looks great," he'd say, barely glancing up from his cell phone. "Makes your ass look nice."

And that was it. He'd grope me in the dark, before bed, and kiss me, a brief peck, on the way out the door, but nothing else. And he was always on his phone. He'd sleep with it under his pillow, stuff in his pocket when he was done sending a text or email. He would leave the room for sudden phone calls, send text messages surreptitiously. Now I realize how suspicious it all was, how clear. Then, I just shoved the fear away as paranoia.

But he didn't love me. Didn't want me. Why?

I wasn't beautiful. Wasn't desirable. He wanted a middle-aged, overweight, veiny, lumpy, floppy pastor's wife more than me. Sure, I was a little on the heavier, curvier side, but I'd thought I was at least better looking than Helen f**king Warner.

Apparently not.

I left the second store in a row without buying anything and retreated to my comfort: blueberry muffins and Chai tea. I went back to Starbucks and got a latte and a muffin and had long sorry-fest until my appointment with the stylist, which I no longer felt like going through with. I forced myself to go anyway.

The stylist was an older woman, maybe fifty, fit and sleek and modern and all things cosmopolitan and lovely.

"What are we doing today, honey?" She asked me, fluffing her fingers through my long, thick brown locks.

I shrugged. "I don't know. A change, I guess."

She caught the depressed wistfulness in my voice. She paused with her fingers in my hair and met my gaze in the mirror. "Honey, I don't know you, but I know depressed when I see it, and can I just say that depressed is the worst time to get a haircut? Especially with hair like yours. You've been growing this your whole life, clearly. One moment of desperation, and it's gone. You can't get it back." She gave me a firm but kind smile. "I'm willing to do what you tell me, but I just don't want you to regret it."

I shook my head. "It's not that. It's a hell of a lot more than one moment of depression. My entire life is...changing. I'm changing."

I found myself once again pouring out my sob story to a complete stranger. I told her everything, and the dear woman-whose name turned out to be Julia-just nodded and listened and handed me a box of tissues. When I finished, she patted me on the shoulder.

"Honey, are you serious about really starting over?" She combed her fingers through my hair, a comforting motion. "No looking back, no changing your mind?"

I nodded, wiped my eyes and my nose. "I'll never go back there as long as I live. Not for my family, not for anything. I need to start over. I have to."

She smiled again. "Well then, if you're sure, I can start with your hair. I can think of a dozen things to do with a beautiful head of hair like yours."

I shrugged. "I don't know what I want. I've never done more than trim it. I've never thought about what I might look like with it cut." I thought back to my bout of self-pity in the dressing room. "I just...I want to feel new, and...beautiful."

Julia wiped a knuckle across her eye. "Oh, honey. Why do we let men do this to us? You are beautiful. I know it's hard to see it when they pull shit like this, but you can't give that bastard the power over your feelings. You are a strong, lovely woman, and I'll make you into someone new. I promise, you won't recognize yourself when I'm through with you."

I nodded, and summoned a smile. "Can you help me learn to dress like you, too?" I was joking, but only halfway.

Julia tilted her head. "You really are starting over, aren't you?"

"I stuffed everything I own into a suitcase. But then I realized those clothes are all the old me. Career and wife me. I wanted to buy some sexy new clothes, but..." I shrugged, going for nonchalant and failing, tearing up again. "I just don't know how. I've never been that girl."

"You don't just need a haircut, honey, you need a makeover. A total redo."

I nodded. "That's the plan, but I don't know where to start, except for this haircut."

Julia gave me an odd look. "Are you willing to trust me?"

I shrugged again-I seemed to be doing that a lot, suddenly. "Sure. I mean, I was willing to let you cut my hair off, so why not?"

She didn't answer, but pulled a cell phone from a drawer of her station and typed furiously on it.

"What are you doing," I asked.

"Calling in the cavalry," was Julia's cryptic response.

"That big of a job, huh?"

Julia rolled her eyes at me. "Honey, makeovers are always big jobs, and a true makeover requires a team. I'm just assembling mine. Still trust me?"

I nodded, my heart in my throat. I wasn't ready, but I never really would be.

The "cavalry" turned out to be two g*y men, a couple, I assumed but wasn't positive. Their names were Jose and George, and they were both ridiculously handsome, in a polished, sophisticated, slightly effeminate way. Jose was Hispanic, maybe thirty, with sleek black hair, diamond earrings and a gold necklace showing between an unbuttoned silk shirt, wearing tight leather pants and custom leather shoes, rings on every finger, and piercing gray eyes. George was older, closer to forty or fifty, his head carefully shaved, a neatly-trimmed goatee framing a soft mouth, wearing a trim gray pinstripe suit with a faded designer T-shirt, pale blue eyes and long, slender fingers.

Julia gave them a Cliff's Notes version of what I'd told her, sparing me from having to repeat it, thankfully. Jose and George clucked their tongues and shook their heads.

George said, "Oh, sweetie. Men are such dicks, sometimes."

I agreed, and tried not to laugh at their sweet, genuine, affectedness. It was a contradiction in terms, it seemed to me, but true. They were at once completely genuine, but their mannerisms seemed almost put on, as if they wanted everyone to know they were gay, and how proud of it they were. I'd never felt my sheltered, small-town upbringing so poignantly until that moment. I felt judgmental and petty, trying to understand them, and failing. I couldn't figure out how to handle them, if I should treat them like men, or women, or both, or neither...they seemed to be a complex amalgam of both genders, somehow, and it made my head spin.

I stopped trying to figure them out when they started discussing tactics, as they called it. I couldn't keep pace. They were speaking their own language, talking about layering and matching the angles of my face and skin tone and eye color and...I just gave up and closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation of hands in my hair.

I let them take me to a sink and wash my hair, the hot water relaxing my scalp and my frayed nerves. They toweled me as dry as my three foot-long hair would go, and sat me down back in front of Julia's station.

"Are you ready, sweetie?" Jose asked.

I shrugged and nodded, a confused motion. Jose just laughed. He handed a pair of scissors to Julia and stepped aside with a flourish. Julia put the scissors to my hair, then stopped.

"Have you considered donating your hair?" She asked.

"I don't know. I didn't even know you could do that."

"Locks of Love would be able to make a great wig out of long, gorgeous hair like yours."

I shrugged yet again. "Sure, why not? If it's coming off anyway."

A few quick snips, and suddenly my entire upper body felt ten pounds lighter. I sobbed like a baby. Jose and George dabbed my face with Kleenex and told me how brave I was and how much I would love myself when they were done, and to just trust them.

"Sweetie, you are simply loveliness incarnate," George said. "And you deserve to see yourself that way."

I melted, and wished he was straight so I could kiss him.

I sat facing away from the mirror, with Julia's sure hands snipping and fluffing and snipping, until I was sure I would be bald when she was done, and then she did something with a foul-smelling concoction all over my hair and left me to sit and chat with Jose while she and George stepped outside for a smoke.

I told George everything. I wasn't sure why I kept pouring out my life's story to perfect strangers, but they all seemed interested and genuinely kind, and I couldn't stop myself. No one had ever really listened to me before, I realized.

"What you need," George said, "is an adventure. You need to go far away, and meet a man, and let him sweep you off your feet. Don't fall in love, though. Just let him make sweet love to you until you can't breathe. And then go somewhere else, and do it all over again."

Jose came in at that moment. "Don't confuse the poor dear," he said. "What she needs is a good f**king."

I blushed from my hairline to my toes.

" Jose, you rascal," George scolded, "can't you see you're upsetting her? She's not ready for that yet."

"I'm not upset," I said. "I'm just...not used to that kind of thing."

"Well that much is obvious." Geoge patted my knee, and then helped me stand up, escorting me to the sink once more. "Just take it one day, one step at a time. Trust your instincts, that's the first thing."

My hair was washed again, and dried, and then Julia spent a few minutes styling it before they brushed my shoulders off and unsnapped the apron.

"Close your eyes," George instructed.

I squeezed them shut, felt hands remove the apron from my shoulders and brush a few more bits of hair away.

"Are you ready to see the new Delilah Flores?" George asked. I nodded. "Well then, open your eyes."

I took a deep breath and opened my eyes. As promised, I didn't recognize myself. My hair had been waist length, wavy, plain brown, and not-quite glossy. Now it was pixie-short, above my ears, and bright, bottle-red, somewhere between crimson and maroon. It turned my features from seeming pretty enough but plain into...exotic and striking. My cerulean eyes stood out even more, and my porcelain skin seemed even whiter, even fairer.

My breath caught, and my eyes burned, even though I'd cried more tears than I'd thought one person could in one day.

"Well, sweetie? What do you think?" George asked.

I laughed and hiccupped. "I think I need a hug." I ran my fingers through my hair, a now alien sensation. "It's wonderful. I don't know what to say, what to think. It's...incredible. I don't know who I am."

"You're the new you," Jose said.

George gave him a disgusted look. "That has got to be one of the most idiotic things you've ever said, Jose."

I stood up and hugged Jose. "No, it's not. It makes perfect sense."

I found myself held close by all three of them, and the feeling of being embraced was enough to choke me up even more.

We broke apart, and Julia pushed me to the door. "Now go on. You have more makeover to do and I have appointments to keep." I pulled my wallet from my purse, but Julia stopped me. "No, honey. This one's on the house."

She handed me a business card. "This is my cousin. He's one of the top divorce attorneys in the city. I'll set up a meeting for you. He'll give you a good rate. Don't back down, okay?"

"Thanks, Julia." I hugged her again and followed Jose and George out the door.

They took me to Sephora and picked out a whole new array of makeup for me, giving me dizzying instructions on the proper use and application, only half of which I followed, not being big on makeup. Then they took me to Waterplace Tower Mall and the real fun began.

I don't know how long we spent there, browsing every woman's clothing store in the entire mall, sweeping through from front to back, examing every item on every rack. When I explained I wasn't concerned with a budget, their eyes lit up and they began pulling items like it was Christmas. They held blouses and skirts and wraps up to me, conferred in loud whispers about my "assets" and had me try on a thousand different outfits, pulling me out of the changing room with constant exhortation and encouragement.

When they first started yanking everything within three sizes off the racks, I'd wondered if maybe I should have set a limit, but I soon realized they really did know what they were doing and how to do it. For every six items I tried on, only one or two would make the cut, the rest being ruthlessly but gently put aside as "not what we're going for."

When we finished, as the mall was closing, I had spent almost four thousand dollars, but I had a whole new wardrobe of sleek, sexy items, designed to be interchangeable. We went back to my hotel room and I received lengthy discourse in fashion and accessorization, makeup application, and the importance of self-esteem.

Eventually, they dressed me in a knee length skirt, a sleeveless, low-cut blouse with a shrug over it, a tasteful necklace, low-heeled pumps, and tiny clutch purse with little more than some cash, my cell phone, and my wallet. I'd put the bulk of my money in the hotel safe, simply because it was too frightening to carry twenty thousand dollars on my person everywhere I went.

"Well, sweetie," George said, "you are officially made-over. How do you feel?"

"Better. On my way to being a new Delilah."

"Do you feel beautiful?" Jose asked.

I tipped my head from side to side. "Getting there. It will take time."

"Sure it will. But you have to believe it yourself, or no one else will. True beauty and style starts within, darling," George said. "Now, are you ready?"

I gave him a confused look. "Ready? I thought we were done?"

George laughed, a merry, belly-shaking chuckle. "To celebrate, of course! You can't get a makeover and not go out to celebrate. We're going to get you drunk and teach you how to catch a man."

Jose and George knew everyone, it seemed. I mean, literally everyone. They took me to a bar, more of a private club than anything else, really, the kind of place you had to already know about to know about. It was a wild, chaotic party, bustling with beautiful people all dressed to kill, swilling martinis and expensive wine and champagne with names I couldn't pronounce and top-shelf mixed drinks. Everyone was drinking, but no one was drunk. Everyone was paired off in some way, but everyone was checking out everyone else, gay, straight, or otherwise. It was crazy and confusing and exhilarating.

When I walked in, with Jose on one arm and George on the other, I immediately became the topic of frenzied whispers and excited conversation. I'd never in my life felt so many pairs of eyes scrutinizing me, examining me; not even when I'd lost my temper in the middle of Main Street the day before had I been so completely the center of attention.

I tugged my shrug closer around me, trying to cover the expanse of skin across my chest. I'd never worn anything so revealing before. I thought if I breathed too deep my n**ples would pop out of my top, and I wasn't sure how I was going to sit down without flashing everyone.

"Why is everyone looking at me?" I whispered.

George answered. "Number one, because you look fabulous. And number two, because you're with us, and we're fabulous."

Jose chimed in. "Face it, Delilah. You're a sexy bitch. Get used to it."

I tried to contain my shock at being called a bitch. Where I came from, calling a woman a bitch was serious business; you just didn't do it unless you really meant it. I squeezed Jose's arm in thanks, because he'd clearly meant it as a compliment.

Jose and George-for some reason, whenever I thought of the pair, Jose's name always came first-dragged me to a bar and ordered a Tequila Sunrise, and then leaned against the bar, sipping their own drinks. They seemed to be waiting.

"Shouldn't we, like, mingle or something?" I asked.

George laughed. "No way, honey. We let them come to us."

I shrugged and sipped my drink, trying to go slow. I've never been a drinker. My parents weren't teetotalers, they were just heavy into moderation. I'd never in my life had more than three drinks, and that time, with Leah the day I graduated from college, I'd been dizzy and loud and completely not myself. I'd woken up with a pounding head and a vow to never repeat the experience.

Jose and George had other plans. They engaged me in intelligent, witty conversation, spanning everything from literature, which George was extremely well-versed in, to sports and politics and fashion. I wasn't aware of finishing my drink, but somehow ended up with a new one, and then we were surrounded by a dozen people and I was talking to a woman with ears pierced all the way from lobe to tip, hair shaved on the sides and long and braided down the center. She was a bartender and a film student, attending Columbia College. Then she vanished and I was being heavily flirted with by a huge, ravishingly handsome black man dressed in ripped jeans and a sleeveless T-shirt, showing off his rippling, ink-black biceps.

The man, whose name was Gerald, seemed to be trying to split me away from the group, edging towards me and gradually stepping into my personal space so that I was forced to back away from the group and the safety of Jose and George. My head was loose on my shoulders, and my thoughts slow. I'd had enough drinks slipped into my hands that I'd lost count, and suddenly I couldn't figure out how to extricate myself from the situation.

I glanced at George, whom I seemed to have connected with more than Jose. I tried to make "help me" eyes without Gerald noticing. I found Gerald handsome and charming, but his subtle manipulation of my personal space was intimidating, and I knew, in a cerebral and distracted sort of way, that I was in no condition to make any decisions.

"Delilah, dear, I have to visit the little boys room," George said, appearing beside me with a warm, firm hand around my wrist, "why don't you come with me?"

He didn't give me a chance to answer, dragging me away from an irritated Gerald. We made it to the bathrooms, and, to my shock, he went into the ladies room with me.

"George? Aren't you in the wrong, you know, bathroom?"

George just laughed and slipped into a stall. "Oh, honey. You're so innocent. Women always bring their gays with them into the bathroom. Girl talk, you know." He spoke over the sound of his urination, which made me blush.

He was such an odd combination. Some things about him were distinctly male, such as his direct, take-charge attitude and willingness to dart in and fix things. But then, after my initial shock, I really didn't feel too oddly about his being in a bathroom with me. Something about him, I wasn't sure what exactly, made my instincts recognize in him a nebulous sort of "one of the girls" factor.

I was also drunk, which might have had something to do with it. I peed, washed my hands, and fixed my makeup, under George's approving gaze.

"So Gerald was very...persistent," I said.

George sighed. "Yes, he is. He's a great guy, in some ways, but totally wrong for you. You did good getting clear of him. I have nothing negative to say about him of course, but he just isn't a good match for your stage in life."

"He kept pushing me out of the group, but he never touched me. It was weird."

"That's Gerald for you. He's very adept in social situations. You never notice him doing it, but suddenly he's got you exactly where he wants you: alone and susceptible to his many charms. He's done it to me before. It was fun, but...he's not my type."

I glanced at George as I put on a new layer of mascara. "You mean you and he..." George just nodded; now I was even more confused. "But he was flirting with me, and I'm a woman."

"He plays for both teams, sweetie." George seemed amused. "He's an equal opportunist, you might say."

I tried to digest being interested in men and women, but couldn't quite manage it. I shook my head and dismissed it.

"You should find someone you like, though," George said into my ear as we reentered the chaotic swirl of people and noise. "Don't go home with him, just...have some fun."

He led me back to the group by the bar, which had swollen by at least ten since we went to the bathroom. Gerald was nowhere to be seen, and there were a few men who looked, to my inexperienced eyes, to be straight enough to flirt with. But then, so had Gerald.

Good gravy, this was complicated.

George found a spot where he could keep an eye on me but still have his own conversations, effectively leaving me to own devices, but still somewhat supervised. I felt like a child on a leash, in a way, but it was comforting knowing I was being looked after. This was a difficult, confusing world I'd found myself in, and I was glad for someone to guide me through it.

I made small talk with a few people until I found myself chatting with a tall, gorgeous man with elegant clothes and an expensive haircut. I'd barely introduced myself when George sidled up to me.

"Honey, I haven't introduced you to Leon, have I?" George made a formal introduction. "Delilah Flores, this is Leon de Luca, a very good friend. Leon, this is Delilah. She's new in town."

Leon shook my hand, holding my fingers loosely, almost limply. I wondered, then, if George was steering me away subtly. Leon and George and I made idle conversation, until Leon made his exit and George rounded on me with an exasperated expression.

"Delilah, dear, have you no gaydar at all?" He asked in a harsh whisper.

"I guess not."

George laughed again, lighter now. "Well that much is obvious." He glanced around the room, and then pointed out a man with nice enough clothes and hair, but not the sophisticated elegance Leon had displayed. "See him? Is he g*y or straight?"

I studied him. "Straight?"

George rolled his eyes. "No, honey. He's gayer than I am."

"There's different levels of gay?"

George burst into hysterical laughter, wiping his eyes with a prim finger. "Oh, god, honey, you have just no idea, do you? That's actually a fair question, but unimportant at the moment. See the way he's standing? All his weight is on one foot, his other barely touching the floor, with his hip popped out. Look at his arms, too, the way one is folded and he's gesturing while he talks with the other? Also, his clothes. They aren't expensive, but they fit him perfectly, and they're all precisely matched, from shoes to belt to watch. Now, that's not to say straight men can't dress nicely, but it's just not the same."

George scanned the crowd again, and this time pointed out a different man, taller, harder looking, with looser and more casual clothes.

"Now look at him," George said, pointing discreetly with one finger from around his drink. "See the way his clothes are a little big? His jeans don't hug his ass, which is a nice one, by the way. And his nails are cut, but roughly. He's dreamy, but completely straight. Look at his stance. Feet apart, about shoulder width, one hand in his pocket and the other holding his beer."

I shook my head, amazed at George's eye for detail. "So should I flirt with him?"

George laughed again. "Honey, you're an adult. You can make your decisions on that. But yes, it's safe to flirt with him. I would, if he played for my team. I mean, god, honey, look at those arms!" He turned to leave, but then leaned close and whispered low in my ear. "If you do talk to him, don't, I repeat, do not say anything about why you came to Chicago. No personal drama. Keep it light and innocent. You're just here on business."

And with that, George sauntered off, leaving me with a half a drink and a fluttering heart.

The guy was hot. And now that George had pointed out the differences, I could see how you wouldn't be able to mistake him for anything but a heterosexual. By which I mean, all man. And for the record, his arms were massive.

I took a deep breath, summoned my courage, and made my way over to him. I had a rush of panic at the last second. What would I say? How did one strike up a conversation with someone you were interested in? My hands were trembling.

I was about to swerve aside when the man in question glanced at me, did a double take, and turned to face me. His eyes met mine, and I felt my breath catch. His eyes were a brilliant green, like wild grass in sunny field. His face was all angles and hard planes and symmetrical, rugged beauty, shadowed with a stubble of day-old beard. His jaw looked strong enough to break rocks on, and his hand clutching the beer seemed like a paw, big enough to make the beer bottle look tiny and fragile.

My heart went pitter patter when he pulled his hand out of his pocket and took a long step toward me.

"Hi, I'm Brad," he said, his voice like a bass drum.

His hand wrapped around mine, hard and calloused but gentle. He squeezed mine, firm but not crushing. I liked that. Most men either held your hand loosely, or crushed it. This was neither. His eyes locked on to mine, and seemed to twinkle with the promise of humor. Or something else.

"Delilah," I said, trying not to sound breathy.

I ignored my temptation to tug the shrug closer, and let him close the distance between us so we were standing just within personal space. His body radiated heat, and he smelled faintly of cologne and a scent I can only describe as clean male sweat.

"I haven't seen you around before, Delilah," Brad said.

"That's because I just got into town. I'm here on business." I kept George's warning in mind as I thought of what to say.

"Oh? What do you do?"

Not going to panic, not going to panic. No drama, no drama. I harangued myself and hesitated a beat too long. "I'm an editor. Of a newspaper. I'm in Chicago for a...workshop. For editors and journalists."

Brad nodded, and I realized this was my cue to ask him a question. Again, things were a few beats behind, making it awkward.

"So, Brad, what-what do you do?"

"I'm an architect." He seemed to sense my discomfort, and gestured at my now-empty drink. "Get you another?"

I nodded and followed him to the bar. George caught my eye and gave me an excited double-thumbs up. I made a face that was somewhere between excited and oh-shit. George just rolled his eyes and went back to his conversation with Leon, with whom he seemed to be flirting.

When we had drinks, mine a vodka tonic, now, Brad leaned close and gave me a relaxed, sexy grin. "So, if this is your first time in Chicago, how'd you end up here?" He waved a finger vaguely, meaning the little club we were in.

I thought hard, trying to find a way of explaining it that didn't involve getting into my complete makeover, which would then lead to my sudden flight to Chicago, which would lead to Harry, which would lead to me either getting angry or crying or both, which would be bad.

"Oh, I met them at a salon," I said, hoping I sounded casual.

Brad looked confused, and I realized what I'd said was a non sequitur.

"Sorry, I meant Jose and George. I came with Jose and George."

Brad made an "ah-hah" face. "Gotcha. They're good people."

"Yeah, they're great."

Awkward silence.

"So, how long are you in Chicago for?" Brad asked.

He was obviously trying hard to cover my blunders. I wasn't sure if he was attracted to me or not. He was leaning close, but it was loud in the bar. On the other hand, I'd caught his gaze wandering to my cl**vage several times, so that might have meant something. But then, men did that anyway, so it might not. I told myself to stop over-thinking and just go with it.

"Oh, for a while. No set plans. We'll see."

Brad nodded, his brow furrowed. "So, you're in town 'for awhile', and you're here for 'business', and you just met Jose and George at a salon." He seemed to be leading up to something, so I stayed silent and let him continue. "You know what I think, Delilah?"

I tilted my head, heart pounding. Had I given something away? Said something wrong?

"I think you're running away from someone." He smiled, a wicked little grin that said he knew he was right.

I swallowed. "Is it that obvious?"

"Ha! I was right." Brad leaned a little closer. "I was guessing."

"How'd you know?"

His hand brushed up my arm as he set his beer down on the bar-top. "Your finger," he said, touching the line of whiter-than-white skin where my wedding band and engagement rings had been.

I traced the pale line myself, trying to keep my voice neutral. "So yeah, I guess you could say I'm running from someone. It's complicated." I backed away, expecting him to cut and run, now that he knew I had some kind of personal baggage.

He didn't though. "You know what you need? Tequila." He raised a hand to summon a bartender and ordered a pair of Tequila shots.

He handed me one of the shot glasses and a wedge of lime. I wasn't going to admit it, but I had no idea what I was supposed to do with the lime. Then he took my hand in his, shook salt onto the web between my thumb and forefinger. I just stared blankly at him, and then the salt, and back to Brad.

He looked at me quizzically. "Never shot tequila before?"

I shook my head. "Nope. Let's just say I'm a little innocent when it comes to city life."

Brad chuckled, an amused rumble in his chest that made something in my belly tingle. The gleam in his eyes, a shine somewhere in between hunger, lust, and amusement, made my knees weak. I wasn't sure I was ready for what Brad obviously had in mind, but I wasn't willing to back out. Not yet.

"Well, innocent Delilah, you lick the salt, then you drink the tequila, then you suck the juice from the lime."

I shrugged and lifted my hand to my mouth, but Brad caught my wrist in his. "Not yet. We have to toast first." He didn't let go of my wrist. "To getting rid of exes."

He wiggled the fingers on his left hand; his ring finger had a similar white band where a ring had been. He lifted my hand to his mouth, never taking his vivid green eyes off mine, and licked the salt off my thumb, a slow, erotic swipe of his tongue. I blushed and a flicker of fire lit my belly.

"Your turn," he said, and tipped the shot glass to his mouth.

He'd already sprinkled salt on his hand. I took his hand in mine, realizing how huge his hand was, how strong, and lifted it to my mouth. My heart blasted in my chest, hammering so hard I thought he was certain to hear it, even over the music and laughter and voices. I ran my tongue along his hand, tasting the salty heat of his skin and then the sudden, powerful tang of the table salt, and then I had the shot glass to my lips and poured the clear liquid into my mouth. I swallowed it, and nearly sputtered it all over Brad, but managed to get it down. My face twisted into a grimace at the exotic, potent liquor, and then Brad shoved a lime into my mouth and I sucked it, the sweetly sour citrus dousing some of the fire in my mouth.

"Wow," I said, when I could breathe again. "That was...ahem...really something."

"It is, isn't it?" He was still holding my hand in his, and I wasn't pulling it away.

His fingers were playing along my wrist, tracing circles and patterns with the pads of his fingers around the inside, not quite tickling. I couldn't look away from his hypnotizing green eyes, and I felt a strange, fiery pressure in my belly, low, deep down where I'd felt it when I touched myself yesterday.

Then, the heat passed upwards, and something roiled in my belly, and I started to sweat, and get dizzy, and...

"I think I need some air," I said, trying to keep my feet steady underneath me.

"Ah, the shot must have hit you. Come on, I know a spot." He took my hand in his and led me through the crowd.

I felt another hand on my opposite elbow, and then George's voice cut through the dizzy fog.

"Where are you going, Delilah?" His voice was concerned, tinged with suspicion.

"I'm taking her outside to get some air," Brad said. "She did a shot with me, and now she's overheating."

I turned to George, and then to Brad, feeling wobbly. "I really need some air. I feel dizzy and hot. Sitting down would be nice." I glanced at George meaningfully. "Is that okay, George?"

I hoped he knew what I was asking, and that it wasn't too obvious.

Brad laughed. "George, you know me. Brad Mullins. I work with Uri. I'll take care of her, I promise."

George nodded and disappeared.

I glanced up at Brad, wondering if I'd insulted him. He seemed to be laughing still as he led me up a flight of stairs and out onto a roof. He sat me down on a bench and lowered himself next to me, his arm across the back of the bench but not exactly around my shoulders.

"I hope you don't think I-" I started.

"I'd rather you were suspicious than too trusting. Safer that way."

Now that I was outside in the cool night air, I felt better. Still a little too loose and too dizzy, but not sick anymore. I was intensely aware of how close Brad was, how near his huge arm was to me. I was stuck between wanting him to put his arm around me and being afraid.

I looked up at him, trying to gauge what he was thinking. His calm green eyes met mine, and I felt like he was assessing me too, not just my level of inebriation, but what I wanted.

What did I want? A kiss? That would be nice. A good place to start, perhaps.

I let myself lean a little nearer to him, closer to the curve of his arm. Brad adjusted ever so slightly, and then his arm was resting on my shoulders. It felt nice, hard and protective.

"Sorry to pull you away from all the fun," I said.

He shrugged a shoulder. "I needed some air too. Gets stuffy in there with that many people."

I just stared up at him, willing him to lean a little further. His face was only inches from mine, closer and getting closer, and my heart was thumping wildly...

His lips were softer than I'd thought they'd be, firm and scratchy with whiskers, but moist and hot and searching. He tasted like beer, not unpleasantly. My hand lifted up and rested on his shoulder, and his palm touched my face, pulling me nearer. This was nice. He wasn't pushing me to kiss harder or faster, wasn't groping me, just kissing me, slowly and gently.

The man knew how to kiss. Not that I had much by way of comparison, but...if Harry's and Brad's kisses were purses, Harry's would be an off-brand knock off from the bargain bin in K-Mart, the seams already ripping and the zipper stuck; Brad's kiss...oh my. His kiss would be a Louis Vuitton satchel bag.

I may or may not have moaned just a little, in the back of my throat.

"Wow, all I did was kiss you," Brad said, when we broke apart.

I felt my cheeks flame with embarrassment. "Yeah, well...you're a really good kisser," I mumbled into his lips.

He smiled, a tight curve of lips against mine. "You are too."

"What? No. You're just saying that." My fingers were somehow in his hair, and I was desperately fighting against the urge to pull him into another kiss.

"No, really." He touched his lips to mine, a teasing touch. "You taste like tequila, lipstick, and limes."

"Is that a good thing?"

"To me, yeah." He grinned. "I like tequila."

"It seems to be loosening my inhibitions a good bit," I said, smirking. "I mean, here I am, first day in Chicago, kissing a strange man on a rooftop."

"I'm not strange," Brad protested.

"I meant a stranger."

"I'm not a stranger, either. My name is Brad Mullins, I'm an architect, and I'm recently divorced. What else do you want to know?"

"I was teasing. I like being up here, kissing you. It's nice. It's a distraction."

His eyes bored into mine. "You need distraction?"

Don't talk drama, don't talk drama.

"Yeah, it's all still kind of...new." Shoot. Shit. I hadn't meant to say that.

"New?" Brad seemed concerned, suddenly. Now I'd done it.

Bye-bye, Brad.

"Don't worry about it. I'm here, now," I said, hoping to salvage things, if I could.

Brad's eyes narrowed. "How new?"

I slumped my head back against his arm. "Let's go back inside. I could use another drink."

I stood up, wobbling ever so slightly. Brad's hand shot out and touched my hip to steady me. His hand sent thrills of lightning through my body.

"I think maybe you should hold off on the drink," he said, standing up with me. "How about some coffee instead?"

"Do they serve coffee here?" I asked.

He laughed. "No, I meant get out of here, go get some coffee."

He wanted to talk. I just wanted to kiss a bit more, and then go home. Okay, maybe a lot more. But that was it. Just kiss. Certainly no talking. I'd told my story a million times in the last forty-eight hours, and I didn't want to rehash it all over again. Certainly not with a man I liked, and was kissing. Or had kissed. Or whatever.

"Sure," my mouth said, in spite of my brain's attempts at interference. "That sounds good."

He led me back downstairs and I found Jose and George huddled in a corner with two other men, looking very comfy and not a little flushed.

"Brad and I are going to go get some coffee," I said.

"Are you sure?" George said, pulling away from his friends. "You're okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. We're just going to have coffee."

"Okay," George said. "Just remember, don't do anything you don't want to do."

"I won't." I hugged George, and then Jose, who had appeared next to George. "Thanks, you two. I mean, seriously. Thank you so much. You don't even know."

George kissed me on the cheek, his palm circling my back. "Oh honey. I do know. I've been where you are. Exactly where you are. Jose here did for me what we're doing for you. He helped me see who I really was." He wrapped his arm around Jose's waist and pulled him close. "Just be true to who you want to be. Don't let anything hold you back. Now. Go have coffee with hunky Brad Mullins."

Coffee was a long, lazy conversation at an all-night diner, burnt coffee in chipped white porcelain mugs. Brad told me about his divorce, finding his ex in his bed with not just one man, but two. She got a better lawyer than he did and took everything, their high-rise condo, their savings, their car, everything.

I, in turn, told him my story. Helen Warner and her varicose legs, my sister, nearly every woman between the ages of twenty-one and fifty in the entire town. Taking the savings and running, the makeover, my vague plans of world travel.

"So this all happened like, days ago?" Brad asked.

"Yeah. I left on the ten a.m. bus yesterday morning."

Brad shook his head, amazed. "Well you're handling it a shit-load better than I did. I was a wreck for months. I mean, I got drunk and stayed drunk for a week straight. I almost lost my job until I finally went in and told my boss what had happened."

My mouth split open in a jaw-cracking yawn, and Brad pulled his cell phone from his pocket.

"Holy shit. It's past four in the morning. I should get you to your hotel."

He walked me to my hotel room door and we stood in front of it, hands touching, faces inches away. I let my body take over, leaned up to kiss him. He froze, then returned it, hesitantly at first, and then more eagerly. His hand moved to my waist and pulled me against him. Moments passed, and then more, and then my hands were running across his chest and in his hair...

I felt something hard bulging against my stomach, and it took a few seconds for the penny to drop.

And that's when the panic set in. Kissing a man, that was one thing. Touching his hair and feeling his arms around me, that was one thing. But his manhood...the idea of him nak*d in my room, touching me intimately...

I jerked free and fell back against the door.

"I'm sorry..." I said, touching my swollen lips with my fingertips. "I'm sorry, I can't...I can't."

Brad stepped closer to me, but stopped. I could see the bulge in his pants, pressing huge and hard against his zipper. My body and brain and hormones and heart were all at war, in a free-for-all.

"No, Delilah, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have-" he backed up, realizing where I was looking and interpreting, correctly in some ways, where my fear was concentrated. "I'm sorry. I'll go."

I grabbed his hand, not wanting him to think I was afraid of him, or upset with him. "Brad, listen...I'm sorry. I hope-I mean, I hope I didn't lead you to assume where this night was going...when it's not, or...it can't." I was flustered, stuttering; I ran my hands through my hair, surprised again at how short it was.

"You don't need to explain," Brad said. "I wasn't assuming anything. I mean, I hoped, in a way yes. But knowing how recent all this is for you...I wouldn't push it."

"I'm really sorry, Brad. I didn't mean to lead you on, or...or get you excited and leave you...uncomfortable. I'm just not ready." I was suddenly exhausted beyond comprehension. "I'm not even divorced yet. Shoot, I haven't even filed the papers."

"Don't apologize any more, Delilah. I understand. You don't need to explain." He kissed me, a gentle goodbye. "You're a beautiful, wonderful woman, Delilah, and your ex is an idiot."

He pulled a card from his wallet and handed it to me. "If you ever want some company-no expectations-call me."

He backed away, and I, under a wild impulse, darted forward and kissed him again, quick but hot.

"Thank you for understanding." I said.

He smiled, waved, and was gone, pushing through the crash bar to the stairs.

I pulled out my keycard and went into my room, collapsed on my bed and tried to figure out if I'd just made a mistake in letting Brad go, or if it had been the smart thing to do. My brain argued one way, my heart another, and my body a third.

I fell asleep, still arguing with myself, cross-wise on the bed.

June 11

The last several days have been a whirlwind. I went through the process to get my passport, and I met with Julia's divorce attorney cousin, who drew up papers and sent them by overnight to Harry. I'd been honest about clearing out the savings account. The lawyer suggested giving Harry everything else, the cars, the house, the stocks and investments, everything. I agreed. I just wanted to be done.

Harry signed and sent the papers back in an overnight priority mail. A weight lifted off my shoulders and I could breathe again. Or maybe, breathe for the first time. I was a single woman again. I spent a day at a spa to celebrate, getting a facial and a mani-pedi, a massage and all sorts of other indulgent pleasures.

I went to a travel agency and looked at travel packages, but they all came in groups, with hour-by-hour itineraries and all sorts of premade sight-seeing tours. I wanted something loose and personal and free. No plans, no groups, no tours. No itinerary, just me, out there.

I donated all my old clothes, packed my new wardrobe in a new set of overpriced luggage and bought a one-way ticket to Rome, Italy. I don't know a word of Italian. I've never been out of the country. I don't have a hotel booked, and I don't know anyone.

I'm terrified and exhilarated.

The plane is about to land at the Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino International Airport. I have my purse with a bundle of cash, and the rest split between my carry-on bag and the suitcase. I didn't want it all in one place, and I don't know a better way. Traveler's checks? I don't know. I'll learn, I guess.

June 12

Today was crazy. I spent an hour just trying to get out of the airport. I bought an Italian-English dictionary, and then realized the Google Translate app on my iPhone is much more effective. I can just plug in the phrase I want in English, have the app translate it into Italian and show it to the person I'm trying to communicate with. That's how I got a security guard to show me the way to the taxi line, and then found a mid-grade hotel in what I take to be the center of the city.

OHMYGOD. Rome is incredible. Age and history oozes from every brick, every cobblestone. Even the more modern buildings are older than pretty much everything in the US.

I stowed my purse in the suitcase and left it in my hotel room, putting what I need to travel in my backpack and my pockets. I wandered around in an awed daze, taking in the many famous sights of one of Earth's oldest and most storied cities. It's dirty in places, tumbledown, ramshackle, haphazard. It's rough, and difficult. It's beautiful.

I walked until my feet hurt and then showed my hotel's business card to a taxi driver, who answered in clear but heavily accented English, "Yes, ma'am. Right away, ma'am. You need to eat some food, maybe? You are hungry, no? Too much walking? I take you to a great place. My cousin, he cooks the best pasta in all of Roma. You will die of loving the food, I swear you this. Wine and good food, you will be like new, no?"

I let him take me to his cousin's place, which turned out to be a few blocks from my hotel, and the food was divine. I'm sitting outside, sipping red wine, clacking into my netbook, watching crowds go by, tourists and locals. Soccer, or I guess I should call it football, is on a TV and the locals clamor as goals are scored, groan as the opposing team scores back.

I'm free. I'm happy. Anything can happen. I promise myself, as I write this, that I will not let opportunity pass me by. Fear cannot stop me, not anymore. I will let life sweep me away. I have a good head on my shoulders, a sense of right and wrong.

June 13

Today I met Luca. Oh Lord. Luca. How do I describe him? Just saying his name is like music, like poetry. Luca.

Tall, dark, and handsome doesn't even begin to cut it. A physical description won't do him justice, because he's male beauty personified, but I'll try.

Six foot three or four, lean and hard with broad shoulders and a slim waist, long, thick legs. Inky, glossy black hair, a little too long, a little messy, drifting in front of his eyes, and oh, his eyes. Good gravy. Luca's eyes are the brown of...what? Cinnamon and melted milk chocolate. Rich, dark earth, lit by the sun. His hands are powerful, but gentle. Long fingers, musician's fingers, nimble and sure.

Every word from his mouth is lyric, lovely music.

He says my name like it's a song: "Dee-LYE-lah."

Let me go back and tell the story from the beginning, get it right. Luca is best understood in the context of how I met him.

* * *

I was sitting on the ledge of fountain, digging through my backpack for sunscreen. I spread the sunscreen on, tossed it back in the open bag and leaned back, enjoying the heat of the sun on my face, the sound of splashing water and laughing conversations. It was late afternoon, not quite time for dinner, but well past lunch. The sun was lowering, shedding soft but bright golden light on everything, illuminating the aged marble of the millennia-old buildings.

I let my mind wander, imagining Roman senators crossing this very spot. Cicero, maybe. Or Pliny. Or was Pliny Greek? I couldn't remember at the moment and didn't care.

Then I heard slapping feet and a sound as of something heavy being snatched, and the breeze of someone running past me. I opened my eyes to see a young boy scrambling through the crowded piazza, my backpack in hand, open, spilling things out as he ran.

My backpack. Shit! That bag had several thousand dollars in it, and my passport, and my netbook...

I cursed and took off after him, thankful that I'd worn sensible sneakers. He was fast, the little shit. I followed him through alleys and narrow side streets, nearly catching him, only to lose him as he leapt over a crate of oranges that I tripped over, scattering fruit and earning an earful of Italian curses.

I scrambled to my feet, yelling an out of breath "Mi scusi, mi dispiace!"

Yeah, I've learned a little Italian.

I caught sight of the little thief rounding a corner, pulling away from me, and I heard sobs scrape out of my throat.

"No, please," I gasped, stretching out my arm as he began to move out of sight.

Then, a miracle. The boy turned back to look at me, almost apologetically. He didn't slow, but he seemed to realize how distraught I was. He turned back around, poured on more speed....and then a body shot out from a doorway, knocking the boy against a wall and held him there with one hand.

Hello, tall dark and handsome. He was holding a cell phone to his ear, talking into it in lilting, rapid Italian, holding the runaway thief against the wall with the other hand. His grip on the boy's shoulder was obviously crushing, as the boy was squirming and shrieking, scrabbling at the man's hand with both of his, my backpack dropped at his feet.

(I've since learned enough Italian to be able to guess what they were saying. For the sake of storytelling, I'll transcribe their words in Italian, as I heard them, in other words, un-translated and confusing.)

"Lasciatemi andare! Mi dispiace! Non farmi del male! Lo daro indietro!" The boy's voice was high-pitched, panicked.

"Dovro richiamare," The man said into the phone, then hung up and stuck into the pocket of his tight jeans. "Zitto, ragazzo," he said in a harsh voice, shaking the thief.

I hurried to them, snatched up my bag and made sure the important things were all there, which they were. The boy was looking as if the man was really hurting him, and I felt bad for him. He was skinny and dirty and hungry-looking, desperate.

"Let him go," I said, in English. "I have my bag back. Don't hurt him."

"Tell the American lady you're sorry," the man said, in accented English.

"Sorry! I'm sorry, American! I only am hungry. Mi dispiace! Please, let go!"

The man shook the boy once more, then let go, shoving him away, growling in accented but fluent English, "Get out of here, boy. If I catch you stealing again, I'll turn you over to the police."

The boy nodded, pale and shaking, and vanished around a corner. I zipped my bag and shrugged it on, then looked up and found myself pinned to the wall by the most arresting pair of dark brown eyes I'd ever seen. He didn't just look at me, he seemed to be looking into me. Seeing all of me, as if I were nak*d before him, vulnerable and soft.

My breath caught, and I couldn't look away. I felt strong fingers touch my palms, scraped from my fall.

"You are bleeding," he said, his voice and accent turning even those mundane words into music.

"I'm...fine," I said. My hand was still in his, his touch like fire, sending thrills through my body. "Just a scrape..."

"No, you need care. Your knees are a mess as well. Come, please come." He tugged me by the hand, gentle but insistent. "My flat is just there. I can have you cleaned up in only a moment."

I looked down and realized my knees were oozing blood too. And now, suddenly, they stung. And I was sweating...

I let him show me up a narrow flight of steep stairs to an airy one-room apartment. It was clean and neat, a galley kitchen, a small balcony overlooking the street, a small table covered by a white linen cloth and an empty wine bottle turned into a candle.

"Sit, please," he said, pushing me into a chair.

He wet the corner of a towel and dabbed at my hands, kneeling between my knees. His presence was a hot, electric fire in my veins, his inky hair drifting across his eyes, his brow furrowed as he oh so gently dabbed at my palms, then each knee.

"There, you are clean now. You want a bandage or no?" he asked.

"No, I'm fine, thanks," I said.

What I wanted was for him to keep touching me. Just his hands on mine, or on my knees would be fine. A littler higher up my legs, maybe?

He pulled the other chair next to me, sitting astride it, resting his hands on the back. "So, mia bella, what is your name?"

Mia bella? I knew enough Italian to know that was a compliment, and to blush.

"Delilah," I said, holding out my hand to shake his.

He took my proffered hand and kissed the back of it, never taking his eyes off mine. His lips on my hand burned like fire, sending shivers of delight up my arm to coil hot and heavy in my belly. He'd actually kissed my hand. I could barely think, for a moment.

"I am Luca," he said, after I failed to ask.

"Oh, sorry, yes, I was going to ask but I...you..." I stopped, took a deep breath and gathered my composure. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Luca. Thank you so much for getting my bag back, and taking care of me."

Luca smiled, his straight white teeth brilliant against his dark olive skin. "The pleasure is all mine, Delilah."

"I don't know what I would have done if I'd lost my bag. It has everything in it."

"Roma can be most dangerous, at times. You are here alone?"

I nodded. "It's a beautiful city. I've always wanted to see Rome."

"Is it what you thought it would be?" Luca asked, resting his chin on his hands along the back of the chair.

"Yes and no. In some ways it's so much more than I'd ever dreamed, but in others..."

"It is not so lovely in some ways, too, no? I know this. I am from...you call it Florence, I think...and I too am often surprised at the state of things here in Roma. It is a complex place. You should see Firenze. Mio Dios. So lovely." He gave me a quirky smile, roguish and cunning. "So lovely, like you, Delilah. The only thing Firenze needs to be perfect is you, walking her streets."

I think I melted, right then. All I could do was blush redder and look away, down at the cracked and faded tiles beneath my feet. Was he trying to give me a heart attack? Was he really talking about me?

"I'd like to see Florence...what'd you call it? Firenz?"

He laughed, a flash of white teeth and kind mirth. "No no no. Firenz-EH. with the 'eh' on the end. Firenze. Florence is the English word. We call it Firenze."

I tried the Italian pronunciation, giving it the lilting accent he did. "Firenze...it's much lovelier that way. But yes, I think maybe I'll see Flore-Firenze next."

"For how long are you in Roma?" He grinned again. "That's how we say 'Rome' by the way. 'Roma'."

"I suppose I should have learned some Italian before I came, huh?" I laughed somewhat sheepishly. "I don't have any definite plans."

"Well, you are learning now, no? I am a good teacher, I think. I will teach you more. For example, 'thank you' is 'grazie'."

"That was the first thing I learned. And 'thank you' is 'per favore'." I showed him my phone, and the app I'd been using to translate. "I've learned a few phrases with this."

Luca laughed again, waving his hand in dismissal. "Bah. Technology is a wonderful thing, but I think perhaps nothing is so good as a person to teach you a language. There are many small things to speaking truly that no program or app can ever teach." He stood up and extended his hand. "I think maybe after so much running you are hungry, yes? Eat with me, Delilah."

There was no hesitation. I took his hand and let him draw me to my feet. "I would like that."

We walked through the streets of Rome, or Roma, I should say, him guiding me with subtle nudges. He worked for a vineyard, selling cases of wine to restaurants and bars throughout Italy and some of the surrounding countries. He was the youngest of four children, all of whom except him lived and worked in Firenze, a stone's throw from their parents. Luca traveled much of the time, but still spent a few weeks at a time with his family, "on holiday" he called it.

We sat across from each other in a little cafe, from which I could see the huge gray bulk of the Coliseum.

"I am returning to Firenze tomorrow, actually. I have been in Roma for a week, working, and for three months before that traveling in the north. I am ready to go home and eat my mother's cooking." He grinned. "I am what you Americans call 'a mama's boy'. I am not ashamed of this. My mother makes the best food in all of Italy, I think."

"I think it's sweet that you're close to your mother," I said, sipping the wine he'd ordered, something dry and unpronounceable and delicious.

"Europeans are often much closer to our families, I think. I have traveled in America a few times, and I think this is true."

"I think you're right," I said. "We move away when we're old enough, and it gets hard to travel back home. It's at least partially because America is just so big."

"It is also a matter of culture, and the raising of children, too," Luca said. "Not to mean that Americans do not love family, but for us it is different, I believe."

I let Luca order for me, and we ate slowly, enjoying each bite, trading stories of childhood. I'd managed to avoid any discussion of my reason for coming to Italy thus far, and I was proud of it. Don't talk drama, George had told me.

"So, why have you come to Italy? Just for vacation?" Luca had a sly look on his face, as if he knew differently. "I think it is more. You are alone here, yes? No friends, no husband, no travel group?"

I hesitated, wondering what to say. Eventually I decided on some of the truth. "Yes, I'm alone. I just had to get away from everything for awhile, and the thought of going with a bunch of random strangers, just seeing a few tourist-y spots and moving on...no thanks."

"What is it you are getting away from?"

I shrugged, trying for casualness I didn't feel; it was still a store spot. "Just...you know. Life, drama. The usual."

Luca waved his fork. "Ah. Drama, this I know. Perhaps you do not wish to discuss it, I think. You are on holiday to forget, no?" Our waiter brought dessert, spumoni for each of us. "Ah, now this looks delicious. You have had spumoni before?"

And with that he was off again, the topic mercifully changed to our favorite desserts.

When we finished, Luca paid, refusing to let me contribute, and we walked again, strolling aimlessly. Night fell gradually, time slipping away beneath our feet. We rested now and then, sitting on benches, our conversation endless and naturally flowing from topic to topic. Luca was careful to keep our conversation away from anything serious. Eventually we ended up on a high hill overlooking the city, leaning back against an ancient stone wall. We were sitting close enough that our shoulders and thighs touched, and with every brush of clothed flesh I felt a current of electricity buzz through me. I wished, like a school girl, that I was brave enough to kiss him, or even hold his hand.

"I leave for home tomorrow," Luca said, apropos of nothing. "I was thinking...perhaps you might like to travel with me? It would be a free ride to Firenze, after all, and if you did not mind my boring company on the way..."

My heart leapt into my throat. "I...you aren't boring, Luca. Just the opposite." I was thinking, frantic as a lovesick teenager, he likes me, he likes me, he likes me! "I would love to, thank you."

We wended our lazy way back to my hotel, and Luca stood with me outside my door. My heart was hammering in my chest, although I wasn't sure why.

I'm going to kiss him, I realized. My nerves knew before I did.

My back was to my door, Luca standing in front of me, one hand planted next to my head. We weren't speaking, for the first time in hours, just staring at each other. I was waiting for him to kiss me, wondering if he would, wondering if I should make the first move or if that would be offensive.

"I would like to kiss you, Delilah," Luca whispered, interrupting my thoughts. His voice was a breath on the breeze.

I tilted my head up, lips parted, and then my hand was in the feather-soft black locks by his neck and our lips were touching, barely grazing at first and then with more urgency.

He tasted so good, like wine and heat. His feet moved to bracket mine, and his hands were on my waist, and then one moved up to brush my cheek and slip past my ear into my hair. His hard body pushed up against mine, and I could feel the faint thump of his heart in his chest, a little fast, as if he was nervous too. Surely he could feel mine, hammering in my chest? I was terrified. I wanted this to continue, I wanted the kiss to last forever and never change, but I wanted more, and he was so hot, so sexy, and he was kissing me, me, Delilah Flores.

His hand moved around my waist to my back and slipped down, stopping mere centimeters from caressing my backside, and I really, really wouldn't have minded if he kept going.

"Perhaps we could move to the other side of the door?" Luca suggested, a smile in his voice.

I nodded, unthinking, letting my instincts move me rather than my fears or inhibitions. I fumbled in my bag for the key, found it, managed to turn away from his molten, desire-sparking eyes long enough to unlock the door and get inside.

Something exploded in my belly then, burst apart my fears. Luca closed the door and turned back to face me. I might have attacked him, just a little. A wave of pure lust ran through me, demolishing everything but desire. He was here, in my hotel room, larger than life, hair tangled across one eye, jeans low on his h*ps and tight around his firm ass. I wanted to touch him all over, feel him pressed against me, let him take control and float along for the ride.

He caught me, let me crash into him and crushed his lips to mine, and now-oh god-his hand slipped down my spine to cup my bottom and pull my h*ps against his.

Damp heat blossomed between my thighs, and I sighed into his lips.

"I like this," I said. I hadn't meant to speak, but the words dripped out of my mouth unbidden.

Luca laughed, a huff of breath against my lips, a smile curving his luscious mouth. "That is good. I like it as well." He moved his other hand to my backside, curling his fingers into the muscles beneath the fabric of my knee-length skirt. "Do you like this, as well?"

I nodded, and let my hands find their slow but eager way to his chest, feeling the bunched muscles. It wasn't enough, though. My hands wanted more. They wanted to feel hot skin. They snaked underneath the thin fabric of his T-shirt and skimmed his stomach, lightly brushing the dusting of hair to rest on his chest again.

He smirked, and then mirrored my action, slipping under my shirt and running up the skin of my back, coming to rest just beneath my bra strap. I gasped at the contact of skin to skin, pressed up against him and curved my hands around to touch his back. He just lifted an eyebrow, and kept still. Was he playing a game?

I lowered my hands down the ridges of his spine and the hard creases of muscle along his back. Now I was touching him just above the waistband of his jeans.

Dare I?

Oh yes, I dared.

I moved my hands under the jeans and his underwear to clutch the cool hardness of his backside. God, it was like rock. My heart was tympani beneath my ribcage, thundering wildly. Would he reciprocate? Would I die when he did?

His thumbs brushed the outside of my thighs, hooked under the hem of my skirt and lifted, pressed his palms to my lace-clad backside. His eyes were locked on mine, waiting for me to tell him no, but I kept silent, willing my heart to slow. It didn't, and when I didn't demure, but kept my eyes bold on his, he slid his hands under the lace to my bare skin.

I trembled, sucked in a deep breath at the buzzing thrill of strong, desirous male hands on me.

"You are okay, Delilah? I do not wish to press you, if you are not wanting this as I am." I could only nod, and he tilted his head. "You are nervous, then."

I nodded again, but knew I had to say something, this time. "Yeah, I'm nervous. It's...it's been a while. But I don't want to stop."

"You will tell me if I move too fast, okay?" he said.

My panties were pink lace, lingerie I'd indulged in for fun before I left Chicago, and was wearing them because they made me feel sexy and daring. Would he see them? The thought of standing in my bra and panties in front of a man was scary. I'd never done it before. That's not how things were with Harry. We had sex in bed, with the lights out. I'd never stood before a man in any state of undress, not intentionally. Oh, sure, Harry saw me nak*d all the time, just out of the shower, or changing, but...

God, as I write this I realize the hard truth: Harry didn't want me. He didn't desire me. I was safe, for him. I was security. I had a career path and I took care of him. But sexually, I was just there. Available, but not his preference.

Luca...he wanted me. It was in his eyes, in the roving possession of his hand, the bump of his h*ps against mine. His desire was infectious, and intoxicating.

I'd never been desired before.

I needed to show Luca that I wanted him too. I brushed my hands up his torso, along his sides, and lifted his shirt off. Holy hell. His body was chiseled from flesh-covered granite. My lips, of their own free will, touched his shoulder, an inch away from his neck, and then closed in to where his throat met his clavicle, and then to his adam's apple.

I'd never kissed a man, thus, with such tender passion. I didn't love Luca, but I wanted him, in a way I'd never wanted anyone.

Luca kissed my temple, feathered his fingers through my hair as I paid oral homage to the temple of his body, then skimmed his hands up my back and lifted my shirt free, and my thudding heart went mad.

"Your heart, it is beating so hard," Luca laughed. He tipped my chin up to look at him. "You are not only nervous, I think. You are afraid. Am I scaring you, Delilah?"

I shook my head, then nodded, and then laughed at my indecision, sniffling. I wasn't crying. I wasn't.

Shit. Yes I was.

(Cursing comes easier with every passing day; in writing, it is even easier. No one will ever read this diary.)

"Delilah? Mio Dios, you are crying. It was too much, I knew it." He sat me down on my bed, pulled me against his chest.

I was in my skirt and bra, but he hadn't so much as peeked at me, yet. This just made me cry harder.

"I'm sorry, Luca," I whispered, choking back the crazy, unwelcome, confused tears. "It's not you. I don't know what it is. I was enjoying it, really I was. I don't want to stop. I don't know why I am crying."

"Tell me, mia bella. What is it you are trying to forget?"

I shook my head. "No. No drama." I wiped my eyes, took shallow shuddering breaths.

And then Luca, sweet, sexy Luca, he kissed my hair line, and then my temple, and then my cheekbone, and then my jaw, and it was as if I'd always known him, always felt his kisses on my face. So familiar, so foreign; so electric, so comforting.

It only made another tear track down my face, and then I was talking. Again. Telling my stupid story, again. I had it down to a quick run-through at this point, an almost memorized patter of the facts: small town girl married her high school sweetheart, found him cheating on her and left him.

"But then why are you so afraid of this?" Luca asked. "You are not a virgin, it is not your first time, nor mine. I am not hurting you, am I? Not giving you pressure to do this?"

"No! Like I said, it's not you, not in any way. It's just...Harry, my ex-husband, was the only one I've ever been with. And with him, it was always in bed, in the dark. Once we were married-and we waited until we were married for our first time, or I did, at least-there wasn't much romance to it. We barely kissed. He didn't touch me like you are. He just...did what he did, finished, and went to sleep." I couldn't look at Luca as I said this. "I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know anything, except that...I want you. I want this. You...you look at me, touch me like you actually want me, and it-it's so wonderful. But yeah, I'm scared. It's new, and I feel vulnerable. What if I'm bad at it? What if you don't like...it...with me? It's like I am a virgin, in a way. In terms of experience, I mean. I've never done anything. I just let Harry do what he wanted, and that was it."

Luca's eyes were burning, with anger, but not at me, I didn't think. "Oh, Delilah. You poor girl. You have been so ill treated. That is not love, that is not even really sex. This Harry was only a selfish pig of a man who did not deserve you. You need to be taught what true pleasure is, I think." He tipped my chin up and kissed me, ever so gently. "If you are sure you want this, with me, tonight, I will be as slow an educator in the arts of love as you could wish. If not, there is always another night, and do not think I will be upset, please."

Yes, Luca really said that. He wanted to educate me in the arts of love? Oh Venus, still my beating heart.

"Answer me, mia bella Delilah." His command was gentle but insistent, his finger on my chin keeping me from looking away. "I want to hear your answer."

I forced my eyes to his. "Teach me, Luca."

A slow, seductive smile spread across his lips, and the pad of his forefinger dragged down from my chin to my throat, to my chest and between the valley of my cl**vage.

He tugged my bra between the cups. "Take this off. I want to see you, mia bella." I reached with a hesitant hand behind me, still sitting beside him, but he stopped me. "Stand up, if you please. Make of it a dance, perhaps. You are so beautiful, Delilah. So sexy. Show me you know this."

I shook my head. I could barely whisper, but he heard it. "I'm not."

He looked almost sad. "Know it, in your heart. You are exquisite. Stand up." I stood up slowly, arms around myself, trying to cover my br**sts and stomach. "Yes, very good. Now, put down your arms, just let me look. Feel your body. With your hands, feel yourself."

My breath shuddered, but I managed to force my arms down, and touched my h*ps above the fabric of my skirt. I ran my hands up my sides, touched the heavy cups of my bra and across the exposed cl**vage, then down my arms. Luca seemed to enjoy this; the lust in his eyes gave me courage. I reached behind me for the zipper of my skirt, tugged it down, hooked my thumbs in the waistband, then hesitated.

"Yes, take it off. Show me more." Luca leaned back on his hands.

I could see the evidence of his arousal bulging against the zipper of his jeans. My blood boiled, both at my wanton behavior and at the thought of his manhood, hard for me.

I slipped the skirt over my hips, wiggled my backside and let my skirt pool on the floor, and then I was in only my bra and panties, and Luca clutched the bedspread in his fists, as if forcing himself to remain in place.

"Mio dios. Cosi bella. Si guarda in modo morbido. Voglio toccarti."

"What? What did you just say?"

He laughed, a low rumble. His eyes never stopped roving my body. "I said, so beautiful. You look so soft, I want to touch you."

A burst of courage spurted through me: "So touch me."

He shook his head. "Not yet, but soon. First, show me more, mia bella. More."

My hands shook, and I looked away. I couldn't. Bare my body to a man?

"Please." It was a single soft word, said with a smile and a look of pure desire.

It was enough.

I reached behind me and unhooked the bra, a single eyelet at a time. I couldn't go any faster if I had wanted to. My hands were shaking like leaves in a long wind, and my heart was beating fit to burst from my chest. I was nearly hyperventilating. But, I did it. I got the bra unhooked, and, with an effort of will, crossed my hands to opposite shoulders and brushed the straps off, let the bra fall to the ground.

My arms crossed in front automatically, and my spine hunched.

"Stand straight. Yes, like that. Very good. Now, lower your arms. Let me see your beautiful br**sts."

I made my arms drop to my sides and stood straight. His breath was coming in deep pulls, his eyes half-lidded, his fists crumpling the bedspread.

"Now the rest."

This was even harder. Impossible. "I can't," I said.

"You can. You want to. You are lovely, and I want to see all of you. Show me."

I closed my eyes and took deep, calming breaths. I could do this. I did want to. He thought I was beautiful. Yes.

My hands ran down my sides, between my skin and the pink lace, pushed them down my thighs and I bent, br**sts swaying, to step out of the panties. Eyes closed. Hands shaking in front of my sex. Chin trembling.

"Look at me, Delilah." Luca's voice was soft, tender, insistent.

I shook my head, rooted to the threadbare carpet.

I heard the springs release as Luca stood up, and my shaking grew worse. I reminded myself that I wanted this. Floorboards creaked, and heat assaulted my nak*d body as Luca drew near.

I gasped in shock as a finger traced the curve of my side and down my hip. I tilted my head back when I felt lips on my shoulder, lost my breath when they moved down to my chest, and then to the mound of one breast. Fingers trickled up my belly, dipped into my navel and continued upwards, a slow journey under my br**sts and to my areolas, and then...

My knees buckled as he pinched my nipple, sending heat lightning zapping through my body, and his other hand was curving around my hip to cup one buttock, and all this while his lips were on my skin, touching my throat and my shoulder and my chest and cheek, and now my lips.

"Now look at me, Delilah. Please."

I looked. His eyes were on mine, patient and burning with desire. He put his hands on my shoulders and spun me in a half-turn, so I faced the bathroom door. I saw myself in the mirror, nude, pale as porcelain, voluptuous, with Luca standing shirtless in a pair of jeans behind me. His arms wrapped around me, across my belly, dark skin on white.

"Look how lovely you are," he said, his breath tickling my ear. "See? See how beautiful?"

"I see you," I said to Luca. "You're beautiful."

He stepped to the side, out of the mirror's frame, catching my hand in his. "Now look, it is only you. Now do you see your beauty?"

I shook my head. "I just see me." Again, the rush of daring; I turned away from the mirror and faced Luca. "Show me you think I'm beautiful. Continue my education."

He stepped toward me, closing the gap. "Help me with my pants," he said.

Oh, his education forced me so far out of my comfort zone; but then, just about everything did, didn't it?

I traced around the heavy, broad pectoral muscles, down between the canyons of his abdominal muscles, to his sides, and then the thick cords of his arms. He stood still and let me touch. Both hands now, all over his stomach. I kissed him, and now his lips on mine were slow and thorough, exploring my mouth with his, and I let my hands wander down to toy with the button of his jeans.

Was I going to do this?

Hell yes.

The button slid out easily, and the zipper fell almost by itself, and then his pants spread apart, showing black cotton. A breath, and then I pushed the jeans down past his hips, and he stepped out of them, one foot on the loose fabric by his other foot, and then the opposite, and then he was in only a pair of tight black briefs, his erection outlined, the head nearly popping out the top.

My god, the man was beautiful.

"Almost there, mia bella. Now the underwear. Slowly."

Two hooked fingers curled inside the elastic band at his hipbones and tugged down. The tip of his penis caught the material, and I had to slide one finger around the band to free him. My finger brushed his manhood and I, absurdly, blushed. Down past his thighs, now, the briefs went, and my eyes were helpless to look away.

Comparisons are inevitable, at this point, aren't they?

Harry was my only point of reference, of course. According to Marge, he was...poorly endowed. Small. Of course, she may not have been telling the truth, or just trying to placate me in some odd way.

If Luca was any frame of comparison, Harry was barely there. A moment of objectivity, perhaps: Harry's was shorter by a matter of inches, and thinner by nearly as much.

I'd not really seen Harry erect, either before, during, or after sex. As I've said too many times, we never did anything in the light. Ridiculous as it may sound, I made it through nearly ten years of marriage without ever really seeing him nak*d, touching his sex, or much else for that matter.

I felt a moment of panic. If we, Luca and I, had sex...he was going to put that in there? He was huge. I'd be split in half.

My panic must have shown. "Please, don't worry. You will stretch. I will be slow, and you will tell me if it is uncomfortable. But that is not for now. Do not think of that." Luca pushed against me, his erection a hard but silken wedge between our bodies. "For now, it is only about one minute at a time, one moment by one moment. Now lie down, and let me touch you."

He pushed me to the bed and I lay down, scooting to the middle. Luca followed me, lying next to me, close enough to let his heat warm me. His lips touched mine, and I felt relief. I lost all my worries, all my fears, all my thoughts when he kissed me. I could do this, when he kissed me.

Maybe he knew this, and pulled away to make me feel my fear and face it. He kissed me on the jaw, then my throat underneath my chin, and then the hollow at the base of my neck. My fingers found the back of his head and rested there. He moved lower, and lower, and...oh...god...

His mouth was on my nipple, teeth grazing, lips pinching. Pure delight. There was never, in all my life, anything so wonderful as Luca's mouth on my breast at that moment, his lips grazing the full curves, tongue teasing, flicking, circling. Wet heat bloomed between my thighs, in the folds of my p**sy. His hand found my other nipple, and then, holy heaven and good gravy, he put his fingers to my sex, pressed his palm to my mound and dipped a single finger inside me.

This was in no way like touching myself. He was all over me, kissing my br**sts, fingering my nipple, touching my p**sy. All I could do was arch my back and remember to breathe.

The finger inside me moved, then, a slow swipe, an exploratory delving into my depths, sweeping the walls and then back out. Oh, oh god, he found my clit, then, sweet Jesus...lightning blasted through me when he circled the aching nub with two fingers.

"You are so tight, mia bella. So wet." He spoke with his mouth still at my nipple. "I wonder...yes...I wonder how you taste."

"What? No, you can't..."

He did.

His body moved down and his hands pushed my resisting knees apart, and his mouth kissed a hot line up my thigh, higher and higher, to the patch of trimmed curls.

I've always kept myself trimmed down there, just because that's how I like it.

I tried to squeeze my knees together, mortified, embarrassed, shocked that he would put his mouth there, but he only kissed more ardently, tonguing my opposite thigh, and then the mound of my pubis and-yes, yes, sweet ecstasy-his tongue found my entrance, drove in and up, pulled back and licked again. He kissed the lips of my p**sy, then pushed his tongue back in, and I was a bridge, spine arching at every touch of his tongue.

He'd just gotten started, it seemed. He flicked the wet button of my clit, then, and I jerked, gasping, but he didn't relent, or stop, only licked again, and now his fingers were inside me even as his tongue began to find a rhythm, around and around and around, then up and up and up.

I wasn't sure what he did next, but something exploded deep inside me. His middle and ring finger touched a spot on the inside, high up, and I came apart. His tongue lapped against my cl*t and his fingers rubbed that spot and I was a gyrating, undulating bundle of ecstatic nerve endings, whimpering, bucking, but he stayed with me and kept going, kept going...

The world ended, for a moment, and I may have screamed.

Luca's weight was next to me again, and when I could move, I rolled into him and met his eyes. "Oh...my...god. How did you do that?"

"You liked it?" I could only nod, grinning shyly against his shoulder. "Good. I will do it again, if you wish, later." He kissed me, and I tasted my own musk on his tongue.

I found myself glancing down at his erection...at his cock. The word rolled through my head, and I said it mentally, trying it. Cock. I want to touch him, I thought. I want to touch his cock.

"Go ahead," he said, and I realized I'd spoken aloud.

I didn't giggle. Really.

Okay, fine, I did, just a little.

I put my hand on his chest and ran it south to his belly, and then my palm was gliding along his cock. It was...so many contradicting sensations. Hard but soft at the same time. Hard as steel, but a little springy under my fingers, and silky smooth, warm. Long, and thick. I wrapped a fist around him, and my fingers barely met. His eyes shuddered and squeezed closed, and I realized then the effect I was having on him. He liked this. He enjoyed my touch.

I slipped my hand down his length, then put my other hand around him, fist above fist, and then a single drop of clear liquid seeped out the hole at the top, the name of which I couldn't remember at the time and it doesn't matter now, as I write this. I moved my hands together up his length and then back down, mimicking the action of sex, squeezing gently.

His testicles were tight against him, and I touched them too, cupped them in my palm, amazed at how much heavier they were than I expected. I returned my hands to his cock, and let them simply touch and explore.

I was amazed at myself, at my calm as I wrapped my fingers around the c*ck of a man I'd just met.

His hands caught mine and he pushed them away. "Enough, for now. If you continue, this will be over before it has begun."

I knew, clinically speaking what would happen. I'd never seen it happen, though. Harry always came inside me. I wanted to see it happen. I wanted to make it happen.

"I want to, though. I mean, I want to make you...you know. Like you did for me."

Luca smiled and cupped my breast, leaned over me and kissed me. "Oh, you will. And later, you can do what you want to me. For now, though, I want to be here," he said as he touched two fingers to my p**sy.

Logic pushed through me. "I'm on the pill," I told him.

There were other considerations I knew I should ask about, but his mouth found my nipple again, and he was leaning above me, touching me with his fingers, fluttering inside me.

"That is good. And I am clean, tested regularly, nothing to worry about," Luca said, kneeling between my thighs. "Now, look at me, Delilah."

I ran my hands up his sides, rested them on his back, looking up at him.

"Are you sure? You want this? I will stop. Now, or during, just tell me."

I closed my eyes and breathed deep, searched myself for doubts, and found only nerves, but no fear, no doubts. "Just...be gentle."

He moved closer, and then there was a presence, a hard, moist tip pushing into me, his eyes on mine, watching for my reaction. I flattened my palms on his back and held my breath as he slid in. He was slow, so, so slow. An inch, and then a pause, one hand supporting his weight, the other toying with my breast and my nipple.

Another thrust, a little deeper, and I felt my wetness slicking him, felt my muscles burning pleasantly as he stretched me to accommodate, and oh god, oh god, it never felt like this before. Not with such desire, such appreciation in Luca's eyes, his hands on me, exploring my skin, his body moving him deeper into me.

He made an "mmmmm" noise in the back of his throat and plunged all the way in, our h*ps bumping, and then I felt the fluttering pressure low in my belly. He held there, and now I was so wet, so wet, so full of him, past full, and he slid out so all that remained inside was the very tip. This time he slid in to the hilt in one thrust, and I gasped, mouth wide, head arched back, and my fingers scrabbled at his back.

The next thrust was smoother, out and back in, his full length drawing out and spearing in and the heat was spreading, the pressure burgeoning. Again, and again, and now my legs were around his buttocks and pulling him against me, because yes I loved this, wanted it so much, it felt so good.

A rhythm was begun, now, faster and faster, and I was wavering on the edge of detonation, and then...

He rolled, and I was above him. "You do it, now. Take the pleasure for yourself, at your pace." Luca was staring up at me, hands at my waist.

This was new. He was even deeper inside me, like this. The angle of our bodies stretched his c*ck away from his body, and forced it higher within me. I tried an experimental roll of my hips...

This was nice. Oh yes...A girl could get used to this. His hands held my waist and lifted me up, let me fall down and then lifted again. He wasn't controlling or guiding the pace, only showing me, and I didn't mind, his hands around my waist felt natural and perfect. My weight was on my knees and shins, and I lifted up, feeling his slick length drag out of me, igniting every nerve ending and eliciting a gasp, and then I sank back down, god, so deep and there was no stopping me now from the sink-and-rise rhythm of his body inside mine.

He was grunting and whispering my name and chanting something in Italian, sounding like a song-it could have been si, tutto bene but I'm not sure-and he helped me lift and fall, pulling me down onto him, harder and harder now and the storm of heat and lightning and fire in my belly and my veins was raging out of control. My hands were flat on his belly, my spine straight and then bending and straightening as I rode him closer and closer to cli**x.

No, this was nothing at all like what I did to myself in the Chicago hotel room; the two sensations were almost unrelated. This was raw intensity, pleasure beyond the capacity of words to convey.

My h*ps were driving like a madwoman's, now, and Luca was exhorting me onwards, his head thrown back and his h*ps punching up into mine, his eyes closed and his breath ragged and his lovely, perfect masculine body sheened in sweat.

Oh Lord, was he right. Whatever I'd done before bore no resemblance to this. This was sex. This was making love. I knew I'd just met Luca, but I felt a frightening balloon of emotion expanding in my chest, all centered around Luca and this lesson in sensate delight. I didn't know what it was or what it meant, and I didn't care.

All thoughts were blown away, then, all knowledge of past or present or future. All was pleasure, so pure and raw and intense that it simply defies my control of words to capture.

I collapsed on him, our h*ps still rolling into each other with the fury of clashing storms, my arms curled under his head and clutching him with all the power of my locked and spasming muscles.

I felt him come, an instant before I did. He said my name and exploded within me, releasing a jet of wet heat against my farthest inner walls, "De-LI-lah," he said with a thrust on the middle syllable, his h*ps driving into me with slow, ravaging power. Feeling him come, I couldn't remain on this side of sanity. I dissolved on top of him, fell into trembling, shuddering, gasping tremors as every cell in my body came alive as never before.

Luca was holding tight to me, fingers digging into my sides, breathing as if he'd run a marathon. I was limp, completely exhausted, all frayed, sated nerve endings. I was a puddle on top of him, and I couldn't have moved if I wanted. He turned with me so we were on our sides, his shaft still buried inside me.

"That..." I started, but words failed me. "That was so..."

"Amazing," Luca breathed. "So, so amazing."

I looked at him, met his burning brown eyes. "I didn't know...I didn't know it could be like that."

"Nor did I, and I am not new at this as you are."

"That was good for you too?" I asked.

Luca laughed, a full belly laugh of amazement. "Delilah...it was more than amazing. It was...I do not know all the words at this moment...it was powerful."

I didn't know what to say in response, so I didn't say anything, just nestled closer into his arms and tried to contain the baffling welter of emotions and sensations inside me.

Silence blossomed between us, comfortable and easy, the afterglow settling upon us like a heated blanket. I was just beginning to drowse into slumber when Luca spoke again.

"So, are you coming home with me tomorrow?"

My heart froze. Home?

"Come home with you?" My voice was tight and tense.

Luca caught it and spoke hesitantly. "Yes, home. To my parents' house for my holiday. I asked you to travel to Firenze with me."

"I thought you meant, I don't know...that you'd take me to a hotel or something."

Luca brushed hair from my forehead. "Well, I could, but that is not what I was meaning. My parents' home, it is big enough for you to have a room as well. Cheaper than a hotel, no? And more comfortable." He lifted up on an elbow. "I only meant it as a convenience, not-it does not mean what I think you are fearing. I mean, it could, because I have a great affection for you, though we are only friends recently."

Luca was nervous. His English, normally fluent, if accented and sometimes strangely structured, was growing harder to follow.

"Luca, I-"

What did I want? Maybe he just meant it as a kindness, or as he said, a convenience. But what if he wanted more than I could give? To say I'd enjoyed hav**g s*x with him would be an understatement. I wanted it again, and again. I felt insatiable, as if I could have him time and again and never be fully sated.

But did that mean I wanted to meet his parents? Did that hold the same import here as it did in America? I didn't know.

He sensed my rush of confusion. "You do not need to answer now. Maybe just sleep and we can talk more when the morning has come."

I nodded and let myself drift, thoughts spinning in wild circles. Luca fell asleep, and so did I, but I woke again in the wee, cold hours of the morning, my mind a jumble of emotions.

I left the bed, put Luca's T-shirt on and dug my netbook out of my bag, opened it to my diary and started writing. I can't believe how much I've written, and as I read it, I can't believe the things I've written. I don't know what to think, what to want. My heart is still a mess over the end of my eight-year marriage, and Harry's infidelity and my sudden status as a single woman alone in the world. And now there's Luca, sleeping in my bed, broad back bare to the dim night, muscles shifting and expanding as he breathes.

I can't deny the pang of affection that stabs my heart as I sit in the corner and write this, watching him sleep. What does that mean? Do I want to find out?

I don't know.

Part of me wants to run, to pack my things and sneak out of Rome...Roma...and find the first bus or train or taxi to somewhere else, somewhere far away from the dangerous slew of emotions the huge, gorgeous man in my bed has spawned.

Run. Run. Run.

The word hammers to the rhythm of my terrified heartbeat. It was supposed to be just sex, just a lesson in the arts of love. But...oh shit. The arts of love. I'd taken that to mean the arts of making love. What if he meant something else? We just met, a few hours ago. How could he mean that? And wasn't the woman supposed to be the one to attach emotions to a physical thing?

I'm going in circles, but I can't deny the urge to flee.

It's three in the morning, and I've just had sex with a stranger, and I don't know what I'm feeling, because he's not a stranger. I know him. But I don't, and I can't, and...

Run. Run. Run.

I wonder if I can find a bus to Venice at this hour?

