JUNE 12

The air was sharp and cold, the night dark around me, the city silent. I dragged my suitcase behind me, the tiny wheels bumping on the cobblestones, tipping the suitcase every other step.

I was running like a coward. Running from Luca, running from my feelings and my fears and from myself. But mainly from Luca. He was too much, too sexy, too amazing.

I had no idea where I was going, or what my plan was, other than to just go.

Run. Run. Run.

Every step made my heart hurt, made me feel more and more like a coward, a silly girl. But I couldn't make myself turn around and go back to him. He was sleeping so peacefully, and if I came back in, he'd hear me and wake up and want to know where I had gone, and I didn't know how to explain what was happening in my head, my heart.

A footstep echoed behind me, a shuffle and a scrape. Whispers in Italian, low male laughter. More than one voice. I tried to ignore them, quickened my pace along the street. I didn't even know the name of the street I was on, or if buses ran at this time of night, or morning, or whatever three a.m. was.

The laughter and the footsteps were closer, and I desperately wanted to turn and look to see who was following me. I didn't. I kept walking. Kept walking. Ignored the laughter, ignored the steps only a few feet behind me now.

Shit. This was stupid. I should have stayed. I could have told Luca I didn't want to go home with him. He would have understood. I could have gone to Firenze with him and stayed somewhere alone, and spent time with him, in a less frightening situation.

"Hey, bella. Where you goin'?" A foot kicked my suitcase aside, and I had to stop to right it.

Three young men, dark hair, scruffy not-quite-beards, acne, skinny jeans, and evil, leering grins. One of them kicked my suitcase again, this time knocking it from my grasp. I left it where it lay and stood my ground in front of them. The one who'd kicked my suitcase slipped away from his friends and squatted by my suitcase. He opened it, pulled clothes out of it, and tossed them to the ground. He plucked a thong and held it up, sniffed it.

"You wearin' one of these?" He licked his lips as he dangled the thong from a finger. "I think you are. You show me, si?"

He flicked a glance at his two friends and they moved apart, trying to flank me. I backed up, trying to keep all three in view. The one with my panties rose lithely to his feet and stalked toward me. His eyes roved over my body; I had slipped on a pair of shorts and a T-shirt, and the shorts were suddenly much shorter than I'd remembered.

The three closed in around me, now darting to tighten the noose. I felt hands clutch my arms from behind, hard, cruel fingers holding me tight. Other hands plucked at my shirt, lifting it...

Before I could scream, I heard a foot scrape, then a rustling of clothes, and then Luca was there, jerking the one holding my thong off his feet, bashing him in the face with a quick, merciless fist. I was released and I scrambled backward, thumping into a wall. Luca was a whirlwind, dodging fists and ducking, slamming his own return blows, all of this silent, only the sounds of fists meeting flesh and grunts.

Then the hoodlums were running away, and Luca dragged a wrist across his bleeding nose. He turned to face me, his eyes a blaze of confusion, pain, and anger.

"What in hell were you thinking?" He stomped toward me, fists balled, shoulders tensed, his gait aggressive.

I cringed instinctively, and he immediately softened.

"I am sorry, I am not angry at you, only...confused." He stopped within arm's reach of me, but didn't touch me. "Are you okay? Did they hurt you? Touch you?"

I shook my head. "I'm okay. They didn't do anything. But...if you hadn't come when you did..."

The reality of what had almost happened hit me then, and I trembled, swayed, and fell. Luca caught me and sank to the ground with me in his arms.

"Why did you leave?" His voice was soft, his eyes betraying genuine worry and hurt.

I'd hurt him by sneaking out. My gut clenched, and my heart was stabbed with a pang of guilt.

"I...I don't know. I was afraid. I'm sorry, Luca. It wasn't you, or...not because-" I wasn't making sense. I took a breath and started over. "Everything just overwhelmed me, all of a sudden."

Luca helped me stand up and gathered my clothes into my suitcase. He took my suitcase in one hand, carrying it rather than rolling it, and held out his other hand for me. He had blood smeared on his wrist and dripping from his nose. I took his hand. We walked in silence back to the hotel room.

When we were back inside, I pushed Luca down into a chair and grabbed a towel from the bathroom to hold against his nose.

"I'm sorry, Luca. I shouldn't have run." I kept my eyes on his as I spoke, forcing myself to face up to what I saw in them. "It was all so...intense, and scary. I don't...I didn't...god, I'm not making any sense. It wasn't you..."

"You are saying the same things, but you are not saying why it is you did leave." Luca held my wrist as I dabbed at his nose. "You are afraid of feelings, I think. You see that I am feeling things for you, and this frightens you."

I nodded. "I'm not ready to feel things. I don't know where I'm going, or what I'm doing, or who I am. I'm just...still figuring it all out."

His nose had stopped bleeding, and he washed his hands and face in the bathroom sink. He flexed his fists, and I realized he'd split his knuckles open. I moved to dab at them as well, but he waved me off.

"Is nothing, please, not to worry." He nudged me toward the bed and sat down on the edge next to me. "You are thinking too hard, worrying too much. You are on holiday; you must only have fun and relax. Do not worry about me, or what I do feel or don't feel. If you don't want to come with me to Firenze, then don't. If you don't want to stay in my parents' house, then don't. I will understand, any choice you are making."

I yawned and stretched. Luca pushed me down and tugged my shoes off. "You must sleep. You have had a difficult day, and now a difficult night. Sleep, rest. I will be here when you wake up, and you will tell me what you wish to do. For now, no worries. You are safe."

I was still wearing the tight shorts and the T-shirt, and I knew myself well enough to know I'd never sleep with them on. I glanced at Luca, then down at my shorts. It was ridiculous, since I'd already stripped for him, and done...god...such incredible things with him, but the idea of taking off my shorts in front of him brought all my fears and insecurities rushing back through me. This time, though, it was the innocent intimacy of getting ready to sleep that had my heart pounding. I'd never slept next to another man before. Never gotten ready for bed with another man before.

New Delilah, new experiences. I repeated the phrase to myself. New me, new choices. No holding back.

I took a deep breath and stood up, unbuttoned my shorts and pushed them off, acting as casual as I could despite my thundering heart and trembling knees. Luca was watching me, and I could feel the desire in his gaze, could feel it prickling my skin. He didn't move to touch me, and I was alternately grateful and disappointed.

I pulled my arms out of the sleeves, unhooked my bra, and set it aside. As I slipped my arms back through, Luca chuckled.

"I never get tired of watching that," he said. "Is always funny, for some reason. You girls can change clothes in the middle of a crowd without revealing a single inch of skin."

I shrugged. "It's one of those things you just learn as a girl."

I brushed my teeth and then went back to the bed. Luca was still sitting there, watching me, waiting. Standing near the bed, I had to summon my courage once more. Oddly, climbing in bed to sleep was as nerve-wracking as stripping for him in preparation to have sex. I felt a rush of excitement at the memory of what we'd done together just a few hours before. What I wanted to do again. Right then.

A tiny part of my brain told me I should still be upset over what had almost happened, but honestly, Luca coming to the rescue like he had only turned me on. He had appeared out of nowhere, a knight to my fair maiden. He'd bled for me. That sent a thrill of heat shuddering through me, settling between my thighs.

I wanted him.

An errant thought passed through my head: Was this a one-night stand? If I slept with him again, now, or tomorrow, and the next day, did that change it into something else? I wasn't sure if I liked the idea of a one-night stand. I had committed myself to trying new things, to moving past the long-ingrained religious mores and taboos I'd grown up with. But did that mean I had to abandon all of my principles? Where did I draw the line? I'd already slept with Luca and couldn't deny how earth-shattering it had been. I couldn't deny how badly I wanted to experience that with him, again and again.

"You are thinking very hard, aren't you mia bella Delilah?" Luca stood up and wrapped his arms around my waist. "Tell me, if you will, what it is you are thinking about."

I thunked my forehead against his chest, spoke muffled words into his shirt. "About you. What we did together, and how much I liked it. About how I...how I want to do it again." I looked up at him, forced my eyes to lock with his. "But I'm also wondering about what it means."

He tilted his head to the side. "What it means? I do not understand this. What should it mean? Two adults can do this together without it having a deep meaning, can they not?"

"Well, that's exactly what I'm wondering about. Yes, they can. And it happens all the time, just...just not to me. And I was raised...differently. I was raised to believe sex should only happen in the context of marriage. That sex outside marriage was a sin. When everything with my ex-husband happened, it threw into question everything I believed. I...resolved to start over. Do things I'd never considered doing before. Experience life, you know? And then I met you, and I wanted to do...what we did. And I want to again, but I keep...I don't know...fighting with myself over whether I think it's wrong or not. My upbringing tells me it is, and my body tells me it's not, and my mind and heart don't know what to think."

Luca's brows furrowed as he absorbed what I'd said. "That is very complicated."

I laughed, a bit mirthlessly. "Yeah, that's me. Complicated. Sorry."

He chuckled. "No, I do not mean to say you are complicated, just all that you are thinking. I did not imagine it would be so deep a subject when I asked."

"Oh, Luca. When you hooked up with me, you got a whole lot more than you'd probably imagined, on a lot of levels." I leaned into him, flattening my palms against his shoulders. I was worried he was about to leave, and wanted to get as much contact with him as I could before he was gone.

"Are you wishing things were simpler with me?" I asked. "I know I'm complicated, and I'm sorry. I wish I could simplify things, but...I'm just a mess right now, I guess."

Luca looked down at me in puzzlement. "You should not apologize for who you are. No, Delilah. I do not wish you were less complicated. You are who you are, and I knew you were not a simple person from the first moment we met. I like this about you. I am not afraid of the challenge of understanding you."

That took a moment for me to work out in my head. "I'm a challenge to you?"

Luca laughed and rolled his eyes at me. "Yes, you are. This is not meant to be an insult, so please, do not be so offended. You cannot apologize for not being simpler, and then be insulted when I say understanding you for your complexness is a challenge. It is illogical."

I laughed and pushed him playfully. "Hasn't anyone ever told you women are illogical?"

"Well, yes, but-"

"Relax. I wasn't offended. If you're up to the challenge that is Delilah Flores, then that's your choice. I just want you to understand what you're getting into."

"Oh, I know very well what I am getting into," Luca said, his voice husky.

The teasing banter had shifted suddenly. Now the sparks of humor were turning into sparks of heat. I realized, in the back of my head, that we'd agreed, in a sideways kind of way, to an ongoing relationship of some kind. I pushed away the thought before I could freak myself out.

I focused instead on the way Luca's hands were inching down from my back to the hem of my shirt, and the heat of his palms on my skin, and the dampness spreading between my thighs at his touch.

"You are supposed to be sleeping," Luca said.

"I'm not tired, suddenly," I said.

He was stroking my back underneath my shirt, but in a soothing way rather than a sensual way. His eyes were full of desire, and I could feel his erection growing between us, but he was holding back. He didn't want to push me, I realized.

I would have to show him what I wanted.

I stepped back away from him and pulled my shirt off, then stripped my panties away. He licked his lips and reached for me. I pushed his hands down, an idea in my head that I intended to follow through with before I lost my nerve.

I peeled his T-shirt over his head, pushed his jeans off, and then nudged him onto the bed. He lay down, his underwear tented by his burgeoning erection. I climbed onto the bed and leaned over him, planted a kiss on his chest, between his pectoral muscles, and then again on his belly. He tucked a pillow under his head and watched me with burning eyes. I met his gaze and slipped my fingers under the elastic of his underwear, pulling them down past his h*ps and off.

I ran my palms over his body, across his broad chest and washboard stomach, down his thighs and back up, finally coming to rest on his cock. He twitched, and caught my hands.

"Delilah-"

"I want to. I want to touch you." I pulled my hands free and grasped his shaft in both hands. I lowered my mouth to him, kissed his hip. "I want to taste you."

Luca lifted up on an elbow. "Delilah, you do not have to...please, just let me make love to you."

I looked at him across the expanse of his body, wondering why he was hung up on this. Maybe he didn't believe that I wanted to. I slipped my fists up and down his length, caressed his sack in one hand, then extended a hesitant tongue and touched it to his cock, just beneath the head.

He tasted like skin, and male musk, and faintly of me.

"I want to. I've never done this before, and I want to. I wouldn't do it if I didn't."

He laid back down, then, a smile curving his mouth.

"Do you want me to?" I asked. "Do you like it?"

He laughed, a low rumble in his chest. "Of course. Do not let any man tell you he doesn't like it. So yes, I do want it, but I also don't want you to think you have to, only because I did it to you."

I shrugged, and licked him again, then said, "It's certainly not that. I really, really liked it when you did that, and I hope you'll do it again, but that's not why. I want to know how you taste. I want to...just because I do. Now shut up."

He laughed again. "As you wish, mia bella."

I licked the tip, swiping my tongue over the soft, salty head. His breath caught, and his belly sucked in. "Just...tell me if I'm doing it wrong, okay?"

Luca laughed, tangling his fingers in my hair. "Only do not bite me, is all I ask. Anything else you could do will be right. There is no right way or wrong way."

I took a deep breath, held it, and then lowered my mouth to him. My heart was pounding in my chest. I was filled with excitement, desire, and a little twinge of guilt at what I was about to do.

I touched my lips to the head of his cock, kissing him, and then opened my jaw and took him into my mouth, just an inch or two at first. He was thick, hard but soft and springy at the same time. He was big enough that I had to stretch my jaw and my lips to take all of him. A bit more, then, deeper into my mouth. I wrapped my fingers around his base, near the close-trimmed curls of hair, moving lightly, letting my fingers barely brush him.

"Oh, mio dio," he gasped, arching his back.

He liked it, then. I must have been doing something right. I took more of him into my mouth, and then he was at the back of my throat and I was struggling not to gag. I backed off a bit, moving my hand more vigorously now, and I felt him quivering, straining to hold still. I widened my throat muscles and went deeper again, and this time ignored the gag reflex.

Luca gasped, cursing in Italian, tightening his fingers on my hair. He liked it deep, then. I didn't mind, now that I knew what to expect. I lifted my head so he was almost free of my lips, and then bobbed back down, slowly, still pumping at his base. He scrabbled at the bed with his heels, clutched the sheet with his fists, eyes closed, head tipped back. Every muscle in his body was tensed, and his spine was bowing upward, as if straining to go deeper. So I took him deeper, until I couldn't anymore, and then backed away, deeper, back away...

He was groaning now, both hands in my short red hair, his h*ps moving of their own accord, fluttering up and down. I moved my mouth on him in the rhythm of his hips' rise and fall, moving down on him as he rose up. I didn't take him so deep I had to fight the gag reflex, but close.

"Sto per..." he said, gasping. "I am...dio..."

He was mixing English and Italian, not making complete sentences in either language. I loved the effect I was having on him. He was clearly lost in the throes of extreme pleasure, and even if I didn't find any physical pleasure in doing this to him, I found myself enjoying doing it to him, giving him such extreme pleasure.

His fingers tightened in my hair until my scalp tingled, and then he gasped, saying something in Italian that I didn't quite catch. I felt his balls contract in my palm. He was coming, I realized. That's what he had been trying to say, warning me. I felt a burst of fear, wondering how it would taste, how it would feel, and what was I supposed to do with it, with his come? Did I spit it out? Swallow it?

I didn't have time to think then. He jerked his h*ps and I took him deep, sucked until my cheeks hollowed, and when I did he grunted loudly, something like si, but I wasn't sure, and it didn't matter because I felt something thick, hot, and salty hit my tongue, and then another spasm and another shot of his come splashed against my throat and ran down. I swallowed, realizing I didn't have much choice, because he was still coming, another gush of tangy, thick heat in my mouth.

He gasped again, raggedly, and I slipped him out of my mouth, but continued to move my hands on him until he captured my wrists in his hands and pulled me up against his chest. I wiped my lips on my wrist, still tasting his come, still feeling his c*ck stretching my lips and jaw.

I wasn't sure what I thought of having given my first bl*w j*b. I tried to analyze my feelings. It wasn't bad, I didn't dislike it. He was gasping and trembling still, clutching me against him as if he never wanted to let go. I liked that part. I liked what it did to him. I didn't like gagging, but if I didn't take him so deep next time that wouldn't happen. The rest was...fun. His come didn't taste bad at all. I loved his cock, loved feeling it, holding it, tasting it.

"Mio dio, Delilah," Luca whispered into my hair. "That was...sorprendente...amazing."

I nuzzled his shoulder, pleased and embarrassed. "You liked it?" I ran my hands on his chest and belly. "I mean...I did okay, for my first time?"

Luca laughed, incredulous. "Okay? Dio, Delilah. I've never...never was it so good. You have never done that before? I am not so sure I believe you. What did you think?"

I shrugged, uncomfortable talking about it. "It was...fun, for the most part. I liked how much you liked it."

"But?"

"I'm not sure I like gagging on you, though."

Luca laughed, gently. "Well, that is...how do I say it with tact? You do not have to allow that to happen. Most women...I know, do not like that, either. It is a thing that they think men like, so some will do it, to please the man, or to impress, perhaps? But I think the men who like to see a woman feel gagged in that action, it is only because they find some...perverse pleasure in the...I cannot think of the word. To make feel less? To downgrade?"

"Degrade?"

"Yes, that is it, thank you. Those men like to degrade the woman, to feel themselves more powerful." Luca nudged my face so I was looking at him; his eyes were gentle and affectionate, frighteningly so. "Delilah, you must please listen closely. I do not like that. To degrade you, it is...not my wish. I want you to feel good for yourself. To have esteem about your mind and your body and your heart, all of you. I do not wish that kind of pretended, negative power over you."

He kissed me, put a finger over my lips to forestall anything I might say.

"To pleasure me like that...with your mouth, it feels good for me, yes? But not so good as being with you, in you. If you wish to do that, of your own choice, then I will like it. But do not think you must, or should, or need to, only to please me." He brushed his fingers through my hair, smiling at me. "You understand?"

I nodded.

"Now...let me see what I can do to make you feel as I do," Luca said, smiling at me.

He kissed my throat, and then my shoulder, and then between my br**sts. I felt his palms skim my skin, slide past my face and to my n**ples. I felt a quiver hit my belly, a rush of pure anticipation. He'd done this once before, so I knew what he was going to do and how it would feel, and good gravy, did I want it. I wanted his tongue on me, his fingers in me, right then. But, of course, he made me wait. I suppose that's a good thing, since it enhanced the anticipation. He traveled down my body with his lips at a leisurely pace, slipping lower and lower, lips touching the curves of my br**sts, the padded bone of my ribs, the ivory drum of my belly. I trembled all over, tangled my fingers in his hair, my breath coming faster and faster as he moved closer to my wet, aching sex. He was so close, I wanted to push his face into me, but I didn't. I forced my hands to rest lightly in his inky hair and wait for him to find my folds at his own pace.

Time seemed to stop as he grew nearer to my p**sy, kissing the round muscle of my thighs, outside first, then the inside. I ached, feeling a whelming pressure in the depths of my womanhood. One of his hands found my breast, cupped and palmed and held it, then rolled a taut nipple between gentle, calloused fingers. I gasped, and then moaned as he lapped at my labia, slow upward strokes at first, testing my folds, tasting them.

"Yes, Luca, more..." I said, the words escaping from me.

He complied, drove his tongue into me, split my nether lips apart to taste my juices. His unoccupied hand trailed across my belly, past his chin, and two fingers slipped into my p**sy, curled up to stroke the sensitive patch of rough skin. I whimpered and arched my back. He rolled his tongue around my clit, pinching my nipple and circling my G-spot all in the same motion, same rhythm. Faster now, bringing my h*ps to a bucking frenzy and my breathing to ragged gasps...and then he slowed, almost to a stop.

I did pull his face against me then, and he resumed a quick lapping, but matched it with a slow circling of his fingers inside me while flicking my nipple gently. I couldn't think of much, but I did have a moment of respect for his ability to multi-task.

Now the whelming pressure in my loins spread, turned molten and then fiery. The trembling in my legs became shaking, the quivering in my belly became a desperate rolling of my h*ps into his mouth.

All at once, everything exploded. I saw stars flash across my eyes and every muscle in my body turned liquid, jellified by electric orgasm. Luca's breath sucked in against my folds, a blast of cold air, and then he breathed out, a gout of hot air, and then the electricity became unbearable, overwhelming. My trembling and shaking became spastic and my moans shrieks of pleasure as he licked and licked, stroked and stroked.

And then I passed the point of frenzy and fell into helplessness, my legs going limp, my hands heavy on his shoulders, and I felt a lazy thought float through me: I wonder if his jaw and tongue get tired?

I drew him up to me, clutching his head by the jaw and ears, clumsy and floppy, seeing flashes in front of my eyes, aftershocks shuddering my entire lower half. I clung to him, barely able to breathe.

Just when I was beginning to catch my breath and cease trembling, I felt something nudge my hip. I knew what it was, rolled to my side and smiled at Luca as I wrapped my fingers around his thick, rigid, ready cock. It wasn't so limp, suddenly.

Luca leaned over me, touched his lips to mine, a hesitant, questing brush. I lifted up to deepen the kiss, pulled him over on top of me. My hands rested on his back as we kissed, in no hurry for this moment, simply reveling in the exploration of mouths. I felt his fingers hunt for my opening, and then his soft yet firm tip pierced me, slid deep into my p**sy and fluttered with our h*ps flush.

He didn't pull out and thrust yet but stayed deep, light, delicate flits, just enough to send thrills up my spine. I pulled my knees up to allow him deeper, rocked my buttocks to get a good thrust out of him, growing impatient now. I wanted the motion, wanted the glide in and slip out, the build of pressure and spread of fire.

Luca wrapped his arms underneath my knees and lifted my legs up and straightened his torso. Kneeling over me now, he shifted forward, rested my heels on his shoulders, and then thrust.

I went cross-eyed with ecstasy. He was deeper than I thought possible this way, and then he withdrew so only the broad tip of his c*ck was inside. He pulsed there, at my entrance, clutching my ass to hold me aloft.

He drove hard, slashing into my wet pink folds. I arched my back, grasped at the sheet, and breathed a whimper. Out again, a brief ache of absence, and then he was gliding in and back out, and again, smooth, slow strokes. No rhythm yet, just Luca's throbbing manhood plunging in to stutter against my farthest inner wall, stuttering, slipping, sliding, Luca's gorgeous features limned with sweat and moonlight, his marvelously muscled body moving, contorting, shifting.

"God yes, Luca," I breathed. "More. Harder."

"Harder?" Luca grinned and clutched my thighs against his chest. "This I can do...mia bella Delilah."

Harder he went, moving into me with primal rhythm, resting his cheek against my ankle, kissing my leg, thrusting hard and hard and hard, and now...oh, god...

I was splintered by lightning in my belly, broken apart by a flood of release. I came again, a coiling detonation flinging me into the furthest fires of passion. And still he moved, lost within me now, delving deep and drawing nearly out, eyes closed, mouth curled in feral grin, midnight locks of hair drifting across his brow, olive skin sheened with sweat.

He grunted, a low growl in the bottom of his throat, adjusted his grip on my legs and thrust harder, faster, deeper. I was drowning in cli**x, rolling, rollicking, frenzied and wild, shrieking as he plunged into me.

This was better than the last one, which had been better than the one before...if this continued, I couldn't fathom what they would feel like in a day, a week.

He came, then, and oh, my god, he came hard. He crashed into me, hot wet seed flooding through me, spurting against my walls with every thrust, his face thrown back to the ceiling and locked in a rictus of pleasure as he plunged into me. Our bodies clashed together, came together. At length, Luca went still, pulled out and collapsed next to me, cradling my head on his chest and curling an arm around me.

I slept, then held close, feeling safe and protected.

When I woke, the sun was shining high through the window and Luca was in the shower. I slid up in bed, feeling sore in a pleasant way, sated and yet hungry. My netbook was in my bag next to the bed, and I opened it to write this entry. Luca emerged from the shower about a thousand words ago, kissed me, caressed me, distracted me, and then left to bring back breakfast and let me write. I'm done now, I think, and ready for a shower.

The question is answered, in my mind.

I'm going to Firenze with Luca. I don't know if I'll stay at his parents' house or not, but I'll decide that when we get there.

JUNE 13

Luca drove a pretty little red Citroen DS4. I showed a hint of interest in how pretty the little car was, and like men the world over, Luca was off and running, a flood of half-English, half-Italian exuberance over its performance specs and features and whatnot. What I took away from his impromptu lecture was, primarily, its name, that it was fast, and it was pretty. Most little cars like that get called "cute," but somehow Luca's car didn't seem cute to me. It was pretty, like a sports car almost.

We left Rome around eleven in the morning after a leisurely breakfast in the hotel room.

"How long will it take to get to Florence?" I asked.

"Oh, it is a sort of long drive," Luca said. "Perhaps three hours? If we go direct and without stopping, possible less. But I think maybe we will stop some of the way there and have a lunch."

I laughed. "You call three hours a long drive?"

Luca smiled at me. "It is kind of long. Remember, I drive all over Italia selling the wines, so I am in the car all the time. For me, it is not so long. For someone who only lives in one city and does not often leave, yes, it would be trip for a whole day."

"Three hours is nothing," I said. "My ex-husband's family lives in Montana, and we drive-used to drive, I mean...from Illinois to Missoula for the holidays. Now, that's a long drive."

"These places, they are a long way apart?" Luca asked.

"It's a full twenty-four hours of driving. We live-lived, I mean-near Peoria, which is central Illinois, and his folks lived in Missoula, which is near the far western border of Montana. It's, like...fifteen hundred miles? A little more?"

"And how often did you do this holiday?"

"Oh, at least once a year. We'd drive up for Thanksgiving and they'd come down for Christmas. Sometimes we'd switch."

Luca glanced at me, one hand resting on the gear shifter. "Do you miss him? Tell me truly."

I stared out the window and the lush scenery passing by, thinking. "I've tried not to think about it. I guess I do, in a way. I mean, I was with him for thirteen years, from high school to just a few days ago. That's like...half my life, with one man. He was wrapped in everything I did, everything I was." I bit my lip, trying to keep the emotions back. "It's been hard sorting him out of my thoughts, out of my decisions. I've been just not thinking about him, since I'm so angry at him. But...really, if I look deep, and hard, I realize I was unhappy. I just didn't understand it, or see it, until after everything happened."

Luca reached for my hand. "You can talk about it, Delilah. I will not be hurt, or upset. You need to talk about your feelings." I must have smirked at the idea of a man telling me to talk about my feelings, because he laughed and squeezed my hand. "Do not laugh at me. I am not saying I am so good at this for myself, but I know it is needed to be healthy. You have had your life upended. I am your friend, first and most importantly."

This made my eyes burn and sting. I blinked furiously and squeezed his hand. When I could breathe again, I said, "Thank you, Luca. That means a lot to me. I don't know what to say, though. I just have to keep moving, one day at a time. I've been pretending, even to myself, that I don't care, that I'm too angry to care. But now that it's been a few days...I'm hurt. I gave half my life to the bastard. He was my first and only sexual partner, until I met you. It never even crossed my mind that he might be cheating on me."

Luca nodded, his eyes hard. "To be cheated on is difficult. I know this, too, from my own experiences."

"It just keeps making me wonder what's wrong with me, that I wasn't enough for him."

Luca glanced at me, lifted my knuckles to his lips. "No, mia bella. You must not think this. I, too, wondered the same thing when Lia told me she had been sleeping with someone else. 'Why am I not good enough?' I asked myself, over again and over again. But in time I came to know that it was not me, not my fault. I loved her, and did all that I could for her. But what you must know within your heart and mind is that for some people, there is nothing that will ever be enough."

I shrugged. "It's just...the woman I caught him with...she was older than me, and, objectively speaking, not very attractive. But she was-she was skinny."

"Delilah, you cannot think-"

"I'm not hung up on that, really. At least, not much. It's hard not to be, at least a little bit. I'm not skinny, never have been, never will be, and I'm fine with that. I like who I am and what I look like. But, when you catch your husband in bed with a skinny old hag with floppy titties, it's hard not to think he picked her over you because you're not skinny."

"He picked her over you because he is an idiot," Luca said. "They say that some men only think with their dicks, but I think these kind of men, the ones who leave or cheat on amazing, beautiful women, they do not think at all. They only do what they think in the very moment they think it. It is thinking with instinct, but another word."

"Impulsive," I suggested. "I guess that fits Harry pretty well. He was kind of impulsive about things."

Luca pulled the car to a stop in little town off the main highway, where we ate some delicious food and shared a bottle of wine. It seemed odd to be drinking wine at noon, but it seemed perfectly normal to Luca, so I went along with it. I don't think Luca even felt anything from the glass and a half he drank, but I was filled with a warm buzz in my blood, a deep happiness settling over my shoulders like a blanket. The sun was shining, the sky clear blue, the air cool in the shade of the building.

"Would you care to take a walk with me?" Luca asked.

"Sure," I said.

Luca paid the bill and we set out, hand in hand. Luca had a blanket it in the back seat of his car, "for emergencies," he said, in case he ever had to sleep in the car. He folded it into a compact square and carried it under his arm. Beyond the little village where we'd eaten the land was lush, rolling hills and fields dotted with bursts of trees, scattered villages, and farms and vineyards. Luca led me away from the roads and the villages up into the forested hills, a gentle but strenuous hike away from civilization. Birds called, flapped, and trilled, and the wind soughed around us, clattering the leaves and cooling the sweat on my face.

After maybe half an hour of hiking, Luca stopped us on the crest of a hill beneath a tree with wide, leafy, overhanging branches, providing shade from the hot Italian sun. We lay down side by side on our backs, watching the clouds drift between the leaves.

Luca rolled to his side and rested a hand on my stomach. He didn't do anything further, but the look in his eyes told me enough. We were far from anyone, and I was feeling daring. I met his eyes and unzipped my shorts, shimmied them down, sat up, unhooked my bra, and stripped my shirt off. Being nak*d outside was a rush, another new experience.

Luca's fingers skimmed down my belly, across my thighs, brushed past my labia and then drifted upward. He didn't touch me sexually yet, running his hands over my skin, exploring every inch of my body. He stroked my arms, my hands, and my sides, cupped the curve of my br**sts and my hips, glided his fingers over my thighs and calves and feet. Once he'd mapped my body with his hands, he did it all over again, but now with his lips.

I lay still and let him do as he wished, but with every touch of his hands, every hot, moist kiss of his lips, I felt my heart beating harder. This wasn't sex, somehow. What he was doing was more, was...intimate. Loving.

I felt the pounding in my heart take on the rhythm of fear: run, run, run. I didn't want him to love me. If he loved me, it would mean I'd have to love him back, and that was terrifying. I'd loved a man for half my life and been burned. I thought I knew him, thought I trusted him, thought he cared. It turned out I was wrong. I'd known Luca for barely forty-eight hours, and the idea that he could care enough to kiss and touch me so delicately, with such reverence...it sent shudders of fear rippling through my body next to the pleasure of his touch.

I didn't know what to do with it, what to say, what to feel. On the one hand, I was desperate to be touched, to be loved. The realization that Harry had been cheating on me probably for our entire relationship made every moment we'd spent together meaningless, empty, and worthless. He'd never loved me. So now, with Luca branding my flesh with his tender touch, I found I needed more, wanted more, even though it scared me.

Which was really confusing.

I didn't know whether to be afraid of the worship in Luca's eyes, or to melt into him because of it.

I was ruminating on this as he plied my body with fingers and mouth, and so wasn't prepared for his tongue to lap against my clit. I gasped in surprise, flinched, and then relaxed into his attentions. By now I knew his technique and was ready for it, prepared to feel the fireworks. And feel them I did. Oh, my, what ecstasy I found at the end of his tongue, the swirl of his fingers against my G-spot. I felt his mouth retreat as I began to near cli**x. I mewled, thrust my h*ps in an attempt to get his tongue back to my folds. I lifted up to see what he was doing, saw him spit into his fingers, smirk at me, and then lower his hands to my folds. I was already wet, already slick with his spit and my own juices, so I wrinkled my brow in confusion. Before I could ask what he was doing, however, I felt the answer. He pushed my thighs apart, spread the globes of my ass apart with one hand and then slipped his spit-slick fingers against the knot of muscle deep inside, the one place on my body I'd never, ever been touched. I gasped, tried to pull away, squeezed my legs together.

"Please, just relax. You will enjoy it, I promise you." Luca looked at me across the expanse of my body. "But if you don't want me to, I won't."

I was still tensed, watching him, considering. It went against everything, every unwritten rule in my life. But he hadn't done anything I didn't like yet, and I knew he wouldn't do anything to hurt me. I barely knew him, but I trusted him. Which also worried me. I'd known Harry forever, and I'd thought I could trust him.

But Luca wasn't Harry.

I relaxed my legs, closed my eyes, and waited.

He massaged in slow, gentle circles at first, and his tongue found my cl*t again, and his other fingers delved inside my p**sy to stroke my walls. Sensations overloaded me, wired through me. He continued to massage in circles, and I felt his finger slip in past the ring of muscle. It wasn't unpleasant. Then, as his fingers and tongue worked their magic on my p**sy, I began to feel the fiery pressure of cli**x rising and building, but...twice as potent as ever before. And it was just beginning.

Moans escaped past my lips, and my h*ps writhed. Luca's finger pushed deeper and then deeper yet, and now I was whimpering nonstop, explosions rocking through me, my lower half shuddering, and his finger was slipping out ever so slightly and pushing back in.

Then the cli**x washed over me in full, and my world shattered. I screamed. Lights burst behind my eyes, my body buzzed and tingled and shook, and still I came. When I thought I couldn't come any harder, I felt Luca slide his body up mine, still clothed. I ripped at his pants, his shirt, got him nak*d in record time. Still trembling with the rippling currents of orgasm, I felt Luca drive into me, thick and stretching me. I wrapped my body around him, clutched him close and rocked my h*ps into his, driving him deeper.

I lost track of time then. We might have been writhing together for minutes or hours; I'll never know. It was one long orgasm for me, an endless cli**x rising higher and higher until I couldn't withstand it any longer, until I could only hold tight to Luca and ride the ever-cresting wave of ecstasy, drowning, gasping.

When Luca finally slowed his thrusting and began to plunge into me with slow, primal force, I was nearly limp and still cli**xing, slipping down the far slope of orgasm. And then he came, shuddering, growling, and cursing in gasps. When I felt him come, my body clenched around him one last time.

The sun was significantly lower in the sky when we woke. We dressed and hiked back to the car, holding hands.

When we were driving again, Luca turned to me. "So, what did you think?"

I knew what he was talking about. I smiled at him, shyly. "It was...intense."

"This is a good thing?"

"Holy shit, Luca. I've never felt anything like it in my life."

"Ah, then it is a good thing. I am glad." He took my hand and rubbed a thumb in circles around my knuckle. "Perhaps we can do it again, later?"

"I might need a shower first, though."

"At my parents' house you will be able to."

I didn't answer, only nodded. He was assuming I would stay with him there, it seemed. I wasn't so sure, though. There were so many doubts, so many worries about awkward questions, and expectations...none of which had any answers.

I didn't have long to consider, though, because less than an hour later we were twisting through the streets of Florence...Firenze. Luca parked his car and pulled my suitcase from the hatch, and led me through alleys and narrow side streets. We came to a wide wooden door that opened directly onto the street. Luca knocked once, then opened it and led me through. On the other side of the door was a wide courtyard, open to the air, windows on three sides and a fountain splashing in the center.

"Luca? E voi?" An older woman appeared, clearly Luca's mother, evident in the curve of their mouths and their aquiline noses.

"Yes, Mother, it is me," Luca responded, in English. He embraced his mother, kissed both her cheeks, and then turned to me. "Mother, this is Delilah, a very good friend of mine."

His mother smiled, looking at the way Luca and I stood close to each other, brushing but not touching in the casual closeness of people comfortable with each other's bodies.

"E lei e solo un amica?" Her smile was knowing, but friendly.

"English, Mother, please. Delilah is still learning to speak Italian." He nudged me forward, and I extended my hand to shake his mother's. "Delilah, this is my mother, Domenica."

"It's great to meet you, Domenica," I said. I wished I knew enough Italian to greet her properly, in her own language, but I was afraid what little I did know I would butcher.

"It is my own pleasure to having you here," Domenica said, taking my hand.

So maybe it wouldn't have mattered if I butchered it a little.

"Grazie per avermi qui," I said.

Domenica smiled at me, nodding. She led us under an archway, down a narrow hallway lined with painted portraits and Virgin Marys. We ended up in a kitchen, wide, high-ceilinged, tiled walls and a fan beating slowly high above. A table sat near one wall, a long, thick slab of wood, scratched and battered and worn smooth over the gouges. It was clearly an ancient thing, much loved, much used. Domenica trailed a hand along the surface of the table as she passed.

"Sit, sit, please. Coffee will be served in un momento."

The chairs were just as old, solid and smooth worn. Luca sat next to me and held my hand under the table, which made me feel like a teenager. His mother bustled around the kitchen, filling a glass-and-metal carafe with water and coffee and setting it on a burner on the stove. It took a few moments to realize she was making coffee with a percolator, something I'd heard of but never seen. While the percolator was percolating, she set about making sandwiches, cutting thick slices of bread from homemade loaves, cutting meat from a haunch on a platter in the olive-green circa-1950 refrigerator, and cheese from a yellow-orange wheel. She set them in front of us. Luca's had the crusts cut off and set aside on the plate. I smirked at him.

"What?" He said, his mouth full. "Mama knows how I like my sandwiches. I have told you, I am a mama's boy."

"Nessun'altra donna conosce un uomo come sua madre," Domenica said, over her shoulder.

"Mother, quit playing ignorant. Speak English, please. It is rude." He turned to me. "What she said was, no other woman knows a man like his mother."

"I figured it was something like that. I caught 'madre.'"

Luca laughed, and then scowled at his mother as she muttered something else in Italian.

"She thinks it is funny to pretend to not know English. She understands every word we're saying, and she can speak it passably well, but she doesn't like to. She likes it when Americans underestimate her, I think."

Domenica glared at Luca, muttering what sounded suspiciously like curses at her son.

"Now she is being impolite. Saying such nasty things to her favorite son."

"Not favorite when you are so nosy," Domenica said, in heavily accented but fluent English. "So unkind to your age-old mama. Cannot let a woman have her secrets from American girlfriend."

"Mama, she is not my-I mean, we are not-" Luca stopped, pinched his nose. "Meddling old woman. Do not mind her, Delilah."

"I think she's funny," I said.

We finished the sandwiches, which were beyond delicious, and Domenica brought the percolator and set it on the table. She pushed the plunger down slowly, then poured the thick black coffee into old glazed-porcelain mugs. The coffee, even after milk and sugar, was strong enough to shock me with every careful sip.

Domenica sat down across from us, poured herself a mug of coffee, and sipped it, black. "You are on a holiday, Delilah?"

I nodded. "Yes, ma'am. A sort of...extended vacation, I guess."

Domenica's eyes narrowed. "You are looking for something, then?"

"Mama, please," Luca growled.

Domenica gazed at her son with wide-eyed interest. "Only I am asking questions." Voices echoed from the courtyard, a sudden bustle of noise and activity. "Ah, your brothers and sister are arrived here. I think maybe they need help, Luca? Delilah, you stay with me and help for making a dinner?"

"Mama, I don't think-"

"It's fine, Luca. I would like to help." I put a hand on his shoulder, standing up. Domenica turned away and busied herself with filling a pot of water, and I used the opportunity to sneak a surreptitious kiss. "Go, see your family. I'll be fine."

Luca swallowed the last of his coffee and stood up. He kissed me again, and as he turned away, he pinched my bottom. I stifled a squeak, leaping away from his hand, slapping him on the shoulder.

You'd think, having just been fully and incredibly sated by Luca, that I'd be fine for awhile, but as he walked away I found myself wondering how I could get him alone. I was worried by the depth of my desire for Luca and the hunger with which I wanted his body and the sweet heights of cli**x he took me to. I'd gone my entire life not knowing what I was missing, and now that Luca had shown me, I couldn't get enough.

I turned away and attended to Domenica, who, with a knowing glint to her eye, ignored the exchange between Luca and me. She directed me in helping her prepare an elaborate spread of food, pasta, homemade sauce in clear mason jars, some kind of dish with sauteed chicken and roasted red peppers, steamed vegetables...too many other dishes and sides to remember or name. With the amount of food we were making, I found myself wondering exactly how many brothers and sisters Luca had.

As we began to finish the dishes, Domenica handed me a stack of plates and an assortment of battered, mismatched silverware. There was a formal dining room just off the kitchen, a long, narrow room containing a table meant for at least twenty people. I set the plates out, counting as I went. There were twenty-two places. Which meant, minus myself, there were twenty-one people in his immediate family.

I may or may not have had a minor panic attack as I arranged the silverware. I had one sister, and she had two kids. Harry was an only child. Even if both my family and his got together, we'd still only number ten. I tried to fathom twenty-one people at one table, from one family. Twenty-one.

What the hell had I gotten myself into, coming here?

I heard voices in the kitchen, all jabbering excitedly in Italian. I heard several male voices, several female, and a chaotic burst of children's voices. I made out Luca's honey-smooth voice among the babble, and felt a measure of peace knowing he'd be there with me. But...seriously? Twenty-one people? I'd never been with that many people at once except at parties in college, or classes. A family gathering? It wasn't even a holiday, as far as I knew. It was a Sunday in June.

I pushed away my nerves and set out the candles I found on a sideboard, huge white tallow tapers on elaborate silver candlesticks. There was a stack of linen napkins, and the sideboard also contained dozens of glasses of all shapes and sizes, mostly wine goblets of one kind or another of varying sizes. Not knowing what else to do, I set the wine glasses out at random.

I heard a footstep behind me, turned around, and felt Luca's arms wrap around me. His lips touched my jaw, my neck, and then my throat before moving up to my chin and sliding across my lips. His hands ran up my sides and back down, cupping my ass and pulling my body against his. I let myself melt into him, tried to draw strength from his steady heartbeat and graceful strength.

"Your heart is hitting so fast in your chest," Luca murmured. "You are not afraid, are you?"

I nodded. "There's twenty-one places, Luca. That's all just your siblings and their kids?" Luca nodded. "It's so many people. I don't...my family is small, and we don't all get together at once very often. And I just met you, and..."

"Delilah, please, you need to calm down. We are just a family. I did not think of us as so many people, but I can see your fears. My family is kind. They will like you. You will be right at home, I promise. All of my brothers and sisters speak English, and most of their children do as well. You will be fine." Luca looked at the table. "You did very nicely putting out the settings. Mama will approve."

"I wasn't sure about the glasses. They all seemed to be the same, so I..."

"It is fine. They are just things to drink from. No need to worry for it." He pulled my hand to lead me back into the kitchen. "Just be your wonderful self, mia bella. It will all be fine."

It seemed we had arrived a little bit before everyone else. The kitchen, which had before seemed so spacious, was now filled with chattering people, lilting Italian, and laughter and voices raised in voluble excitement. Children ranging in age from early teens to barely toddlers ran in and out of the kitchen, chasing each other and shrieking. I counted eleven, but they all looked alike and they wouldn't hold still, so I couldn't be sure.

Luca held my hand as we entered the kitchen. Hand-holding seemed to send a pretty clear message as to the nature of our relationship; I considered taking my hand back, but I honestly needed the reassurance of his hand in mine. The only way I would make it through this evening was with Luca.

A child of about six or seven, a cute little boy with unruly black hair and wide brown eyes, stopped in front of us, regarding me with nak*d curiosity. "Are you Zio Luca's girlfriend?" he asked.

I froze, blinked several times. Was I? I decided to go with the easiest answer.

Luca opened his mouth to answer, but I beat him to it. "Yes, I am," I said in English. I tried an Italian phrase: "Come si chiama? Il mio nome e Delilah."

"Delilah? I like this name. I am Benito. You are Americano?" He seemed eager to try his English. "Do you have a television in your bathroom?"

I tried to hide my puzzled look. "Um, no, I only have a TV in my living room."

I pushed away the thought that I didn't have a living room, or a TV, anymore.

"Why is your hair red? I met a lady with red hair. She was from Irish-land. She was fat and old. You are pretty and young. Your hair is not so red like hers. Hers was arancione come carote. Can I touch your hair?"

Luca ruffled the boy's hair, saying, "Benito, you are such a trouble-making boy. Leave Delilah alone and go play con i vostri cugini."

I laughed. "No, it's fine." I knelt down and tipped my head toward him.

He rubbed a lock of hair between his fingers, as if the red color might come off. He laughed, ruffled my hair like Luca had his, then ran off. I stood up, running my hands through my hair to smooth it.

"I am sorry about him. He is my brother's son, and he is truly a troublemaker, but he only means well."

"It's fine. He reminds me of my nephew at that age. Curious, and says anything that pops into his head."

"You have a nephew?" Luca asked.

I nodded. "And a niece. They're teenagers now. Lucy and Raymond."

Again, unwelcome thoughts pushed into my head. I didn't think I could ever talk to my sister again. If I saw her, I'd completely lose it. If I saw her husband, I'd tell him she was a cheating whore, and then he'd have a heart attack, and it'd be my fault, so I probably wouldn't ever see my niece and nephew again. I thought of Lucy with her bright blonde hair, her volleyball uniform, and Justin Bieber T-shirts, and then Raymond with his godawful death metal shirts and shaggy hair and earbuds always in his ears. My eyes stung. I blinked hard, rubbed at my eyes as if they itched.

Luca wasn't fooled. "What did I say?"

I shook my head. "Nothing. Just thinking of my niece and nephew."

"You miss them?"

"Yes. I will miss them very much."

"You will? What do you mean? Won't you see them again when you go back to America?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. I'm not sure I want to go back, for one thing. And I could never face my sister again, even if I did."

Luca looked puzzled. I hadn't told him about my sister and Harry. I sighed. "She slept with Harry."

"I thought you found him with an older woman? A preacher's wife or some such."

We were standing in the corner of the kitchen with his family buzzing around us. A giant bottle of wine had been opened and glasses were being poured and passed around, even to some of the older children. I sipped my wine and wished this hadn't come up.

"I did. When I found them, I packed my bag and left. I stopped by my sister's work, thinking I would talk to her. But when I saw her, and told her what I'd found, I just...I realized." My voice lowered until Luca had to lean close to hear. "My own sister, Luca. The bastard slept with my sister. And she-you know what? No. I don't want to talk about this now."

Luca wrapped his arm around my shoulders. "No, truly. I am sorry to have brought up bad memories. Drink some wine. Come, perhaps I can persuade my sisters to play music so we might dance. Hmm?"

He tugged me by the hand through the house and into a living room stuffed with couches and chairs and love seats and an upright piano underneath a window. Children played on the floor with toys spilling out of a wicker basket. Four women sat clustered on the chairs around the children, chatting in Italian. When Luca and I came in, they all stood up and hugged and kissed him. He introduced me to them: Lucia, his older sister; Elisabetta, his younger sister; Giuliana, his sister-in-law; and Marta, his other sister-in-law.

They all effused volubly about how wonderful it was to meet a friend of Luca's and how nice it was for me to join them for their family dinner. I smiled and agreed. They were physical, these women, lunging in and hugging me, wine glasses sloshing but not spilling, kissing my cheeks. I resisted the urge to wipe my face. I hadn't been kissed on the cheek by a woman since I was a little girl, and I hadn't liked it then. I liked it even less as an adult, being kissed by women I'd known for five seconds. I mean, sure, it's a European custom, but when the custom is happening to you and you're not ready for it, it comes as a bit of a shock.

I was saved from further awkwardness by Luca's mother announcing it was time to eat. Dinner was chaotic, loud, fun, filling, and delicious. Everyone passed the dishes around in an endless circle, everyone talked all at the same time, children shouting to each other from across the table, adults doing the same, everyone laughing, wine flowing like water, even the little children sneaking sips under their parents' watchful gazes. I could only eat quietly, take in the insanity, and try to imagine growing up in such huge, close-knit family. When I was growing up, dinner was a largely silent affair. Mother portioned food out for us before we sat down, we drank water or milk, and we didn't talk during dinner unless directly addressed.

This...this was total lunacy. Food was shoveled in as fast as you could eat it, seconds and thirds were taken without asking, dishes passed and set down and passed and refilled, forks and knives clattering in a constant undercurrent beneath the incessant chatter of conversations, all in rapid-fire Italian.

Even Luca seemed to forget my presence for the most part, holding a nearly shouted conversation with a middle-aged man across the table, one of his brothers or brothers-in-law, I assumed. Domenica was at one end of the table, and her husband was at the other, a dignified older man with thick, mostly gray hair, wrinkled, leathery skin and kind, deep-set gray eyes.

Questions were tossed at me every now and then. How did I like Italy, what did I think of Rome, did I see the Colesseum, and isn't Firenze the most beautiful city I'd ever seen, and how long was I here, and what did I do when I wasn't on holiday? I tried to answer them, smiled, and kept eating. The meal lasted for over an hour, people eating, eating, eating, taking a break to swill wine and let the food settle and talk, talk, talk, and then eating more, until all the food, which I'd thought could feed an army, was gone.

There wasn't any one moment or signal, but everyone stood up and worked together to clear their plates and glasses and the dishes. I found myself at the sink with Marta, a sister-in-law, washing plates while she rinsed, and the other sisters dried and put them away. They spoke English to me, wondering how I'd met Luca. I tried to avoid the questions, but they were insistent, so I told them about my bag being stolen and Luca getting it back. They seemed to find this funny and cute and romantic and totally in character for Luca.

"He must really like you," Elisabetta said.

Elisabetta was younger than me by maybe three years, with black hair braided over her shoulder to hang between her ample br**sts. She was built like me, with wide hips, large br**sts, a little taller than average, a little heavy, but she wore her curves with a delicate grace and elegance that I envied.

"Why do you say that?" I asked.

She grinned at me. "Well, you are here, are you not? Luca does not often bring people to Sunday dinner. I don't know if he ever has."

I frowned. "He said you guys brought people over all the time."

Elisabetta and Lucia exchanged a look I couldn't quite decipher.

"No, that is not quite true," Lucia said. "I am not so sure why he would say that. Perhaps you heard him wrong? When we were younger and not married, perhaps it was true, when we had a boyfriend to introduce to the family. If he couldn't find a comfortable place with Elisabetta and the boys, then he wouldn't get another date with us. Family is the best test of finding a fitting mate."

Lucia was taller than the rest of us, thin and willowy, her hair a little thinner and finer, her fingers long and restless, much like Luca's.

Elisabetta nodded, and so did Marta.

"I did the same with Lorenzo," Marta said. "If he couldn't be friends with my brothers, I knew he couldn't be my husband." Marta's English was the most fluent, accented with a hint of British pronunciation, as if she'd spent time in England.

I was silent through these exchanges, the women trading stories of their husbands learning to get along with their families. My heart was thudding.

"So you think he's testing me?" I asked.

Elisabetta laughed. "I think he likes you. That is what I think. Testing? I do not know if this is true. But you are here, and you are a sweet girl whom I like. So you should not worry about it, hmm?"

Lucia seemed to sense my worry. "Don't think of it. If you have worries, tell Luca. He will tell you the truth." She smiled at me as she wiped her hands dry on a rag.

When the clean-up was done, we found the men and the children all gathered in the courtyard. The children were kicking a soccer ball around, and the men, glasses of wine and liquor in their hands, would occasionally deflect a rogue kick. Luca was the most active, darting between children to steal the ball, passing it, laughing and playing as if he was a child himself. I stood near the entryway of the courtyard, watching him play with the kids.

He will make a good father. The thought passed through my head like a bolt of lightning. It was true, and obvious. He was clearly comfortable with the kids, as easy with the teenagers as the youngest toddlers. Even as I thought this, he scooped up a little girl, not even two, probably, toddling around and shrieking, trying to keep up with the big kids and getting frustrated when her little legs would trip her up. Luca lodged the girl on his shoulders and leaped around the courtyard, kicking the ball, laughing when the girl tugged on his hair to get him to go a different direction.

He really would make a good father. The thought in itself was simple and innocuous enough. The part that troubled me was that the thought also came with a vision of him romping around a similar courtyard with a little girl that happened to have vivid cerulean eyes like mine, above an aquiline nose and straight, jet-black hair. That bothered me. Why did I see that? I didn't want kids. I saw what Leah went through with Lucy and Raymond, the hellish experience of birth, all the blood and screaming...I mean, yeah, Leah says it was worth it and you sort of forget it all once you hold the baby in your arms, but I'm not sure I believe her. The way she was screaming when Ray came out, that's not something you forget, no matter how cute the kid is. And I also remember how haggard Leah looked for months after the birth, the dark circles under her eyes, the way she moved as if she'd gone beyond exhaustion into something else.

So...why am I thinking of kids? With a man I just met? It's complete lunacy. Idiocy. Madness. I've gone crazy.

I looked up at that moment to see Luca's piercing brown eyes locked on mine, his little niece in his arms, giggling wildly as he tickled her, blew raspberries into her belly.

"He is so good with the children, no?" Lucia said, appearing next to me. She handed me a little glass of something clear and potent, like vodka. "It is grappa, from the vineyard for whom Luca is employed."

"He is good with the kids, yes."

"He has had plenty of practice. There are eleven of them, the nieces and nephews for him. He is the only one not married yet. Mama wants him to give her the next grandchild, but he says he is not ready." She took a swallow of grappa, wincing at the bite. "He might have been, if Lia had not hurt him so badly."

"He mentioned her, but we didn't really talk about it," I said. I wasn't sure I wanted to have this conversation with Lucia. Such discussions usually result in things being said that someone doesn't want aired.

"Well, there is not much to tell," Lucia said. "He was so young when they married, only twenty-two, I think. She was older than he, by a matter of some five years. She was very sweet, very kind, or so it seemed. Everyone liked her, except me. I was not so sure why not, but something about her made me...not so trusting."

I choked on my grappa. "They were married?" I tried not sound as peeved as I was.

"Oh, yes, for a few years, too. Happy, they seemed. Then, she left. No reason given to him, no letter or note or a phone call or nothing. Only an empty apartment." Lucia watched her brother, the memory of his pain and her love for him communicated in the glint of her eyes. "He was broken in his heart. He loved her very much, you see, and when Lia left, of course she took Luisa with her."

A stone of dread hit my stomach. "Luisa?"

"Such a delightful child, Luisa was. Hair like the wings of ravens, and so very bright."

"There-there was a...a child?" I could barely whisper.

Lucia look at me with concern. "Merda. He has not told you this, has he?" She put a hand on my arm; I jerked it away and stumbled along the wall toward the door leading to the street. "Delilah, wait, you do not understand. It is not like you think."

I wasn't listening. I set my glass of grappa on the arm of a chair and made my way to the door.

Had a child? And he hadn't told me? He had been married? God, I was an idiot.

"Delilah, wait, please," Luca was behind me, catching at my sleeve. "Lucia was mistaken to tell you what she did. You don't understand."

I shook my head and pushed the gate open. I was nearly flattened by a woman on a Vespa darting past me, and then a truck full of produce and fruit. I couldn't hear, couldn't see, only thought of getting away.

I heard Luca behind me, calling me. Eventually his voice fell away, but I felt his presence behind me. I didn't heed where I was going. Night had fallen by now, the city bathed in shadows and an orange glow from street lights and cafe noise. I came to a bridge, stopped, leaned over to watch the water flow beneath me. Luca stopped beside me, silent, waiting.

When I didn't speak, he moved closer to me. "Delilah, please listen. Yes, I was married. She left me, one year ago today, as a matter of fact. But I do not have a child. I promise you this."

I looked at him for the first time since leaving the house. "But Lucia said-"

"My sister means well, but she is sometimes rash with the things she says. Luisa was Lia's daughter, not mine. I-I cared for her, very much, but she was not my child. I thought...I thought she was, considered her to be, but when Lia left me, I realized she was not my daughter, and never would be again." He picked with a fingernail at the mortar between the stones of the ancient bridge. "I am sorry I did not tell you sooner, but truly, I did not think you would appreciate being burdened with my past dramas, when you have your own which you are seeking to heal from."

I felt the stone lift from my chest. "So you don't have a kid out there somewhere?"

"No!" Luca spoke vehemently. "If I had a child, I would be there, every day, every moment. I would not let the child be taken away from me. I would stop at nothing to be the father for that child. But Luisa, she was not mine. I had no rights to her, and if Lia did not want me, did not want our family any longer, I could not fight it. In truth, for all that it seemed to everyone we were so in love, so perfect together, it was not so. In private, Lia was a different person."

Luca seemed lost in his story now, and I didn't interrupt.

"She was so polite and friendly with my family, so seeming to be a model person, model member of this family." Luca shook his head, eyes downcast and glittering with old hurt. "In our home together, it was a much altered Lia I lived with. Unkind. Given to hard words, sharp words. Insults. Nothing I do could be enough to make her pleased. Dio, so angry. I never knew why. She keeped her past a secret from me, but I was wise enough to see the scars of a life of pain, from before I met her. She told me one time, that she had slept with someone else. I have not told anyone this, not even my sisters. I forgave her, and tried to forget, but...it is not so easy. I tried to move on, but then, one day, I came back from a trip to sell vino in Marseilles and Venice and Corsica, and she was gone. Just made vanished. Nothing to say to me why. Clothes gone, my car, gone. All of the money we save together, gone."

I didn't know what to say.

"Luca, I-I'm sorry." I put my hand on his back, rubbed in circles. "I'm sorry. I should have given you a chance to explain."

"I have explained, and now you know." Luca turned to put his back to the railing of the bridge, pulled me into him. "So, can we go back home now? The others are worried for you. Lucia feels poorly about it."

I let him lead me back to his parents' house. There were explanations of misunderstanding all around, and I spent a long time reassuring Lucia that everything had worked out just fine.

My grappa was put back in my hand, and I lounged on a bench with Luca as his family swirled around us, children laughing and chasing each other, kicking the soccer ball, the adults mingling. At some point, Elisabetta and Lucia produced instruments, a mandolin for Lucia and a violin for Elisabetta. They tuned, discussed for a moment, then struck up a lively jig. Everyone joined in, turning the courtyard into an even more chaotic scene, people now dancing in circles, swinging and spinning in circles, everyone making up their own dance steps.

I felt my feet tapping, my body wanting to move. Aside from writing, I've always loved dancing. It was an activity that I seldom got to do, however, as small towns aren't exactly known for their night life. In college, however, I took classes nearly every day, mostly classical ballroom stuff, tangos and waltzes and samba and such. The more interpretive styles like jazz and contemporary didn't appeal to me as much. I liked the stylized steps, the ordered beauty.

Luca looked at me sidelong. "Do you dance?"

I shrugged, smiling shyly. "A little."

He stood up, held out his hand, and I took it, let him pull me to an open area. He started off easy, a basic waltz hold, and trotted around with me, no steps, no structure. The sisters shifted their song, playing a tune I'd danced to frequently during ballroom classes, and automatically adjusted my hold on Luca, my feet starting the steps on their own. Luca's face showed his surprise, but he went with it, his spine going rigid, his hold formal and elegant, his feet light and quick.

Good gravy, the man could dance. My instructors had always told me I could have had a future in ballroom dancing, if I'd been willing to put the work in and slim down a bit. Good thing I liked writing more, since slimming down never seemed to work. A bit of a digression, there. My point is, I can tell the difference between someone who simply likes to dance, and someone who has had training, who takes it seriously.

Luca was a dancer. His poise was impeccable, his mastery of footwork breathtaking. He led me flawlessly, moving me around the courtyard, our eyes locked, the world blocked out but for the music flowing between us and in our veins. We came to a part of the dance where there would normally be a lift, if this was a choreographed number. I felt Luca's hold adjusting, watched his eyes scan the floor around us, calculating, assessing.

"Ready?" he breathed.

I nodded. Three steps, a half-turn, and then his hands moved to my waist, lifting me as I hopped. I'm not the most agile girl in the world, but I'm lighter on my feet than most people would assume, and Luca, well, he was powerful enough to lift me and make it look effortless.

We pulled off the lift like we'd practiced it for days. I felt the rush of excitement and adrenaline that follows pulling off something difficult, and then we were off again, spinning around the courtyard, his hand hot and powerful on my waist, his eyes piercing mine, desire raging from him in palpable waves, igniting my own need and lust. Dancing had suddenly never been so sensual, our bodies moving in perfect harmony, fitting just right.

The song eventually ended, and Luca and I glided to a stop, hand in hand, breathing hard and sweating, unable to break eye contact. His family was cheering, clapping, the kids going wild. I realized they'd all stopped to watch, and felt my cheeks flame. I'd never danced for an audience. I took lessons, got my fix out then, and never had any desire to get on a stage and perform, or compete, even though my instructors fairly begged me to on a regular basis.

"You are a truly marvelous dancer, Delilah," Luca said.

"You, too. I had no idea you were a dancer."

"Nor did I." Luca led me by the hand out of the courtyard and away from the prying eyes of his family. "We should dance together more often. I have not danced with someone so skilled in many years."

"Me, either," I said. "Not since college. I can't believe we did that lift!"

Luca laughed. "I know! I thought it was worth a try, when I realized you knew the steps so fluently. You are very graceful."

We were standing near a flight of stairs, and Luca glanced from my flushed face to the stairs, and then the courtyard. His family was dancing again, Elisabetta and Lucia playing another improvised jig.

Luca licked his lips, and then pulled me up the stairs.

"Where are we going?" I asked. I hoped he had in mind what I thought he did.

"Somewhere private. Or, mostly private." Luca turned a corner, pulling me down a narrow, wood-paneled hallway to a door at the end.

The room behind the door was small but comfortable, a guest bedroom obviously seldom used. There were two windows, one looking out over the city, and the other over the courtyard. The music was clearly audible, the laughter of children mingling with the chatter of adults, the slap of feet against cobblestones and the splashing fountain.

Somehow, my suitcase was in the corner of the room. I wasn't sure when Luca had brought it in from the car, but there it was.

Luca closed the door and hooked a chain over the door, then turned to me, desire fiery in his eyes. I lunged for him, locking my lips around his, my hands pulling at his shirt, tugging it off, and then unbuttoning his jeans. A flurry of busy hands had both of us nak*d in seconds, and then Luca's warm hands were skimming over my body, mine over his.

His mouth trailed kisses down my throat to my br**sts, teeth grazing my n**ples, and then his fingers slipped over my belly to caress the mound of my sex, unleashing a flood between my thighs. His c*ck was hard in my hands, an intoxicating shaft of heat and steel and silk.

I wanted him, right then. I didn't want to wait for him to touch me. I moved toward him, lifting on my toes, guiding him toward my entrance. Luca had other plans. He pushed me back toward the bed, kissing my lips hard enough to take my breath away. I started to crawl backward on the bed, but Luca gave me a mischievous grin, then took my h*ps in his hands and turned me around to face the bed. I looked at him over my shoulder, confused.

He ran his hands up my back, caressing and pushing at the same time, then pressed his lips to my spine, tangled his fingers in mine and stretched my arms over my head. Somehow I ended up bent forward over the bed, my arms in front of me. I began to understand what he had planned when his hands moved back down my spine toward my ass, then down farther still to stroke my p**sy with gentle, probing fingers. He found my entrance and delved in with his fingers, curling up to find my G-spot, caressing it until I began to move my h*ps and gasp.

I felt the leaking tip of his c*ck drag down the crease of my ass, guided by his hand, and then he was sliding inside me, filling me, pushing deep. He was standing straight, his c*ck buried inside me, and then he pulled back and drove in, and I couldn't help moaning low in my throat.

"Shhh, the window is open. They will hear us," Luca whispered. "Not a sound, okay?"

I nodded and bit the blanket as he moved in a rhythm within me, thrusting harder with every passing second, on hand braced on my lower back, the other pulling my h*ps back into him. I felt his finger trace down my ass, slip between the cheeks and probe the knot of muscle there. Something wet and warm touched my second opening and then his finger was pushing in, slowly and carefully. Now I was ready for it, knew what it would feel like, welcomed it with an eagerness that worried me in the back of my head.

His finger slipped in, and I had to stifle another loud moan. I felt myself stretch again back there, and then the filled feeling increased and my rising orgasm neared peak. I craned my neck to look over my shoulder, but all I could see was Luca's body moving as he plunged into my p**sy.

"I would like to put myself down there," he said, leaning over to whisper into my ear. "Do you trust me to do so?"

"You mean, your...you want to put your cock...in there?" The idea filled me with panic all over again.

Luca nodded, and I hesitated.

I was just getting used to his fingers. I liked his fingers, liked the intensity of the orgasm it gave me, but I wasn't sure I was ready for any more, either physically or mentally.

"I don't know, Luca. I'm kind of nervous about that. Especially with the window open." I felt his fingers withdrawing. "You can keep doing what you're doing, but...can we wait for...the other part? I'm not saying no, just not yet. Not now."

"It is okay," he said. "I hope I did not upset you."

I shook my head and moved my h*ps back into him. "No, no. Just...don't stop. Keep going. I'm close."

He kissed my back, rolled his h*ps into my ass and filled me, deep and slow. I moaned into the mattress as the cli**x, which had started to recede with the distraction, began to build up again. Luca's body moved against mine in a slow and steady rhythm, his h*ps bumping against the flesh and muscle of my backside, his muscled thighs brushing against mine, his hand on my hip and two fingers slipping deeper into my ass with every thrust of his cock.

Sensation swept over me, inundated me. I was being stretched and filled, pushed to the brink of tolerance, so full of Luca, so burning with the raging fire of boiling cli**x that I nearly couldn't take it anymore, almost wanted to tell him to stop, to take his fingers out and let me come with him on my back, in a more familiar position. I wasn't uncomfortable, standing bent forward, but it was so new, so unfamiliar, so strange. The only contact between us was sexual, and I had gotten to like...to love...the feel of his body on mine, his broad, dark bulk pinning me and protecting me, sheltering me.

This...this was different. I was presented as a sexual object like this. Only his c*ck inside me, his fingers inside me, his hands encouraging me. Did I like this? I had to ask myself the question. It felt good-I couldn't and wouldn't deny that. But...did it feel good emotionally?

God, yes. It felt dirty. It felt wanton. It was sinful.

While I debated this internally, I had slowed the roll of my h*ps into him, let his body do the work. Now, as I came to the decision to stop questioning, I gathered the blanket into my fists and arched my back, lifted up on my toes, sent myself plunging back into his body, and now, with my help, his c*ck speared deep into me and the pressure of cli**x blew through me, sending shocks of fire and heat rifling through my body. I buried my face in the bed and let myself moan, let myself whimper and sigh as sweet, powerful, thoughtful Luca drove into me. I felt him cross the threshold, that moment when he could no longer hold back, could no longer keep his motions measured or his thrusts gentle.

His fingers moved inside me, pushed deeper, and then he was leaning forward and his knees were trembling against the back of my legs and he was coming and so was I, grinding my teeth together to keep from crying out loud. Luca's hand dug into my hip and jerked me backward as he powered into me, his balls slapping against me, his come shooting deep and his tip throbbing against my wall.

We came together, moving in sync, me thrust back as he pushed forward, slow, savage grinding of our bodies together, instinctively seeking to go deeper, more, harder. I heard his breath coming in ragged gasps behind me. The orgasm washing through me was like a tsunami of sensate delight, a true agony of ecstasy, too much thrilling raging rampant pleasure to contain, light bursting behind my eyes and in every synapse, every muscle clenching and releasing, clenching and releasing.

As Luca went limp on top of me, I wondered, if it felt that good to have his fingers down there, if I might like it even more with his manhood. I worried about it hurting, since his fingers, even two of them, were significantly smaller than his cock.

I knew then that I'd try it. I'd let him. I was glad I hadn't then and there, though, for I was learning I was vocal, and enjoyed letting myself shriek and moan out loud. Stifling my voice during sex seemed to dampen the pleasure I got from it, as silly as that may sound. The knowledge that we were within earshot of his entire family made the experience seem deliciously illicit and exhilaratingly naughty.

Luca slid out of me and helped me climb onto the bed, lay down next to me. "Mio dio, Delilah. The things you do to me."

I laughed. "I do to you? You're the one sticking your fingers in my a**hole."

"True, but you liked it, I am fairly certain," Luca said, grinning.

"Oh, I liked it all right," I said.

He sobered. "I am sorry for pressuring you into something for which you were not ready."

I kissed him, just to reassure him. "You didn't pressure me, Luca. You asked, and I said not now, and you let it go." I traced circles with my fingertip in the light dusting of hair on his broad chest, not quite looking at him. "I'm willing to try, if you want. It's just...not here, not now. Not with everyone awake and listening, and whatever."

"No, you are right. This was perhaps not the best time for such things." He gave me a playful slap on the ass. "Especially since you make such loud, wonderful noises."

I blushed and buried my face against him again, my words muffled by his skin. "I am kind of noisy, huh?"

"Yes, and I love it."

There was an awkward tension suddenly, stemming from his use of the "L" word. Again, the panic hit me, and I tensed, my breath catching as if a weight had settled on my chest. Run. Run. Run. My heartbeat was a rapid-fire thumping, and I wanted, in that moment, to get up, throw some clothes on, and flee, find a cab to anywhere. Love? No. No no no. I tried to tell myself he hadn't meant it like that, but it didn't help. I couldn't deal with being in love, being loved. I was in Italy to find myself, to figure out who I was, to get some life experience, some sexual experience. I was getting sexual experience in spades, and I was loving it, but the rest? Not so sure.

Who was I? Who was Delilah Flores? I knew I liked writing, and dancing. I liked wine. I liked sex, it seemed. I never really had before, it had just been something that happened because I was married and Harry was so damned persistent about it. But I'd never liked it, wanted it, needed it. Now, since meeting Luca, I couldn't get enough. Even now, barely ten minutes after a mind-blowing orgasm, I wanted Luca again.

So I liked sex, a lot.

A thought blew through my head. What would sex with Brad from Chicago have felt like? Would it have been different? What about someone else? A random man, someone from a different country, a different city? The body parts all went in the same places in the same way, so in some sense I thought it might all be pretty much the same. Right? But what if a different man was less understanding of my hesitancies? Less accepting of the fact that I wasn't a diminutive little thing? A different man may not have taken no as an answer just a few minutes ago.

If I let things with Luca progress and just stayed here in Italy with him, what possibilities would I be giving up? I had intended to see more of the world. Greece, England, Germany, Sweden, Ireland, there were so many places I wanted to see.

But Luca...god, he's amazing.

I'm sitting in the bed with him, with the window open and the sounds of laughter and conversation, all adult now as children begin to tire out. Luca is next to me, answering emails from his phone as I write. It's comfortable, intimate, and familiar. I can see myself doing this with him day in and day out, lying in bed together, writing, doing business, reading, talking, watching TV. The very fact that this seems so easy scares me. It's almost as if I'd always lain in bed with Luca, as if I always will.

The pressure of fear in my chest is back, leaning on me even as I type. I'm not sure what I want. I don't know what to do. So much of me is screaming at me to run, to flee, to catch a bus to the airport and fly away, go anywhere, don't get trapped by love before I've even begun my journey.

A niggling voice, small but insistent, says if I run, I could be giving up the best thing that ever happened to me.

Elisabetta is outside the door, telling us to come back out, we've had enough time alone.

This family seems like a family I could be very happy with. Which only serves to further confuse me.

JUNE 16

I've spent the last two days in Firenze with Luca's family. I'm more at home with them than I've ever felt with my own family. Scary thought, huh?

Lucia in particular has become a close friend. Which leads into another scary thought: I didn't have any friends back home-back in the States. I mean, none. Leah was the closest thing, but she was my sister, and that doesn't really count, does it? I had work acquaintances, Harry, a few ladies from church that I'd do lunch with occasionally, but no one I could just sit around and drink grappa with, listen to music with, stroll the streets and chat with.

I do all these things with Lucia. She understands me in the same way as Luca. She doesn't judge me, she understands where I'm coming from emotionally, especially after I related my adventures of the past few days.

My god. It's only been a few days. Barely a week since I walked in on Harry with Helen. It's felt like a lifetime. I'm a different person already. I curse, I drink alcohol, and I have sex with Luca. A week ago, all these things would have been mortal sins, life-altering lapses in judgment. Here, it's just life.

My confusion isn't gone. I still don't know what to do. In the meantime, I stay here. It's easiest. Luca says he'll be here for at least two weeks, if not more, so there's no rush. I can take my time to decide. I'm not spending money on a hotel, or food, or cabs. I help Domenica cook, I help everyone clean up after meals, I play with the children. I'm learning Italian faster every day.

I want to see Venice. I want to see Athens, the Acropolis, millennia-old theaters where the first great plays were performed. I want to see London with the red double-decker buses and Big Ben and the London Bridge.

But, Luca. Lucia. Little Benito with his fast, loud mouth and adorable curls. Quiet little Rosa with her nak*d dolls and crayon drawings of ponies. Domenica, with her knowing eyes and effortless dignity and grace.

And Luca. Luca. His smooth power, quick, attentive hands, his skillful mouth. And god, his cock. I've never wanted anything so much, so frequently. I love being in bed with him. Or on the bed, or bent over the bed, or standing up against the wall (like this morning, as I was getting into the shower). Anywhere, anytime. I'm a monster for sex now. Poor Luca. I'm afraid I'm exhausting the poor man with my insatiable appetite.

But no, that's nonsense. He's as voracious as I am.

Here he comes now, back from the gym, sweaty, shirtless, hair splayed across his brow and sticking to his skin, muscles ripped and glistening, his cut-off sweat shorts hanging low across his hips, revealing that glorious V-cut of muscle. I think every woman likes that. Whether you like your men muscle-bound or wiry, hairy or smooth, that little indentation of muscles leading to his manhood is sexy and erotic in some kind of indefinable way. It just turns you on, gets you going and makes you salivate.

He's about to take my netbook from me. I'm sitting in bed in my panties and nothing else; I was about to take a shower and decided to journal instead, so now we're both raring to go.

I'll have to finish this later.

* * *

It's the middle of the night now, several hours after the preceding entry.

I've gotten addicted to writing these sex scenes, I think. I've read erotica books since I was in high school, my one lifelong dirty little secret. I could never quite make myself give them up, even though I always had a little twinge of guilt about them. But for some reason, whenever I tried to read a "normal" book, I found myself waiting and waiting for the sex, and it never came, and I was just frustrated and bored. So I'd go back to the erotica books.

This journal is a private thing. I'll never publish it, never let anyone read it. This is just for me. I look back at what I've written and I realize...some of it is actually pretty good. I get turned on reading the sexy bits. And...the more I continue this journal, the more I get into reliving the steamy scenes between Luca and me. It's like getting to do it all over again, and it makes the next time Luca and I have sex, make love-whatever you want to call it-that much sweeter and more potent.

So there I was, lying in the wide, springy bed, wearing nothing but a purple thong, my netbook on my lap, and Luca came in, fresh from the gym. I tried to pretend like I didn't notice him, like the only thing I saw was my screen, but the man knew better. He saw through my silly subterfuge and crawled across the bed like a predator through the grass. He took my laptop from me, set it on the floor, and then started kissing me, toes first, then my shins, then my thighs. When he came to my silk-covered mound, he put his mouth to the fabric and blew hot air against my opening. The heat and moisture of his breath did something strange, sent thrills of pleasure through me, made me instantly wet. I'm sure there's some cute and dirty name for that, but I don't know what it is.

Then he slid my thong by its string down around my h*ps and past my feet, threw it across the room. He paused, looking up at me with a sensual curve to his lips, a knowing smile that told me he knew exactly how much I enjoyed what he was about to do with his mouth.

He parted my thighs, bent down and kissed up my legs until his lips were touching my thighs and his cheek was brushing my labia with his stubble. Then he turned his lips to my sex, his tongue to my crevice, lapping at the folds, just the tip at first. He wrapped his arms around my h*ps and tugged me lower on the bed. I stuffed a pillow under my h*ps and tangled my fingers in his hair as he delved into my p**sy with his tongue.

Oh, sweet mercy, anticipation makes it so much better. We'd gone this morning, a quick and dirty thing against the bathroom wall, satisfying its own way, hot and hard and lustful. This was so much different.

Slow and sweet and...I'm just not sure I have words for it all, but I'll try.

He didn't hurry. He lapped slowly at me, working me into a frenzy without ever moving his tongue any faster. Just slow circles at my clit, up and down, fingers curling in to stroke my G-spot in the same slow rhythm, another finger pressing the rosebud muscle of my anus, not entering but just slowly massaging, sending me into ecstasy-land.

I wondered briefly if he'd push the issue from earlier, regarding anal sex, but then forgot as he gradually increased his pace until I was thrashing beneath him, coming, coming, coming so hard. I dragged him up my body, pushed away his shorts and rolled him to his back.

I straddled him, still shuddering, lifted my quivering h*ps and drove him in, no hesitation, no slow entrance. I was wet, hot, trembling, ready. He slid in and we were off, moving together, me leaning back as far as I dared, until he was wincing. I wanted this to last, and I'd learned by now that if I leaned back it would keep him from coming until I relaxed the tension.

I didn't intend to let him come until he begged me. It wasn't about power, or wanting to control him. I just wanted to drag out the pure pleasure of having him inside me for as long as I could.

I moved as slowly as he had, rolling on him as if rocking on ocean waves, gentle swells. Luca put his hands on my thighs, thumbs near the crease where leg meets hip, fingers around the curve of my ass, not pushing or pulling, just resting, caressing. His head tipped back, his spine arched, his body lifted mine up, my shins taking my weight as I lifted and plunged, faster now, faster, deeper in and farther out.

"Luca, god, Luca." The words were pulled from me as if by a string connected to his soul.

"You are so beautiful, Delilah."

I melted. I wanted to collapse forward, but his breathing was harsh and panting, his body bucking, straining for release, and I was caught up in the drawing out of the pleasure, each thrash of his body driving him deeper inside me, my muscles trembling and tense and ready for the explosion, the implosion...

My hands braced on his stomach, propping me up, I rolled my h*ps onto his, ignoring his ever more vocal groans of need. Lean back, move faster, chemicals rushing, desire pounding, flesh burning and tangling with his, eyes closed now and all I knew was sensation.

"Delilah...dio, I am going to die if you do not let me come. I am going to burst, please..." Luca's voice was rough and raw and desperate.

I slid my hands up to his chest, keeping my h*ps tilted backward, my spine arched inward. Our eyes met, his burning and blazing with need, his fingers fiercely gripping my hips, pulling me forward. His c*ck thrust hard, his body bucking, each breath in and out a ragged groan.

I couldn't draw it out any longer. I'd already come, a gradual rising flood of cli**x. Now, with Luca so close, beyond the edge but held back from true release, I knew instinctively I'd come again, harder than ever, the moment I relaxed the tilt of my hips.

Luca growled, cursed in Italian, and then flipped me onto my back in a single motion. He was above me, suddenly, huge and hard and powerful and rocking into me. Oh, lord. He came with a rumble of relief deep in his chest. I wrapped my legs around his h*ps and pulled him into me, clutched his shoulder and the back of his head with shaking hands, feel orgasm wash over us, drive us together, push us past anything like mere physical release.

Luca's weight bore down on me, only his c*ck moving inside me, his breath hot in my ear, his hands tangled in my hair, his toes scrabbling at the blanket. I was coiled around him with serpentine strength, clinging to him, whimpering and whispering his name.

Something deep in my chest, incorporeal but integral to my identity, burst apart and flew out of me, into Luca, merged with him. I felt a joining then between us. The Bible verse "and they shall become one flesh" pulsed through my mind. I broke into sobs. I didn't know what was happening, what it meant, but I knew it was something I could never undo.

Luca was inside me, suddenly, emotionally and mentally, now. Not just physically, sexually, but the person of him was tangled with me. I knew, in that moment, I could never experience anything like this with anyone else. I was completely overwhelmed by physical sensation and emotional response, my body wracked with spasms.

Luca moved above me and in me, eyes locked with mine. His thumb wiped away the tears from my eyes, but he didn't ask why they were there. The glimmer of emotion in his eyes told me he knew exactly why.

It was too much.

When it was over and we were lying nestled together, I knew I would face a decision. There were no words between us, just a tacit knowledge of what we'd shared.

Eventually Luca's breathing evened out, leaving me awake, frightened, and confused.

That had gone far beyond mere sex. It threw every other moment we'd spent together into new perspective. It had never been "just sex" between us. Luca had been showing me what I'd been missing. He'd worshipped my body, given me something that went far beyond mere physical pleasure. He'd given me comfort with who I am, confidence in my own sexuality. It was a priceless gift.

So why was I about to run from again?

Sleep claimed me, briefly, fitfully.

I woke up again, about four in the morning, and started writing this entry.

The war is raging in my heart and head.

Run. Run. Run.

Love. Love. Love. It's there, Dee. This voice sounds oddly like Leah's, calm and practical. Don't fight the love. Go with it. It's there, Dee, and you'd be a fool to run from it.

He's so gorgeous. Look at him: longish black hair falling across his eyes, face so peaceful in repose, muscles bulky and powerful even at rest, the soft rise and fall of his chest like waves breaking on shore.

If I woke him and told him the war going on inside me, he'd find a way to soothe me, reassure me. I should wake him up. But I can't. He's so beautiful in his sleep, the thought of waking him up seems cruel.

But if he wakes up and finds me gone, he'll be heartbroken again.

Lord help me.

JUNE 17

I'm in a train station in Geneva. It's noon. My heart is broken, for I know I've made the wrong decision. I ran. I packed my bag and left in the gray haze of dawn. I left a note this time.

Luca,

Please don't be angry. I'm sorry. I need space. I need time to think. I don't know what I want. Please don't think I left because of anything you did, or didn't do. You're wonderful and amazing. The problem is me. I'm still messed up, I guess, and things with you are just too incredible, too soon. I know that sounds stupid, but it's just overwhelming. I don't know where I'm going. I don't know what I'm doing. All I know is I'm sorry. I don't want to hurt you, and I hate the thought of how you'll feel reading this. I'll probably head north, into Europe. God, I'm rambling.

You're too good for me right now. I need time to be alone. I hope I'll be able to find you when I'm ready for things. If not, know that you gave me exactly what I needed.

Thank you. I'm sorry.

Delilah

Before I left, I snooped in Luca's cell phone and found his number, copied it down so I could call him...someday.

The morning was cold and dim as I dragged my suitcase through the empty streets of Firenze...Florence. Firenze. Saying it in Italian was too hard. Florence. I heard Luca's voice, laughing and correcting my pronunciation.

I found the train station and got a ticket for Geneva, Switzerland. The train ride was long, slow, and beautiful. I missed Luca more with every mile that passed. Or, since I'm in Europe, every kilometer. I felt a part of my heart ripping out more and more as the train left Italy and moved north. I imagined Luca waking up, arm patting the empty bed beside him, thinking maybe I was just in the bathroom, or getting coffee, then finding the note. I imagined him crumpling the note, eyes glittering.

Would he come after me? Would he ask the train station attendant if he'd seen an American girl with red hair.

Did I want him to come after me?

Yes.

Could I turn around and go back? No. It would mean facing him, explaining even more. It was easier to make the break now. Break it off before I got hurt.

Well, shit. There's the truth. I'm afraid. I'm still hurting from Harry's betrayal, and I don't believe Luca won't hurt me, too.

JUNE 18

Switzerland was incredible. Too perfect. Like Luca.

I left Switzerland behind today. I'm on another train, this one taking me to Belgium. Saw some Belgian sights, drank some Belgian beer. Took a bus to Prague. Lovely, ancient, incredible. In other circumstances I think I would have loved Prague.

Not like this.

What have I done?

JUNE 20

Yesterday was the second worst day of my life. The worst one is pretty obvious, at this point. It's past noon, and I just woke up. I'm hung over. My head aches. My soul aches. My heart aches. I nearly made the worst mistake of my life.

Well, no. The worst mistake was leaving Luca, and that's one I can't undo, and I'm too much of a coward to go back and fix it. I can't face the heartbreak and anger in his eyes a second time.

Cowardly me.

Yesterday I went to a club in Paris. I got sexy, put on too much makeup, wore too little clothing. Got drunk. Really, really drunk.

Met a guy named Francois. Lovely man. Shoulder-length blond hair, thin and wiry and not quite effeminate. An artist. Pale blue eyes, narrow shoulders, and manicured hands. Sharp features, a quick smile that didn't quite meet his eyes.

He plied me with white wine, sweet-talked me out of the club, into a cab, and back to his cramped, expensive loft apartment on Champs-Elysees. I know enough to know the little loft, which would have fit into my closet back in Illinois, was worth six of that house. I hated his loft. It was clean, neat, organized, expensive sound equipment and an enormous flat-screen TV and a deep leather couch taking up the entire loft. I wasn't sure where he slept. He sat me on the couch, handed me glass of something green and potent.

Absinthe, he called it. I went from drunk to something else. The world spun and flickered and wavered and flashed in strange washes of color. I felt Francois's hands on me, stripping my shirt off. I didn't like it. I couldn't get words out to tell him to stop, and I did kind of like it. I'd gone several days without sex, when I'd been making love to Luca several times a day for several days. I was hungry, ready. But it wasn't right. Francois was rough, clumsy. His nails scraped my sides as he ripped my shirt off. His fingers pinched my n**ples through my bra, too hard.

No. The word wouldn't come out, and I couldn't figure out why.

The universe was shrinking down around me, narrowed to Francois and his pale, weak blue eyes, his strangely cruel fingers and his thin, piano-wire body pressed against mine. The walls should have been white, but they seemed at once blue and green and yellow, wavering in kaleidoscopic swirls.

Was there a drug in the strange green liquor he'd given me? I think there was. I thought it then, and even now, writing this in bed, waiting for room service to bring me coffee, I shiver and feel disgust writhing in my belly at the memory.

The thing that drove me into action was Francois digging between my clamped-closed thighs, manicured nails cutting the soft flesh as he sought my dry sex. He found it, pushed aside the negligible fabric of my panties, thrust a single finger into my vag**a and tried to move it. I moaned in protest. He mistook it for pleasure, moved his finger harder, hurting me.

"NO!" The word burst from me, ripped free by the pain and the sense of violation.

I pushed him away, scrambled off the couch.

"Please, Delilah, wait. You are so beautiful. I want you, don't go, mademoiselle," Francois begged.

I slapped him, hard enough to spin him around and knock him to the ground. I found my shirt on the floor, hooked the straps of my high-heeled sandals in one finger and wove unsteadily out of his loft. I missed a step, fell down three stairs to the landing, hurting my backside and my tailbone. I refused to cry. The world spun, shook, distorted in awful crazed crayon-colors.

Nauseous. Disgusted. Afraid. Angry.

I found the street, hailed a cab. The driver was old, silver-haired and wrinkled and kindly-looking. He turned his face to the side, not quite looking at me, not asking where I wanted to go. I fumbled the card of my hotel from my purse, showed it to him.

He nodded. "Oui. Immediatement." His voice was gravelly, smoky.

I stumbled into my room, collapsed on the bed after latching the bar-lock on the door. I took a dozen deep breaths, shuddered, and then shattered into sobs. I fell asleep, the world still wobbling on its axis, colors wrong. Shame burned in my throat with the bile.

When I woke up, I knew I couldn't go on like this.

I've made a mistake, and I have to face it, fix it somehow. No more cowardly running across Europe.

The food is here. The young man pushing the cart reminds me of Luca in a way. Younger, but longish dark across his brow, thick shoulders, strong hands. I'm not wearing much, I'm suddenly realizing. I stripped off my clothes before passing out, and now all that covers me is the bed sheet. The young man is struggling gamely to not stare at me. I smile at him over the screen of my netbook.

He's not Luca. I break the eye contact and stare at my screen so he knows I'm not interested in anything else but the food. He thanks me in French, his dark gaze flickering to my br**sts again and then away.

Finally he's gone.

The coffee and food smell great, but all I can think of is Francois and his hard fingers inside me.

I want Luca here.

* * *

I called Luca. He answered on the second ring, relief in his voice.

"Luca?" My voice was quiet, hesitant. "I...I'm sorry."

"No, Delilah. It is okay. I understand. Where are you?"

"Paris." I wanted to tell him what happened, but I can't. "I...can you come?"

"Stay where you are. I will be there as soon as I can. What is the name of your hotel?"

I told him. He didn't say anything else, just told me to stay in my room and wait.

Hours passed. I watched French TV, not understanding a word. I had a New York Times sent up and try to read it, but I found myself reading the same paragraph a dozen times without comprehending anything. Finally, I pulled out my netbook again and wrote, reread what I've written, going back the first page, composed in a cafe in Rome. Roma.

