"Well, you didn't tell me I needed a passport." I growled the words as I settled into a plush leather seat on Rock Weldon's private jet.

"Yes, my mistake. I had my mind on other things, but all's well now." He gave me a tight smile, his handsome face grim.

He'd had his driver, Mr. Forrester, ferry us back to my place at top speed to retrieve the passport.

"Good thing I had one, or I wouldn't be going with you." I glared at him from my seat near the other window across the aisle. I'd chosen it on purpose because I was pissed. He'd had a minor fit when he'd realized I didn't have the document.

"Yes, I guess it is. Even I make mistakes...but not often." He stared out the window and pushed a button on the armrest of the seat. Rock barked a command to his pilot. "What the hell is going on? Let's get out of here. I have things to do."

"Yes sir. We'll be taking off in five minutes. I'm sorry for the delay, Mr. Weldon."

"Good. Make it so."

I'd already gotten used to Rock Weldon's dictatorial tone-almost. But how would a billionaire who ran a successful company not be used to getting his way all the time?

I glanced out my own window, a small bit of dread growing in the pit of my stomach. Was this how I wanted to spend the next 365 days? With a man I didn't know-a hot, wealthy man, sure-but a total stranger?

As if he'd read my mind, Rock spoke. "Lacey, I need you over here next to me."

My breath whooshed out. I thought of what he'd done to me in the limo on the ride over. "For what?" I arched a brow.

"To sign your contract so I can pay you soon." He grinned, and the effect was predatory.

I shivered, my mind on other things I thought he might have wanted to do. "Right."

I sidled over to him just as the plane started to roll slowly. He handed me a paper contract he'd pulled from his briefcase at his side. I read over it. Everything appeared to be in order. I signed it quickly, noting the date a year from today when our agreement would be over.

"Mr. Weldon, is there anything I can get you? We'll be taking off in one minute." The plane was already picking up speed. It was a smooth taxi, like none I'd ever experienced. The gleaming surfaces of the jet promised that much. The voice that had come out of the speaker bothered me. It was too smooth, too attractive and way too female.

"No, Nadia. We're fine. Check back after we're in the air."

I frowned. He hadn't even asked me if I wanted anything or not. That wasn't surprising. The jet raced along until lift off. I bit my lip.

"Who was that?"

"Nadia Nargent."

"Okay." I dragged the word out in a sarcastic tone.

"She's an ex-girlfriend of mine. Now she's a stewardess on an as needed basis for me." He stared at me, unblinking.

"Oh. Your ex?"

"Yes, one of them." He looked down at his cell phone.

A frisson of jealousy ran through me.

One of them. I'm sure there have been many.

I longed to ask so many more questions. The way Nadia's voice had sounded...like a purr, made me feel crazy with jealousy, even though I hardly knew the man next to me. I remembered the feel of his c**k in my mouth and his lips against mine, though.

I squirmed in my seat, aroused.

"Eleven hours until landing in Venice."

"Wow."

"It's quite a trip. Have you ever been?"

I laughed. As if. I'd been unemployed for the last three months until I'd met him the night before at a party. "No."

"It's lovely and romantic." He threatened to suck me into his green eyes.

"I'm sure it is." I struggled for breath.

He gazed back down at his phone. "I'm sorry. I have work to do. Calls to make, and I need some privacy."

I started. "Really?"

"Yes. I just hired you."

"What about trust?" I threw the question he'd asked me upon our first meeting back at him.

"It's developing."

"Fine. Then let me in on your conversations. I doubt they'll be very interesting anyway." I smirked and leaned a bit closer to him.

"You'd be surprised." The smile was gone from his face now.

There was something he wasn't tell me. Then again, perhaps the life of a billionaire CEO was like this-tense and stressful. Duh.

"I'm ready for anything," I whispered, locking gazes with him.

"Show me."

I glanced down at his lap. He was hard.

"I need you. I need some relief. Screw the work for now." He spit the words out, and wetness pooled between my legs. It was like he had me trained to take his commands, and I'd only just met him. And he'd come once earlier. He obviously had a high libido.

I lowered my gaze, waiting for his lead. I didn't mind letting him take control. In fact, I was learning to enjoy it.

"Stand up and walk across the aisle. Lean over on the armrest there, ass toward me. Take the shorts off. Leave the panties on." His voice was laced with steel.

I shivered as I did as he'd said to do. I let my shorts fall to the floor and bent over, sticking my ass out. I squeezed my eyes shut, praying no one was watching us. Somehow I trusted him that they weren't. I waited for a minute, feeling vulnerable until I heard a whisper of clothing.

"When we get to Venice, we'll have some real fun," he whispered, suddenly behind me, hands warm on my hips. He squeezed them so hard I winced. Then he tugged my underwear down. His breath came in sharp gasps.

My ni**les hardened in response to his aggressiveness.

"Take your shirt off now."

I pulled it off. He couldn't touch me fast enough for my liking.

"Mr. Weldon?" A female voice purred over the loud speaker.

"What?" he barked, his hand between my thighs.

"Would you like some refreshments now?" There was a catty note in the stewardess's voice.

She knows what's going on.

The thought gave me pleasure, and I closed my eyes as his fingers moved to my bottom. He spread me out.

"No. Don't bother us again. I'll let you know if I want anything." Rock barked the words out, and I shivered.

"Well, you told her to check back," I whispered, my breath catching as I felt something warm and oily slide down my crack. At the same moment, the plane rose into the air.

Is he really going to do that first? We haven't even slept together.

"It's not a good time, though, is it? I'm busy. Really busy." He grabbed my hair in his fist and pulled me back against him, his c**k pressed against my ass.

I moaned as his hand came around to my clit. He massaged me until I thought I'd fall down, my legs trembled so.

"Isn't there a bed on this thing?" I murmured as his hand cupped my chin from behind. I knew my pulse was racing under his fingers.

"Yes, but I can't wait for that now. Plus, I want you where I want you, and that happens to be right here. Do you have a problem with that?" He taunted me with the question.

I closed my eyes, overcome with the desire and need in his voice. "No."

The need? What could a billionaire need that I could give him?

I didn't have time to wonder long. He bent me over deeper, and my ass pointed into the air. My cheeks grew warm at both ends.

This is insane. I've never done anything like this...barely done this at all and certainly not in the air on a private jet.

"I'm going to get you ready." His voice was a deep rasp that sent shivers up my spine.

He gripped my left hip and ran his finger along my crevice. My skin goose pimpled all over at his intimate touch.

I must be mad, totally mad. He's just going to do whatever he wants to me and then dump me, probably in Venice.

I sucked in a breath, distressed at the thought.

"Just relax, Lacey," Rock growled, mistaking my tensing up for fear of what he was going to do.

I closed my eyes and tried to do just that. A finger slid inside me, and he stretched me. I moaned with the pain of it at first. He responded by inserting another well oiled digit ever so slowly into me.

A billionaire has his fingers in my ass.

I wanted to laugh, but I couldn't. The moment was too raw, too real. No man had ever handled me like this. There had been a quickie of sorts like this in the dark under the covers. And it had been more pain than pleasure.

He plunged several fingers inside me and pulled me closer against him. Rock nipped at my ear, sending darts of desire through me.

I am so wet.

Rock slid his fingers out of me slowly.

The crinkling of a wrapper signaled that he was getting ready to use more than his fingers. My pulse quickened as he kissed the side of my neck.

"We're going to have a fabulous trip, Lacey." He spoke, and I felt the hard press of his c**k against my entrance.

"I hope so."

"I promise you." He moaned and stretched me as he pushed inside me slowly.

I took deep breaths as he stopped to plant a string of kisses down my neck, his tongue sucking and swirling. I groaned at the sensation of him half inside me and his mouth on my skin.

"Please," I whispered, suddenly wanting him inside me all the way.

"In my own time." He popped my ass with his hand-hard-and I cried out. Rock gripped my hips, his fingernails digging in to my flesh in an exquisite torture.

I let out a ragged breath.

"And my time is now." He spoke in a harsh whisper, driving himself all the way into me and pausing there for a moment. Rock cupped my right breast in his hand, kneeding it as a shudder ran through me. "How's that?" He whispered, his other hand sliding down to my clit, so slowly I thought I'd die before it made the journey.

"Good."

"Just good? Really?" His voice held a smirk.

He knows he's got me where he wants me.

His fingers massaged my clit, electrifying my nerves endings. I took a shaky breath, and he pushed his digits inside my pu**y.

I leaned back against him, already on the edge of orgasm as he teased my nubbin with one finger and drove in and out of me with the others. The feeling of his c**k in my ass made me want him even more.

"I said bend over. Grab your ankles." He smacked my ass again, and I hurried to comply. He pulled his c**k out of me, and I felt strangely empty.

Gasping, I let the seat go, my palms slick. I grabbed my ankles, fire burning down the back of my legs at the quick contortion.

"Hold on to them, sweetie. Oh, that looks so nice. You're so sexy, Lacey. I could do this all day...and night."

Rock cradled my upper thighs in his hands now. My cl*t was still on fire, wanting his touch.

Instead, he slid pushed inside me again, so slowly that I whimpered with needing him. He filled me completely. I moaned, the angle taking him deep inside of me.

"That's what I want right there. You're so tight and sweet, Lacey. I want to burrow inside you...to just..." he trailed off.

Is his voice shaking?

I hazarded an awkward glance at him, craning my neck to see him behind me. He pummeled into me again, finding a rhythm now. My muscles were tensed, taking what he gave. His c**k hit all the right places-ones I'd never known existed in my ass.

I must have imagined the emotion in his voice.

"I'm going to come. I need this, Lacey. I need you."

I couldn't deny the near desperation in his voice.

"I'm yours." And with those words, I felt I'd sealed something...something bigger than I'd ever dealt with before.

A deal with the billionaire, and it's not just about the sex, a little voice said in my head.

I whimpered as he ran his fingers along my thighs, pounding into me now with no mercy.

Me? He needs me with the sexy stewardess on board? I was sure he'd bent her over and made her touch her ankles a time or two on the jet. I swallowed at the thought, jealousy rising inside of me, even as my cl*t tingled at the sounds he made.

Rock bellowed, jerking me against him in a vise as he spasmed into my body. His breath came in harsh gasps.

I wasn't sure I'd ever been closer to anyone, and I hardly knew him.

The thought filled me with a loneliness like I'd never known and a longing I couldn't understand.

It's just good sex, just a job, even if it's a crazy one. Best not to see it as more.

He slid out of me and pulled me up straight. His hands were on my tits, and he massaged them, eliciting a low groan from me. I still was far from satisfied, but he'd never promised I would be. I leaned back against him as his teeth grazed my neck. He sucked at the flesh there until I wanted to beg for more, sure he was making a mark. He caused me pain in the motion, even as my pu**y throbbed for him to be inside me.

"Turn around." He eased me around to face him.

He bit his lip, and I wanted to devour him. The stubble on his cheeks drove me wild with needing to touch him. I did, running my fingers along his jawline and then down to his chest, the shirt still on, half open.

Knowing he hadn't taken it off made me even hotter.

He gave me a hard look and then knelt in front of me on both knees.

I couldn't believe it. Heat rose in my cheeks, and my belly tightened with desire. He slid his hands along my inner thighs, teasing at first.

"Please, Rock." I forced the words out, not sure I could stand it much longer. I ached for a release now.

"Please what?" He whispered the words, his lips inches from my pu**y. His hot breath sent shivers through my core.

"Let me come." I gazed down at him, his dark eyes making me swoon.

"Oh, I will. Don't you worry about that." He glanced up at me and gave me an evil grin.

I wondered why he hadn't just had good old fashioned sex with me yet-like most men would have first. He'd come on my face and had just done something I'd only done once before-anal-but not that. But then Rock wasn't like most men. He wanted all of me, bit by bit...at least from what I could tell.

His tongue against my cl*t took all my questions away. I gripped his shoulders, groaning as his teeth grazed my nubbin, sending bolts of fire through me. My pu**y clenched. Rock slowly teased me, his tongue swirling past the sensitive point over and over, fast and then so slowly I thought I'd die. When he slid a finger inside me, I gasped.

"Please. I'm aching." I ground the words out. I'd never begged a man like this before...not for anything.

"I know you are. I never leave a woman unfulfilled, though." He spoke against my pu**y, his lips sending vibrations through me.

The world swam before my eyes, and my legs threatened to buckle as he slid another finger inside me, starting a rhythm with mouth and hand.

"Don't come yet. Don't even think about it."

I growled in my throat, my pu**y already contracting with an early wave of orgasm.

"I-"

"I said not yet." His tone brooked no argument.

And I'm being paid not to come until he commands it. The thought almost sent me over the brink again. Who was this man who could hire a woman to fulfill his every sexual whim?

I cried out when he removed his tongue from my cl*t and stilled his fingers in my pu**y. "I can't hold back much longer." Sweat trickled down my chest.

"I need to see you like this-begging and wanting me. It's a release for me, a control." Rock swirled a finger over my cl*t again, and I trembled even as anger sizzled inside of me.

"A release? That's all I am to you." I groaned as he sucked at my clit, anger warring with desire. My legs shook, and he held me up, one arm around my h*ps and ass, the other on my thigh.

"Not even close. You're much more than that." His breath against my pu**y almost did me in.

"Please let me come. I'll do anything you want." I heard the wheedling tone in my voice, and it shamed me.

"Really? Will you save me from myself and from those who would destroy me, Lacey? Will you trust me?" He murmured the words, his lips still close to my clit.

"Yes."

But how can I save him from whatever demons are plaguing him?

I would have promised him anything in that moment to feel his tongue on me, to come to the rhythm of his expert fingers inside me.

As I spoke the word, his tongue lapped over my nubbin in a long lick.

"My god. Oh god."

He laughed and then drove into my pu**y with his fingers, stretching and punishing me, not stopping the fast rhythm this time.

"Come for me, Lacey. Show me how much you need what I do to you." He commanded me with the words, and I pulled his head closer to me, my hands buried in his silky hair. His tongue and fingers worked with precision as I let the contractions in my core take me over.

"Oh my god. Oh, Rock." I screamed as orgasm stole over me, so powerful it almost hurt. I rode the waves, my pu**y only belonging to Rock Weldon's mastery of it. When the rush subsided, I didn't bother trying to stay standing. I crumpled.

"Come on. Let's go to bed."

I wanted to laugh. We'd spent all this time here when we could have been in bed. But I knew he liked it that way, wanted to see me do anything, anywhere for him.

He strode ahead of me, and I struggled to make my way along the seats to the back part of the plane.

He opened a curtain, and a plush bed lay before us. He undressed, staring at me. My pu**y throbbed at the sight of him. I wanted him inside me.

"Sleep. We'll touch down around the time you wake up."

"In Vienna?"

He nodded, the tense expression I'd noted on his face back again. "Yes. Thank you, Lacey. What you give me means more to me than you'll ever know. I've been looking for a woman like you...for a long time." Rock took me into his arms, planting a hard kiss on my lips. His c**k pressed against my stomach, demanding again.

Thank you?

"Nadia didn't do it for you?" Bitterness had risen inside me at my situation when he'd thanked me. I felt like little more than the whore to a rich man, a jobless loser really.

"Don't ever say that again." He grabbed my arm. "Nadia means nothing to me. She never did. She was someone to be with when I was lonely, but she's not my kind. You are. You see me." He let my arm go, the blaze of anger subsiding from his gaze.

"You're welcome, I guess." I swallowed a knot in my throat. I didn't want thank yous. I wanted this man in spite of how crazy that was.

It's just a job. A year and it's over.

"Rest now. We have a big day coming up when we land." His mouth set in a grim line.

Trepidation filled my heart as I tried to get comfortable beside him.

He kissed my forehead and got out of bed.

"Aren't you coming, too?" I closed my mouth, realizing it was hanging open.

He'd turned his back and was rummaging in a small dresser.

"Not yet. I have to talk to Nadia first about some arrangements when we land."

"Oh. Well, at least wear some pants." I didn't hide the irritation in my voice as I fixed the silky sheet around me and watched him.

"I was planning to." Rock pulled a pair of silken pajama pants on, and I gulped, wanting to run my fingers over him. His c**k was still hard, and the thought of Nadia seeing him, shirtless and in those pants made me so unsettled I couldn't think for a minute.

But why? He can do what he wants. I'm just an employee. If he wants to have anal sex with me and make me come at his leisure and then bang the stewardess, what can I do about it other than have some self respect and quit?

But I wouldn't do that. The money and prestige of this job were the best thing that had ever happened to me. And I didn't think he would bang Nadia with me on board.

But what did I know about Rock Weldon? He had all the power, and I'd given it to him time and again.

He quirked an eyebrow in my direction. "Don't worry. It's over between her and me."

"Right." I turned away from him, and the rustling of the curtain indicated he was gone. It was some time before my mind quieted down and I slept.

* * * *

"Touch down in two hours." Rock gently woke me, his hand on my shoulder. His body lay warm against mine, his erection pressed hard against my ass.

He'd crept into bed at some point and had let me sleep.

"Great." Nervousness swept through me.

What would touch down even mean? What would Venice with Rock Weldon be like?

"Are you okay, Lacey? Talk to me." His voice was infused with a tenderness that nearly took my breath away.

"I'm fine. Just a little nervous. I've never been to Venice." I mumbled into my pillow, tears pooling in my eyes. My life might not have been much back in California, but I'd had a few friends and a routine. The unknown was frightening, even if it would happen with a sexy billionaire CEO.

He took me into his arms, his body solid and reassuring against mine. "If it helps any, I'm afraid, too."

My brow furrowed, and I was glad he couldn't see my face. "You. Afraid? Of what?"

"Someone's out to ruin my company, and I don't know who it is. I've come to Venice to do some research and get away. I'm going to need your help, Lacey." He spoke the words against my hair, his voice tense.

I breathed in the musky scent of him. "Of course."

I'd have done anything for him in that moment, but I hoped he didn't know that.

"We'll get the books out at the villa, and you can see what I mean." Rock sighed.

"Fine. I'll be ready to go to work as soon as we get there." I was glad I'd slept.

"Hmm. You can do that, but we have something big coming up tomorrow night." He cleared his throat.

My heart sped up at the way he said the words. "Big? Bigger than Venice?"

Rock chuckled, his lips against my neck. "Much."

"Mr. Weldon, we're set to land in thirty minutes." A smooth voice said over the loudspeaker.

Rock pressed a button on the wall that Lacey hadn't noticed till that moment. "Wonderful. Thanks, Jim."

Nervousness fluttered in her stomach like a million butterflies. "This is really happening." She turned to face him.

He gave her a long stare, his lips pursed as if sizing her up. "It is...and more. Don't worry about the books today or tomorrow. You have other, shall we say, duties I hope you'll take on. First, get dressed, and meet me in the cabin. Don't bother with your suitcase. You have a suitable wardrobe-for now-in that closet." Rock tipped his head toward a small door.

"Oh. Thanks."

He bought me clothes? I didn't know that was one of the perks of the job.

"Hurry. We're landing soon, and we need to talk before then." He got up and strode out of the room.

"Back to normal." She sighed, wanting the tenderness he'd shown her a few minutes before. Now he was going to be all business it seemed.

Lacey pulled herself from between the silk sheets, yawning. She had slept better on Rock's bed in his private jet than she usually did in her own bed.

Maybe it's because I have a job now...and I don't have to worry about money, at least not for the next year. Beyond that, who knows?

Her stomach tightened at the thought and she shook her head. No more of that. Time to get dressed.

She opened the closet to a dazzling array of dresses and other clothing. A small kit at the top of the closet proved to be makeup in high end brands. On the floor, a flowered box held lingerie of all types. Lacey ran her fingers through the shimmering pile of red, pink, white, black, and every other color in the rainbow. Garters, panties, and more filled the container to the brim. Her heart skipped a beat as she thought about what Rock would do to her while she was wearing these things. She wondered if they were just for the plane.

"Damn. I could get used to this, but I'd better not." She fingered the dresses and then realized she'd been standing there for ten minutes as the speed of the plane slowed.

Lacey grabbed a black dress with a designer tag.

"Size 6. How did he know?" She grinned, marveling at Rock Weldon.

Now I have an inkling about he got to be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company. He knows what he's doing.

She stripped quickly, leaving her clothing on the bed, and slipped into the dress. The smooth material and nearly perfect fit made her purr. A small mirror on the makeup bag confirmed her suspicions that the plunging neckline was gorgeous on her. Choosing black garters, belt and matching stockings, she pulled them on, a tiny smile on her lips.

What I wouldn't have given to have underthings like this for most of my life so far.

Lacey took out some makeup and hurriedly brushed it on. Time to play with this little box more later.

She checked herself in the mirror. Natural makeup and a great dress. Check.

"Time to knock Mr. Weldon dead...again." She winked at herself in the glass and closed the makeup box.

"Brace yourself for landing, please," the pilot called over the loudspeaker.

Lacey hurried out of the bedroom, her pulse picking up at the thought of seeing Rock again.

What is he going to tell me? He said he wanted to talk.

She sucked in a breath, her nerves acting up again as she walked down the aisle to his private cabin. He sat facing in her direction, dressed to kill in a black suit and baby blue tie. Shadows circled his eyes, and his expresson was grim.

"You look stunning, Lacey. Please, sit down."

The formal note in his voice made her knees wobble as she did as he asked, perching on the seat across from him. He was all business now.

"Oh, and buckle up. Jim doesn't like it when passengers don't." He winked at her, but there was no mirth in the gesture.

She fastened her seatbelt, avoiding his gaze. Nadia sauntered through the cabin, her ass twitching. "Something to drink, Miss?" Her eyes were like glaciers.

God, she's gorgeous. How could he want me when he's slept with her? I'm so...average, and she could be a pinup model.

"Just water. Thanks."

Rock never even looked at Nadia as she walked away.

He's so moody. I never know what I'm going to get. Even after just a couple days in his company, that's obvious.

"Lacey, I have a request of you. I've done a lot of thinking since I met you at the party-about you and your talents and about what my company needs."

She held back laughter. A lot of thinking in a few days?

"Yes?" She bit her lip, trying to control her trembling.

The plane bumped gently on the tarmac as she spoke, and she gripped the seat.

"As always, Jim does a good job of handling this thing." He raked her body with his gaze, making her go hot. "I really like that dress." He loosened his tie, clearing this throat. "But I'll have to think about that later. I have a proposal for you, Lacey. You're already in my employ with a valid, signed contract."

"Right." The plane rolled along.

Something is definitely going on here, and I don't like it.

Nadia appeared again and put a glass of water in the cupholder next to her.

"Thank you." Lacey gave her a shaky smile.

Nadia raised an eyebrow and left, perfect ass and all.

"I'd like to amend the contract after much thought. If you say no, you will stay with me for the next year as my bookkeeper, or I'll make things very unpleasant for you." His voice had taken on a hard edge, but his eyes smoldered with lust.

"Oh really? Is that a threat?" She pushed the words out against her fear.

"Not really. Just the facts. I need you, Lacey." He growled her name, and she shivered.

"Oh." Once again, he'd left her speechless or nearly so.

"Tonight, we're going to become engaged. It's a faux engagement." His jaw set.

"What?" Her heart plummeted.

Engaged? And even worse, a false engagement?

"Yes. It's the only way. I have to flush out my enemy or enemies within the company." He leaned forward and touched her knee with a warm hand. "Lacey, someone is stealing from the company and making it look as if I'm dishonest. I can't have that. I've worked too hard for what I've built, and I care for my employees. This is life or death for me and for them." He licked his lips.

"I...I don't know what to say."

"Then say yes. I've already changed the contract. It's still for a year, but I've added an addendum that you and I will understand. Engagement with no plan or promise of marriage for a period not to exceed one year. You are entitled to none of my fortune under this agreement. This contract is top secret, Lacey. I'm keeping a copy in my safe and on my person only. I'd like you to agree to something similar...perhaps keeping your copy in your private email, not one that will be associated with the company." The words came out in a rush, and he bolted up, pacing the plane.

"Sir, the plane is ready for disembarkment now. Welcome to Venice." Jim's voice broke into the moment.

"So, what's your answer?" Rock stopped, his hand on the arm of her leather chair.

She laughed, a squeaky sound. "You expect me to answer right now. A fake engagement not to exceed a year?"

He nodded. "Yes. Here's the contract. Look it over." He drummed his fingers on her chair.

"Stop. I'm reading." Lacey skimmed the page, her head spinning. She had no reason to doubt the contract and found nothing wrong with it.

Other than being part of a huge deception involving a man with a lot of money...

"I'll do it. Keep the contract. I don't need a copy for now. Get one to me later." Her voice was all business now. Hurt welled up inside of her.

This is what he had planned for me all along. Rock just needed an unsuspecting woman with no other prospects to go for it. The sex is just an added bonus.

Then another thought hit her. What if this is dangerous?

"Alright. Sign here."

She did so, frowning.

"Lacey, please don't be angry. I didn't set out to deceive you about your job. You knew part of what was involved." His voice was a low, seductive caress as she stood, just inches from him.

"I don't trust you anymore, Rock. You could have been honest with me before you locked me in to a contract I can't get out of and then another one that will make me look like a fool in the end when you break off our highly public engagement." She didn't meet his gaze, tears in her eyes. "And...won't this be dangerous for me?"

He grabbed her then, pulling her into his arms.

She struggled for a moment and then went limp.

"Look at me, Lacey." Rock nudged her chin up with warm fingers.

She let out a low growl.

"I'm not going to let anything happen to you. I need you. I knew it the first moment I saw you. No other woman could pull this off, not like you can."

Before she could throw angry words at him, he captured her lips in his. The kiss brooked no argument. His tongue parted her lips, and she answered with her own against it as her body melted against his. He nipped at her lower lip and ran his fingers along her throat, massaging the hollow there where her pulse beat like a frightened bird's wings.

"Lacey, please. Don't be angry with me." He ended the kiss, his voice hoarse.

"I don't know if that's possible, but I'll do my job. At least I'm getting paid to be made a fool of." She glared at him and moved out of his embrace.

Lacey smirked at the stunned expression on his face. I guess most women don't ever stand up to him.

"Lacey. Stop."

She did, halfway down the aisle toward the exit, her breath hitching.

"We're heading to the villa downtown-one that I own here. Tonight is going to be crazy when the press gets wind of what's happening, and the engagement party tomorrow night will be even more so. Are you ready?" His arms slid around her waist from behind and heat crackled between them.

She closed her eyes as he slid his hands down her body, hitching up the back of her dress in a rough motion. He massaged her ass with expert hands inside her panties, and she moaned.

"Yes."

He halted the movement of his fingers that had drifted down so near her pu**y. "Then let's go. I'll have plenty of time to finish this tonight."

She groaned softly in frustration and fixed her dress.

"Follow me. It won't look right any other way." He pressed against her one last time, his c**k hard against her ass.

"Right." She struggled to breathe.

When they stepped off the plane, a watery scent assailed her nostrils. It was pleasant and yet dank-the scent of centuries gone by.

"Welcome to Venice, Lacey." Rock whispered the words in her ear as they descended the steps of the plane.

