"That wasn't so bad." I walked out of the airport with Rock into a steaming heat.

"Welcome to Venice in July."

"Wow. It's a lot hotter and muggier than California this time of year." I pushed my hair back from my forehead. A sleek limousine rolled up at that moment.

"Here's our ride. After you, Ms. Pate." Rock winked at me, sending heat to my toes as he guided me toward the limo, a hand at the small of my back. A porter had our bags and stowed them.

"Mr. Weldon. I trust your trip was pleasant." The heavily accented driver came around and opened the door for us.

"Spectacular. But I'm starving, Luigi. Could you take us to Gino's? Are you hungry?" he asked me.

"Famished. I hardly ate on the plane."

I'd been too occupied with...other things.

"And Luigi, this is Ms. Pate. She's my new bookkeeper."

Luigi nodded respectfully. "Pleased to meet you. Welcome to Venezia, miss."

"Thank you."

Luigi closed the door gently. A moment later, we pulled out into mild traffic.

"Wow. I had no idea what to expect. I thought there'd be more people."

Rock shrugged, leaning against the window, staring out. "More than usual since it's summer but Venice is nice and quiet. That's part of its charm."

I smiled at him. The look of worry had settled back over his features. "It's going to be okay, Rock."

He pursed his lips. "I don't know about that. And call me Mr. Weldon for tonight...until all hell breaks loose with the announcement of our," he paused for emphasis, "engagement."

Heat rose in my cheeks. "Of course."

The familiarity I'd enjoyed with him on the plane had evaporated upon our arrival. Is this really all he wants from me-a faux fiancee and someone to do the books?

I took a deep breath, resigning myself to the gorgeous view out the window. The afternoon sun blazed, and people walked the streets, haunting lovely shops. Perhaps I'd get a chance to see some of them myself while I was here.

Rock's hand on my thigh brought me back to myself. "At least there were no paparazzi at the airport. They're not so bad here, but they'll spot us soon enough." He grimaced. "I have a nice, private room at the restaurant, though, as usual."

"Oh." The thought took my breath away. Wine, pasta...and Rock were on the menu, maybe.

His hand slid up my dress farther, and heat pooled between my legs. "We're almost there. Pity."

He pressed a button. "Luigi, please drive around the block a couple times. Ms. Pate and I would like to take in the sights."

"Of course, sir."

My breath caught. Did this man ever get enough? I knew I didn't, not of him.

"We're passing the Piazza de San Marco. We'll see it tomorrow if you'd like."

I nodded, my pulse hammering as street lights reflected in his dark eyes. "I'd like that."

"There's no place like Venice. I love the history here and the way the city smells...and its romance." His voice was a seductive whisper now, and I broke into chill bumps.

The limo rolled to a stop a moment later. Luigi came around and let me out. Rock took my arm after he'd climbed out as well. "Here's Gino's. Best food in Venice, or close to it." The melancholy music of a violin floated down the street toward them, and for a moment, a pang of longing for home ripped through me.

I'm in a strange country with a sexy but enigmatic man, and tomorrow I'm to be engaged to him...falsely.

"Penny for your thoughts, Ms. Pate." Rock snugged my arm closer to him, and the feel of his body pressed against my own as we walked electrified me.

"Ah, Mr. Weldon!" The host bowed deeply.

"Yes, please show us to your private room if it's not occupied."

"No, it's not. Your driver called ahead and indicated that you might be dining here." The host smiled.

"Luigi never fails me." Rock grinned and steered me inside.

"I get the impression you usually get what you want," I whispered as we passed tables and murmurs rippled through them.

"Usually? Always." He brushed my hair with his lips, sending tremors through me.

"Here we are, sir. Your waiter will be with you shortly." He seated us in a room full of crystal and a few white-clothed tables. Mirrors were on every surface of wall and ceiling, which made for a dizzying effect.

Then he closed the double door behind us.

"Wow. This is really something. I'm surprised you're not regaling me with your mastery of Italian." I leaned on the table, closer to him.

"I'll tell you a secret." He winked, and I admired his glossy dark hair under the chandeliers.

"Yeah?"

"I suck at foreign languages. Always have." He shrugged.

I giggled. "It's good to know you have one area of weakness."

He pursed his lips. "Many, actually. I trust people too easily, and my past gives me trouble even now."

"Oh." I looked down at my place setting. I'd put my foot in my mouth.

"Don't feel bad about it. Growing up in an abusive home helped me develop a killer instinct." His eyes lit up.

"Yeah, but what else did it do?" I put a hand on his arm, and he flinched.

"Sorry."

"It's fine. I brought it up. I just don't like talking about it."

At that moment, a handsome, thin waiter appeared and relieved the tension. Rock remained a mystery to me-a sexy man who wanted me but who had more secrets than I'd be able to tease out in one dinner.

Rock ordered a red and white wine and more water. "Anything else you'd like to drink?" he asked me, studying me over the menu.

"A Diet Coke maybe."

He smiled, and the waiter nodded. He placed a basket of steaming bread and a bowl of olive oil before us.

"Enjoy. I'll be back to take your order."

"The bread is excellent here." Rock took a piece and dipped it in olive oil, looking into my eyes. Something about the action was erotic, and my body tingled.

"What do you recommend?" I studied the menu. It was in Italian and English, luckily.

"The trout scallopini and canolis. Definitely. Or anything else on the menu. Everything is excellent here."

"Sounds yummy." I smiled at him, realizing how much I was enjoying his company.

"Not as yummy as you." He dipped his finger in the olive oil.

What is he doing? Bad manners for a billionaire CEO.

He brought his finger to my lips, and I took it in, sucking. Warmth spread through me, and bread was the last thing on my mind.

"The things I could do with a little olive oil." Rock smirked at me as I squirmed in my seat. He let his finger slide from my mouth. "In a few minutes...after the waiter takes our order."

I nodded. No way he's planning to do me here where anyone could walk in and see us.

But the glint in his eye said otherwise.

When the waiter returned, I found myself distracted. All I could think about was Rock bending me over the table and having his way with me.

"Take your time with the food," Rock said to the waiter, his tone brooking no argument.

I knew the command would be heeded as all Rock's orders were.

"Hmm. You've done this before, I guess," I said in a shaky voice, chewing a piece of bread that seemed stuck in my throat.

"Never. I've never been with a woman who made me want to." Rock's gaze smoldered with desire.

"Oh." I put the bread down, all thoughts of eating gone.

"I want you against the wall." His tone had grown terse as he took my hand and gently pulled me up. My legs threatened to buckle as he stood beside me.

"But what if-?"

"Don't worry about anything. I could buy Gino's if I wanted to. Any damage will be minor."

I wasn't sure about that.

He pulled me into his arms, kissing me hard even as he backed me up toward the wall. His hands were all over me, tangled in my hair and then down the front of my dress as if he couldn't stand not to touch me.

I moaned with arousal, my whole body flushed with heat. I wanted him inside me, and I didn't care if anyone walked in. The control he had over me frightened me a bit, but I couldn't think coherently about it with his hand against my ass.

I hit the wall with a thud. His fingers behind my head ensured that only my back and butt made contact. I gasped.

"You okay?" He released me from the kiss, his voice ragged.

"Yeah. I think so."

"Good." He whipped his jacket off and left me there against the wall, gaping. He sauntered back to our table. "I love olive oil. It's so smooth and...healthy." He leered at me.

My God. What is he going to think of to do with olive oil?

But I had some ideas.

"Don't you?" Rock grabbed the bowl and scooted a chair near me. He set the dish down and unfastened his pants, letting them fall to the ground around his ankles.

"Yes," I squeaked.

He pursed his lips as if unsure whether to believe me. "Get on your knees."

I complied, having to hike my dress up a bit to do so. My pu**y tingled at the sight of his c**k outlined against his silky boxer briefs. I briefly felt self-conscious that I'd only managed to sponge off and freshen up in the lavatory on the plane. The scent of his cologne and of sex still clung to me.

As if he were reading my mind with that uncanny ability I'd seen in him before, Rock whispered, "I want you just like you are, and I'm not waiting till after we eat dinner."

I closed my eyes at the intensity in his voice.

"I want you to look at me when you take my c**k into your mouth." His words were harsh. "But not yet. I have other ideas first. Come closer, Lacey."

Arousal rushed through me.

There were a few feet between us, so I had to scoot toward him on my knees. His gaze caught mine, and heat prickled my body. I stopped less than twelve inches from him. His c**k was level with my face.

Slowly and deliberately, he reached for the dish with the oil in it. My heart thumped madly, and I wondered if I'd have a stroke. I'd never been so hot and in turmoil. What if someone walked in on us?

Rock slathered oil on his palms, a wicked grin on his face. "Perfect." He took his c**k in hand and began stroking it. He bit his lip, never breaking his stare into my eyes.

I moaned softly at the sight of his long fingers on his cock.

"Touch your pu**y, Lacey. Show me how wet you are."

I hurried to comply with him, tugging my dress up where he could see my tiny panties and garters. I slipped my fingers inside the lacy strip of fabric, finding my clit. I bit my lip, circling the nubbin.

"Finger yourself. You're so sexy, Lacey." Rock's speed had increased a bit as he slid his hand up and down his cock. The sound of his flesh and the oil together made me shiver.

My cl*t was already on fire as I moved fingers inside myself. I groaned at the sensation and at the desire I saw in Rock's eyes.

"I want you to make yourself come. Show me how much you like my cock." Rock raised one eyebrow, his pace never slacking. "I love to watch you. I need to watch you."

I heard that need in his voice, and my breath caught. I already stood on the precipice of orgasm. I'd never been watched and wanted by a man like Rock before and certainly not like this-in an upscale restaurant in Venice in a private room.

I swirled my fingers over my clit, faster now, and his hand on his c**k worked more quickly as well.

"That's right. Make that pretty pu**y feel good, Lacey," Rock crooned.

At the sound of his voice, I shouted my release. I fell forward and clung to Rock. His hands tangled in my hair, oil and all, and I couldn't have cared less. I reveled in the feel of him combing through the strands as I kissed his inner thigh.

"I need you, Lacey," he growled.

I clasped his c**k at the base and looked into his eyes, so dark and mysterious.

"I'm close. Finish me off. I want to come in your mouth." He touched my face, trailing his fingers down my cheek.

I nodded and gripped his c**k harder, eliciting a moan from him, which thrilled me. Swirling my tongue around the plum-shaped head, I smiled.

"Don't tease me. I can't wait. I'm going to burst. Watching you made me crazy." The words were terse.

"Right, boss," I whispered and took him into my mouth-all of him.

"Oh, yes. That's right." He sighed as I moved up and down on his hard shaft. The oily taste of him only turned me on now. I thought of how he'd looked stroking his cock. He gripped my hair hard as I sucked him hard.

"Dammit, Lacey. How do you do that?" He shouted his orgasm moments later. His hot cum pulsed into my mouth, and I swallowed it with pleasure.

He relaxed his grip on my hair, and I licked the last beads of moisture from the head of his cock, my lips lingering there on the salty spot.

Rock was still for a moment, and only the sound of his breath filled the room. "Ready to eat?" He helped me up, a big smile on his face.

"I am."

"Me too." He helped me straighten out my dress, and I watched him zip up and tuck his shirt in.

He turned me around to face the mirror. "We look great."

"If a little dirty." I giggled, feeling strangely comfortable with him even though we were from different worlds, surrounded by mirrors in a posh restaurant.

We settled back at the table, holding hands on top of it.

"I'm so glad you came with me." Rock winked at me.

"As if there was a doubt in your mind I would resist," I spoke, a bit of resentment making its way into my voice.

"You always have a choice, Lacey. We all do." Rock's gaze darkened. "Let's enjoy dinner. Work awaits tonight, but at least we had a...wonderful diversion."

Is that what I am to him-a diversion?

I nodded just as the waiter returned. How had he known exactly when to show up?

Warmth rose to my face at the thought, and I couldn't look at him.

The food was delicious, but my hunger had abated, and nervousness fluttered in my stomach at what would come after dinner.

Work. Am I up to the task?

I knew I was good at what I did-numbers and books-but I'd never worked for someone like Rock. And I'd never been doing kinky stuff with the boss.

I ate what I could as my eyelids grew heavy.

"Am I losing you?" Rock squeezed my arm gently, and I smiled at him.

"No, just jetlagged I guess."

"As you should be. Would you like dessert? They make an amazing canoli."

I shook my head, hiding a yawn behind my palm. "I don't think so. Maybe just a hot shower and work."

"Sounds like a good plan, Lacey."

When the waiter returned, he didn't bring a bill. "Put it on my tab, Dimitri."

"Certainly, sir. Have a wonderful time in Venice. I hope to see you again soon." The waiter bowed. "Would you like me to show you out?"

"Definitely. How do things look outside?" Rock's brow furrowed.

I had no idea what he was talking about.

"Pretty good, sir, but I'll do my best to clear the path to your limo." Dimitri grinned.

Rock helped me up from my chair and whispered to me as Dimitri went ahead of us out of the room. "I'm going to be calling you Ms. Pate regularly...at least till tomorrow night when the news of our engagement breaks."

My stomach dropped.

"Right."

"It's best to act as if our relationship is the standard professional one until then-at least when we're in the public eye."

"I understand."

Now I knew what the crowd was about. The paparazzi surely waited outside for us.

I swallowed hard.

"You'll be fine. Just stay close and don't answer any questions." Rock gave me a small nod.

"I will." I took a deep breath and walked out beside him.

The moment hit me as surreal. I was walking outside of a posh Italian restaurant with Rock Weldon, billionaire CEO. And I wasn't just working for him. He'd made me his lover and soon-to-be fiancee.

As soon as we hit the door, flashbulbs went off in a blinding burst of light.

"Mr. Weldon, please comment on the rumors about Regal Enterprises." Rock ignored them with a tight smile.

Just a few feet to go. The reporters were packed in close to us, even as Dimitri waved them away where he'd gone out ahead.

A hard grasp on my forearm made me gasp. "Ouch!"

Rock turned toward the perpetrator, an icy glare on his face.

"Miss! Miss, tell us your role with the company and Mr. Weldon." The tone of her voice was unmistakable, and a dart of hurt ran through me.

How many bookkeepers have there been before me? I must be a laughingstock right now.

I tried to shake the woman off, but her grip tightened.

"Let her go right now or I'll have you sued. You'll never work again." Rock had stopped, leaning toward the woman, a menacing look on his face.

The paparazzi murmured, snapping photos as fast as possible.

"No problem. Just trying to get a story." The hawk-nosed woman smiled.

"No, you're not. You're infringing on my bookkeeper's right to be unmolested by vultures." Rock touched my arm, and we continued to the limo.

He helped me into the car, and I let out a long sigh, more relieved to be out of the public view than I ever had been.

"I'm sorry about that."

"Where to, Mr. Weldon?" Luigi's accented voice came over a small speaker.

"To the villa. Take the back way. I don't want the paparazzi there if I can help it."

Rock leaned back and closed his eyes briefly. I studied the fine lines around his eyes. My heart squeezed.

He looks so tired.

"I think you'll like my place. I've had it a few years, and it has a fabulous view." Rock's words were soft, and I wondered about the other side of this man. The softer one that I'd seen a few times now.

"I'm sure I will." My voice was stiff in spite of the tenderness I felt toward him.

My wonderings about how many bookkeepers had come before me flooded my mind again.

"What's wrong, Lacey? You always get quiet when you're unhappy."

I let out a breath at his perceptive statement. "I was just wondering how many bookkeepers or assistants have come before me. That reporter-"

"Forget her." Rock's tone was sharp, like a knife to my heart.

"That still doesn't answer my question," I whispered, taking in the lights of Venice.

"The answer will only hurt you, no matter what it is. Right?"

"I don't know." Tears pooled in my eyes.

Dammit. Why can't I treat this like a job? Because it's more than that...at least to me. I'm falling for this man, a man I can never truly have.

"Well, the answer is that you're the first bookkeeper or assistant I've had this sort of relationship with. I haven't been in any relationship for over a year, and even then, I was never much of a womanizer." Rock ran his hand up my thigh, sending a shiver through me.

"I don't believe that."

The man has billions of dollars, and he's hot as hell.

"Doesn't matter if you do. It's true. I'm a very private person, Lacey. I don't let just anyone in to my world." Rock pulled me close, and I didn't resist.

I leaned against him, and he put his arm around me. The silence enveloped us, comforting and familiar.

Could he be telling the truth? Am I special in some way?

I rolled my eyes at my romanticizing.

I'm basically his whore/fiancee for hire.

A lump rose in my throat, and I clung to him harder, wishing for much more.

* * * *

Rock and I climbed out of the limo in an alley that smelled of leather and water. That smell was the scent of Venice, I was learning-darkness and romance mixing in an irresistible duo.

"Thanks, Luigi. I'll call you about tomorrow."

"I'll be ready, sir. Good night." Luigi tipped his hat and walked back around to the driver's side of the limo.

Rock's hand was at my back. "Let's get inside. You can get a shower. I have to get to work immediately."

"All right." A shower sounded amazing.

Before he could open the door, a butler appeared. "Mr. Weldon! Welcome back."

"Hello, Alphonse. Good to see you."

"Likewise, sir. Is there anything you need?" The distinguished older man's voice was soft and reassuring.

"We'll have a bottle of the 1895 red and one of the 1920 white in my room. Just leave it there." Rock smiled. "By the way, this is Ms. Pate, my bookkeeper."

"Pleased to meet you, signorina." The man bowed low.

"I'm happy to meet you, too, Alphonse." I liked him immediately.

"Please show Ms. Pate to the guest suite down the hall from mine." Alphonse nodded and grabbed my suitcase and Rock's.

"This way."

I gave one glance back toward Rock, but he was already pulling his cell phone out.

This might get pretty lonely.

But at least I'd have some time with my own thoughts...before I became engaged to Rock Weldon the next day.

My heels clacked on marble flooring. Gold, white and red dazzled my eyes. The foyer and everything about the place was immense and grand.

"This way, Ms. Pate." Alphonse led me up a sweeping staircase.

I gasped at impressionist paintings that I knew were originals. My skin prickled at the reality of my situation.

I hope I don't screw this up. It could make my life...after this year is over.

He stopped near the end of the second floor. I could see another flight of stairs above us. "Your room, Ms. Is there anything you need? My wife will be up to draw your bath in a few minutes."

"Thank you. There's nothing else. Good night." I smiled, awkward in telling a servant what to do.

"Very well. Have a pleasant evening." He bowed and left, leaving me to gape at the room I'd been ushered into.

Romantic seemed too soft a word for it. Gauzy white hung over the immense bed, a lovely, gossamer canopy. The windows were trimmed in similar material, and every surface was gleaming and feminine.

I let out a little "oh" at the vanity on one end of the huge bedroom. I sat before it, fingering the silver brush and mirror set and Dior and Chanel perfumes. My breath came in great gasps.

A knock sounded on the door, and I jumped up, feeling like a guilty intruder.

"Ms.? May I come in and unpack your things and run your bath?"

"Oh, yes. Please." I smoothed my dress, catching my disheveled reflection in the vanity mirror.

A heavyset, older woman bustled in. "You would like a bath or a shower?"

"A bath would be lovely."

She nodded. "I'll be just a minute."

I crossed the room to the huge window that looked out onto the city. The piazza lay beneath me.

"I can't believe this," I whispered.

My bliss was clouded only by the memory of Rock's nervousness and worry.

Just what will I be working on while I'm here?

* * * *

Moments later, my clothing was stowed in a huge walk-in closet and a chifferobe. A hot bath waited for me. The shower was huge in the marble tiled bathroom, white just as my room was. My reflection stared back at me from all angles, mirrors on the sides of the room.

The man does like his mirrors.

The tub was more like a huge sauna, and the jets were on low.

I sank into the heated bliss with a moan.

"My God, this is amazing." I ducked my head under water and came back up, feeling refreshed.

An array of shampoos, bath gels, and other things lay on a large, silver tray attached to the sauna.

"I have my pick. Beats the hell out of all things dollar store." I shook my head, marveling at my new life.

It's just for a year. Don't get too used to it.

The little voice in my head wouldn't shut up.

"Be quiet. I'm going to enjoy this moment." I washed my hair, groaning with pleasure.

The only thing that could make this moment better would be Rock Weldon walking in with nothing on but a smile.

My pulse quickened at the thought.

"Lacey."

I almost died when I heard his voice outside. There was no question when he spoke my name. He would come in and do what he wanted with me.

I couldn't speak as heat rushed to my pu**y and my ni**les tightened under the water.

"I found a minute to slip away from the phone calls and business." He walked in, na**d and wearing nothing but a small smile.

His c**k was already pressed against his stomach, hard. He held something pink and long in one hand. A vibrator.

My God. The libido on this man...

Not that I was complaining. I admired the dark hair on his chest that made a trail to his stiff prick.

"Mind if I climb in with you? I'm dirty." He winked at me, and goosebumps broke out on my flesh.

"Go ahead," I whispered. I couldn't have said no if I'd wanted to.

He climbed in, flexing powerful biceps. There wasn't an ounce of fat on the man if I'd wondered about that.

His arms around me made me sigh. His lips demanded all of me as he kissed me with an urgency that surprised me.

"Are you on the pill, Lacey?" He surprised me with the question.

"Yes, I have been for years...more for female reasons."

"Good. I don't want to use protection. Do you trust me?" He nipped at my ear, and I whimpered.

"That you're disease free? How would I know?"

"I am. As I said, I don't sleep around or have a variety of lovers. I'm sort of known for my reclusive nature with women, even though the public thinks something different. That's fine by me. Makes it easier to be who I really am and have my privacy." He slid his hands down my body. "Who cares what people think when you're running the show?"

His fingers worked at my ni**les, rubbing and teasing until I arched against him, feeling his c**k between my legs. He pulled me on his waist, on top of him as he sat back.

"Please," I said, aware of the pathetic tone of my voice.

"What?" He cocked his head before running a trail of kisses down my neck. His erection nudged at my pu**y. "I want you, Lacey, and you're going to wait for me to f**k you long and slow this time. I like the first time to be special."

I said nothing, unable to speak. My throat was thick with longing. He'd done me in the ass and all sorts of other things to me, but he'd held out on fully taking me until now.

Something slid against my clit, vibrating under the water. I groaned. He'd moved the toy against my nubbin.

His fingers slid inside me without preamble. It didn't matter. I was already wet for him, and my pu**y throbbed with each beat of my heart.

"Umm." I moaned, my hair falling forward into his face as he circled my cl*t slowly with the vibrator. His took some of the strands in his mouth, sucking them. The sight turned me on more than I could have imagined.

"I love the sounds you make, Lacey. I want you to come for me. Right now." He slid his fingers in and out of me. The vibrator buzzed as the pressure in my nubbin grew.

It only took a few seconds until I did as he'd commanded. "Oh! Oh please!" I screamed as my orgasm shot through me. I spasmed against his fingers and the toy.

"That made me even hornier, Lacey. I can't wait to have you riding my cock." He whispered the words, and I shivered as his lips met mine. "But first, you're going to come for me again." Rock kissed me, long and slowly, his tongue tangling with mine. His c**k against my cl*t and pu**y made me crazy, and I squirmed against him.

"Not yet. I need to hear you scream my name, Lacey. You're mine."

I shivered at his words.

For only a year?

The thought seemed too painful to bear at the moment, even as a part of me wondered if he saw me as another possession or thing to control.

"Really?"

"Yep. I have a contract and all to prove it." He winked, massaging my br**sts again.

"Well, it's a piece of paper, not ownership." My voice had an edge to it of lust and anger, even as he nudged my nubbin again with the vibrator, set on low. It sent tingles through me and left me wanting much more.

"Right." He gave me a sardonic grin, and I trembled in his arms, clinging to him as he circled the toy over my cl*t in a maddeningly slow rhythm. "I'm going to make you scream my name, Lacey."

I grunted, a bit angry and more turned on than I'd ever been in my life.

"And this is only the beginning. You see, my tastes are a bit...eccentric." He laughed as the toy massaged my cl*t with more intensity, sending spasms through my body. He held me on the edge for a moment longer. His fingers found my pu**y, and he teased me with one halfway in.

Rock crooked his finger, swirling the toy over my clit, and my world exploded, fragmenting into a thousand pieces. Everything went black as I shouted his name over and over like a mad woman and gripped him tight.

I struggled for breath, not bothering to act strong. He hugged me tightly and growled in my hair. "Sit on my cock, Lacey."

He lifted me up and drove into me as I came down on his lap. I sucked in a breath as pleasure sparked through me again. Rock thrust in and out of me, his mouth in a tight line. There was no playfulness about this f**king. The vibrator against my cl*t and his c**k inside me made me whimper.

"I can hardly stand it." I bit my lip, my eyes rolling back in my head with the pleasure of it.

"I'm going to make you come again. Don't worry." He chuckled under his breath and then groaned.

The vibrator circled my cl*t in a maddening rhythm as his dick pounded in and out of me.

He tensed, and as I read his body language, my own orgasm swept over me, leaving me trembling, tears on my cheeks.

"Oh, baby. I'm going to come inside that pu**y," Rock said, thrusting into me hard. I bore down on his cock, and he moaned.

"Come inside my pu**y, Rock." I crooned the words in his ear, and he exploded inside me with a roar. His fingernails dug into my ass as he held me down on his pulsing cock.

I collapsed against him, clinging to him. I wished we could stay that way forever. He ran his fingers through my hair.

"You're so sexy, Lacey, and we're only just beginning. Things are going to get really tense for me. I'm stressed out, and when I get like that, I need release in a big way."

His words held a warning that I didn't understand.

"That's not a problem." I kissed his neck, wanting to burrow inside him and never come out.

"Clean yourself up and meet me two doors down. Wear something professional. It's expected at all times-day or night when we're working late." He quirked an eyebrow. "We have a lot of work to get done." He gave me a light peck on the cheek.

I moved off him with a sigh. Watching him leave, his ass tight as he moved, I smiled slightly.

What a job this was turning out to be.

I climbed out of the warm bath with a rueful glance back.

There will be other nights like this...maybe.

I found my clothes and put on a simple gray dress with black lingerie underneath. Just pulling up the lacy black panties made me wet all over again.

"I have work to do, and that includes more than fantasizing about Rock Weldon." I bit my lip and studied myself in the vanity.

Too damned pale and tired-looking.

I gave a little gasp of surprise to find a pretty pink box full of makeup sitting on the shelf of the vanity. I opened it, my hands shaking. Designer makeup glittered from its hiding place.

"I could definitely get used to this." Knowing I didn't have a lot of time, I chose high-end foundation and blush and went to work with the new brushes in the box. I completed my look with a little black mascara and peach lip gloss.

I shook my head at my reflection in the mirror. This is just crazy. He even knows what makeup to have on hand for me.

Grabbing my purse since it had a pen in it and I didn't want to show up empty-handed, I headed down the hall. My heart fluttered at the thought of seeing Rock again, and I had to make an effort to slow my breathing.

I knocked on the door.

"Come in. You don't have to knock on my bedroom door. Only do that when other people are around." Rock's smooth voice made my knees weak as I walked in.

"All right."

"Good. Come on over here and take a look at what's going on with Regal Enterprises." Rock's features were aligned in a deep scowl.

I noticed a laptop open to a spreadsheet in the corner.

"That's yours to use from now on. You can take it to your room when we're done."

I tore my gaze from Rock. Evening stubble graced his chin, and I wondered what it would feel like against my clit. His tanned skin glowed against a white polo shirt, and he filled out a pair of khakis to perfection.

I gulped and sat down, gluing my stare to the information in front of me. It took me a few minutes to get my bearings with the myriad sheets of profits, losses and more, but I did.

"My God," I whispered, my stomach dropping.

"Tell me what you see." Rock stood behind me, his hands on the back of the chair, but even his sexy presence couldn't distract me from what I'd found.

"There's money missing-a lot. The balance sheet isn't adding up."

"Right on." He sighed. "The question is...who's stealing from me? That's what I intend to find out on this little vacation. I needed to get away from the vipers who surround me so I could think."

I turned halfway in the chair, glancing at him.

Lines riddled his face. He was so tense, I wondered if he'd spring at any minute and start pummeling the way. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be. The main thing is fixing it. I have investors who are going to find out about these numbers in two weeks. Time is running out, and I won't have my business destroyed by a thief." Rock walked to the window, gazing out upon the city lights.

"I'll help you in any way I can."

"Good. Figure out when the money started looking off. I'm the only one who's looked at these numbers. These are side deals, and I handle many of them myself. As you can imagine, this makes me look pretty bad." Rock slumped, his voice growing softer.

"Yes, I can see that." I swallowed hard. Now I understand my role in all of this. Bookkeeper was only a small part of it. Distraction was the name of the game.

"So, tomorrow you will help me immensely. We're getting engaged in a very public way and having a party to follow. That should get some people worried. There's a snake in the grass, and my having a wife won't make him happy." Rock paced, his tone growing hard.

"Do you know who's done this?" I got up, not sure what to do.

"I have an idea, and if I'm right, he's expecting to siphon off my fortune as he can. My having a wife who is also keeping a sharp eye on the books won't be his idea of fun. I've handled it in the past, but he knows I'm busy now. Too busy." Rock ran a hand through his hair and sat on the couch.

"I see." But I didn't entirely.

"Well, why not fire him or put him on leave and sort it out later?" I crossed the room slowly, but I could see from his face that Rock was in another world.

"Not going to happen."

I perched on the edge of a wingback chair.

"Oh. I guess I don't understand."

Rock laughed, a mirthless, cold sound. "Few would. He saved my life when I was a child. I owe everything I am to him in many ways."

"But you can't let him steal from you." My voice rose in indignation.

"What do you know about my life...about what I will or won't or can or can't do, Ms. Pate?" Rock's tone was like ice.

"Nothing. I'm sorry." I moved my hands in a fluttering motion.

"Exactly. Don't question me. I'll take care of this. You're here to do a job...to keep an eye on the books and to act as my future wife. It's an important role but don't overstep your bounds."

I shivered at his words.

Why am I doing this? I'm insane. I hardly know this man, and he's only using me for his own ends.

"Cat got your tongue, Ms. Pate? You may go now." Rock dismissed me with a wave of his hand.

My mouth dropped open. "That's it?"

"For now. Yes. Take your computer with you. I'll let you know if you're needed further tonight. Keep your door unlocked."

From the stormy look in his eyes, I had a feeling I'd be seeing him. I just wasn't sure I wanted to. This was a Rock Weldon I didn't know...the dark side of him, the one that frightened me.

* * * *

I dithered over what to wear to bed. Finally, I chose an emerald-colored, see-through nighty with matching garters and tights.

Have to keep the boss happy, even if he is moody.

I climbed in between the silken sheets with a moan. My watch read 11:00 p.m. I didn't think I'd be able to stay awake long.

Just as I was drifting off into a dream featuring Rock's dark gaze, my cell phone rang. I grabbed it from the nightstand where I'd laid it.

"Hello?"

"Ms. Pate." The words weren't a question.

"Yes. Who's calling?" Anxiety rose inside me, and I gripped the phone tighter.

"A friend. If you know what's good for you, you'll cancel your trip and catch a plane out of there. Did you know the man you're...working for is a murderer?" The insinuation in the tone was undeniable. The caller knew what Rock and I were up to as far as extracurricular activities.

"I don't believe you."

The man laughed. "Your call. But watch your back, pretty lady."

A click sounded in my ear. I stared at the phone, incredulous.

Rock-a murderer? I couldn't believe it of the man who stirred my body into a frenzy of lust. Could I?

I tossed and turned for a few minutes, but sleep finally claimed me.

* * * *

When I woke up later, I couldn't move my arms well. They were above my head, tied to the bed somehow in a soft, leather restraint from the feel of the material against my wrists. The room was dark. A blindfold of sorts was over my eyes from what I could tell. Cool air washed over my body in the thin chemise.

"Rock?"

He didn't speak. Excitement and fear fluttered in my stomach.

"I need you. Will you do everything I want, Lacey? What's come before was only the start. Trust goes much deeper with me. It has to be forged in pain and submission if this is going to work."

"Yes," I whispered, my pu**y growing wet at the thought.

"Say my name, Lacey."

Pressure on the bed indicated that Rock had sat down beside me.

"Rock."

"That didn't convince me you want me, that you'll listen to everything I tell you, do anything I need you to do. I want you to cater to my demands, Lacey. That's going to get trickier once we're in the limelight." His breath tickled my ear, and his voice was like a razor, so sharp I could cut myself on it.

I let out a tremulous sigh.

"Say my name, Lacey, like you mean it, like you adore me and my cock. Like you want to give me control of your body."

"Rock," I said loudly.

"That's a little better, but before we're through, you're going to scream it over and over. Open your legs wide."

I slid my legs apart. His hand cupped my pu**y, and I gasped.

"This is mine. You work for me, and I don't want you to forget it."

I swallowed hard. "I won't."

"Because I own this pu**y, Lacey, every sweet inch of it." Rock slowly slid a finger inside me, and I moaned, pulling against the leather around my wrists.

"Please." My voice was hoarse, still full of sleep.

"You can beg all you want, but I'll do things my way. I'll have to share you for too much of the day tomorrow but not now."

My cl*t tingled as he circled it with his finger, still moving inside me with another one. "Go ahead and come for me, Lacey." The rhythm he'd started went faster, and I panted in time.

I exploded into another stratosphere or pleasure, and Rock pushed his fingers inside me as I spasmed around them.

"Oh my God." I groaned, wanting him inside me.

The bed moved as he straddled my body. The feel of his cock, soft skin and rigid length against my lips made me whimper. I enjoyed sucking him off more than I'd ever liked it with another man. He forced my lips open as I sucked on the head of his prick.

A buzzing sound met my ears as he groaned.

I whimpered with excitement as Rock pushed the vibrating sex toy inside me, his c**k still in my mouth.

"You like that?"

I couldn't speak, so I nodded.

"Say my name, Lacey. Tell me who you need."

I let his c**k slide from my mouth. "Rock." I shouted the word.

"That's what I want to hear, baby." He chuckled as the vibrator buzzed in and out of me.

My cl*t ached, longing for his attention. He pushed his rigid shaft farther into my mouth, down my throat, and I moaned as tears came to my eyes.

"Oh, Lacey, I love how you suck my cock." He pistoned in and out of my mouth even as he moved the vibrator to my clit. The pressure lessened as he turned down the speed on the toy.

I moaned, wanting more. He was holding me on the edge as deep contractions began in my core.

"What do you want, Lacey?" Rock whispered, sliding his c**k from my mouth, the maddening motion of the toy unceasing.

"To come, to have you inside me." I pushed the words out, gritting my teeth.

"Not yet." The movement against my cl*t stopped, and I sucked in a harsh breath as Rock teased my ni**les with his tongue and kneaded my br**sts under his sure hands. I pulled against my restraints, wanting to be free to love him.

He rolled me over with one quick movement, surprising me. I cried out as the restraints moved too.

"I'm not going to hurt you. I enjoyed what we did yesterday...so much." His voice was a husky whisper, and I bit my lip. "Did you?"

"Yes."

"Tell me, Lacey. Has a man ever known you like I do-every part of you?"

"No." The word was a mere breathy sigh. His hands moved, massaging my ass as he spoke. His mouth on my bottom made me cry out as he sucked and explored each cheek in its time.

But does he know my heart?

"Good. And I'm going to learn all about you, Lacey."

And when will I learn about him?

The question fled my mind as his tongue slid down my cleft. I groaned loudly.

"You like that? I love all of you and how you submit to me." Rock sucked at my opening, taking my breath away.

My face grew warm. No man had ever done anything like this. It was so intimate, but somehow I trusted him.

His finger inside me was welcome when it came. He'd oiled it, and it slid right in as if I were made for him.

"So tight. So pretty. You're so sweet, and I'm so dark, Lacey, and flawed."

I arched against his finger, wanting more of him. His words turned me on, though I didn't understand him. His past was an enigma to me, and the caller's words about murder came back.

"How dark?" I whispered.

"There's a part of me so black it never comes to the light. It was made years ago when I was an orphan." He sighed, inserting another finger inside me.

I gasped as he picked up his pace and smacked my ass.

"I want to know all about you, Rock."

"You will. You are getting to right now. This is me." He pushed his fingers inside me to the hilt, and I cried out as my cl*t throbbed against the silky sheets.

I needed release.

"Please."

"Please what? Beg me for it, Lacey. I need to hear you tell me what you need."

"I want to come. I want your c**k inside me. I need it so bad, Rock." My voice was like gravel, craven with need.

"I think I can arrange that with a little twist." He pulled my hair gently, and I cried out. "Say my name, Lacey. Who dominates your pu**y?"

"You do, Rock. Rock Weldon does."

The moment was surreal. I was really being fingered in the ass by the hottest, most fascinating man I'd ever met in my life-and I was going to be engaged to him tomorrow. Falsely.

The vibrator roared to life again, and he placed it under me, against my clit.

I whimpered as I lay on top of it. Rock pushed it inside me, and I mewled like a kitten. My inner thighs were slippery with my own wetness. He slid the vibrator out again, agonizingly slowly, and laid it against my cl*t again.

My breath came in harsh gasps as my cl*t tingled at the contact. Rock spread my cheeks with his hands, and I groaned with the thought of what he was going to do-hurt me and bring me great pleasure.

Oil slid down my cleft.

"I can't wait to get inside you, Lacey. We're going to do so many things together. Can I trust you?" The question surprised me.

"Yes." I was learning how hard and yet how vulnerable Rock Weldon really was.

"Good. You can trust me too." As he spoke, he rubbed the tip of his c**k against my entrance.

"Oh God. Oh..." I couldn't help myself.

"What do you want, Lacey?"

I could hardly speak as my orgasm built inside me.

"I want you to do me, Rock." I ground the words out as jolts of pleasure went through me.

"I can oblige you there." He nipped at my ear and clutched at my h*ps harder. When he slid his c**k home past the rings of my tight opening, I moaned.

"Umm, that feels amazing." I clutched at the bedposts, my restraints making it impossible to do anything else.

"Who knows how to make you feel good, Ms. Pate?" Rock whispered the words in my ear as he flicked his tongue across it and rammed his c**k home.

"You do, Rock." I whimpered and arched back to meet him. My cl*t was on fire. "I'm going to come."

"Hold on for a minute for me. I'm enjoying this too much, and I want to come with you."

I mewled in frustration as he burrowed into me with his c**k again. He smacked my ass-hard-and I yelped.

"Just wait till I use the whip on you. You're going to love that, Lace."

I caught my breath at his usage of the endearment. I wouldn't mind being Lace to him.

The contractions in my core made it hard to hold off an orgasm. "It feels so good. I need to come." I sighed as he slid out of me again.

"You have my permission."

He shouted his release, and I groaned from deep within myself as waves of pleasure washed over me again and again. Rock rolled off me, clasping him to me, his c**k against my ass.

"Maybe I'll let you free now if you promise not to run off into the night...or early morning as it may be." He kissed a trail down my neck as I shivered at his touch, feeling spent and sleepy.

"I'd like that, and I won't run away."

"You sure seemed to enjoy being tied up. That's good. I knew we were birds of a feather from the moment I saw you." I heard a clinking, and then my wrists were free. Rock pulled the blindfold off me and silenced the vibrator.

"I did. I'd never done that before."

"That's just the beginning," he said and held my body closer to his.

* * * *

When I awoke the next morning, Rock was nowhere to be found. Disappointment zinged through me.

He's working. He has a company to run and a lot of problems to deal with.

I sighed and sat up. Breakfast waited for me on my nightstand-gorgeous cheese, fruit, bread, and steaming chocolate goat's milk from what I could tell.

I ate with relish, realizing I was starving.

A knock sounded on my door. "Ms. Pate?"

I recognized the housekeeper's voice.

"Yes? Come in."

She walked in. "Mr. Weldon will meet you downstairs in an hour. He says to wear a sundress. You'll be going to the piazza to sightsee." Her face was impassive.

"Wonderful. Thank you." I smiled, and she left, taking my empty tray with her.

I jumped out of bed, nervousness and anticipation warring inside me. A moment later, I heard something outside. An envelope appeared under the door. My first thoughts went to the mysterious caller from the night before, and my pulse quickened.

I approached the door with caution and picked up the package. When I opened it, frilly pink panties that had a slim box inside them met my fingers.

Lacey,

Wear these today. I have the remote that controls the device inside.

He didn't need to sign the missive.

I moaned under my breath in response. I'd never last with Rock controlling a remote on something like this. Biting back my dread and excitement, I took a quick shower and got dressed, careful to make sure the panties looked discreet. They did.

"Best money can buy, no doubt." I grinned and chose a gorgeous coral sundress from the clothes he'd bought me. It wasn't short, but the neckline dipped low. It was sexier than anything I usually wore. Sling-back sandals completed the look. I put my makeup on, picking dramatic colors Rock had never seen me wear. With a flourish, I secured my hair half up.

Glancing at my watch, I realized I would be early to meet him downstairs. I paced the length of my room for a while, trying to tamp down my excitement.

By tonight, I'll be engaged to Rock Weldon.

It was finally time to meet him. When I reached the foyer, there he stood, gazing out the window at an amazing view of the city. "Shall we?"

I took his arm, smiling. "Let's. You're looking quite mysterious today."

"We're very close, so we'll do like the locals do and walk." Rock gleamed in an open-throat white polo shirt and khaki slacks. He looked like a local with his dark hair and eyes. Dark sunglasses and a jaunty hat completed the picture.

"Really? You don't think we'll be harassed?"

He led me out the front door of the villa. "No, I had Luigi scare everyone off when he came by this morning. Plus, who'll ever recognize me now?"

I snorted with laughter. I loved this side of Rock-the playful, sweet side.

"No one...not a chance."

We walked the streets of Venice to joyful shouts of locals. Heat seared through my dress, and humidity clung to me.

"Here we are. This is the spot Napoleon is said to have called the drawing room of the world."

"It's gorgeous." We stood at the edge of one side of the piazza. St. Mark's Basilica was across from us in all its glory. "Look at those carvings." Huge horses strode across its front, and arches drew the eye toward heaven.

"I think so. The basilica is a marvel itself as are the people here." Rock grinned, and all the shadows lifted from his face for a moment.

Something in my heart opened up. I quickly shook my head at myself.

"What is it?" He scrutinized me as we walked past a shop on one side of the piazza, the scent of leather overtaking my senses.

"Nothing." I smiled, determined to soak up this day with him before the true craziness of being his bride-to-be, but not really, started.

"Good. Pick something you'd like in one of the shops. All the leather and jewelry is of excellent quality."

I nodded, my tongue caught between my teeth as he touched my arm in the lightest whisper of sensation. "Thanks. I will." I browsed the leather handbags and goods, all the while inhaling the heady scent.

Rock looked at wallets and chose one quickly. He chatted up the cute sales clerk in Italian, and she blushed.

I wanted to roll my eyes, but I couldn't help but grin.

He is charming.

"See anything you like?" He appeared at my side again.

"Maybe jewelry instead. It will be tough to choose."

"That's Venice." He winked, and we walked out of that shop back into blazing sunlight and heat.

"We can tour St. Mark's after this and have lunch at the cafe if you'd like."

I nodded. "I'd love it."

A few people were pointing and staring at us as we made our way to the next store, and a crowd had gathered.

"Looks like you've been spotted." I laughed.

"Yep, but we're still going to shop."

"Good."

Rock halted suddenly and froze. He sucked in a breath, and a pained expression painted his handsome features.

"What is it?" I touched his sleeve even as red spread on his shoulder. I couldn't make out what it was at first, and then horror swept through me.

"I've been shot."

Chaos descended then, and the crowd pressed in as I struggled to hang on to Rock.

"Please help us!"

Men ran, and people pulled out cell phones as Rock sank to the ground, his face as white as his shirt.

"Hang on for me, Rock. Hold on." I knelt , clinging to him, not caring who heard what I said as terror stole through me.

Who had done this and why?

