Chapter 1

Mallory tried to swallow down the panic that was rising in her throat. How could Celeste possibly have a tape of Jake a Mallory together? Had someone been spying on them in Venice? Celeste was still grinning at her, a sharp edge to her sweet smile.

"Of course I know about Jake's tendencies," she gloated. "I do have first-hand experience."

Jake slept with this bitch? Mallory was outraged. And hurt.

Celeste looked at her appraisingly, disdainfully. "Although I have no idea what appeal you hold for him. How did you convince him to take you to Venice? For three nights, no less; he hasn't been with any of the others for more than one night since my dear friend Jennifer got dumped." Her face twisted into a frown, as though she had something sour in her mouth. "Maybe he likes the whole hired help thing, like the French maid fetish. That would certainly make sense, seeing as he loves making you serve him." She shot Mallory a contemptuous look.

Her cheeks flamed red. Maybe Celeste was lying about the tape. After all, she said she knew about Jake's kinks. Maybe she was inventing it. Mallory had a nasty taste in her mouth just thinking about them together.

"And how do I know that you're telling the truth?" She asked challengingly, clinging to mad hope.

Celeste's eyes glinted. "'I need you, Sir.' " She said in a mocking tone. "God, what a cold bitch you are, you gold-digging whore. How dare you manipulate him like that?"

Mallory was appalled. And furious. She wanted to vindicate herself, to rail at Celeste that she wasn't a gold-digger and that her feelings for Jake were real. But she knew that her arguments would be falling on deaf ears. Instead, she narrowed her eyes at the leering blonde. "If you think that intimidating me will get Jake to fall for you, you're mistaken, bitch. I'm not going anywhere. When I tell him about this, you are going to be in deep shit."

Celeste's smile never wavered. "But you're not going to tell him. If you do, I'll release the tape so fast you won't even see your world crumbling down around you until it's in ashes." Her eyes flashed menacingly. "And believe me, I'll know if you tell him."

Mallory felt as though Celeste had wrapped her well-manicured claws around her throat, squeezing, cutting off her air. How could she possibly know? But she knew the intimate details of her couplings with Jake. If she knew that, surely she would be privy to anything that Mallory said to him.

Celeste leaned in as though to kiss her on the cheek. "Leave now," she whispered, her voice a purr, "and save him and yourself. If you don't, I will ruin you both."

And with that, she turned from Mallory, sauntering back into the crowd with a smirk on her face.

Mallory stood there for a moment, frozen in horror. Pull it together, she ordered herself. Get out now. As much as she hated herself for doing it, she knew that she had to do what Celeste had ordered. Her dreams of being a teacher could be crushed for good if that tape came out. Not to mention the shame it would bring on Jake. Mallory thought of his mother, who had been so kind to her. In her mind, Susan's easy smile turned to a furious scowl, hatred and contempt for Mallory etched into the lines of her face.

Bile was rising in Mallory's throat, but she forced her feet to move, her knees to bend. Scanning the ballroom, she saw that Jake was deep in conversation with an elegantly dressed couple in the far corner of the room. If she could just get out without him seeing her...

She walked to the exit as though in a drunken haze, the edges of her vision blurring as she fought back tears. Her fingers were trembling in shock and rage.

She paused in the corridor that would lead her out of the house and away from Jake. But she couldn't just leave him without saying anything. Gathering up her resolve, she turned to the stairs that lead up to Jake's office, treading up them as quickly as she could; she had to get this over with as soon as possible before Jake found her and confronted her. She knew that she couldn't bear to see him without breaking down.

When she entered his office, memories assailed her; memories that had once been pleasant but now they caused her nothing but pain. She couldn't help pausing to run her fingers over the spines of the books that lined the walls, the ones that had been knocked to the floor when Jake had first thrown her up against them, pulling her in with his demanding kiss. Swiping angrily at the tears streaming down her face, she turned sharply towards the enormous desk in the corner.

With shaking fingers, she undid the clasp of the gorgeous necklace that Jake had given her. There was no way that she could keep it given what she was about to do; keeping his gift would make it seem like she still cared.

After carefully laying the necklace on the desk, she began ripping open drawers, searching frantically for pen and paper. When she had what she needed, she sank down in Jake's chair in order to write her goodbye. As she did so, his masculine scent mingled with that of the leather, inundating her mind with memories of their time in his dungeon, when the same smells pervaded the room, blending with her own musky arousal.

Shaking herself, she forced pen to paper. Her usually neat handwriting was an untidy scrawl; she could hardly see what she was writing through her tears.

Jake,

I can't do this anymore. We don't belong to the same world. Please forgive me.

She could think of nothing else to say, and she had to get going. Not knowing what formality to end with - "sincerely" was too cold, but "love" would never do - she simply signed her name and then bolted from the room before she could tear the note to pieces.

She fled down the stairs and darted down the corridor leading out of the house. She was almost at the door when a strong hand on her upper arm stopped her short.

"Mallory." She heard his voice and couldn't hold back a sob. There was no way she could handle this. Without looking his way, she tugged at her arm, trying to jerk it out of his grip. But he held her firmly, his fingers tightening to an almost bruising force.

"Mallory?" His tone was colored with alarm. "What's wrong?"

"Let me go, Jake," she gasped, desperate to escape.

His voice turned hard, determined. "No. Look at me, Mallory." His tone brooked no argument, and she found her eyes inexorably rising to meet his. His gaze was dark blue, flinty. Mallory sobbed as she realized what she was going to have to do: she was going to have to hurt him. He would never let her go otherwise.

"Tell me what's wrong, Mallory," he commanded.

"Nothing," she answered automatically, stupidly, delaying the moment she would have to rip his heart out.

His brows came together, his expression hard. "What have I told you about lying to me, sub?" He asked softly, dangerously.

"I'm not your submissive," she forced out. "I'm not yours." She wanted her voice to sound harsh, cruel, but she just sounded desolate.

He gripped her arm tighter, his expression growing angry now. "What's happened to you, Mallory? Tell me the truth. Now."

"I can't do this, Jake," she heaved out, close to hyperventilating. "Don't make me. Please, just let me go." Her voice was soft at the last, pleading.

"I'm not going to do that, Mallory. I'm not going to let you go." His voice softened, turning gentle. "I need you, Mallory."

Bracing herself, she hurled out the words: "Well, I don't need you!" She would have to become what Celeste had accused her of being if she had any hope of escaping him.

Jake's grip on her arm slackened, and he looked as though she had slapped him across the face again. But he did not release her. "I don't believe that," he said, his voice rough.

"I've been using you, Jake!" She insisted. "I'm exactly what you said: a gold-digger and a s-slut." But now she was crying harder than ever.

Jake grasped her by her shoulders, shaking her. "Why are you saying this, Mallory?" He demanded. "Why? I know this isn't you."

"I..." She hesitated, unable to bring herself to say the lie that she knew she would have to tell. "I don't want to be your submissive. It makes me feel degraded; it's disgusting."

Jake shook her again. "Why are you lying to me?" Frustration made his voice almost a growl.

"Fine!" She exclaimed, hating him for making her do this to him. Why couldn't he just let her go? Clinging to that anger, she stilled her heaving chest and said her next words as clearly and as coldly as she could manage. "I'm seeing someone else. I love him. I've only been with you because of your money."

Jake's mouth parted, shock etched in every line of his face. He looked as though he had seen a ghost, as though Mallory were morphing into Jennifer and he was experiencing her betrayal all over again. His hands dropped from Mallory's shoulders, hanging limply at his sides.

She couldn't bear seeing him like this; it cut her to the core to see what she had done to him. "Jake..." She said hesitantly, unable to stop herself from reaching out for him.

He flinched away from her. "Get out," he said softly. "Get out of my house. Now."

Seizing the opportunity to flee, Mallory immediately followed his command. She turned on her heel, sobbing as she ran out the door. She flung herself into her car and tore down his long driveway. When she reached the highway, she had to pull over, too blinded by her tears to drive.

Chapter 2

Mallory didn't sleep that night. She cried for hours until her tears ran try. Jake's anguished look flashed before her eyes over and over again. She closed her eyes as if she could block the image out, but then the whole scene would just play out behind her eyelids.

"I need you, Mallory," he had said. And she had thrown it in his face. It didn't matter that everything she had said was a lie; she had still wounded him deeply. And she would never be able to forgive herself for that. Her blood boiled as she thought of Celeste. She would never forgive that bitch, either. Mallory wasn't used to backing down when she was challenged, but Celeste was playing in a whole different league than she ever had.

Did I do the right thing? She had asked herself so many times. But of course she had; there was no other way open to her. Maybe she could have let herself be ruined if it would have saved Jake, but she couldn't bear the thought of bringing shame down on him, of destroying his entire world. He had worked so hard to earn respect in his company, had worked his way up from nothing at his father's insistence. If that tape came out, he would lose everything.

Dawn came, and still Mallory had not slept. Her eyes were puffy from crying, her throat raw from her sobs. The sun was halfway to its zenith when she was jerked from her brooding thoughts by a knock at her door.

Must be Sally, coming to gush about the splendid ball, she thought morosely. She wasn't sure if she could handle seeing her friend right now. Or anyone for that matter. But if she ignored Sally she would only badger Mallory with phone calls until she came to answer the door.

Resignedly, Mallory rolled out of bed with a groan. "Coming!" She called, her voice raspy from crying. She wrapped her bathrobe around herself and went to open the door.

When she did, she froze when she saw who was on the other side. Jake was standing there, looking lost. His eyes were as red-rimmed as her own, and his hair was a tousled mess. He extended his hand, and Mallory's eyes widened when she saw what he was holding out to her: it was the beautiful diamond and sapphire necklace that he had gifted her the night before.

"What?" She said breathlessly. "Jake..." Just saying his name aloud sent a pang through her heart. But she pressed on. "I can't accept-"

"You're lying to me, Mallory," he cut her off, his voice gruff. "I know you're lying to me. What I want to know is: Why?"

Because Celeste is a conniving bitch! She wanted to shout it out, to erase the hurt on Jake's face. But she couldn't; they would both be ruined if she did that. "I'm not ly-"

"God damn it, Mallory!" He half-shouted, his fist tightening around the necklace. "Stop lying to me! I don't know why you're doing this, but I'm not leaving until you explain." He was fuming, his nostrils flaring. Mallory wanted to cower in the wake of his rage.

Gulping down the lump in her throat, Mallory forced herself to repeat the lie. "I'm with someone else, Jake. I was just using you for-"

"If you were just using me, then why would you tell me? Why are you so upset about leaving me? It's because you have feelings for me. I know you do." His face turned anxious, pleading. "I know you do," he murmured.

"No, Jake," she gasped out. "I don't. I don't!" Her voice was high and panicky. There was only so much longer she could keep up this charade without breaking. Jake seemed to sense that he was gaining ground, and he pressed on relentlessly.

He held out the necklace, shaking it. "And what kind of gold-digger leaves one-hundred-thousand dollars in jewels behind?"

"Jake, I..." Mallory was at a loss for words. What could she say to that?

"Let me in, Mallory," Jake growled. "Now."

Reflexively obeying his domineering command, Mallory stepped back. Jake shoved his way through the small opening that she had made, pushing her aside so that he could enter. When he had, he slammed the door behind him and locked it, trapping her.

He advanced on her, his powerful aura seeming to intensify around him like a palpable thing. She backed away, raising her hands as though to defend herself. But he didn't stop until her back was against the wall, his strong arms on either side of her, pinning her in. Just his proximity made her sex throb, despite her distress. God, how could she resist him?

His dark blue eyes bored into hers, merciless. "Why did you lie to me, Mallory? If you do not answer truthfully things will go very badly for you," he threatened.

"I can't tell you!" She cried, shaking her head vigorously. "I can't." Her voice broke on the last words. "Please, Jake..."

"What do you mean, you can't?" He seized on her words, and she knew that he would cling to them tenaciously, never allowing her an out. "What happened, Mallory? Who has done this to you?"

Mallory's mouth opened before she could stop herself; she couldn't bear this any longer. "Celeste," she whispered.

Jake's brows drew down in a frown. "What about her?" He asked harshly.

"She..." Mallory hesitated. But now that she had started, there was no point in stopping; she had already betrayed both of them by even speaking the bitch's name. "She's blackmailing me, Jake."

His expression turned livid. "What?!" He demanded furiously. "Explain. Now." His tone was clipped as he made an obvious effort to reign in his anger. But his hands on either side of her had balled into fists.

"She has a tape of us, Jake. A... a sex tape." She forced herself to continue as Jake's face darkened even further, livid. "She said she would go public with it if I didn't break up with you. And now she will anyway because I've told you." Her voice turned to an anguished whisper. "I'm so sorry, Jake." If she had had any tears left, she would have been sobbing. Now she had betrayed him twice.

She peeked up at him, but his hard eyes had turned soft, the lines of his face easing. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her in for a tight hug. The feeling of his strong arms around her was undeniably comforting, and she breathed in his masculine scent with a small sigh of pleasure. It felt so right to be held by him. He stroked his hand up and down her back tenderly, soothing her.

"It's alright, Mallory." His voice was a deep rumble, the warmth of it enveloping her. "We can get through this. Celeste won't get away with this; I'll press charges."

"But the tape," Mallory insisted, pulling back from him. "She'll release it as soon as she finds out that I've told you."

Jake frowned. "But how will she know?"

"I have no idea, but she said she would. And I believe her, Jake. She had video footage of us together in your house. Who knows where else she might have eyes and ears." She suddenly looked around herself, getting the creeping feeling that someone was watching her. Was she even safe in her own apartment?

Jake's face turned thunderous. "If she has surveillance inside my house, then I'll find out who put it there. It must have been one of the staff." His expression suddenly cleared as a plan formed in his mind. "I'm going home, but you have to stay here. I'll call the staff together and get answers, even if I have to take them to the police to be interrogated. That way they won't know that we're back together until I've already found them out."

"But what if whoever it is manages to get in touch with Celeste? What if she finds out regardless?"

Jake took her by the hands. "Then she'll still go to jail, Mallory. And I'll stand by you, no matter what happens."

"Jake," she said softly. "I can't let this happen to you. Please..."

He held a finger to her lips. "It's too late for that Mallory." His gaze turned intense. "And I would gladly sacrifice my reputation if that's what it took to have you."

Her lips parted and her heart skipped a beat.

That evening Mallory found herself sitting in the backseat of Jake's Jaguar, his driver taking her to his plantation house. He had sounded cruelly satisfied over the phone when he told her that someone was coming to pick her up. Mallory tried to muster up some of her usual resentment for being fetched and brought to Jake, but she was coming to realize that she didn't really mind it all that much. Her impatience with his high-handed ways seemed unfair when she thought of what Jake had said to her before leaving her apartment; if he was willing to sacrifice everything he had ever worked for in order to have her, then she sure as hell could forgive him for sending a fancy car to pick her up.

Jake was waiting at the front door for her when she arrived, beaming triumphantly. Mallory was buoyed by this, but she didn't dare hope that everything had turned out okay. Especially since Jake had made clear his lack of concern for the outcome of the situation.

As soon as Mallory was out of the car, he was on her, literally sweeping her off her feet as he dipped her back for a classic Hollywood kiss. When he finally pulled back from her and helped her stand upright, she was dizzy.

"What was that for?" She asked, breathless but grinning like a fool.

He held her by the shoulders and smiled back at her. "Everything is perfect, Mallory," he beamed. "We're going to be fine."

"How?" Mallory gasped. "What happened?"

"I found the hidden camera in the dungeon, so I rounded up my staff and showed it to them, demanding answers." His face darkened slightly. "It was Charlie, one of the butlers. He cracked pretty quickly."

Mallory had no trouble understanding how Jake had intimidated the man into talking with no more than a glare and a few hard words. She had been on the receiving end of it many times herself.

"Apparently Celeste has seduced him; poor fool thinks that she loves him." His expression was a bit pitying. Mallory knew that he understood misguided love. "He's in jail now. I've pressed charges for blackmail."

"But what about Celeste?" Mallory asked. "Has she released the tape?"

Jake smile broadly. "Nope. Turns out Charlie had the only copy. Celeste didn't want to be able to get caught with it red-handed. Apparently she let him do all the dirty work."

Anger bloomed within Mallory's chest. "What a bitch," she said under her breath.

Jake chuckled at her. "Indeed."

"So where is she? In jail?" Mallory couldn't help being a bit vindictive. "I bet orange is so not her color."

He laughed again. "Yes, they arrested her a few hours ago. She'll probably get out on bail, but she will definitely pay for what she's done to you." His face turned fierce. "I won't ever let anyone hurt you, Mallory."

Looking up into his eyes, Mallory saw the truth of his words; he really would protect her no matter what. "I know," she whispered.

He gave her a reprimanding look. "No more lying, then?"

"No, Sir."

Jake beamed.

Chapter 3

"I want to show you something, Mallory," Jake told her as he took her by the hand.

She smirked. "The last time you said that you were about to take me into a terrifying, kinky dungeon. What could it possibly be this time?" She asked, mock-contemplative. "An orgy in the attic?"

Jake laughed, a deep, rich sound that sent tingles from her fingers to her toes. "Not quite," he grinned roguishly. "But you're on the right track."

Mallory paused, suddenly nervous, but Jake didn't stop with her. "You're not getting out of this one so easily, Mallory." She was pulled along by his grip on her hand as he continued steadily forward, insisting that she follow.

They walked around the back of the house and into the gardens behind it, which Mallory had never seen before. They were absolutely breathtaking. There were well-manicured camellia bushes lining a long walkway that stretched from the back door of the house all the way out to the distant bay, where there was a large dock. From this distance, she could just make out a small yacht moored to it. Halfway to the bay, the garden ended at a beautiful wrought iron gate that separated it from an open pasture where half a dozen horses were grazing.

Mallory wanted to stop and drink it all in, but Jake kept up his pace, not allowing her to linger. "You can look later," he said with a small smile. "But right now you're coming with me."

"Where are we going?" She asked, curious.

"You'll see."

Damn cryptic Dom, Mallory thought wryly.

But she found out where he was taking her soon enough. They veered off the garden path and walked through a stand of Oak trees into a more shaded area. When they emerged from the trees, they were standing in a hollow with verdant green grass and a small fish pond. Beside it was a huge, ancient Willow tree. Jake led her towards it and parted the branches, pulling her under the leafy canopy with him. The pliant branches fell back into place behind them, hiding them from the outside world like a glowing green curtain.

Jake circled behind her, as though allowing her a moment to marvel at the beauty of where he had brought her. Suddenly, he jerked her arm back, putting her off-balance. At the same time he knocked his knee into the back of hers. Before she knew what was happening, she was tumbling to the ground, the wind whooshing out of her as she hit the soft earth.

"Hey!" She cried, but Jake was already on top of her, his lips on hers, silencing her protests. His kiss was soft and sweet, contrasting with his ferocity as he tore open her blouse, popping the buttons off in his haste to remove it. As he was unzipping her jeans, her own hands were fumbling at his shirt buttons, blindly unfastening them as she increased the intensity of the kiss. With a growl, Jake pulled away from her, denying her control. He yanked her jeans down her legs, leaving her in her bra and panties.

He was on his knees, looming over her where she lay on her back. They stared into one another's eyes for a moment; Jake's were completely open to her, exposing his soul, leaving him vulnerable. "Mallory," he said her name like a caress. "You told me last night that you didn't want to be my submissive. That you were disgusted by it. I know that the last part is a lie." He smiled down at her knowingly. "But I need to know if the first part is true."

His expression sobered quickly. "Will you be my submissive, Mallory?"

Heat flooded Mallory's cheeks as she remembered how she had wounded Jake with her words. Of course she wasn't disgusted by what they did together! She had never been more blissful in her life. "Yes, Jake," she breathed. "I will."

His grin was so wide it was almost boyish, like a kid on Christmas morning. "Excellent," he beamed.

Without another word, he bent down and hooked one arm behind her back and the other under her knees. She squealed in delight as he lifted her up swiftly, cradling her to his chest and leaning in for a sweet kiss. Never letting go of her lips, he stood and began walking towards the trunk of the Willow tree.

He set her down gently on her feet and pressed her back against the tree, the soft bark lightly scratching her na**d flesh. Keeping pressure on her shoulders for a moment, he looked down into her sky blue eyes with his sapphire ones. "Don't move," he ordered.

Mallory swallowed and went still as a statue. Jake circled around behind the tree, and she heard a slight rustling sound as he retrieved something that he had hidden there.

Then one of his strong hands was gripping her wrist, pulling it behind her so that it wrapped around the Willow. She felt a rough cord being looped over her wrist before it pulled tight. Jake bound her other wrist with the cord before tying them together. She tried pulling at the restraints, testing them, but she was trapped, pressed closely to the tree.

Jake was walking towards her again, meeting her eye as he crossed back into her line of sight. He was na**d now, and he was holding a coil of rope in his hands. It was clearly connected to her restrained wrists. Spearing her with his intense gaze, he pulled the rope around her neck, pressing it lightly on her throat, restricting her airflow. The utter dominance of it, her complete vulnerability to him, made her knees go weak. She could feel herself growing wet as she became lightheaded. She was floating, high on his control.

When he released the pressure, Mallory gulped in air, and the rush of oxygen back to her brain sent her soaring even higher. As she gasped, Jake left her again, seemingly indifferent to her reactions. The rope remained against her throat, but it was held there loosely now.

When Jake was standing before her once again, she tried to nod her head forward, only to find herself stopped short by a tightening of the rope around her neck; he must have tied it off around the tree trunk. As Mallory realized her predicament, her pu**y swelled and her ni**les hardened. Jake was smiling at her, a slightly cruel glint in his pleased gaze.

"Do you trust me, sub?" He asked.

Without hesitation, Mallory nodded, enjoying the way the roughness of the rope made her nerve endings jump to life as it grazed over her skin.

Then Jake reached into his pocket and pulled out a pair of large silver scissors. Mallory balked, feeling a moment of panic. Was he going to cut her?

He cupped her face with his free hand. "I'm not going to hurt you, sub. Trust me."

Although she was trembling, Mallory swallowed and nodded again. She did trust him. Unequivocally.

Jake brought the scissors up slowly, gently pressing the dull length of them to her skin. She shivered at the contact with the cool, smooth metal. He pulled it across her chest, starting at one collarbone and drawing it towards the other. Mallory let out a little whine, and she wasn't sure if it was from fear or from the growing need inside her. When he reached her shoulder, the blades eased open, closing around her bra strap. With a definitive snipping sound, Jake cut through the elasticated fabric. It parted easily and fell forward, partially revealing her left breast. But Jake wasn't distracted. The scissors were at the other strap, cutting it quickly. Her bra was only held on by the clasps at the back now. But her back was pressed against the tree; Jake wouldn't be able to unsnap it. She watched, barely breathing, as he snipped the small bit of fabric that connected the cups of her bra together. With a little tug to pull it out from where her back pinned it to the tree, he pulled her ruined bra free, leaving her exposed.

Her ni**les were hard buds, begging to be touched. But Jake ignored them, drawing the cold, flat blade of the scissors down her sternum and over her belly. When he reached the top of her panties, he changed his grip so that the point of the blades scraped gently across her sensitive flesh as he moved the scissors to her hip. She shivered at the sensation. She was completely at Jake's mercy, and her pu**y was throbbing at the thought.

With a suddenness that shocked her, Jake cut away her panties, snipping either side. He grasped the front of them and pulled them forward roughly. The feeling of the lace rubbing over her hardened cl*t as he did so made her cry out in longing. She needed Jake to touch her, to be inside her.

"Please, Sir," she whispered desperately.

With a growl, he was on her, lifting her legs up and wrapping them around his waist as he entered her. Mallory gasped as her back scraped against the tree bark when he pushed into her, the two rough sensations making her eyes roll back in her head as she was overwhelmed.

Jake thrust up into her, jarring her against the tree deliciously each time. She wrapped her legs more tightly around him, needing him closer. His strong arms held her up as he f**ked her hard, making her feel helpless against his onslaught, his power. She could feel him hardening inside her, close to coming. She was on the precipice as well, and he pushed her over it. He grasped the rope on one side of her throat and pulled, restricting her air. Bliss soared through her again as her primal reaction to submit was brought to the fore; she completely surrendered to Jake in that moment, giving him everything. She exploded around him, letting out a strangled cry. He grunted as he came with her, calling her name as he finished.

As they both came down from their high, Jake released the tension of the rope against Mallory's throat. He carefully unwrapped her legs from around him and helped her stand. Although they could barely support her, she somehow managed.

Rather than taking the time to untie the ropes, Jake retrieved the scissors from the ground and cut through them. As soon as she was free, Mallory sank to her knees as they gave out beneath her. Jake was at her side immediately, easing her onto her back so that she lay on the cushion of the springy grass beneath them. He sat behind her and rested her head in his lap, stroking her hair back from her forehead as she continued to enjoy the floaty feeling in her head.

He was looking down at her intensely. "Mallory," he said her name after a long moment.

"Hmmm?" She answered vaguely.

His eyes were suddenly vulnerable again. "Would you let me collar you?"

"What?" She asked faintly.

"It's not meant to be demeaning," he said quickly. "It's a symbol of our commitment. It means that you're mine." His words were laced with longing.

Mallory wanted so badly to say yes, to ease his worry. Mine. The word sounded nice; it thrilled her that Jake thought of her in that way. But this was all moving very quickly, wasn't it?

In the wake of her pause, Jake rushed to explain himself. "It's just... After almost losing you... I can't..." His usual composure was crumbling. Mallory couldn't bear to see him falling apart like this.

"Jake," she said softly, gently cutting him off. "I don't want to lose you either." She took a deep breath, knowing that she was about to hurt him but having no other answer. "But I don't think I'm ready for that. Not yet," she added, hoping to soften the blow. But inside she still didn't think that she would ever be okay with the idea of someone owning her.

"Oh," he said simply. Then his walls were coming back up, the cocky mask slipping back into place for the first time since they had left Venice. Mallory hated seeing it again, but she understood. It was his defense mechanism, and he needed it right now. Still, knowing that didn't stop the pain she felt at hurting him.

"Well, then," the cocky Jake gave an easy smile. "Let me show you more of my fabulous home."

Mallory looked around at her ruined clothes that were strewn around them. "But what am I going to wear?" She asked.

His grin was wolfish. "If you're good, I might give you a change of clothes."

Mallory couldn't help scowling up at him.

Stop moping! Mallory ordered herself as she moped around her apartment. It had only been two days since Jake left on his business trip, but it felt more like a week. And she wasn't comfortable with how they had parted. Jake was clearly still shaken by her refusal of his offer to collar her. But Mallory couldn't commit to something like that when she wasn't sure; it wasn't fair to either of them.

He had called her twice since he had been gone, but their conversations had been mundane and brief. Mallory was terrified that she had driven a permanent wedge between them by turning him down. Could they ever move past this? She decided that she was going to talk it out with him, to explain her feelings. He was coming back into town tonight, and she wanted to have the conversation in person. It might be a bit difficult, but she couldn't bear the disconnect that she felt between them now.

Her heart leapt as her phone rang, and she quickly fished it out of her purse, anxious to hear Jake's voice. But when she saw the caller ID, she frowned. "Blocked number." She decided to let it go to voicemail. It was probably a solicitation call.

The call ended, but then the phone started ringing again immediately. "Blocked number." Maybe it was just acting weird because Jake was calling from an international number? But no, he was supposed to be arriving back in Charleston in a few hours; he had to be in the air right now. Did he have a phone on his jet?

Mallory rolled her eyes at herself. Of course he has a phone on his jet. What doesn't he have?

She answered quickly before the call could end. "Hello?"

"Is this Mallory Williams?" The voice was deep and distorted, like in movies when bad guys used voice modifiers to disguise themselves.

"Who is this?" She asked, her voice suddenly high and nervous. This had to be a prank or something. But how did they know her name?

The voice didn't answer her question. "Bring me five-hundred-thousand dollars, or Jake Cleary dies."

Mallory's hands went numb, and the phone almost slipped from her fingers. "What?" She asked faintly.

"Bring me the money, or I'll kill him," the voice said simply.

Mallory was trembling. This couldn't be real, couldn't be happening. "How do I know you're for real?" She asked, trying to make her tone hard, but it was still high-pitched, terrified.

Then she heard Jake's voice in the background, and her blood went cold. "Mallory," he groaned her name.

The End... For Now

