Chapter 1

"Venice?" Mallory squeaked. "As in, the Venice? In Italy?"

Jake's wide grin told her she was right. "Yep," he answered simply. Mallory stared at him, mouth agape, for a few moments. He made a shooing motion at her. "Well go on. Get packed. We'll be gone for three nights."

Mallory was breathing hard, her head spinning. It was almost too much for her mind to comprehend. Was this really happening? Or was she dreaming? She pinched herself. The little ping of pain on her arm told her that this was indeed real.

"I can't," she said finally.

Jake frowned. "And why not?" He asked. "You did agree to go out with me, remember?"

"Yes, I agreed to dinner! Not a three night mini-vacay with a complete stranger! How do I know that you aren't going to murder me or sell me into slavery or something?" Mallory had seen the movie Taken; she knew how this would go down.

Jake just laughed. "Well, for one, I'm a pretty high-profile character; I don't think I could murder you without anyone noticing. And for another, I would never give you to anyone else." His gaze turned hungry, his eyes intense. "I want you for myself, Mallory."

She shivered at the possessiveness in his eyes. "But-" she began, but he cut her off.

"No 'buts', Mallory. You agreed to this and that's that. I want to take you to Venice." His gaze turn hard, a bit menacing. He placed a strong finger under her chin, lifting her face so that she had no choice but to meet his eye. "And I always get what I want."

God, he was an arrogant ass. But she could not deny the rush of heat to her sex at his words, remembering how he had captured her, restrained her as he manipulated her body so skillfully. She wanted more of that dark seduction, that much she knew.

"Don't you want to go to Venice, Mallory?" He asked softly, his tone demanding a truthful answer.

"Yes," Mallory heard herself admitting, her voice a whisper. She had always longed to go to Italy. She wanted to teach high-school history, and she yearned to visit the ancient historical sites of Europe.

Jake smiled a Cheshire-cat grin, knowing he had her trapped now. "Well then, what's the problem? Come with me," he said more earnestly, the lines of his face betraying anxiety again. Mallory was intrigued by this softer side of him, the real man beneath the hard mask. She wanted to know that man better, and she wanted to know the cocky Jake sexually now that he had awakened the dark carnal desires within her. And after all, Mallory admitted to herself a touch resentfully, it wasn't as if she had anything to do here, no responsibilities, no job to go to.

"Fine," she conceded, but she was sure to put a sharp edge to her voice, to mask the fact that she was secretly thrilled to accept his offer; she didn't want him to get too big for his britches. She would be sure to challenge him at every turn, to make him see that she wasn't some push-over he could win with over with his money. "But you have to let me call Sally to let her know where I'm going. That way I know you can't kill me without someone knowing your MO."

Jake chuckled at her again. "I can assure you that I will not murder you. You don't have anything to fear from me." But his smile was sly, a dangerous twinkle in his eye. Mallory gulped, knowing that she did have something to fear: that he would turn her to pliant jelly with his erotic ministrations.

It's just fabulous sex, she assured herself. You want that don't you? Just don't let him get the upper hand again. Yeah, right. That would be so easy. "Okay," she said, a bit acidly, "I'll pack."

Jake grinned despite her tone. "Excellent."

He waited in the sitting room while she darted around her bedroom, throwing her favorite dresses into her bag. After a moment's hesitation, she packed her sexiest lingerie as well; if she had any hope of being the seductress rather than the seductee, she would need all the weapons in her arsenal.

A few minutes later, her duffel was being loaded into the trunk of a black limo by the driver. Of course he has a driver. And of course he has a limo. Jake definitely liked nice things, and he definitely never did any mundane tasks for himself.

Once they were in the limo, Jake seated as close to her as possible despite the ample room, she decided to goad him. "Don't you ever do anything for yourself?" She asked a bit condescendingly. The guy might be taking her to Europe, but that didn't get the spoiled little rich boy off the hook.

Jake blinked at her, taken aback by her bluntness. He looked as though no one had ever spoken to him so frankly, and, to be honest, so rudely. Well it's about time he had a dose of reality, Mallory thought to herself.

"What do you mean?" He asked, puzzled.

"You send your staff to fetch people, for one; you don't answer your own door; and you don't drive your own car. These are basic life skills." She looked at him challengingly, daring him to contradict her.

"Well," he began, a bit uncomfortably, "I do drive my own car sometimes. I love my Ferrari."

Mallory snorted derisively. "Oh, how independent of you."

Jake looked at her earnestly, his brow furrowed. The anxious man was back, clearly hurt by her words. "Why do you hate me, Mallory?" He asked.

Mallory was shocked. She didn't hate him; she didn't hate anybody. So why am I being such a bitch? Deep down, she realized that she resented him, although it rankled to admit it. She sighed. "I don't hate you, Jake. I don't know if I like you all that much, but I don't hate you. It's just... I can't begin to understand your lifestyle. It's like you're from another planet or something."

His strained expression eased, a small smile playing around his mouth. "Well, I'm sure we can manage to cross the cultural divide. I assure you that I'm not an alien. At least, I don't think I am. Maybe I should check my family tree. My uncle Albert sure looks alien enough, poor fellow."

Mallory couldn't suppress a smile. So apparently Jake did have a lighter side behind the serious, dominant facade.

"And so far as you not liking me goes," he continued, "I'm sure we can remedy that as well." His grin turned wicked, and his hand moved to brush her upper thigh. Her pu**y clenched just from his light touch. His hand eased upwards, nearing her sex.

"Spread your legs for me, Mallory," he commanded.

She hesitated, torn between satiating the need that had arisen in her and her pride. Bolstering her will, pride won out.

"No," she said breathily.

Jake abruptly withdrew his hand. "Suit yourself," he said with a shrug. But Mallory was still burning with need, as if Jake had lit a fire within her that would not go out. His indifference toward her reaction, his coolness, only turned her on more.

I will not cave, I will not cave, she repeated to herself over and over again. He raised an imperious eyebrow at her.

"Anything you want to say?" He asked.

Yes! Touch me! She was just about to give in when the limo came to a stop.

"Too bad." Jake looked like he was suppressing a laugh, entertained by her discomfort. "We're here."

Mallory's attention was pulled away from the throbbing in her loins when the driver opened the door for her. Well, it lessened a bit at least. She blushed, sure that he could smell her wetness.

Don't be ridiculous, she admonished herself, walking as confidently as she could out onto the tarmac. Jake's arm was suddenly linked through hers, guiding her towards the private jet that was waiting for them.

Limos, Ferraris, private jets; Is there any luxury item that he doesn't own? So long as she didn't allow him to own her she would be just fine, she assured herself.

Jake took her hand, leading her carefully up the steps leading up to the jet. When they got inside, Mallory suppressed the urge to give a low whistle. There were no rows of seats in the jet, but four captain's chairs set alongside the divide between the cabin and the cockpit and two long, padded bench seats lining either side of the plane. There were two pretty hostesses there to greet them. Well, they were more than just pretty.

Of course he only employs hot women. Mallory wondered if he had had sex with either of them, and was surprised to feel jealousy shoot through her gut. She chose to ignore the sensation, telling herself that it was just a physical reaction to her nervousness; she had never flown anywhere before.

Jake seemed to notice her discomfort as he guided her to one of the bench seats before sitting down beside her. "Are you alright, Mallory?" He asked, genuinely concerned.

She took a deep breath. "Yeah," she said a bit shakily. "It's just... I've never flown before." She felt like such a peasant admitting it. Jake had probably been flying on private jets since before he could walk.

Jake touched a tender hand to her face, stroking his index finger down her cheek and the line of her jaw. Mallory felt the tension leave her as the heat between her legs returned.

Jake smiled. "I'm sure we can find a way to distract you," he said, his voice low and seductive. As he spoke, he reached around either side of her, grasping her seat belt. As he drew it around her hips, he allowed his fingers to linger against her, sending tingles across her skin. When he finally clicked the buckle together, he pulled the tongue of the belt until it was almost uncomfortably tight, pressing her into the seat, trapping her there.

"Still nervous?" He asked, kindness bleeding into his seductive tone.

"Yes," she admitted. "But not about flying."

Jake chuckled, low and rumbling. And sexy as hell. He fastened his own seat belt, his face turning more serious. He gently grasped both of her slightly shaking hands in his. "We're going to take off now. You have nothing to be afraid of, Mallory."

She swallowed and nodded, reassured by his touch and his soothing tone. This was the Jake that she actually liked, the one that she wanted to get to know better; she was still on the fence about the cocky ass**le side of him.

As the plane thundered down the runway, Mallory squeezed her eyes shut, and Jake tenderly stroked the insides of her wrists with his thumbs. The intimate contact distracted her from her fear, making it less terrifying when her stomach dropped as the jet began its ascent into the heavens.

Once they leveled out, the captain said over the intercom that it was safe for them to move around the cabin.

"Need more distracting?" Jake asked with a predatory smile. Mallory's pulse quickened under his fingers and his smile broadened. Jake signaled to the hostesses and they disappeared into a compartment at the back of the plane. "I know it's a cliche, but how would you like to become a member of the Mile High Club?"

"Ummm..." Mallory began uneasily, wanting him desperately but not wanting to admit it.

He placed a gentle finger to her lips, silencing her. "Quiet," he said sternly. "You don't want the staff to hear this, do you?"

Mallory's eyes widened, horrified at the thought. She shook her head vigorously.

Jake suddenly grasped the nape of her neck and pulled her towards him for a fierce kiss. His tongue plundered her mouth, and she tried to match his intensity, to win a little bit of control in the kiss. She twined her fingers in his hair and tugged his head back, trying to assert her dominance. But his hand moved from the back of her neck to her throat, encircling it with his large hand. He did not apply any pressure, but the vulnerable position she was in awoke something primal in her, submission to a being stronger than herself. Her hand dropped from his hair immediately, and she meekly allowed him to continue f**king her mouth with his tongue. He growled into her mouth in satisfaction, squeezing her neck slightly to reinforce who was in charge.

Then she heard the click of her seatbelt being unbuckled, and she was being pulled forward by her throat, inexorably guided to the floor where Jake forced her to her knees until she was kneeling in front of him. She looked up into his eyes, panting. They were glinting with satisfaction.

"I believe you owe me something, Mallory," he said matter-of-factly, reminding her of her promise that she had made after he had pleasured her at her house. She gulped, remembering the size of him that she had felt though his pants. Could she take that?

But then he was unbuckling his belt, unzipping his trousers. His c**k sprang free, long and hard. Her mouth watered for him, wanting to please him as he had pleased her. Without a word, she compliantly parted her lips, taking the head of him into her mouth, her tongue swirling around it. Jake's head tipped back and he groaned.

"That's it, girl," he said throatily. "Just like that."

At his praise, Mallory increased her pace, taking him deeper into her mouth, laving the length of him with her tongue in between taking him with her lips. She felt Jake's hand at the back of her head, pushing her down on his cock, dictating her rhythm. The loss of control made her wet. She moaned onto him, and his c**k twitched at the vibrations. Jake suddenly grasped her hair and roughly jerked her off of him.

"I'm going to f**k you now, Mallory," he said, his tone brooking no resistance.

Not bothering to remove his clothes in his haste to have her, Jake shoved her shoulders, making her fall onto her back on the cabin floor. She could feel the slight vibration of the jet; the sensation pervaded her pu**y, making her cl*t throb. She needed him desperately, and he obliged.

Lowering himself over her, Jake shoved up the hem of her dress and pulled her thong aside. He thrust into her in one fluid motion. Mallory cried out as he fully seated his impressive length inside of her. She had never been with anyone so well-endowed, and it took her a moment to adjust to his size.

"Relax," Jake said the command gently, stroking her hair. He paused to give her time to adjust. She melted at his tender touch, her pu**y accommodating him. Feeling her give way to him, Jake began thrusting in and out of her, taking her hard and fast. The primal nature of how he f**ked her increased Mallory's need, and her sex began to contract around him as he hit her g-spot with every thrust. Her legs began to quiver with the beginnings of her orgasm.

Without warning, Jake slapped her across the face. It wasn't particularly hard, but it stung, focusing Mallory's whole attention on him rather than the feelings pervading her body. She should be furious with him at his disrespectful treatment, but looking up into his eyes, she saw no cruelty; there was nothing there but lust. She felt a responding flare of heat deep within her.

"Wait for me," he reprimanded her. "Don't come until I say."

Mallory whined, desperate to finish but unable to defy him. Jake clamped his hand over her mouth, silencing her. "You don't want the others to hear, do you?"

She shook her head as much as she could with his hand restricting her. But staying quiet became more and more difficult, and she found that she was grateful for his hand muffling her cries.

He grunted as he thrust into her unrelentingly. Then: "Come with me, Mallory!"

With his permission, Mallory finally let herself go, her orgasm all the more intense for him making her wait. Her pu**y contracted around him over and over, milking his c**k as he emptied his hot seed into her. As the final pleasurable shiver wracked her, she came back down to earth. She was suddenly exhausted, sighing sleepily, content. Jake turned her onto her side and positioned himself behind her, holding her against him with a strong arm around her waist. She felt him tenderly kiss her hair as her eyes closed.

Mallory slept deeply for the rest of the flight.

Chapter 2

Although she was far from bored, Mallory yawned as they strolled through St. Mark's Square. Because of the time difference, they hadn't gotten to their hotel until four o'clock in the morning the night before, and having slept for most of the flight, Mallory had hardly been able to sleep once she arrived in Venice; she was far too excited.

Jake smiled at her, taking her arm with his. "As cute as you are when you're sleepy, I don't want you passing out on me today," he said, his tone colored with amusement. "C'mon, sleepy head, let's get you an espresso."

Mallory consented, having no reason to protest. In fact, the entire day that she had spent with Jake had been wonderful; she had found no reason to shoot disparaging remarks at him. He seemed elated at her wonder for the city as he shared it with her. It was almost as though he himself were seeing it with new eyes as they explored the back alleys and more heavily populated tourist sites together. Mallory couldn't suppress a smirk as she thought of their foray into a particularly shaded alley within view of the beautiful Bridge of Sighs, where Jake had shoved her up against the ancient plaster wall and kissed her thoroughly, his fingers snaking up her skirt to tease her clit. The thought of being discovered had been terrifying. And thrilling.

Now he was leading her to a quaint cafe on the edge of St. Mark's Square, where they could watch the people staring at the gorgeous cathedral opposite. The sandy-colored, domed church had four massive bronze horses prancing atop it. Pigeons - which Jake called 'vermin' - flocked around the people, landing on them as they fed the birds bread and seed. And best of all, the city had flooded the night before; shallow puddles lined the edges of the square, the reflection of the palisaded rectangular building that enclosed it mirrored in them. Mallory loved it.

She couldn't help being impressed when Jake ordered for them in Italian. "I didn't know you could speak Italian," she said, making small talk.

"You never asked," he replied. "My father required that I learn several languages so that I could conduct international business."

Mallory's interest was piqued. "How many languages do you speak?"

"Five, including English. I know Spanish, Italian, French, and just enough Mandarin to get by."

Her eyebrows rose, undeniably impressed. "I've never much had a knack for languages," she admitted. "I know a bit of Spanish, but that's it."

"Well, it's a good thing you're with me, then," he said, a bit arrogantly.

Mallory's annoyance with his cockiness suddenly came back to the fore. "Well, if I'd had any warning that I was coming to Italy, I probably would have bought a phrase book. I can read, you know. And besides," she continued, "knowing five languages is all well and good but what's the point if you never use them for anything useful?"

Jake's brow furrowed, puzzled. "What do you mean?" He asked.

Mallory rolled her eyes. Was he really going to make her come out and say it? The guy was a glutton for punishment. And we had been having such a nice day up until now, she thought a bit regretfully. But she couldn't stop herself. "You said that you learned the languages for business. But you don't actually use them for that; you don't work."

Jake looked shocked for a moment. "You think that I don't work?" His tone turned hard. "I've been working for my father since I was sixteen. I started in the copy room and had to work my way up; he never cut me any slack." His face was a bit darker now, as though remembering something unpleasant. "Never good enough," he said under his breath, as though he didn't mean to say it aloud.

But Mallory heard, and she softened toward him instantly. "I'm sorry, Jake. I just assumed-"

"Yes, you assumed," he said, his voice clipped. "Just like everyone else." He looked at her angrily now, but there was something more in his eyes. Was it disappointment? Mallory felt the need to justify her assumption.

"I'm really sorry, Jake," she said, imbuing her tone with sincerity. "I had no idea. It's just... You offered to sweep me off to Venice for a few nights; that does imply that you have a lot of free time."

He looked slightly mollified, but his usual easy smile wasn't back in place either. Mallory found that its absence made her inordinately sad. "I suppose that's understandable, then," he conceded with a sigh. "You have to know that I never do this Mallory; I never take time off work like this. Even if I'm not in my office, I'm constantly on call."

"Then why the exception this time?" Mallory asked, testing him.

"Because you resisted me," he admitted after a moment. "No woman has ever challenged me. I've told you, Mallory, I always get what I want. And I want you."

Mallory's expression hardened even as heat pooled in her belly. She couldn't help being flattered that this gorgeous man, who could have anyone he wanted, had chosen to pursue her so relentlessly. But at the same time, she was not some prize to be won. "Don't you think I should have some say in this?" She asked severely. "What about what I want?"

Jake smiled, his cocky grin sliding back into place. "But you do want me, Mallory. I think we both know that."

She snorted and threw up her hands in exasperation. "Fine," she bit out, unable to contradict him. "But this is just sex. Nothing more."

Jake's expression turned cool. "Of course not."

But as he said it, Mallory felt a sinking feeling in her stomach. Yes, the sex was amazing, and the idea of it ending bummed her out. But she found that she was growing to like spending time with Jake. Every new thing she learned about him flew in the face of all of the terrible things she had assumed about his character. Yes, he was arrogant, but it was becoming clear to her that his arrogance was a defense mechanism, a means of hiding his true feelings, his vulnerability. Mallory wondered what had made him that way. He had muttered about his father's disapproval. Was that the source of his cocky persona? She wanted to know him better, to understand the real Jake Cleary, beyond the money and the sex.

But Mallory schooled her face into an unconcerned mask, unwilling to voice her feelings when Jake so obviously wanted to keep their relationship casual.

After an uncomfortable minute, they eased back into small talk, discussing where Mallory had gone to school, her love of the beach, and her dream of becoming a teacher. Jake listened attentively, seeming genuinely interested in her modest life.

That night, as promised, Jake took her to an authentic Italian restaurant, where she had the best pasta she had ever eaten in her life. After dinner, they took a stroll, pausing on Rialto Bridge to look out at the city. It sprang up from the main canal on either side, as though the buildings were floating on the surface of the water, secured there by some ancient magic. The warm lights coming from the houses illuminated the colorful facades. The pastels reminded her of Rainbow Row in Charleston, her favorite landmark in her hometown.

Jake's arm slid around her waist and pulled her tightly to his side. He bent down to murmur in her ear. "Would you like to go back to the hotel?" There was a sexy rumble in his tone that made Mallory shiver in delight. She nodded as demurely as she could, trying to conceal her eagerness; after his teasing her cl*t as he kissed her by the Bridge of Sighs, she had been ready to jump him all day.

Minutes later, they were back in Jake's opulent suite at the Plazzina Grassi Hotel. The exterior resembled all of the other old Venetian buildings in the city, but the interior was sleek and modern. Their room was all white furniture and linens, with large mirrors on the walls making the room seem even more spacious than it was. A gracefully curving black chandelier hung from the ceiling, its darkness the one elegant contrast to the almost stark white theme of the room.

But Mallory didn't have much time to admire her surroundings. Almost as soon as the door was locked behind them, Jake was on her, tearing off her dress. He made a sound of masculine satisfaction as he took in her sheer black lace bra and panties that she had picked out for the occasion. Trying to gain the upper hand at his moment's pause, Mallory lunged at him, pushing him up against the mirrored wall as she hastily unbuttoned his shirt, longing to trace his hard muscles with her fingers once again. She felt a few seconds of triumph when she was able to actually move him by force, having taken advantage of his distraction. He looked down at her, stunned at her gumption.

In a move faster than she could see, Jake grabbed her wrist and pulled it behind her back, twisting it as he did so. With a cry, Mallory found herself forced to turn around to alleviate the pressure on her shoulder; if she didn't, he surely would have broken her arm. Then his knee hit the back of her own, and he released her wrist as she tumbled down onto the plush carpet. She tried to push herself up, but he was on her in an instant, his hand at the nape of her neck, pressing her head to the floor and holding her there. His arm snaked under her belly, pulling her upwards until she was forced into a kneeling position. With her head still pinned to the floor, her ass was flagrantly exposed.

She felt heat rush to her cheeks as she blushed crimson. But that wasn't the only part of her body that was flushed with heat. How could she be so incredibly turned on by this treatment? Wasn't this misogynistic?

"Let me up," she demanded, a bit alarmed despite her arousal. She pressed her hands to the carpet to gain some leverage, but his hand on her neck held her securely down.

There was a sudden, loud smack, quickly followed by an intense stinging sensation where her ass met her upper thighs. She gasped in shock.

"Don't move." His voice was dangerous, a razor's edge. Mallory stilled instantly. He stroked a gentle finger down the length of her spine, and she quivered beneath him.

"I told you that I always get what I want, Mallory. And what I want is control. I want you to submit to me." His voice was hard, and Mallory found herself panting at his words, her pu**y clenching involuntarily at the word "submit."

"What do you know about BDSM, Mallory?" He asked conversationally, as though she wasn't pinned down in a humiliating position.

"Not-" She stuttered. "Not much." She was familiar with the term, but she didn't know what it actually stood for. It had to do with whips and chains, she knew that much. And she had never understood how being tortured could be a turn-on.

"There are three parts to it," he lectured as he traced his fingers around the underside of her ass. She shivered at the erotic touch. "BD: Bondage and Discipline; DS: Domination and submission; and SM: Sadism and Masochism." Mallory shivered at the last, getting truly scared now.

"Are you going to beat me, Jake?" She asked, her voice tremulous.

"Not if you don't want me to," he answered. Cutting her eyes to the side, she met his gaze, seeing nothing but earnestness there. "But I've seen how you react to me, Mallory, how you react to our games, the power-play." He traced his finger up the crack of her ass, making her whimper at the intimate contact. "You can't tell me that you didn't enjoy it," he smiled predatorily.

She was suddenly acutely aware that Jake was almost a total stranger to her; he might be capable of anything. "Please, Jake" she implored. "Don't hurt me."

He stroked a tender hand down her back, calming her. But he didn't let go of her neck. "I won't hurt you. I promise you that, Mallory. BDSM play is all about trust. Do you trust me?"

"I hardly know you," she breathed.

"Then I'll earn your trust," he gave her a gentle smile. "I'm going to let you up now, Mallory. But only if you promise to stay and hear me out."

"Okay," she said meekly, totally overwhelmed by his show of dominance. And undeniably wet from his ministrations.

Jake gently guided her up by her shoulders until she was standing on unsteady legs. He took both of her hands in his, leading her to the couch and helping her sit. Mallory wanted to protest that she was perfectly capable of walking by herself, but that would have been a lie. She was so shaken, so nervous about what was about to happen to her, that her legs would barely support her.

Never letting go of her hands, Jake traced the lines on her palms soothingly, quieting her quivering. "We're just going to talk, Mallory," he assured her. "Nothing else. Not unless you say."

She nodded her understanding, finding that she trusted his word despite what she had said about hardly knowing him.

"BDSM comes in many different flavors," he began, his tone turning lecturing once again. "We already know that you enjoy being dominated and that you are turned on by a little humiliation."

Mallory opened her mouth to protest, but Jake cut her off before she could begin. "Don't deny it, Mallory. You know that what I'm saying is true; you know that you have enjoyed everything I've done to you." He reached out a hand as though he wanted to stroke her between her legs, to feel the wetness there, but Mallory balked, and he drew his hand away.

"But I don't want you to hurt me," she said softly. "That sadism stuff; I couldn't bear it."

"I'm not a sadist, Mallory," he assured her. "As I said, kink comes in many flavors, and that isn't one that I enjoy." Mallory thought that she saw something darken in his eyes, a flash of pain. But it was gone as soon as it had come, and she wasn't sure if she had imagined it.

"But," he continued, "bondage and discipline, Domination and submission: those are definitely to my taste. We already know that you enjoy submission, Mallory. And you enjoy being held down, a strong indicator that you would be receptive to bondage."

"But what about the discipline part?" She asked tremulously. "Doesn't that involve pain?"

Jake considered for a moment before answering. "There is a fine line between pleasure and pain, Mallory. An experienced Dominant knows how to hold a submissive on that line, to make the pain pleasurable." He gave a sly smile. "And I am an experienced Dom."

Mallory's breathing had turned shallow, her pupils dilated. She couldn't deny that she was intrigued by the idea, remembering her lustful reaction when Jake had slapped her. And when he had spanked her just now, reprimanding her for speaking out of turn... Discipline, she thought. She realized that the games they had been playing had all been leading up to this, to Jake revealing his true sexual preferences. And she had loved every minute of it. Hadn't she just been thinking earlier that she wanted more?

Jake was silent, giving her a few minutes to process her thoughts. When he finally spoke, his voice was low, his seductive tone barely concealing his yearning. "Are you willing to explore this with me, Mallory?"

Am I? Was she ready to give in to his world of kinky games? She thought of the dark desires he had awoken within her. "Yes," she whispered.

Chapter 3

Jake grinned, his eyes flashing intimidatingly. His hand moved from her palm to her throat, tracing his index finger from her shoulder up to her earlobe. The contact made her shiver, remembering his grasp on her neck as he had dominated her during their tryst on his jet.

"Where to begin?" He asked, his gaze thoughtful. "Have you ever been spanked before, Mallory?" He asked.

"No, she breathed, her lips parted. She had never had any sexual experiences that came close to what Jake wanted to do with her. If sex had flavors, then the only one she had ever sampled was vanilla. Heading into chocolate territory now, she thought a bit madly. Or was it Rocky Road?

Jake was suddenly grasping her hair at the scalp, tugging her inexorably forward until she was sprawled across his lap. As he had promised, the pain of it sent tingles through her, starting at her head and spreading out through her body until they reached her sex.

He shoved her legs away from the support of the couch, pulling her head downward by her hair until her toes were barely touching the ground; she was draped over his knees, her ass in the air.

"Now," he said softly. "I believe that you have been very disobedient since we met: defying me in my office; refusing to go out with me; fighting me as I tried to take you just now." His voice turned hard. "This behavior stops now."

Mallory shivered at his brash words, her pu**y contracting. She tensed, anticipating the same sting she had experienced from his earlier slap. But she jumped as he ran a gentle hand over her right cheek, then her left, stroking her until she relaxed across his lap.

"Your safe work is 'red', Mallory. If it all becomes too much, just say the word and it will all stop."

Mallory relaxed further, reassured now that she had an out, had regained some modicum of control in the situation. "Thank you," she whispered.

She could almost hear him grinning. "You're welcome, sub."

Sub. The term should have disconcerted her, but instead warmth flooded her chest at the word. He had branded her with the name, claiming her as his to do with as he wished.

His hand left her for a moment, and then it cracked down on her ass, the sound of it seeming to resound throughout the room. Pain bloomed on her right ass cheek, and she cried out. But after a few moments, heat spread out from the area of impact, pervading her pu**y and making her cl*t throb. Mallory was shocked by her visceral reaction.

She only had a second to wonder at it before his hand cracked down on her left cheek. This time she only let out a small whine, more prepared for the impact. His hand smacked down on her again and again, never hitting the same place twice. Within minutes, her ass was enflamed. But as the hits continued to rain down, she found that they hurt less and less; the stinging pain dulled to a warm glow, despite the fact that the strength of the blows had increased. Her awareness was completely focused on the throbbing of her sex, the need that had arisen in her from this humiliating treatment, from Jake's assertion of his dominance of her body.

After an interminable length of time, she had gone completely limp. The cracks of Jake's hand across her ass were silenced at her submission, satisfied that his message had been received.

Then his fingers were at her inner thighs, brushing against her sensitive skin, teasing her with his feather-light touch. Mallory let out a strangled cry that she hardly recognized as her own at the contact; it contrasted so sharply with the punishment she had just endured.

"Please," she heard herself begging. "Please, Jake. I need you to touch me."

He chuckled down at her softly. "I don't think I gave you permission to speak, sub. But since you begged so sweetly, I can't possibly deny you."

With that as her only warning, he drove two fingers into her pu**y. They slid in easily; she was so wet and ready for him. He curled his fingers inside of her, pressing them against her g-spot. She came immediately, her sex contracting around his fingers as he continued to stroke her. Just when she thought she couldn't take anymore, he withdrew them from her.

But Jake wasn't done with her yet. "Get on your hands and knees," he commanded.

Mallory complied with as much alacrity as she could manage, considering that her limbs felt like jelly. When she was situated on the plush carpet, her ass offered to him, she looked back at him over her shoulder. His eyes were filled with a hunger so intense that it made her shudder; it was as though a barely contained beast lived within him, and it was all he could do to hold it back, to keep from ravaging her. His movements carefully controlled, he shrugged off his unbuttoned shirt and unbuckled his belt, letting his trousers fall to the floor.

Mallory licked her lips as she took him in fully. He was glorious in his nakedness: his muscles were hard and defined; his demeanor radiated power; and his c**k was thick and hard for her. Kneeling behind her, he pressed himself at her entrance. She pushed back into him, desperate for him to fill her. He grabbed her hips, holding her in place. "Stay still," he ordered. Mallory whined but instinctively did as he bade her.

"Good girl," he praised her.

Mallory couldn't even begin to summon up any resentment at the diminutive expression. It felt... right for him to speak to her like that. She found herself shuddering in pleasure.

He pushed into her slowly, only pressing the head of his c**k into her sex, holding it there for a moment before languorously sliding into her to the hilt. The feeling was delicious, the need in her flaring back to life, building in intensity with every inch of him. He held himself there before grasping her waist, guiding her forward and backward, dictating her rhythm as she f**ked him.

She had absolutely no control. And she loved it.

He began pulling her onto him harder and faster, increasing her pace. She could feel her orgasm building within her, his c**k twitching, ready to come. At the last moment, he reached beneath her with one hand and pinched her hardened clit. Bright lights popped before her eyes, pleasure rushing from her pu**y to her head as she came. He emptied himself into her, branding her with his hot seed.

As her head cleared and she came back down to earth, she felt herself being lifted up, Jake carrying her to the bed. He laid her down beside him and she snuggled into his chest, breathing him in. His masculine scent was the last thing she remembered before drifting off to sleep.

Mallory awoke the next morning to find herself alone, the bed cold beside her. She felt a pang of sadness, feeling abandoned after her intense connection with Jake the night before.

So this really is just casual sex, she thought to herself, resolving not to let her emotions get involved. But how could she keep her distance after Jake had possessed her so completely; it had been such an intimate connection, giving herself over to him. It's just sex, and that's all you want from him anyway, she told herself firmly. But if that were true, then why did she feel so sad?

Forcing away her unsettling thoughts, she got up and took a shower, getting ready for the day. She had no idea where Jake was, and she told herself she didn't care; she was more than capable of exploring the city on her own.

But just as she was finishing getting dressed, the door opened and Jake stepped inside. He was holding a large garment bag, grinning. "I brought you a present," he said, evidently pleased.

What is this? Mallory thought angrily. Payment for the great sex? The idea of receiving gifts in exchange for her... services made her feel dirty.

"Jake, you shouldn't have."

"But I wanted to." He was still beaming.

"No," she said coldly. "You really shouldn't have."

He blinked, taken aback. "What's wrong?" He asked, clearly puzzled.

"What's wrong?!" Her voice was tight with anger. "Do you think you can buy me? Like some whore?"

Jake took a step back, shocked. "Whoa, Mallory," he began, alarm coloring his tone. "That's not what this is."

"What else would you call it then?" She hissed.

He took a hesitant step toward her, approaching her cautiously. "I got this for you because I wanted to. If anything, it's as much a gift for myself as it is for you."

The ice in Mallory's veins melted slightly, her interest piqued. "What do you mean?" She asked, her tone suspicious.

"Let me show you?" It came out as a question. His brow was furrowed, lines of apprehension around his eyes. Mallory couldn't stand to berate him when he showed this side of himself, reminding her of his true vulnerability. She gave him a curt nod.

Holding the clothes hanger aloft, he unzipped the garment bag and revealed what it contained: it was one of the most beautiful dresses Mallory had ever seen. It was clearly a period costume, but made to the highest quality, as though it had been brought straight out of the sixteenth century and delivered to her.

It was a gorgeous sky blue, nearly the color of her eyes. A corseted top bloomed out into a full taffeta skirt. There were four-inch thick straps holding up the corset, with large, oval turquoise stones set on the fabric. Sheer white gossamer had been used to make long, floating sleeves, fitted to the upper arm before flaring out off the elbow, the bell-shaped length of them dripping gracefully to the floor.

Mallory couldn't help gasping at the beauty of it. She wanted it dearly, but she wasn't ready to cave just yet.

"And how is this for you?" She wanted her voice to maintain a sharp edge, but it was soft, wondering.

He eyed her levelly. "I want you to wear it for me, Mallory. Nothing would please me more."

"Wear it? Through the streets of Venice? Won't that seem a tad out of place?"

Jake's wolfish grin was back in place. "Oh, we won't be strolling around the city," he said. "We're going to a ball tonight."

Mallory's stomach tightened. She had never been to a ball, unless you counted serving at Jake's soiree. Her throat went dry. "A costume ball?"

"No," Jake said, pausing to draw out the anticipation. "A fetish ball."

Mallory's jaw dropped.

The End... For now.

