Chapter 1

Mallory's blood turned to ice at the sound of Jake's voice calling out her name. Her legs no longer able to support her, she sank down onto her couch.

"Miss Williams?" The unnaturally deep, distorted voice harshly called her back to attention. "Do you understand? I will not hesitate to kill him if you don't bring me the money within the next hour."

"Please," Mallory's voice was strained. "I don't have that kind of money." What was she going to do?

"Then you'll have to figure something out," the voice said pitilessly. "I'm texting you directions to his location. Come alone, or we kill him anyway."

"Please," Mallory forced out, her tone strangled. "I'll get you whatever you want. Just don't hurt him."

"That is entirely up to you, Miss Williams." The phone went dead. Mallory was shaking so hard that the phone slipped from her fingers and clattered to the floor. It beeped three times, letting her know that she had a text. She reached down with trembling fingers and scooped it up. As promised, the kidnappers had sent her directions to where she was supposed to go.

Her first instinct was to get help, to call the police. But no, they had told her to come alone. She swallowed down the fear rising in her throat. She couldn't risk Jake.

It wouldn't take more than twenty minutes to reach his location. That gave her just under forty minutes to come up with five-hundred thousand dollars. A mad giggle escaped her. It might as well have been five-hundred million; she had just over one thousand dollars in her bank account. She raked her fingers through her hair in frustration.

What am I going to do? She wondered frantically, wracking her brain for a solution.

Then it came to her: the diamond and sapphire necklace that Jake had given her. He had said it was worth one-hundred thousand dollars. It was only a fifth of what the kidnappers asked. Could she bluff her way through it? How would they know its actual value? Mallory had never been a good liar, but she didn't have a choice. It was her best chance.

But the necklace was at Jake's house, and that was twenty minutes away. She didn't have much time. Pull it together! Mallory commanded herself sternly. She willed her legs to cease their trembling and forced herself to her feet. Adrenaline was pumping through her veins now, giving her strength. She had to move faster. Grabbing her keys from the hook at her front door, she dashed out of her house and flung herself into her old Corolla. She pushed it to its limits as she sped towards Jake's house, praying that she didn't get stopped for speeding. By some miracle, she found herself tearing down his driveway fifteen minutes later.

But she couldn't allow the staff to see her upset; they would know that something was up. She forced herself to ease her foot back off the gas pedal, nearing the manor at a more normal pace. Breathing deeply through her nose, she struggled to slow her shallow, panicked breaths. Still, she couldn't help half-jogging to the front door.

The wait between her ringing the bell and the butler arriving at the door seemed to take a lifetime. When he finally opened it for her, she tried her best to seem casual.

"Won't Jake be home soon?" She asked.

"Yes," the liveried man answered. "He should be back in an hour or so. You're more than welcome to wait for him." Thank god her presence didn't raise any suspicion; she had spent enough time here that it didn't seem odd for her to be at the house when Jake was out.

She stepped over the threshold when the man opened the door and quickly made her way to Jake's bedroom, hoping that he had stored the necklace there. Flinging the door open, she began unceremoniously ripping open drawers, throwing out their contents as the frantically searched.

Frustrated tears welled in her eyes as she realized she had torn through every drawer in the room to no avail. Jerking her fingers through her hair, she looked around wildly. Then she spotted it: a large, lidded box crafted of cherry wood sitting atop Jake's chest of drawers. Her heart sank when she saw that there was a lock on it. She vainly tried to pry it open, breaking her nails as she scrabbled at the tiny crack between the base and the lid. Finally, with a sob of frustration, she flung the box at the wall. It dented the wooden panels on impact, but there was a crunching sound that accompanied the loud bang when it hit the wall. Mallory dropped to her knees and let out a sob of relief when she saw something glinting brightly; the box had broken open. Picking it up, she threw it down to smash it against the floor, and it broke open.

She scooped up the sparkling necklace and shoved it into her purse. Then she fled the room, taking the stairs two at a time as she headed for the corridor that would lead her out of the house. She checked her watch; she only had twenty-five minutes to get to Jake. Struggling to still her heaving chest, she headed for the door as slowly as she could force herself to.

The butler looked at her quizzically as she neared the exit. "Miss Williams?" He asked.

Mallory turned, not knowing what to say. "Um..." She began. "I forgot something at my house." She didn't have time for this conversation! Her car would barely make it to Jake in time.

An idea sprang to mind. "Do you think I could borrow the Jaguar?" She asked quickly.

The butler's eyebrows rose. "I can get Thomas to drive-" He began, but Mallory cut him off.

"I'd really like to take it out myself. I'm sure Jake wouldn't mind." She had no idea if Jake would mind under normal circumstances, but considering their predicament, she was sure that he wouldn't be too mad.

The man seemed torn, not wanting to deny her, but clearly worried that he would get in trouble for it. Finally, he sighed. "I'll get you the keys."

Relief washed over Mallory, and she found herself impatiently bouncing in on the balls of her feet once he left to get the keys for her. As soon as they were in her hands, she said a quick, "thank you," and was out the door. She half-ran to the old carriage house that served as Jake's garage. When she was finally in the driver's seat, she cranked the ignition, the car letting out a satisfying roar as it came to life.

And then she was tearing down the drive again, headed for the highway. She tried her best to swallow her panic down as she raced towards Jake, slowing only when she glanced at the directions that the kidnappers had sent her.

I don't know what I'll do if anything happens to him, she thought desperately. I can't let anything happen to him.

In that moment, she realized the depth of her feelings for Jake. I love him, she thought in wonder. She had never really been in love before him. He had opened a whole new world to her, and her life was better for having him in it; she couldn't imagine her life without him now. She was wracked by guilt as she thought of how she had hurt him the last time she had seen him, refusing his offer to collar her. But now she would do anything to erase what she had done. She hadn't wanted to be owned, but now she saw that Jake already possessed her heart.

And why was she realizing this just now, when it might be too late? What if the kidnappers had already killed him? What if they realized that the necklace wasn't worth what she claimed it was? But there was nothing else she could do; she couldn't abandon Jake. She knew that a part of her would die along with him.

Following the directions that had been texted to her, Mallory pulled off of the highway onto an old dirt road that was barely discernible. She plowed ahead regardless. Someone had clearly already driven through here, breaking through the brush that would have otherwise destroyed the Jag.

A few miles later, she arrived at an old shack, a moonshine distillery that had clearly been abandoned for some time. The sun-bleached grey wood was rotted, and the tin roof was rusted a reddish-brown color. Mallory shivered as it reminded her of dried blood. Dark was falling now, and she had to pick her way carefully through the brush that had grown up around the building.

Suddenly, a strong arm snaked around her waist, pulling her back up against a hard torso. Mallory's scream cut through the silence of the wood. There was something cold and sharp at her throat.

"No one can hear you, bitch," said a soft, cold voice in her ear.

Her heart was in her throat, beating wildly. "Please," she whispered. "I have your money. Please let Jake go."

But the man just chuckled, his breath hot on her neck. The knife moved away from her vulnerable throat. But Mallory didn't have time to breathe a sigh of relief; it had only been moved to press against her ribs. She was trembling now.

"Move," the voice commanded, increasing the pressure of the knife. An involuntary whine escaped Mallory as terror washed over her. She did as he bade her, moving slowly as the man kept a grip on her shoulder while he prodded her forward, his restraining hand keeping her from running.

When they reached the door to the shack, he called out: "I've got her. Open up."

The door creaked open, and Mallory gasped when she saw who was standing in the threshold.

"Got you, bitch," Celeste smiled triumphantly.

Chapter 2

Mallory was shocked, dumbstruck. Celeste stepped out of the way, and the man prodded her forward into the shack, the tip of the knife pressing through her thin dress, cutting shallowly into her skin. She hissed in pain and quickly walked through the door. He guided her to a rusty metal chair in the center of the otherwise empty room and shoved her roughly down onto it. She heaved a sigh of relief as the knife was drawn away from her, but the man had only released her momentarily. His hands were around her arms, jerking them behind her and securing her wrists together with a cable tie. He pulled it so tightly that the hard plastic bit into her skin. She winced, but didn't allow herself to make any other show of discomfort; she wouldn't give Celeste the satisfaction.

The bitch was looking down at her now, her face twisted into a leer.

"Where's Jake?" Mallory asked, suddenly panicking as she realized that he was nowhere in sight. "What have you done to him?" She felt sick as a series of gruesome images flashed before her eyes, images of Jake, broken and dead. No, they couldn't have killed him; she had brought them the ransom within the timeframe that they had demanded.

"I brought you what you asked for," she said desperately. "Please. Wherever he is, let him go."

Celeste laughed, a cold, cutting sound. "You really aren't the sharpest tool in the shed, are you? Honestly, I don't know what he sees in you."

"Where is he?" Mallory demanded, trying to match Celeste's cold tone.

"He's probably just landing at Charleston airport," she answered coolly.

"You're lying to me," Mallory insisted. "I heard him."

Celeste's smile widened. "Did you now? Did it sound something like this?" She pulled something small and black from her jeans pocket and pressed a button on the side.

"Mallory!" Jake's voice groaned.

"It's from the tape, you stupid bitch," Celeste explained, gloating. "Of course I had a backup. Did you really believe that I would have given the only copy to Charlie here?"

Mallory was stunned, at a loss for words. God, she really was an idiot. She had walked right into Celeste's clawed clutches. Her cheeks heated in shame and anger, and she pulled at her restraints. She was only rewarded by the bite of the plastic as it tore her delicate skin.

"So what is it that you want, Celeste?" She spat out. "Do you think that getting rid of me would possibly make Jake fall for you? I know you want him, you gold-digging whore."

Celeste moved so quickly that her arm was a blur. Her hand cracked across Mallory's face, her long nails raking across her skin. She felt the skin tear on the inside of her cheek and tasted blood. Her head spun so hard that she felt sick for a moment.

"How dare you?!" Celeste asked angrily. "We both know that you're the money-grubbing slut here, waitress!" She pinched the bridge of her nose and closed her eyes, making a visible effort to calm herself. When she opened them again, she was glaring at Mallory. "But now thanks to you I'll never have him. So I'll have to settle for his money. I'm going to get rich and then get so far away from here that they'll never find me. No way am I going to jail."

Mallory breathed a small sigh of relief. Maybe Celeste would just take the necklace and let her go. "I brought your money, if that's what it you want. It's in my purse."

Celeste raised an eyebrow. "And where did you come up with five-hundred thousand dollars?" She asked even as she rummaged through Mallory's purse, which was still strapped over her shoulder. Mallory wanted to reach out and slap her across the face, to wipe that smug smile away, but her restraints stopped her short. Her hands curled to fists, her nails digging into her palms.

Celeste's eyes widened when she pulled the necklace out of the bag, and she lifted it up to the light of the spare bulb hanging from the ceiling. She eyed it covetously as it sparkled, throwing back little stars onto her face where the diamonds reflected the light.

"Well, this is a pleasant surprise," she breathed. She looked up at Charlie, who was staring at her illuminated visage like she was the most beautiful thing in the world. "Help me put it on, dear?" She asked, her tone sweet but her eyes cold. He rushed to comply, his fingers lingering at her neck as he clasped it at her nape. Mallory's blood boiled at the sight of it on Celeste; she wanted to strangle the bitch with it.

"Until we get you a real collar," Jake had said. It was more than just a pretty piece of jewelry; it was a symbol of his affection for her. Mallory yearned to have it back. But she bit her tongue and schooled her features to an unconcerned mask. No way was she going to give Celeste the pleasure of seeing her upset.

The blonde ran her long-nailed fingers over the jewels. "Thanks," she gloated. "But I want a tad bit more than this prize." She turned her attention back to Charlie. "He should be back by now. I think it's time to call Jake."

Smiling, she advanced on Mallory. When she had reached her, she gripped her hair at her scalp and wrenched her head back. "I think we need to add a touch of drama to this. He may care for you, but how much are you worth to him, waitress? You're going to beg for him to save you," she whispered evilly.

No way. Mallory refused to give this bitch anything she wanted. She pinned Celeste with a stony stare, but said nothing. The blonde looked into her eyes and saw the resistance there. Never letting go of Mallory, she reached her hand out to Charlie.

"The knife, please," she said crisply.

Mallory felt a flutter of fear as she eyed the glinting blade in Celeste's pale hand. But she wasn't going to give in to threats.

"Make the call," Celeste ordered in a clipped tone.

Charlie fished Mallory's phone out of her purse and then straightened. It took him a moment to scroll through her contacts, and then he dialed. Mallory could hear the phone ringing; he had left it on speakerphone.

It rang once.

"Mallory," Jake's voice was warm, clearly pleased that she had called so soon after he arrived home.

Charlie held the voice distorter up to his lips. "Jake Cleary?" He asked.

There was a moment of shocked silence. Then: "Yes?" His tone was apprehensive.

"I want one-hundred million dollars, or I will kill Mallory Williams."

Mallory's eyes bulged. One-hundred million?! God, what a fool she had been for thinking that they would be satisfied with five-hundred thousand.

"What?" Jake's voice was quiet, strained.

"You heard me, Cleary. Transfer one-hundred million to my offshore account within the next hour or I'll kill her. Slowly."

"That's your cue," Celeste hissed at her, giving a sharp tug on her hair. Mallory just glared at her, refusing to play her game.

The bitch smiled. She placed the point of the knife on Mallory's upper arm. "Beg," she whispered.

No. She had to be bluffing. She had to-

Mallory's scream echoed around the small shack as cutting pain ripped through her. Celeste had plunged the blade an inch into her arm.

"Mallory!" She heard Jake shout her name.

"Beg," Celeste hissed, wiggling the blade, tearing at Mallory's muscle.

She couldn't take it. "Jake!" She screamed as Celeste jerked the blade out, further slicing her skin.

She heard him shout her name again, but it sounded as though it was coming to her through a long tunnel. Her eyes honed in on the warm, red blood oozing from the deep cut on her arm. She was starting to feel light-headed; she was going into shock. She was vaguely aware of Charlie giving the details of the money transfer, of Jake hastily agreeing to the terms. But they wouldn't divulge their location until they had gotten the money and gotten as far away from Mallory's location as possible.

Mallory had no idea how much time had passed; she was lost in a world of pain. And self-loathing. She couldn't believe that she had been so stupid. She had just walked right into Celeste's trap, driven there by blind panic for Jake's safety. If she had stopped to think for even one minute, it would have been obvious that it was a ruse.

She was jolted out of her reverie by Celeste's voice. "What was that? Did you hear that?" Her tone was high and nervous. "Get her up," she gestured at Charlie. "We might need to run."

The tie binding Mallory's wrists together was suddenly severed, freeing her arms. But the coolness of the blade was back at her throat once again as she was wrenched to her feet, Charlie's strong hand gripping her injured upper arm, holding her against him. Mallory gave a small cry as his palm pressed harshly against her wound.

Then she jumped at a sudden bang as the door was kicked in. Jake was illuminated by the dim light of the room, his harsh expression made even more fearsome by the shadows that fell under his brows, hooding his eyes. He was glorious in his rage. And he was pointing a gun directly at Celeste's icy heart.

Chapter 3

Jake's brows rose in slight surprise as he recognized Mallory's kidnapper. "Celeste," his tone was clipped. "What the f**k are you doing?"

"Lower your gun, or he'll slit her throat," Celeste's voice was a hiss, but it was colored with alarm. Her eyes were locked on Jake's gun. Charlie's grip on Mallory's injured arm increased, and she gave an involuntary whine of pain.

Jake took a step forward, his expression enraged. He didn't lower the gun. "Let her go, Celeste."

"No!" Her voice was high and panicked now. "We're going to leave here now, Jake. You're going to give me my money, and then you'll get her back. But if you don't play by my rules, Charlie will kill her."

Jake hesitated, unmoving. "I'll give you five minutes to leave Mallory and walk out of here, Celeste." His voice was cold and merciless. "The police are on their way. You had better run, or you'll be going to jail for a very long time. I promise you that."

"You're bluffing," Charlie snarled as he pressed the knife into Mallory's throat, breaking the skin. She stilled, hardly daring to breathe.

Jake growled and cocked the gun. Celeste shot him a cold smile.

"You won't do it, Jake," she said assuredly. "You care more about her than you do about getting revenge on me. You're going to let us leave now. And she's coming with us. I won't let her go until I get my money. I'm not going to jail, Jake. I won't."

Celeste and Charlie began slowly backing towards the back door, dragging Mallory along with them. She wanted to struggle, to fight her way free, but she didn't dare try anything while the blade was pressed to her throat.

"I'm so sorry, Jake," she whispered, hating herself for being so stupid and putting him in this position.

His expression was anguished. "I won't let them hurt you, Mallory," he promised.

"I won't hurt her if you let us get out of here. Don't follow us," Celeste commanded. "We'll be in touch when you're allowed to come get her. And I'll be long gone by then." She smiled triumphantly.

Charlie shot her a quizzical look. "You mean 'we,' don't you, my love?" He asked, anxious.

"Of course, dear," she answered absently. Mallory felt Charlie heave a sigh of relief, but she could tell from Celeste's contemptuous expression that she planned to leave him behind, to leave him holding the bag for her crimes.

"She's lying," Mallory gasped out. "Listen to me, Charlie," she said desperately. "She's going to leave you."

"Shut up, bitch," Charlie ordered, pressing his thumb into her wound. Mallory couldn't hold back a small scream. As angry as she was at herself, it was nothing compared to her hatred for Charlie and Celeste.

"Don't hurt her!" Jake barked, furious, but desperation laced his tone.

Celeste was smiling at him icily, her hand on the doorknob now. "Oh I won't. Much. But the longer you wait to give me what I want, the worse things will go for her. I don't think you'll like her so much if I mess up her pretty face." She blew him a little kiss. "Goodbye, Jake."

But then Mallory heard one of the sweetest sounds she had ever heard in her life: police sirens in the distance, growing louder with every second. Jake smiled cruelly back at Celeste. "Did you really think I was bluffing? I gave you your chance, Celeste. Now you're going to pay."

"Celeste!" Charlie cried in a panic. "We have to run!"

In his hurry to get away, the knife eased away from Mallory's throat with his distraction. Seizing her opportunity, she brought her elbow back hard, driving it into his stomach. Although he was fairly fit, he hadn't tensed his abs to protect himself. She heard all of the wind rush out of him as he doubled over, releasing her as he clutched at his stomach.

Mallory tried to dart away from him, but he was on her in an instant, knocking her to the floor with a snarl. He turned her over roughly, and she watched as he raised the knife high, ready to plunge it into her heart. She felt strangely detached as she watched it descend, as though this were happening to someone else.

There was a sudden howl of rage, and Charlie's weight was lifted from her as Jake's body collided with his. She watched in horror for a moment as the men grappled, the knife flashing silver between them. But she breathed a sigh of relief as Jake squeezed Charlie's wrist hard, and the blade clattered to the floor as he cried out in pain. Jake was holding his gun to Charlie's head, and the man stilled beneath him.

Out of the corner of her eye, Mallory saw a streak of platinum blonde hair swinging out of sight as Celeste darted out the back door. Jake could clearly handle himself without her help, and there was no way that she was going to let the bitch get away. The police might have arrived, but it wouldn't be difficult for Celeste to lose herself in the vast wood.

The sirens had almost reached them as Mallory ran out into the night, momentarily blind as her eyes adjusted to the blackness. But she could hear Celeste crashing through the underbrush, and she followed the sound. The forest began to materialize around her as the world turned from black to darkest blue, the tress dark shadows around her. She could see a bright point of light ahead of her where the moonlight shone down to illuminate Celeste's blonde hair.

"Got you, bitch," she whispered as she raced toward her.

Celeste suddenly stumbled and fell to the ground, crying out as fallen tree limbs broke her fall, scraping against her pale skin.

You think that hurts, bitch? Mallory thought savagely. I'll show you pain.

Adrenaline coursed through her, giving her the speed and agility she needed to catch up to Celeste before she could pick herself up again. When she reached her, Mallory flung herself atop the blonde, her knees on either side of her bony hips, trapping her beneath her. Mallory could see the whites of her widened eyes.

"Don't hurt me!" Celeste's voice was high and tight with fear.

Mallory smiled evilly down at her. "Beg, bitch," she ordered in a mocking tone.

"Please," Celeste said in a strangled whisper. "Let me go!" The last was a broken sob.

Mallory cocked her head at her, as though considering. "No," she said softly, pitilessly. "I don't think I will." She grinned madly, vengeance filling her heart. "How about we mess up that pretty face of yours?"

Celeste whimpered beneath her. "Please! I'll give you anything you want!"

"I want you to hurt," Mallory replied viciously. Then she drew her fist back before swinging it down to connect with Celeste's perfectly aquiline nose. There was a sickening crunching sound as it broke under her knuckles, but all Mallory felt was a surge of vindictive pleasure. This woman had tried to ruin her life, had threatened to kill her. She deserved to pay.

Mallory drew her fist back again, ignoring the pain in her hand. But a strong hand was around her wrist, restraining her. She jerked her arm, barely aware of the wrenching pain as she pulled at her wound.

"That's enough, Mallory," Jake's voice ordered softly. Mallory wanted to continue, but she couldn't resist Jake's command. The tension left her muscles, and she felt him grip her waist, lifting her up so that she was standing. Celeste stayed down, groaning.

Spinning her around, he pulled her into a tight embrace.

"But she deserves it," Mallory whispered. "She threatened to kill you. And she hurt me."

"I know she deserves it," Jake's voice was hard, his anger barely contained. "But I don't want you charged with assault."

Mallory clung to him, suddenly overwhelmed by everything that had happened. The adrenaline had run its course, and her legs suddenly felt like jelly. Jake lifted her up in his arms as her legs gave out beneath her. As he did so, he bumped up against her wounded arm, and she let out a small whimper. He growled in fury as he felt the wetness of her blood against him.

"On second thought," he said, his voice tight. "Maybe I should have let you strangle the bitch." He took a deep breath, visibly calming himself. "Come on, let's get you patched up."

The sounds of several people crunching through dried leaves filled the silence around them. "She's over here," Jake called out to the police.

An officer with a flashlight was at their side within a minute. He looked down at Celeste where she was moaning on the forest floor. "What happened to her?" He asked suspiciously.

"She fell," Jake said harshly, his tone brooking no argument.

The officer met his hard eyes. "Right," he said after a moment. He eyed Mallory. "Is she alright?"

"No," Jake said, anger leaking into his tone. "She needs to see a doctor."

The policeman gestured towards the cabin. "There's an ambulance waiting over there."

"Thank you," Jake said simply before turning and heading quickly back towards the shack.

"How did you find me?" Mallory asked in a small voice.

"The Jag has GPS." He gave her a small smile. "Thank god you took it."

Mallory blushed slightly. "Sorry about that," she said, feeling guilty.

"Not at all," he replied, amused. "Please feel free to steal my cars anytime."

Chapter 4

Mallory was feeling a little fuzzy as Jake tucked her into his enormous bed. The doctors had stitched up her arm and then had given her the most fabulous painkillers before letting her leave the hospital. She could hardly feel any discomfort at all anymore, just a dull, gently throbbing ache in her torn muscles. She had light scratches down her cheek from Celeste's claws and a small cut at her throat where Charlie's knife had bitten into her skin. But those would heal within a week or so. Her arm would take considerably longer to knit back together. Hence she had been sent home with a large bottle of these lovely pills.

Well, she wasn't actually at her apartment; she was at Jake's house. But she found that she felt at home with him. She gave a little contented sigh, feeling like she was floating on Jake's soft mattress. He settled down beside her and shaped his hard body around hers, as though he couldn't get close enough to her. Mallory breathed in his masculine scent and closed her eyes in rapture.

"Jake," she mumbled his name sleepily. Shoving back the fog in her brain, she tried for a more normal tone. "I've been thinking."

He tenderly stroked her hair back from her face. "Shhh," he said. "You just go to sleep, Mallory," he ordered gently.

"No," she said as staunchly as she could manage. She wouldn't give into his commands this time; this was too important, and she felt that she needed to say it now, to let him know how she felt.

"I want you to collar me." Her voice was clear and she looked him directly in the eye.

Jake's brows rose in surprise. "Mallory," he said gently. "We should talk about this later." But she could see the yearning in his eyes.

"No," she said again. "Jake, they only caught me because I went there to save you. I thought that they were going to kill you." She gave a little shudder. "I couldn't bear the thought of my life without you in it, and if you need to collar me to have that, then that's what I want to do."

"Mallory," he said a bit harshly. "I don't want to collar you because you feel manipulated into it."

"But I don't," she insisted. "I want to be yours." Then her voice went quiet. "And I want you to be mine."

Jake looked dumbstruck, as though he could hardly believe what was happening. But his expression quickly became closed. "We'll talk about this later, Mallory," he said again.

She wanted to protest, but the drugs were swirling in her brain. She had fought it for as long as she could, but now she was being pulled under.

"I love you, Jake," she mumbled, hardly conscious of what she was saying.

The last thing she heard before she fell asleep was his sharp intake of breath.

It had been three weeks since Mallory had been kidnapped. Thankfully, her arm was well on its way to being mended, and as she healed the nightmares became fewer and farther between. She had awoken in a cold sweat more times than she could recall, panicking that she was still trapped in the dilapidated shack, afraid for her life. But most often she revisited her fear for Jake when she had thought his life was in danger. Her heart would twist painfully for the moments that it took him to calm her, holding her and murmuring soft reassurances as he stroked her hair. She clung to him tightly, making sure he was real, until she finally fell back into sleep.

In her waking hours, she often felt a surge of vindictive pleasure at the thought of Celeste wearing a heinous orange jumpsuit in jail. Mallory had managed to break her nose, and there weren't any plastic surgeons in prison. And Celeste wasn't about to get out on bail after the stunt that she had pulled.

As much as Mallory was thrilled to find herself happily safe and sound with Jake, she was troubled. She had been hazy when she had first been released from the hospital, but she could still recall her insisting that Jake collar her. And that she had confessed that she loved him. He had said nothing about it since, and she was beginning to think that he might never say anything. Did he not want her in that way anymore? He had hardly touched her in the past weeks. He claimed that it was because he was waiting for her to heal, but what if he was just keeping her around out of guilt for what had happened to her?

And so today a mixture of apprehension and excitement filled her as she found herself being led into Jake's dungeon for the first time since her kidnapping. Would this be their last session together before he let her go?

As Jake led her through the door by both hands, he gently rubbed the palms of her hands with his thumbs. His brow was furrowed with concern.

"What's wrong, Mallory?" He asked earnestly, anxiously, as he sat down beside her on the huge iron bed.

"Nothing," she said as dismissively as she could, not willing to confess her concerns. She couldn't bear it if she laid bare her soul just to have him callously ignore her words again.

His eyes turned a hard, sapphire blue. He roughly grasped her hair at her nape and sharply jerked her head back, forcing her to meet his gaze. "What have I told you about lying to me, sub?" His voice was soft and dangerous.

Mallory swallowed against the sudden dryness in her throat. She couldn't deny him, not when he used that dominant tone; the submissive in her instinctively complied. "You... You haven't mentioned collaring me again," she began hesitantly. Her voice turned strangled as she fought back tears. "You've been so distant since... I'm worried that you don't want me anymore," she finally confessed in a whisper.

Jake let out a low growl, his grip on her hair turning almost painfully tight as he shook her slightly. "Do you know how hard it's been for me to resist you these past weeks?" He demanded, an angry edge to his voice. "I didn't want to hurt you, Mallory. Did you think I was lying?"

"Um," she practically squeaked under his scrutiny. "Yes."

Mercifully, his hard expression softened. "I won't ever lie to you, Mallory; a good Dom doesn't lie to his sub." His gaze turned a bit reproving. "And a good sub doesn't lie to her Master."

Mallory's jaw dropped slightly at the term "Master." Did he truly still want to possess her? A pang shot through her heart as she realized anew how badly she wanted to be his.

"I'm sorry, Sir," she said quickly, dropping her eyes as guilt shot through her. She found in that moment that she was truly bothered by his disapproval at her disobedience. Wonder at the change in her since she met him skittered across her mind; her pride never would have tolerated such demands by any other man. But she found that she didn't care. Indeed, the idea of obeying Jake lit a warm glow in her, making her pu**y throb. She blushed slightly at her reaction, keeping her eyes downcast.

Jake released her hair, but then his strong fingers were firmly gripping her chin, bringing her gaze back to his. Looking deeply into her eyes, lines of worry etched his face.

"Mallory," he said her name solemnly, his voice laced with apprehension. "You told me that you wanted me to collar you. Did you really mean it?"

Her eyes widened and she took in a sharp breath. "Yes," she answered, sincere.

Jake breathed deeply before speaking. "You have no idea how I have longed to hear you say that," he said softly, wonderingly. "But before you can accept, you need to know what it involves."

His tone turned a bit brusque, business-like. "A collar is a serious commitment, a symbol that you belong to me. I will demand your complete obedience, and you will be punished if you defy me. Do you understand that, Mallory?"

"Yes..." she said, a bit hesitantly. "But only in the bedroom," she said staunchly. Then her eyes sparkled playfully. "Or in the dungeon."

He grinned roguishly. "Or wherever I want to take you." His voice turned more serious. "But I would never expect you to be my submissive outside of our sexual relationship." He tenderly cupped her face. "I want you to challenge me, Mallory. I love your spirit and your fire. I would never make any demands of you that you weren't comfortable with. Do you trust me?"

She thought of how he had so skillfully seduced her, never pushing her further than she could handle. "Yes," she breathed. "Unequivocally."

He ran a gentle thumb over her cheekbone. "I need one final test before I can collar you," he said softly. "Do you remember your safe words?"

A tremor ran through Mallory. What did he have planned? Not trusting her voice, she simply gave him a shaky nod. The corners of his lips quirked up in a pleased smile, but there was a hint of cruelty to the twist of it. Mallory shuddered, but she wasn't sure if it was from fear or pleasurable anticipation.

Standing abruptly, Jake took her by the hand and yanked her up with him, all gentleness gone. He grabbed the hem of her dress and roughly pulled it up over her head before reaching around her to swiftly unclasp her bra. Her ni**les pebbled in the suddenly cool air, and her cheeks heated as he exposed her so efficiently, almost impersonally. He pulled her panties down, and she compliantly stepped out of them, kicking off her sandals at the same time.

Then Jake strode across the room at a quick pace. His strong fingers were curled around her forearm, and he half-dragged her to the corner of the room. A pair of leather cuffs dangled from a chain directly above her head. Mallory tried to swallow back her rising fear as he jerked her arms straight up over her head until they were fully extended.

"Don't move." His voice was harsh, commanding. Mallory stood still as a statue, her muscles tensed. He grabbed her wrist, his towering height making it easy for him to reach the cuffs. He swiftly encircled one wrist in a cuff and then the other, bucking them tightly. A pleasurable shudder rippled through her at the feeling of being restrained, of being completely bared for him, at his mercy. And she prayed that he would be merciful; she had no idea what he had planned.

There was a clanking sound behind her, and she felt herself being inexorably pulled upward, her body being stretched taut as she was forced onto her tiptoes. The pulling on her wrists was a bit uncomfortable, but the cuffs were lined with soft cloth, so the feeling wasn't unbearable. So long as she didn't drop back on her heels.

She jerked at the sudden contact of Jake's gentle hand stroking down her spine. His breath was hot on her neck as he whispered in her ear. "I need you to prove that you trust me, and that I can trust you. Remember your safe words, Mallory."

Why did he keep repeating that?

There was a coolness on her skin as his warmth left her, and she shivered. For a moment, there was nothing. Then, a whooshing sound cut through the air. It seemed to last an eternity before the single-tail whip flicked across her ass. The sound of it hitting her was barely perceptible, but she hissed in a sharp breath at the sting, more intense than any spanking or even the flogger; the zap was concentrated, a small but powerful lick of pain. Before she could fully process it, the whip whispered through the air again, and she couldn't hold back an answering cry of pain as it made contact with her right leg. If the pain on her ass had been intense, it was magnified threefold when it hit the sensitive skin of her upper thigh. Despite her cries, the tail of the whip continued to relentlessly lick at her legs in an unpredictable rhythm, never falling into a discernible pattern. Every hit was a small line of fire.

Tears began to roll down her cheeks. Why didn't he stop? He had always been so in tune with her needs before. Couldn't he see that she had reached her limit?

"Remember your safe words, Mallory."

She understood: he needed her to communicate with him, to tell him that she couldn't take any more. He had to trust her to use her safe words, and she had to trust him to stop.

"Red!" She cried out in her moment of realization.

The hits stopped immediately, and she let out a sob of relief. She heard the whip clatter to the floor behind her, and Jake was instantly in front of her, his arms encircling her. He ran a gentle hand down her back.

"Good girl," he murmured, over and over again until her sniffling ceased.

He pulled back from her after a moment, tenderly wiping the tears from her cheeks. "Do you understand now, Mallory?" He asked softly. "I own your body, but you ultimately hold all of the power."

The idea warmed her; she had never thought of it that way. But now it was so obvious. She nodded firmly, no longer trembling.

He smiled approvingly and then ran his hands slowly up her arms. When they reached her wrists, he released her from her cuffs. She stumbled a bit as she fell back onto her heels, and he caught her in his strong arms. But rather than helping her stand upright, he gently lowered her to the floor, until she was on her knees. He released her and stood, looking down at her with warm approval. And she gazed up at him, totally lost in the moment; it felt so right to be at his feet, demonstrating her full submission.

Jake reached into his pocket, and her eyes locked on the object in his hand: her collar. It was black, a thin band of leather that dipped down to a graceful point where it would rest at the hollow of her throat. A small silver ring hung from the center. It jangled melodically as Jake held the collar out to her, allowing her to examine it.

"It's beautiful," she breathed as she ran tentative fingers over the sleek leather.

Jake grinned. "Then it suits you perfectly."

She flushed in pleasure at the compliment.

His expression turned serious, his dark blue eyes locking her in place. "Do you agree to be my submissive, Mallory? To obey me completely? And to accept any pleasure or pain that I choose to give you?"

She wanted to belong to him more fiercely that she had ever wanted anything. And now she knew that in being his collared submissive, he would belong to her as well. "Yes," she breathed, caught up in his intense gaze.

"Lift up your hair," he ordered.

She gathered up her thick locks, twisting them into a ponytail and then holding her hair to the back of her head with both hands, exposing her neck. He reached forward slowly, both of them savoring the moment as the cool leather encircled her neck. He secured it by pushing a metal hook through a hole at the back of the collar. Then he reached into his pocked again and pulled out something small and silver: a tiny, delicate padlock. She was mesmerized by it, licking her lips unconsciously as it glinted in the dim light of the room. His hands were at her nape, and there was a small, satisfying snick as the padlock locked around the metal hook, ensuring that the collar was securely fastened around her neck. A shiver ran through her at the sound, her ni**les hardening and her cl*t throbbing.

Jake traced the line of the collar with gentle fingers, sending pleasure rippling across her skin at the contact. He pulled his hands back from her slowly, reluctantly, before turning sharply away from her.

"Come," he ordered simply, taking a step towards the bed.

With difficulty, Mallory scrambled to her feet. Jake glanced back at her, his hard gaze freezing her in place. "I didn't say you could stand," he reprimanded her. "Crawl."

Mallory's mouth opened and closed a few times, but her flare of pride was quelled by his reproving stare, one eyebrow quirked expectantly. Swallowing, she dropped to her hands and knees. He turned away from her again and continued his progress across the room, expecting her to follow. Despite the fact that this humiliating situation grated on her, she couldn't deny the growing wetness between her legs as she crawled after him.

When she finally reached the edge of the bed, Jake roughly grabbed her by her h*ps and threw her onto the mattress. She lay on her back, panting in need as she looked up at him. Hastily, as though he couldn't do it fast enough, Jake began unbuttoning his collared shirt, roughly pulling it off before unzipping his slacks. Mallory licked her lips as she took in his glorious physique: his corded arms, the hard planes of his chest, and the dusky trail of hair leading down to his impressive cock. When she finally met his gaze, she was startled to see that he studied her hungrily; there was a need in his eyes that answered her own.

Despite the heat that she saw there, when he spoke, his voice was cold. "On your hands and knees, sub," he ordered.

She obeyed with alacrity, arching her back and offering herself to him. Without any warning or preparation, he drove into her, his thick c**k sliding easily into her wet pu**y. She cried out in shock and pleasure at the sudden intrusion. But he gave her no time to adjust, to prepare herself. His hand came down sharply on her ass as he thrust into her, and her sex answered by contracting around him. She let out a small whimper in reaction, completely overwhelmed by his rough handling of her body.

Never slowing his hard, fast rhythm, Jake bent forward over her and slid his fingers under her collar at her nape, pulling it back slightly in time with his thrusts. The sudden tightness of the collar restricted her breathing, and she soon became light-headed from more than just the pleasure pervading her body.

Then his free hand was at her dark hole, his large index finger pressing against it. Slowly increasing the pressure, he worked his finger inside, pumping in and out shallowly at first, but inexorably going deeper and deeper. Mallory mewled at the intrusion. The sensations in her ass were undeniably pleasurable, but it was the penetration of both of her holes that made her pu**y clench in delight as Jake physically declared his ownership of all of her body.

Her orgasm was swiftly building within her, and Jake's hand firmly grasped the back of her collar, his fist tightening as he neared his own release.

"Wait, sub," he ordered through gritted teeth. "Wait..." He slammed his c**k and his finger into her at the same time. "Now!" He groaned. Mallory exploded around him, milking his c**k as he emptied his hot seed into her. He released her collar at the same time, and the rush of oxygen back to her head made her eyes roll back in bliss as she rode the high, her entire body trembling, tingling as she floated into blackness.

She didn't know how much time passed until she came back to reality. She could feel his hard body pressed against her br**sts, their legs intertwined. Her eyes fluttered open, and her vision was filled with Jake's smiling visage.

"Welcome back, sub," he said, clearly pleased with her visceral reaction to his thorough f**king. Her entire body felt light, and she was more content than she could ever remember being in her life.

"Thank you, Master," she said, the term coming to her lips naturally.

Jake's smile widened to a grin, his eyes glowing. "I love you, Mallory Williams," he said earnestly.

Joy bloomed within her as an answering grin spread across her face. Then she said something that she never would have imagined herself saying as she had first driven up to his plantation on that fateful first evening: "I love you too, Jake Cleary."

He hooked his index finger through the ring at the front of her collar, pulling her sharply towards him so that he could crush his lips to hers. She sighed into him as he kissed her fiercely, branding her as his for forever.

The End

