I wiped down the table, sighing. It was 9:30 p.m., and the bar was empty save for the drunk old guy who came in as usual on a Tuesday night.

This job sucks and so does the economy. This is what I get for being responsible, getting a college degree and going on to grad school.

I rolled my eyes, pushing my usual negativity from my mind. At twenty-four I felt washed up. Nearly done with an M. F. A. in writing and no permanent jobs on the horizon. Pittsburgh was getting hip again, but the jobs weren't coming along with the cool new makeover the city was experiencing.

"Mel, you're closing," my boss Rick bellowed.

"Yep. I got it."

I'd already worked four hours at Gray Enterprises before I'd hit the bar. That was a job I liked-writing marketing materials for a huge company in the city-but it was temporary. My six months were almost up as an intern in a stuffy little cubbyhole in the basement. The job as a barmaid was probably here to stay.

"Good. You remember, anything funny happens, press the button or call me any time. I'll be here." I smiled as I straightened the sugar packets on a table. We served a small menu, but the kitchen had already closed for the night. Nothing funny ever had happened, but Rick Moore had a store of firearms and a few red buttons placed strategically about his place-aptly named Rick's.

"I'll be fine. Thanks."

"See ya tomorrow, Mel."

"Yes, you will," I whispered as the door chimed shut. Every night of the week I worked unless I had to study or get something school-related done. Eight to one. I couldn't believe we even stayed open till one.

I glanced over at the bartender. He yawned. "Glad I've only get another hour before I can blow this joint."

"Lucky you."

Steve was an okay kid, and by that I mean a guy right out of college who could sling drinks with the best of them. Not that there was much slinging happening on this side street in Swissvale. I finished wiping down the tables, swaying to the terrible country song on the radio-one I didn't recognize. The old drunk guy played it, but it was a change from his usual.

"I'm going to straighten up in back. I'll be done before you leave." Before I turned to head that way, the bell on the door jingled.

Lo and behold, a customer.

I glanced absentmindedly to see who it was, and my jaw dropped.

Sex in a suit came to mind as I tried to close my mouth.

That guy doesn't belong around here. Maybe he thinks he'll pick up a woman for the night here.

I smirked at the thought and left the room, adding a sway to my hips. After all, Mr. Tall, Nordic god was watching.

I rushed through the cleanup, my mind still on the Viking in the bar.

"Uh, Mel." Steve stood in the doorway to the kitchen, his thin face screwed up in confusion.

"What is it?'

"There's a guy out here wants to talk with you."

"The old drunk guy who mumbles his name?" I'd still never caught it.

"Uh, no. That business type."

My heart skittered like a mad horse. "Okay. Why?" I put down my rag and washed my hands.

"Dunno. He just said he wished to speak with you. Just like that." Steve shrugged.

"All right. His wish is my command." I smirked and sauntered out, straightening my hair as I did so.

The standard barmaid outfit Rick insisted I wear every day made me want to crawl into a hole. Complete with royal blue laced bustier and white peasant top as well as short, matching blue ruffled skirt, it was a suit you'd only find in a sleazy joint like this one. A lot of men did like it, though. So I guess it was good for business. I tugged at the skirt, wishing it didn't ride up so high.

He was sitting at the far end of the bar, away from the old drunk guy-near the door to the kitchen.

My cheeks grew warm. Had he heard the conversation?

I stopped a few feet from him, feeling awkward and exposed with my cle**age on display.

Damn you, Rick. I don't get paid nearly enough for this.

The business hottie's jacket was slung over the back of the bar chair, and his shirt was so white it nearly blinded me.

Now I know what a really expensive dress shirt looks like.

"Hello. I'm Magnus Gray." He gave me a searing stare, his blue eyes like slow-moving glaciers, shifting shades of ice and sky. His accent said he was local but wealthy and educated. Probably one of the Scots-Irish who'd live in the area for generations. But a blond like he was a rarity. Scots-German, I'd bet money.

"Melinda Louis." I clenched the edge of the bar, wondering what he wanted from me.

"You're a waitress here?" He played with his beer bottle-an expensive import, of course.

"Yes, among other things."

"I see. Would you like to have a drink with me?"

"Huh?" I'd been staring at his golden curls-waves really. One fell right over his left eye. His cheekbones were straight out of silent films and Hollywood.

"Would you like to sit down for a while?" He smiled, and one dimple popped out.

I thought I might faint, so I gripped the bar harder. "I'm sorry I can't since I'm working." I tried to smile, but my cheeks were frozen.

Snap out of it.

"That's too bad. When do you get off?"

His dimple and cheekbones had me thinking all sorts of naughty things about that question, and I nearly laughed. "I'm closing tonight, so it won't be for a while."

"Perhaps I could stick around till then." I kept my tone casual. I wanted nothing more than to do just that, but the last thing I wanted this man to think was that I was desperate or a total floozy.

"Great. I have a proposal for you. I'll talk to you when you're done." He paused. "Oh, I'm done with my drink."

I stood there for a long moment like an idiot. Then I moved toward him and reached out for the cold bottle. My skirt brushed against him, and I almost squealed when I felt his warm hand on my thigh.

I'm going to pass out. This sexy man has a hand on my leg, but for all I know, he could be a serial killer.

"Till then." He ran his hand up my leg, and our gazes locked. I had time to register that his eyes were the coldest blue I'd ever seen.

I didn't breathe, but my pu**y clenched in response.

Then I pivoted on my high heel and walked back to the kitchen. It took me a moment to catch my breath. The heat of his hand was still imprinted on my thigh.

What the hell was that about?

I moved through the rest of my shift in a dream, totally unable to look in his direction. I stayed in back as much as I dared.

"What's with you?" Steve asked as he soaped down some glasses in the sink in back.

"Nothing."

"You look...worried."

"I'm okay." I flashed a smile in his direction.

He frowned. "You sure? 'Cause I got your back if you need it."

"Nah. I'm fine."

"All right." He shrugged. "You good to close alone?"

"Yeah, great."

"I'm gonna jet then. The new Halo's out today-well, yesterday now." He grinned.

"Have fun." I waved.

"I will. Call if you need me." He raised an eyebrow.

"I'm fine. I swear."

He nodded and scooted out of the back room. The front door jingled. Steve was gone.

The question was whether Viking Romeo was still out there waiting.

Glancing at my watch, I tried to still the beating of my heart, but that was nearly impossible. 1:50 a.m. Closing was officially in ten minutes. Time to talk.

I took a deep breath, straightened my dress and hair and walked to the bar casually.

"You're still here."

"Of course." Magnus Gray smiled, and I noticed there were only two bottles in front of him. He'd sat there this whole time and not gotten stone drunk. What self-control.

I leaned against the bar, waiting for him to speak.

"I don't want to keep you from what you have to do." His voice ran over me like silk.

"You're not. At this point, I only need to lock up."

"Then please. Sit for a moment. I have a business proposal for you." He turned slightly to face me full on, and the effect was like that of a magnetic force.

I felt myself drawn to him, nothing I could do about it. He was the moon, and I was the ocean, pulsing to his pull on me. I sat down heavily on the bar stool next to him, heat creeping into my cheeks at my lack of grace.

"Okay." I didn't know what else to say. I had no earthly idea what a man like this wanted from a woman like me.

Well, I had an idea, but it didn't make sense other than in the form of a quick lay. And he could have found that anywhere with his looks. I was far from the most attractive or most polished woman on earth, and I was flat broke. Hardly a trophy for a billionaire, which I had an inkling he was.

"Melinda Louis." He spoke my name slowly, lingering over each syllable. There was something illicit in the sound, and goosebumps rose on my arms.

"Yeah, that's my name. Don't break it."

He didn't smile.

Guess he's not the joking type.

A shiver rippled through me, and I felt exposed in my barmaid costume.

"Melinda, I'd like you to come work for me."

I gaped at him and finally closed my mouth. He gauged me without flinching.

Cool as ice, this one. That's how I know he has money.

"Doing what?" I hated how stupid I sounded but he'd flabbergasted me.

"Whatever I want." He clicked his tongue in a way that sounded quite naughty.

I held my breath, all thoughts leaving my head. I might have been an imbecile for all the brain activity going on at that moment.

"Wow. Okay."

"You would, of course, have the opportunity to say no to anything that made you uncomfortable, Ms. Louis. Is it miss?" He smiled.

"Yes." I clasped my hands together tight, aware they were shaking. "But I don't see how I'm the person for the job."

"You are. I knew it before I even walked in here. I've been looking for someone like you, Linda."

The way he said the nickname made me hot all over. I remembered that it meant pretty.

"Right."

"Really." His bit his lip, his brows furrowing. "Of course, I'm sure you're waiting to hear about pay."

I nodded stupidly. That was honestly the last question I had. The whole situation was so bizarre that it defied reason.

"I'd pay you $500,000 for a one-year contract."

My breath whooshed out, and I gasped for air. I knew I must look like a fish washed up on shore, breathing its last.

"Um, I don't see how there's any honest way I'd be earning that much money."

Magnus grinned at me, his teeth impossibly white in the darkness. For the first time, I noticed a tiny scar on one cheek. I wanted to touch it, to know about it.

"Sure there is. I have need of your services, of your freshness. I've seen your writing, and you're obviously a woman of many talents. I want you to work for me personally-no more time in a basement room." His gaze raked my uniform.

My writing and where I work? How would he know about that?

I gulped. Something very strange was going on. Was he a stalker or a psycho who'd been following me around the city?

"You can think about it. I'll be back tomorrow evening to get your answer." He stood.

"What? One day to consider it?" My voice was a squeak.

"Yes, that's plenty of time. I promise you, I'm trustworthy. Here's my card, Linda." Magnus handed me a slick business card and I read it, the words hardly registering, though the cover scheme and logo was one I'd have known in my sleep:

Magnus V. Gray

CEO

Gray Enterprises

The rest went blurry. No wonder he'd looked familiar. I'd seen him on company brochures I'd worked on. He was a legend among women and worth billions. The company had been in the Burgh since the late 1800s and was one of the city's most successful enterprises, and I'd been damned proud even to intern there. It had begun in railroads and coal and moved into the financial sector in the twentieth century.

"Thanks. I'll think about it, Mr. Gray." My voice shook.

How does he know about me? Is it really from the work I've done at the company?

The thought boggled the mind.

"Call me Magnus. Please. Other questions for me? Let me walk you out." He stood and I did as well.

I took my time locking up and doing last-minute things, hoping my breathing would slow down. I felt like I might go into a panic attack.

Finally, I walked over to where Magnus Gray stood at the door.

He opened it for me, and I locked it, joining him outside in the perfect May evening.

"One more question. What will my hours be like?" I started walking toward my car, which I'd parked along a nearby city street.

Magnus chuckled softly. The sound didn't exactly instill confidence. "They'll be...flexible. There will be times you'll work harder than others. Some days you'll hardly work at all."

I stared at him, trying to decipher what his words meant.

Will I be his personal call girl?

"Umkay. So, what is the job description then?" I felt like a total idiot asking, but I had more questions than answers now.

Magnus stopped when I did, beside my beat-up car. "To wait on me and do what I ask. Nothing more, nothing less."

I shivered at how close he was to me. I was pressed against the car, somehow. I don't know how I got into that position. Magnus lifted a hand to my face and traced my jawline with a warm finger. I gaped, doing nothing to stop him.

"Well, then. That's as clear as mud." I gulped for air.

He smiled. "Think it over. Your life will change, and you're the woman I want. I'm tired of the rest who do sloppy jobs on the assignments I give them." Magnus sighed, a pained look flitting across his face. "And of course, if you do well, the contract can be for multiple years."

What the hell is going on here? There's a whole story I'm just not getting.

"Uh, okay."

Really intelligent-sounding answers.

"I do have school. I'm not done with my M. F. A., and I want to complete it."

He spread his hands. "Of course. It's been wonderful talking with you, Ms. Louis. Think about my proposal. I'll see you tomorrow in your office."

My heart jumped to my throat.

"You're..." I trailed off, at a loss for words.

"Yes, I know where you work. I'll expect your answer by 4:45 p.m. I'll see you then."

I nodded, tongue-tied again.

He watched me get into the car and start it up. When he said something, I rolled down the window. "Lock your doors. I don't like you out this late alone."

"You're not my boss yet," I said sharply.

Smiling, Magnus Gray pivoted on one heel and strode off into the night.

* * * *

I barely slept that night, though I knew what my answer would be as soon as I'd heard he wanted me for my writing.

And for what else?

I just knew there was more to it than that. I'd ask to see the contract when he came by my office. If it looked kosher, I'd quit my job at the bar and start my new life as a personal writer for Magnus V. Gray.

I pinched myself one more time and drifted off to sleep just as the sun was rising.

* * * *

My shift at Gray Enterprises was the most nerve-racking I'd ever had. Twice, I almost spilled coffee on senior writers who asked me to get them an afternoon cup.

"Sorry," I mumbled to one as I pulled down the pencil skirt I had on. I'd dressed in a red silk shirt that showed a little skin, too. Not my usual outfit but today wasn't the average day for me the intern.

"Get with it, Melinda." She frowned.

I scurried back to my desk, head down. 3:30 p.m. and no sign of the mysterious man who'd hired me.

I pushed Magnus out of my mind and worked on a brochure that was due in a few days.

"Excuse me, Ms. Louis?"

I jumped at Magnus Gray's voice. I noticed then that the basement area where I worked had gone quiet. Heat rose in my cheeks.

"Yes." I plastered what I knew must be an idiot grin on my face and waited.

"I'd like to know your answer now." He smiled, those icy blue eyes arresting my thoughts.

"Um, can I see a contract?" My voice shook. Whispers surrounded me.

"Of course. Here it is. Take your time and look it over. I'll wait."

My breath hitched.

He's really serious about this. A CEO who makes millions a year and is worth billions is waiting on me to review a contract.

Laughter bubbled up in my throat from the edge of my near hysteria. I hadn't told anyone what was going on with me-not my parents and not my best friend Kiki. She was out of town right now on vacation anyway. Probably a good thing. She was too level-headed to entertain what I was thinking of doing right now.

I read through the contract. Everything looked kosher. One year, $500,000 a year. Then I stopped at a clause about time off.

"What's the deal with this?" I asked, jabbing my finger at the paper.

"Oh, the job is...unique. Vacation is worked into it." Magnus leaned against my small desk, and I caught a whiff of an expensive, very male scent.

I scanned the document to the end. Nothing else looked off. Besides, it was only for a year. How bad could it be, working for the CEO of this company as a writer?

"The answer is yes." I put the paper on my desk, looking up at him.

The girl in the cubicle next to me poked her head above the wall.

"Then please sign and I'll do likewise. And your job begins."

I did so, my hand shaky.

Magnus took the paper from me and signed with a flourish, his gaze never leaving my face. The uneasiness I felt that the job might have more to it than writing returned.

And what if it does? The man's a god.

I felt a bit ashamed of myself for the thought.

"Follow me and you can begin."

"Right now?" I guess I'd thought I'd get a little break.

"Yes, from now till we're done."

"All right. I have a phone call to make, though." I stood up, unsteady on my feet as I grabbed my purse and a few other belongings.

"Make it on the way up to my office." Magnus whirled, and I hurried out the door behind him, the voices growing louder.

I reached the elevator right behind him just as the call went through to the bar.

"Hi, Rick. I'm quitting."

"What?" He sounded gobsmacked.

"Yeah, I'm sorry. I'll explain more later. I got something I can't pass up."

"All right, sweetie. We'll miss you. I'll get your last check together and mail it to you. Drop your keys off this week when you can."

The elevator stopped in front of us, and we got on.

"I will. Thanks for everything."

"Don't sweat it. Good luck, Mel."

"Thanks." Tears gathered in my eyes as Magnus closed the elevator door.

"I'm glad you've accepted the job, Linda," he said, calling me by the nickname he'd given me last night.

"Thanks for offering it. I'm eager to get to work." The words were mechanical, but what did one say to a man like this and a job like the one I now had...whatever it was?

"Good. When I saw some of the work you'd done for the company, I knew I wanted you to come be my direct employee."

I realized how close he was standing to me. It wasn't unpleasant.

"Oh."

"Don't you want to know why?"

I gaped at him. "Sure. Yes."

"I think your brochures are brilliant, and when I learned you'd come up with the concepts, I had to have you." His cool gaze bored into me as the elevator whizzed up.

It seemed like all the air had left the small space for a moment.

"Thanks. I don't know what to say."

"Just what you did. Always take a compliment, Linda." He brushed a hair behind my ear, and I held my breath as his warm hand touched my skin.

I smiled. "I will."

The elevator dinged all too soon. I'd wanted to feel his hands on me again.

He didn't mean to do that. It was harmless...he probably just noticed a stray hair and couldn't help himself. Most CEOs are neat freaks or at least control freaks.

I followed him off the elevator and gasped. I couldn't help myself. His office was amazing. I'd heard rumors about it, nestled at the top of the building in what looked like a glassed-in dome from the Pittsburgh city streets. All I'd heard was true...and more.

"This is..." I trailed off, unable to find the word.

"Amazing, extravagant, opulent." He smirked and led me beyond an initial, plush waiting area.

"Yes, something like that." I gasped for air as I followed his quick stride.

"Sir, would you like me to hold your calls?" An attractive, middle-aged secretary asked from the outer area.

"Yes, that would be good. Thanks, Pam."

The woman smiled, and I could tell she truly liked Magnus Gray.

Well, that's always a good sign, if an employer's well loved.

"About the office area," he broke off to open his door.

My heart was knocking around like mad as I took in the panoramic view, gleaming surfaces and space.

"Wow."

"It's not what I'd have wanted." He strode to the window, looking out. "It's all a bit robber baron, don't you think? And Pittsburgh's had enough of that."

"Perhaps, but your father must have wanted it."

Magnus frowned. "He did. He liked power. Everything else was a distant dot on the horizon to him."

I clasped my hands in the middle of the room, overwhelmed.

"You'll work right next door. There's a little office there next to my administrative assistant's office. Each has its own space, though, so you won't be bothered." Magnus smiled. "Let's get you settled."

I felt lightheaded at the pace at which this was moving.

You're corporate now, baby. This is going to be your life-for a year anyway.

He showed me into the adjoining office. It had the newest and best of everything. My pulse raced. I couldn't believe I'd be working somewhere like this.

"This is fabulous, thank you so much." I walked around the room, resisting the urge to run my fingers over everything.

"Of course. I want you to have a comfortable space to work. The intern situation downstairs is too bad, and I'm going to see to it."

I gazed at him. "Really?"

"Yes, really. My top priority is the people of this company."

"Right."

Uh huh. Don't they all say that?

But somehow I dared to hope Magnus Gray was different from the CEOs I'd seen on television bilking companies for golden parachutes after they'd already run them into the ground and taken shareholders' monies.

"You'll see." He'd moved to stand just behind my shoulder, and I shivered at the warmth of his breath.

I said nothing.

"I'll let you get to work now."

I gave him a look. "On what?"

"Whatever you'd like. You have free rein."

I gaped at him as he walked out, shutting the door quietly behind him.

When I was sure he was gone, I did a little jig there in the middle of the floor.

It was almost 5:00 p.m., though. I imagined he'd expect me to keep late hours.

I should have asked him. I could work all night if he needed me to, now that I'm not due at the bar later.

I pinched myself as I gingerly sat down in the blond leather chair.

"Oh, heavenly," I said. A new laptop and printer sat there waiting for me to use them. So I did.

A knock on the door a few minutes later brought me from my raptures of brainstorming for a new ad.

"Come in." I sat up straighter for Magnus.

Instead, an icy blonde woman who might have been his twin walked in. "Hello. Who the hell are you?"

I stammered for a moment. "I-I'm Melinda Louis, the new writer here for Mr. Gray." I clutched at my desk.

"I see. I'm his administrative assistant-Claudia Prokovich." The woman flipped her hair.

"Nice to meet you." I decided to play it friendly, though it was clear the blonde goddess had already taken a disliking to me.

"Stay off my turf." She snapped the words at me and slammed the door shut.

Okay. Apparently, she and Mr. Hotness are an item.

Disappointment rose inside me at the thought.

Time moved on, and as absorbed as I was in my work, I didn't even notice it was 7:05 p.m. A door shut softly. I waited for a moment and then gathered my stuff. Surely I'd put in a day and Mr. Gray would even be long gone or fine with me leaving.

I slicked on some fresh lip gloss on the off chance that I ran into him as I left.

Dream on.

I exited my office, a big smile on my face. What an amazing first day. On my way to the door that led out through the impressive waiting area, a sound stopped me.

Was that a sob? A man crying?

I halted, wishing I were invisible. I'd walked into something or heard something I wasn't meant to hear. I looked to my left where Magnus Gray stood, his face drawn. His stooped shoulders suggested dejection and perhaps tears, too.

Like an idiot, I stayed glued to the spot-staring.

He whirled around. "What are you looking at? You're still here?" His voice shook with anger.

"Yes, I'm sorry. I-"

"Get out of here, for God's sake. You put in a day." Magnus closed his eyes, turning back to the window.

"All right. I'll see you tomorrow." I tried to swallow my pride, but I felt like a chastened child. Working for Magnus Gray wasn't going to be all sunshine and roses.

And I was an idiot for thinking it would be. Men at the top are known for being less than warm and cuddly.

I hurried down the hall, battling back sudden tears.

As I stepped into the elevator, a voice stopped me.

"Wait. I'm sorry."

I moved back into the hallway, feeling foolish. "For what?"

Magnus Gray stood inches away from me now.

"For talking to you that way. There are...a lot of things going on right now in the business." His face was tight, grim.

I shrugged. "It's okay."

"No, it's not." He took my arm, and I couldn't breathe for a moment. "It's not at all." Magnus crushed me to him, and his lips were on mine, making a trail of fire.

He maneuvered me against the wall, one hand on my neck, the other tangled in my hair.

"Linda."

I moaned into his mouth, responding to the name on his lips. The man could kiss, and his body pressed against mine told of his need. An answering wetness between my legs made me lightheaded. All sanity had flown out the window as soon as he'd taken me into his arms-maybe even from the moment I'd seen him in the bar.

His hand ran down the nape of my neck and inside my shirt as I shivered in his arms. Our tongues danced, questing in rhythm. I inhaled his scent-clean earth and honey-an arousing combination. He was inches from touching my bra when he jerked away.

"I'm sorry. This is wrong." Magnus ran a hand through his mussed blond hair, not looking at me now. He'd put a few feet between us just like that.

I said nothing. What was there to say? What could be wrong about a god-man like him who couldn't have been a day over thirty seducing me in the hallway outside of his business suite-other than everything in the eyes of anything moral and ethical? And me an intern just a few hours ago, to boot.

I found my voice after a few more shallow breaths. "There's nothing to be sorry about."

All I wanted was to feel his hands on me again, his mouth on mine. Had I ever experienced such desperate need from a man?

Like I'm the only thing keeping him grounded.

I shook my head at the inane thought. A man like Magnus Gray definitely didn't need a virtual nobody like me, and we'd only just met. He must have a different woman in his bed every night, or he could have if he wanted one.

"There is, but I knew it would be difficult not to touch you as soon as I laid eyes on you-the woman who writes so convincingly and who makes even me believe in Gray Enterprises." His gaze locked onto mine, and I saw the sadness and hunger there.

What demons are eating him up?

The question came to mind swiftly. I was certain I was reading some deep darkness within him. His body had communicated the same to me.

"I don't know what to say."

"There's nothing to say. I'll see you tomorrow morning, Ms. Louis." He dropped his head, and I drank in his rumpled white business shirt and tie made askew from our heated moment of passion.

His usage of my last name pained me. Would I not be Linda to him anymore?

"Yes, thank you." I pivoted abruptly, unable to look into those cold blue eyes for another moment.

* * * *

That night at home I couldn't get him out of my head. I was thankful I hadn't had class tonight because my mind was stuck on one topic-Magnus Gray.

"And his hands, his mouth." I shuddered as I climbed into bed naked, finding myself wet again for the tenth time since I'd gotten home. The throbbing between my legs begged for my attention.

I thought I might die if he didn't touch me again, and my imagination had been in overdrive all evening with the ways he could do it.

Yeah, right. It was a momentary lapse of judgment on his part. Probably one of many.

Surrendering to my fantasies, I closed my eyes, picturing my sexy boss's face and how he had looked at me before he'd kissed me-those blue eyes narrowing with lust. The little pink toy I hadn't used in ages came in handy. The remembered feel of his lips pressed against mine and his hands on my skin so near my breast made me moan. My pu**y clenched, and I groaned in frustration at being in bed alone and at thinking I had a chance with Magnus Gray.

My body didn't care whether I had a chance or not. Reliving the feel of his hard c**k against my stomach when he kissed me, I exploded into a thousand pieces, crying out into the darkness of my bedroom.

"Magnus," I whispered.

My panting didn't stop for some time as my pu**y clenched over and over. I hadn't come so hard in years.

I rolled over after a while, hoping to sleep as tears spilled onto my pillow. Magnus Gray had reduced me to a lovesick fifteen-year-old in a day.

* * * *

"Ms. Louis, I'd like to see you in my office." Magnus Gray peeked into my office without knocking. His brow was furrowed.

"Now?" I dropped the pad of paper I was scrawling notes on.

"Right now."

My heart thundered as he closed the door behind him.

He's going to fire me.

Dread ran through me.

What a fool I am.

I took my time and brushed my hair and reapplied lip gloss. If I was going down, I was going to look good. And I had dressed for the occasion of seducing the boss. I wore a slightly low-cut, purple V-necked silk blouse and matching black skirt. A lacy lavender bra and panties set completed the outfit, along with garters and nude hose.

Squaring my shoulders, I made what seemed like a mile long walk to Mr. Gray's office. I knocked, half hoping he wouldn't let me in.

"Come in."

I entered, standing just inside the door.

"Lock it."

My heart leapt in anxiety.

This is going to be bad. I'll set a record for losing a job in one day.

I locked the door and slowly turned to Magnus. He'd covered the space between us, and he stood just inches from me, leaning against the doorjamb and hovering over me, leaning in to my personal space.

I couldn't breathe.

"I take back what I said last night. I don't apologize for what happened."

"Oh." My ni**les hardened under his gaze.

"When I hired you, I knew I wanted you right beside me where you would only be mine. Your writing is only one reason why I paid you so much. The other was to ensure that you would be here by me."

The possessiveness in his words made me shiver. "I see."

I felt like an idiot, but what did a woman say to something like that?

"But it isn't just about the sex or how attractive you are to me. I'm used to getting what I want." Magnus traced my jawline with a warm finger.

I closed my eyes, the room spinning slightly as I thought about sex with Magnus Gray.

"What if I don't want to go along?"

"Oh, I think you do." He let his hand lay against my neck and then trailed it inside my shirt.

I was panting now, the space between my legs wet. I wanted to squirm against his hand, to demand more.

He found my breast, slipping his hand inside my bra. Magnus teased my nipple, tweaking it and caressing it in turns as my breath came in harsh gasps.

What the hell am I doing?

I wanted to pull away, to act modest or like this isn't something I'd normally do. And it wasn't, but something about Magnus Gray held me, compelled me to let him touch me. I needed him never to stop.

"But there's one thing, Linda."

I gasped as he used the pet name again and stroked more insistently against my nipple. My cl*t tingled, and I knew I was going to come right then and there with only his hand on my breast.

"What?" I breathed the word more than spoke it, pushing my legs together to get at the buzzing point between them.

"My troubles are my own. Don't worry about them." His blond brows came together, and he glowered.

The combination of the command in his voice and the light strokes against my painfully hard nipple made me cry out. My orgasm slammed into me like a truck, and Magnus held me up in his arms as I gasped and finally sobbed. The emotions that came with the cl**ax were stronger than anything I'd ever experienced.

He ran his hand over my ass as his hard c**k pressed against my stomach. "If only I had time...maybe later. Now, get back to work."

Magnus let me go, and I stumbled out of the office, my legs shaking.

"Don't you have things to do?" Claudia asked, her perfect brows arching.

I didn't answer. I just brushed past her and ran for my office as she walked into Magnus's without knocking.

Unhappiness colored my thoughts.

She's so gorgeous. Am I really the only woman he's seducing?

I closed my office door, letting tears of confusion flood my cheeks.

The truth was I wanted him all to myself, and I planned to have him one way or the other.

