Chapter 1

It had been one week since Mallory had run away from Jake, fleeing Venice. One miserable week. She had returned to their hotel alone, hastily packing her bag before Jake could catch up with her and stop her. With difficulty, she had unlaced herself from her corset and scraped the wax off her chest and thighs with her fingernails, turning her pale skin red.

As she was half-running through the entranceway, the concierge had stopped her, telling her that a first class ticket back to Charleston had been reserved for her. Part of her was pissed, not wanting to accept anything else from Jake; he had accused her of being a "gold-digger," after all. But she reluctantly accepted, knowing that her bank account couldn't fund a last-minute flight.

And now she was back at her humble apartment, moping. At times she thought of their time together in Venice and wondered if it had all been a surreal dream. And she wished it had been a dream. Then Jake Cleary wouldn't be real, and he wouldn't have hurt her with his harsh words.

Gold-digger. Slut. Mallory tried to shake off the insults that were burned into her brain.

She knew that she should be happy, ecstatic even; after months of agonizing waiting, she had been offered a teaching job at a prestigious prep school just outside of Charleston. The pay was good, and she was thrilled to have something productive to look forward to in a month's time when term started.

Only she wasn't very thrilled. In the free time that she had before her job started, she had had nothing to occupy her thoughts but Jake: his gorgeous, easy smile, the fabulous sex, his arrogance, and his insults. Her emotions were tangled when it came to thinking about him. One moment she would yearn for his company, and the next anger would boil up in her. But the worst was when tears pricked at the corners of her eyes. At those times, her fury would be directed at herself, angry that she was allowing him to affect her so deeply. They had only known each other for a few days, for god's sake.

Two days after she had arrived back at home, Sally called her in a panic, worried because she hadn't gotten in touch after the four days that she had said she would spend in Venice. Mallory assured her that she was okay, but her voice had been hollow, dejected. Her friend had come over to her place immediately, demanding to know what was wrong. She pulled the truth from Mallory bit by bit, until she found herself shamefully sobbing on her friend's shoulder, her heart twisting painfully at the loss, at Jake's betrayal.

But now she was done crying, she told herself sternly. She had almost broken down when Jake had called her the first time. Not recognizing his number, she had answered. As soon as he said her name, her heart leapt, but she had hung up on him before his rich, deep voice could pull her in. He had called her every day since then, but she refused to answer, deleting his messages immediately; she couldn't handle hearing his voice without ripping the wound back open again.

Today Sally had taken her to Marble Stone Creamery, her favorite ice cream place. Mallory hated that she was falling back on the old cliche of eating ice cream when she was depressed over a man, but at this point she was beyond caring. They didn't leave until she had polished off an entire extra-large chocolate peanut butter explosion.

But as she stepped outside of the creamery, she spotted a sleek black Jaguar waiting by the curb. A sharply-dressed man was standing formally beside the back door. Mallory's stomach dropped as he approached her.

"Miss Williams?" He asked.

"Yes?" Her answer was questioning.

"Would you come with me please." Although it was worded as a question, his answer was a statement.

Mallory crossed her arms over her chest. "I'd rather not." She knew whose car that was, and she knew where it would take her.

"I would advise that you come along," he said, more insistently. "I've been instructed to tail you wherever you go until you agree to come with me."

Mallory was angry, but she couldn't help the flutter that stirred in her loins. Damn dominant ass**le, she thought, annoyed at her reaction. "I always get what I want, Mallory." Hadn't he told her that several times?

She gave an exasperated sigh. "I guess I don't really have much of a choice then, do I?"

The man gave her a solemn look. "No ma'am."

Mallory looked back at Sally. "Well, apparently I'm being kidnapped. I'll call you later."

Sally narrowed her eyes at the man. "You had better," she replied, a threat in her tone.

The driver opened the back door for Mallory, and she reluctantly slid onto the leather seat. As they drove through downtown Charleston, her nerves became more and more frayed. She didn't know if she could handle seeing Jake again; she was worried that she would dissolve into a puddle of tears as soon as she laid eyes on him. Taking several deep breaths, she clung tightly to her anger to hold the tears at bay.

When the car stopped fifteen agonizingly long minutes later, Mallory was surprised to find that they were parked in front of a huge office building, all blocky lines and large windows that gleamed in the sun. She had been bracing herself for the long ride to Jake's mansion, but apparently he was at work. Mallory felt a pang as she remembered his hurt look when she accused him of never working; it seemed he hadn't been lying about the time he spent at the office.

The driver opened her door for her and took her hand, helping her step out of the car. As if I couldn't manage on my own, she thought scathingly. But refusing his hand would have been rude, so she took it, her lips pressed firmly together to hold back her retort.

"This way please, Miss Williams." Releasing her hand, he walked toward the entrance to the building, and she followed him in when the glass doors slid open to admit them. Moments later, she was in the elevator, where the driver had pressed the button for the top floor.

The elevator finally stopped with a pinging noise, and Mallory stepped out. There was a large, curved desk before her with a pretty redhead sitting behind it. Another hot employee, she thought disparagingly. The woman gave her a smile and gestured down the long hallway.

"You can go right in, Miss Williams."

God, did everyone know who she was? Had Jake circulated her picture to his staff or something? She wouldn't put it past him to have had people spying on her.

The driver followed her down the hall, giving the impression of politely escorting her, but she thought of him as more of a guard, making sure that the prisoner didn't escape.

Mallory forced her heaving chest to still as her guard opened the door to Jake's office. He was sitting behind his desk, his fingers pressed together as though praying.

She couldn't help being stunned by how handsome he was; she had forgotten the effect he had on her. But there were lines of anxiety around his mouth and dark circles under his eyes. His usually perfect hair was a bit unkempt, as though he had been running his hands through it frequently in frustration. Mallory couldn't help softening towards him as she realized his obvious distress.

No, she told herself firmly. Jake Cleary is an entitled ass**le who just sent a lackey to fetch you like his dry cleaning.

"Hello, Mallory." His voice was tired, but there was a small smile playing around his mouth, and the lines of anxiety eased, as though her mere presence was melting his dark mood.

Mallory felt an answering loosening of the tension within her, not even realizing that she had held it until it was released. But she forced her voice to hone to sharpness. "What do you want, Jake?"

His face fell slightly at her tone. "I have to talk to you, Mallory. To explain."

"What is there to explain?" She snapped. "You accused me of using you for your money and called me a slut." She spat the last word out, flinging it at him like a dagger.

He winced, and she felt a moment of triumph, knowing that she had hurt him as he had hurt her. But the victory felt hollow, wrong somehow.

"You have to let me make this right, Mallory. Please." His voice was strained on the last word. Mallory was sure that he rarely begged for anything. It was possible that he never had.

With a resigned sigh, she plopped down in the cushioned leather seat opposite from him. "Then talk," she said in a clipped tone.

Jake closed his eyes and took a deep breath, as though bracing himself. When he opened them, they were full of pain. "I've never told anyone about this Mallory, you have to understand that. But please, give me time and hear me out."

She nodded curtly, wanting him to get on with it and get it over with so that she could leave.

"There was a woman, Jennifer, who I dated a few years ago. She was my first and only love. She was sweet, gentle, obedient." His eyes flashed to Mallory, barely concealing his longing. "I thought she was perfect in every way." His face twisted into an anguished frown.

"I gave her everything: money, jewels. We travelled the world together. I was going to ask her to marry me.

"Little did I know that her... appetites were more voracious than I realized," he continued. "She would have dark bruises on her skin days after we had played, but she claimed that she marked up easily. I was so blinded by my feelings for her that I believed her."

His face shifted into a mask of anger. "But then one day I came home early from a business trip, and I found them. They were together, in our house: Jennifer and the sadist."

He suddenly looked weary, sad, clearly still wounded by the memories. "When I confronted her, she tried to apologize, saying that it was the first time that she had been with him. I forgave her, and I tried to be rougher with her, to give her what she wanted. But it went against my nature."

His eyes were shining. Were those tears? Mallory had never seen him so raw. She felt herself softening towards him as she witnessed his grief. "But then her friend Celeste came to me," he trudged on. "She said that she was being crushed by the weight of her secret, and she confessed that Jennifer had been seeing the sadist since before we even started dating. She had never broken off the relationship, but she had been using me for my money. She had been lying to me the whole time, had played me for the fool. I kicked her out of my life and have never been with a woman for more than one night since then.

"Until I met you, Mallory," he was looking at her with a fierce hunger in his eyes, mingled with an intense yearning. "My harsh words weren't meant for you; they were meant for her."

It all made sense to Mallory now: he had lashed out in Venice because seeing her with the horned man had brought his feelings of betrayal back to the fore. His calling her a gold-digger and a slut had been a reaction to his old wound being ripped back open. Especially since he had opened himself up to Mallory, showing her glimpses of his vulnerability. And apparently he hadn't allowed himself to do that in the years since Jennifer had broken his heart.

Mallory felt a sudden surge of hatred toward the faceless bitch who had hurt Jake; she had scarred him so deeply that he was scared of true intimacy.

Mallory met his eyes and was caught up in their multifaceted beauty, all royal blue with hints of darkest green. "I forgive you, Jake," she said softly.

He visibly sagged in relief at her words. Then he straightened, moving around his desk so quickly that she gasped in shock as he took her by the shoulders and lifted her up. His arms gripped her waist tightly, clinging onto her as if she were the only real thing in the world. He took her mouth fiercely, as though he could brand her with his kiss.

When he finally pulled back from her, his eyes were shining. "Thank you, Mallory." She was sure that he had never said that to a submissive in his life.

Chapter 2

Half an hour later, Mallory found herself riding in the back of Jake's Jaguar again, pulling down the long drive leading to his plantation house. He sat as closely beside her as possible, occasionally leaning in for a sweet kiss, as though he couldn't help himself.

If she had found the house stunning in the darkness of the evening, it was nothing short of breathtaking in the daylight. There were light-pink azaleas interspersed with gardenia bushes lining the house on either side of the semi-circular porch. Huge oak trees shaded the manor, providing relief from the South Carolina summer heat, and two massive Carolina Palmetto trees bookended either side of Jake's sprawling home. The entire picture was one of classic elegance. Mallory loved it, especially considering her passion for history.

She didn't even realize that she was beaming, her earlier anger at Jake forgotten as she took in the idyllic beauty of the grounds. He grinned back at her, and, holding her hand, he led her into the house. They walked down a long, high-ceilinged hallway before climbing the stairs that Mallory had first tread when she had been led to Jake's office, where they had shared their first kiss. Her heart gave a little leap at the memory of his strong hands on her, his mouth hot and demanding; her first taste of his dominant nature.

After climbing two flights of stairs, Jake paused in front of a closed door crafted of darkly polished wood. "I have something I want to show you, Mallory. Something that I think you'll like, if you give it a chance," he said in a low, gravelly tone.

"What is it?" She asked suspiciously, the beginnings of nervousness stirring in her belly.

"I take it that means you want me to show you?" He asked, grinning.

She rolled her eyes at him. "Yes, I believe that was implied by my question."

He suddenly gripped her hair at the nape of her neck, jerking her head back roughly so that she was forced to look up into his eyes. "What have I told you about rolling your eyes at me, sub?" His voice was dangerous, his eyes that deep blue that told her his Dominant side was taking over.

"Sorry," she said, dropping her eyes.

He tugged on her hair harder, sending tingles down her spine as he brought her wide-eyed gaze back to his hard one. "How are you to address me, sub?"

"Sorry, Sir," she whispered, overwhelmed by his dominant aura.

He smiled softly, running the pad of his thumb over her lower lip, applying pressure. She opened for him, and he slid it inside her mouth. She sucked on it gently, swirling her tongue around it, grazing it with her teeth. "Good girl," he murmured, his pleasure at her response obvious. Her pu**y clenched at the diminutive phrase.

After a moment, he pulled his hand away and released his grip on her hair, leaving her wanting. Then he was opening the door, leading her by the hand into the dim room. For a moment, she could see nothing, but then Jake flipped a switch, flooding the room with a reddish light. Mallory couldn't help but gasp.

Grey stone walls matched the slate tiled floor, giving the room a sense of rough severity. Strangely-shaped furniture was crafted of black-painted metal topped with red leather. There was a huge, four-poster king-size bed with red velvet drapes pushed up along one wall and a large, black-painted wooden X in the corner beside it. Mallory could hardly believe what she was seeing; she was standing in a dungeon.

Who has one of these in their house? She wondered, her feeling of bemusement more comfortable to contemplate than her nervousness. Jake Cleary, Dominant sexy billionaire. Of course he has one. How silly of her to even be remotely surprised.

Jake took her gently by the shoulders, looking down at her. There was a furrow of concern in his brow, his eyes apprehensive. "Are you alright, Mallory?" He asked. "I know this is probably all a bit overwhelming."

"Just a bit," she said faintly. She didn't even know what most of the furniture in the room was meant to be used for, but she could figure out the basics based on the restraints on each piece. Hell, even the bed had leather cuffs chained to the posts.

Jake tenderly tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear. "I'd like to play with you, Mallory. If you're willing." His eyes were anxious, belying his otherwise cool demeanor; her answer was clearly of the upmost importance to him.

She considered for a moment. Yes, the room was scary, but it was nothing compared to her fear of the crowds at the fetish ball in Venice. And she couldn't deny that the fear of the unknown was... enticing, erotic. She shot a nervous look around the room one more time. Swallowing against the dryness in her throat, she gathered up her courage.

"Yes, Jake," she said finally. "I'm willing."

He gave a low, satisfied growl and instantly crushed his lips to hers, kissing her in a frenzy, as though she were a drug that he couldn't help but consume. Never taking his mouth from hers, he pushed her backwards until her back hit the hard stone wall. The roughness of it grazed her skin lightly, bringing all of her nerve endings to life. Jake shoved her dress up roughly, pulling it over her head. She was left in nothing but her skimpy panties and her low heels, which she quickly kicked off.

There was something distinctly arousing about being na**d while Jake was fully clothed in his sharply cut suit. The imbalance of his power and her vulnerability sent a pleasurable shiver down her spine.

Jake's hand was between her thighs, cupping her sex roughly, possessively. When he pulled back from her lips he was breathing hard, his eyes boring into hers.

"Tell me you need me, Mallory," he demanded, gripping her pu**y more tightly.

But his expression betrayed his anxiousness for her answer. She thought about Venice, how he had demanded her trust but hadn't trusted her in return.

"I need to hear you say it first," she breathed. She met his eyes warily, worried that she had treaded into territory that he wasn't ready for.

His eyes widened, surprised at her ultimatum. He clearly wasn't used to a submissive challenging him. But finally, looking more apprehensive than ever, he spoke: "I need you, Mallory." His voice was rough, strained.

She smiled up at him, relieved to hear the words. "I need you too, Sir," she admitted.

He looked stunned. He traced his thumb gently over her cheekbone, staring at her in wonder, as though he could hardly believe she was real.

"I want to explore your pain tolerance today, Mallory," he said softly, as though he didn't want to spook her. "Are you alright with that?"

Mallory remembered the spanking that Jake had given her in their hotel room in Venice, her first taste of BDSM. She licked her lips involuntarily and nodded.

Jake gave her a slightly cold, hard smile, the green fading from his eyes, giving way to dark, sapphire blue. The change brought out a visceral reaction in her. But his hands were gentle as they closed around her wrists, leading her to the center of the room until they were standing beside one of the strange pieces of furniture.

"This," Jake explained in a detached voice, "is a spanking bench." He suddenly grabbed her waist and positioned her where he wanted her, lifting her up until her knees rested on two padded extensions jutting out a few feet below the larger rectangular surface. He abruptly shoved her back between her shoulder blades, knocking her forward so that she fell onto it, the wind momentarily knocked out of her. Taking advantage of her moment of disorientation, he grabbed her wrist and pulled it in front of her, swiftly buckling a soft leather restraint around it.

"Hey!" she cried automatically in her shock. He made a grab from her other wrist, but she pulled it out of his reach.

"Mallory." He said sharply. "Don't resist me or this will go badly for you. This can be either a reward or a punishment. You decide. Now."

She quelled under his hard stare, which was full of disappointment. His disapproval swayed her more effectively than his harsh words, and she meekly held out her wrist for him.

"Good girl," he rewarded, gently stroking the inside of her wrist before buckling the cuff around it. Reflexively, Mallory gave her arms a little tug, but they barely budged; she was effectively trapped, br**sts pressed almost painfully into the padded leather and ass flagrantly exposed. She felt her cheeks and her sex heating at the same time.

Jake left her for a moment, walking behind her, out of her sight. She heard a drawer opening and closing, and then his footsteps were approaching her once again. He stared down into her eyes for a moment, drawing out the tension, before pulling something from behind his back, dangling it in front of her face. Mallory's breath hitched at the sight of it.

"Do you know what this is, Mallory?" He asked.

She may never have seen one in person, but she wasn't completely naive. "Flogger," she forced out the word between rapid, shallow breaths.

"Are you frightened?" He sounded only mildly curious, as though her fear made no difference to him one way or the other; he was still going to do whatever he wanted to her. And there was nothing that she could do to stop him. She tugged again at her restraints, and her inability to shrink away from him only made her sex clench in need.

"No," she lied.

Jake gripped her hair, pulling her head back to an almost painful degree. "Don't lie to me, sub. And address me properly. Are you frightened?"

"Yes, Sir," she gasped, her throat constricted.

He released her hair immediately, and her head fell forward, her cheek coming to rest against the bench.

Jake stepped out of her line of sight again, stopping to stand just behind her. She lay there, panting for a moment, tensing as she anticipated the pain.

Her only warning was a whooshing sound as the tails of the flogger sang through the air before slapping down on her upper back. The length of them thudded on her skin before drawing backwards, leaving a stinging line on her back. Before she could process the pain, it came back down on her, falling diagonally across where the first blow had struck, forming a wide, stinging X shape. Mallory hissed in pain, but she tried her best to absorb it. The thudding hits continued. Although they increased in intensity, her skin began to become desensitized, and the blows became less painful, leaving only a glowing warmth on her back.

But then Jake shifted the angle of the flogger, only allowing the tips of the tails to lash against her. The sting doubled in intensity, bringing back the pain and making her cry out in shock. The X pattern of hits travelled down her back, kissing the skin that hadn't yet become desensitized. Mallory understood then that Jake had just been warming up, allowing her to become accustomed to the lash. But now he was testing her, seeing how much she could take. She was determined to meet his challenge, and she gritted her teeth against the cries that threatened to escape her with every blow.

Jake must have noticed her resistance, for he seemed determined to break it, to force her to yield to him. The tips of the flogger's tails suddenly came down on her where the curve of her ass met her thighs. Mallory had no idea how sensitive her skin was there until the first hit landed. Her cry was so loud it was nearly a scream. She heard Jake chuckle in satisfaction at her capitulation. He gave her one more there, reinforcing his dominance over her body and mind. She let out an involuntary sob, and she considered using her safe word.

But Jake was totally attuned to her reactions, and he immediately gave her a reprieve, moving the flogger back to her ass cheeks rather than her tender thighs. The hits continued in a steady rhythm now, lulling her with their hypnotic consistency. The pain was fading, giving way to pleasure as each blow sent a rush of heat shooting to her pu**y. Her eyes rolled back in her head in bliss, riding the high as the pleasure spread from her sex to her mind, causing her thoughts to disappear, all contemplation of resistance leaving her. There was only Jake and the erotic sensations pervading her body.

Her cries had ceased and her breathing had turned deep and even. Mallory was so caught up in her world of bliss that she barely noticed when the blows stopped. She felt her panties being pulled down her thighs, fully exposing her sex.

Jake grunted, and she was suddenly speared by his cock. Her eyes popped open in surprise at the intrusion, but her shock quickly faded as she was drowned in bliss when he hit her g-spot. Her orgasm rocked through her, the pleasure that had been building in her exploding outward.

Jake leaned forward and grabbed her hair, twisting the length of it around his hand, pulling her head back roughly as he rode her. His hand cracked down on her ass as he took her hard and fast. His pace increased as his c**k fully hardened within her. It twitched as he spilled his seed into her with a howl of pleasure.

"Mallory!" He groaned her name as he came. He collapsed atop her, breathing hard and stroking her hair.

"Good girl," he breathed out as he gasped to catch his breath.

Mallory glowed at the words, not at all demeaned by them.

Chapter 3

The rest of Mallory's week passed by in a haze of bliss. She was coming to love Jake's kinky dungeon, where they had played every night after he finished work. He wanted to spend every minute of the day with her, but Mallory insisted that he attend to his work. As she got to know him better, she realized that he loved what he did. Cleary Corporation dominated the oil market, and at first Mallory imagined Jake to be an evil tycoon for being in the oil business. But apparently a large sector of their business funded research for clean energy, trying to be the cutting edge leader in the new industry when oil inevitably fell into disuse. Furthermore, Jake was personally responsible for several philanthropic projects around the world. Mallory was thrilled to learn that a large part of these charitable funds went towards building schools in third world countries, something that she cared about deeply. When her keen interest became apparent, Jake promised to take her to Haiti to visit the schools there. He was obviously pleased at her excitement, as well as surprised that she didn't insist on going somewhere lavish like Paris instead.

The more time that they spent together, the more Mallory saw the real Jake, and the less often his cocky mask appeared. She hoped that the memories of his ex, Jennifer, were fading as he got to know her. Although they had only known each other for a short time, when she looked into his eyes it was clear that he cared about her as deeply as she cared for him. She realized that her initial assessment of him as an entitled douchebag couldn't be further from the truth; he was sweet, caring, and charitable. And dominant in the bedroom.

Mallory's ni**les hardened just thinking about their sexual encounters. As much as she tried to challenge him at every turn, she found herself giving way to his every command as he skillfully manipulated her body, perfectly in tune with her needs.

But then Friday morning came, and Jake said something that filled her with terror unlike any fear she ever experienced in his dungeon: "We're hosting a ball tonight," he said casually over breakfast. "I want you to be my date."

Mallory almost choked on her eggs. "What kind of ball?" She asked warily after she finished coughing. She knew that she wasn't ready to handle another fetish ball, not after what had happened in Venice. A shudder ran through her as she remembered the horned man trapping her, making her skin crawl. And Jake's anger, his betrayal. She so wasn't ready to go through anything like that again. Especially not when everything was going so perfectly between them now.

Jake took her hand in his reassuringly, tracing little circular patterns on her palm, calming her. "It's a benefit ball, to raise money for new textbooks in the schools we've built in Africa. I arranged it because I thought it would make you happy."

Mallory's jaw dropped. He had put together a swanky ball just to please her? Some men gave you flowers; Jake Cleary gave you your dreams.

But her stomach was still twisting uncomfortably. The last time she had been to a ball at Jake's house, she had been serving champagne to the elegant guests. She had been nervous enough then; she could hardly imagine how uncomfortable she would be at such a glitzy function. Her parents had taught her good manners, but she was sure she would stick out like a sore thumb amongst the refined elite at the soiree.

Jake was looking at her anxiously, clearly disconcerted by her pause. "Mallory? Are you okay?" He asked, his brow furrowed. "I can call it off if you don't want it."

"No!" Mallory assured him quickly. "No, I don't want you to do that. It's just... I'm nervous, Jake," she admitted, her cheeks coloring.

He gave her hand a little squeeze. "There's no need to be nervous, Mallory," he told her earnestly. "Everyone will love you. Who could help it?"

Mallory had to stifle a little gasp. Had he just insinuated what she thought he had? Was he falling for her as hard as she was falling for him? She almost didn't dare think it. Whoa, girl, you're getting way ahead of yourself. What, would she be planning their wedding next? Only crazy girls planned their weddings after knowing a guy for a week. And I'm not crazy, she assured herself.

"Of course I'll come," she said after a pregnant pause.

Jake grinned. "Excellent. My mother will be thrilled to meet you."

Mallory's stomach dropped.

That evening, Mallory was in Jake's lavish bedroom, and he was watching her put on her makeup in the mirror.

"You don't need that, you know," he told her earnestly from where he sat on his enormous bed.

Mallory rolled her eyes at him before she could stop herself.

"Don't think I didn't see that, sub," he warned. "And don't think that I'll forget about it, either. You'll pay later." He looked far too pleased at the prospect.

"Oh, darn," she said sarcastically, rolling her eyes again, goading him. To be honest, she looked forward to a good beating now.

Jake just gave her a sly smile. "Oh, little sub, you are playing with fire. You haven't had a real punishment yet. I enjoy discipline, but I don't think you will like it all that much; if you enjoy it, then I'm not doing it right."

Mallory swallowed at his predatory gaze, and she dropped her own eyes. "Sorry, Sir," she mumbled.

Jake was suddenly behind her where she sat in a chair before the vanity. He placed both hands on either side of her jaw, forcing her head up so that she met his eye in the mirror. "You're forgiven," he said. "But don't think that half-assed apology gets you off the hook. I'm going to thoroughly enjoy this evening." His grin was wolfish, and she shivered.

His thumbs gently brushed her cheeks, his expression softening. "I got you something to wear tonight."

Mallory stiffened. "You already bought me this dress, Jake. I really can't accept any other gifts." The dress truly was beautiful, a slinky silk number the deep blue color of Jake's eyes, with a plunging neckline. It was draped gracefully in the back, revealing her entire upper back.

Jake just clucked his tongue at her. "And what makes you think that your acceptance is up for debate? I want you to wear this, Mallory, and I won't permit your refusal; if I have to tie you down and force it upon you, I will."

She shuddered pleasurably at the thought, but if he followed through on his threat her elaborate up-do would be ruined. Trying for petulance, she sighed. "Fine," she said resignedly.

"Good girl," he grinned. At first, Mallory hadn't been sure about their D/s relationship bleeding over into their lives outside the bedroom. But she supposed they were in the bedroom right now, so it was okay. So long as he didn't call her "sub" in front of his mother, she would be alright.

At the thought of his mother, butterflies beat against her ribcage.

But her nervousness was completely blown away by shock when Jake revealed his gift. It was a platinum necklace, meant to sit high up around her neck. It was covered in diamonds interspersed with sapphires, and it dripped down elegantly to come to a point in the hollow between her collarbones, where a final large diamond was set into the precious metal.

"Jake," she breathed. "This is too much. I can't accept it."

"You can and you will," he said firmly as he clipped the clasp together at her nape. He touched his fingers to the front of her neck, running them down from beneath her chin to the top of the necklace. When his eyes met hers in the mirror, they were a deep, dominant blue. "Until we get you a real collar," he said, an edge of longing in his hard voice.

Mallory shivered. A collar? She was so not ready for that. She wasn't sure that she would ever be ready for that. But she didn't want to hurt Jake by refusing, so she kept silent. Instead, she said, "thank you," in a small voice. "It's beautiful."

Jake beamed at her acceptance. "You're welcome, Mallory."

She was relieved that he had said her name rather than "sub." She wasn't ready for taking that step; she wasn't sure that she would ever be comfortable with the idea of being owned by someone else, even if it was Jake.

Shaking off her disconcerting thoughts, she painted on a smile as Jake took her arm, ready to lead her downstairs, where she could already hear music playing. She tried to force the knots in her stomach to loosen, but it seemed she was fighting a losing battle.

Her nervousness only ratcheted up a few notches when they entered the ballroom, where they were immediately greeted by an elegantly dressed, older woman. Her silver hair was cut in a simple bob, and her bone structure was refined. Her brown eyes were warm as she held out her arms to greet Mallory.

"Mallory, this is my mother," Jake introduced. "Mother, this is Mallory Williams."

Mallory awkwardly leaned in as his mother kissed her on both cheeks. "It's wonderful to meet you, Miss Williams," she said. And it sounded as though she really meant it.

"Please, call me Mallory, Mrs. Cleary," she said, feeling more at ease.

"And you must call me Susan, dear."

Mallory smiled, warming to the older woman already.

"Jake tells me that you're going to start teaching History this Fall," she said, clearly interested rather than just making small talk. "I've always loved the subject myself. It was what drew me to this old plantation. It took some doing, but I finally convinced Jake's father to move South with me."

Mallory beamed, recognizing a kindred spirit. "I'm glad you like it down here," she said. "My family has been here forever. I absolutely adore Charleston."

Just then, a man and woman approached them. He was young and handsome, his blonde hair carefully coifed, as impeccable as his tailored tux. Mallory recognized the woman beside him. It was the bitchy platinum blonde who had been so rude to her when she had spilled champagne all over Jake at their first fateful meeting. She clearly recognized Mallory as well, and she was looking at her as though she was something unpleasant stuck to the bottom of her shoe.

Jake seemed completely oblivious to the glacial stare that the bitch was shooting her way, proceeding with introductions. "Mallory, this is John DuPree and his sister, Celeste."

Mallory's eyes widened slightly. Was this the same Celeste who had been Jennifer's friend, who had told Jake of his love's betrayal? It wasn't exactly a common name; it had to be the same woman.

Finally releasing Mallory from her disdainful stare, Celeste beamed at Jake, all sugar sweet and innocent.

Conniving bitch.

"Jake, I hate to pull you away," John said, "but I don't want to bore the ladies with business talk." He shot a questioning look at Mallory and Susan. "Do you mind if I steal him for a moment?" He asked politely.

Mrs. Cleary waved him away. "Of course not, dear."

Jake gave Mallory an apologetic look as he followed John out of the ballroom for a private conversation.

Susan turned back to Mallory. "Jake speaks very highly of you," she said.

Mallory felt her cheeks go pink even as she saw Celeste shoot her a strangely smug look out of the corner of her eye. "Thank you," she murmured, her eyes dropping in embarrassment.

Susan leaned into Mallory confidentially. "I'm glad he has someone like you around, dear. This benefit was an absolutely wonderful idea."

"Oh," Mallory began, not wanting to take credit for Jake throwing an expensive party. "This was all Jake's idea."

Susan patted her arm. "But he did it because of you, honey. I think you'll be a good influence on him."

Then she withdrew from her suddenly, her eyes focusing on something beyond Mallory. She gave a little wave. "Oh," she said, "there are the Madisons. I should go greet them." She focused on Mallory again. "I hope to see a lot more of you, dear." And then she was off, clearly quite the social butterfly. Mallory decided that she liked her vivaciousness, even though she had just left her alone with Celeste.

She looked back at the woman and was surprised to find her smiling sweetly.

"Would you mind if we talk?" She asked. "Just us girls?"

Mallory eyed her suspiciously, but she knew it would be rude to decline. And she didn't want to embarrass Jake by insulting one of his guests. "Sure," she said, allowing Celeste to guide her to a quiet corner.

As soon as they were isolated from the rest of the party, the bitch was back, an evil smile playing around her full red lips.

"I have something that you might be very interested in," she said imperiously.

Mallory eyed her warily, not sure what her game was. "Oh?" She asked simply.

Celeste was outright grinning now. "I have in my possession a rather, ah, compromising little video of you and Jake."

All of the wind was knocked out of Mallory. "What?" She asked faintly.

"It would be very embarrassing for him if it were to come out. Imagine the scandal. What would his mother say?" Celeste continued, tutting. "And what would your little prep school say when they find out what innocent Miss Williams gets up to in her spare time?" Her smile was predatory, knowing that she had Mallory cornered. "I don't think that people would trust their children with a sexual deviant."

Mallory was feeling sick. How had Celeste possibly gotten a tape like that? Maybe she was lying... But no, "sexual deviant," she had said. She must know. But Celeste couldn't be doing this just out of spite, could she? What was her endgame?

"What do you want, Celeste?" Mallory asked, her voice hollow.

Celeste's smile turned saccharine. "For you to break up with Jake Cleary, of course."

The End... For Now

