I pushed my glasses up the bridge of my nose and sighed as I stared at the papers I'd dropped. This was shaping up to be the worst day ever, and it was only my second day on the job. First, I'd lost a contact and had to break out my clunky emergency glasses, then the CEO's assistant called in sick before the biggest stockholder meeting of the year.

Of course, they'd called me in to assist, even though she was only the front desk receptionist.

If all Mr. Drake wants me to do is answer phones, I've got this in the bag. I rolled my eyes, knowing it couldn't possibly be that easy.

I hadn't met Chase Drake yet, billionaire CEO of Drake and Smith, but I'd heard whispered rumors about him over lunch. Words like "terrifying" and "gorgeous" were thrown around, along with talk of all the other executive assistants that quit unexpectedly that year. Apparently, he was impossible to please.

I dropped to my knees, hurriedly gathering the papers outside of the executive offices. This is no way to make a first impression, Isabeau! Get it together or you won't last the week. The last thing I needed was for the head honcho to see me like this.

A black, Italian leather shoe came down an inch from my hand. I froze, still reaching for the spreadsheet now trapped under the large foot in front of me. It was attached to a leg clad in an impeccably cut suit, and as I ran my eyes upward, I tried not to tremble. A man with wavy blonde hair and a cool green gaze stared down at me, his cruel mouth twisted into a smirk.

"Ms. Willcox, I presume?"

I tried to push the chestnut strands of hair that had fallen over my eyes back into my bun, but it was no good. I was a hot mess, kneeling on the carpet in a J.C. Penney blouse and skirt.

"Y-yes?"

He reached down and offered his hand, and my mouth suddenly went very, very dry. I'm talking Sahara Desert dry. Something about the way he looked at me sent shivers down my spine, like he was sizing me up. Like I was a deer, and he was a lion, looking for his next meal.

I put my hand in his, and let him pull me to my feet. My hand felt tiny in his warm grasp, and I felt a jolt of electricity at the touch.

"Chase Drake," he said softly, his low voice making my heart skip a beat. "So, you're the one serving me today?"

Serving him? It felt like an odd way to put it, but hey, who was I to correct the boss?

"I guess so, Sir."

"You guess?"

I realized my hand was still in his, and quickly drew it back. "Ms. Johnson told me you needed an assistant for the meeting?"

I bit my lip, suddenly uncertain. His piercing eyes were hard to look directly into. I felt like I was being tested, or maybe that I was in the wrong place altogether.

"Keep your chin up, girl. My assistant must be cool, confident and collected, not a timid little mouse."

My mouth dropped open. A mouse? He doesn't even know me! I raised my chin defiantly, straightening up to my full height.

"Yes, Sir."

His lips twitched into a half smile. "Very good."

I nodded, and started walking toward the boardroom, when he grabbed my wrist, making me gasp. He drew me close until we were almost nose to nose.

"Remember that you represent me in there. Clean yourself up before we begin. And Ms. Willcox?"

"Y-yes?"

"Don't let me down."

I tried hard not to tremble, even though he'd pulled me so close. He smelled clean like rainwater, but his hot breath on my face made me avert my eyes. Is this how he always acted? So demanding and confrontational?

"Will do, Boss."

I snatched my wrist away and moved quickly down the hall to the ladies room. I could feel his gaze on my back until the door closed behind me. When it clicked shut, I leaned back against it, and let out a deep breath.

What an ass**le.

I was beginning to wonder if the executive assistant was really sick, or if she was just sick of his domineering bullshit. But, despite my irritation, my wrist tingled where he'd held me, and I couldn't stop thinking about those eyes of his, that strong jaw... and how I wanted to run my hands through that gorgeous wavy hair of his.

"Get over it, Isa. Never gonna happen," I muttered to myself.

Whoa. Where did that come from?

I mean, sure, he was amazing looking, and from the moment his eyes met mine, I felt a magnetism radiating off him, drawing me to him, but that didn't mean I was interested. Far from it, after the way he'd just spoken to me.

I ran my hands under the sink and slicked my hair back, redoing my bun as best I could at the nape of my neck. My hair was always unruly and wild. I just hoped it would stay put for the next hour. I retouched my light makeup, and looked at myself in the mirror.

It would have to do.

I took a deep breath, and readied myself to face Mr. Drake.

***

The meeting went off without a hitch. I sat next to the CEO running his slides as he presented to the table full of crusty old men. Standing before them, speaking so smoothly and confidently, the juxtoposition of his youth and power against the rest of them was not lost on me. He moved with the kind of grace and power you'd expect of royalty, commanding the attention and respect of everyone in the room.

At the end, as the board members filed out into the hallway, he came up behind me and put a hand on my shoulder. I flinched beneath his touch.

"Meet me in my office in half an hour."

I pursed my lips, a spike of fear coursing through me. Had I done something wrong? Was I getting fired? It would officially be the shortest temp job ever. What would my friends say when they heard I'd gotten canned on my second day?

"Yes, Sir," I squeaked.

He swept out of the room, and I heard him laughing and joking with the other men as they moved down the hall. I put my head down and packed up his notes and laptop, trying to get my shit together as I worked.

Calm down, Isa. What will be, will be.

I pictured those cool eyes staring at me as he mouthed the words "We're letting you go," and felt a shiver creep down my spine. For some reason, the look of disappointment I pictured on his handsome face was the worst part.

***

I rapped on the mahogany door at the end of the executive wing, and tried to steady my breathing.

"Come in."

"Here goes nothing," I whispered, and entered the office, trying to hold my chin high.

Mr. Drake looked up at me, his green eyes intense, but the emotion behind them unreadable. Was he angry with me? Had I embarassed him somehow? I was so inexperienced, I was positive it wasn't good.

"Ms. Willcox, come here."

I smoothed my hands over my skirt and took a few steps toward the chairs in front of his desk.

"Did I say you could sit there? Come here. To me."

I paused, shifting uncomfortably on my feet.

"Are you deaf? I said come here."

His sharp tone sent a shiver down my spine. I set my jaw and walked around the desk until I was just inches away from him. He spun in his chair toward me slowly and leaned back, a smirk playing over his handsome face. For a long moment, he just looked me over, appraising me, then staring into my eyes to see if I would look away, I suppose.

I didn't.

"Take a seat here. On the desk."

His voice was a low whisper, his eyes intense.

I hesitated the briefest of moments, but then a little voice inside my head said He's messing with you. He wants to see if you're afraid. I glared back at him. I needed to show him he didn't intimidate me, no matter how rich and powerful he was.

I hopped up on the edge of his desk, and crossed my bare legs demurely. His eyes roamed over my exposed skin, stopping at my hem line, before moving up my body to my br**sts, straining beneath my blouse. I tried to keep my breathing steady, but I felt so vulnerable this close to him, especially when he looked at me like that.

"What do you know about me, Isabeau?"

He leaned forward, and I forced myself to stay still instead of shying away. He was so close that I could smell the subtle notes of his cologne: musk and wood with a hint of leather.

"My apologies... May I call you Isabeau?" He smiled up at me, dazzling me for a moment.

"Of course." My voice sounded high and breathy. I gripped the edge of his desk, trying not to fidget.

"Good. What have you heard about me, Isabeau? What do you really know about me?"

What did he want me to say? That everyone said he was an ogre? Or that they all wanted to sleep with him anyway?

"I..."

"Go on. You won't hurt my feelings."

He was still smiling, slight dimples visible in both cheeks. The sight was destracting, to say the least.

"I know that you're the youngest CEO and partner in the company's history, and I know that you earned the spot by working your way up after graduate school instead of using your inheritance as a crutch."

"Everyone knows that. What do you know about me? The real stuff. None of this press release bullshit."

I looked down at my hands, anything not to have to look up at his face so close to me.

"Um. People say... they say that you're scary. And that your assistants don't last long."

He laughed, a deep, warm sound that seemed to fill up the office. I glanced up to see him smirking at me. I relaxed my grip on the desk a little. Maybe I wasn't being fired after all.

"What else do they say?"

Oh, God. He can't possibly want me to tell him everything. Does he? The look on his face confirmed that he did. It was clear by the way he looked at me that I wasn't leaving this office until I gave him exactly what he wanted.

"They say. Um... They say that you're very, uh, good looking... and impossible to please."

"Oh they do, do they?" He sat back, and tented his fingers beneath his chin. "Well, do you agree with them? Do you think I'm scary, handsome and woefully unsatisfied?"

My mouth dropped open, and I quickly closed it with a snap.

"Yes. I mean, no! I mean, I don't know..."

He stood, then, and leaned in close, towering over me. "You were right the first time."

Anxiety coursed through me, but I have to admit, being this close to him, smelling his scent and feeling the heat radiating off his body, it made me wonder what it would be like to be in his arms. To be his. To be owned by him...

His face was almost touching mine when he whispered to me. "I am unsatisfied, Isabeau. I want you to be my new assistant. Will you do that for me? Will you be at my beck and call?"

My breath left me as his words sunk in. When I finally regained it, I felt like I was trembling from head to toe. His beck and call.

"Wh-what about your old assistant?"

Mr. Drake leaned back again and took my chin in his hand, forcing my eyes to his. "What about her? I want you."

His touch on my skin was electric. Are we still talking about business?

"Yes, Mr. Drake."

His thumb stroked my cheek for the briefest of moments, and then he released me, breathless, and wondering what I'd just agreed to.

"Very good, Isabeau. I'll expect you here at 8 a.m. tomorrow, in my office, ready to work. Don't be late."

He turned away, effectively dismissing me. I hopped down off the desk and quickly made for the door. I didn't want to give him time to change his mind.

"And Isabeau?"

I turned back, my hand on the knob. "Yes, Mr. Drake?"

"I don't tolerate sloppy work. Disappoint me, and there will be consequences."

I blushed, and nodded, then closed the door behind me.

What had I gotten myself into?

***

"Isabeau! Get in here, now!"

I jumped in my seat in front of the big, mahogany doors, spilling my cup of ramen noodles onto my blouse.

"Shit! Shit, shit, shit." If there was one thing Mr. Drake hated, it was sloppiness, and here I was dripping with cheap soup stock. My silk was stained, the material sticking to the tops of my br**sts.

"By now, I meant immediately, Isabeau! Not at your personal convenience."

I swore again under my breath, and entered his office. Maybe a miracle would occur, and he wouldn't notice. Please, God, have mercy!

"Sit," he commanded.

I moved toward the chairs once again, but he stared at me, frowing, until I circled the desk and perched on the edge.

"Yes, Mr. Drake?"

"What took you so long? I need you to type these notes up for me, and..."

He stopped, sniffing the air. He leaned in, and to my horror, plucked a long, wavy noodle out of my cle**age. I bit my lip, tears of embarassment burning behind my eyes.

I had to keep it together. It probably wasn't the end of the world, even though it felt like it, sitting here in front of my boss, who could have been a GQ model, shaking with nerves, and dripping with soup.

"Oh, my dear," he said, placing it into his trashcan like it was a dead spider. "This is not good at all. I don't like this. One. Little. Bit."

He was out of his chair in a flash, and before I could stop him, his hands were on my blouse, undoing my buttons with speed and precision.

"Mr. Drake!"

He ripped the last button off, and I winced as the silk tore. My shirt fell open, revealing my bra, and he yanked it down off my shoulders and threw it to the floor.

"I thought I made it clear that I do not tolerate sloppiness?"

His voice was deep and dripping with menace. I tried to cover myself, but he slapped my hands away and ran his eyes over my exposed curves without a hint of embarassment.

"You represent me, Isabeau. Me! And I do not present myself in such a disgusting manner. Not to my colleages. Not to anyone."

He leaned forward, caging me in with a hand on each side of my body. His face was just an inch from mine, his clean breath tickling my lips. What was he going to do to me?

"I... I'm sorry," I breathed.

"Sorry's not going to cut it, girl. You seem to have a problem remembering what my rules are. You've been lax. Lazy. Disheveled. I think it's high time you were punished."

He toyed with one of my bra straps, then slid it slowly down one shoulder. I tensed, wondering how far he would go. Fear coursed through me, but at the same time, my heart raced, my sex heating against the surface of the desk. I had to admit it, even if it was just to myself...

I wanted him.

There was something mesmerizing about him. Something forceful and dangerous. Something I couldn't resist, even if I wanted to. And I wasn't sure that I did.

"You need to remember who you belong to." His voice was a low growl now as he traced the top of my br**sts with a long finger.

Was this really happening? I suppressed a moan, suppressed the desire to reach up and run my hands through his hair, to pull his mouth down to mine.

"You need a punishment you won't soon forget."

He backed away, and I felt his absence like a tangible thing.

"Turn around and place your hands flat on the desk."

I gasped, looking at him in disbelief. Had I heard him right? Part of me wondered if he was going to raise my skirt, jerk my panties down around my ankles, and f**k me right then and there. And if he did, would I let him? Would I stay bent over while my billionaire boss used me for his pleasure?

My pu**y heated at the thought. A man like him wanting me was almost too much to handle.

I did as I was told and placed my palms flat on the desk, leaning over as I did so. I waited for him to grip my zipper; to rip my skirt off my body or push it up over my hips. I was ready to be his. To be possessed.

His hand came down hard on my ass, making me yell in surprise. I winced, my eyes watering from the impact. I wanted to look at Mr. Drake, to ask what he was thinking, but something kept my hands firmly on the desk, helpless beneath him.

"You've been very bad," he growled.

His hand came down again with a smack that took my breath away. I mewled as the stinging washed over me, but held my place, not wanting to disappoint him.

Despite the pain, my panties were wet, my pu**y ready for him. I felt helpless and sensual and wild, like never before. Who was this Isabeau bending over for her boss? I didn't know her, but I also didn't want to stop feeling this way.

"You will not disobey me!"

Another blow made me yelp, then another, reddening the same spots he'd hit before, making my ass burn beneath the thin material of my skirt. I felt the bruises forming, and bit my lip, trying not to scream as his hand came down again and again. The office echoed with the sound of his hand cracking down mercilessly on my tender flesh, and my panting as I stood there and took every blow, legs shaking, pu**y glowing with need for this man.

Finally, he paused, and I felt him lift the hem of my skirt up and over my ass. I whimpered as the fabric grazed my abused skin.

"Let's see if you've learned your lesson..."

I knew he must be admiring his handiwork, leaning over me, inspecting my backside, on display for him.

"Oh yes. This punishment should be a constant reminder over the next few days to behave. Every time you sit, you'll remember this little lesson."

His hand smoothed over my ass, clad only in my sheer, white panties. I gasped as he squeezed the bruised flesh, and felt my face burning with shame. I knew he could see the wet spot between my legs. What must he think of me?

"What is this, Isabeau?" His voice was a dangerous rumble. "I can smell your arousal from here. My nostrils are filled with it..."

His hands kneaded my ass cheeks roughly, making me moan in pain.

"Look at you. Look at this!"

His fingers forced their way past the thin cotton mesh of my underwear and dipped roughly into my wetness. I squirmed against his touch, and his hand came down on my ass again, making me burn all over.

"You little slut. You're loving this, aren't you?"

He spanked me again and again, all the while pumping two fingers into my tight, eager channel. I was yelling then, my body squeezing around him with each stroke. I couldn't believe he was doing this, and what was more, I was enjoying every second. Just like he said.

"Answer me when I speak to you, Isabeau!"

Mr. Drake's fingers increased speed, making me moan loudly into the desk.

"Are you enjoying this? Do you think this is a game?"

He spanked me harder, slamming my h*ps into the wood as he finger f**ked me. I was so close to cumming, but I tried to hold it back. I didn't know what his reaction would be if I came undone beneath him.

"Yes!" I breathed. "I mean, no. It's... ahhhh... it's not a game..."

"You're goddamn right, it's not a game!"

Mr. Drake reached around my body and pinched my cl*t viciously. And just like that, I was cumming, wailing as my pu**y convulsed around his fingers, waves of pleasure and pain making me soar to heights I didn't know I was capable of. He went still inside of me, his fingers filling me as I squeezed tight with each pulse, flying on wings of ecstasy.

When I finally came back down to Earth, he pulled his fingers out of me and jerked my skirt back down. I turned around, breathing hard, in time to see him wiping his hand on his silk pocketsquare, avoiding my eyes.

He opened his bottom desk drawer and threw a white dress shirt at me. One of his spares.

"Get out."

I caught it, my brow furrowing. "Mr. Drake?"

"I said, get out."

The dangerous tone in his voice left no room for discussion. I pulled the shirt around my shoulders and hurried out, buttoning as I went.

Back at my desk, I tried to fight back the tears, without success. What the hell had just happened? Did he want me or not? Had I disappointed him somehow? Just when my fantasies were coming true... I wasn't good enough.

***

At the end of the night, as Mr. Drake left his office, he paused beside me. I remained looking forward, responding to an email, not daring to speak. What would I say if I did? A warm hand on my shoulder made me jump.

"Isabeau, I..."

I looked up and was caught up again in those cool, green eyes. For a moment, I thought I caught a hint of sadness behind them, but then it faded, his unreadable mask slipping back into place.

"Yes, Mr. Drake?"

"What happened today... It was wrong of me. For a moment, I forgot myself. You make me do that, you know."

He paused, looking me over, taking in his oversized shirt falling low over my pencil skirt.

"Do what?" I asked, allowing myself a small smile.

"Forget myself."

He leaned down, and I heard him inhale, milimeters away. Was he smelling my hair? Then, he straightened again, his back stiff. Formal. Like nothing had passed between us.

"It won't happen again. It... can't. I won't lose my temper again. Not with you."

He moved away, and I jumped out of my seat, following like a lost puppy.

"But, why not? I don't mind!"

He stopped by the elevators, hesitating before pushing the button.

"I... I liked it," I said, my voice barely a whisper.

A moment hung suspended before he finally moved, pushing the down button with a black, gloved hand.

"I won't punish you again, Isabeau. Not like that. This was the first and last time. Please understand."

The doors slid open, and just like that, he was gone, sliding away from me into the night. And I could do nothing to stop him.

I looked down at the ramen cup sticking out of my trashcan, and a thought struck me, lifting the cloud of confusion and despair threatening to settle over me. Maybe there was a way.

Maybe I was a very bad, lazy, forgetful assistant after all. Maybe I just couldn't help myself. Maybe I'd just have to break his rules...

Maybe then he wouldn't be able to help it, and would forget himself all over again.

I bit my lip and leaned back in the office chair, imaging him bending me over his desk, guiding his c**k toward my eager sex. I slipped a finger beneath my skirt, rubbing myself through my panties, wondering what it would feel like to have him inside of me. My ass stung as I pressed back onto my wooden chair, and I moaned, remembering his sweet punishment.

I knew one thing for certain--this wasn't over between us. Not by a longshot.

I was his, after all, at his beck and call. Ready and eager for whatever he had to give me.

