"I'm fine. Quit worrying." Rock Weldon waved a hand at me feebly, the look in his eyes fierce.

"You just got shot. Of course I'm worried."

He grimaced. "I know. I guess I'll have to actually use bodyguards now. I'm not a fan of that."

I perched in a chair near the bed, afraid to go closer. It wouldn't do to have someone walk in on me half on top of my billionaire boss-even if we'd already spent a lot of our time alone that way.

"Fan or not, yeah. Can we just go back to California where bullets aren't flying, at least not that I know of?" I glanced nervously toward the door, half expecting an assassin to walk through it any minute.

"Hell, no. Too much to do, and this is the place to do it." Rock ground the words out and flinched.

"Are you in tons of pain?" I gripped the edge of the chair, wishing I could kiss him, smooth the sweaty hair back from his forehead.

"Not really. The drugs are helping with that. It's just when I move my arm." He sighed. "I think I'll be out of here in the morning, though. I hope to God, anyway. And then we're on with the original plan."

The man is out of his mind. Nothing seems to stop him, not even bullets.

"Okay, if you say so, boss." I winked, still so relieved that he was okay. I'd spent an hour in terror. His face had been so white when he'd passed out on the way to the hospital.

"We will be. I mean it."

A knock sounded on the door, and I flinched.

"It's okay, Lacey. There's a guard out there, you know. It's probably just the doctor coming to give me the final verdict for the night." Rock smiled at me, and the expression went all the way to my toes.

"I know." I glanced at my watch. Exhaustion made my shoulders feel heavy. Between jetlag and the man I wanted more than anything in the world being shot, I was reeling.

"Nothing is going to happen to you. I swear it. When he's done, I want you to go back to the villa and rest." Rock's voice was laced with steel, as I'd heard it so many times before. "Come in."

The doctor obliged. "Mr. Weldon."

"Yes."

"I'm Dr. Vittorini. You've had a close call and lost a lot of blood. We want to keep you here overnight, but if all looks well, we'll let you out some time tomorrow."

"Good. I have things to do." Rock didn't smile.

"I understand, but your healing is my primary concern. The bullet went a bit deeper than a graze into your shoulder. It's out, but you did lose a lot of blood, and you need to be monitored. I also don't want you to overdo it once you get out of the hospital." The doctor frowned.

"I won't." Rock gave him a tight smile.

"I'm glad to hear it. The police are here to speak with you now." The doctor turned and left the room without another word.

"Great. Just what I wanted to do...talk to the polizia tonight." Rock sighed and closed his eyes.

"I can try to run them off."

He shook his head. "No, best to get it over with."

Curiosity rose inside of me. What is he going to tell them? Does he want them to know what's going on?

My stomach roiled with nervousness.

"I hate to say it, Lacey, but you need to go. They won't like me talking with you here."

I rose, my legs shaky. "What are you going to tell them?" I bit my lip, hoping I hadn't crossed a line by asking. Rock could be mercurial, and though he'd let me into his world, I wasn't sure how far he wanted to go with that trust.

"Nothing. That it was random." He stared at me.

"Are you serious?" My voice grew shrill.

"Shh. They're coming. I need to handle this my way. I'm not involving police unless and until I have to. It's always worked for me before, Lacey. I don't leave important matters to other people."

"I see."

"I'll be home tomorrow some time. Wait for me there. For now, you'll find your bodyguard, George, waiting outside for you. Luigi will take you back to the villa. Please stay put there for tonight. I need to be sure you're safe." His gaze burned into mine. "Oh, and Lacey?"

"Yeah?" I hovered near his bed.

"Sorry I didn't get to see how you liked the vibrating panties."

I flushed to my feet and squirmed. "Did you lose the remote?"

"The nurse has it. She had no idea what it was. It's with my personal effects. I'll hang on to it and test it out later." He gave me a wicked wink.

I swallowed hard, wanting to touch him. The door creaked open.

"Um, okay. Bye." I don't know if I kept the tremor from my voice. Instead of crying, I pivoted away in what I hoped was a professional move.

The polizzia strode in, two hard-faced men. They threw a question toward Rock.

"She's leaving. Ms. Pate is my bookkeeper and assistant." I froze and turned around slowly to face them. They stood over Rock, but he wasn't diminished at all by them. He still looked fierce, even with a gunshot wound.

One of the men cast a derisive glance in my direction and rattled off more questions.

"Not tonight." Rock's voice left no room for argument, not even from the law of the city. "Lacey."

My name on his lips stopped me. "Yes, Mr. Weldon?" I went for a neutral tone.

"These gentlemen will be by to question you in the morning at the villa." He pursed his lips, and I knew what was expected of me.

"I'll be there." I gave him a slow nod.

Your secret is safe with me. I just hope it doesn't get us killed.

* * * *

I made it back to the villa without incident. My bodyguard George was a huge hulk of an Italian man. He sat in the front seat with Luigi. I sighed and worried the whole way there, despite the lights and beauty of Venice by night. The canal shimmered under the moon, and the thought of the ride I was supposed to take with Rock on it made my heart ache.

"There will be time. Please God. Let there be." I let tears flow now that Rock wasn't there to see. I felt I had to be strong with him, but for a few moments after he'd been shot, I wasn't sure if he would live or die. I'd never been in such a black place mentally.

"Because I'm in love with him," I whispered as I climbed the stairs to my bedroom. All was quiet in the house, and trays waited for me on a bedside table.

In spite of my worry and fear, I dove into the steaming pasta with clams, tart salad, and warm buttered garlic bread. When had I last felt so cared for?

My thoughts turned to the caller who had warned me about Rock. Who was it? Could the person have been the same who had shot Rock?

I shivered as I undressed in the warmth of the evening and slid between silken sheets. Exhaustion claimed me despite my head spinning with longing for Rock.

Please come back to me tomorrow...

* * * *

I awoke in the dead of night, unsure about why. Everything flooded back to me. George slept downstairs, and the house was alarmed.

"Rock," I whispered, his name like a prayer.

Then I realized what had woken me. A shadow shifted from the corner, and I started to scream.

"I wouldn't do that if I were you," a distorted voice said. A lithe figure came toward me, and I pushed back a yelp at the hideous Satan mask he wore.

"Get out now." I pulled the sheet around me.

"I don't think so."

"How did you get in here?"

The man laughed, and the sound sent a chill through me. "You don't need to know that, Ms. Pate. All you need to remember is that if you go through with whatever plan your beloved Rock has for you, you're going to die."

"I'm not afraid of you." I forced courage into my words.

"You should be." The masked figure tipped his head and walked a step closer. Fear sizzled through my veins as I spotted a knife in his hands.

"Did you shoot Rock?"

The man laughed softly. "I don't need to. Rock Weldon is hated by many, Ms. Pate. You just don't know that yet, obviously. He's not a good man."

The words coiled inside me like a snake, ready to strike.

"I don't believe you."

He shrugged. "Your choice." He paused. "Call me Lucifer if you please."

I gaped at him.

"I insist." The words were harsh.

"Okay. Lucifer." I closed my eyes, wishing the nightmare would end.

"I do see what he likes about you, Ms. Pate." His voice wound around me, sinuous and ugly.

I said nothing as he came closer. I knew he was raking me with his gaze.

"I'll come back and spend some more time with you later...if you force the issue."

"Leave now."

"As you wish. Don't forget our chat."

Before I could say anything else, the man who called himself Lucifer bolted toward the window and shimmied out.

I sat for a beat, stunned and unsure what to do. Recovering my senses, I grabbed my purse from the floor and rifled through it. When I found my cell phone, I breathed a sigh of relief.

Then I growled at my stupidity. Rock wouldn't be picking this up now. I dialed the number anyway that he'd included in the folder I'd reviewed last night.

"This is Mr. Weldon's answering service."

I hung up without another word. That would be no help.

Who was the man who had climbed into my window, and how had he gotten inside?

A quick check of the window made sure it was secure before I slid between the silken sheets. I'd have to deal with it tomorrow, and at least alert the servants to be on their guard.

Oh, Rock. Why can't you let the police deal with this?

* * * *

Loud knocking on the door woke me up too early. I rubbed my eyes and groaned, wanting to dive back under the covers as I thought of Rock in the hospital and Lucifer in my room the night before.

"Who is it?" But I knew very well who it was. The police.

Alphonse, Rock's trusted servant, spoke. "The police are here to question you, Signorina."

I sighed, closing my eyes for a moment, wishing Rock was there.

But he's in the hospital, recovering from the bullet some lunatic put in his shoulder.

"Please give me a moment. I just woke up." I stood, tension crackling through me. Then I sprang into action, throwing on a demure sundress with cap sleeves. I perched in a chair at the table where Rock and I had sat a couple nights ago. A lump rose in my throat. "All right. I'm dressed now."

The same two officers I'd seen in Rock's room the night before strode in, their mouths in firm lines. I motioned for them to sit down at the table or in a chair nearby.

"Hello, Ms. Pate." The tall officer flashed a fake smile in my direction. "I'm Officer Lioni, and this is my partner, Officer Castrono."

"Nice to meet you."

What a joke.

"We just have a few questions. We don't want to inconvenience you, but it's very important to us to uncover the perpetrator of the crime against Mr. Weldon. We have very few shootings in our country, let alone in Venice." Officer Lioni's frown deepened.

"Of course. I'll help in any way I can." I tried not to show my nervousness and put on a fake smile.

"What happened yesterday?"

I took a deep breath and recounted the brief story. "And then, I heard something, like a quiet ping. When I looked at Rock, blood was blossoming on his shirt." I stopped, my stomach fluttering at the horrible memory.

"All right. Did you see anyone suspicious in the crowd?" Officer Castrono leaned forward, his stare intent. Unlike the stereotypical version of the handsome Italian guy, Castrono's blond hair curled around the nape of his neck, and wide, hazel eyes seemed to miss nothing.

I shrugged. "Honestly, no. People were running and shouting once it happened." I wrung my hands, feeling helpless to give him anything he could use.

"I see. Ms. Pate, how long have you been, er, employed with Mr. Weldon?" Officer Lioni had a glint in his eye that I didn't like.

"Almost a week." My voice was hard, and I didn't care. "He hired me because he needed a bookkeeper before he went to Venice." I ad-libbed the explanation.

"Ah, right." The man gave me a slow smile I didn't like. "In that short time, Ms. Pate, did Rock Weldon confide in you about any enemies he might have had?"

I shook my head. "Absolutely not."

"All right. Did you notice anyone reacting to him harshly?"

"No. I haven't known him long enough to." I clasped my hands in my lap, my nerves on edge.

What do they know or suspect about Rock?

The thought of telling them about Lucifer, the man who'd come through the window, flitted through my head.

No way. Rock would want to handle it or have his people do that. And he will.

Even though he was lying in a hospital bed, I still trusted that he wouldn't let anything happen to me.

But maybe I'm a fool.

"Ms. Pate?" Officer Lioni leaned closer.

"Sorry. I'm just...overwhelmed." I put a hand to my forehead, hoping my ruse would work. I'd been totally lost in thought about things I didn't want him to know.

"Of course you are." He and his partner stood. "If you think of anything else, let me know. Here's my card." Lioni handed it to me, and I nodded.

"I will."

"Oh, and Ms. Pate?" Castrono halted at the door, turning.

"Yes?"

"Be careful. Rock Weldon has many enemies. Most deservedly." Without another word, he and his partner exited.

I sat down heavily. "Wow." My hands were really shaking.

The detective doesn't like him, most deservedly.

I sighed and stood, pacing. Was the Rock I knew the real one? Doubts flooded my mind.

"It's too late. I'm already in love with him." I squared my shoulders and gazed into the standing mirror in one corner. "And I'm going to see him through this. I know he's a good man. I just know he is. In my gut." I smiled at myself, feeling a bit better in spite of my nerves.

I shimmied out of the hastily-chosen sundress and changed into lacy black lingerie and a matching pantsuit that showed just the right amount of cle**age. Then I spent some time in front of the mirror. I had never considered myself vain, but putting on makeup could be very soothing. On my second coat of mascara, Rock's voice cut through the room.

"I'm home, Lacey."

I sucked in a breath, lust and relief flooding through me in nearly equal measure. "I'm coming." I ran to the door and threw it open.

He stood there, leaning against the jamb, clothing askew. A bandage on his arm showed clearly through his shirt. His face moved in shadowed planes, his lips a thin white line.

"You should be in bed."

He winked. "I have every plan to be. The doctor told me to rest up. I said I would but that we were still getting engaged tonight in a very public way."

I led him in to the room, wanting to kiss him all over. "Lie down. Let's talk."

He did as I asked, and my heart squeezed as he unfolded on the bed with a sigh as weary as a young child's after a tough day. "Can you help me with my shirt?"

"My pleasure," I whispered, swallowing hard. I was wet, and this man was totally vulnerable and weak.

He makes me crazy.

I sat beside him and helped him sit up again.

He moaned as I worked the shirt over his head. "I need buttons from here on out only."

"For sure." I smiled as the shirt came off, showing his sculpted chest. I threw the top aside and ran my fingers down his pecs. "Thank God you're all right." My voice shook with emotion, and I didn't try to hide it.

"It wasn't my time, but I'm going to find out what bastard did this." Rock frowned, catching my hand in his right one, the side that was undamaged.

His gaze held mine, and I couldn't breathe for a moment.

"This is all my fault, Lacey. I'm so sorry about all of this." His words were a caress.

"Don't beat yourself up. You just got shot."

"Look at me. Why did you do that...flick your eyes away?"

My God. How can he read me so well? Part of being a CEO of a company maybe.

"I don't know how to say it."

"What? Tell me now. I need to know what's going on. It's important. Someone's trying to kill me. Has anyone hurt you?" His grip on my wrist tightened, and I winced.

"No."

He brushed my hair behind my ear. "Good. So what is it?"

I made a decision then and there not to tell him about the phone call. I trusted him, but something held me back. I needed that little secret to myself, just in case all of this fell through and Rock wasn't the man I thought he was.

"Lacey? Tell me."

I moved to unzip his pants, and he inhaled sharply. "Just getting you undressed and comfortable like you asked. Do you want to go to your bedroom, or are you going to stay here with me while you nap?" I batted my eyelashes at him.

"Here is fine. Spill it." His gaze on me never wavered.

"Okay. Don't get mad that I didn't tell anyone till now." I took a deep breath, still unable to meet his eyes.

"I can't promise that if it's something that will hurt you...or us. I have a quick temper with some things. My father's legacy." His mouth tightened.

What did he do to you?

I helped him stand as his pants slid to the floor. Just the sight of him in black briefs that hugged all the right places made my mouth dry.

It's not right to take advantage of a wounded man.

"Sit down first."

He did so with a long sigh and a wince. "I'm sitting." Rock raised an eyebrow, and I wanted to jump him.

"Someone came into my room last night." I bit my lip.

"What?" Rock tensed up. "Who and how?"

"A man...a man in a mask who called himself Lucifer."

Rock's mouth fell open. It was the first time I'd ever seen him shocked. "Are you serious?"

"Completely." I shrugged tensely.

"What did he say?" Rock's voice rose, and I saw that he'd grasped the implications of such a visitor.

"That you aren't such a good man...for me not to go through with your plan-whatever it is. He didn't seem to know-or I was going to die." I swallowed hard around the lump in my throat.

Rock bolted up from the bed and began pacing.

"Rock, please." I moved to him, putting a hand on his good shoulder.

"I'm fine, Lacey. I can still walk." He gave me a dark look, and I plopped back down on the bed.

"What are you thinking?"

"That I don't like this one bit and that he was bluffing...whoever he is. He doesn't know there is a plan, but he will tonight." Rock's mouth was set in a grim line. "I'll have to tell George to step it up. Of course, I don't plan to let you out of my sight until this thing is over."

Wetness pooled between my legs as Rock leaned toward me and took my face in his hands.

"Please be careful, Lacey. If you ever seen that man again, don't wait to tell me. I don't care if I'm laid up in the hospital." Emotion lowered the timber of his voice, and his hands slid down either side of my throat in a sensual caress.

I moaned, wanting him more than I had to that point. "But when will it be over?"

"Soon, I hope. But in an hour we have a board meeting. I've called the group to Venice."

I gasped. "Really?"

"Yes, they'll be the first to know of our engagement."

I could hear the victorious note in Rock's words. "Oh." My throat grew tight.

Is he happy or just glad he's going in for the kill?

"But first...I need you to administer your healing touch, Ms. Pate." Rock squeezed my throat ever so lightly, and the world spun. "I see you do trust me, Lacey."

I liked the hint of danger, of his owning me and doing what he wanted. I'd never have let any other man put his hands against my throat like that, applying even a bit of pressure, but Rock Weldon. He was different.

"Of course I do. And that healing...coming right up, Mr. Weldon," I whispered and licked my lips.

He closed his eyes and groaned softly, tangling his hands in my hair as I lowered my head slightly and ran my fingers up his taut thighs. "I dreamt of this last night."

I smiled as I trailed kisses up his thigh and squeezed the spot between his left thigh and his hip joint. "Umm. And what did I do in your dream?" I ran my fingers lightly over his stiff cock, still hidden in his briefs.

"You sucked me until I could hardly stand it anymore. I wanted to throw you down on the bed, tie you up and make you scream for hours, but even in the dream, I knew my shoulder was messed up, and that would be impossible." Rock laughed softly and then gasped at my touch as I peeled his briefs back, letting his hard c**k spring free.

"Did you dream of this?" I grasped him in my hand hard and ran my fingers up and down his prick.

"God, did I ever." He closed his eyes and threw his head back.

I loved the look of bliss on his face, that I was the one who was giving him that feeling.

He's mine. For this moment, anyway...

A pang filled my chest. For a year or part of the year would be a false and probably painful engagement. How would I feel tonight when I knew the news of our impending marriage was a lie and that I'd have to let him go soon enough?

The questions nearly stopped me from flicking my tongue against the head of his cock. He groaned and ran his hands along my nape.

"I want that pantsuit off pronto," Rock rasped.

I stood, forcing back tears as I stripped slowly and deliberately.

"You're gorgeous, Lacey. I hope you realize that. I can't even be in the same room with you without getting a hard-on." Rock gave me a fierce look as I sank back on the bed, glad I'd chosen my lacy black panties and bra.

Me, gorgeous? Hardly.

"Thank you. You're not so bad yourself." I licked the plum-shaped head of his cock, my tongue lingering there.

"Lacey." Rock's tone made me look up. "You do know that, don't you?"

"Yeah." Tears threatened again.

How can this be real? He's so sweet to me, and I'm a nobody in this world.

"Good."

I took him into my mouth then, bearing down on his cock.

"My God, that feels good." Rock massaged my shoulders as I ministered to his dick.

Cupping his balls, I teased him, circling the head of his c**k again with my lips before plunging down on him. I squirmed with my own arousal.

"Turn around and straddle me. I want to see your pu**y, dripping wet just for me."

His command made me close my eyes. I climbed off him for a moment, and he lay down with a long sigh. I turned around, flushing a bit at the thought of his view of my backside in the thong panties as I straddled him backward.

"Are you all right? I don't want to hurt you."

"You won't," he ground out as I cupped his balls and grasped his c**k in my hands again.

His fingers found my nubbin, and he circled it as I gasped for breath. "I can make you come, wounded or not, Lacey." Rock chuckled, and I suppressed a moan as I took him in my mouth.

"But Lacey, I need to hear you tell me you want to come." His voice was lazy and slow, and I closed my eyes as I sucked at the plum head of his cock.

I slowly lifted my head a bit. "I want to come, Rock, please." My pu**y throbbed for it as he inserted a finger inside me.

"I think you'll have to beg a bit more than that." He smacked my ass with one hand and then gripped my hips, hard.

"That hurts."

"But it hurts good, right?"

"Yes, but I don't want it to do you in, too." I ran my tongue down the length of his rigid dick, working the base with my hand.

"You won't. I've been dreaming about this since they wheeled me into the hospital, bleeding shoulder be damned."

I suppressed a giggle at the thought.

"I'm going to come, Lacey. I don't want to wait."

The command in his voice sent a shiver rippling up my spine as I sucked at him harder, urging his orgasm on.

His own fingers were busy on my clit, stroking lightly and then more insistently until I squirmed, wanting my own release.

"I love it when you swallow, Lacey," he said, and the rush of his thick fluid shot into my mouth. I took it all, enjoying it more than I ever had with another man. I wanted to please Rock as much as he did me.

Rock flicked his fingers over my cl*t and pushed inside me with two of his digits just as I licked the last drops of cum from his cock.

"You do it so good, baby," he whispered, and at the urging of his fingers, I exploded, the light in the room going double for a moment. I cried out, unable to stop myself.

Rock chuckled. "George probably got an earful, but he's trustworthy."

I sighed and climbed off of him, lying down next to him. "You're amazing and with one good arm."

He grinned. "I know." Rock closed his eyes, and I was struck by how peaceful he looked, how innocent. Tracing his jawline with my fingers, tears filled my eyes.

This. I want this...for real, not with strings attached.

Rock planted a lingering kiss on my lips. "We have to get ready. I'll come by and get you in about twenty minutes."

I sighed, not wanting to let him go. I'd have to share him again soon.

"I'll be ready."

"Oh, and Lacey?" Rock faced the door, and I admired his ass in the briefs.

"Yes?"

"Wear those panties. You'll need them tonight."

"Yes, boss." A zing of pleasure went through me.

He left without a look back, and I frowned, thinking of the board meeting and sham engagement to come.

* * * *

I dressed with care, putting the pantsuit away and choosing a conservative pink suit with black edging. It still showed a little leg and a bit of cle**age, but it wasn't over the top. Pulling the lacy, vibrating panties on made me grin.

"This outfit says 'bookkeeper' without saying 'kept woman for the billionaire.'" I winked at myself in the mirror as I applied matching lipstick and fixed my hair. Being in love with Rock Weldon made being more than a bookkeeper something that didn't bother me. I didn't care if people whispered about us now, but I knew I'd care if he dumped me in a year, and the sham he was going to start tonight was shown to be just that.

I'm not going to let that happen.

I gripped my folders tightly, putting myself into numbers and accounting mode. I had people to impress.

When Rock tapped lightly on my door a few minutes early, my heart skipped a beat.

"Time for a quickie?" he growled, crossing the room toward me. All signs of tiredness were gone. His nap had worked wonders, and his old virility was back.

As if there was any question of my being willing and ready...

"But the meeting-"

"Hang the meeting. We have time. As the CEO, I can come in thirty minutes late if I want to, as long as I have a bullshit excuse," Rock said, taking me into his arms. He threaded his hands through my hair, pulling it as he kissed me hard and deep.

I drank in the scent of him, unable to suppress a moan of longing. Rock tugged at my skirt, and he backed me up to the bed, pushing my ass against it.

"Turn around," he rasped in my ear as he nipped at it. Rock jerked my skirt up without preamble and bent me over the bed, face down on the mattress. "I couldn't wait until later to taste you again." He yanked my garters loose and pulled my hose down. His fingers lay lightly on my ass for a moment, and the room spun as I wondered what he had planned for me.

His hands cupping my ass and his lips on my cheeks, sucking and teasing didn't keep me in suspense for long. I whimpered as his fingers found my clit. "I have just enough time to make the world spin for you, Lacey." Rock's lips moved to my cleft, and his tongue darted in places where no man's tongue had been before.

A wave of heat swept over me.

"Does this embarrass you? That I want to taste you all over?" Rock whispered, his fingers against my nubbin, sending sparks of sensation through me. My legs threatened to buckle, and I let them. Rock was holding on to me anyway as I allowed myself to collapse fully on the bed.

"No."

He smacked my ass lightly. "I don't believe you. There's no reason to be ashamed. You taste sweet." He gripped my hips-hard-as his tongue teased my entrance, and I sucked in a breath, hardly believing it.

"Rock-"

"Shh. Just let me make you feel good."

I surrendered to him then, my eyes closed as waves of pleasure washed over me. The throbbing in my cl*t grew in time with the mastery of his hands on me. His tongue probed deeper inside me, and I gasped for breath.

"Just let go. Come for me, Lacey, like I'm all you've ever known or wanted."

His words drove me over the edge. I gripped the sheets as I cried out in orgasm, stronger than I thought possible. Rock kissed his way up my backbone, his body pinning me to the bed in a not unpleasant captivity.

"I hate to say it, but we have to go. I guess it's best not to be late and rumpled. It might raise eyebrows."

I groaned as Rock scooped me up against him and his c**k pressed against my ass.

"I wish..." I trailed off as he caressed my br**sts through the dress.

"I'm saving it for later tonight. I was shot recently, you know."

I laughed as he helped me get my clothes back on straight.

* * * *

"Ms. Pate, this is the vice president of the company, Walter Marsh."

I shook hands with a balding, affable gentleman.

"How are you, Ms. Pate? I know you'll keep Rock straight." The man laughed, but I heard an edge to the sound.

Is he friend or foe?

He sat down at Rock's right. We were the only ones so far in the sterile meeting room in a building in downtown Venice.

"So, where have you worked in the past?"

I cleared my throat. "Several companies in California."

Rock interjected smoothly. "Ms. Pate's resume is quite impressive, and I've been happy with her quick take on the company's finances."

I smiled. "Thank you."

Mr. Marsh raised his eyebrow but said nothing.

The door of the conference room opened, and another well suited man sauntered in.

"John. Take a seat." Rock rose and shook his hand.

"Of course."

I studied Rock's handsome cousin, John Weldon. I'd met him briefly the same night I'd met Rock. It seemed like ages ago, but it had only been a week before.

"Ah, hello. You look familiar. Have we met?" John Weldon sank into a chair across from me at the long, rectangular table. He studied me, cocking his head as if puzzled, but his eyes held mirth.

He knows very well who I am.

Heat rose in my cheeks, and I waited a beat before replying. "I'm Lacey Pate. We met at the benefit at Mr. Weldon's last week."

"Oh, that's right. Pleasure to see you again, Ms. Pate. Are you working for Regal now?" He steepled his fingers.

The man is getting under my skin.

"I am."

"Yes, John. Ms. Pate is my personal bookkeeper. There were some things I wanted her to go over with the accounts."

I heard a strange note in Rock's voice. Is he uncertain about something?

He always sounded so sure of himself.

"Great, Rock. I'm sure her work is stellar. And how are you? Quite the excitement last night." John grinned, sliding his gaze toward Rock.

Something passed between the two men, a familiarity that went beyond being cousins. "I'm fine. Life goes on."

"Do the police think it was a random shooting?" Walter Marsh asked.

"I think so. They have no leads." Rock shrugged as if the whole issue was a minor one.

What is he playing at?

Something Rock had said to me before niggled at my memory. The man he suspected of stealing money from Regal had saved his life. Could that man be John Weldon, his cousin?

And for some reason he doesn't want to accuse him and deal with it in an impersonal way. But why? What does Rock have to hide? There has to be more to it than that.

I wanted to know that whole story now-about who it was who had saved Rock's life. There was so much about Rock Weldon that remained a mystery to me.

Eight other men filtered in, and I was introduced to each of them, but my mind wasn't on them.

I sat through the meeting, half listening until the end.

"And tonight, I'll have a very important announcement. I'm throwing a party at Ligotti's. Be there at 7:00. All of you. That's it." He rose with a half smile, and the board members shuffled out, throwing questioning glances his way.

"I hope the surprise won't be too severe," Walter Marsh said with a frown as he stood.

"Not severe at all." Rock didn't smile when he spoke.

"See you later, cuz," John threw over his shoulder.

"Later, John." Rock stood with a tired sigh.

When the door closed, I allowed myself to think. Could Walter Marsh or John Weldon be Lucifer or my strange night caller? Or was someone else behind those incidents?

"Ms. Pate. Are you ready?" Rock watched me as I made my way toward him.

"Of course, Mr. Weldon."

He brushed up against me as I opened the door. I shuddered at the contact, remembering he had the remote in his pocket. "I can't wait to try those panties out tonight." His voice in my ear made me shiver.

"Right. I don't think that will be a good time to give them a test run."

Rock strode beside me out into the late afternoon. "No? I think it's perfect, and it won't be the first time I'll use them." His wicked grin made me wonder what he was up to.

George fell in with us as soon as we hit the sidewalk.

"We're just going across to the Canal. It's time for a gondola ride, don't you think?"

My heart leapt. "I'd love that."

"We'll have to maintain some propriety for the sake of prying eyes, though." Rock smiled.

"Of course."

He led me down the street, where we passed a fleet of boats.

"Gondola?" a swarthy Italian man asked with a smile.

Rock nodded, and they bickered for a moment on price.

"We're going to ride from here back to the villa. Should be about twenty minutes."

"Great." We climbed gingerly into the lovely little boat. The air around me blew sticky and sweet, and the red, white and black of the gondolier's uniform brought a smile to my face. All the same, my muscles were tense.

"Relax, Lacey." Rock touched my arm after I was settled in the boat across from him. It was more professional that way, should anyone see us on the Canal together.

"It's hard to do that when someone shot you yesterday." I forced a smile.

"I know, but I'm not worried." He glanced at George behind us in the gondola. The big man looked uncomfortable.

I stifled a giggle. "Right. I'm not either...well, not really."

But I was. I didn't think I would make it through another attempt on Rock's life.

"Lacey, it will be okay. I promise."

I nodded, tears springing to my eyes.

Rock tensed. My fear undid him for some reason.

"I need to ask you something," I whispered in low tones.

"Aw, you're looking quite serious." Rock pursed his lips, and a buzz hit my clit.

I gasped, pulling my legs tightly together. He'd used the remote control on me.

"Stop that."

"If I must."

"You can certainly continue later but right now, I need to ask you some things." I took a deep breath, the smells of Venice filling my nostrils-leather, slightly dank water and pastries baking nearby.

"The floor is yours." Rock gazed away from me as he spoke.

Why does he do that? He doesn't want to let me in all the way. What is he hiding?

The words of the anonymous phone caller and of Lucifer came back to me. He's not the man you think he is...

"You mentioned something a couple days ago that I want to know more about." I stopped, my heart thundering.

"Certainly." Rock's face was impassive, his brown hair gleaming in the sun.

A sense of foreboding stole over me, so strong that I couldn't speak for a moment.

"Lacey, are you alright? You just turned pale." Rock touched my arm, and the slight contact sent a jolt through me.

"I'm fine. You mentioned that someone saved you as a child, the same person you think stole from the company...and who might be trying to kill you." I closed my eyes for a moment.

"Oh." Rock sat in silence as we went under one of the arches of the Grand Canal. His face was in shadow.

"Oh? That's all you're going to say?" Indignation rose inside me, and I clenched my hands together.

"No. I'm just thinking."

"I need answers, Rock." My voice was tense.

"Oh, really? Remember, Lacey, at the end of the day, you're an employee." Rock's voice was hard now.

"Right, one you have in your bed several times a day. I think I deserve to know whatever it is about you that you don't want me to know. Rock, I can't help you if I don't understand what's going on." I heard the desperate note in my words.

"You can't understand." Rock's gaze was toward the other boats bobbing past, a million miles away.

"Try me." Anger boiled inside me, but I was determined not to be in the dark anymore.

Rock frowned. "The child part was a stretch. It was later..."

"Later when you were saved, you mean?"

"That's right." His jaw worked. I could see the villa in the distance.

"And?"

Rock closed his eyes. His face had blanched. A pang ran through me.

He's so tired, and I'm pushing him. But it's for his own good.

"I was on the cusp of making it big. Regal was taking off. This was when I was twenty-three. Just a dumb kid with more money than sense." He sighed.

"Right." I crossed my fingers, hoping he wouldn't shut down on me.

"John and I went to a wild party here in Venice."

I drew back, surprised. "Really?"

"Yeah. I had connections by that time, and I could go anywhere I wanted, do whatever I wanted. Money buys you that kind of access, you know?"

I didn't, but I nodded.

"I've never told anyone this, Lacey. You're the only living soul who knows. Can I trust you?" Rock's gaze bored into me.

"Yes." I breathed the word, meaning it with all my heart.

"You won't look at me the same way anymore. You might hate me as much as I hate myself."

My mouth fell open. He looked haggard now. I glanced behind us. George had earbuds in and was listening to music, rather than to us.

"I won't."

He held up a hand. "Don't say that until you've heard."

I tried to take his hand in mine.

"Don't." He shook his head, lowering it.

I waited for him to speak. The villa was close now, and I didn't want to lose him.

"I did coke that night-way too much of it, but that was my style back then. Riding fast and high and the world at my fingertips. I'd gone to the club with a woman, a Venetian girl. Lolita. She was gorgeous, not really my type but back then, all that mattered was willingness to please me, and she had that."

I swallowed hard, jealousy rising in me for all the lovers who'd known Rock before, as irrational a feeling as that was.

"Yes, you were young."

Rock gave me a tight smile. "That's no excuse for what happened. Lolita and I were inside the club partying when she got jealous. I'd been chatting up another girl. I brushed her off and assumed she'd left."

"What a jerk." I listened to the soothing sound of oars through the water.

"Yeah, I was. So, I went to leave, still high as a kite."

I bit my nails. I sensed something terrible was coming in the story.

"And I backed over Lolita and killed her. It was an accident. She was apparently behind the car, half out of her mind herself. She didn't see me come out. She'd been waiting for me. She might have fallen asleep. She's dead now."

I nodded. "I'm so sorry."

"Sorry. For her I hope. Not for me." He let out a mirthless chuckle.

The flesh rose on my arms at the expression on his face, as if he were dead inside. "Rock-"

He shook his head. "That's not all. Here's the part you don't want to hear. John was with me that night. John Weldon. We were and are closer than brothers. Through all the foster homes, John and I stayed close."

"Okay." My breath came in gasps now.

"John took the rap for me. John said he was driving. No one else saw me out there in the car. He told me to go back inside through the back entrance. I did, and it worked. No one even questioned whether I was there. People were too busy partying to notice I'd left since we'd gone out of a side entrance anyhow."

"Oh my God." My hand trembled when I covered my mouth.

"So, you see. I'm not the man you think I am. John took the rap for me. He spent months in a Venetian jail, even though they ruled it an accident. He was charged for the coke they found on him."

"Oh, Rock." Pity swept through me.

"I wish to God I'd gone to jail. I wish I could bring her back. I see her face every day-in my dreams and in my nightmares. She didn't do anything wrong, and I killed her." His voice broke, and I sat in stunned silence.

We glided to the point of disembarkment, near the villa and climbed out without another word. I walked beside him up to the door of the villa.

"I need to rest now. Wear something smashing for tonight. My people have already invited everyone who's anyone to dinner and have said there will be a big announcement. We'll leave the villa in two hours." Rock's mouth was set in a grim line. "Now you see why this is so important to me. I just can't believe it's John who would do this. I won't lose him as my friend if I can help it, not when he was a friend to me."

"But Rock, what's the cost to the company? I understand your personal concerns, but it seems even bigger than that." My hand went to the wall to steady myself.

His face tightened as he stared at me in the dim light from the wall sconces in the foyer. "That Walter Marsh will become CEO. I don't want that...not for the people who work and invest with Regal Enterprises, and if my past comes out, I'm not sure I can keep it from happening. I've made too many bad decisions, Lacey. I'm not sure they can be redeemed." He glided up the stairs without another word, his head hanging.

I stood there for a moment and then made my way to my own room, my heart heavy.

* * * *

So, whoever called me and whoever is Lucifer knows Rock's secret, or the person he works for does.

I lay down on the bed for a while, despondent. What Rock had revealed didn't change my feelings for him one bit. It only helped me understand him better and see what a good man he really was. But his words about John worried me.

I'm not sure that he'll find him guilty even if he is. I sensed the rift that could open between us. Forcing myself to snap to it, I got up and rifled through the closet. A gold floor-length number should do nicely for wowing everyone.

"Even if I don't feel good, I'll look like I do. Here's to the future Mrs. Rock Weldon." I held the dress before me in the mirror as a single tear traveled down my face.

* * * *

"You...are stunning." Rock stumbled over his words as he took my arm and led me down the staircase some time later.

"Thank you. You're pretty amazing yourself."

He wore a full tux with tails and sparkling gold cuff links. The length of the tux suited his height. The crisp white stood out against his closely shaven skin. I wanted to take him right then and there and forget the engagement party.

"How's your arm feeling?"

He winced. "A bit better. The painkillers help."

"Good. So, what's my role tonight?" I asked as Luigi smiled and ushered me into the limo.

Rock slid in beside me. "Looking beautiful and demure, honestly." He pursed his lips. "Defer questions to me. I don't mean to sound like the typical alpha male, but in this case, it's for the best. No interviews. They'll be trying to get them. Your cell phone will start ringing almost immediately." He grinned.

"Wow. Sounds intimidating, but I can handle it." I took a deep breath, studying his strong profile in the dusk.

"I know you can. I knew it the moment I saw you." He leaned close to me, cupping my chin in his hand as he kissed me. His tongue met mine in an intricate and tender dance that sent fire through my veins.

He kissed me like he truly loves me, like I'm more to him than just a bookkeeper or a fiancee for hire.

When he released me from the kiss, he hugged me close, one arm around my shoulders.

I cleared my throat, emotion clogging it. "Rock, I want you to know, I don't think any differently of you because of what you told me. I only feel...so sorry you had to go through that."

"I don't know how you can..." He trailed off and sighed. "I just can't forget it. My whole life is like a drive to make amends."

"It was an accident," I whispered, taking his hand and squeezing it.

"Maybe, but that won't bring her back. I've never touched drugs since then." He grimaced.

"But you can live your life as a legacy of good. I think you are now." My voice shook.

"I'm trying." He smiled, and I noticed the shadows beneath his eyes, how tired he looked.

"Do you really think it's John?"

"I don't know."

A wall went up between us with his words. I felt him pull away from me emotionally, even as he shifted his h*ps slightly.

"I'm sor-"

"We're here." He cut me off and we climbed out of the limo. "Game time. I love the thrill of the kill. Always have, and I hope this will save the company and out whoever is doing this to me so I can fix things."

Flashbulbs popped all around us as Rock took my hand, giving it a gentle squeeze.

I forced tears from my eyes and plastered on a small smile.

My game face is on.

"Miss Pate! Why are you here tonight? Are you a new employee of Regal Enterprises?" Paparazzi lunged at us.

Rock held my arm tightly in his and pushed through the crowd. "No comment."

We made it to the door of the restaurant after what seemed like ages.

"We have our own room in the Alle Maddona. Best restaurant in Venice." Rock smiled, but I could see that he was tense.

"Are you feeling okay?"

"I've been better. My shoulder aches, and I think I could sleep for a week, but when I look at you, I don't want to." He winked, and I went hot all over.

"Mr. Weldon!" A boisterous host approached us, wearing a tuxedo.

"Hello, Bernardo. This is Ms. Pate."

I smiled and nodded.

"Let me show you to your table. A few of your guests have already arrived."

I noticed we had the large room and that a few guests were being ushered into a smaller one. George lurked behind us as we sat down.

"George is like a shadow." I suppressed a laugh.

"He is, and that's a good thing."

"If he keeps you safe, it is." I rolled my eyes.

Distinguished strangers filtered in, though I recognized a few faces from the board meeting. Walter Marsh wore a glum expression. John Weldon sat at our cozy round table across from me and winked. Two strangers filled the other two chairs.

I looked away. The room buzzed for another moment, and I counted nearly a hundred people.

Rock has friends everywhere and probably just as many enemies.

Then Rock stood up, and my pulse quickened as I got a whiff of his cologne. The scent reminded me of sex-with him.

"Thank you for being here tonight. It means a lot to me that you came on such short notice."

Murmurs and puzzled smiles met his statement.

Some people don't seem happy about this. I wonder if they know what's coming next. I shifted in my seat, my cheeks hurting from smiling.

"Enjoy your dinner. Order what you will. It's on me. I have an announcement to make before dessert, so hold tight till then."

Polite laughter trickled through the crowd, and my skin prickled with embarrassment.

"What would you like to eat?" Rock whispered in my ear after he sat down.

"Pasta. Anything. My stomach is heaving with nerves."

"Well, try to keep it settled till the big news comes out." Rock grimaced.

"I can hardly wait to hear the announcement. Big news for the company you've been keeping from us, Rock?" John's voice was a modulated purr as he studied me, malice in his gaze.

"Hardly."

"I'm on pins and needles," Walter Marsh said and sniffed.

With friends like these...

Rock ordered fish and pasta and fresh vegetables for me, and I pushed down what food I could as the waiters plied me with wine.

"So, how are you liking the fair city of Venice?" John asked, gulping his wine.

"It's gorgeous."

"It surely is. I don't mind taking business trips here." He gave Rock a look, and Rock shifted beside me.

He's taunting him.

Anger rose inside me, but I didn't know what to say. I bit my lip, hoping it wouldn't bleed.

"When are you heading back to California?" Walter asked, a querulous note in his voice.

"You'll learn that soon enough." Rock smiled. "I think it's time for my announcement." He rose and pinged his wine glass lightly with a fork. "Your attention please."

The room hushed in seconds.

I drew in a breath and gazed at the wall. I couldn't believe what was happening.

"I'm glad you joined me tonight." Rock stopped and turned to me. He took my hand in the lightest of grips and pulled me up from the chair.

My heart thundered in my ears. I thought for a moment I might pass out as everything went blurry.

"Hang in there," Rock whispered.

I steadied myself with a gulp of air.

Never letting go of my hand, Rock knelt down.

I couldn't help the gasp that escaped my lips as I watched one of the world's wealthiest and sexiest men, the CEO of Regal Enterprises, kneel in front of me.

Murmurs rose in the room. I couldn't look at the sea of faces. John cleared his throat and laughed softly.

I hated John Weldon in that moment.

He knows. He knows it's all a sham. A flare of anger washed over me at him and at the situation Rock was putting me in.

Doesn't he know I'm in love with him?

"I'm betting everything on you, Lacey." Rock whispered the words, so softly that I knew no one else heard.

He cleared his throat. "Lacey Pate, will you marry me?"

"Yes, I will...with all my heart," I said, my voice loud and strong. It hid everything I was really feeling inside.

I should win an Oscar for this.

"You heard the lady. Let's retire to the hotel for dessert and dancing till dawn." Rock kissed my hand and stood, taking me into his arms in the sort of hug we'd already shared many times before.

I could almost believe he meant it.

Silence reigned for a beat. Then everyone in the room broke into applause.

"Cheers, cousin." John held up his glass, and Rock clinked it as did I, a fake smile on my face. Walter Marsh kept his dour expression and only nodded.

As we left the room, Nadia Nargent walked in front of us, shapely ass swaying.

I hadn't realized the lovely stewardess and Rock's ex was still in town. Why I should care, I wasn't sure. He was marrying me, after all.

I guffawed aloud.

"What is it?" Rock led me toward a huge ballroom.

"Oh, nothing."

"Good. Are you all right? I really need this to go over, Lacey." Rock's brow furrowed, and my heart sank further.

This wasn't the same man who had had his tongue in my ass just hours before.

"I'm fine."

"Good. I need to speak with a few people before the party really starts. Mingle. Don't say too much. Smile and have fun, and see what you can find out. If anyone acts strange, let me know." Rock squeezed my arm as we entered the room. There was a look in his eyes I'd seen before.

It's the thrill of the kill. In some sick way, this is fun for him-it's just another challenge.

Before I could move, a group of men came over and introduced themselves. They were old friends of Rock's in Venice. Out of the corner of my eye, a flash of color caught my attention.

Nadia had her hand on Rock's shoulder, and he had his head thrown back laughing at something she'd said. Music started playing-Sinatra and a love song which was fitting for the night and for Venice. Nadia said something to Rock, and he took her into his arms.

"Ms. Pate? When is the wedding?" a woman asked me as I broke away from the group of men who had gone back to talking business.

"I'm not sure." I gave her a vague smile when all I wanted to do was cry. No one seemed to notice anything amiss.

Because Rock's a billionaire CEO. He can do what he wants whether it's a sham engagement, dancing too close with an ex-girlfriend, or anything else.

I clenched my fists and backed up to the punch table. There was no doubt about it. I was in way too deep in my feelings for Rock.

"Seems like Rock's otherwise...engaged," a smooth voice said to my left.

"Oh. He's just dancing. I wanted some punch." I gave John Weldon the best smile I could muster.

"So, let's join them on the dance floor." He winked at me, and I noticed, not for the first time, that he was handsome, too. He just wasn't Rock.

But what do I care? Two can play at this game.

Throwing my caution to the wind, I took the hand he'd stretched out toward me. "Why not?" I curled my lip and moved closer to him.

If he's Lucifer, maybe I'll find out, and at least Rock will be jealous.

I leaned in to John as we stepped onto the dance floor.

"Rock Weldon is a lucky man." John whisked me into his arms, pulling me right up next to his body.

I sucked in my breath, feeling every inch of him.

"I'm luckier." I put my arms around his waist, trying to make space, but he wasn't having it. My body responded to him with the rush of emotions going through me.

The music changed to an even slower, sensuous rhythm, and John's body melted into mine. Over his shoulder, I grinned at Rock, who had come around our way with Nadia.

Anger showed in his eyes, and his mouth drew into a firm line.

Deal with it, big boy. You wanted to dance with Nadia, I'll do what I want, too.

After all, it was a sham anyway. There would never be a real marriage between working class, formerly unemployed Lacey Pate and Rock Weldon, sexy billionaire. With that thought, I fought back tears again.

"Don't cry, Lacey. It's not real, is it? After all, fairy tales don't exist. Everybody knows that," John Weldon crooned into my ear, sending shivers down my spine.

