CHAPTER 1

I was on my hands and knees at Jonathan's front door, my palms inside the house, my knees still on the porch. The smell of sage and dry, morning fog surrounded me. The air was cold enough harden my ni**les, even though the sun baked my bare back. I wanted to touch my br**sts, but I wouldn't because I'd been told not to move my hands from the floor. I obeyed, though I didn't know why. My pu**y was wet. I felt the weight of my arousal hanging between my legs like the clapper on a bell, heavy and swinging.

I wanted Jonathan, but he'd gone somewhere, leaving me here like this. I wanted to press my legs together to squeeze my aching clit, but I'd been told to keep my knees spread.

A voice called my name. Darren. Then Gabby. God, no. They couldn't be here until Jonathan finished.

Then, I felt his dick pressed up against me and hands on my hips. I didn't have a second to gasp before he was inside me, pounding mercilessly. Hands gripped my ass, pressing hard enough to bruise, and the pain was a counterpoint to the pleasure, making it sweeter, wetter, hotter. I moved with him, slamming onto his cock. He pulled my hips up and pressed down the arch of my back, stroking my clit with his shaft. I was this close to exploding in a burst of moans and cries when I saw a mirror in the house that hadn't been there before, and Jonathan wasn't f**king me, but Gabby. She was moaning, and the bedsprings were squeaking.

I woke up, sweating. In the room next to mine, the bedsprings squeaked, and Gabby let the neighborhood know Theo was f**king the life out of her. God bless them.

I was not in a clear emotional state. Two days before, Jonathan had left me with a promise of fidelity and a swollen nodule between my legs that I pledged not to touch. A day later, his ex-wife had shown up at my job, apparently to tell me he f**ked her so hard the night before that he fractured a bone.

Yet, despite the fact that he may well have been a stinking liar, I kept my promise to save my orgasm for him. And I would, until I dumped him, at which time I was going to run into the nearest bathroom and relieve myself.

Theo finished with a Scottish-accented grunt. Thank God. I wasn't sure if they were making me uncomfortable or horny. Seeing them in the kitchen for morning tea was going to be awkward.

I went into my bathroom to shower and dress. Afterward, I walked out the back door so I wouldn't have to say good morning to anyone.

I felt constantly on the verge of an assault on something or someone. I got angry at the chair leg I stubbed my toe against. Traffic went from the cost of living in Los Angeles to a singular attack by a spiteful God. Mostly, I was angry at myself. I knew I wasn't capable of having a serious relationship because I got too involved and lost myself in the other person's needs. Nor was I capable of a casual encounter because I couldn't bear the thought of anyone I was screwing being with another woman in the same space of time. My only alternative was celibacy, a perfectly viable option, but I'd broken a perfectly good sexless streak to be with Jonathan. So I was stuck. Our relationship was too serious to forget and move on, and too casual to get upset over him f**king his ex-wife. I was a fool. A damned fool.

I got in the car and realized I hadn't put on any makeup. I looked in the rearview. Did I need any? I was only going to see my ex, Kevin. If I went in without makeup, it would be a sign that I wasn't trying to impress him, that I didn't want him back. I just wanted to talk, and I didn't need lipstick for my mouth and ears to operate. I didn't need mascara to see if I'd been crazy to leave him.

Kevin used to have a place downtown, but when the market for crap industrial spaces exploded, his rent tripled, so he'd split for the strip of land between Dodger Stadium and the LA River called Frogtown. I'd helped him move there four months before I left. The building had changed drastically in the interim. The broken brick facade had gone from a soot-encrusted dark red to a multicolored mural, corner to corner, of a huge young girl peeking into the front door as if it were the entrance to her doll house. The side of the building had been painted to look like the wall was see-through, with depicted trees and buildings that matched the real landscape of the LA River, like a Road Runner cartoon where the bird painted a single-point perspective road on a brick wall.

Those were not Kevin's work. The girl looking at the door was definitely Jack's style. The trompe l'oeil thing on the side looked like Geraldine Stark, one of his contemporaries. She was a quite prolific whore in the art scene, and I found myself wondering if Kevin had f**ked her at some point.

I rang the bell. I waited. I rang again. Waited. Just like him to beg to see me then get so involved in something else he couldn't answer the door. God, men were such f**kups. Every damn one of them.

The door finally opened, and I stood straighter so he wouldn't see me arched with annoyance.

"Monica," he said. "You came."

"I said I would."

He grinned his most gorgeous grin, straight-ish teeth a crescent of white in the pink dust of a set of lips that God himself must have used as a template for the perfections of the human face. I remembered kissing them. I remembered them running over the insides of my thigh, brushing against my pu**y, bookends for his flicking tongue.

"Come in," he said, stepping to the side.

"Thank you." I grasped the strap on my shoulder bag for something to hang onto as I caught his scent of malt and chocolate. Jonathan left me with a throbbing ache of desire unquenched because he thought it made me think of him, but he couldn't have had any idea how dangerous that was. A different person would have been f**king anything that moved.

The hall was narrow, and I had to brush by him to enter. He closed the door behind me with a metallic thunk. I passed doorways on either side of the hall. At the end, the hall opened into a warehouse space a forty-foot ceiling a cement floor he'd had poured himself. Waist-high tables stood all over the room in what looked like a random pattern but wasn't. They were set up in an emulation of Kevin's process. Each table was inaccessible without passing a necessary step before it, so the visual story of whatever he was working on could be told from the start every time. The pattern would never make sense to an outsider, but in his mind, it brought his installations together.

"Can I get you something? Tea?" He seemed tiny in the huge space. His white T-shirt looked insignificant and plain. "I put in a kitchen."

"Wow," I said. "Can I see?"

He led me to the far end of the huge space, weaving past the tables down a path he'd left for that purpose. The kitchen had glass block windows to the outside and a wall covered in magazine pictures of food stuck on with silk straight pins. The cabinetry was white, the surfaces embellished here and there with perfectly placed stickers or an odd tile in an incongruous color that a person with anything less than exquisite taste would have screwed up.

"Green okay?" he asked, reaching for a box of tea on a high shelf. His T-shirt rode up, exposing the path of dark hair on his belly, and I shuddered with the memory of touching it.

"That's fine."

He nudged the box, and it fell, bouncing off his fingertips. He caught it and smiled like a shortstop fielding a chopper to left. He put a two-pint saucepot under the faucet, and by the time he got it on the stove, I noticed his eyes hadn't met mine since we'd walked into the kitchen.

"So," I said, pulling up a fifties-style chrome and pleather chair, "what the hell did you think you were doing with that coalmine bullshit?"

His back was to me, and I could clearly see the muscles there tense. His shoulder blades drew close, and he looked toward the ceiling as if pulling strength from the heavens.

He turned his head only slightly to answer. "I entertained every idea of what you'd think for the year I worked on that f**king thing."

"Did you ever consider sending me a letter and asking me what I thought?"

He turned and crossed his arms. His biceps were hard and lean from building, hammering, and climbing. Kevin's work was motionless in the gallery, but very physical in its creation. "Yes, but honestly, Monica, once I decided to make the piece, what you thought was irrelevant. It wasn't about you."

Of course it wasn't. My stuff, my words, and our intimacy were his to use as he pleased. It was as if I'd never left. I didn't know what I thought I'd see by going to him, but he was the same old Kevin.

As if he could read my mind, his shoulders slackened, and his hands dropped to his sides. "That's not what I meant," he said.

"Yeah."

"What do you think?"

"I'm really pissed I left those jeans behind."

He smiled again, a barely audible chuckle issuing from his perfect mouth. He dropped his eyes to the floor, black lashes shining blue in the fluorescent light. I wished I didn't have to look at him. He was screwing with my head.

"There were other things," he said. "I really struggled with what to put in."

"Did you miss a maxi pad?"

"Oh, Monica. Always ready with a joke when you feel uncomfortable."

"At least I don't flirt."

He looked me in the eye for the first time, and the gaze lasted long enough to make me shift in my seat. I looked away.

"I deserved that," he said. "Can I show you what I wanted you to come for?"

I stood up and turned the heat off the tea water. "Yes."

We wove back through the tables in the big room. Most were empty, as he'd just shown something, but as I went by, I noticed nudes in charcoal and ballpoint pen: men and women, some alone, some twined together in scribbled couplings. They were illustrations of what was on his mind, and what was on his mind was much the same as what was on mine.

The wall facing the front of the building had a row of doors, and unless something had changed, the rooms were meant to house draft installations. He opened one and flicked on the light.

The room was windowless and similar in size to the one in the Eclipse show, and it was a disaster. A quilted comforter hung on one wall, a table with more p**n ographic scribbles on the other wall. Stacks of boxes littered the floor.

"What am I looking at?" I asked.

"Early draft. But I really struggled with one object because I thought I should return it, but then, I got mad at you again, and I almost burned it. I had the barbecue going in the back, but I couldn't."

"What is it?"

He reached between two boxes and pulled out a hard plastic case with a handle. I noticed a pink and red Dirty Girls sticker by the buckle.

"My viola!" I held out my hands and he handed it to me, then shifted some sketches so I could I put it on the table. "I thought I left this up with my parents in Castaic the last time we went."

"Yeah. It was in the trunk. I... uh..." He put his fingers through his hair. "I didn't want you to play for me. It kept me from thinking straight about you."

Things between us hadn't been perfect before I left. I had no idea it was as clear to him as it had been to me. I opened the case. My viola was in there, exactly as I'd left it, with the bow tucked in the lid and a pocket with extra strings and a pick I liked to use when I was feeling experimental. "Those last few months," I said, "I was very lonely. I could have used this."

He sat on a box. "I think hiding it was a mistake."

I should have been angry. I should have smacked the case across his face and run out with my instrument. But I couldn't. It all seemed so long ago. I touched the wood, running my finger over the curves. The gut core strings were dried out and would probably snap before I finished a song, and the fingerboard still had little grease spots from my hours playing.

"That was really dickish of you, Kevin." I pulled the viola from the case. "You're an unscrupulous ass."

"Is that why you left me?"

I felt a sinkhole open in my diaphragm. I didn't want to discuss it. I had just wanted to break up with him, so I did. How did I get manipulated into going to his studio just to discuss an eighteen-month-old hurt?

Because I'd done it wrong. I'd done what was right for me, telling myself I'd just do without all the discussing and crying. I was just going to avoid all the emotional illness, but there were two of us, and Kevin hadn't been part of the decision.

I popped the bow from the clasps. The case was cheap, student-grade. The viola, however, was professional quality, purchased at a West Hollywood pawn shop for my fifteenth birthday by my father, who approved of me.

I tucked the viola under my chin and ran my fingers over the strings. They were loose. I tightened a couple of pegs, but the sound would only be barely acceptable. Barely. "I left you because I needed you," I said.

"That makes no sense."

I drew the bow over the strings and adjusted the tension, waiting for one to break in a snapping curlicue, but it didn't happen. I got the tension close and played something he'd know, dragging that first note across the bow as if summoning it from our collective past.

"You weren't capable of being needed." I played the next note.

"Don't." His whisper came out husky, as if the command had caught in his throat.

I didn't listen to him, but played the song my mind would never have recalled but my body knew.

Kevin didn't sleep well. Unlike workaholics and TV addicts, he wanted desperately to sleep a full night, and unlike most insomniacs, he fell soundly to sleep at a decent hour. But about four times a week, he awoke in the early hours of the morning with a pounding, anxious pain in his chest. I woke up when he shifted. I held him, stroked his hair, hummed, but nothing put him back to sleep except me playing the viola. We had a tune we shared, a lullaby I wrote for him with my fingers and arm. I never wrote it down because it became as real as the bond between us, and it ceased to exist when that bond broke.

So I played it for him in that first0draft installation that looked more like a storage room than a homage to a breakup. And he watched me with his butt leaning on the table, and his ankles and arms crossed. I let the last note drift off. The song had no end; I'd always just played it until his breathing became level and regular.

"Sounds like shit," I said.

"I don't know what you were doing, playing that."

"Maybe you can tell me what you were doing putting my shit in a museum without telling me."

"I was scared."

I laid the instrument in its case. "Of?"

"The piece was happening, and I wasn't fighting about it."

"I want my jeans back." This was ridiculous. I didn't give a rat's ass about my f**king jeans. I just wanted to provide him with the exact thing he didn't want. I wanted to fight him.

"The whole thing is sold. Even the books and catalogs are sold out. You'd be after me and some collector on a Spanish island. Our lawyers would have lawyers."

"This is not fair," I whispered, stroking the brittle strings of my lost viola.

"I know. None of it was."

I knew he didn't just mean his piece. He meant everything from the minute we met to the moment I finished playing our lullaby. I felt emotionally dehydrated and raw at the edges.

"I should go." I snapped my case shut. "Thanks for not putting this in the piece."

I turned to walk out, and like a cat, he jumped in front of me, putting his hands on my cheeks. "You're happy? With this new guy?"

"Jonathan. You know his name."

"Are you happy?"

"It's casual."

"You? Tweety Bird? I don't believe it."

I'd forgotten that. He called me his canary when he was feeling warm and affectionate. How convenient for me to overlook that when he felt confronted in the slightest, or distant, or overwhelmed, he called me Tweety Bird. I never knew if he even realized the name he used for me said more about him than it did about me.

"Take your hands off my face," I said. His fingers fell off my cheeks as if they melted away. "I don't mean to be callous, Kevin. I don't want to fall into life unintentionally any more. Jonathan has a purpose." His eyebrows went up half a tick. That had to be answered. "Get your mind out of the gutter."

Out of the gutter meant one thing to the rest of the world and the opposite to us. It meant, Stop thinking it's about money.

"You know, I didn't ask you to come here to talk about us. If you could give me another ten minutes, we can sit in the kitchen, and I'll make you some tea. Properly. I want to pitch something to you."

I looked at my watch. I had the night shift. "You have half an hour."

He leaned down a little to look me in the face with his big chocolate-coin eyes. "Thank you."

He walked quickly back to the kitchen. He made tea with efficiency and grace, speaking with a catch of thrill in his voice I hadn't heard in a long time. I couldn't have gotten a word in edgewise if I'd wanted.

"We all make art about these big concepts. We feel like we need to put it all under a cultural umbrella if we want to get into the lexicon, but I haven't cried in front of a piece of art since I was in college. It's because the whole scene is up in its head. Banksy's scribbling culture, Barbara Kruger's still yelling about consumer culture, John Currin's talking about sex and culture, and Frank Hermaine is... I don't even know what that guy is talking about. No one's doing anything about the stuff that matters, stuff that gets us up in the morning and rocks us to sleep at night. When I realized this, I started being thankful you walked out. I mean... not really, but it made me realize that nothing I was doing made a damn bit of difference or touched anyone, and I thought if I could take that pain I felt and put it in a room, so when someone walked into that room who was going through the same thing, they'd recognize it. They'd say, yes, I'm connected to this. I'm feeling it. Can you imagine it? The bond? The potential? The power?"

In the middle of his pitch, he'd sat down, and like a coiled spring, perched on the edge of the seat, his legs splayed, heels rocking his seat back onto the corners of the legs. His elbows were angled to the tabletop, hands gesturing.

How young I'd been to fall so deeply in love with his enthusiasm. "So this is what you were trying to do with the Eclipse piece?"

"I was trying to exorcise you with that, trying to figure it out so I could get rid of you. But it made me think about what something truly personal could mean as a visual narrative, and then I thought, maybe it's not a visual narrative. Maybe it's a multi-media narrative, with one party speaking to the visual and another to the aural." As if reacting to my expression, he leaned forward even farther. "Before you think anything, both narratives need to fight each other. There needs to be an aesthetic tension until it all goes black and silent. It's an experience of fullness before death. Pow."

I sipped my tea. He needed to wait for me to think. I wasn't f**king him anymore. I didn't have to jump like a brainless fangirl on every idea he pitched me. Except it was a good idea. Everything about it could be beautiful, a truly moving experience, a three-dimensional cinema of tone.

"You're not talking about a linear narrative," I said.

"Of course not."

"Yeah."

"Yeah, what?"

"You should do it. But without my toiletries."

"Fuck your toiletries. I want you."

I took a long breath through my nose and closed my eyes. I needed to avoid lashing out. He couldn't have meant it sexually. Couldn't.

"Let me rephrase that," he said.

"Please."

"It's a collaboration. You do the aural, obviously."

I pursed my lips and stared into my tea. "Kevin, I can't."

"Why not?"

"For one, it would be awkward."

"Only if we let it be."

He leaned on the wall, his posture relaxed now that the pitch phase of the process was ended and the artistic seduction phase was about to begin.

"And two," I said, "I haven't been able to write a word or make two notes together make sense. I'm stuck."

"Getting stuck is part of the process"

"It's a no."

"So you'll think about it?"

"Your thirty minutes are up, Kevin." I stood. "It was nice to see you."

"Let me walk you out." He smiled like a man who hadn't been rejected but had just gotten exactly what he wanted.

CHAPTER 2

Fifteen minutes after Jessica Carnes implied Jonathan's roughness in bed had broken her wrist, Jonathan had texted me.

-What did she tell you?-

I didn't answer, and I didn't hear from him again. Debbie, my bar manager and a friend of Jonathan's, had seen but not heard the exchange and had alerted him while he was in San Francisco. She'd admitted it with no guilt.

"If you saw your face," she said, "you would have called him too."

"Sometimes I think you're more invested in this relationship than either of us," I'd replied, arranging drinks on a tray.

"I like you both. Jessica, not as much. Now go serve those before the ice melts."

But I was glad I didn't hear from Jonathan again. I didn't want to have some drawn-out phone conversation about what Jessica had told me and why it upset me whether or not he f**ked her. I didn't want excuses. I didn't want conflicting stories. I just wanted to do what I was supposed to be doing: making music, being at peace with it, watching Gabby, doing my paying job without a sad look on my face or clumsy spills.

So when I got another call from Jonathan, I sent it to voicemail. I was driving. And I didn't want to talk to him. I knew he was back, because for all my posturing, I was counting the days until his return. He texted, and I ignored it. But when I got to a red light, I had to read it. I was only human.

-If you're ending it with me just tell me, ok?-

Fuck. He had to go there. He had to undercut my delicious spite. I pulled the car over and drafted and redrafted a text. If I saw him before our studio time for WDE tomorrow, I could cut it short. No twelve-hour f**k sessions. Perfect. I needed to avoid hurting myself on his body.

-Tomorrow afternoon to talk?-

My screen told me he was typing, and I imagined his thumb sliding over the glass, the way it had slid over my body, and I shuddered a little as the car idled in a red zone.

-Public space?-

I started typing, then stopped myself. A public space meant I couldn't show that I was upset, and if I were honest with myself for a change, I was upset. The problem with a private space was that being alone in a room with him meant the conversation could only end one way.

-Private-

-Would the Loft Club be ok? Not exactly neutral-

-It's fine. 1pm. Gotta go-

I tossed the phone onto the passenger seat and put the car in drive. I'd scheduled Jonathan three hours before a recording session in Burbank. The session had been set up by Eugene Testarossa at WDE because Gabby and I didn't have a track between us.

The lunch meeting with Testarossa had gone smoothly and lasted exactly one hour. We were stroked, complimented, and offered gigs and contracts that could never be delivered. I'd become convinced some time during college that the most valuable skill one needed in Los Angeles was the ability to tell the bullshit from the real shit. Only one piece of reality entered the conversation.

"Carnival has a new label," Eugene said as he finished his salad. He'd taken us to Mantini's and spent the whole meal looking at the door. "Singer, songwriters. Not folk, but a kind of trip-hop poetry. Lyrically heavy lounge."

"I don't have a lot of songs ready," I'd jumped in. I didn't want to say I didn't have any have songs, but I couldn't lie completely without getting busted.

Eugene waved his hand. "We have a songwriter. We need your pipes." As an afterthought, he turned to Gabby. "And your compositional skills."

So we'd agreed to cut two songs written by a WDE client at DownDawg Studios in Burbank. Gabby and I were hip-pocketed, meaning they could take a portion of any money we made without committing to represent us over the long term. Gabby giggled the whole way home, but I felt as though I'd just had a fist removed from my ass.

The songs had been messengered the next day. For all Eugene's pretentions about lyrically driven vocals, they were lame garbage. I was going to have to work twice as hard to make them sound like anything. The last thing I should have done was make a date with Jonathan just before the recording session, but I'd been compelled. It was good timing. I'd have an excuse to leave.

When my phone blooped, I didn't look at it. If Jonathan and I were on, then we were on. If he had a change, he was going to have to wait for me to accept it. I wasn't playing games with him. I really needed to get to Darren's if I was going to talk to him and still get to Frontage on time.

I parked in my driveway and walked down the hill and right on Echo Park Ave. Darren lived in a two-story apartment building with a courtyard in the middle of a giant U. It was exactly like thousands of other buildings in Los Angeles: poorly thought-out, carelessly built, and hopelessly ugly. But the tall hedges and trees in the front gave it the appearance of a quiet hideaway, and its proximity to his damaged sister, who he had to watch if he was going to sleep at night, made it the perfect place for him.

The front gate was chocked open as always by the kids running in and out. I was thinking about how to ask him what I wanted to ask him and what answer I wanted as I trudged up the steps. I passed his window. The TV was on, so he was home. The front door was open, the screen was shut, and inside, Darren leaned on the kitchen doorframe and laughed. It was a relaxed laugh, done with his arms crossed, as an answer to something, and I felt as though I was eavesdropping. I raised my hand to knock, but a man with short sandy hair got up from the couch, and Darren laughed harder as he was engulfed in arms and kisses-wet and passionate-and four robust male arms tangled around each other.

I couldn't keep silent. "Aha!"

They pulled off each other and looked at me.

"Musical theater!" I shouted. "You're the mystery woman taking him out to shows!"

"Which one is this?" Sandy Hair asked.

They looked at each other, and Darren said, "You coming in or what?"

I went through the door and held out my hand. "I'm Monica. It's nice to meet you."

"Adam. Same here."

We shook. His grip was tight and dry. He was hot, with a little blondish stubble and grey eyes I knew would change color depending on what he wore. I tried to stay calm, but inside, I was giggling with delight. I was happy not only to uncover Darren's secret, but that he was only hiding happiness.

Adam picked up his jacket. "I gotta go." He approached Darren and went in for a kiss. Darren kept his arms crossed and turned his face to catch it on the cheek. Adam took him by the cheeks and turned his face, kissing him wetly on the lips. Darren was non-responsive.

"Oh, come on," Adam said. "Look at her. She's smiling."

"Kiss him! Kiss him!" I said.

He did, and it was such a lovely sight to see my friend happy that I had clench my hands to keep from clapping.

Adam finally pushed him away. "God, slut. You're making me late." He winked at me on the way out.

I knew I was smiling again. It was the uncontrollable type of grin that hurt my face.

"You're embarrassing yourself," he said.

"I don't care. Are you going to tell me everything?"

He threw himself on the couch and turned off the TV. "We met in the Music House. He comes in all the time. I thought he was asking for me because of my expertise."

"But it was your hot body."

He threw a pillow at me. "Would you stop?"

I buried my face in the pillow. "I'm so happy. I worried about you all the time because you rarely went out with anyone."

"I was confused, as they say. And Lord knows I couldn't burden Gabby."

I flung the pillow back at him. "Why didn't you tell me?"

"We have a past. I didn't want you to feel like I was... I don't know, like I didn't love you the right way."

"You didn't, you f**ktard. Now you do, but then you didn't. And why don't you tell Gabby now?"

He sighed. "Adam's last name is Marsillo. Which means nothing to you. But the CEO of Foundation Records? That's her maiden name."

"That's his mother."

"Gabby would know that," he said, "and freak out. She'd start making marriage plans. He's nice, but I'm not ready for her to start hovering."

I looked away, fondling the crease in my jeans. Gabby would handle her brother's homosexuality just fine, but he was right. Any connection to the music industry could send her spinning in either direction.

I jumped up and dropped into his lap, hugging him for all I was worth. I kissed his cheek.

He laughed and pushed me away. "Sorry, baby, you're not my type."

"I'm heartbroken."

"Did you come here to snoop or did you have something to say?"

"I saw Kevin."

"Uh oh?"

"Nothing like that. He wants to collaborate on a project. I'm totally stuck, and I thought if the three of us worked on it, I'd get unstuck, and we could be together again." I looked at my watch and bounced to my feet. "But now I have no time to even discuss it. Are you coming tonight?"

"Adam and I have tickets." He smiled. "Musical theater."

"You're a cliche."

He shrugged. "Don't tell Gabby yet. I don't like this thing with Theo."

"Why not?" I was annoyed that he'd deny her happiness just when he'd found his own.

"He deals scrips. He's the last person she should be messing with."

"How did I not know that?"

"You're head hasn't been in the game since you spent the night up in Griffith Park. Speaking of, did you see the pictures of you and Mister Gorgeous at the Eclipse show? They were all over the internet."

"God, no."

"Do you want me to pull them up? You look amazing."

"Absolutely not. I don't want to hear what anyone has to say about my life. Living it is hard enough." I went to the door, but thought better of bolting out. I hugged Darren again and kissed his cheek. "I'm happy for you."

He pushed me toward the door. I felt closer to him than I'd felt since we were in high school. "Get out of here," he said. "Knock 'em dead or whatever."

CHAPTER 3

At first, I wore the outfit least likely to land Jonathan's dick inside me. My jeans were tight enough to cut the curve of my ass and accent the space between my skinny thighs, but so difficult to get off in a heat of passion that I'd have plenty of time to think about what I was doing and deny him access. I wore a bra with three hooks in back and a woven shirt that couldn't be pulled over the head without unbuttoning it. I looked hot and physically inaccessible.

I realized that made me very easy to lie to, because I'd walk into the room, he'd make plans to remove my clothes, assess the difficulties and say whatever he had to in order to soothe my mind. I didn't want that. I wanted the truth about what had happened between him and Jessica the night he dropped me at my house. I wanted it in all its ugliness and gritty detail. I wanted all the pain and all the hurt. I owned it for trusting him and for asking more of him than he could give, even though I'd been warned. If he hurt me enough, I wouldn't make those mistakes again.

Despite the bruises that still stained the backs of my thighs, Jonathan wasn't the kind of guy to revel in hurting me, at least not emotionally. I was going to have to pull it out of him, and my suit of armor wasn't going to cut it. I had to weaken him. I had to make him tell me everything, even against his better judgment. I had to make him beg.

It was garter, then, and a dress with a flared bottom. I got aroused just putting on that outfit. I'd go to the studio in Burbank directly after, so I stuck a pair of spare undies in my bag and called myself done.

CHAPTER 4

As I stepped out of the elevator into the club's lobby, a throbbing ache developed between my legs, and with each step down the hall, my snatch swung a little as if aware of the garter I wore under the skirt. The upcoming conversation was going to be very difficult if I didn't get a handle on my sex drive.

I towered over Terry, the hostess, in four-inch heels. They made me about six feet tall, but I'd wanted to be looking Jonathan in the face. I needed to catch lies and half-truths before they dropped.

The room was a different one, smaller, with two sets of cocktail tables, and a leather loveseat and coffee table in the center of the room. He stood by the wall of windows, and when he looked at me, my heart stopped for half a beat. It was the work clothes, the charcoal suit, maroon tie, and the cufflinks. The glass of Perrier in his fingertips.

But when I got close, something had changed. His scent wasn't the dry one I remembered, but something like sawdust, leather, and wet earth. The aroma was less beautiful, but sexier, and I felt the effects of it in the weight and wetness of my snatch and the tingle in my ass.

"Hi," he said.

"Hello."

The door closed behind me. I wanted to hold him, to forget everything. If I could only pretend Jessica hadn't come into the bar, I would have wrapped myself around him. I stepped close to him, until we were eye to eye.

"Can I get you a glass of water?" he asked.

"No, thanks."

"Flat water? I can get it without bubbles."

"No, thanks."

"I can order up some cookies."

"I don't want anything."

"Can you just tell me what she told you?"

"You're all aquiver, Jonathan. What do you think she told me?" My tone was sharper than I'd intended.

He swirled the ice around in his glass. "Something that upset you." He was going to dance around indefinitely. He was guarded and undoubtedly ready to be dishonest about something.

I had come prepared to make it very difficult for him. "Yes. She said something that upset me. A lot." I hooked my finger in his waistband.

"Did she say you looked fat? She can be very catty."

"Funny guy." I pulled his belt from the loop, yanking the tongue from the metal hook. "I'm going to ask you a question, and I want it answered in detail." His belt fell open with a metallic clank. I took the glass from his hand and placed it on the table. His fingertips went for my face, but I pulled them away. "Hands at your sides."

"You're joking."

"Do I look like I'm joking?" I unzipped his pants. "I'm going to be on my knees. No touching."

"Was there a question? You said there was a question."

I dropped to my knees and rubbed his organ through his underwear, hardening it. I put my lips to it and breathed a hot breath, then rubbed my teeth through the cloth covering his growing stiffness. He groaned.

I pulled out his cock, the gorgeous thing, and licked the tip. "Are you ready for my question?"

"No."

I put the head in my mouth to get it wet, sucking on the way out. "You stop talking, I stop sucking. Okay?" I looked up at him.

He reached for my hair, but I pushed his hand back.

"Okay," he said, and I could hear the smile on his lips.

I gave the head another suck, then said, "Tell me where you went after you dropped me at my house and what happened there."

"I don't need a blowjob this bad, Monica."

"I want your guard down, and I want your dick." I slid my mouth all the way down then, lips dragging along the length of him, tongue following, my throat open. I let it feel the whole of me for a second before drawing it slowly out.

"God damn." He reached for the back of my head, and I pulled his hand away again. "I'm tying your hands behind your back next time," he said.

"You went which way on Vestal Street?"

"I'm just going to cut to it," he said. "Jessica's. I went to see Jessica."

"An hour after we agreed to be exclusive?"

I didn't want to look at him when he answered, so I took his dick in my mouth and worked it while he spoke.

"She texted me. She wanted to talk. I was always there for her because she was there for me. I didn't see any harm in it. I didn't think anything would happen." He must have felt a hitch in my throat, because he added, "Wait. I don't want to phrase it like that."

"Phrase it any way you have to," I said, stroking his dick with my hand. My saliva made it slick enough to work, and his sharp intake of breath told me he could slip up anytime. A drop of pre-come oozed from his red tip, and I caught it with my tongue. I licked down to the base, his skin paper thin against my tongue, and what I was looking for, the scent of another woman, was nowhere on him.

"Monica, I like you. I don't want to-" He gasped as a tooth grazed his shaft.

"Speak. I can take it."

"I didn't f**k her. I don't know what she said, but I'm not telling you anything else while you're sucking me off." He grabbed my wrists and placed them on my head like I was being arrested. "Now, finish the job."

I looked up at his smiling lips. I didn't know what he'd done. Undoubtedly, there was more to the story, but was I going to swallow a load of his come to find out?

I opened my mouth. He held my wrists in his right hand, gripping them tightly. With his left, he guided his c**k into my mouth, and unlike a second ago when I had controlled the situation, the taste and tautness of his skin sent a bolt of pleasure through me. I couldn't resist it. My pu**y bulged when he tightened his lock on my wrists. Jesus, the motherfucker sucked away my resolve and turned it into orgasms.

He put his left hand to the back of my head and gently thrust himself down my throat, letting out a groan on the third thrust.

"You okay down there?" he asked.

I made a noise that indicated I was.

"Take it. All the way."

The act of obeying his command engorged my clit. It throbbed, demanding I notice the tone of his voice, his new smell, his hand tugging the hair at the back of my head.

"Flatten your tongue along the bottom. Ah, like that."

He pushed into my throat, my tongue stroking the underside of his throbbing, hot cock. He squeezed my wrists and thrust hard and fast, holding my head still. I opened my mouth wide to keep from biting him as he went down my throat to the base. The hairs of his stomach tickled my nose. All the concentration it took to keep my mouth open and take his c**k only brought my own orgasm closer.

"I'm coming," he whispered. It was a statement, not a question, and I was meant to prepare to swallow.

He grunted and came, sharp and sticky down my throat. I breathed through my nose, taking him without gagging and letting his juice run out as he finished. When he came to a stop, I kissed the end of his cock. He released my arms.

When I put them down, I caught a shooting ache in my biceps. "I better not find out you're lying," I said. "That was the best blowjob I ever gave anyone."

He put himself back in his pants and zipped up. "You have a funny way of showing a guy you're pissed off." He reached for my hand to help me up, and I took it. He steadied me as I wobbled on my high heels.

"Welcome home," I said. "Now, I've been upset for days."

"I'm sorry about that. If you had called me, I could have told you sooner."

"But you did something with her."

He touched my chin with two fingers, then slid them over my jaw and down my neck, down my chest, stopping at my nipple, which was rock hard under my dress. He brushed his thumb against it and leaned his body into mine, kissing my lips softly while he stroked my breast.

"Why do you want to know?" he asked.

"I hate secrets."

"I have secrets I may never tell you."

"I only want this one today. I know she's yours. I know she has your heart, but you promised me your body, so I have the right to it."

He kissed my neck, finding the sensitive spots. "She has nothing of mine."

My hands went under his jacket, finding his waist. I stroked the shape of him while he moved off my breast and down to my ass.

He gasped in my neck when he felt what I was wearing under my skirt. "Monica."

"I was ready to do whatever I needed to so you'd tell me."

He stepped back. "Pick up your skirt."

"We didn't get to enjoy this the other night." I pulled up my skirt so he could see the garter, minus the panties. "So you're telling me, right?"

"No."

I put down my skirt.

He stepped closer and brushed his finger against my collarbone. "No games. I don't want to tell you because it's better that way. But I'll tell you this: I spent the past three days thinking about you, how much I wanted you, and realizing I was free to have you." He kissed me, a slow, soft grind of his lips and tongue, and I yielded to him. "Tell me you're mine," he whispered. "Say it."

I wanted to. I almost did. I almost promised him whatever he wanted, but the anxiety of the last few days nagged at my chest and throat. "Tell me what happened with Jessica."

"I'm afraid I'll chase you away, and I don't want to do that."

"I can take it."

"Fine then. Turn around."

I let go of my skirt and faced away from him. He put his palms on my ass, then moved closer and drew them up my back until his newly erect penis was pressed against me. He unzipped the simple black dress and pressed his hands to my shoulders in such a way as to turn me around to face him.

"Take it off," he said.

I let the dress slip over my shoulders and onto the floor. I stood in the black garter, black heels, matching lace bra, and a wet pu**y. I stepped out of the dress and pushed it to the side. He watched me, and I could almost see his brain working. He stepped back to me and kicked my legs open with his foot, then stroked my forearms, down to my hands. He laced his fingers into mine. His eyes were not unkind, but hard and focused.

"I'd f**k you senseless," he said, "but I never got more condoms."

"You'll make it up to me."

"What did she say to you?" he asked.

"I asked her how she broke her wrist, and she said, 'Jonathan can be rough sometimes.'"

He made a little snort that might have been mistaken for a short laugh if the rest of his face hadn't been so hardened. "First of all, that's a typical Jessica contextual lie." He moved my hands behind me. "Lean back." He held my arms steady so I wouldn't fall, until my back was arched enough for my hands to lean on the back of the love seat. His body curved with mine, his breath on my shoulder as he drew his hands up my arms. "It's true as a statement, but false in context. Second of all, she doesn't know from rough. You, my darling, got me rougher than she's ever seen."

He stepped back from me, an artist working on a piece. I stood, legs apart, back arched, arms behind me leaning on the back of the sofa. I felt exposed, vulnerable, and turned on. He'd called Jessica a liar, and one with her own brand of lying. I noted the change in attitude. He put his hand on the small of my back and pushed up, arching it further, exposing me to him, and forcing me to look at the ceiling.

"She lives in Venice, on the water," he said as he lifted my bra, exposing my tits so he could stroke the rock-hard ni**les. "And she was waiting. As soon as I drove up, she was in the doorway. She hadn't acted happy to see me in two years or more. And yes, I thought about you, but I figured, only a few hours had passed. If I needed to get out you'd understand. Or not. I wasn't on ethically shaky ground."

A drizzle of wetness dripped down my leg.

"She hugged me and pulled me into the house. I kept asking her what was wrong, and I mean I shouldn't have been surprised, but there was so much shit missing."

"Her boyfriend left and took his stuff," I said.

"I was happy. I was excited. I felt like I'd won some kind of war." He reached down to part my thighs more than I thought physically possible, his finger grazed the drip. "A war of patience. She poured us some wine and as soon as she started talking about how great she felt that he was gone, I knew something was wrong." He brushed his wet finger against my lower lips, and I tasted myself. "This is turning you on."

"What you're doing. Not what you're saying."

"She put her hands on me. I can't tell you how long I waited for her to touch me again." He put his hand between my br**sts and moved it down my belly, touching the diamond in my navel and circling it before he drifted down to my crotch. He brushed against my snatch only long enough to feel the dampness then moved to my thighs again.

I moaned and pushed against him.

He pressed his hand flat against my snatch, letting me do the work of grinding against him. "And I kissed her. I admit it. I couldn't have stopped myself. She said, 'Make love to me Jonathan, like you used to.' So I threw her on the couch."

I scrunched my face because I didn't want to show I was upset. I wanted to enjoy him and his touch and not hear what happened that had kept him from making love to his ex-wife. Had she pushed him away at the last minute? Or had the boyfriend walked in? I didn't care anymore. "I don't want to hear it," I said, staring at the exposed beam on the ceiling.

"Too late." He picked up his glass of Perrier and placed it on my chest. "Don't let this fall."

I couldn't look at him or the glass would tip. An icy cold patch formed at the center of my sternum.

He kneeled between my legs. "She smelled like I'd always remembered. Like cut grass." He kissed the inside of my thigh, licking away the juices from my pu**y as he made his way upward. "And I thought, ah, I remember this smell. And I was kissing her, but..." He stopped and kissed my clit once. "I realized I didn't want her. And the cut-grass smell?" His tongue went from my pu**y to my clit and back.

I moaned again, louder. He pulled me open. The air itself was a physical pressure on me, and I wanted him, just this once, even if it would be the last time.

"The cut grass smell wasn't love. It was gratitude. I felt like I was kissing one of my sisters." He gave my clit a suck, a fast, light thing that got a cry from me. "Then I thought of you, and I knew I had to get out of there. That was the end of that."

With that, he put his tongue on my clit, breathing hot breaths, wiggling his tongue until I thought for sure I was going to tip the glass. I felt gratitude, too, and it smelled nothing like cut grass.

"Kissing is cheating," I said. "Even if you had to do it to get over her."

"Yeah. But I figured if I got my lips on your cunt before I told you, you'd forgive me. I think we walked in here with the same strategy." He slid his fingers into me. "If that glass drops, I stop, and you go home with a baseball."

"I don't forgive you." Cold condensation dripped off my chest and down my sides.

"I know." He pushed his fingers in as deep as they'd go and used his other hand to expose the hard nodule at the top of my snatch. "You have a beautiful cunt, Monica."

I had not a second to think about how that word was foul and disgusting from anyone else's lips before he put his tongue to my clit and all thinking disappeared. Three strokes with the tip and a suck. Four strokes and a longer suck. Pushing fingers in and out, stretching me, while he licked me again, then he jammed his fingers all the way in and gently used his teeth on my clit.

"Oh, God," I shouted. The pain was sharp but immediately followed by a pleasure I'd never experienced, as if the nerves were exposed raw by the bite and made more alive by the gentleness that followed.

"That a good 'oh, God' or a bad 'oh, God'?"

"Great, good, f**king God."

He did it again, pressing his teeth a little harder and adding a suck to the grind of his teeth. The pain and pleasure coexisted, moving from opposite poles to the center of me. I writhed enough to shake water from the glass and onto my belly, but not tip it.

He sucked my clit through his teeth, and I filled his mouth with stars.

"I'm coming. Fuck. Jonathan...."

He moaned into me, and I knew that meant I was allowed to come. And he didn't stop or pause long enough for me to stop the freight train of my orgasm. I tried to keep my body still, but toward the end, as the sucking felt as though his mouth was pulling every last bit of pleasure from me, I lost control of my body, and the glass tumbled, rolling along the floor. My back arched even more. The top of my head wound up on the loveseat cushions, and Jonathan stood to keep his head between my legs. He kept sucking even after I tried to push his head away, his pu**y-wet fingers holding my thighs.

He moved his mouth away when I was a hot, shuddering mess. I breathed heavily, getting my bearings again. He put his hands around my waist and lifted me to standing. I still couldn't speak. He lowered my bra gently, then picked up my dress from the floor. I fell on him, and he laughed, holding me up.

"You all right?"

"I don't think all my parts are attached."

"You look just as perfect as you did ten minutes ago."

I breathed into him for a second, taking in the new, musty scent. "I don't think I have the coordination to get my clothes on." I got my bearings, feeling sexually satisfied in a way I knew wouldn't last. I could be ready for another go in minutes.

Jonathan found the neck opening of my dress and lifted it over my head.

I wiggled my arms through the sleeves. "What did she do for you that you're so grateful about?"

"I'm about to be cryptic," he said.

"Great."

"I went through some stuff when I was younger, and I was treated like it all happened to me. I was this victim. She showed me that I was responsible. She gave me my manhood back. That too heartwarming for you?"

I caught the sarcasm in the last sentence, but also the defensiveness. I turned my back and moved my hair out of the way so he could zip me up.

"How did she break her wrist?" I asked.

He slowly zipped up the dress. "I said I was sorry and that I couldn't do this with her anymore, this whole dance we've been doing. She ran out after me and tripped on the walk. Fell on her wrist. I couldn't get my doctor on the phone, so I took her to the ER and waited with her. The only four words she said to me? 'Is it that girl?'"

"She was talking about me?"

"I assumed so."

"What did you say?"

"I lied."

I turned around. "You said I wasn't a girl?"

He smiled. "I said you were nothing to me. I think I used the word dalliance."

"Am I a dalliance?"

"Not for me. Not anymore." Looking pensive, he smoothed my dress. "But you see what she did when she thought you were. Made a special trip up to the Stock just to hurt you. If she knew I think about you all the time... well, she's possessive. Even after she left me she made it a point to find out who I was with and what I was doing with them. I thought it meant she still loved me, but actually, it means she's crazy." He kissed my hands, then my cheek. His face smelled like my pu**y. "Do you have a few more minutes?"

"Some. I'm going to record something in a few hours. I set it up so we couldn't be together too long."

"Clever girl."

"Well, now I just want to eat you alive."

He turned me back around and kissed me. The taste of our tongues was a mix of sex and sweat. I fell into him, a groan rising in the back of my throat. I wanted him again, and again.

He moved his mouth to my nose, my chin, and spoke into my cheek. "I need to wash up. Can you meet me downstairs in the bar?"

CHAPTER 5

I carried a toothbrush in my bag because I knew, at the very least, his dick would be in my mouth, and I didn't want to hit the high notes at DownDawg Studio with blowjob breath. I washed my face, readjusted my dress, and slipped on my panties. They made my pu**y feel gagged, but if any part of me needed to shut up for a minute, it was the sopping cup of sensation between my legs.

He was waiting at a small table near the window, a bottle of Perrier and two glasses ready. He saw me come in, and I noted the appreciation in his gaze.

"How long do I have?" he asked. He scooped a couple of beige pistachios from a porcelain bowl. A metal bowl sat next to it, a couple of empty shells nesting inside.

"About ninety minutes. No time for another round." I sat. Our chairs faced the windows and were so close our knees touched.

"That's fine. I just want to talk to you."

"You smell different," I said.

He smiled. "The last cologne... Jessica got it for me for Christmas seven years ago. I had something new made up north. Do you like it?"

"It's the other side of you."

He removed the meat from a nut and placed it to my lips. I glanced around. The bar was empty except for Larry, who was wiping glasses to an optic shine. I took the nut into my mouth like an offering.

"Which side is that?" He looked at me with those tourmaline eyes, his copper hair glinting at the edges from the afternoon sun.

I didn't know if I was allowed to fall for him, since he'd shed Jessica like an old skin. I didn't know if I was allowed to believe she was gone, or if that much had changed between us. "The side that makes me beg."

"You like that side of me?" He cracked another pistachio, tossing the shell into the metal bowl with a plink.

"You can't tell?"

"I want to make sure you're not tolerating it for other reasons." He placed the nut to my lips again.

I took it, letting the wet part of my lips graze his thumb. "If I were, I'd just lie about it."

"True."

"What do your instincts say? Am I a liar?"

"You're as real as anyone I ever met."

He turned his attention to the pistachios, popping another one open and dropping the shell with a plink. He ate that one, then another. Plink, plink. "I had business in San Francisco, but also, there's a woman up there."

The cold metal feeling that went up my spine must have made a sound loud enough for him to hear.

He glanced up at me and spoke in the voice he used when he was telling me to put my hands behind my back. "Wait. Let me finish."

That calmed me enough to remove the ice from my veins. "Go on," I said.

He fed me another nutmeat, plinking the shell with his other hand. "Her name is Sharon. We've been f**king on and off for a couple of years. We're very honest with each other, and she likes some of the same things in bed that you and I have done, but she's more experienced with it. When I got there, I saw her, and I told her about Jessica and you. I ended it with her, of course. Judging from your face you needed to hear that?"

"Sorry. I don't mean to be possessive."

He smiled. "You're fine." Plink. He put his face close to mine and brought his hand under my chin, a thumb on one cheek, and pressed lightly opening my mouth.

My eyes went half-mast and a burst of pleasure blossomed between my legs.

With the other hand, he fed me the nut. "I want you, Monica. I want you on a regular basis. Constantly, actually. I don't think about much else." He let go of my cheeks and brushed his thumb against my bottom lip before taking his hand away and letting me chew. "I'm on the brink of being completely infatuated with you. I need to know if you feel the same."

I swallowed. Did I want him? Jesus f**king Christ, I'd never wanted anything so badly. I took a sip of water. "While you were away, and the last words I heard were Jessica's, I felt emotionally heightened. Sometimes, I just shook with rage. It doesn't matter that you didn't do anything, or didn't do much, or that you had to kiss her to get over her. The fact was, I had a hard time functioning. That's why I don't want a relationship. And the trouble is, you can't promise me I won't feel like that again."

"No, I can't." Plink, plink.

"But how am I supposed to walk away?"

"You can't. You're mine. The minute I told you to spread your legs and you did it, you were mine. When I told you to beg for it and you did, you were mine. When you put your hands behind your back without being told, I owned you. You never had to say a word. You're a natural submissive."

Plink. When he turned away from the bowl to look at me, he had a nutmeat in his fingers, ready for my lips. His face, which had been so close to mine, slid half a step away. "Why the look?" he asked.

"What did you say?"

He smirked and got his face close again. "You are a natural submissive, Monica. You enjoy being obedient. You cede control with both hands. It's exactly right."

I was shaking. I wanted him, and five minutes ago, he was mine. He'd given up on his wife and wanted me, and the ache of holding back my feelings for him was quelled, if only for a moment. Until he called me a submissive.

I took my own f**king nut and cracked the meat out. "What were you thinking about us? You gonna put me on a leash?"

"You just turned into stone."

I chewed, not commenting. I wanted an answer. He stalled, pouring himself half a glass of Perrier, and I was immediately reminded of the glass I'd spilled on the floor.

"Women I take to bed, mostly they defy me, or act cute, or overdo obedience but don't mean it. Many pretend to like getting tied to the bedpost. One was so pliable it was disconcerting."

"And this Sharon person?"

"She's a submissive. That's what she does. So she nailed it, but it's not that kind of relationship. I could talk to her about what I liked, and we could try things together, but it's not like you. I want you. I can't get enough of you. You're strong. I want to see how you look with your wrists tied to your knees. I want to spank you red in the ass. Because you can take it." He paused, looking at me. "And I think I scared you. It's not what you think. I don't want anything from you that you already haven't offered."

"With both hands, apparently."

"It's beautiful, Monica. Don't make it ugly." He tilted his head, as if trying to see through me.

I tossed my pistachio shell into the bowl with a plink, feeling surly and confused. "Was Jessica submissive?"

"No. I think it's what drove her away."

I couldn't help but think Jessica's refusal to be dominated meant she was respected more than I would ever be. I'd always be the child, the one who could be bossed around, dismissed, belittled, and abused.

"Monica, what's on your mind?"

"No," I said.

"No, what?"

"No. Just no." I grabbed my bag. "But thanks for asking."

I took big steps in my high heels, nodding to Larry, who I'd probably never see again, and went out to the hall, where the elevator waited. There was an image in my mind, a thought, and I was keeping it at bay. Something about the nuts and the things he said was bringing a memory back to me.

He caught my elbow as I pressed the elevator button. "Monica."

"Don't touch me."

"What is it?"

The doors slid open. I didn't think he'd follow me in, but he did.

"Leave me alone."

"No. Fuck, no!"

The doors closed him in, and we headed down.

He took me by the biceps. "What is it? Is it the word? We'll pick a different one."

"It's not what I want. Please. Just forget everything. I'm sorry. I can't."

"Why?"

I didn't want to think about why. I didn't want to answer. I looked up at him, thinking maybe I'd find some words to string together that would be reasonable or acceptable without letting through the image I held at bay. His face, his posture, everything told me I'd hurt him.

"I'm sorry," I said as the doors opened. I ran out, into the hall, through the lobby, and into the parking lot. Lil sat with the other drivers and got up when she saw me, but I ran past. I got into my car and put it in drive before the engine was even engaged.

The downtown streets jogged the car. I couldn't drive correctly. My mind was a soup of images I wouldn't acknowledge. I pulled over in front of a set of bay doors on an empty dead end street and put the car in park.

My hands were shaking. I had to calm down. I had to cut a song in an hour. In Burbank. Who knew what the traffic would be?

Breathe. Breathe.

As I relaxed I felt a cord of arousal under my skirt. I closed my eyes, thinking about the silly junk I was going to have to sing, the cliches and simple chords. I had to add me to it. I had to breathe life into something dead. That was all I should be thinking about.

I heard a plink on the roof of the car. Then another. It had started to rain. Plink, plink. Through my relaxation, the memory came. The one I'd tried to shut out.

A club. Kevin and I went places and did things at night, in the odd hours, in the corners of the city, seeking out subcultures and twisted paths. Because we were artists, nothing was beneath our understanding or experience.

The club was dark. I'd been there before. There was nothing at all special about it. We sat at the end of the bar, by the wall. I'd been drinking something, and Kevin had my hand in his. His fingertips were cold from the ice in his glass, and I enjoyed the way he drew circles inside my wrist with them. I felt delicious and loved.

I heard a creak of old hinges above me. I looked up. The wall above seemed to have a hidden door, and a shelf and false wall swung out. A blindfolded woman about my age was tied to the shelf, on her hands and knees, hands and head facing the room. She wore configuration of leather ties that bound her wrists to her knees. A silver ring with the circumference of a castanet kept her mouth open and her head raised. The leather harness holding it in place was strapped around her head and connected to a hook on the wall.

The bartender slapped a metal bowl under the shelf holding the girl and got on with his business, as if girls were tied to the wall all the time. Kevin barely glanced up, and though I tried to keep my mind on the conversation we were having with Jack and his girlfriend, my eyes kept going to the girl. She wore pink cotton panties that didn't go with the black leather garter pressing her tits to her ribs, but when I noticed a carefully placed mirror, I knew why. Her panties were soaked through at the crotch, and the pink showed off her arousal in a way leather wouldn't. I turned back to some conversation about process art in the 1980s.

I heard a plink, plink and followed the sound to the metal bowl. I craned my neck. It contained a few drops of clear, whitish fluid. I looked up. The girl, her mouth forced open by the ring, was drooling spit and se**n down her chin and into the bowl. Plink, plink.

I caught sight of her eyes in the crease under the blindfold. She looked away when we made eye contact. I realized then that she could see through it. The blindfold wasn't there to protect her identity, nor was it to protect her from seeing us look at her, but to protect us from seeing how turned on she was.

I wasn't her.

That was submissive. I wasn't that. No, no, no.

Kevin and I had gone home, and neither of us ever brought up the drooling girl. We never judged. We were too sophisticated and cosmopolitan for that. We were too f**king cool to even let on that we'd noticed. I hated us. The people we were had been hateful snobs who never asked questions about anything real. Like why a woman would want to drool her master's load into a metal bowl and show her wet cunt to everyone.

So there I was, shaking in my Honda, because Jonathan had seen that girl in me. On his command, I'd opened my mouth as big as a castanet so he could f**k my throat.

Stop it.

I had to stop. I had to sing. But every time I heard the plink of rain on my hood, it was a pistachio shell, and I was drooling Jonathan's load into a metal bowl.

CHAPTER 6

On the way to the 101, I realized I still had that stinking diamond in my navel. It felt like a harness. I'd drop it at Hotel K after my session. My phone danced on the passenger seat. It could be Jonathan, but it wasn't as though he was the only thing I had going on. I was really glad I looked at it-WDE.

"Hey, Monica." Trudie said.

"Yeah, I'm on my way up there."

"We had a change. The set's at DownDawg in Culver City, not Burbank."

"Oh. Did you call Gabby?"

"Yeah, I talked to her. Here, let me give you the address."

I pulled over and wrote it down. I was glad I didn't need to call Gabby because it would probably take me an hour to get there without yacking with my pianist for twenty minutes, dissecting all the possible reasons for the venue change.

I did take a second to scroll through my recents. Nothing from Jonathan. Both my relief and disappointment were palpable. Then the phone dinged and buzzed in my hand.

-I'm calling you now. Answer.-

Oh, wasn't that just a juicy command? Answer the phone. Spread your legs. What was the difference?

When my cell rang, I rejected the call and sent a text.

-I have to go to Culver City. I can't talk-

-Let's talk about it again. I'll use different words-

He was no one to me, really. If I never saw him again, my life would be no different than it had been a month ago. No, that wasn't true. My life would be the same in all the surface ways. I'd live in the same house and have the same friends. But somehow I'd changed. He'd woken me from a dreamless sleep, and I couldn't roll over and close my eyes, because in my wakefulness, I'd started dreaming.

I read his text again. I could think about what he said, but I couldn't answer him. I couldn't be who he thought I was, but if I couldn't be that, then who would I be? I couldn't go backward, and somehow, in such a short time, he'd become the conductor of my forward motion.

I am not submissive.

I am not submissive

I am not submissive

I chanted the mantra all the way to Culver City, deaf to the buzzing phone and any thought for where I was headed or what I was to do there.

I didn't get my head back until I parked the car.

My name is Monica, and I am not submissive. I stand six feet tall in heels. I am descended from one of the greatest writers of the twentieth century. I can sing like an angel, and growl like a lion. I am not owned. I am music.

CHAPTER 7

DownDawg Studios wasn't some little grunge house with egg-carton Styrofoam on the walls. It didn't smell of tobacco and fast food, and it most certainly wasn't a place we could have afforded on our own. There were three in Los Angeles. Burbank, which spent a lot of time servicing Disney, Santa Monica-home base for rich kids and middle-class rappers of the west side-and Culver City, where Sony did their ADR and apparently where WDE had their scratch cuts done.

The building was on Washington, in downtown Culver City. The renovated industrial box had the original casement windows in the front half, where they matched the three-ton metal-frame door. The back half was bricked in, a windowless green box with orange trim, the perfect modernist nonsensical combo.

A valet parked my car. A receptionist with more earrings than a Tiffany window pillow guided me to the back. I was seven minutes late. My excuse was the venue change. Right.

I opened the door and entered the engineering room with its bank of dials and window looking into the sound room. A man about my age with sandy hair and a linen shirt with the tails hanging below his sweater spoke to a guy with dark skin and a stiff-brimmed Lakers cap.

Sandy Hair held out his hand. "I'm Holden, your producer. This is Deshaun."

Deshaun offered a hand. "Sound engineer. My lady heard you play Thelonius a few weeks back. Said good things."

"Oh, thanks." I blushed a little. "Seems like ages ago."

"You got the song?" Holden asked. "What do you think?"

I thought it was a piece of shit, but honesty would get me nowhere. "We have a couple of takes on it. Gabby's on her way."

Holden got off the stool and threw himself on the couch. "Tell me how you're doing it."

I clutched my song sheet. I could do this. I could talk about the music. I knew what I had to do, and I was good at it, but the conversation with Jonathan had infected my mind, and I kept talking to Holden and Deshaun about dynamics and harmonies while thinking they somehow knew I was submissive. They were going to walk all over me and tell me how to sing the notes, how to breathe, how to open my mouth wide enough to take a cock. I knew they weren't laughing at me and my pretensions of vocal control, but I also knew they were.

Holden glanced at the clock. "It's getting late."

"Let me text Gabby," I said, slipping my phone out of my pocket. "She's probably in the parking lot."

-Where the f**k are you?-

-With Jerry, waiting for you-

I started getting a really bad feeling in my guts. I turned to Holden. "You know a guy named Jerry?"

"He does some production at the Burbank studio."

"Does he know Eugene Testarossa?"

"Yeah. Works with him all the time."

I typed fast. -There's been a mixup, I'm in Culver City-

There wasn't a text for a minute or more. "She's up in Burbank. She'll never make it here on time." I glanced toward the sound studio. A keyboard was already set up in there.

As if reading my mind, Holden said, "If you play, we're a go."

I did play. I generally didn't have to bother because of Gabby, but I played piano just fine. My phone blooped.

-It's not a mixup it's a f**king set-up Jerry never got an engineer and he's been talking about the f**king weather do you have an engineer there?-

I glanced at Deshaun, who was tapping away at his phone. I didn't know what to do. If I played, she'd never forgive me, and if I didn't, I was a back-bending little sheep who walked out with nothing. A nobody. A disappointment.

"We have time for a few takes," I said, turning off my phone and stepping into the sound room.

CHAPTER 8

The sun was dipping below the skyline when I got back in the car and turned on my phone. There was no use pretending I didn't see Gabby's messages, and there was no use listening to them. I just called her.

"Mooooooniiiiiicaaaaaa....." She was drunk. The white noise whipped like wind cut with the sound of music and laughter.

"Gabby, where are you?"

"I'm with Lord Theodore at the Santa Monica Pier. We're on the Ferris wheel."

"Are you okay?"

"You do the scratch cut?"

I rubbed the bottom of the steering wheel and stared at the building as if it could exonerate me, but the big green cube did nothing besides look squat and hip. "Yeah."

"We were set up, you know. I was. He don't want me, so they made it so you did the cut without me. You know that, right?"

She seemed okay with it, but she was wasted and on a Ferris wheel, so I couldn't take her forgiveness for granted. "Don't assume it was malicious, Gab."

"Oh f**k, when did you become such a...whassa word? When you believe the best in people? Like you never lived in LA your whole life."

"Is Theo drunk too?"

I heard the phone muffle and Gabby say, "Hey, baby, you drunk?" Then her voice got clear again. "He says he's a little bit o' this and a little bit o' that."

"Great. Do you want me to come and get you?"

"Go f**k yourself, Monica."

The line went dead.

CHAPTER 9

My car was the only one in the driveway, but the house lights were on. I got out and went inside.

"How did it go?" Darren was in my kitchen, wiping the counter. He had a key. He might as well have moved in. Fucker. I hated him and everything. He looked up at me when I didn't answer. "What happened?"

I had no words. I slipped my arms around his waist and held him tightly. He smelled nice.

He leaned his cheek against my head and stroked my back. "Is it the rich guy?"

"Yes and no."

"Where's Gabby?"

I let my hands drop and banged my forehead against his chest. "WDE set us up. It could have been a mistake, but it wasn't. I can feel it. We ended up in different studios, and she's with Theo right now, self-medicating."

"At least she's not alone. Theo's a f**kup, but he won't let her kill herself." He put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me away, looking into my face. "Did you do the scratch cut?"

"Yes."

"Oh thank God, Mon."

"I feel like I ditched her."

He shook his head. "They'd never reschedule, but if the cut's good, they'll send it out, and then you have a leg to stand on."

I dropped my bag on the floor and plopped onto a kitchen chair. "Well, we won't have to worry about that. It was the single worst performance of my life."

"Come on."

"Really."

"Because of my sister?"

I leaned on the table, lacing my fingers in my hair. "No."

"Do you want some tea?"

"Yes, please." I stood. "I'll make it. You don't even live here."

He pushed me back into the chair. "I can boil water." He pulled the teabags down. "I'm sure it wasn't that bad, Mon. Think about it. Are you just fighting the fraud men?"

The fraud men were the creatures that lived inside every artist's brain, rearing their ugly heads any time something good happened and telling them that they were useless, talentless hacks who had only gotten lucky. "No, I really blew it. Couldn't hold a note. I was... distracted."

"By?" He plopped the teapot on the stove and turned to me, leaning on the counter with his arms crossed.

Could I tell him? And if I didn't who would I tell? I took a deep breath and got ready for the red heat to rise in my face. "Jonathan's a little kinky."

Darren raised an eyebrow. "Oh, dear."

"Please don't embarrass me."

He yanked a chair out from the table, sat, and put his elbows on the table. "Kinky billionaire meets hot waitress. It's a cliche of a cliche. I love it. Does he make you spank him?"

The prickly heat finally hit my cheeks. "It's the other way around."

"No."

I nodded while scratching a nonexistent piece of crud from the tabletop. "I mean, we haven't got that far yet, but basically, that's the nature of us in bed. He tells me to do stuff, and I do it. And he's rough. Really rough. He wants a more, I guess, intense version of what's been happening, and I'm freaked out."

"Does he have a dungeon?"

I buried my face in my hands and gave a muffled "No" from behind my palms. I opened them. "I don't think so."

He paused, rubbing his chin, then leaned even farther across the table. "And he wants you to be his official f**k toy?"

"Oh God, Darren!"

"I haven't heard you say that in years."

I got up so fast the chair dropped behind me. "I'm really upset, Darren, and all you want to do is make jokes." I turned off the burner and set about making tea. "He thinks I'm a natural submissive, which is code for like, doormat and beneath him, and yeah, it's code for Jonathan's little f**king f**k toy. And I know what you're going to say. You're going to say I'm no man's whore. And you're right. I'm not. I'm not some submissive little kitten or his god damn punching bag. What the f**k is he thinking? And you know what I'm thinking."

"I have no idea what you're thinking."

I held up the teapot. "Do you want some?"

"Sure."

"Sugar?"

"Monica?"

"What?"

"You were saying something about what you were thinking."

I poured the tea. Darren didn't take sugar and neither did I, but I'd needed a second to avoid saying something stupid. "I can't say it."

"You're no man's whore."

I stared at the tea as it steeped. "I know."

"But you're falling for him."

The strength went out of my spine. I hated Darren for bringing it up and for seeing through me, yet I was grateful he'd said what I couldn't. "He's witty," I said. "And confident and affectionate. And he looks at me like I'm the only woman in the world. And you can make fun but... the sex is..." I searched for the right word and came up with nothing adequate. "I'm a f**k toy whore, aren't I?"

Darren got up for his tea, since I was falling down on the job. "I'll tell you the truth. I don't like hearing someone is treating you like that. It upsets me. I'd actually like to punch him in the face a little." He poured the hot water. "You've been alone too long. You're vulnerable. You're doing things you wouldn't normally do."

"Yeah."

"If you want to date again, you should have tried dating, you know?"

"I want to rib you for not dating forever, then turning up g*y. But I can't. It's right for you. This... I don't think this is right for me." I pulled the bag out of my cup and pressed it until it was a sack of damp leaves. "Too bad."

"Gabby was triangulating him against every other person in Los Angeles, and she said she came up with something she wanted to show you. It didn't sound good."

"Great. Secrets. Love those."

"Come on," Darren rubbed my shoulders. "Let's go watch a stupid movie and talk about Kevin's thing. I'm bored, and I've decided I'd love to make that guy crazy."

We never did speak about Kevin's thing. We never even watched a movie. We lay on the couch and watched a string of shows about rock stars with debilitating drug addictions who redeemed themselves in their fifties. I fell asleep on Darren's chest, where I felt as safe and comfortable as when I was with with Jonathan.

I dreamed of some nether desert where the sky spoke in narrators, laugh tracks, and commercials, and I kneeled in the sand and put my hands in my pants to relieve the ache that had become water to me.

I woke up to the sound of Darren on the phone. Morning Stretch was muted. Darren's voice squeaked, but I thought nothing of it. The fullness of my bladder pushed against some sexual part of my insides, making me feel engorged and ready. I wanted to f**k.

I went to my room, crawled into bed, and pulled the legal pad I used for middle-of-the-night ideas from the nightstand. I wrote:

What if he collars me? Slaps me? Spanks me? Bites me? Fucks me in the ass? Whips me? Hurts me? Displays me? Gags me? Blindfolds me? Shares me? Humiliates me? Ties me down? Makes me bleed? Fucks me up?

I couldn't write any more. My imagination kept coming up with new things to do, and they got more and more horrible as I dug deeper.

I went to the bathroom and sat on the bowl, in the dark, trying not to wake up too much. I'd defined something about Jonathan during my conversation with Darren, and though I was comforted at having come to a conclusion, I was saddened at the decision.

There was a tap on the door.

"Mon?" Darren whispered.

"Use the other bathroom."

"They found Gabrielle." He sounded so calm I thought he meant something innocuous. "I have to identify the body."

I stood up, my pants around my knees. "What?"

He asked softly, "Can you come with me?"

CHAPTER 10

In my life, I'd experienced grief like I experienced love. Deeply and with very few people.

My father had been taken from me when I was nineteen. I didn't see much of him, even when he wasn't deployed. My mother owned him, up in buttfuck Castaic, two hours north of the den of sin and temptation I called home. The news came through her, icily framed as a happier existence with a benevolent God. I didn't want to talk to her about how it happened. I ended up on the phone with his supervisor at Tomrock, who told me he'd taken mortar fire while escorting a Saudi prince to the central mosque in Kabul. I had told Dad he should have stayed in the military, that privatizing himself would leave him unprotected, but he was tired of listening to politically motivated orders dressed up as patriotism. If he was walking into death, he wanted it called that, and he wanted to be paid to take those risks. No fanfare. No dressing up in the flag. Dad was real. He wanted life so real it hurt. He'd been shot twice, stabbed once, and had his bell rung more than a few times in neighborhood brawls. He still held the door open for my mother after twenty years of marriage and loved her like a queen, even though she didn't deserve it.

When he was killed, I thought I'd go insane. I felt unmoored, unsafe, orphaned. I found myself pulling the car over and checking directions to places I'd been to a hundred times. I called Darren twice as often, just to hear the voice of someone who loved me. I didn't want to go outside if I could avoid it. The only thing that saved me, besides Darren and Gabby, was music. Dad had taught me piano. He approved of my pursuits. So when I played, especially when I played in front of people, I felt safe again. As the years passed, I found other ways to feel secure and loved, and grief slipped away so slowly I didn't notice when it became a dull ache of memory brought on by some corner of the house or Dad's mandarin tree in the backyard.

Grief had been hiding, ready for the next time. So when Darren and I listened to the lady cop tell us that Gabby had been found, drowned, two miles north of the Santa Monica Pier, I listened, but I was too busy trying to keep the bucket of grief from tipping. Darren needed me, and if I fell into a cacophony of emotion, I wasn't going to be there for him.

We stood by a plexi-glass window, watching a sheet-covered gurney get wheeled into the adjacent room. I felt that bucket of sorrow tip and empty, dropping its contents from my throat to my heart. It sloshed around when I moved, and I thought I would be emptying it with a teaspoon.

I didn't know what Darren was feeling, initially. He identified his sister, who looked bloated and blue, then turned to leave. He collapsed into my arms, weeping. I did my best to hold him up, but the lady cop with the inky curly hair had to help me get him to her desk.

Lady Cop brought us water and a box of tissues. "Was she on any medication?"

"Marplan," Darren whispered.

"Did she mix it with alcohol?"

He grabbed my hand. "We should have gotten her. We shouldn't have trusted Theo. Fuck. Of all people."

I wasn't buying it. "She was drinking, sure, but I thought she drowned," I said to Lady Cop.

"Technically, yes. But what happens is people overdo, and because their judgment is compromised, they go for a swim. Their breath is shallower, and their coordination is poor, so they succumb." She paused in a way that felt practiced and professional. "I'm sorry."

We signed some papers. They wanted to know where to send the body. I gave the name of the funeral home my dad went to because I had no room in my brain for anything else, and Darren was too emotionally brutalized to make any kind of decision. I didn't know how we were going to walk out of there, but we did, slowly, because the farther away we got from the police station, the farther behind we left Gabby. We stopped dead in the parking lot, holding hands, immovable.

"I don't think I can go home," he said.

"You can stay with me."

"No."

"What about Adam?"

Darren just stared into the distance, his face a blank. I didn't know what to do next. He had no family except Gabby. I was it, and I had no idea how to help him. His gaze fixed on something, and I followed it. Theo closed the door on his Impala and came toward us, his gait a little crooked. I squeezed Darren's hand tighter.

"Let's just go," I said. "Don't try and deal with anything today." I pulled him toward the Honda. "Please."

He looked down at me, big blue eyes lined with webs of red.

"We have so much to do," I said. "I need you. Please."

He blinked as if some of what I said got through.

Theo was getting closer, waving and trotting as if he thought he might miss us. I pulled Darren away and tried to shoot Theo a warning look. I wasn't a praying person, but I prayed there would be no fights. No accusatory words. No defenses. No excuses. I shoved Darren into the passenger side just as Theo reached us.

"Lassie..." he said.

"Back up, Theo." I strode to my side of the car.

"I have feelings about it too. I stopped her from jumping off the Ferris wheel."

"I'll let you know when we have the funeral if you have the balls to come," I said as I opened the door.

"You're the one who betrayed her. You did that scratch track without her."

I slammed the door before Darren could hear another word.

"I'm going to kill him," Darren said.

"Not today."

I knew that I had a limited time to figure it all out. I felt the thoughts I didn't want to have push against the defensive wall that kept me functioning. I needed that wall. It was the percussion section, keeping the beat, organizing the symphony of reactions and decisions that needed to happen. Without it, the whole piece was going to shit.

I pulled out of the parking lot. Theo got small in my rearview. "We need to make arrangements," I said. "Are you up for it, or am I driving you home?"

"I don't know what to do."

"Do you have money?"

He shook his head. "There was a life insurance policy. For both of us. In case. I checked it when she tried the last time."

"Okay. Let's take care of it. Then, I don't know." I took his hand at the red light. "Let's just keep our shit together until the sun goes down."

"Then what?"

"We fall apart."

We made it home before sunset. The funeral home had dealt with worse, and we did what the grieved often did. We dumped everything in their lap and let them tell us what we had to do. Darren signed the forms to allow them to retrieve the body. We let them arrange a cremation. There would be no big funeral, no open casket, just a thing at my house. I didn't know what you called such a thing, but the funeral director seemed to know and nodded, letting it slide.

Then we ran back to my house and made phone calls, sprawled on the couch together. I'd called three people I knew weren't around, leaving messages and moving on, when I heard Darren weeping Adam's name into his phone. I felt glad enough to leave him alone. He needed someone besides me. He'd lost his sister, his only family. He deserved to have someone else to love him.

But my gladness was shouted down by something darker, more insidious, more selfish. A deep, evil stab of loneliness that I would have done best to ignore. I should have stayed in the living room to have Darren's warm body next to me, but he needed to be alone. He wouldn't want to go to Gabby's room, and I didn't feel right forcing him onto the porch. So I slipped into my room, crawled under the covers and hugged my pillow, wondering who was going to braid my hair tomorrow.

CHAPTER 11

I texted Debbie, asking for a few days off and explaining that my best friend had died. She called, but I rejected it. I got dinged and blooped and buzzed a hundred times over by everyone we had ever known. I answered some, thanking people for their condolences, but I just wanted to be left alone, so I shut off the phone and cocooned myself under the covers.

I got out of bed the next night. The house was empty. I showered, ate a few crackers, and went back to bed.

I turned my phone back on, under the covers, and scrolled through all the kind words and long messages. I resented them. I was grateful for them. I wanted to be around people and eviscerate the longing lonely hole in my body. I earned the isolation and wanted nothing to do with another living soul. Fuck everybody. I needed them. I hated them.

I tried to remember things about my friend, nice stories to cheer me under the dark, damp covers, but my brain wouldn't jog anything loose. I could only remember our most hackneyed scenes. Graduation day. The last time I had seen her, the last time I spoke to her. Everything else was scorched earth, as if it had never happened, or like some mature, godly part of me was protecting the weak, repellent part of me from more hurt by refusing to release painful data.

Someone knocked on the door at some point, maybe just some delivery person, but it woke me up. I scrolled through my messages. So sorry/That's terrible/Can I bring you something to eat? Et cetera, et cetera. Everyone was so sweet, but I didn't know how to accept their kindness. The phone vibrated in my hand, and though I'd been ignoring it for however many hours, I looked at this message.

-Debbie told me-

I didn't know how to respond to Jonathan. We weren't in a place in our relationship where I could ask him for anything or expect him to intuit what I needed. His text made me feel lonelier than any other. I answered, feeling as if I were shouting down an empty alley.

-Tell her I'm going to work day after tomorrow-

-What are you doing now?-

-I'm under my covers-

-Alone?-

-y-

-A crime-

I smiled, and the feeling of levity cracked the brittle shell of sorrow, if only for a second, and tears streamed down my face.

-Don't make me laugh, f**khead-

-May I join you under those lucky covers?-

When I read the message, I didn't feel his request in my loins, but on my skin. I wanted him to touch me. Kiss me. Breathe on me. Talk to me. Hold me for hours. The desire wasn't just between my legs, but in my rib cage, my marrow, my fingertips. Could I give up the consuming protection of loneliness and indulge in a few hours with Jonathan? Was I worthy of a little comfort? Probably not. And I hadn't forgotten the submissive thing. No. He was going to drag me into a pit of defilement and humiliation. Seeing him would only draw him closer to me than he should be, ever.

I texted:

-I need you-

I hit send. I shouldn't have. I should have made a much cooler, distant statement. At the very least, I should have been witty in admitting I was a filthy, repugnant mess of need. But I didn't. Three words and I'd debased myself.

I felt hopeful for the first time in days. I got out of bed and crawled into the shower, setting it for hotter than it needed to be. I had no idea how long I'd been in bed, but it was seven in the morning according to my clock. I hadn't seen or heard from Darren, and I assumed he was with Adam. I should have called him, but the idea of reaching out, even to the only person in the world who would understand my sense of failure, made me flinch as if my face would get slapped.

My skin was raw and pink from heat and friction when I stepped out of the shower. I dried my hair and pulled out my brush. A twisted black hair tie was wrapped around the handle. Gabby had put it there when she worked on my hair for the Eclipse show. I put my palm on my wet hair and stroked downward, curling my fingers to gather a strand, just enough to string a bow. The sensation was nothing like when Gabby did it with her care and artistry. And all that was gone. All that talent went into the nothing and nowhere. All the music she would have made would never exist.

I hurled myself under the covers, naked and half wet, grabbing my phone on the way.

-don't come nevermind-

I heard a phone ding from the living room and, soon after, a voice so close it shocked me.

"Too late," Jonathan said. "Your front door was open."

-go away-

A blast of cold air hit me as the covers were moved, and in the next breath, I caught his new scent. He pulled the covers over us just as his phone dinged. He pressed his front to my back, spooning me, his clothes taking on the dampness I hadn't gotten around to toweling off.

"I'm sorry, Monica." He put his face in my wet hair and draped his arm around me. Ah. What's this text I have here? It says go away."

I sniffled.

He slid his arm under my neck and held the phone in front of our faces with both hands. His breath tickled my ear. "Let me text back. Hang on."

-I'd rather be here for you-

I waited for it to appear on my phone. He nuzzled into the hair pooling at the back of my neck as I typed back.

-And then what?-

His fingers flew across the glass.

-And let's talk about the rest later. Today, you are the goddess my universe revolves around.-

In the seconds it took my phone to bloop, I had a million thoughts, not the least of which was that he was crazy. Out of his mind. Didn't he see who he was curled against? For f**k's sake, I'd killed my best friend, first with carelessness and then with ambition.

I started texting back:

-you have the wrong....

But then I felt his lips on my shoulder and his warm breath on my skin, and my sorrow dropped out of me. I couldn't finish. My chest hitched and heaved, and the tears came so hard I couldn't breathe. His arms held me tight from behind, and his voice twisted itself into little nothings of comfort. I went into a timeless blackness where I let everything spill out, because he'd catch it. I knew in every cough and sob, every hitched breath and chest spasm, that he'd hold me together. Whatever fell apart, he'd put right. I couldn't curse him for not being everything I needed or failing to commit to me completely. I didn't have space to reject his idea that I was submissive or the will to deny him control over me. He was there, and he was exactly what I needed.

When the crying slowed, I turned to face him. In the dark, I found his lips by following his breath and kissed him. He opened his mouth, stroking my tongue with his in a gentle dance. I wove my legs into his.

"Thank you," I whispered, breathing it without a voice.

He started to answer, but I kissed away whatever came next. I pushed my hips into him. He was hard, and I was ready. I kissed him again, so I wouldn't hear any objections when I pulled his shirt from his waistband. I wanted him naked against me. I wanted to feel good, if only for a minute, and to forget everything for as long as it took us to bind together and fall apart. I hadn't earned it, but I wanted it.

A little light went on under the covers, and a bloop preceded a ding, but we ignored it. He rolled on top of me, mouth attached to mine, and stroked the length of my body. I gasped. The touch was so comforting, so distracting, a bow suddenly dragged across silent strings.

"Hello? Mon?" The voice sounded far away.

Jonathan and I separated.

"What was that?" Jonathan asked.

I twisted around. My phone was lit up under me. I must have rolled on top of it and answered the call by accident. Too late to reject the call.

"Hello? Darren?" I whispered. For some reason, I couldn't engage my vocal cords.

"I'm downtown."

Jonathan pulled the covers off us, and the light seemed as blinding as the air was cold. I already missed his warmth on my body.

"I need you to post bail, or I'm going to miss the wake." He sounded dead, emotionless. "I found Theo. I hurt him. There are bail places all around here. So can you come?"

"Yes, I'll come."

"Thank you."

I glanced at Jonathan as Darren started giving me the details. He was still fully clothed in a blue polo shirt and jeans, sitting up against the wall. I was naked and crouched beside him. He stroked my shoulder.

"What happened?" he asked when I clicked off.

"Darren beat up Gabby's boyfriend. I have to bail him out."

"Why are you whispering?"

I shrugged. I had no idea. All I knew was, I could whisper fine, but I couldn't speak out loud.

"You're not speaking at the wake, I guess?"

I shook my head.

"Where's it going to be?"

"Here."

He looked at his watch. "In seven hours? Are you prepared? How many people?"

"It's tomorrow."

"Debbie said it was Saturday. Today."

Oh God. Darren had said he'd miss the wake, and I thought he meant he'd miss it tomorrow. How long had I been under the covers? Had I slept more than I thought? I stood up, panicked. It was Saturday. I had to put out food. Clean the house. Make myself emotionally presentable. And I had to bail Darren out of jail? With what money? And what time?

I must have been a sight, naked in the middle of my room, hands out, not knowing what to do first. Jonathan got up and grabbed my wrists. I had no words.

"Calm down."

I nodded.

"I'm going to take care of it."

"No," I whispered. "It's my job."

He held my hands, pressing them together between his palms. He spoke in the voice that broached no questions, but he didn't tell me to spread my legs or come. "I have to work for a few hours today. I'll send a crew here to clean up, and I'll get food in. How many people?"

"Jonathan. Please. I don't want it to be like this, like I'm using you."

"You're not using me. You're mine. You are my own personal goddess. It's my job to make sure you're happy. And if I can't make you happy, I won't feel right if you're not taken care of as best as I can. So please, tell me how many people so I can feel right."

"A hundred?" I whispered.

How was I going to fit a hundred people in my thousand-square-foot house? Jesus, what were Darren and I thinking? Jonathan squeezed my hands and brought my attention back to his face. He seemed unfazed by the size of the guest list.

"I have this," he said. "I can take care of it between doing ten other things. Lil will take you downtown. I don't want you driving. Do you have enough to get him out?"

My mouth opened, but not even a whisper came. Did I have enough to bail Darren out of jail? I had no idea. How much did something like that cost? And how was I going to actually take money from Jonathan? I'd get my mother to mortgage the house if necessary. I'd supplicate myself before her, promise to stay on the narrow path, and eat four tons of shit on a hot tar shingle to get Darren out in time for his sister's funeral, but I wasn't taking money from Jonathan.

I nodded. "I have it."

He kissed me tenderly, stroking my cheek with his thumb. "I'll be in touch. Pick up the phone, okay?"

I nodded because I didn't want to whisper again.

CHAPTER 12

Jonathan left gingerly, as if turning his back on me long enough to get to work making arrangements to prepare my house for a wake was going to give me enough time to fall apart again. He walked backward to the Jag, watching me, the red in his hair catching the morning sun. I waved and even managed to smile a little. I was determined to get through this, even if it meant pretending my shit was together long enough to restore his faith in me. When he drove down the hill, I felt as if he pulled part of me with him.

Lil showed up in Jonathan's Bentley spaceship thirty minutes later.

"Ms. Faulkner," she said. "How are you holding up?"

"Fine."

"Something wrong with your voice?"

I shrugged. I didn't know what was wrong with me, whether it was my voice or my mind or something else entirely, some trick of the universe. I was getting frustrated. The condition I'd initially attributed to too many tears and hurt was starting to feel like something more intractable.

"I wanted to say," Lil said, "and I hope I'm not being inappropriate, but my wife's brother took his own life. So my sympathies. It can be hardest on the family."

I screwed my face up, trying not to cry again, because she'd called Gabby family. She was exactly that. My sister. And having that recognized was like a bucket of cold water. "Thanks, Lil," I whispered.

"Where are we going today?"

"Going to bail my brother out of jail."

CHAPTER 13

Five thousand dollars.

Apparently, Darren had gone after Theo with a broken bottle, which according to the State of California was a deadly weapon.

So, five large. Cash.

I swallowed hard.

The big lady with the skinny glasses behind the bulletproof glass seemed sympathetic. She'd tolerated my whispering and slid a notepad under the glass once she realized I could hear fine but couldn't speak.

"There's three bondsmen across the street. You pay five hundred, and they forward us the rest. But you don't get it back. Kaylee. That's the one I like. Best with first-timers and ain't no glass in between you so she'll hear that little voice you got. All right, young lady?"

I nodded, ripping the page from the notebook. I took the papers and forms she gave me that detailed Darren's infractions and went outside.

Lil stood by the car, which was perched in a loading zone, pretty as you please. She handed me a paper cup of tea. I didn't know how she knew I liked tea. I didn't know if Jonathan had detailed all my foibles and preferences to her or if she just paid incredible attention, but I took it and thanked her.

"I have to go to the bondsman." I pointed across the street at a yellow and black sign marked Kaylee's Bailbonds.

Lil opened the car door.

"It's just across the street." I had to lean in close to Lil so she'd hear me over the din of rush hour traffic.

"I told Mister Drazen I'd take care of you. So just get in. I have to drive around to the parking lot anyway."

I got in, feeling silly and childish. I could have run across the street in half the time, quarter-time if I jaywalked. But Lil was doing her job with sincerity and kindness, and I didn't have the heart to disrupt her. I sipped my tea in the backseat, hoping the hot liquid would reconnect my voice to my lungs, but when I tried to make a sound, there was only breath.

I felt that there was a choice at the deepest parts of my being not to speak, some fear that my voice would break the world or call up beasts that would rend me and everything I loved to tatters. But I couldn't locate that dark place and explain that it was doing more harm than good, that I needed the fear to go away, that everything in my life would be torn to shreds by simple inaction if I couldn't function as an artist and member of society.

I breathed. Panic was going to get me nowhere. I had to get through the day and bail Darren out in time for the wake. Sleep. Eat. Go to work tomorrow. Breathe. I would figure it out if I could keep the anxiety at bay.

Lil pulled in behind the bondsman place and let me out as if I were a celebrity arriving at a red carpet event. "Mister Drazen said if you needed anything, I should let you know he'll take care of it."

"Thanks."

"You should let him help you." She gave me a meaningful look that said she knew I had reservations about taking help from Jonathan.

I nodded to her and walked through the back door.

The space had no aesthetic pretentions whatsoever. The grey industrial carpet was worn in the high-traffic areas. The fluorescent lights buzzed behind the dropped ceiling, yellowing the piles of papers lying on every surface, every metal shelving unit, veneer desk, and unoccupied black chairs. The occupied chairs, three of them, held people of varying ages and ethnicities, all talking on phones or tapping into aged beige computers. Out the front windows, downtown Los Angeles hummed by.

A middle-aged woman in big dark glasses shuffled past in slippers and a multicolored shift. Her coffee cup was one third full of sludge.

"Hi," I whispered. "I'm looking for Kaylee?"

"Cat got your tongue?"

"Laryngitis." It was the only answer I could come up with that would make any sense. Telling her a part of me thought using my voice would shatter the world might have seemed a little crazy.

"You putting up a bond?"

"Yes. I don't know how."

"You got cash?"

"Some."

"Go on and sit by the desk at the front."

I did, slipping into the cushioned office chair placed in front of it. The bronze plaque that was really made of plastic had the name KAYLEE RECONAIRE cut into it. I had about two hundred dollars on me, which was more than usual because I'd never emptied my bag from my last shift at the Stock.

The lady with the sludge coffee placed herself on her chair with a sigh. "Do you have the forms?" She held out her hand.

I handed over the stack. She had exactly enough clear space on her desk to look at them, spreading them into three neat piles. The pink stub, the stapled and clipped form, all had a place.

"Any relation?" she asked.

"No."

"Boyfriend?"

"No."

"So?" She leaned her elbows on the desk. "We have to assess if he's a flight risk. It's our money you're talking about, so there will be personal questions. Like, does this gentleman care if you're responsible for him? This is not just assault." She indicated the papers. "It's battery with a deadly weapon, honey." She raised an eyebrow as if I were some girlfriend battered into bailing out her own personal douchebag.

I leaned in so she could hear me. "We broke up a long time ago. He's like a brother to me. He's not some ex I can't stop f**king because I'm insecure."

Kaylee looked at me for a second before laughing. "You nuts, girl. You got a job?"

"I'm a waitress at the Stock downtown." I swung my thumb behind me since it was about five blocks north.

"How much cash you got?"

"I have two hundred on me."

"You're short three."

"I can go to the ATM," I said.

"You can only get two hundred from the machine." She blinked. I blinked. Then she said, "I ain't letting you off the hundred. I'm running a business here."

"You take collateral?"

She gave a knowing, snorty kind of laugh. "Whatever collateral you got I gotta hold in my hand, and it's gotta be worth ten times what I need. I don't see any jewelry on you I'd take."

I stood and picked up my shirt, showing her the Harry Winston navel ring. I was stepping in a pile of shit, and I knew it. Using my current boyfriend's gift to bail my past boyfriend out of jail was the stuff Jerry Springer shows were made of.

Kaylee leaned forward, dropping her glasses low on her nose. "That real?"

"Yes."

She held out her hand, her face a mask of disbelief. I took out the diamond and handed it to her. She snapped open the top drawer of her desk, pulled out a jeweler's glass, and used it to inspect the diamond, which to me, looked like the hugest, most sparkly thing ever dug from the earth. I sat back down as she made little humming noises, turning the rock around under the glass.

She slid it back to me. "I can get in big trouble, young lady. I don't think you understand I'm running a business here. I don't take stolen merchandise."

I gasped. How could she? Was she insane? I was absolutely stunned wordless by the implication.

A lone, male voice cut through my distress. "Whose Bentley's in my spot?" A man with a crutch and a leg of his jeans rolled up over a missing calf wobbled in.

I raised my hand, whispering, "Sorry."

He sat at a desk. "Well, have that driver move it."

I looked back down at Kaylee. She was already slipping my diamond navel bar into a baggie. "You come back with the rest soon, you hear? Or for the love of three hundred dollars, your new man's gonna be pissed."

CHAPTER 14

I hadn't realized how big the Bentley was until Darren sat on the other side of the backseat as if he wanted nothing to do with me. It had taken me hours to get him out. Money had to be wired, forms shot over the internet, phone calls made, signatures garnered, and he had to be driven from a holding area two blocks away.

When they'd brought him, he looked tired but made a funny face when he saw me waiting, as if to let me know he was okay. When they took the cuffs off and released him into my custody, he hugged me so hard I thought he'd break something.

"Thank you, thank you," he said into my neck.

"You're welcome. Now we have to go, or we're going to be missed."

He nodded, and I wondered if he'd gotten himself in trouble to avoid the funeral.

"Why are you whispering?"

"Laryngitis."

"What? You weren't sick-"

I pulled him into the hallway, wanting to be away from the bulletproof glass and linoleum flooring. Then I stopped and moved my wrist like Debbie so often did to let him know it was time to get moving on the story.

"I went to Adam's," he said. "He stayed with me all night, but he had to go to work, and I just walked around Silver Lake. I sat at a table at Bourgeois for half the day. Fabio knew what happened, so he just kept bringing me new cups."

The elevator doors opened, and a carload of people got out. I pulled Darren to the side.

"He should have called me," I whispered.

"He did."

Right. I'd rejected calls and ignored texts while I lay in my undercover cave.

We got into the elevator with twenty other people.

Darren spoke softly into my ear. "I realized while I was in there that I left you alone. I'm sorry about that."

I shrugged and waved his concern away. I was unhappy about it, but I didn't have the heart to hold it against him. And it had brought Jonathan to me.

Darren continued, "Theo came in for coffee, like he always does. I knew he went there all the time. I didn't realize I was waiting for him. But anyway, some girl at the table next to me had one of those pomello sodas. I smacked the bottle against the floor and went for his throat."

"Holy shit, Darren!" I managed to whisper loudly and with emphasis. I glanced around at the people in the elevator. No one was staring, but they must have been listening.

"He's fine. I got his cheek. I aim like the fag I am."

I pinched his side, and he cried, "Ow!" We laughed. The rest of the elevator population seemed relieved to get away from us when the doors slid open on the parking lot level. Lil was parked in an Authorized Vehicle Only spot, reading the LA Times.

When Darren saw the Bentley, he stopped in his tracks. "Where'd you get the money to bail me out? Five grand? That's a lot of cash."

"I put up a bond."

"Did one penny of that come from him?"

"Stop."

"I'm not having any part of you being a whore."

I didn't know what came over me, maybe the stress of the past few days, maybe the insult, or maybe the fact that I couldn't speak properly to defend myself. But a ball of kinetic energy ran from my heart and down my right arm, and in order to release it, the only thing I could do was slap Darren across the face.

The clap of it echoed through the parking lot. Lil looked up from her paper. Darren crouched from the impact. The feeling of regret dropped into my belly even as my hand wanted to slap him again and again.

I folded it into a fist and stuck out my index finger. "Get in the car. If you are one minute late for your sister, Theo's face will look handsome in comparison." My throat was getting sore from all the harsh whispering, but I was sure I could lecture him for another half-hour if I had to.

He looked enraged with the red marks across his cheek, and his mouth was set in stone, the muscles of his face making tense lines in his jaw. I was a little afraid. Just a little, because I could fight, and I could take a hit. I would do both if I had to.

"The car is ready," Lil said, suddenly standing beside us with her calm, professional demeanor. She held out her hand toward the open back door of the Bentley. "Please."

I thought for a moment he'd opt for the bus, but I knew he had no money on him, because it had come back to me in an envelope of personal effects, along with a pocket knife he wasn't allowed to carry and a few credit cards. He also knew that public transportation would take hours on a Saturday. Despite his self-sabotage, he didn't want to miss Gabby's wake.

I nodded at Lil and walked toward the car, not looking behind me to see if he followed. My shoes clonked on the concrete, made louder from the enclosed space. I climbed into the back seat of the car and slid over, looking out the window so I wouldn't see if he was coming or not. If he saw me watching him, he would be more likely to turn around and take the bus out of pride.

I heard him get in, and the door snapped closed. That was when I discovered how wide that car really was.

Lil dropped him in front of his house. He didn't wait for her to open the door for him. There was a pause. I didn't look at him, but I held out the yellow receipt from Kaylee as I whispered, "Three hundred. Cash."

I felt the paper get snapped from my hand and heard the door close with that satisfying, low-pitched thup you get with expensive cars. I only dared to look when he was walking up his steps, head down, yellow receipt crumpled in his hand. I wanted to run up and hug him. He couldn't be held responsible for acting like an ass after what had happened with Gabby, but I wouldn't apologize. Yes, he'd insulted me, but he'd also insulted Jonathan, and somehow, that rankled me even more.

CHAPTER 15

The house was transformed. The front yard was trimmed like a poodle, hedges cut back, fallen oranges picked up and put into bowls at the porch railing, weeds and dead things gone.

"I'll let you know if I have to go anywhere for Mister Drazen," Lil said as she blocked the driveway behind a catering truck with chocks under the wheels.

I nodded, my throat too wrecked for one unnecessary word.

"Monica!" Carlos, our neighbor from two doors down, ran toward me holding a manila envelope. He was a cop and very protective of everyone on the block. "Hi, I heard what happened. I'm real sorry about it."

"Thanks."

"She had me look stuff up for her sometimes. About people. Celebrities and agents."

"Really?"

"Yeah," he smiled sweetly. "She took me out to dinner or something in exchange."

I wondered what "or something" meant and decided I was fine not knowing.

He handed me the envelope. "This was the last thing."

I took it and patted him on the arm. "Will I see you later?"

"Yeah. I'll come by."

We parted, and I headed for the house. I walked up the steps to the porch, which had been swept. Potted plants had appeared, giving the sense that the porch was a well thought-out, finished space. Yvonne, who I hadn't seen since the night I stopped working at Hotel K, almost knocked me over as she strode out to the catering truck.

"Whoa! Monica!" She smiled and kissed my cheek. "You working this gig? Double time. Boo-ya."

Shit. I was going to have to explain, and I didn't have the time, inclination, or vocal capability.

"I live here," I said in breaths.

Yvonne opened her mouth, then snapped it shut, cocking her head. "Girl, they said it was Drazen's girlfriend." Her eyes were wide and her face accusatory in a good-humored way. "I saw a picture on TMZ from that art show, I thought that was you."

"Hello!" Debbie called from inside the house. "Let's keep it moving."

"Later. I'll explain."

"I want details," Yvonne said before kicking up the pace to the truck.

The living room had been transformed as well, with chafing dishes on long tables, new lamps, and clean corners.

Debbie took my hands. "How are you doing?"

"You work at the Stock. Jonathan owns K."

"You do sound terrible. No more talking. I volunteered when I heard. No one from K could do it but Freddie, and he's on probation. Can't get within arm's reach of a waitress, or he'll be cleaning toilets, or so I hear. You know how the rumor mill works. You. Now. We had the bathroom cleaned, so don't leave a mess. Go."

She pushed me across my own living room. I knew three of the people working the wake. All were dressed in catering formals, and all looked at me an extra second before getting back to it. I was mortified. They all thought they were doing an emergency party for the hotel owner's girlfriend, and it was me.

I went into my room and closed the door behind me. My closet was full of black. I chose a pair of pants and a sweater. I didn't want anything fancy or special, no bows, sparkly buttons, or short skirts. It didn't matter that Gabby liked it when I went sparkly; I didn't feel sparkly. I felt shitty, and I was going to respect her by wearing something so down and boring I'd be invisible.

I stripped down for a shower, catching a glimpse of myself in the mirror. I was naked, sure, but without that diamond in my navel, I had a worried pang. I couldn't let Jonathan see me without it. I'd have to explain or lie, and I wasn't ready to do either.

I took my shower, dressed, and made up in nudes and neutrals in twenty-four minutes, then texted Jonathan.

-Thanks for everything-

The answer shot back in seconds.

-My pleasure. In a meeting. See you there-

There? He was coming? I didn't know why I hadn't expected that. He'd come to me in minutes when I needed him; he wouldn't sit out my best friend's wake. I kicked off the sensible shoes I'd chosen and slipped into the red-soled pumps from the Eclipse show.

Carlos's envelope lay on my bed. I cracked it open and slid out a single sheet of paper. The heading was for Westonwood Acres, an exclusive retreat that was actually a mental institution. The paper was an admission form, and I froze when I saw the name of the admitted.

Jonathan S Drazen III

His age was right next to the date, so I didn't have to calculate that he had been sixteen. Everything else was blacked out with thick lines.

That was what Gabby had to tell me. I shoved the paper back in the envelope and stuffed it in my drawer with shaking hands.

CHAPTER 16

Darren shuffled up the hill on time. He glanced at me as he passed into the house. I didn't know what he thought of the house's transformation, but I didn't care, and I was ready to defend Jonathan again.

People came, east-side hipsters, west-side musicians, and a few teachers from Colburn who would express sympathy for the vaporized talent. They were all going to want to talk to me. I knew about seventy percent of them by name at least, but the thought of talking to all of them and explaining my "laryngitis" was going to make it ten times the drag it had to be.

I put on my customer-service face. I cleared my throat, which hurt, and smiled at the first person who entered the gate. I nodded, said "laryngitis" while brushing my fingers across my throat, and moved on. After the first few people, it got easier. I just didn't think about anything at all except making the person I was speaking to comfortable. The outward focus helped.

As with the past days of constant calls and texts, I was surprised at how nice people were. They wanted to help, mostly. I left Darren to the inside of the house, and I stayed on the porch, shaking hands and kissing cheeks, smiling as if I were taking drink orders. I stopped seeing faces. I loved them all, en masse, without discernment. I was struck by an unexpected, sudden feeling of well-being. By the time Kevin rested his hand on my shoulder, I was at the maximum dose of endorphins.

I threw my arms around him and whispered, "Thanks for coming."

"I'm so sorry, Monica. I know what she meant to you." His hands rubbed my back, and I thought nothing of it.

I spoke softly in his ear. "The thing. The piece. I'm in. Just give me time."

He squeezed me harder. I remembered how he did that in the past, tensing his biceps until I thought my ribs would crack.

He let go, but we still stood close, and he spoke softly so no one else would hear. "I pitched it to the Modern of British Columbia in Vancouver. For Christmas. They had an unexpected opening. Can we make it?" He pulled back and looked into my eyes, keeping his hand on my neck, a touch too familiar, too intimate, but I didn't pull away.

"Let's talk about it," I whispered.

"Once you can talk," Kevin said, smiling.

His scent alerted me to his presence. The new one. Sawdust and leather with light harmonies of an ass-bruising all-night f**k. I turned and found Jonathan behind me in a black suit built for him, a grey shirt, and a black tie. The dark colors brought out his sleek ginger hair and jade eyes.

He held out his hand to Kevin. "Good to see you again," he said, voice tense and overly polite. His eyes were hard stones, and he smiled in a way that could be mistaken for baring his teeth. I'd never seen that look on his face before, and I didn't like it. Not one little bit.

I remembered the piece of paper in the manila envelope. Could I be seeing a symptom of whatever it was that had sent him to a mental hospital? Fuck, I knew I couldn't ask him about it, and now I'd always wonder.

"Of course," Kevin replied. Then he looked at me and did something that he had no right to do. He touched my arm and said, "I'll call you about the piece," before walking into the house.

Jesus f**king Christ was I really being subjected to a male pissing match at Gabby's wake? Really? I missed the luxury of celibacy for a moment, then looked at Jonathan, whose face had softened. "What the hell was that?" I asked.

"Forget it. How has it been so far?"

"I have my game face on." I pulled away and showed him my stage smile.

"Gorgeous. Debbie said there's no casket?"

I shook my head and did everything to make my look tell him I thought the very idea was absurd.

"As a good lapsed Catholic," he said, "I feel the need for an open casket somewhere."

"Not me, and I'm lapsed, too."

He put his arm around me. "My mother is going to love you."

I swallowed hard through a ravaged throat. I had no idea how his parents fit in with me being his submissive whore f**ktoy, or if that meant I was to be kept as far away from his family as possible. It was too much to absorb under the circumstances.

I looked away from him. My eyes found Darren and Adam, who were speaking softly in a corner. Darren looked up, and our eyes met. He came over, and I hoped Jonathan wasn't about to have another pissing match.

As if he thought Darren was no threat at all, while Kevin somehow was, Jonathan excused himself to the interior of the house.

"I'm not sorry," Darren said.

I shrugged. Neither was I.

"Adam's going to pick up your thing. Whatever it was."

"Okay." I wanted to ask how long it would take because I didn't want Jonathan to see me without it and end up giving Darren the same ice-cold stare he'd just given Kevin.

I looked at Darren's face. I'd slapped it just two hours ago, and it seemed healed. Gabby'd had bruises on her left cheek when I went to visit her in the hospital, and my hand hadn't fared much better for the nine and a half minutes I'd hit her, because I thought it kept her alive. Maybe it had. I'd never found out because she was in her hospital bed with apologies, and I'd done everything I could to distract her. Everything. There was nothing more I could have done.

I asked, "Did Gabby ever tell you what she had to say about Jonathan?"

"No, but it wasn't good. Why?"

I was suddenly exhausted. My eyes hurt. My shoulders felt as though they were carrying a huge weight, and my beautiful shoes pushed me too far forward.

"Monica?" Darren said, putting his hand on my arm.

I felt Jonathan's presence and stood up straight, shaking it off and putting on my stage smile. Jonathan put his arm around me and guided me to the backyard. I don't know if a look was exchanged with Darren or not, and I didn't care.

Dad had designed the small backyard with private spaces and fruit trees. He'd placed flagstones to make paths and let them get overgrown where they needed to be, bordering hard lines with low jade plants and rocks. I led Jonathan to the back, against the cinderblock wall that kept the hill from sliding over our house. I hadn't looked at the bench in months. It was dirty with leaves and dust. Jonathan wiped it off, and we sat.

"How are you holding up?" he asked, stroking my hair.

I put my arms around his shoulders and kissed the place where his cheek and neck met. "What was that with Kevin?" I needed to know who I was dealing with, and every new piece of information I got pointed to the fact that I had no idea.

"I'm not good at hiding when I'm pissed. I don't like what he did to you." His lips touched my neck and his hand pressed me to his mouth.

"Possessive and jealous are real turn-offs, Jonathan. If you can't trust me-"

"I'm not possessive. I'm protective."

I sighed deeply, forgetting everything as his tongue found the most sensitive place on my throat. "Jonathan..."

"No talking."

The arm behind the bench brought me closer to him, and the hand at my cheek slid down my chest, landing over my breast, which reacted by getting tight, stiffening the nipple through my sweater. He dragged his fingernail over the hard lump, first lightly, then harder. He slid his face across mine until our noses touched, and I could see the blue specks in his eyes.

He squeezed my nipple hard through my sweater and bra. My mouth opened, but no sound came out. I reached between his legs, where I could feel his erection through his pants.

"No, Monica. This is for you. Put your hands to your sides."

I shook my head.

"I get off on this," he said. "You obeying me is what turns me on. Don't deny me."

I did as I was told, as always: submissive whore f**ktoy to someone who neglected to tell me where he'd spent his sixteenth year. I decided to think about it later.

He put his thumb to my lips. "Make this wet."

I took his thumb, and he moved it against my tongue as I sucked, pulling the juices from my mouth to give him what he asked for. Anything he asked for. The tidal wave between my legs demanded it as much as he did.

Our noses still touched as he slid his hand up my sweater, pushing the bra up so he could cup my breast. I panicked a little as he went past my navel, where the diamond should have been, but he went right by it, taking the nipple between his first finger and his moist thumb. I let out a hah when he squeezed and twisted.

"Keep your eyes open," he said. "Look at me."

I did as I was told.

He filled my vision when he pulled the nipple. "This is who we are." As if seeing my objection through my arousal, he continued, "You and I. You know that."

He dragged his thumbnail over the stretched nipple, and I opened my mouth, but no words came.

"Your legs are crossed. Spread them."

I did, cursing that I'd worn pants. I wanted his touch on me. I wanted him to feel how wet I was for him. A pang of guilt shot through me for being so turned on at Gabby's wake, but it was drowned out by the roar between my legs when he twisted my nipple again.

"Open the pants."

I unbuttoned and unzipped, keeping the sweater down over my bellybutton.

"Put your hand between your legs," he whispered.

"I can't." Somehow, feeling his touch on me would be all right. Touching myself would seem too self-indulgent.

"Yes, you can. And you will. For me."

I slipped my hand into my panties then stopped.

"Please," he said, not like a plea, but a mandate.

My middle finger found my wetness first, gathering over my engorged clit like dew. Jonathan sighed when my expression changed. I put my hand down to my opening, dragging the tingle and heat with it, and circled, gathering the juices between the two fingers, like a metal ball around a roulette wheel.

Jonathan kissed my cheek and stroked my breast, keeping the nipple stiff as I pulled my hand back up to my clit, which was as hard as a marble and soaking wet. I was so close already. My body remembered I'd been lying under the covers with Jonathan, even if my mind had moved on to other things.

"May I come?" I whispered. Things may have changed between us, but one thing did not remain undefined. He owned my orgasms, and I wanted him to have them.

"You are such a good girl."

"May I?"

He waited before answering, kissing my nose, my cheek, caressing my breast. I kept stroking while he surrounded me. My orgasm pushed against me, a pressure inside, asking to get out, begging, needing. I kept telling it, not yet, not yet until, all at once, he grabbed my nipple hard enough to hurt and said, "Come."

The tension released like broken strings, everywhere. My body straightened under my own touch, pulsing and clenching from pu**y to ass. I opened my mouth, and though I screamed inside, only air came out.

"Don't stop," he said.

I kept my hand moving, and the orgasm continued. My knees bent, and my body crouched and again, like a shot, I went rigid, breathing ah, ah, ah. It hurt, and just as I thought I couldn't take it anymore he said, "Stop."

I fell into his arms like a shuddering mound of jelly.

He laughed. "I think you needed that."

I just leaned my head on his chest, gasping for air.

"You didn't use your voice," he said, stroking my hair. "I thought for sure that would do it."

I shrugged.

"We need to get back inside," he said, "before all your ex-boyfriends come out here, and I have to kill them." He drew his hand over my belly and stopped. He picked up my sweater so he could see my naked navel. "Did you lose it?"

I put purest innocence on my face with a hint of lack of surprise. "Inside." I indicated the direction of the house, but downtown was in the same general direction, and unless it was in transport or being stolen, there was a good chance it was indoors.

He nodded and pulled my sweater down, then watched as I buttoned up. He seemed pensive, and I wondered if he'd become sensitive to contextual lies.

CHAPTER 17

When we got inside, much of the wake had broken up. The wait staff cleaned and put away, making beelines for the catering truck. Only a few people remained. Darren, in particular, looked lost, milling around the leftovers. Adam wasn't anywhere to be seen. Jonathan and Debbie spoke quietly at the door.

A man of about fifty, with round plastic glasses and long straight hair, approached me. "Are you Monica Faulkner?"

When I nodded, he held out his hand. "Jerry Evanston. I saw Gabby that afternoon."

I tilted my head. No memory had been jogged.

"Eugene at WDE asked me to go to DownDawg in Burbank to keep an artist company. It was crazy, but he got me my next gig, and I kind of owed him. I didn't question it. I wanted to say I'm sorry. I didn't know this would happen. Eugene's an ass**le, but I knew him in college, and he's always got a favor lined up when I need it."

I nodded and pointed to let him know I knew he was the one who had kept Gabby company while I f**ked up the scratch cut by myself. She'd been right. It had been a setup.

"I'd understand if you're pissed."

"It's okay," I whispered. "You didn't know."

"Your partner played for me, and she was brilliant. Eugene said you were really good."

I shrugged. It seemed the simplest way to communicate paragraphs worth of feeling. I was good. I was worthless. I was mute. I was music.

"Your voice okay?"

"Laryngitis."

"I have a proposition for you, because I feel guilty about what happened."

I nodded. The room suddenly seemed stifling with too many people around, and Yvonne giving me the old eyebrow as if I were her source for interesting news.

"Tell me," I said.

"I got this job. It's through Eugene, but that's not going to matter. Carnival Records. I'm working with the EVP to develop new talent."

"Herman Neville?" I asked, feeling like Gabby with her magic hat of names.

Jonathan came up behind me, and I took his hand. I wanted to lean on him more than anything. He and Jerry nodded to each other.

Jerry continued, "Yes. And I have this studio time I booked for Thursday. In Burbank. The talent cancelled this morning, and I thought, if you wanted to do something low production value, all you, we could put something decent together, and I could bring it to him. No promises. But I'd feel better."

"Could it be my song?"

"Well, it would have to be. If you have the voice to sing it, of course."

"Yes." My agreement came out in a breath, and I wondered what the hell I was doing. I had no song. Shit, I had no voice. What the f**k was I thinking?

"Great, here's my card."

"Thank you." I stared at it. It just had his name and number. Could have been anyone. And as he left, I thought, he was probably the last person to hear Gabby play.

Jonathan came up behind me as Jerry left, stroking my back, his touch electric even through my sweater. I glanced at Yvonne, who seemed to find our intimacy fascinating in a very "you go, girl" sort of way.

"Are you going to be all right?" he asked softly.

"Tired."

"Do you want to stay with me for a few days?"

My knees almost lost the ability to hold me up. I wanted nothing more than to crawl into the bed of his spare room, where we'd done all our f**king, and let him stroke and spoon me for days. His voice as I drifted off to sleep, the soft touch of his lips on me, and the feeling of being cared for, safe, partnered, were exactly what I wanted with all my heart. I looked into those jade eyes, which expressed none of the smug dominance of the club, only concern, and said, "I can't."

"Why not?"

"You're not a prince, Jonathan. You're a king. But I'm not ready." I touched his face and looked right at him, as if that could transmit the depth of my feelings for him, or my doubts about their prudence.

"I'm trying hard not to be a controlling ass**le."

"You're doing a good job."

He left me with a tender kiss that Yvonne saw, and then Darren was gone, too. The staff and all their accouterments disappeared with Debbie telling me I didn't have to come in tomorrow if I didn't want to. Then it was me in my clean house, alone. The door to Gabby's room was closed. I opened it.

My best friend's knowledge of Hollywood's web of relationships came from hours and hours of hard work. Her dresser was piled with manila envelopes, each with a name. Colored bars in felt tip pen decorated the bottom of each envelope, cross referenced by name, education, job, and personal and family relationships. Stacks of Variety, the Calendar section of the LA Times, the New York Times, and the Hollywood Reporter rose in towers around the perimeter of the room. I'd asked her repeatedly to make use of the recycle bin, but she always thought there might be one connection she missed, so she couldn't throw away a shred of paper. In the end, she'd just relegated the mess to her room and closed the door.

-You ok?-

Jonathan's text came in just as I was considering locking Gabby's door for good.

-Feet hurt. Fine otherwise. I'm going to bed-

-Good night, goddess-

-We still need to talk-

-When you can talk, we will. Now get to bed. No touching. I'll know...-

I was sure he would, somehow. The same way I was sure he knew about the diamond sitting in a baggie downtown.

CHAPTER 18

I wanted to stay in bed for days after Gabby's wake, but I couldn't skip work. I hustled in for the lunch shift dry-eyed and made up. I put on my stage smile for Debbie, who pursed her red lips and seemed generally unimpressed.

"Can you talk?"

I shook my head.

"So what do you think you're going to do?"

My face must have been a complete blank because I had no answer. Debbie sighed and called Robert over from the other side of the bar where he was flirting with two women who looked like cover models. She took my pad from my hands and said to him, "Monica's at the service bar tonight."

"Why? It's lunch."

"Question me again."

Robert was immediately cowed. The tone in Debbie's voice triggered something in me as well. A recognition. A wakefulness. When she glanced over at me and indicated I should go around to the other side of the bar, I knew what it was because I'd heard it from Jonathan's lips. Debbie was a dominant.

The fact that I recognized that told me more about myself than I wanted to know. I'd spent the morning and afternoon in busy sequester, puttering around the house, picking up Gabby's things, and putting them in boxes. The copies of Variety on top of the piano. The shoes by the door. The metronome she left by the TV. Music sheets. I'd separated them into Keep and Toss and then kept everything for Darren anyway. All that time, I heard not her voice in my head, but her music. I sat at the piano and played one of her compositions, the one she played when she was feeling threatened and powerless, the bombastic thing she'd been at just the other night, and I stopped mid-way. I didn't sound as good as she had. Some keys were off, but she never wrote down her own stuff. She only did notations on pieces she heard and was trying to figure out. I'd snapped up a few sheets of the notepaper abandoned in the Toss bin and played again, writing down the notes as I went. And then, as if the notes could not be contained as simple sounds, words flowed through them. I had run for the legal pad by my bed.

What if he collars me? Slaps me? Spanks me? Bites me? Fucks me in the ass? Whips me? Hurts me? Displays me? Gags me? Blindfolds me? Shares me? Humiliates me? Ties me down? Makes me bleed? Fucks me up?

That f**king list. I could have added another hundred things.

Chocks my mouth open. Pulls my hair. Fucks my face. Calls me whore. Tells me to lick the floor. Destroys me. Makes me hate myself. Turns me into an animal.

And that was it, wasn't it? I was afraid of turning into something subhuman, not just to him or to the people around me, but to myself.

I'd remembered the tone in Jonathan's voice when he demanded something of me. The calmness, the surety, the note itself. A chord. I played it, toying with the sounds until I came up with something in D, and I checked the notations I'd made of Gabby's piece. I could do it. I could keep her alive. I could figure out how to continue with him, if at all.

Hearing that tone in Debbie's voice threw me for a second, and I stood silent. She raised her eyebrow and made a motion with her hand, indicating that it was time for me to go under the service bar and do my new job. As I passed her she said, "You need to get to the doctor."

I smiled, not because I agreed, but because I knew it wasn't something a doctor could fix. I didn't know if I'd be able to sing in time to record with Jerry on Thursday, but at least I had the beginnings of a song.

I poured for the girls, dancing around Robert to get to the bottles, refilling the ice when necessary, and replenishing the beer. I was definitely stepping on his territory and his tip total for the shift, so I tried to be nice to him.

I was having a fun time just smiling and nodding as forms of communication, until I saw Darren at the bar, looking sullen.

"Hey," he said. "You're back there?"

I indicated the service part of the bar just as Tanya came up with a ticket. I filled glasses with ice, then the liquor, and stuck her ticket at six o'clock. It was still slow, so I leaned over the bar, wiping the space in front of Darren.

"Can you get me a beer?" he asked.

I shook my head. Robert was already giving me the devil eye. I pointed at the beers. Robert slipped it out of the case, poured it, and opened the ticket.

"I got your thing," Darren said. "Pretty big f**king rock."

I held out my hand.

"I left it on the piano."

I nodded and glanced at Debbie, who was on the phone and watching me.

"I'm not sorry," he said. "I shouldn't have called you a whore, but that doesn't change anything."

I had so much to say, starting with the fact that I had no use for his non-apology and ending with the fact that I didn't need his judgmental attitude. But I'd also evened it all out by slapping him good and hard, so it wasn't resentment I held as much as impatience. He needed to get over it so we could work on the Vancouver piece, whatever that would be.

Angie, another waitress, came by with a ticket, and I poured her drinks. Then Tanya. Then the new girl, whose name I'd forgotten. They were all working harder because I wasn't on the floor, and Robert was making less, so I tried hard to pull my weight. By the time I turned around, Darren was gone, and two hundred-dollar bills sat under his empty bottle. Robert went for them, but I snatched them first.

"What the f**k, Monica?"

Not being able to talk was getting on my last nerve. I showed him the money and grabbed him by the back of the neck, whispering as clearly as I could, "Paying back a loan." I looked him in the eye with all the intensity I had. I wasn't taking an argument for an answer. I pushed him away.

Then I saw Jonathan at the end of the bar. It was the same seat he'd occupied the night I'd kissed him overlooking the Valley on Mulholland and again at the food truck lot. He leaned on both elbows, talking on the phone and watching me. I hadn't seen him at the Stock since the day he'd left me hungry and begging for him on Sam's desk. I assumed he was intentionally and respectfully avoiding my shifts. I approached him. He opened his hand, and I took it just as he finished his call.

"Hello, goddess."

I mouthed, Hello, king.

"Still not talking?"

I shook my head, just staring at him. I was used to him, the curve of his jaw and the color of his hair. He was a familiar thing I was getting to know deeply, line by gorgeous line. I wanted to crawl over the bar and drop into his arms.

"When do you record with that guy?"

Thursday, I mouthed. He watched my lips move with an unnerving intensity.

"And what were you intending to do about this problem?"

I shrugged. I was anxious about the non-talking. I didn't think about much else, but I didn't have a cure. I knew it wasn't physical; fear that kept my vocal cords from connecting.

"Do you have plans after work?"

I shook my head again. Yesterday, I would have been able to answer, but this thing had been getting worse. His concerned look told me he noticed. I caught sight of Sam approaching and slipped my fingers from Jonathan's and went back to the service bar.

Jonathan didn't make an appearance at the bar again, which was just as well. The dinner crowd was larger than usual, and we were busy enough for me to get a few grateful looks from Robert. My shift seemed to end in no time at all, but it was dark, and the heat lamps had just been turned on when relief arrived.

Debbie handed Robert and me our envelopes. "Nice night," she said. "Thank you both for working together. You-" She pointed at me. "-get that throat looked at. You did fine, but we don't need you at the service bar. We need you on the floor, acting witty and charming."

I nodded, mouthing okay while keeping my eyes downcast. She'd been very kind not to send me home as soon as she realized I couldn't talk, and I was grateful.

At my locker, I got out my clothes and stuffed my envelope in my pocket. I felt it then, a hard piece that was too rigid to be cash. I tore open the envelope. There was far less than I was used to, as seemed just under the circumstances, and a key card for one of the rooms in the Stock hotel.

My phone blooped right then

-room 522 be naked-

A ripple of electricity coursed between my legs. Despite the fact that he and I had so much to discuss, despite the fact that I couldn't speak and should go see a doctor, despite everything, I wanted him immediately. I grabbed my bag and shuffled to the elevator, texting on the way.

-Honestly, why bother if I can't scream your name?-

-You'll scream-

-I think I'll just go home and wash my socks-

I was getting out on the fifth floor when I realized the one thing that should get me home right away. I cursed myself. I should have put him off with an honest rescheduling, if for even an hour. But now my jokey, sarcastic texts meant I was on my way up, and my diamond navel ring was on my piano. Fuck.

I stood outside the elevator, staring at my phone. I had to just do it.

-Actually, can I...

I never finished the text. Everything I considered typing sounded like a complete fabrication. I'd already told him I didn't have any plans. He'd already seen I wasn't sick or otherwise indisposed. I was just going to have to put on my big girl panties and deal.

CHAPTER 19

I didn't know what to do with myself. I was supposed to be getting undressed and waiting for him naked, but I couldn't stand before him in all my nude, diamond-less glory. He'd see the missing jewel at some point, of course, but I'd rather it not be in the first three seconds, with him clothed and me squirming and naked.

So I paced the room, looked out the window at the disputable glories of Downtown, and waited with an anticipation that lacked sex in its tension. When the door clicked open, I wanted to run out, but Jonathan blocked the way.

He looked me up and down, in my black jeans and T-shirt, then tilted his head as if trying to figure me out. "Something's not adding up here," he said, dropping his keycard on the dresser. He didn't seem angry, just stern. Even when I smiled and shrugged, with a finger in my cheek like a pure innocent, he didn't crack. He stepped so close to me I felt his breath on my cheek. "Naked, Monica."

I shuddered. I wanted to obey. My hands twitched for my buttons and snaps, but I held them down and looked into his eyes. There was a smile there, buried under the rigidity. I couldn't tell if it was humor or enjoyment, but there was pleasure. If I could get him to take my clothes off so fast or messily he didn't notice, I'd consider this a success.

"Is this the submissive thing?" he asked. "You're proving you're not?"

I kept my mouth closed. I couldn't speak, so I had the perfect excuse not to answer. I just kept my face close to his, feeling the heat come off him in waves.

He brushed his hand across the top edge of my jeans. "Are you taking that belt off, or am I?"

I gave my twitching hands something to do, yanking my leather belt though the loop and snapping it off. I was about to drop it on the floor when he caught it.

"Thank you," he said.

He slipped his fingers in my waistband, and I gasped as he unbuttoned my jeans, then pulled down the zipper. He folded back the corners of the fly.

"My intention was to get you to use your voice one way or the other. You chose the other." He took a handful of hair at the back of my neck and threw me on the bed, face down.

I landed with a bounce. He was on me before I had a chance to inhale, straddling me, his knees pressing my thighs together as he grabbed my arms at the elbows.

"Anything that sounds like 'no' or 'stop' is effective. But you have to say it." He pulled my elbows together behind my back.

The restriction brought a tingle between my legs, a sensation that started deep in my gut and ran to the very tip of my crotch. When he wrapped the belt around my arms just above the elbows, I gasped from the sudden rush of arousal that nearly blinded me. He pulled it tight. I couldn't move.

"You have to use your voice. Do you understand?"

I nodded, looking back at him, half my face on the bedspread, the other half covered with a mass of hair. He gripped my jeans at the waistband and yanked them down over my ass, taking my panties with them. I thought he was going to pull them all the way off, but he only got them down to mid-thigh before he stopped to raise my ass up and back until my knees were under me.

He moved the hair from my eyes, looking deeply into them as he brushed his fingers over my vagina. "You're wet, Monica." He circled the outside of it, pushing the lips aside.

I felt how wet I was in the way he touched me, moving smoothly. Watching my face, he drew his hand away, and in the half second I missed it, I thought he'd take off his pants or kiss my pu**y, but instead, his hand landed on my ass with a hard slap. A hah left my lungs. Then he did it again, higher up. Hard.

The sting was intense, and the rush of arousal was undeniable, like the tide coming in. My arms tensed against their binds, but I wasn't going anywhere. I was under him completely, confined, aroused, controlled. I had no will of my own, just the enslavement of his palm on my ass as he stroked it once across, down to my snatch, then brought it back up to slap me again.

"You okay, baby?" he asked.

I nodded, admitting to myself that I felt more than okay. I felt safe. He kept at it. Stroke, slap, caress, slap. I lost myself in the sting and heat on my ass, submitted completely to what was happening, what I allowed to happen. The seconds between his palm slapping me and the stinging whacks themselves were hot with anticipation, and he timed them so they came when I didn't expect, thrusting me forward. My breathing got harsh and guttural as he moved down my thighs, one side, then the other. I knew he was going to hit the center. I knew the next slap was going to cut right into my pu**y, and as if he knew I knew, he held it back an extra second, then whacked the backs of my thighs and my soaking clit.

I grunted.

"Monica, was that you?" He was breathless himself.

I couldn't make the noise again until he slapped my cunt twice, hard and fast, and the sting, then the rush of pleasure pulled one long vowel sound from my throat.

"There it is. That beautiful voice."

I felt the pressure on the mattress as he took off his pants. I couldn't see what he was doing, but those seconds of anticipation were rewarded when I felt his c**k against the raw skin of my ass. He pushed it down along the slick wetness of my crack, and it slipped in as if meant to be there.

"Jonathan," was the only word I had as I felt him glide so slowly into me. He felt better than he ever had, smoother, silken almost, and I groaned, using the vocal cords that never could or would have damaged my life.

He dug his fingers into my waist and pushed himself deep, hard. A grunt left his lips. He took me, owned me, used me, and I was going to come right there with my back to him.

"No," I said. "Not like this."

He stopped and laid himself along the length of my back. "How do you want it?"

"Be sweet," I whispered.

"I need to hear your voice."

"Make love to me," I said, more embarrassed to ask for that than to beg for a hard f**k. But after the spanking, I needed his arms around me, his face in my neck, his breath in my ear.

He undid the belt that held my arms in one motion and turned me around. When I was on my back and my ankles were in the air, he pulled my jeans off the rest of the way. His dick never left me. Once I saw his face, I knew something had just happened between us. The rigidity in his eyes was gone, replaced by a mask of longing, and the openness to reveal it. He kissed me as I wrapped my legs around him. We moved together, and the urgency in my snatch turned into a fire. He put his hands on my cheeks.

"Look at me."

I took him in, all of him. We slid against each other, his c**k rubbing my sensitive, reddened lips while he pressed my clit against his belly.

"Oh." I had not another syllable.

"Look at me when you come." He rocked back and forth, drawing his dick out just enough so my sore pu**y felt the pain and pleasure of him thrusting back in.

I took his hair in my hands, bringing his face to mine, as I spread my legs as far as they'd go. My pu**y became a bag of marbles dropped on the floor, as it opened and the feeling spread all over me, across the floor, and into the corners. Ice-cold and white-hot at the same time, to my toes in undulating waves, I pressed myself against him and screamed as the marbles reversed themselves and landed everywhere his dick touched me. Nowhere else. I couldn't feel another thing, hear another thing, not even my own cries as I came, my cunt clenching him over and over.

I was looking right at him, but I couldn't see a thing past my own pleasure or hear him over my own screams.

When I finally opened my eyes, his face had drooped, and his eyes closed, and he said, "Ah, no," as he jerked into me like a reflex.

I felt close to him, tuned together, breathing in sync. He would tell me what happened when he was sixteen. He'd tell me about Westonwood Acres, and I promised myself I wouldn't care. We were bound.

"I'm sorry, Monica." He pulled out of me, and from the way it felt and the slew of liquid that followed, I knew we had a problem.

"You weren't wearing a condom?"

"I was going to put one on, but when you asked me to flip you, I thought I had another minute. But you came and then-"

"Jesus Christ."

"We'll handle it, whatever happens."

"This is not about you keeping me and a baby in a nice lifestyle, Jonathan." I felt shrieky. That moment between us had been so short before it was broken, and I already felt withdrawal pangs. "How many women have you been with?"

He straightened his arms, separating himself further. "I'm always careful."

"How is that supposed to help me sleep at night?"

"Monica..."

I pushed him off me and rushed into the bathroom, closing the door behind me. Alone. Finally. I could think about what the f**k I was doing. Crazy. It was all crazy. I turned on the shower and leaned against the door, sliding down to the floor.

I was involved with a womanizing slut who got over his wife fifteen minutes ago, who just spanked me because he thought I was ball-gag submissive, and who had spent time in a mental institution. Was I f**king nuts? Kevin was more stable.

I stripped off my T-shirt and bra and stepped into the shower. I'd worried about that diamond. I didn't even give a shit anymore. That thing was going back in the box and getting sent back to his doorstep. I couldn't return it personally. I couldn't let my knees get weak for that controlling, irresponsible, manipulative motherfucker.

A vision of him came to me, at the club the second time, when I was so worried about Jessica. I saw him straight and tall in his suit and tie, ginger hair finger-brushed back, and that slip of a smile when he spotted me, because the smile I felt in my heart when I saw him was ten times the size of the one on my face.

I turned up the heat on the water, cleaning between my legs as if that was going to do a damn thing. But I had to get him out. The scent of him, the taste, every cell of his had to be gone. Of course, the problem was that I wasn't involved with him. I wasn't dating him. I wasn't casually f**king him.

I was falling in love with him.

And when I realized that, I felt the warmth of peace because I knew what I was contending with, and my choice was clear. Stay with him, love him, and deal with the consequences, or end it with the commitment to make sure it stayed ended.

When I got out of the shower, I hadn't made a decision.

Jonathan was gone.

CHAPTER 20

I sat in the Echo Park Family Clinic, checking my phone. I tapped at the letters, considering a message to him, but with nothing to say about what I wanted from him, how could I show him the disrespect of a message? And with no word from him, maybe he was going to make my decision for me.

Darren texted:

-Are we cleaning Gabby's room?-

Lately, he and I only discussed practical matters. I thought that would be okay for a while. Eventually, we'd have to discuss what had happened.

-Can we do later in the week?-

-k-

-BTW I got my voice back-

-good-

-I want to use one of Gs comps. I'll credit her as author so the estate gets the royalties-

There was a long pause after that, then:

-You're a good and honest person with an incredible right hook-

"Monica Faulkner," called the Hispanic woman behind the desk. She wore pink scrubs and slippers. I stepped forward as she took a triplicate paper from a sleeve. "Okay, you had a dose of postinor for emergency contraception and a depo-provera shot. Sign here. Did the doctor give you a date to return for another shot?"

"Yeah."

"Anything else?"

"I don't know if this guy is worth it."

"They never are, mija. Not one of them."

CHAPTER 21

We wove words under popsicle trees,

The ceiling open to the sky,

And you want to own me

With your fatal grace and charmed words.

All I own is a handful of stars

Tethered to a bag of marbles that turns

Will you call me whore?

Destroy me,

Make me lick the floor,

Twist me in knots,

Turn me into an animal?

Will I be a vessel for you?

Slice open our lying box

Through a low doorway for our

Shoulds and oughts.

Choose the things I don't need,

No careless moments, no mystery.

And you need nothing.

My backward bend doesn't feed.

Will I ever own you?

Tie you?

Can I ever collar you?

Hurt you,

Hold you, and own you?

Will you ever be a vessel for me?

"That," said Jerry from behind the glass, "is exactly what I'm talking about. That is a song.

"Thanks," I said into the mic as I took off my headphones. I'd laid down the piano track first to get the tempo down, then I'd sung over it as I listened. "I'd like to do that second chorus again."

"It's that or you lay in the theremin. We're short on time"

My little electromagnetic box sat in the corner. The second chorus was going to have to stay the way it was. I needed to lay in a track with an instrument played without touching it, or the whole song wouldn't work. The lyrics were the culmination of all my fears, but there had to be a portion of the music that was comforting and sweet. Anything less would have been unfair.

Jerry didn't know that I hadn't actually composed an accompaniment for the theremin. I told myself I hadn't had time, but the fact was, I didn't know what I wanted out of the thing. The sounds it made were the opposite of Gabby's percussive composition, and the two things together made no sense at all.

As I stood in front of it, listening to my voice and the piano together in my headphones, I reached for the instrument. My hand crossed the electromagnetic field and made a note. I moved the other hand between the metal poles, stroking the music, not touching a thing, the vibrations caused by the lack of physicality. The hand dance became a sensual thing, as if I touched an imaginary man who had come too close to me when I felt vulnerable, who had touched me when I hurt, and who had made the mistake of caring about me when I asked him to. For those sins and the mistake of letting his skin touch mine in a dangerous way, I'd shut him out.

"Can I start over?" I asked Jerry, who was flipping dials in the control room.

"Yep."

Then I played the thing with all my anger and sorrow, flicking my fingers into the air to create notes of apology in measures of longing and grief.

CHAPTER 22

I got back from the studio feeling as though I'd just played to a stadium crowd. Jerry was going to remix the whole thing and review it with me in the next few days. Until then, I was high. I had to shower and change before meeting Kevin and Darren about the Vancouver piece.

A Fiat was parked in front of my house. I recognized it as the one that had been parked in Jonathan's driveway the second night we were together. On my porch stood his assistant in all her blond sullenness.

"Hi," I said. "I don't think we've met?"

"Kristin." She didn't shake my hand or smile, just handed me an envelope. "I'm supposed to wait until you read it."

I tore it open. Inside was a sheet from Trend Laboratories. In the top right corner, Jonathan had scribbled, Sleep well.

Under the header were the words TEST RESULTS. Smaller words lined up beneath that. Many were no more than jumbles of consonants, each with two checkboxes. Positive and negative. Negative boxed were checked all down the line. I did a purposeful check for HIV, and when I saw the Negative box checked, I breathed a sigh of relief.

"Do you want to come in?" I asked.

"I'm late."

"Can I give you something to pass back to him?"

"Sure." Though the word itself implied that giving Jonathan a note would be her pleasure, and though her tone was completely professional, her posture and stony face told another story. She was probably a Harvard MBA passing notes between her boss and his mistress.

I unlocked the house. "This won't take a second."

I had a box of receipts, and I dug through it until I came to the one from the Echo Park Family Clinic. I circled the prescription for my morning-after pill and wrote, You too, in the upper right-hand corner. I stuffed it into the envelope, went back outside, and handed it back to her. I knew what I wanted to do.

He hadn't texted or called since he'd spanked me pink in the hotel room. I knew he was giving me space, taking the pressure off. He'd broken a cardinal rule by entering me without a condom, but I wasn't such a child as to think I had no responsibility to protect both of us. I could have checked. I could have been more diligent. When his dick felt so good in me, I should have known. It wasn't as if I'd never felt an unwrapped penis before.

I held my phone, feeling the heft of it in my palm. I could call him. I could reach out to him, and we could discuss him tying me up and hitting me with riding crops. Or chocking my mouth open so he could f**k it. Or sharing me with his buddies. How far did it go? How deep was the kink? I had no idea. I'd shut him down pretty quickly.

I put away the phone, deciding to give it an hour. I wanted him to have that receipt in his hands before I called.

CHAPTER 23

"Why should the space be limited?" Darren asked. "Space is visual, and it's your problem. Time is aural, and that's between Monica and me."

"This is a representation of human limitation," Kevin said, his posture twisted like a spring, leaning forward, fully engaged as always. "We have no authority over space and time in reality, and any control we wrest is, by its nature, false."

"So Monica and I will dictate the space, and you'll dictate the tempo. We work from there."

I leaned back, arms crossed, legs stretched, and ankles twisted. I had nothing to add. They were in an epic intellectual pissing match. None of what they said mattered, and it ran counter to the original vision, which was to remove the intellectual from the emotional. But they'd started the minute we entered Hoi Poloi Hog, also known as HPH.

The furnishings were found objects rescued from street corners and thrift stores. That included the lighting, the sockets of which had been fitted with bulbs that seemed specifically designed to cast as little light as possible. The sunless, dark blue sky of the October evening didn't help the lighting situation at all, burnishing the faces of my two companions a deep bronze.

It was lost on no one that I sat with two of the three men I'd shared my body with, but it wasn't discussed. Art was discussed.

"Either of you guys need more coffee?" I asked. They were both on their second espressos.

"I'll get it," Darren said. "You guys got the last two." He got up and went to the bar.

Kevin didn't say anything for a second, and neither did I. He'd get to it if I didn't try to fill the empty space.

"You need a partner for this?" he asked. "Because I didn't ask for a team."

"You would have had three of us if Gabby hadn't gone swimming while overdosing."

"Was that a cheap shot?"

It was my turn to lean forward. "I don't work well alone. You know that. I do my best work with other people."

"You have to get over that."

"You're not feeling threatened, are you?"

He leaned back in his seat and gnawed on a lemon rind. "You do not like being challenged, Tweety Bird."

My phone blooped, and I glanced at it. Jonathan.

-Jesus Christ, the Echo Park family clinic? Are you serious?-

-Problem?-

-Let me count the ways-

I was considering what to reply when it blooped again.

-Can we stop this and talk before I have an accident?-

I had a wisecrack at the ready regarding the meaning of the word "accident" and possible incontinence problems that could be serviced at the Echo Park Family Clinic for a nominal fee. I kept it to myself. "I'll be right back," I said to Kevin, not responding to his questioning look as I took the phone outside.

The street was active with dog walkers, phone talkers, deep kissers, and loud laughers. The traffic was loud, and I had to pinch one ear shut when he picked up.

"Hi," I said.

"You walked out of there with more diseases than you walked in with."

"You're being a snob."

"Snobbery is a defense against low social position. Ego sum forsit."

"I can't believe you just said that. Even without the Latin part."

"Which I botched, really. Because I feel like I've botched everything with you."

I let the silence hang for a second, checking in with my memory of him, the way he moved, the way he spoke, his scent, his breath. Then, I thought of Carlos's blacked-out page from the institution, the ex-wife he may still love, the woman in San Francisco, and of course, the submissive thing.

I took a deep breath before I broke the silence. "We're both not saying the same thing."

If there was a way to hear a smile on the other end of a phone line, it would have deafened me. "I'll be home at ten or so, unless you want me to come there."

It hadn't occurred to me to do anything at my house, and the idea was appealing, except for Gabby's empty room and Carlos's envelope, which made a huge mental racket for an inanimate object.

"Ten is fine."

He breathed. Was it a sigh? "I look forward to it."

I went back in to watch the other two great f**ks of my life talk about the dialectics of emotion.

CHAPTER 24

I got out of there at nine forty-five with a head full of multi-syllabic words and no solutions. The boys were still talking about what it all meant in the grand scheme of things and seemed to be enjoying each other's company more and more as the espressos went down. As I got into the Honda, I decided that if they ended up sleeping together, I'd promptly become a lesbian, then banished the thought.

Jonathan's gate was open like a mouth ready to swallow me whole. I parked in his driveway and shut the car, sitting there for a second and watching the bougainvillea vine swing in the autumn wind. The yellow pad I'd been working on stuck out of my bag. I'd dashed off some notes during my talk with Kevin and Darren, but the page with my fears about Jonathan remained.

What if he collars me? Slaps me? Spanks me? Bites me? Fucks me in the ass? Whips me? Hurts me? Displays me? Gags me? Blindfolds me? Shares me? Humiliates me? Ties me down? Makes me bleed? Fucks me up? Chocks my mouth open. Pulls my hair. Fucks my face. Calls me whore. Tells me to lick the floor. Destroys me. Makes me hate myself. Turns me into an animal.

I dug around my bag and found a pencil. I leaned the pad against the steering wheel and crossed out some things. It was probably wildly incomplete, but a starting point.

What if he collars me? Slaps me? Spanks me? Bites me? Fucks me in the ass? Whips me? Hurts me? Displays me? Gags me? Blindfolds me? Shares me? Humiliates me? Ties me down? Makes me bleed? Fucks me up? Chocks my mouth open. Pulls my hair. Fucks my face. Calls me whore. Tells me to lick the floor. Destroys me. Makes me hate myself. Turns me into an animal.

My remaining list didn't leave him with much room to maneuver, but I didn't see any of the crossed-out stuff as negotiable. The front door opened, casting a brighter light on my paper. Jonathan stepped out and went to the edge of the porch. Clutching my little pad, I got out of the car.

He leaned over the railing. "I thought you'd passed out in there." His hand gripped the railing, and in the light, each vein, each bone, each hair came to life as I imagined it on my body.

"I'm fine." I went up the porch steps as I'd done twice before, more guarded than the first time and more turned on than the second. He stood to the side of the door, waiting for me to pass. I didn't.

"You're not coming in?" he asked.

"I want to say something first."

He leaned in the entryway. "Okay."

I had words. I had plenty of words, but they all ran together and made no sense. I handed him the pad. He glanced at me, then down at it. I'd never felt so naked in front of him, even fully clothed in pants and long sleeves. He was looking at my limits. I couldn't imagine anything more intimate. I felt tingly heat all over my chest and cheeks when he glanced back up at me.

"You forgot to cross off anal sex."

"I tried it once. Didn't like it. If you're better at it, I'll have another crack." I paused. "No pun intended."

He pulled his lips between his teeth. I blinked hard twice, but that was as far as we got before we started laughing. The joke was terrible, but the release of tension turned what should have been a groaner in to a belly laugh. He tried to look at the list again, but started laughing, which made me unable to stop, and we were both wiping tears before he reached for me. I took his hand.

"Your list is good," he said.

"Really? It seemed like I didn't leave much."

"Monica, this should be fun. If we're not having fun, we're doing it wrong." He looked at our clasped hands and softened. "The other day, I said everything in the worst way possible. I like playing, and I know how to do it safely, but I haven't made a lifestyle out of it. I wasn't out looking for a submissive, and I haven't set hooks in the ceilings."

"So no dungeon?"

"The Historical Society wouldn't allow it," he joked.

"Oh please, you could buy and sell the Historical Society."

I tilted my head up, and he took the signal, kissing me. He wrapped his arms around my shoulders and pulled me close. "Jessica was the last woman I cared about that I discussed this with, and it didn't go well. None of it did. I was scared you'd run away."

"And I did."

"Sure as f**k you did. I was pretty upset."

"You didn't seem upset."

"I have a rich inner life, but that's where it stays."

"Really? Nobody gets in?" I slipped my arms around his waist.

"Can you live with that?" He puts his hands on my cheeks and kissed me. His stubble scraped my face, a rough counterpoint the softness of his lips and the slickness of his tongue.

"No. Not for long."

"I'd like to see how long." He kissed me in earnest, pressing his body to mine. He felt good. Delicious. Warm and supple with his hands on my back and his open mouth on mine.

I could have kissed him for hours, but I didn't have the luxury. I kept my body close to his while moving my mouth away. "I need a test night. Like a trial run. To see if I'm scared."

"Boo." He dragged his lips down my neck and pushed his hands up my shirt.

"I mean it."

"Okay. You just smell perfect. And also..." He pulled far enough away to look into my eyes. "I'm blocked. I have everything I want from you, and I can't think of anything to do. I have too many options."

I pushed him away, smiling. "You're supposed to stand in the doorway and tell me to get undressed."

He laughed and stood framed in the warm light of the open door. He looked me up and down. I'd come from the meeting in tight jeans, boots, and a woven long-sleeved shirt with a daunting number of buttons.

"That outfit's bulletproof," he said.

"Sorry." I started unbuttoning the shirt.

"No," he said, his smile an infectious disease spreading all over his face. "Stop. Let's start over. Come up the steps."

He slipped into the house and closed the door behind him. Okay. He wanted to start over in the right frame of mind. I went down the porch steps and back up slowly. I knocked on the door and stepped back, clearing my throat. It seemed like two full minutes before the door opened, and he was there again, wearing the same shirt and linen pants, in his sock feet, smile in dormancy, but there at the corners of his mouth.

"Monica."

"Jonathan."

"It's good to see you."

"And you."

"Turn around."

My breathing immediately got heavier, pooling between my legs as I turned my back to him.

"Unbutton your pants." His voice had gotten half an octave deeper and more staccato at the hard consonants. The change in it made laughter impossible.

I yanked my belt loose, unbuttoned my jeans, and pulled down the zipper, then put my hands back at my sides.

"Good girl."

I felt him get closer behind me. He stuck his thumbs in my waistband and tugged down my jeans. In three heaves, they were mid-thigh, with my panties still protecting my ass.

"Now," he said, putting his hand on my back, "when I say bend over, you do it from the waist."

"Okay."

"Do it."

I bent over until my nose was inches from my knees. He put his hand on my ass and a finger in my panties, slipping under them to feel me. I gasped.

"You're wet."

"Yes."

"What were you thinking about while you were waiting out here?"

"Nothing."

"This is only fun if we're honest." He pulled my underwear down and circled my opening with his finger. "So say it."

Through my knees, I could see his legs behind me and the open door of the house. I closed my eyes. "I was imagining you'd come through the door. You put your hand at the back of my neck and grabbed my hair. You kissed me. Then you pulled me down until I was kneeling. You had your dick out. I don't know how, but it's a fantasy, and you did it really fast. And you put your c**k to my lips, and I took you in my mouth. You sighed really loud."

"Then what?"

"I started over. Did it a little differently. Maybe more kissing. Or I went to one knee instead of both."

"So it was that moment."

"Yes."

He put two fingers in me. I groaned.

"Another time. Maybe. When you trust me completely." He leaned over, brushing his free hand against my neck and shoulder, and pulled me up to standing, telling me what he wanted with a slight pressure. He pulled out his fingers and reached around me with his other hand, cupping my chin. "Open."

I opened my mouth, and he put in the two fingers he'd just removed from me.

"This is what I taste when I eat you."

I sucked his fingers, savoring the sex on them, the taste of arousal filling my mouth, my tongue licking his hard fingers. His erection pressed against my ass. His other hand pressed against my belly, pulling me against him. He took his fingers out of my mouth and put them back on my cheek, leaving dampness in their wake.

"You turned on?" he asked.

"Yes."

"If I do anything that changes that, you let me know."

I nodded.

"I didn't hear that."

"Yes."

"Yes, what?"

At once, I rebelled against the suggestion that I call him by an honorary, but at the same time, I wanted desperately to complete the act of surrender. "Yes, sir."

"You just gave me a little palpitation."

"I am at your service."

He brushed my hair from my ear and spoke softly. "Your knees, darling. Turn around and make use of them."

I stumbled a little as I tried to get on my knees in my half pulled-down pants. He took my elbow and helped me. Kneeling eye-level to his crotch, I watched him undo his pants and pull out his dick. I wanted it. I wanted to suck it dry. He took me by the back of the head and put his c**k to my lips. I waited a second before opening my mouth and giving him complete power over me.

"Like you did it at the club," he said. "Open all the way for me."

He pushed his hips forward, and I took him, all of him, down my throat. I groaned for him, vibrating, concentrating on keeping open, accepting, concentrating on his pleasure, which peaked my own. It wasn't long before his thrusts became less gentle, more erratic.

"God, Monica. Get ready..." He groaned loudly, and the sticky bite of his se**n filled my mouth and throat. He slowed, still coming.

I couldn't close my lips, so my mouth dripped his fluid. He thrust twice more then fell out of me. I looked up at him as he stroked my hair.

"Thank you."

"You're welcome, sir."

He whipped out one of those expensive hankies and wiped my mouth. It felt smooth and warm. "You change when you call me sir," he said as he helped me up.

"It turns me on."

"It's only for when we're together like this."

I nodded. He pulled me to him by the waist and kissed me hard and deep. I didn't know if I was supposed to put my arms around him, so I kept them at my sides until he lifted them over his shoulders, and I embraced him fully.

"You're both the best and worst submissive I've ever met."

"And you're the only dominant I've ever met."

"I want to be your last. I want to ruin you for other men."

"Better get cracking then, Drazen."

"Sir."

"Drazen, sir."

He smirked. "Leave your clothes on the porch. Then, upstairs with you. There's one door open."

He watched as I pulled my boots off, wiggled out of my jeans, then unbuttoned my shirt. I didn't do it in a lascivious way, using only the most functional movements to complete the task. When I was naked head to toe, he moved to the side so I could get past him. He took my hand, and I went upstairs in front of him.

My heart beat so hard I could barely breathe. I was doing it. The thing on the porch was an appetizer. Upstairs, I'd be his completely. I could do it. I had to. My soaking, pulsing snatch demanded it. My hard ni**les insisted on it. My come-covered throat required it.

I felt his eyes on my ass as I got to the top of the stairs. All the hall doors were closed except one, and it wasn't the one I'd been to twice before.

"Go on," he said.

I went through the open door. The difference between the two bedrooms I'd been in was more than the size, with the new one being bigger by fifty percent. The room was finished, lived in, and full of personal objects and photographs. The rug was worn where a man might lay his feet in the morning and night. The night table on one side held books, a half-empty glass of water, and a box of tissues.

"This is your room."

"Yes, darling." He ran his fingertips down my arms. "Get on the bed. On your back, please."

The bed was higher than the other. I crawled up and rolled over. The down comforter was cool on my back, soft on the feather bed.

Jonathan put his hands between my knees and spread them apart, then pulled them up, bending them until my heels touched my ass. I groaned from his touch and the act of obeying it.

"Stay there," he said. He got undressed, tossing his things on a leather chair while I lay on the bed, pu**y and ass**le up in the air. I watched his biceps tighten and release as he got his shirt off. His c**k bounced out of his pants again. Naked, he slid on top of me and kissed my br**sts and the diamond in my navel. I put my hands on his head, trying to push him down, but he wasn't being moved.

"So, the receipt from the clinic?" he started.

"Yes?"

"When does that birth control thing kick in?" he asked, coming face to face.

"Because of when I had my period last... uuuuuhm.... I have to figure it because the doctor said it was real important." I pretended to count on my fingers and tapped my cheek like I was thinking, screwing my eyes around.

"Monica, please." He played at annoyed, but he was smiling.

"Immediately."

He buried his face in my neck. "And I'm clean. What do you think?"

"You're the boss."

"This has to be more of a consensus."

I touched his face. He'd already ruined me for other men. "Yes," I said. "I want to feel you."

"You've overwhelmed me twice in one night."

"Don't freeze up on me on my first night of submission."

He straightened his arms, holding his body over me. "What happened to freaked-out Monica?"

"She turned into aroused Monica."

He shifted to my side and sat up. "Roll over then, aroused Monica."

I rolled over onto my stomach, holding myself up on my elbows. He placed his palm on my back, dragging it down my shoulder blades and the curve of my spine, landing on my ass, which he squeezed before standing up behind me.

"Okay, I'm going to show you something." He picked my ass up off the mattress. "Bend your knees under you."

I did it. I had one side of my face against the down comforter, watching him as he touched me and shifted my body the way he thought necessary.

"Now, pick up your butt. All the way up."

I did as I was told, straightening my knees to right angles.

"Higher." He gave my ass a slap that made me groan, then drew his hand along my back again, as if feeling for the right curve, "Put your hands under you, between your knees."

I wiggled to get them under me. "Touch your ankles."

"Like this?"

"Exactly like that."

He touched me all over, and I did feel like his work of art, his living opus with my ass in the air, so far up and bent out that my cunt must have been saluting the room.

"Physically," he said, "are you comfortable?"

"No, not really."

"And emotionally?"

"Not scared, but I feel exposed."

He kissed my ass, using his tongue along my cheeks. My snatch twitched in anticipation. But he stood up. I heard fabric shifting behind me and his movements, but I didn't look. When he came into my field of vision, he was wearing sweatpants.

"Stay there," he said. "Don't move."

"Where are you going?"

"You don't get to ask questions. You get to wait."

And he left me there, butt up, bedroom door open behind me. I wasn't scared, but I should have been. My ass tingled. Was he getting something to spank me with? Some rough tether? Cuffs? Hooks? Yes, I thought I should be terrified, but all I could think about was how much I wanted him to come back and f**k the living shit out of me.

I heard clicks and steps from downstairs, then nothing.

Your ass is out to a psychopath.

You don't know that. He could have been in the institution for anything.

At sixteen? Drugs. Suicide. Depression.

Violence?

I heard him on the creaky wood stairs, then his feet padding down the hall, then I smelled his sawdust scent.

"Very good." His voice was close behind me. "When I tell you to go upstairs and be ready, this is what I mean, okay?"

"Yes, sir."

"How was it? Waiting?"

"Not my favorite. But also kind of good because I just stewed, wondering what you were going to do to me."

He stroked my ass, letting his fingertips brush the crack, inside the cleft, touching where I was wettest. "It turns me on knowing you're up here doing what I tell you." He put both palms on my cheeks. I felt something in his right hand.

He put his mouth on me, and I groaned when he kissed between my legs. He flicked his tongue over my clit. I bucked a little. I knew I wasn't close, but I felt as though I could come from a warm breeze.

He moved me onto my back. He had a length of brown leather twine in his right hand. It might have made a fringed bag or a shoelace, but long. He looked at me clinically again, as if I were a problem to solve, then he went back to my eyes. "You ready?"

"The anticipation is killing me."

"Me too." He took my left wrist and placed it against my left knee, then looped a length of leather around them, making a figure eight, binding them together. "Too tight?"

"No."

He knotted it off, then picked up my back while he ran the rest of the spool under me. He pulled, playing with the length until my tied knee and wrist were splayed. "I want to say," he said as he placed my right wrist and right knee together, "If you say stop, it's good enough for me, but we might want to set a safeword." He spread my legs to get the right length under my back and tied my right side together, letting the rest of the loop drop off the edge of the bed.

"Tangerine," I said.

"Tangerine?"

"I doubt you can keep doing whatever it is you're doing if I say tangerine."

"Fine, wiseass." He leaned over me and kissed my lips so sweetly I wanted to put my arms and legs around him, but I couldn't.

He got off the bed and looked at me. I couldn't close or lower my legs, nor could I move my arms. A trickle of wetness dripped down my crack, and the discomfort of it was exquisite. He bent over and kissed between my br**sts, dragging his tongue across, to my nipple, sucking it gently. "I'm listening," he whispered. "I'm listening to your breathing, your heartbeat. I'm listening to your skin on the sheets. If you need something, just say it. I'm all ears."

"I'll let you know."

"In words." He sucked the other nipple, which was hard and tight. He pressed his lips around it and pulled.

"I'll say, 'Get the f**k off me and untie me, you animal,' but not when you do that. That's good."

"And this?" He kissed down circling my diamond crusted navel and down to my left thigh. He ran his tongue over my snatch to the other thigh.

"That needs a safeword."

He licked my clit with the pointy part of his tongue. "What should it be?" he asked before licking again, then giving it a light suck.

"Oh, God."

"'Oh, God' it is." He got on top of me, his dick just touching my exposed pu**y.

He kissed me. I moved my hips against him, and he shifted away, keeping the head at the entrance to my vagina, waiting. He watched me gasp as he pushed a little. He must have felt the way I closed in around him, as if I'd suck him into me.

"Please," I said. "Please f**k me. Sir, please."

He slid his c**k inside me so slowly it felt ten feet long. Inch by inch, skin to skin, soft against slick, until he hit the end, and he pressed against me, rocking while my clit exploded. Then he pulled out just as slowly, and the feeling was devastating sharp in the pleasure of its loss. The heightened torment continued as he slid in again, and I couldn't grab him or move. All the other stuff was dress rehearsal for the control he took as he tortured me with the measured, unhurried thrusts and slow rocks of him against my clit.

"Jonathan, Jonathan, Jonathan...." I forgot to call him sir or anything else but his name.

He sped up, dropping onto me, a splayed thing, open, bound, servile, utterly compliant mass of nerve endings and clutching, wet flesh. His movements turned to pounding, slamming f**king that brought me close enough to cry out.

He slowed, straightening his arms above me and changing the rotation so I felt his cock, but not enough to stimulate me to orgasm.

"No," I said in a voice so desperate I was shocked to hear it.

"Easy, Monica."

"Jesus."

"You're mine. Your orgasms are mine. Your pleasure is mine to give."

I wanted to rail at him. I wanted to demand it. But not only would that not get me what I wanted, it wasn't how I wanted it to go down. I wanted to be fully compliant. "Yes, sir." Saying it calmed me.

"Breathe slowly."

I did as I was told.

He moved against me, gradually, as before. "Look at me."

I did, seeing the sweat on his brow and the pleasure in his face. That pleasure brought me the greatest satisfaction. I had done that. I gave him what he was giving me.

As if sensing my thoughts, he leaned down and kissed me. "Will you come for me?" he asked, his voice low and growling.

"Yes, it's yours."

"Mine," he whispered.

He f**ked me in earnest, then. He f**ked me like he meant it, roughly, hitting the right places as if it was what he did to get himself off. My br**sts bounced with the motion. My cunt was a pulsing strip of flesh under him, a swath of need. Then, like a rush from a firehose, I came, ass and pu**y clenching over and over as I screamed and released it all. He kept going, hovering over me, thrusting, and the release continued to the point where pleasure met pain, and I came again, pushing my hips into him as he opened his mouth and grunted hard, then moaned. He slowed, rotating again, then dropped on me with a heaving chest and hot breaths on my neck.

He reached behind with his left hand and untied my right wrist and knee. They separated with a cramp. Sitting up, he untied the other side. I rubbed my wrists.

"So?" he asked.

"So, a needle pulling thread. You've ruined me."

He brushed the hair off my face, and I did what I'd been wanting to do. I put my arms and legs around him.

CHAPTER 25

I awoke slowly to a few sensations: the light of the sun cutting past my eyelids, my sore pu**y, and Jonathan's fingertips stroking my hand as it rested on his chest. When I opened my eyes, he was looking at me.

"Good morning."

I grumbled and shifted closer to him.

"Are you working today?" he asked.

"Lunch shift." I spread my hand out on his chest, pushing it forward, brushing the hairs between my fingers. "Then I have to go to Frontage and see if we can work something out. I don't want to gig there without Gabby, but I don't want to be stupid."

He pulled me on top of him. "There's nothing stupid about you."

I kissed him, and that kiss got deeper and more urgent. My sore snatch twitched when I felt him harden. He ran his hands all over me, then over my arms which he guided to the headboard, until I was stretched over him.

"Oh, Jonathan. I'm so sore."

"Is that a no?"

"Just be gentle."

He guided himself into me, and it hurt, but with the most delicious pain. I used the headboard to leverage myself, and Jonathan guided my hips and then rotated his finger on my clit until I gave him a sweet orgasm that felt more like a long breeze than a tornado.

With his face beneath me, falling apart under his own pleasure, I knew something for sure, and I whispered it to myself as he came. I love you, I love you, I love you.

CHAPTER 26

My clothes had been washed again and were waiting for me when I got out of the shower. Living on a hill in a crap neighborhood my whole life, I'd never had industrial-strength water pressure, and it seemed a good water heater was pretty important if you wanted a nice skin-scalding shower. I got into my clothes, and feeling so refreshed, I almost skipped down the stairs, where I saw Ally Mira sweeping the corners.

"Hi," I said.

"Good morning." Her English was accented, but didn't seem too bad.

"Did you wash my clothes?"

"Mister Drazen left them for me. I get up early and do it."

"Thank you. It's very kind of you."

"You're welcome. I have tea for you in the sitting room."

"The what?"

She leaned her broom against the wall and motioned for me to follow her. We went downstairs, into the living room and through an arch I hadn't noticed before, past a short foyer, and into an enclosed porch on the side of the house overlooking a flower garden. A silver tea tray sat on the low table. I could hear Jonathan talking on the phone in another room I couldn't identify. Ally Mira indicated the couch.

I sat down. "Thanks." I picked up the teapot to let her know I'd do the pouring.

She nodded, smiled, and slipped out. I realized Jonathan's voice was coming through the wood sliding doors on the side of the room. The sound of the morning birds was deafening, and though it was a lovely white noise to distract me from Jonathan's phone call, his voice cut through. He did not seem happy. I tried to tell myself I wasn't eavesdropping, but when I heard her name, I stopped pretending I wasn't listening and made an effort to shut out the sound of the bird's chirping.

"Jess," he said, "this is you being afraid of being alone." Pause. "No, you don't. That's right. I'm telling you how you feel."

There was a longer pause, during which I sipped my tea and hoped the conversation ended soon, but Jonathan's voice got stronger.

"Don't you dare." Pause. "Jessica, let me be clear. If you do anything like that, I will destroy you. I. Will. Destroy. You."

That voice. It was the sawdust and leather voice, the voice that got me to unquestioningly spread my legs or bend at the waist. I'd never heard him use it outside of a sexual context. His voice got too low to hear after that, then the doors slid open.

He walked in looking as if a blanket of sadness had been thrown over him and tied at the neck. "You're up," he said.

"There's tea left if you want some."

He stepped forward until he was standing over me. "How much of that did you hear?"

"I know who it was but not what it was about."

He paused, then kneeled in front of me between the couch and the table. I put my hand to his cheek and leaned forward. His eyes shone a troubled green, and his mouth set itself in a line.

"Jonathan, what's wrong?"

"I won't let anyone come between us. I want you to know that."

"She won't if you don't let her."

"If she says anything to you, you need to come to me with it right away. Do you understand?"

"What happened, Jonathan?"

"Just say you'll call me."

"I don't understand." I held his face in my hands, stroking his cheeks with my thumbs.

"Wherever I am in the world, before you think you know anything, you make sure you call me. Say you will." He wasn't using his domineering voice, but the voice of a man who needed, desperately to be soothed.

"I will."

He rubbed his palms along the tops of my thighs and up around my waist. He laid his head on my lap and said nothing as I stroked his hair and hummed a melody that reminded me of the cadences of his voice.

We sat like that, me on the couch, humming, and him on his knees before me, long after my tea became cold and the morning birds silenced themselves for the day.

