Chapter One

Thomas Jones parked in the last spot within spitting distance of the Ruby Tuesday's, leaned back in the driver's seat of his rental truck, and closed his eyes. It didn't help his headache. His secretary was always chirping something about finding his happy place when the irritation started to build up around his eyes in tight, pinching lines and his jaw felt like a lump of iron. So what would make him happy right now? White sand, blue ocean, hot sun, cool shot of Jameson.

Perfect.

Except he wasn't really there, and he wasn't really happy. Not even close to happy. Miserable was more his neighborhood right now, right between Bitter Avenue and this dry, dusty Vegas parking lot outside a restaurant where, in five minutes, he'd have the most important meeting of his life.

He hated Vegas. He hated coming back to Vegas for the sixth time in as many months. He'd volunteered for the company business trips when his sister lived in this godforsaken city. But now Erica was married to his best friend and living in base housing out in California, while Thomas was still stuck traveling to a town full of cheap booze, loose women, and the stench of disappointment.

His entire career rested on this meeting, Brianna Faulk, and a contract with the Golden Hand Casino. If he didn't convince Ms. Faulk to trust his company with her casino's marketing budget and brand image, he could kiss his elegant corner office and corporate expense account good-bye.

He needed to set up shop in Vegas and win Brianna Faulk or his career would reverse from rising star to burnout in a matter of seconds. He'd never met the woman, but so far she'd proven a little too elusive. A little too unwilling to commit, when she was the foothold his company needed to branch into the Vegas market. That was where Thomas came in.

He stepped out of the truck, straightened his suit, and headed down the crowded sidewalk toward the restaurant. A blond woman fell into step beside him, mumbling under her breath and swiping at her phone screen as if she had some personal grudge against it. Something about the way she walked and mumbled at the same time caught his attention-as did the fact that if she wasn't careful, she'd walk right into the newspaper box in front of her.

He opened his mouth to tell her to watch out, but then shook his head. It wasn't his business if she didn't know how to walk properly. Surely she would look up and see the box before she fell into the street and got run over...right? Yet as they walked, she didn't look up even once. Finally, when they were within a foot of the box, he cursed inwardly and reached for her arm to stop her from crashing. Unfortunately for him, she swerved right when he reached left for her, and they both stumbled backward.

He caught her in his arms, her ample br**sts squashed against his chest. She clung to his arms, looking up at him in surprise with pink-tinged cheeks. Her red, lush mouth rounded out in a perfect o, and she looked up at him with a mixture of embarrassment and frustration. When their eyes met, they both froze, their breath held. She was even more stunning up close and personal.

The dark, severe suit she wore said razor-edged businesswoman, but there was a softness and sensuality to her the suit couldn't hide. She was a 1950s pin-up girl, from the bedroom eyes to the supple, luxuriant swell of her hips. He wondered how often she'd fluttered those long lashes to get her way or flashed a hint of ample cle**age to keep a man off-guard.

He couldn't help but be thankful he would never see her again. She had danger stamped across her forehead.

She wriggled in his arms, her cheeks turning even redder, and her iPhone crashed to the sidewalk. The crack of plastic hitting sidewalk broke the spell that seemed to have them both immobilized. He let go of her, and she cursed under her breath. Bending to grab her phone, she looked up at him from the ground, her brow furrowed. "You should really watch where you're going. You could have knocked me over."

He raised a brow, rocking back on his heels. The woman had sass. She ran him down, then yelled at him for it? "I was watching where I walked, but you weren't. I was trying to catch you."

"What?" She stood up and looked at him as if he were the one with his head in the clouds. "I wasn't going to fall. I knew where I was the whole time."

"Obviously," he said, a smile tugging at his lips. Her frustration with him amused him for some reason. "All right. Lesson learned. Next time I see a woman about to fall and bounce into a busy road, I'll let her go."

She flushed. "No. Of course not. It was nice of you to try to catch me." She darted a quick look up at him, then ducked her head. "Uh, thanks."

He grinned. She seemed like she didn't really want to say it but thought she should anyway. "Don't mention it."

She gestured toward the restaurant. "Well, I have to go."

"Okay." His grin widened. "Watch out for obstacles in your way."

She rolled her eyes. Actually rolled her eyes. "Yeah. Thanks. I'll watch for the killer newsstands from now on."

She hurried off, and Thomas stood there watching her leave. Her hips swayed with as much attitude and sass as she showed him, and he couldn't tear his eyes away from her. He didn't look away or move until she rounded the corner and he couldn't see her anymore.

Then and only then did he shake off the odd encounter and walk the rest of the distance to the restaurant. With a sigh, he ducked into the restaurant's shaded coolness. A hostess approached with a stack of menus and an overly perky smile. "Two, sir?"

He scanned the dining room behind the hostess, trying to guess which woman could be Brianna. There were too many women sitting alone for him to make a guess. "I have a reservation for a four o'clock meeting with-"

"Oh, with Brianna Faulk? She's already here."

Why did women always finish men's sentences? Did they think men couldn't complete a thought without their help? He pasted a smile on. Some days he smiled so much his face hurt. And not once did he ever mean it. He'd never really intended to be good at marketing, but when his ex-wife had started sleeping around on him...

It was something to do, at least. Something to throw himself into so he wouldn't track down one of Nicole's many lovers and put him in the hospital. "Yes, that would be her."

"Follow me." Still smiling with a little too much come and get me, big boy for Thomas's tastes, the hostess led him through the central dining area to more private seating in the rear. She nodded to a corner booth. "Your party's waiting for you there. A waitress will be with you shortly."

"Thank you," he murmured and brushed past her. "Ms. Faulk?"

Ms. Faulk had her back turned, and all he could make out was her shoulder-length blond hair and the crisply tailored seams of a business suit. An awfully familiar suit. His scalp tingled, and he faltered a little bit. It couldn't be...

Ms. Faulk stood and turned to face him. Yep, it was her. When she set eyes on him, her smile faded away. "You?"

Thomas shifted on his feet. "Me."

She recovered quickly and smiled. Cool and reserved. Nothing like the little spitfire who yelled at him for daring to catch her. Truth be told, he liked the spitfire version of her better than the business-savvy one. "Well allow me to introduce myself properly. I'm Brianna Faulk, Executive Business Manager of the Golden Hand Casino."

He offered his hand with a polite, practiced smile. She wanted to keep it professional, then? For some reason he didn't want to. Even though he should. "I'm Thomas Jones, from MotoTek. Marketing executive by day. Rescuer of women by night."

He felt foolish even saying that. Thomas Jones in Vegas? He sounded like a stupid impersonator or something. He half expected her to make some snarky comment asking him if he was going to sing for her or not. But she kept her calm, professional facade going.

"Ah. Yes. Of course." She shook his hand, her skin soft, her grip firm. Her face turned a little bit red, and she bit her lower lip. He couldn't help but wonder if she was trying to bite back a smart-ass reply. "Even when they didn't need rescuing?"

Ah. Yes. She was.

"Even then." He waited cordially for her to resume her seat before he slid onto the padded vinyl cushioning opposite her. His briefcase thudded to the floor. He smoothed his tie. "It's a pleasure to meet you formally."

"The pleasure's mine." The way her lips rolled over pleasure drew his attention to her mouth, a sweetly red temptation painted in burgundy shades. His gaze fell to the table and he tried to banish from his mind the way she'd felt in his arms. It didn't work.

He caught her watching him, her hazel eyes unreadable, intense. He met her gaze unwaveringly. With a cool arch of her brow and an amused smile, she shook her head subtly and picked up her menu. After a moment, he followed suit.

He cleared his throat. He needed to shake this undeniable attraction to her and get his head back into work. "Shall we order before we get down to business?"

"That would be fine with me," she said. But she didn't look down at her menu. She kept her eyes on him. She laughed, but it sounded forced. "I have to admit it. This is all very awkward."

He closed his menu and arched a brow at her. Was she as unsettled by him as he was by her? "Why is that?"

"I yelled at you on the street," she said, her cheeks pink. "It's not how I normally start my business meetings."

"Ah." He gestured between them. "Well, maybe that will give us an advantage?"

She gaped at him. "How so?"

"The ice is already broken. Now you can yell at me all you want and I won't be surprised in the slightest."

She opened her mouth and then closed it. "Do you often get yelled at in business meetings, Mr. Jones?"

"All the time. I'm insufferable, but you'll come to see that by the end of lunch." He smiled at her, but it wasn't because he wanted to this time. This time, it was the marketing exec inside of him creeping out.

She cleared her throat and averted her eyes. He'd made her uncomfortable. "Have you ever been to Vegas before, Mr. Jones?"

"Please. I think we're already on a first-name basis, don't you?" He tugged at his tie. Why was the thing so damn tight? "Call me Thomas."

She inclined her head. "Then you must call me Brianna."

"Hello." The waitress pulled out her pad. "Can I get you something to drink?"

Thomas motioned toward Brianna. "Ladies first."

"Uh." Brianna's cheeks flushed. "I'll have a diet, please."

"Scotch, no rocks," Thomas murmured. His gaze lingered on the flutter of her pulse against that soft hollow where the chain rested. "Are you ready to order, too?"

Brianna nodded and handed the menu to the waitress. "House salad with fat free Italian dressing, please."

Thomas raised a brow. Why did women insist on eating puny salads all the time? "I'll have a bacon cheeseburger with fries. Medium well."

The waitress walked away, leaving the two of them alone. Thomas leaned back in the booth and laced his fingers over his stomach. When Brianna's gaze wandered downward, lingering over his abs, he fought back a grin. At least he wasn't the only distracted party at this meeting.

Brianna tucked her hair behind her ear, and he checked her ring finger for a wedding band. It was bare but there was the slightest bit of a tan line where one might have once been. Interesting.

She tapped her fingers on the table. "You never answered my question."

He racked his brain for what their last topic of conversation had been, but he came up blank. "Repeat it, please?"

"Have you been in Vegas before?"

"Oh. Yes, a lot." When she continued to look at him expectantly, he continued on. "I have been here numerous times for MotoTek, which is one of the reasons we are setting up a satellite office here. Also, my sister used to live here."

He had no idea why he added that last bit. What did she care if his sister used to live in Vegas? Idiot.

She smiled at him. "So then you don't need any pointers on where you should go for a good time tonight?"

He nearly choked, his mind conjuring up images of her showing him a good time. Somehow, he didn't think that rolling around in his bed naked was what she was suggesting. Once he gathered his senses, he caught her gaze. "Were you offering to accompany me?"

"N-No," she stammered. "I was going to suggest a few hotspots."

"Pity. I would've loved to have you by my side tonight. I could've kept an eye on you to make sure you were watching where you were going."

She bared her teeth in a feral grin. "I assure you I don't need male supervision to walk."

"Nonetheless, I'd like to be at your side tonight." He leaned in, smiling at her. Her eyes went wide and she drew in a deep breath. He knew how to read people. It was his job to read people. And right now? He saw a woman who was interested in him. "What do you say, Brianna?"

She pursed her lips and narrowed her eyes at him. "Are you hitting on me, Mr. Jones?"

"Thomas," he corrected. "And what if I am?"

"Then I'd have to tell you to stop," she said, her eyes flashing. "We're here for business, not pleasure."

He wagged a finger. "Ah, but you said it yourself. We met before this, so it's different."

"You're right. You are insufferable." She gave him a dirty look, but it was all for show. He could tell she was enjoying every second of their sparring as much as he was. "Can I look over your proposal while we wait for lunch?"

"Of course," he said, his voice rich and deep.

She shifted in her seat, uncrossing her legs and then re-crossing them. "Thank you."

He sat up straight and took out his proposal, handing her a copy and keeping one for himself to take notes on. She pulled a pair of reading glasses out of her purse and studied the document for a few minutes. He sat back in silence and allowed her the time she needed to read over the form. Truth be told, he took advantage of the opportunity to watch her.

And he liked what he saw. Perhaps too much. When was the last time he was so inescapably attracted to a woman? It had to have been before Nicole. Before he decided matters of the heart were better off being left out of his life.

He had married Nicole at a young age. When he'd been stupid enough to believe that happily ever after could exist outside of fairy tales. She had taken his heart and stomped it into the mud. Man after man had traipsed into her bedroom and he'd been powerless to stop it. Too weak to walk away...too eager to give her another chance.

It hadn't been until she accused his best friend of accosting her that he'd snapped. Unfortunately, his transformation had come too late. He'd already lost the only person who had stuck by his side. Thomas would never forget the look in Jeremy's eyes when he accused him of something so vile he couldn't even comprehend it. And even worse? He'd broken his sister's heart in the process. She had loved Jeremy-up until Thomas sent him running with his accusations.

"How long have you worked for MotoTek, Thomas?" Brianna looked up at him, her eyes focused and clear. Her voice ripped him from the past and he focused on her with no small amount of gratitude. Once he started reminiscing on his f**ked-up past, it could be hard to shove the memories to the back of his mind under lock and key where they belonged.

But today he had a job to do. He leaned forward and folded his arms on the table, holding eye contact. That was one reason why people never told him no: eye contact. It made them uncomfortable, left them on the spot. They didn't think straight, and then he had them. Backed into a corner like prey. It was why he was so good at what he did. Underneath the slick smile and the polished shoes, it was the hunt that lured him.

And Brianna Faulk was offering more than one kind of chase, whether she knew it or not.

"Six years."

She nodded and nibbled on the tip of her pen. His eyes ate in every detail of her pretty little mouth-from the red lips to the little peeks of white teeth he got. If he looked hard enough, he might see the tip of her tongue...

"And your position is...?"

Wherever you want me. He cleared his throat and pulled his mind from the gutter. What the hell was wrong with him today? "Head Marketing Executive."

She crossed her legs and pursed her lips. "Tell me what you envision for my company, Thomas."

"Of course." He smiled and opened his copy of the proposal. "I know the Vegas market fairly well. I travel here regularly for MotoTek, and as I mentioned, my sister used to live here, as well. I know your customer base. I am your customer base. And I know you aren't targeting me properly."

"Really?" she said dryly. "What should I be targeting, then?"

"Exhaustion."

She blinked. "What?"

"Exhaustion, Brianna. Every time I come in on that red-eye flight, I'm exhausted, and all I want is the closest place to put my feet up and have a drink. Every time I'm waiting to catch a flight, I'm bored out of my mind and looking for somewhere to kill time. You have a casino and hotel with a valid liquor license less than a block from the airport's east parking lot. And I can't for the life of me figure out why it's the casino you're advertising."

Her brows knit. "Because it's the casino that makes money. The lounge and hotel have ridiculous overhead."

"Doesn't matter. They're what you sell."

She leaned back in her seat and studied him flatly. "Do you have even the slightest idea how profit margins work?"

He forced a smile. She didn't believe his reasoning yet, but she would by the time he finished his burger. "I understand profit margins. What you don't understand is bait and switch."

She parted her lips to snap a retort at him but the waitress arrived with their drinks. Thomas lingered over a sip of his drink and gave Brianna a moment to compose herself. She was still flushed. He was fairly sure it was anger, but he hoped, perhaps, that glimmer in her eyes was enjoyment.

Maybe she liked the challenge, too.

He set his drink down and licked away the burn of scotch. "I'll be frank with you. Las Vegas casinos are a dime a dozen, and unless you're the Bellagio, you'll fail if you try to market yourself as a casino. You need to market what tired airline travelers want: a room to sleep in, a place within walking distance with food that doesn't taste like airport fare, and a bar with the best cocktails this side of the runway. Position the restaurant with a terrace view of the casino floor, put slots in the bar, and you'll have them hook, line, and sinker. I wouldn't be surprised if people start missing their flights."

She stared at him, looking rather taken aback-and that was when he knew he had her. Most people were never objective enough about their own businesses to really see the marketable factors or how to position themselves based on their location. That was Thomas's job. Come in, work the numbers, come up with the ideas, and help them start making some money.

Brianna frowned. "You're forgetting one thing. The layout of the Golden Hand Casino isn't conducive to what you're suggesting."

His respect for her inched up a notch. Though she'd been skeptical at first, she was open-minded enough to consider his suggestions. If only all clients were so forthcoming. "That's where MotoTek and our investment capital come in. Not to mention a complete remodeling to upgrade your brand image to something a little more recent than 1972. I've already got a full floor plan worked out. It will be a complete revamp."

She set her glasses down on the table and pursed her lips. "Like with Fremont Street. There's been a lot of attention there over the past few years with the remodeling."

Thomas nodded. "Exactly."

"And you think you can pull it off?" She eyed him over her soda, her gaze calculating.

He leaned in, capturing her attention and refusing to let go. Something in her eyes sparkled, sending a fist of desire to his gut. "I have not a doubt in the world. When I'm finished with you, you'll walk away completely satisfied."

She choked on her soda and cleared her throat. "Wow. Okay then. Confident much?"

He smiled at her, and for once it didn't feel fake. "I'm nothing if not confident of my abilities."

"I see that." She looked at him, her eyes hot and burning into his, and gave a firm nod. "I'll go over the proposal and present it to my board of investors."

Thomas smiled. "If you have any questions, you can call me on my cell. It's on the last page."

The waitress came with their food and Thomas took the free moment to watch Brianna. She moved with a sure grace that told him more than any resume could-she was confident and assured of her place in the world. He liked that about her.

And he wanted to know more.

They ate in companionable silence, and Thomas watched her from the corner of his eye. The whole time they ate, he plotted a way to get her to agree to see him again. When he'd held her in his arms on the sidewalk, she had piqued his interest with her spitfire attitude. Now that he had gotten to see the other side of Brianna...he couldn't help but wonder what else lay hidden beneath her false calm exterior. And he wanted to find out.

Though he had generally avoided dating anyone over the past few years, he couldn't help but want to break his "no business entanglements" rule. Going on a date with her would be a huge mistake. It would be sloppy. Stupid. And yet...he couldn't resist. He might be happily single-but he wasn't blind, deaf, or stupid. She was a one-of-a-kind woman, and he had no intention of letting her slip through his fingers untouched.

When he finished eating, he wiped his hands on a cloth napkin and sat back. "On second thought," he said slowly, "I'd like to have some recommendations for a fun night out. Something to pass the time."

She blinked at him and then reached into her purse for a pen and a business card. After jotting down a few notes, she handed it to him with a smile. "Here you go. Any of these should be fun."

He took the paper from her, purposely brushing his fingers against hers in the process. She met his eyes at the touch and licked her lips. He held her gaze and didn't even look at the list she made. "Which one would you go to?"

"Me?" She picked up her soda and took a long sip, looking away from him. "Well, I guess I'd do the show at the Mirage. It's supposed to be excellent."

"Great." He shoved her note into his pocket. "I'll pick you up at seven at the casino. While I'm there, you can give me a tour of the building."

Her eyes widened. "I can't go out with you."

"Why not?" He rubbed his jaw and cast a look at her left hand. "I don't see a ring on your finger. Are you seeing someone?"

She opened her mouth and closed it. "N-No. But I can't just-"

"Great. It's settled, then. I'll see you at seven."

She frowned. "I must decline."

He met her eyes. "I must insist. I really would like to report back to my boss with some inside information on how the casino works. You could show me tonight when I come to pick you up."

"Okay," she said, her forehead wrinkled. "I can take you on a tour. But no show afterward. It's not necessary for our business relationship for us to go on a date."

He leaned forward and caught her hand, brushing his fingers across her knuckles. When she shivered, a wave of satisfaction mingled with a jolt of need. She wasn't as unaffected by him as she pretended.

"I didn't say it had anything to do with business, Brianna." He pulled her hand closer, leaning over it to kiss her fingers. "I simply wish to get to know you better."

"Well..." She swallowed hard. "We shouldn't."

"What will I do with my time here if you don't go out with me?"

She gave him an inscrutable look, her hands clenched tight. "Take up a hobby. Go sightseeing. Get a cat," she said tartly. "I don't care what you do on your own time, Thomas."

"My hotel doesn't allow pets." He idly fingered the corner of the presentation folder. "It's one date. What do you have to lose?"

"What do I have to gain?"

He pressed a hand to his heart. "Ouch. That hurts."

She snorted. "I doubt that."

"Say yes anyway, out of guilt." He bit back a grin. He could taste the victory on the tip of his tongue. "It's the least you can do after I saved your life earlier."

"You're right. The guilt is overwhelming me," she said sarcastically. But in her eyes, he saw the spark of amusement. She might be pretending to be annoyed, but she was having fun.

And miraculously, so was he.

"Come on. Give me one good reason why we can't enjoy each other's company for the evening? You can show me Vegas through the eyes of a local. Give me better insight into how I could market the Golden Hand."

She chuckled. "Going for the business approach now that the date suggestion failed?"

He steepled his fingers under his chin. That's exactly what he was doing. "Yep."

She met his eyes and sighed. "Okay-but it's not a date."

He stood up and grabbed his briefcase, biting back a smile. It was absolutely a date. "I'll pick you up at seven for our date."

"You're insufferable," she said, a grin tipping up the corner of her mouth.

"Can't say I didn't warn you. And here's another warning." He leaned across the table, his body brushing against her as he did so. She tensed and held her breath. He stopped at eye level with her-his face an inch from hers. "I go after what I want-and I want you."

"Oh?" she asked breathlessly. "Do I get a say in this matter?"

"Yes. You can tell me all about it tonight." He grinned and stood up straight, the check in his hand. "See you later, Brianna."

Brianna nodded and smoothed her hair. "For our meeting."

"And our date," he called over his shoulder.

Chapter Two

Brianna leaned back in her desk chair with a sigh and rubbed her eyes. The financial projections on her screen looked grim. She hated that Thomas was right. But most of all, she hated that even now, Thomas Jones wouldn't stop creeping into her thoughts.

Obnoxiously persistent even when he wasn't here. Typical.

Why was he so insistent on taking her out tonight? Men like him normally didn't give her a second glance; they were more interested in Bambi on the pole than Brianna behind the desk. He looked like he'd been a football player in high school. Some kind of jock. Just the type who would have scorned her back then, as the fat, ugly girl everyone shot spitballs at.

Just the type who should scorn her now.

She'd spent too many adolescent nights crying herself to sleep to entirely trust his motives. A football player had played nice with her once. Pretended to like her, invited her to Homecoming, then pulled a Carrie on her and left her at the mercy of the entire cheerleading squad. They'd used glue in the spitballs, that time. Shampoo hadn't worked. Nothing had worked. She'd had to shave her head, endure the cue-ball taunts, and tell her mother she was going through a punk phase.

If her mother had known the real reason, she'd have fainted in a dead heap on the floor-and probably pulled her out of school faster than it would take Brianna to get the smelling salts and revive Scarlett from the vapors. Her mother had idly mentioned home schooling once. With a choice between torture or her mother's idea of teaching, she'd chosen the torture.

She shook her head and glared at the screen. Enough with the maudlin thoughts. She had a company to run, and she wasn't that chubby insecure little girl anymore-but she was realistic. There had to be another reason he was interested in her...but what? Did he hope to charm her into accepting his account?

That had to be it.

With a sigh, she checked the time. Five more minutes and she could clock out and head downstairs. She wasn't sure if she should even bother freshening up. Since she'd come back from the lunch meeting with Thomas, she'd been putting out fires left and right. A customer had been caught counting cards. Another had passed out across the table, very close to a severe case of alcohol poisoning, and when a waitress had checked his pulse he'd woken up and claimed sexual harassment.

A fairly typical day on the job, and she was a mess. Exhausted. Irritable. Bleary-eyed. She was pretty sure she had mascara on her lips, and she was too tired to care.

Yet five minutes later, she somehow found herself in the employee bathroom looking at her frazzled reflection in the mirror. Hopeless. It would take more than a little foundation to fix this, more like a tub of spackle. She hadn't thought to bring anything with her but her business suit, but maybe that was for the best. She didn't want to look available. She didn't want to look desperate, and give him reason to think she could be wooed into acceptance.

But she didn't want to look like death warmed over, either.

She washed her face with a damp paper towel and re-applied her makeup, slicking her lips with a sheen of cherry red. The tired blond waves of her hair were beyond recovery. She frowned, held her hair up off her neck, then twisted it up into a messy bun, fiddled a few pencils from her purse, and used them to pin her hair into place. It left her with a tumbled spray that looked as if she'd deliberately left it this messy, falling artfully into her face and wisping out from the bun. It would have to do.

Her reflection looked back at her with lips pinched in disapproval. What was she doing? It had been years since she'd tried to look good for a date...or for a man. Part of her had died with Michael. The part that made her feel like a woman. She wasn't sure what was looking back at her from the mirror with wide, worried eyes: a woman or an androgynous business professional.

She shrugged out of her jacket, tossed it onto her desk chair, and flicked open the top two buttons of her blouse. A woman. Tonight she would be a woman, and even if she wasn't really dressed for a date, at least she looked a little less uptight.

Though she wouldn't let him past her defenses.

He had an agenda and she was part of it. This was simply another kind of business. Men like him knew how to schmooze, and thought their abs, shoulders, and cocks were just more bargaining chips on the boardroom table. He'd try to bag her and the deal all in one.

She squared her shoulders and slipped out through the casino and to the door. The hot Vegas evening opened before her like a sweltering, wet mouth. She perched her sunglasses on her nose. A few feet ahead, a man stood with his back to her, motionless beneath the shadow of the walkway's overhang. Even from the back, she recognized him. The way he carried himself was distinctive. Underneath that practiced slickness was a certain grave, quiet authority and a brooding restlessness that spoke louder than the glib spiel he'd trotted out over lunch.

His white dress shirt clung to his back and biceps. She wondered if he'd done that on purpose. Dazzled her. Taunted her with the hard lines of his body. Made her want him until she wasn't thinking about anything else.

If he thought she'd stammer and drool her way through dinner, he had another thing coming.

She lifted her chin and strode forward. She would get through this evening with dignity. "Thomas."

He tensed, then turned. "Brianna."

His gaze roamed her body, darkening with each moment, heated. When his eyes met hers again, the molten intensity there stole her voice and ran titillating fingers down her spine. He had this down to an art form, didn't he? Slick.

"You look lovely," he said.

"I'm wearing the exact same thing I had on at lunch."

"A little less of it, actually." He smiled, but something about it caught her. It wasn't a real smile. It was too smooth, too practiced.

She tilted her head, studying him. He was smiling because it was appropriate at the moment, she thought. Not because he meant it.

He raked another look over her. "But if you're that worried, we can swing by your place-"

"No." Her heart seized. She forcibly lowered her voice and took a slow breath. "I mean, no. I'm fine, really. There's no need."

His brows rose with a subtly mocking tilt. "I'm not a serial killer. You can show me your house without fearing I'll come back and kill you in your sleep."

"I'm sure Ted Bundy said the same." No way he was getting inside her house.

"I don't think Ted Bundy would be able to bring himself to ruin your beauty."

Oh, God. Was it going to be one of those nights? Brianna sighed. "That is the worst line I've ever heard."

"Then you haven't heard the rest of my repertoire." This time his small, withdrawn smile was a touch more genuine. "But it got you to relax a little bit."

She couldn't stop her laugh. "Yes, it did." She glanced at the door of the casino. "If you'll come inside, I can give you the tour."

"No need. I checked out the layout earlier. A little mystery shopping just to get the lay of the battlefield."

"I didn't even see you. When did you-?"

He caught her chin in his fingers and tipped her face up to his. Her voice shriveled in her throat. His eyes glittered in the descending red-gold twilight. "I told you when I want something, I'll go after it. I want this account. And I want you."

She swallowed. Her throat was as dry as the desert. "You can't have us both."

"We shall see."

He truly was insufferable. And irresistible. And insufferable. She took a step back from him, wresting from his grip. He wasn't really after her because he wanted her. He was using her-and she needed to remember that. "Yes, we shall. But you should know I'm onto your games. You can't seduce me into a contract."

His eyes flashed. He stepped closer so quickly that she stumbled away from him. Her back hit the wall of the walkway. His hands rose to brace himself against the brick on either side of her head, trapping her. Trapping her with his tall, hard body hovering close, radiating a heat so palpable it caressed her, wrapped around her heart, squeezed it tight. She caught the scent of his aftershave and something deeper, clean and bright as ocean air.

"Make no mistake." His voice was low, dark, vividly intense, each word like a smooth velvet touch. "I don't seduce potential clients to get the yes. I get the yes because I'm damned good at my job. What we're doing here?" His gaze dipped to her mouth. "This thing between us has nothing to do with the contract. Nothing at all."

She flattened herself against the wall and fought to get her breathing under control. She couldn't look weak in front of him. Couldn't look vulnerable. "I'd love to know your agenda, then."

"Explain why I have to have an agenda to ask you out on a date."

"Because I'm not exactly your type."

He raised a brow. Cool and in complete control outwardly, but in his eyes she saw frustration. "I have a type, now?"

"A big ex-football player like you?" She tilted her chin up, glowering at him.

She thought to challenge him, but instead of offering a verbal response he dipped his head. His breath skimmed over her cheek, and she caught a sound in her throat. He was burning her and he never even touched her. The slightest brush of stubble set her skin on fire. His lips drew close to her ear. Close enough that she felt the two syllables he whispered: "Soccer."

"Wh-What?"

"I was a soccer player. And I dated whomever the hell I wanted."

Brianna closed her eyes. Her stomach was a riot, her body tingling. She had the feeling Thomas Jones did what he wanted rather often. She couldn't let him think he could do whatever he wanted with her.

But then his fingertips grazed her cheek. Their tips were rough, the fingers of a man who used his hands for more than clicking next on a PowerPoint presentation-but their touch was gentle. Almost tender. Coaxing her to open her eyes and look at him.

His gaze captured hers. So dark-dark as a night she could lose herself in. As a little girl she'd been afraid of moonless nights; the world outside would seem to vanish into a gloomy half world where, if she weren't careful, she'd be swallowed into that shadowed place and never find her way back again.

Thomas's eyes were those moonless nights, and she was terrified he was already pulling her into the dark.

"It's simple," he whispered. "A man and a woman find each other attractive. The fact that we met in the high-stakes corporate pit of a Ruby Tuesday's doesn't matter. There is no agenda. Let it be as simple as it is."

But could it be that straightforward? She'd trusted the simple and apparent truth too many times in her life and had been torn apart by lies every time.

Thomas was no different.

She set her jaw and pressed her hand to his chest, gently pushing him back. "Then let's be perfectly clear," she said. "I find you to be arrogant and obnoxious, and I'm not interested in starting a non-business relationship with you."

"Your words say one thing, but your eyes say another." He smiled. It was a slow smile, slow as molasses, and just as dark. "But I won't argue with you. Let's go."

He withdrew, powerful arms bunching under his shirt as he pushed off the wall and freed her from the paralyzing envelope of his heat. He offered his arm with a sardonic tilt of his head.

"Shall we?"

No, she thought, and slipped her hand into the crook of his elbow anyway. Damn it, he was right. She might be saying no, but her body was saying yes. Very loudly.

"I hope you like Mexican," he said and led her down the walk.

He flagged a cab. As they settled into the back, his gaze burned her. Thomas murmured their destination to the cab driver, but Brianna hardly heard him. She was too busy staring out the window, trying to make sense of her jumbled thoughts.

Nothing good could come of this date. The man had a motive, no matter what he said. He was too persistent. Too focused on her, turning the full force of his admittedly irresistible-and obnoxious, she couldn't forget-allure on her. He wouldn't want anything to do with her if he knew who and what she really was. He didn't know she was a widow, with three kids at home.

Somehow she didn't think that's what he signed on for when he asked her out. If she told him about herself, he would probably run away from her faster than the human eye could see. He would go away and she would be free to go home to her safe house, on her safe couch, watching her favorite television show.

Why, then, did she open her mouth to do exactly that...and close it without another word? She knew what to say. What to do. But she didn't do it-and she had no idea why. After all, the most she could expect out of tonight was a one-night stand, and those always left her feeling cheap and slightly dirty. Like she was compensating for something. She'd never learned to let herself go and just enjoy it, like so many other lucky women did. She always doubted herself, just as she did now.

Because she hadn't the slightest damned clue what he-or she-really wanted.

Chapter Three

Thomas watched Brianna from the corner of his eye. So mistrustful. Admittedly he'd given her no real reason to trust him, but she acted like he was the Big Bad Wolf in Bo Peep's clothing.

He could guess why she thought he'd hurt her. She'd given it away herself when she'd mentioned his "type." He wasn't sure he had a type. He had, once. She was currently living in his old house, sleeping with the yoga trainer who helped her keep her cheerleader body.

Paying for that yoga trainer with Thomas's alimony checks.

He'd needed a new type long before he'd divorced Nicole and the long string of lovers that came with her. He could do worse than Brianna, and one date wasn't the ten-year commitment he'd made before. A commitment that had left him stupidly blinded. Suckered in by a pretty face and reduced to a whimpering dog at her feet.

Never again.

At least with Brianna there was perspective. He wouldn't be in Vegas long enough for her to use those lovely eyes and dangerous curves to seduce him into willingly snapping on his own leash, then dragging himself by it straight to Hell. He'd done that once before. And thanks to Nicole and his own stupidity, he'd destroyed his relationship with his one true friend, and hurt the only woman he truly trusted and loved. That rift was only beginning to heal after seven years. He wasn't repeating the mistakes that had led to it in the first place.

No, tonight he was making an entirely new mistake. A very stupid one.

If they ended up hitting it off and they were happy together, then things would be fabulous. He'd seen office relationships work out splendidly. Stolen lunch dates in the break room. Hot, steamy kisses in the supply closet.

But if she decided she hated him? Well, that was a little bit different. He could just picture it now. The loathing glare she shot at him from across the boardroom table. The hatred in her motions as she slammed her pen down next to the blank contract she no longer wanted to sign because he was a dick. He could be losing everything in this mess. Losing everything because he was thinking with his little head instead of the one on his shoulders.

But he was in the mood to be a little stupid.

He turned his gaze to Brianna. She looked so small right now, her pensive eyes staring out the window, her face unguarded and somehow lost. He doubted she knew how vulnerable she could look when she wasn't acting the part of the businesswoman, and he wondered if she wasn't right: he would end up hurting her without meaning to, over a casual flirtation and the thrill of the chase.

A disquieting feeling settled in the pit of his stomach.

She glanced toward him and caught his eye. Her face closed over. "What?"

"Nothing." He reached across the seat, captured her hand, and stroked his thumb over her fingers.

She tensed and shot him an incredulous look. "What are you doing?"

"Touching you." He raised her hand to his lips and pressed a kiss to her palm. "It's something humans do to express interest in someone. You've heard of humans, I assume."

"I've also heard of slimy snakes."

"I left my snake oil in my briefcase." He darted his tongue out to touch the center of her palm. She gasped as if he'd shocked her. Her eyes were wide, the color of polished amber, translucent and clear.

"D-Don't."

"Are you sure? I'm just proving that I'm a man who is very much interested in you, since you seem so convinced I'm not." He ran his thumb over the soft skin at her wrist. Goosebumps rose on her flesh, and her softly indrawn breath teased him. "Men are fairly simple to understand. We require very little to satisfy our needs. You, on the other hand..."

"What about me?" Her fingers curled loosely against his; her voice trembled.

"You are more complex," he simply said. He wouldn't give her more than that. Let her wonder what he meant.

Her trembling stopped. He glanced up and met her eyes. They were cold, but underneath the frosty surface a snapping fire threatened to break free. She deliberately, precisely extracted her hand from his grip.

"You're playing me," she said flatly.

No, he thought. If anything, she was playing him like a fiddle. Every time she brushed him off, he craved to win her approval. Wanted her to want him so badly it hurt. Had he read the signals wrong? Was she truly not interested in him at all?

"I'm not playing you, Brianna."

She tapped her fingers on her leg. "Where are we going?" she asked, her voice cold.

"Where would you like to go? Would you like me to take you home?" he asked.

Her head snapped toward him. She blinked. Her brows drew together; that fire of fury threatened to break past her shielded gaze. Good. He wanted her to look alive. Wanted the spitfire he'd first met back. She seemed more real when she was angry. More the real woman she kept trying to bury under her polished image.

"Take me home?" she bit off.

"I'm not going to force you to go out with me, Brianna." He dragged his hand through his hair, feeling completely out of place. "I usually read people well. I thought I read a spark of...interest...in your eyes. If I'm wrong about you, then I'll take you home. I don't need to bribe women to go out with me, believe it or not," he said, his voice dry.

He couldn't help adding that last part on. She'd wounded his pride, whether she had meant to or not.

She faltered. "So now you're giving up? Wow. I thought you didn't stop when you wanted something."

"I draw the line at forcing a woman out to dinner," he said. She looked at him as if she wanted to throttle him or kiss him into silence. He wasn't sure which one. "So what is it going to be? Dinner or home?"

"Oh. My. God." She clenched her fists. "You're so annoying."

"It's simple. Either I was right, and you want to go to dinner with me on a date. Or I was wrong, and I take you home. We keep our relationship strictly professional." His heart sped up. He wasn't wrong. He knew it. If he was wrong, she would have jumped at the opportunity to flee his side. Instead, she glowered at him.

"I said I'd go to dinner with you, so I will."

"Nope. Not good enough. Things need to be clear between us. If you go out with me, it's a date." He slid closer to her, tilting her chin back with his thumb. She stared up at him defiantly, refusing to admit she wanted him. Refusing to give in. "Just answer the question, Brianna."

Her chin jutted out with stubborn defiance. "Fine. We're going on the stupid date. Happy?"

He fought back a grin. He didn't like to show his emotions too clearly. Nicole had always mocked him for being transparent. The simple memory wiped away all traces of a smile. "And you're going out with me because...?"

"Because I want to." She gritted her teeth. "Not because I have to for my job."

"Good. Now I can do this without feeling guilty."

He gripped her wrists, dragged her close, and captured her lips. She tensed, twisted, and tugged. If she'd jerked away, if she'd cursed at him, he'd have let her go.

Instead she melted to him with a breathy little moan, her lips parting beneath his.

He groaned and let go of her. Her arms wrapped around his neck and she dragged him closer, arching her supple body into his. She was like fire wrapped in silk, and she opened to him with an almost vicious eagerness.

His tongue darted past her lips to taste her. She was sweet, luscious, her flavor wild and molten. A tight ache of need unfurled inside him-a craving he'd been denying for far too long. She raked her fingers over his shirt, fisted handfuls of the cotton, and pulled him closer. The heated, wet depths of her mouth dragged him into an undertow of fire that threatened to drown him in the untapped wells of passion sleeping under her cold shell.

They nearly ravaged each other, fingers grasping and clutching at clothing, mouths pressed together with a hunger that bordered on madness. Her br**sts heaved against his chest, the twin points of her ni**les pressing into him, taunting him. She was panting, pliant, and he wanted her. Here. Now. Raw and rough in the back of the damned cab if he had to.

The cabbie cleared his throat. The car eased to a halt. With a growl, Thomas tore his lips from hers and looked down at her. The glazed look in her eyes, the wanton need written on her face, punched him in the gut. He almost ignored the cabbie. The intensity of the sudden, overwhelming need she roused in him was disturbing. He was accustomed to having to hold himself back.

But one kiss from her made him feel like his leash had snapped.

He rested his forehead against hers. His lips ached from the roughness of their kiss. "We're here."

She took a shaky breath. She looked beautifully dazed, almost confused, and she jerked back from him, blinking, darting a glance at the cabbie. "R-Right."

He shoved his hand into his pocket, tossed a twenty to the cab driver, and helped Brianna from the car. It was more telling than anything that she let him, laying her delicate hand against his arm with her eyes downcast. Her mouth was reddened, her hair disheveled, and he couldn't help a fierce and primitive sense of pride. He'd broken her poise. He'd left her flushed, flustered, deliciously disarrayed.

To hell with dinner. He was taking her straight to his room.

Chapter Four

As the cab pulled away in a crunch of gravel, Brianna smoothed her disarrayed clothing and looked anywhere but at Thomas. Good God, she'd been all over the man. She wasn't even sure what had happened. He'd kissed her, and some long-dead part of her had come very suddenly and very vocally to life.

And that part of her wanted his body atop her, locked with her, filling her until she screamed.

Guilt sank its ugly claws into her. What was she doing? She looked down at the band of paler skin on her ring finger and clenched her fingers. It had been far too long since she'd looked at a man, let alone let herself go like that. The last time had been clumsy fumbling with some guy from a dating site. She'd realized then that she didn't want to get back into the world of awkward first dates and disastrous attempts at forced intimacy.

She'd realized that she couldn't replace him, and his shadow would always follow her through every failed relationship, every moment of doubt that when the next man said, It's not you, it's me, he meant, It's you. It's you and all your baggage.

Thomas would be no different. Just because her body didn't have the sense God gave little green apples didn't mean she had to let it rule her choices. She needed to keep her distance, or she'd be in trouble faster than she could say "blackjack."

He offered his arm, but she retreated a step. Calm. Composure. She drew herself up and forced a polite smile. "I think this was a bad idea. I'd like to go home now."

He rocked back on his heels, his face open and vulnerable for once. He didn't look like he was any more in control of what had happened back in that cab then she was. It made her relax a tiny bit.

Meeting her eyes, he asked, "Do you really want to go home? Or are you just a little bit scared of what happened? I'll admit, it was pretty damn intense."

"Well, yes and no." She blew out a breath. If he was going to be completely honest, then so would she. "This scared me, yes. This is entirely unlike me. I don't normally do...do that. In the back of a cab. With a stranger."

His grin was wolfish. Dangerous. And it sent delicious tremors right down into the heart of her. "If that was any indication...you've been needing to for a long time."

Wrong thing to say-even if he was absolutely correct. "You have no idea what I do or don't need."

He stepped closer, his nostrils flaring. "I know that I need you. I know that I don't want you to leave, but will stand here and watch you drive off in a cab if you want to go."

She closed her eyes. Need wasn't an adequate word to describe the molten thing curling in her stomach and flowing lower with every moment, but if she stayed...she knew she would end up in his bed. Tonight. Did she really want that? Was she ready?

"I don't want to go," she finally whispered.

Before the words were completely out of her mouth, he was behind her-wrapping his arms around her, pulling her back against his body. Lust was a potent thing that left her dizzy. The heat of him wrapped around her until she felt lewd, a flush of arousal swallowing her like a burning, wet mouth licking everywhere over her skin.

And from the way he pressed into her, at least one part of him was very honestly, genuinely interested in her. In what they'd been doing in the back of the cab. In what they could be doing upstairs in just a few minutes.

His broad hands spread over her stomach, smoothing down the front of her skirt with a deliberate touch. His voice rumbled in her ear, rough and compelling. "Come inside with me."

She trembled. Trembled and pressed back against him. Her br**sts felt heavy, her ni**les achingly sensitive, the pulse between her thighs hot and ready, every part of her aching for that touch to wander a little more. She licked her lips. "Is this why you brought me here?"

"No," he said, and pulled her tighter against him until she could feel his heartbeat throbbing in the hard flesh pressed against her bottom. "I brought you here because my hotel has a fabulous Mexican restaurant that doesn't even have salads on the menu."

Her laughter burst out before she could stop it, then trailed into a sigh as his lips feathered over her neck. His stubble teased her until every light brush against her throat sent prickles through her entire body.

"Thomas-Thomas, we're outside on the sidewalk-"

"Then let's not be."

He drew back, leaving her cold. Before she could protest, he laced his fingers with hers and drew her toward the door.

She followed him without speaking.

Words were pointless. When she decided to stay, she knew exactly what she was getting herself into. She fell silent and followed him into the hotel. His long strides slowed past the front door, relaxing into casual arrogance. She stole a quick glance up at him. His face was impassive-but when he caught her look from the corner of his eye, the heat smoldering there sent a thrill through her that left her thighs aching.

God, she was really going to do this. Have meaningless sex with a man she barely knew.

She almost chickened out at the elevator. Almost protested, but then the doors opened and he pulled her inside with sure, easy strength. They were the only ones inside; he hit the button for the seventh floor.

The moment the doors shut, he was on her.

Her breath flew from her as those godforsakenly wondrous hands curled against her waist and pushed her back against the steel wall of the elevator. His body, wild savagery barely caged inside the civilized layer of his shirt, pressed hot against her.

His lips melded to hers. He ravished her mouth, filling her with the taste of him, caressing her so deeply it was delicious. Indecent. Lascivious. Obscene, and so unlike her that, as she melted under his kiss, she wondered dimly who this soft, yielding woman was, moaning in his arms.

Then his fingers stroked down over her hips and dragged her close; his c**k nudged against her, hard and sinful and thrilling. She whimpered and clung to him. That wanton woman she didn't recognize wrapped her legs around his waist. The hard heaviness of him spread her thighs until they hurt, and her skirt inched up her legs, baring her to him. Baring her to the burning pressure of him, the insistent need nudging against her, teasing her through panties so thin she almost felt him against her bare skin.

The elevator doors slid apart with a soft chime. Without releasing her mouth or her body, he carried her into the hallway. His hands slid down to cup her ass, fingers gripping with a maddening roughness. With every slow, blind, fumbling step down the hallway, his mouth ravished hers until she was trembling, panting, biting him with an urgency that simmered under her skin and trembled in her bones.

With a husky snarl, he slammed her up against the door of a room. The breath knocked from her. The door rattled in its frame. His mouth dipped to her throat, but she tangled her fingers in his hair and dragged him back to kiss him. She wanted to taste more of him. Devour him. Sink into him and never let go.

She wasn't sure how he got the door unlocked. Wasn't sure when his hand left her ass and found the keycard. She dimly heard the beep of the security lock over the harsh mingling of their breaths. Then the door opened behind her and they nearly fell into the room together. He raked his hands over her body, lingering to caress the outer curves of her br**sts. She tore at his tie, ripping it off him hungrily.

He stopped kissing her long enough to allow her to yank his tie off. His hand slid under her blouse and touched her with brushes so light she quivered with a fierce and fiery sensitivity. Slowly, with a deliberation that left her feeling shamefully exposed, he drew her shirt up and off. It fell to the floor with his tie. He fell still, simply looking at her, his eyes unreadable and darkly intense.

She fought the urge to cover herself. Old insecurities she thought long dead and buried crept back up. This man was pure perfection. But she met his eyes-and sucked in a harsh breath. His eyes blazed with desire, leaving no doubt.

He wanted her.

His gaze seemed to strip her of more than her clothing, making her feel vulnerable. Fear and longing twined inextricably. His thumbs grazed her cheekbones; his lips brushed hers with a softness that made her burn for something more. Something rougher, deeper, hotter-but he stopped. Denying her. Tormenting her.

"I can stop," he whispered against her mouth, every syllable brushing her lips tauntingly. "If you want to leave, leave now. Last chance."

"Don't," she gasped, and rocked up against him. "Don't you dare stop."

With a rough sound, his mouth crashed against hers, his tongue sliding past her lips to claim her again. It was like letting an animal free from its cage, and the beast was ravenous. He cupped her br**sts. His thumbs grazed over the sheer fabric, taunting her ni**les until she arched into his hand and sucked in a sharp breath. Her fingers found his hair again, tugged as if he were the only thing anchoring her in the rough tide of pleasure. God, she needed him so badly. Hadn't realized how much she missed a man's touch until now.

When he squeezed her ni**les, she moaned and clawed at his shirt. Her fingers fought with the buttons as she nibbled at his throat, then licked the sting away. She fumbled. Need made her clumsy-and her damned fingers kept slipping off the tiny plastic buttons.

"Shit." He yanked his shirt off. Buttons flew in every direction. She tightened her legs around his hips and rubbed against him. Her bra clasp slipped open with a simple flick of his wrist. Her br**sts spilled free and into his hands.

He cupped them, drawing in a ragged breath. He pressed her tighter against the wall and rolled her ni**les between his thumbs and fingers. His mouth captured hers again. She scraped her nails down his back. God, his body was hard. Tight. So damned perfect. She traced his abs down to his pants, and when her fingers hit fabric, she tugged at his waistband.

He let go of her, and she slipped down onto her own two feet-and then onto her knees. He pulled a condom from his pocket. She stole it.

"Not just yet."

He looked down at her in surprise. "Brianna?"

She cupped his erection, pressing her palm against his heat through the fabric. His abdominal muscles clenched and he hissed. She unbuttoned his slacks and let them fall to his ankles. With a teasing kiss to his stomach, she drew his boxers down. Once he was free from his clothing, she wrapped her fingers around his smooth shaft, leaned in, and flicked her tongue against the tip of his cock. He groaned and buried his hands in her hair, rocking his hips against her mouth.

She licked the head, then took him into her mouth. She teased him with her lips and tongue and gentle suction. His shuddering groans, the hot pulse of him on her tongue, stole her breath and left her hot, craving. His fingers clenched in her hair, spasming, and he let out a tortured sound. His hips jerked, and his c**k pushed against the back of her throat.

"You have to stop," he gasped hoarsely.

She drew back. "Last chance for you to leave."

When he growled, she flashed him a slow smile and tore the condom wrapper open. With one last teasing nuzzle, she rolled the condom over his length. He bit off a curse and pulled her to her feet. His lips closed over hers without a moment's hesitation. He grabbed her skirt, flipped it up, and pressed her back against the wall again. His thumb hooked her panties and dragged them aside.

She quivered at his touch and moaned into his mouth. He pulled away for just a moment-then, with one smooth, almost violent thrust, buried inside her, filling her so completely she thought she would burst. She gasped out a ragged cry and dug her nails into his back, raking him with every inch that burned her, stretched her, took her.

He withdrew, then thrust harder. Smoother. Again and again, and she met each stroke, each touch, with a need she'd never known she could feel. Her throat was tight, her eyes hot, her ears ringing with her own wild cries. When he reached between them and found her clit, she lost all control. His strokes built the pressure to a boiling point until she tensed in his arms and her need unraveled into a burst of vivid pleasure, a pinnacle of luscious tension that threatened to break her deeply sensitized body. He snarled and plunged into her one last time, before joining her in a trembling, clutching release.

He dropped his forehead to her shoulder. His ragged breathing teased her throat.

"Holy shit."

She let out a wordless affirmative groan and rested her head on his shoulder. She felt like she'd run a marathon, her entire body sore. God, they didn't even make it to the bed. Hell, they'd barely made it into the room. She'd needed that, desperately. It had probably been building up inside her since Michael-

Michael.

The heat and blissful buzz bled from her, leaving her heavy and cold. What the hell had she just done? Thrown herself at a man she hardly knew, that was what. When she knew better. When she had responsibilities that didn't give her these kinds of freedoms.

And he'd probably go back to the office and brag to the other execs about bagging the account by bagging that frigid bitch.

"You're tense," he rumbled. He drew back. Dark, intense eyes searched hers. "What's wrong?"

She closed her eyes. She couldn't look at him. Not when he'd see the shame on her face, in her eyes-and she'd likely see the triumph in his, as arrogant as the rest of him. She swallowed past her aching throat and opened her eyes.

"Let me down, please."

He said nothing, but after a moment he separated their bodies carefully; she fought not to cry out as he slipped out of her, leaving her throbbing and sore and feeling, as much as she hated it, deliciously used. But that's all it was, wasn't it? He'd used her for pleasure.

And she'd used him.

She smoothed her clothing, pulling her skirt down. Damn it, her hands were shaking, fumbling, clumsy. She choked out a curse.

He took her hand, steadying it, then tugged her skirt down and handed her her shirt. She shrugged it on, hugging it closed across her br**sts. What should she do now? Thank him for the good lay? Shake his hand and run?

What had she gotten herself into?

She couldn't think about this. She threw her shoulders back and forced words past the knot in her throat. "If you'll excuse me."

He stared at her, his dark eyes flinty. "Brianna, I-"

"Don't." She couldn't look him in the eye right now, so she turned away. Bending down she picked up her bra and slid it on. With her back to him, she let the shirt fall and dressed herself. The whole time, she felt ridiculously exposed. Even more ridiculous, considering what they'd just done.

"You don't have to run away," he said, his voice guttural. "Stay for dinner."

She wanted to look at him so badly. To see if he looked as upset as he sounded. But she didn't turn around even after her shirt was firmly back in place. "No, thank you, Mr. Jones."

"Brianna, don't do this."

"I already did. You can have a courier send the contract to my office tomorrow." She put her shirt back on and buttoned it up. "There's no need for us to communicate in person again."

"Damn it." He made an angry sound. "Tonight wasn't about contracts or work, and you know it."

She gritted her teeth. "Good night."

And without giving him a chance to speak, she turned and walked from the room with her head held high as quickly as she could without running.

And her feet bare.

Chapter Five

Thomas sat in the plush upholstered easy chair in his suite and stared at the shoes on the table without really seeing them. The sun was just rising outside the window, light bursting in a brilliant panorama over the city. The beauty was wholly lost on him. It was just another filthy Vegas morning in which dozens of people would be going home with regrets and empty wallets.

Regrets. He knew quite a bit about that.

She'd run away from him. Run away. Maybe she'd strutted out with that elegant ice queen walk of hers, but he knew running when he saw it. He'd almost chased after her but pride and disbelief had rooted him to the spot. He'd been dazed, too. He'd never had sex like that. Sex where he completely forgot himself and lost control-and she'd been right there to meet him, like no woman ever had. And then she'd walked away, like she hadn't felt it, too.

And it was irritating the hell out of him.

He picked up one slender shoe and traced a finger along the velvety toe. He vaguely remembered her kicking them off when he'd hoisted her against the wall, the dainty Dior heels flying. She'd been in such a hurry to get away from him that she'd left them, like a real-life Cinderella. First she'd accused him of faking his interest in her, like she was some kind of leper, only to run away from him like he was the one diseased.

So why, damn him, was he still thinking about her?

She'd gotten what she wanted from him. He'd gotten what he wanted from her. It wasn't much different from his relationship with Nicole. With the rare fling or girlfriend afterward, either.

But it wasn't all he wanted from her and that irritated him even more. He was curious. Curious about what she was hiding. Curious why she hid so much energy and passion and wildness under that thin sheen of frost. Curious about her, when damn it, the last thing he wanted was another thing tying him to Las Vegas.

He should wash his hands of this. Secure the contract, leave this godforsaken town, and never look back. Beg for a new position in a different city or hand in his resignation. Drive away until he found that quiet place of white sand and blue water. Drive until he found some place to just be, where he was acceptable with or without business casual suits and natty cufflinks.

Maybe he'd do just that.

But first, he'd track Brianna down and find out why she'd run out on him like the hotel was on fire. He needed to know.

He showered and changed first. He looked like hell, dark circles under his eyes, jaw stubbled, and he doubted his jeans and undershirt were appropriate attire for a business meeting. He slid his wallet into his pocket and smiled at his reflection in the mirror. It was a tight, tense smile. One he didn't like.

But it didn't matter, because he and Brianna Faulk had some unfinished business.

He pulled into the parking lot of the Golden Hand and hopped out of his truck far too eagerly. As soon as he crossed the barrier between casino and corporate offices, a security guard stepped in his path. Thank God he had the proposal packet from MotoTek in his truck. And thank God he could fast-talk his way past the glowering, pot-bellied old man-who fingered his Taser with way too much enthusiasm-and into the casino with only a minimal nod to the fact that he looked more like a failed white wannabe rapper than George Clooney right now.

Second floor. Fourth door on the left, the guard had told him grudgingly. The upstairs offices were clustered along a narrow hallway lined with potted ficus trees and floored in Oriental carpet so old it had probably been woven at the height of the Chinese opium trade.

Her office door was closed but the blinds over the glass-windowed door were open. She sat bowed over a broad mahogany desk, taking handwritten notes in a ledger. Banks of security monitors lined the wall behind her desk. Even on a Saturday she was in a neat, well-fitted suit, the skirt and jacket in a misty silver that offset her dark blouse. Her hair was twisted up in a messy bun, and she had those naughty librarian glasses on again.

He pushed the door open without knocking. "Good morning, Cinderella."

Her head snapped up. For a moment she stared at him, naked shock flashing through her eyes, her color high. Then she set her pen down and reclined in her high-backed chair, glacial calm falling over her like a cloak. "What the hell are you talking about?"

"You left your shoes in my room."

"I noticed halfway down the hallway." Her gaze flicked to his empty hands. "I see you didn't bring them back."

"I didn't. They didn't match my jeans."

She laced her fingers together on the desk, her mouth twitching as if she bit back a smile. "What do you want this time, Thomas?"

Thomas didn't answer until he'd closed the door behind him. He leaned against the wall next to it and folded his arms over his chest. She might want to act as if she wasn't interested in him, but he knew differently. And there was no way in hell he was falling for the act.

"I want an honest answer," he said.

She sighed. "To what?"

"Why you ran out on me last night."

Another sigh. "Let's not delude ourselves, Mr. Jones." She picked up her pen and began writing in the ledger again. When she spoke, it was a dismissive murmur, distracted. "I know exactly why you brought me to your room."

"Do you?"

"Yes. I'm not sure if it's MotoTek's policy to include seduction as part of the contract perks, but if it is, I'm sure you've just earned your annual bonus." A disdainful little shrug tightened the shoulders of her jacket. "It was a nice bonus for me, if nothing else."

The world bottomed out beneath him. His stomach twisted and his face heated. Tension was a noose locking his arms to his body, rigid. "Is that what you think? That they pimp me out to clients?"

"Is there any reason to think otherwise?"

His tension snapped. He shoved away from the wall and stepped closer to her desk. "Is that why you slept with me?"

"Does it matter?"

"Yes," he snarled.

She blinked and glanced up at him over the rim of her glasses. "Why?"

"Because I don't win contracts with my dick. I win contracts by being smarter than the competition. By being good at it."

"I never said you weren't good at your job," she said quietly. "Just that you had a motive for bringing me back to your place."

Thomas frowned and studied her. There was a subtle tremor to her hands, a whiteness to her lips. She was more upset than she let on. Much more upset. "Why can't it be simple? Why can't it be something as simple as a man finding a woman attractive and wanting to spend the night with her?"

Her eyes narrowed. "If it were that simple, you wouldn't have manipulated me into it."

"Manipulated-" He couldn't even finish the sentence. He stared at her. At the tight set of her jaw, the defiant tilt of her chin, the hard sheen of her eyes. "I gave you a chance to leave. You didn't take it. If you were unwilling-"

He stopped when she averted her eyes from him sharply and muttered, "I wasn't unwilling."

"Then why am I the villain because we had a mutually enjoyable one-night stand?"

"If it was a one-night stand, why are you here?" she flared. She stood, palms pressed flat to the desk, leaning on her hands and meeting his eyes with a cold, accusatory frankness that snapped at the edges with simmering anger. "You know what I think? I think you're afraid you f**ked up. You came back to make sure I'd keep our night together quiet. Or maybe you think you made me so angry I won't sign the contract and you're here to make sure you earn your commission."

He said nothing. She glared at him. He let her. Let her be as angry as she wanted because he was starting to understand why. She doubted his motivation behind last night and was striking out at him before he could hurt her.

In the silence between them, he stepped closer to the desk and braced his hands against it, facing her eye to eye. Somewhat. She carried herself with such presence that until she had been writhing, small and voluptuous beneath him, it was hard to remember how much shorter than him she was. So short she was forced to tip her head back if she wanted to keep glaring at him.

She did.

"Did you ever stop to think I'm here for you?" he asked. His gaze dropped to her mouth. It was still plump, lush, ripe-red from what he'd done to her lips last night. Desire nipped at him with persistent little teeth. "I want to do it again."

Her eyes widened. She faltered and leaned back, straightening. "What?"

"If I want you to be honest, I suppose I have to give, too." Thomas shifted to prop his hip on the desk, half sitting on the edge. "Look, I don't know what I was thinking yesterday. But I do know that I don't want to only have you once. I don't want a one-night stand with you. I want more." It felt oddly freeing to say that. Liberating. Especially since he hadn't wanted more from another woman since Nicole. "I want you, Brianna. All of you."

She shook her head slowly. "Don't say that if you don't mean it, Thomas."

"I mean every single word. I am legitimately, genuinely attracted to you, and I can't seem to get that through your little skull." He ran his hands down his face, scrubbing his gritty eyes. "The question is, do you feel the same, or am I slamming my head against the wall for no reason?"

"I...I don't know."

His heart cracked. That's what he got for putting himself out on the line. Idiot. "I'm willing to give you time to consider it. Or I'll leave right now, if you'd rather, and never bother you again."

"Oh."

That was it. Oh. He'd learned years ago that honesty got him nowhere, but he'd tried-and he wasn't letting her get away that easily.

She settled primly back into her chair, avoiding eye contact. He snatched the pen right from between her pretty little fingers; she gasped, her furious flush blooming down her delicate throat.

"Your turn," he said.

"Excuse me?"

"I asked you why you ran out." He shifted on his feet, hating himself for asking this next question but unable to stop. "Was I that bad? Did I hurt you or something?"

She clenched her teeth. "No."

"Then why? Business ethics? Forgot your hair appointment? House on fi-?"

"I was embarrassed!" she snapped, her voice hitching. She slapped her hand against the desk hard enough to make her pencil cup bounce. "I told you. I don't normally do that. It was humiliating."

"There is absolutely no reason to be humiliated by what happened last night." He captured her hand and turned it over. Her palm was reddened from the force of her slap. Gently, he traced the tip of his thumb across her lifeline; her breath caught, and her fingers curled. Even holding her hand caused a rush of happiness and possessiveness to pump through his blood. He knew then that what he was about to say wasn't true. It was what she needed to hear, but it was a big fat lie. For the first time since Nicole...he'd opened himself up to a woman. With Brianna, it was more than sex. And the thought both terrified him and exhilarated him at the same time. The conflicting emotions fighting within him made the room spin. "We're adults, Brianna. Sometimes two adults like each other and decide to have sex. It's just sex."

"I know that," she murmured. "But I'm not most people."

He glanced up from her hand and caught her eye. Even if she was still flustered, still blushing, a hint of a smile played at her lips, barely there.

" I know." He shifted his grip on her fingers until his hand fully enfolded hers. "I like that about you."

She dropped her gaze to their entwined hands and cleared her throat. "It wasn't just that we- I mean, we were in the parking lot, then the elevator, and up against the door..." She let out a groan and dropped her face into her free hand. "Oh God."

She shouldn't do that. Whenever she turned shy, it only made him want to push her more, tease her, make her blush as deeply as she had when her legs were wrapped around his waist and she was tearing at his hair. "And you're used to strictly missionary, is that it?"

"Something like that..." she mumbled through her fingers.

He leaned forward and carefully pried her fingers away from her face so he could meet her eyes. "Do you ever shut off?"

"Yes. No." Her gaze darted to the side. "Maybe."

"That's a no, then." He tucked a stray wisp of her hair behind her ear. "Bree." Her eyes widened, and she stared at him. He teased the lock of hair against her cheek. "I get it. I do. I've worked with dozens of successful businesswomen- Ah." He caught her before her mouth could do more than open, raising a hand to forestall the sardonic anger in her flashing eyes. "Don't give me that look. I didn't sleep with a single one of them. But I know how it is. I know how you have to always be on your guard. But after hours, it's all right to let go and be a woman. Just as I let go to be a man. My suit and tie aren't all that I am. That marketing ass**le smile? I practice it in the mirror. I hate it."

"I'm not fond of it, either," she admitted.

"It gets to be a habit." He looked down at their entwined hands. Hers was so small inside his. "The point is...there's nothing to be ashamed of."

She pulled her hand free from his. He glanced up and met her eyes, bracing for the tirade. But she leaned in and kissed his cheek; he caught the faint scent of coffee on her breath, and as those velvet lips grazed his skin the oddest feeling tightened in his chest.

"I didn't know you had a mode other than the successful marketing executive you've shown me," she said softly.

"I'm working on that, too." If he turned his head just a little more, he could kiss her again. But he restrained himself. Barely. He wasn't here for just another kiss. It wasn't until the words were leaving his lips that he really realized what he was here for. Her. "But I still intend to use your shoes to bribe you into another date with me. A real one. We'll actually end up somewhere other than my room."

Amusement glittered in her eyes. "Those are six hundred dollar shoes. If I don't get those back, I'll castrate you."

"You're avoiding answering." And still hiding something.

She sighed and leaned back, hands on her hips. "Have I called you insufferable lately?"

"I'm starting to think it's a term of endearment."

After a prim chuckle, she sobered, shaking her head. "I don't know if I can date you, Thomas. You're still the executive working on my account."

If that was her only reason for rejecting him, then he'd won. She wanted him, too. "It doesn't matter. We can still work together. Keep it professional."

"I know, but..."

"It's a date," he pointed out. "Not a lifelong commitment. Just to see if you and I can converse without fighting for more than thirty minutes. For all I know, you'll put that pretty velvet spike heel right between my eyebrows."

She bit at her lower lip, drawing it between her teeth. "All right. One more date."

"You make it sound like a death sentence."

He slid off the desk and moved around it. He'd let her have the barrier between them but he was done with it now. As he passed the door to her office, he locked it and closed the blinds on the door. He turned back to her and prowled closer. She backed away like a cornered fawn.

"Why are you running from me again?" he asked.

"I'm not," she said, but she was still backing away. She paused, then amended, "Okay, maybe I am a little bit. It's kind of something I do."

"That's okay. I'm good at the chase." He caught her, then, and as his hands curled around those delicious hips and he jerked her close, she gasped. Her body was soft through the suit, molding to his with a lushness that made him simmer. "Want to know what else I'm good at?"

Her hands pressed to his chest. "Thomas, we're in my office-"

"I locked the door."

"Thomas," she warned, her tone hard.

He kissed her. Kissed her with all the anger that had built up over the night, let it bleed away into the frustrated passion he'd been caging since she walked out on him. He wasn't sure just what it was about her that ignited him, but when she surrendered with a desperate little whimper, he stopped wondering why.

He just gave in and let himself feel.

Her hips pressed tight against his, provoking him like a red flag to a bull, building that tight, needy pressure in his groin. He leaned into her, bending her back over the desk, forcing her to arch until her heavy, sweetly rounded br**sts pressed into him. He dragged her shirt out of the waistband of her skirt and slid his hands underneath until he found hot, smooth skin. When he caressed her, she writhed, and he savored the shudders that flowed under his fingers, leading him up until he cupped her br**sts and she gasped his name against his lips.

Tasting her mouth was no longer enough. He traced his lips over her throat, bit gently along her jugular, took deep-rooted pleasure in each soft, needy cry that rose when his teeth grazed her sensitized skin and his fingers played over her ni**les, rolling them until they peaked to perfect hardness. Her hands flowed over his body, touching him with grasping caresses that pulled him into her, locked their bodies together until he couldn't take it anymore.

He had to have her. Now.

He pulled back, looking down at her. She lay breathless on the desk, debauched and wickedly inviting against her scattered papers, clothing skewed and her hazel eyes turned to molten gold by longing. Longing for him. He held himself back long enough to kiss her lips again, a single soft brush, then gripped her hips and turned her over.

He maneuvered her facedown against the desk and parted her thighs with his knee. She arched, and God, what a vixen she was-nearly purring as she rubbed her own body to the desk, dragging her br**sts over the blotter, rocking back until her ass ground against him. The seams nearly split as he shoved the skirt up around her hips.

Her pantyhose made her thighs glisten like cream-and ripped from the pressure of his fingers as he pushed her thighs even farther apart, spreading her for him, positioning her against the edge of the desk. He shredded the flimsy nylon with a single savage jerk until he could reach to run his fingers over her mound through the soft silk of her panties. She quivered, her voice breaking on a moan. She was bared for him, and he burned to see her like this: wild, ready, wet for him.

He tugged the panties aside and tasted her, traced the delicate pink of her folds with the tip of his tongue, delved deeper into her warmth until she was twisting, clawing at the desk, nearly sobbing as she pushed toward him. When his tongue circled her clit, she spasmed, raked her fingers over the blotter hard enough to tear the top sheet into furrows, and came with a ragged cry. He lingered on every wet burst, every damp trickle, licking it away until she gleamed, stroking her with his tongue until her cries bordered on agony.

"Thomas," she gasped out, rigid and trembling. "Thomas!"

It was all the encouragement he needed. With one last taunting flick of his tongue, he withdrew long enough to unzip his jeans and push them down, freeing himself. Reaching into his pocket, he ripped open a condom and shoved it down his shaft. Once he was fully ensconced, he pressed against her moistness, raising a choked sound that he echoed. He held back for a trembling moment-and the anticipation made it that much sweeter when he rocked his hips forward and glided into her in a single smooth stroke.

She enfolded him in liquid fire, and he lost control.

He braced one hand to the desk, arching over her, and fell into the near-maddened cadence of his thrusts. His pleasure. Her pleasure, as her body clenched around him and she whimpered, begged, screamed. Screamed for him, so hot and uncontrolled beneath him, pushing back to meet him on every thrust.

As he joined her, he arched his neck back and all he could think, feel, and smell was Brianna. He was completely lost in her...and he didn't even care.

Chapter Six

Brianna lay boneless on the desk, her cheek pressed into last month's GAAP report.

She was pretty sure she was bent over the polished mahogany planking with her butt in the air like a five-dollar hooker, sweaty and wet inside her suit, Thomas's weight crushing the air from her lungs and his c**k slowly softening inside her.

He shifted with a groan, his voice gritty in her ears.

No, she was definitely sure. Hooker. Sweaty. Wet. That had just happened.

This time, she couldn't quite bring herself to mind so much.

"Promise me," he said, his voice rumbling through her, "that when I get up, you won't go running out this time."

"It's my office," she murmured, "so I have nowhere to run."

He chuckled, but a moment later his weight eased. The emptiness when he withdrew from her made her moan, pressing her thighs together. It was as if her body missed him already, wanted him back, his thickness caressing her from the inside.

Moving slowly, carefully, she pushed herself up and tugged her clothing back into proper order. She was wickedly sore, her ni**les hurting from crushing and dragging against the desk. Her stomach somersaulted. She could feel his eyes on her, watching her with a claiming intensity that did terrible things to her. She couldn't believe she'd let him do that to her. Push her down over the desk and...and just go at her like that.

Only she could believe it, because it had felt too damned good. Even though any of her employees could have knocked on the door at any moment, she couldn't bring herself to regret a thing.

She swallowed and set her skewed glasses right. "Well. I'm going to need a new ledger book."

If she expected anything, it wasn't the deep, full-throated laugh that rose from him. There was a warmth to it that made her shiver and a certain...earthiness. Not what she associated with this sardonic, forceful man. Caught off-guard, she turned away quickly, fumbling with the scattered things on her desk. God, they'd moved the desk across the floor; it was now canted several inches on one side, and she was lucky her computer monitor hadn't fallen off.

His laughter trailed into a chuckle. "Here. Let me help."

He moved to her side, picking up her pencil cup and slotting a few Sharpies back into place. They both reached for an overturned picture frame at the same time; their hands bumped, but he got it first and flipped it upright.

Thomas went very, very still, looking at the picture with a sudden and almost terrifying blankness. The languid-albeit almost playfully awkward-warmth that had been brewing vanished.

"Brianna," he said, spacing each syllable precisely, "who is that?"

The blood drained from Brianna's face, leaving her dizzy. The picture was of her and Michael, the day of their wedding. He was trim and dashing in his tuxedo. She held her bouquet, smiling with such radiance she looked like a different person. She wore that frothy white dress that childhood said was supposed to make all a little girl's dreams come true. No one ever told those little girls that past the dress were more dreams. Deeper dreams. Dreams that could so easily be cut short and taken away.

She snatched the picture away and turned it facedown. "It's no one."

His gaze moved to her hand. Without even thinking, she ran her thumb over the paler band of skin on her finger, the weight of the ring a strange absence. His eyes turned flinty.

"You're hiding something."

She turned her back on him. "No."

"Liars are easy to spot, Brianna. What's going on?"

"I'm not a liar!" She hugged the picture to her chest. The edges of the photo frame bit into her sore br**sts. "I just met you. You don't get to interrogate me."

"Maybe not." His voice was colder than liquid nitrogen. "But I'd like to have known you were married before I asked you on a date. A better time to tell me? Before I slept with you. You lied to me."

Her chest felt tight, like a scream had sunk its hooks into her from the inside and then balled itself up and refused to come out. "I didn't lie."

"I can't believe you turned me into this man. The man that would break up a family." He looked at her with such contempt she wanted to crawl under the desk and sob. Suddenly she felt like grade-school Brianna again, pathetic and unworthy.

"You have no idea what you're talking about," she said, her voice cracking. "None."

"I thought I had an idea who you were. A strong, intelligent, capable woman who just needed to come down from her ice castle. I wanted to know more." His upper lip curled. "But now I know that if I really want to know something about you, I could go ask your husband."

The hurt burning through her turned cold. "Get out before I call security to escort you."

His entire body was tense, vibrating with anger. But it was his eyes that nearly killed her; it wasn't anger she saw there but a bitter sense of betrayal. Hurt. Resignation.

"No need," he said. "I know the way."

And without another word, he walked out of her office and out of her life.

...

Thomas sat in his truck and stared sightlessly across the parking lot of the Golden Hand Casino. He should be driving away, but he didn't have it in him to move just yet-and wasn't sure if he could be trusted in busy traffic.

He should have known. Her furtive body language. That tan line on her finger. He'd thought it had looked old. Old enough that he could believe it was from an ex. But ex-wives didn't have pictures of their ex-husbands on their desk.

More likely, she'd just made a fool out of both him and her husband-and made such a habit of it that she was more often without her wedding ring than with. Just like Nicole.

Nicole had left her wedding band on the nightstand every day. He'd wake in the morning and it would be there, mocking him. He'd tried to tell himself, the moment he realized that he wanted to see Brianna again, that she wasn't Nicole. That not every woman was the lying, cheating bitch who'd used him, spat on him, and trapped him in a loveless marriage with nothing but nebulous promises of affection.

Maybe not every woman was Nicole, but he'd be damned stupid to ever trust one again. At least with Nicole it had all been there for him to see. The lies. The cheating. The laughter every time she broke his heart a little bit more.

But that sweet, trusting look on Brianna's face when she'd clung to him...

The truth was, he just didn't know. He wasn't sure he wanted to know, but a stupidly idealistic part of him wanted to believe her- No. He was a fool, and he'd just ruined another man's life the same way Nicole and her countless boy toys had ruined his. He'd sworn he'd never ever touch a married woman. Never hurt another man the way he'd been hurt so many times. The taste in his mouth was bitter, the acid in his stomach vile.

He turned the key in the ignition. The truck came to life, roaring the angry challenge that seemed to be stuck in Thomas's throat. He needed to drop this and walk away. Even more of a reason to get this contract, turn his back on Vegas, and never look back. Even if it meant losing his job.

To hell with his job-and to hell with Brianna Faulk.

Chapter Seven

Brianna rolled on her stomach, pillow hugged close, and eyed the cell phone flung at the foot of the bed. The project portfolio from MotoTek was next to it with the neat little business card insert and its square paper slip of temptation. Temptation with Thomas's cell phone number printed on it.

It had been two days since he stormed into her office, and then stormed right back out of it like a tornado consisting of pure lust and anger. So much anger. She shouldn't even be thinking about calling him. He'd probably taken himself and his California-surfer good looks back to the MotoTek offices in San Francisco, anyway. It had been days, and she hadn't heard from him. Not about the contract.

Not about them.

She'd tried to keep herself busy, but her mind kept drifting back to him. When he'd found that picture of her with Michael, she'd frozen. Panicked. The way he'd looked at her hadn't helped. She'd grown past letting anyone look at her that way, letting anyone make her feel like she was inferior by their standards. The fact that he'd dared had infuriated her.

But if she'd been honest with him in the first place, he wouldn't have had reason to.

She'd only lied by omission. She didn't owe him anything, but that bitter look of betrayal in his eyes...as if she'd torn open an old wound she hadn't even known was there. She wanted to tell him the truth. To at least give a clean ending to something that had never even really begun and restore their business relationship so they could painlessly conclude their transaction and part ways. She could partner with MotoTek to remodel and rebrand the casino. Thomas could continue on whatever path he went down after they parted ways.

And she could forget about that burning knot of hunger that clenched deep inside her body every time she thought about how he'd touched her.

She glanced at the clock. Nine thirty at night. In Vegas, nine thirty was practically morning. He'd still be up. She had purposely waited until the kids were in bed. She didn't want him to hear their voices in the background and have him fly off the handle again. Not until she had a chance to explain everything to him. She smoothed her hands over her fluttering stomach, made herself pick up the phone, and punched his number.

It rang two times before he picked up. He sounded tired. Wary. Angry. "Hello?"

"Thomas? It's Brianna."

He said nothing. The silence weighed long and dark between them. Accusatory. She took a calming breath, but her heart rate doubled.

"Are you still in town?" she continued. "I'd like to see you."

"I'm still in Vegas," he said after a long pause. "But I have no intention of seeing you. We can conduct business over the phone and via e-mail."

She gritted her teeth. He was going to make this difficult, wasn't he? "Please, I need to talk to you. In person. Would you be available to meet?"

"If this is a hookup call..." he said, his voice tinged with warning.

"It's not." She dug her fingers into the pillow until they disappeared into the plush cotton. "Whatever your damages are, they aren't my fault. Don't treat me like they are."

"Then don't use me to f**k up your husband's life."

"Stop assuming that's what I'm doing." Deep breaths again. She couldn't fly off the handle. Couldn't lose her temper. She rarely lost her temper, but Thomas just seemed to be able to push her buttons. "I just want to talk."

"Why?"

"You wanted the truth, didn't you?"

"And I got it."

So much for deep breathing and calm thoughts. She snapped. "Listen, you pig-headed, arrogant, close-minded prick," she hissed. She tried to bite the words back, but they poured from her lips in a furious torrent. "You have no idea what it is you got. You assumed. I'm trying to be honest with you. So let me."

His answer was so long in coming that she thought he'd hung up. Then he chuckled and murmured, "You called me a prick."

"That's because you're acting like one," she growled. "And you don't have to sound so amused by my cursing."

"Then stop sounding so funny when you do it." He let out a sigh so heavy it crackled through the receiver. "Fine, we can talk. Where?"

She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. There was no way around it. She had to invite him to her house. Maybe she could wait for him on the doorstep and break the news of her family to him over a drink at dinner. Or maybe after three drinks. She could work her way into a confession on her own terms. If she told him she wanted to meet somewhere neutral, he would probably still think she was hiding something. And she was. It wasn't just a husband. But how long could she hide the kids from him? And why bother?

Once he saw them, he'd make his excuses and go back to wherever he belonged. Their brief dalliance would be over, and she'd have cleared her name from adultery. So what if the thought of coming clean made her palms sweaty? It didn't matter. It was time.

She clenched the phone tighter and forced the words that would seal her fate to come out. "My house. Tomorrow at six."

"I'll be there," he said. "No more lies between us, Bree."

"No more lies," she promised, and wondered what she was getting herself into. "Now get a pen."

She gave him her address, then hung up. Her palms were sweating, her body shaking, but this was far from over. Now came the hard part. The hardest part of all.

Waiting until tomorrow so she could come clean.

...

Thomas was fairly sure he was about to get punked by Chris Hanson.

Maybe Jerry Springer.

Yeah. Springer had a bigger audience.

He stood on the walk and eyed the front door. There was probably a camera crew in the bushes and another inside Brianna's sprawling ranch-style house. The husband was probably waiting upstairs until Jerry gave the secret signal. Jerry would say lowlife, and the esteemed Mr. Faulk would jump him. Jerry would wait just a little too long to call his security monkeys to pull him off. Just long enough so that when they replayed the video for the studio audience, they'd pump their fists and scream Jerry! Jerry! Jerry! while the fight rolled on.

And Thomas would deserve every single blow.

Why was he even here? So she could rub his nose in her infidelity? So she could have some kind of emotional revelation with her husband, while Thomas watched on? Maybe she even intended to use Thomas as an excuse to end her marriage.

He sighed and rapped his knuckles to the door. It cracked open.

"Thank God. You're la-" Her eyes widened. "Crap."

She slammed the door in his face.

Then latched it.

What the hell was she up to now?

"Damn it, Bree," he called through the door. "We said no games. What are you doing?"

"We said no lies but I'm not playing any games." The thick oak door made her voice hollow. "I thought you were the- I thought you were my sister. You're too early."

"I'm not-" He checked the time. He was actually early. He was never early. "Okay. Fine. So I show up ten minutes early and it's a social faux pas worthy of slamming the door in my face?"

No answer. He groaned and glanced over his shoulder. No sister. No one. Just an empty yard, and around the corner of the house, he could just barely make out the edges of a multicolored...kids' play set...

Oh. Oh, hell no.

A little snake of panic bit at his insides. "I'm leaving."

"Don't." Her exasperated sigh came clearly through the paneled oak. "What if we reschedule? I'm not really in the mood to go out. I'm tired."

His stomach turned. Toying with him again, and he didn't even have one foot in the front door. And why the hell did she have a swing set in her yard? "Why did you tell me to come here if you didn't want to see me?"

The latch slid. She cracked the door open again. One liquid hazel eye peeked out. "I'm just- I'm not-"

"You're not what?"

"I'm-" Her lips pinched together. "Oh, screw it. Come in."

She opened the door fully. He stepped across the threshold, his eyes taking in every inch of her body even though he didn't even know if he liked her right now. She wore a pair of black slacks and a sparkly tank top that hung to her curves. "What's going on, Bree?"

She shrugged stiffly. "There's something I haven't told you yet."

"I gathered that." He crossed his arms. "Look, let's not make any unnecessary drama. If it was just a one-night thing, let it be that so I can walk away. Or tell me what's really going on."

Her eyes narrowed. "I'm trying."

"It can't be that bad, can it? You're a mass murderer? You eat people for dinner?" he asked, and then his gaze drifted to the pictures on the wall.

Yes, it very much was that bad.

One of the photos, at least a few years old, was of Brianna. She held a baby. There were other kids in the rest of the pictures, and he didn't think they were her nieces and nephews.

And the man from her desk photo was in all the portraits, smiling as if he was the luckiest man in the world.

Ah, shit.

Slowly, as if he were on autopilot, he turned back to her. His limbs felt wooden. So did his lips as he said, "You're married. With kids."

Her shoulders hunched. "I have three kids, yes. And my husband-"

"To hell with this." He reached back blindly, grappling for the doorknob. He could barely see her pale, stricken face through a white-hot sheen of fury. "I don't want to hear anything about your husband. I don't want to hear your excuses about how cold he is, or how he's never home. You have kids, Brianna. Kids and a family. I'm not going to be the one to rip it apart."

Thomas jerked the door open and walked out-and nearly walked into another woman. A younger woman, a blond with wide, confused eyes, stood on the doorstep, staring at him as if she thought he would hurt her. He ducked around her, careful not to touch her. He'd never hurt anyone, but that didn't mean he wanted human contact right now. He should have trusted his gut. Brianna was definitely married.

Married, and he'd been played for a fool.

Halfway down the walk, a warm hand caught his elbow with surprising strength. "Stay right there."

She spun on her heel and walked back to the house. A teenaged boy hovered in the doorway, watching them with his mouth twisted into a curve of sullen resentment. Brianna said something to the boy, shut the door, then stalked back down the path. Thomas felt sick. Why had he stayed, and let her boss him into sticking around?

Her cheeks were flushed, her eyes alight. "I'll have you know I'm not the type of woman who cheats on her husband."

He gave a harsh laugh. "Do you have some other explanation for the pictures? Divorcees don't keep shrines to their exes. I'm divorced, and I'm fairly certain every picture of her I didn't burn ended up down the garbage disposal."

She cocked her head. "When were you married?"

"A while ago. As in, not right now. Ever wondered how that felt?"

Her face fell. She dropped her fists to her sides. "Not really. You're right. A divorcee wouldn't still have pictures up. But I'm not divorced."

"That makes no sense. The only way you could be not married, but not divorced, is if..."

Oh.

Thomas, you idiot.

"Is if he's dead," she finished. Her slim hands planted against his chest, shoving him gently backward. "He's dead. If you'd let me finish, you'd have heard me. I have three kids, I'm a single mom, and my husband is dead. There. Happy?"

Happy? He'd been an ass**le to a woman who didn't deserve it. He should just give up and walk away, but he couldn't. Pride choked him-pride, and that damnable need that roused every time he looked at her.

He swallowed hard. "No. I can't say that makes me particularly happy. How long ago did he... When did he...?"

"A few years ago. And I didn't want to tell you right away." She let out a tired, dry laugh. "I mean, who wants to date a single mom of three? It's something you ease into after a few dates. Not right away. Not like this. But...we kind of skipped the date and hopped right into..."

"More like out of our clothes. That's what you meant when you said you don't normally do this."

She nodded. No wonder. She had kids to care for, to protect. She wouldn't want strange men around until she was sure her children would be safe with them, and it wouldn't be fair to bring men into their lives who might only be a temporary presence when they'd already lost their father. And he was definitely a temporary presence.

Then again, he wasn't sure he was ready to even think about being a father figure, either.

"I'm sorry," he said, and gripped her shoulder gently. "I'm an idiot."

She smiled weakly. "No. You just bit off more than you could chew. At least now you've got your excuse."

"Excuse?"

"You know. Why it wouldn't work." She wrapped her arms around herself. A defensive barrier-against him. "So you can walk away with a clean conscience now."

She had the future all figured out already-including his reaction to her news. With any other woman, she would have been right. But for some unknown reason, Brianna wasn't just any woman. He couldn't walk away from her so easily. She felt too damned good in his arms to let her go. "You think I'll give up that easily?"

"I saw the look on your face when you realized I have kids. It was the look of a man with his head in the noose. Let me tighten the rope for you and make it a little easier. I'm thirty-two and a single mom with a lot of baggage. Zach's thirteen and miserable. Katelyn's six and thinks she's twenty. Cody is eight, lives in his own world, and thinks Transformers are real."

Thirteen? So she'd had her first when she was only nineteen?

He never really envisioned himself with kids. Never even pictured a family of his own. And the idea of dating someone with kids had never even crossed his mind. He never would have considered getting involved with a woman who had children. Not because he didn't like kids. He did.

It was his own f**ked-up mentality that kept him away. Did he want to be responsible for turning some kid into a raving lunatic who didn't know how to trust anyone? Did he want to make another person feel the same insecurities he felt? Hell no.

But this was Brianna. She was watching him with her big eyes, biting her lip as she waited for his reply, and he couldn't say good-bye yet. The idea of walking away and never getting to kiss her lips again clawed at his insides like some hidden monster, refusing to let go.

Kids or not, he wanted to be with her. Wanted to explore the new feelings she brought out in him.

"I don't know what look I had on my face. Probably a man who felt like he'd just been punched in the nuts for being an ass to a widow." He closed the distance between them, tilting her chin up so he could see her pretty eyes. "But I've said it before and I'll say it again: I don't give up easily."

She wouldn't look at him. He couldn't look away from her. "You are a fascinating man, Thomas, but I think it's best if we let this go."

"Why? Because you have kids?" He gestured at the play set hunched in the grass like a little gingerbread house. "I'll keep my distance until you decide that I'm ready to meet them. If that ever happens."

"It's not that!"

"Then what is it?"

"I'm scared." She blew out a breath that caused her hair to flutter. "Scared to let you in."

He got that more than she would ever know. She terrified the hell out of him. "I'm scared, too."

She looked up at him in surprise. "Then what do you propose we do?"

"Maybe nothing. Do you actually want to do something?"

"Maybe."

He growled. "I don't want a maybe, Brianna. I want to know if you're going to give us a chance to figure out what we have or if you're going to send me away before we can even find out if we would work."

She stared up at him, her eyes wide and wary, but he refused to look away. "Fine," she finally said, her lashes lowering. "Yes. Let's do this."

He released her chin and tucked a lock of hair behind her ear. "All right, then. Let's go on a real date. Are you available tonight?"

She smiled. "We can go out. I have a 'get out of jail free' card tonight."

"The babysitter?"

"My sister. Kiersten."

Kiersten was currently leaning in the now-open doorway of the house, watching them with thinly veiled amusement. She looked much like Brianna but with an impish streak. Thomas waved; she waved back with a wink.

"Is she your only sister?"

"Yeah, but I have a brother, too. Mike."

"I have a sister." He brushed his fingers down her arm. "Now that we know each other a little better...I can't think of a better time than now for date one-point-five than the present."

"I'll be right back."

"Hurry up," he said, his tone teasing and light. "If you don't, I just might decide to hold another pair of your shoes hostage."

"I still haven't gotten the first pair back."

"You're welcome to come up to my room to get them."

She gave him a searching look, then smiled, rose on her toes, and kissed his cheek before walking away, back up to the house. Thomas glanced back to his rental truck. If he were smart, he'd run right now before he made a mess of this.

But he wasn't running.

He wanted Brianna with a hunger that even the specter of her dead husband couldn't diminish. That was a large void to fill, stepping into the empty absence her husband had left behind. He wasn't sure he was up to the task. Hell, he didn't even know what to do with kids.

He focused on the gentle sway of her hips. It wasn't until she disappeared inside that he saw the teen boy glowering down at him from an upstairs window.

Great. He'd just been caught ogling the boy's mother. Thomas forced a smile and waved. He was rewarded by a middle finger and the sight of the boy's back.

He remembered those days. He hadn't had a mother to protect from men like him, but he'd had a sister who liked boys from the wrong side of the tracks. Maybe the boy just needed a gentle hand, a male role model in his life. A role model Thomas wasn't sure he knew how to be, and...and...

...and that? That was the boy's bare ass in the window.

They were off to a wonderful start.

Chapter Eight

Over the top of Brianna's menu, Thomas looked much too calm. Much too confident. He should be running for the hills. He should be the nervous one, yet here she was sweating into her boots and scrunching her toes in her damp socks. Dating again, even so many years after Michael's death, was like trying to remember a foreign language she hadn't used in decades. Open her mouth, and nothing but gibberish would spill out.

"So exactly how long has it been since your husband passed?" Thomas asked, voice neutral. "If you don't mind talking about it, that is."

"I don't mind." She cleared her throat. A fist of pain tightened over her heart. "It was three and a half years ago. He had cancer. It wasn't an easy passing."

He reached across the table and squeezed her hand. The contact was oddly intimate. She swallowed hard and forced herself to concentrate on the here, the now, and the surf and turf platter on the restaurant's menu.

"I'm sorry," he said, his gaze unwavering.

"Don't be. It may have been difficult, but..." The words stuck in her throat. "Once we found out, it was a matter of months. As if, once he knew, he didn't want to leave us hanging. Like he wanted it to be over."

"I've seen that happen before."

"It hit Zach the hardest. Maybe because he's the oldest. Katelyn handled it well enough, but she's young still. Cody was only six, so he barely remembers his father."

Thomas's grasp tightened. "Is Zach acting out?"

Brianna tilted her head. Was he actually interested in her children? Her chest ached. No. He couldn't care about her. Not after two quick flings and this impromptu date. He was being polite. "Not really," she said. "He gets fabulous grades. Plays soccer. Star forward."

"Soccer, hmm?" His brows rose.

"Don't tell me. You played forward, too?"

"All four years in high school. I can still balance a ball on my head with my eyes closed and a few beers in me."

"So can a seal."

"Ork ork." He chuckled. "Think he'd mind kicking the ball around the yard with a has-been?"

Her stomach sank, heavy and cold. What would Michael think, another man taking his place and coaching his son? Why was she even thinking about this when Thomas was likely putting on a brave face and wouldn't even stick around long enough to meet Zach? The initial spark of excitement left her flushed with guilt.

She shouldn't be thinking about this.

She'd been doing fine without anyone else's help, but being a single parent was exhausting. There was no good cop, bad cop. She had to be the bad cop, then kiss it better. She had to be mother and father, and there were some things she just couldn't teach her son. Like how to shave his first stubble-though she'd have tried if Zach had wanted her to. She would have lathered up her face right alongside him if he asked.

Anything for her kids.

She looked away from Thomas. "You don't have to do that."

"I know I don't have to." His thumb stroked along her knuckles. "I would probably have fun."

She swallowed hard. "I-then-we can think about it. I don't want to introduce you too soon. You could be gone in a week for all I know."

He drummed the fingers of his free hand on the table and watched the restaurant-a quiet bustle of activity and energy as waiters and waitresses floated from table to table. "I'm here for at least two more weeks."

"That's not very long. Will you go back to California then?"

"I don't know. Probably."

She shook her head. "So we're doomed from the start?"

"I know we don't have long, but I'd hope it's long enough for us to figure out if there's something worth pursuing. If there is something here, then we can figure out what to do when the time comes. We could work something out."

Work what out? If he left, they would never become anything. "What do you mean? Like a long-distance relationship?"

"Shit, I don't know. I'm not very good at planning stuff like this. Or talking about my feelings." He cleared his throat. "But I do like you enough to try this thing. Enough to risk another ass-to-window serenade from your son."

Her breath caught. Oh, God, please no. "He didn't."

"He did."

She groaned. "I'm so, so sorry."

"Don't worry about it. It's not the first time I've been mooned. I don't think it's fatal or catching." He gave her a small smile. "If I go around mooning people, then we'll worry. Until then, I'm fine."

She groaned. "When I get home, I'm going to ground him until he dies."

"From the look on your face, that won't be very long." His gaze flicked over her face, leaving behind a warmth that crept down her jaw to her neck. "You didn't answer me."

"Didn't I?"

"No."

"You didn't ask me a question."

He reached across the table and brushed his fingers beneath her chin, sending chills over her skin. "I'm asking if you want me to stick around for two weeks or not."

"I-yes. Okay."

"Just 'okay'?"

"You're not the only one who's not very good at talking about this."

"Then I'll take what I can get." He let go of her hand with one last lingering caress. "Now...on the matter of your shoes. Remind me to give them back before my truck turns into a pumpkin."

She smiled but shook her head. "I can't believe I ran out barefoot."

"Stocking-foot Cinderella." The way he said the name, rolling each syllable with rumbling amusement and pleasure, made her shiver. "Though I'm no Prince Charming."

The waitress interrupted them, her ponytail bouncing as she cruised to a halt at their table. "Evening! Can I start you off with a drink?"

Brianna laid her menu on the table. "I'll have a vodka tonic."

Thomas raised a brow. "I pegged you for more of a wine girl."

"I'll have you know I drink vodka, wear my fat pants on weekends, and look like hell under my makeup just like any other girl."

He laughed, full and rumbling and deep. He didn't laugh nearly enough, she thought-as if he didn't want the world to know when he was happy. If he ever was happy. What was he missing in his life, she wondered, that he was so desperate to hide himself from everyone?

He flashed the waitress a brief, polite smile. "I'll have the same." The waitress left after a coy look for Thomas, which he completely ignored. He shook his head. "Vodka tonic. Not very prim and proper."

"Must I be prim and proper all the time?"

"It's a refreshing change of pace when you aren't. And I especially like it when you loosen up enough to call me a prick, like you did the other day."

"In that case, you're a prick, in case I hadn't reminded you lately." She tilted her head. Time for some questioning of her own. "Did your ex-wife drink wine?"

His face closed over. Brianna suddenly had the feeling she knew exactly how a soldier in the field felt when his foot came down on a land mine, and he didn't dare lift it. Thomas fixed her with a stony look, then shrugged.

"Yes. She loved it," he said, his voice rough. "Almost as much as I hate it. The taste irritates me. Just another of the ways we were complete opposites."

Okay, then. Obviously not a happy marriage. Then again, if they'd been happily married, they wouldn't have gotten divorced. "What was her name?"

"Nicole." He picked up his menu, holding it like a shield. "I'm thinking steak. You?"

She reached across the table and pulled the menu down until she could see his face. "If you don't want to talk about her, just say so."

His gaze was flinty, but underneath... God, he was hurting so much, wasn't he? She could see it in his eyes. "I don't want to talk about her. My marriage wasn't happy. I don't have smiling pictures of her in my house or any fond memories. At all. That's really all you need to know."

"I can accept that. But I have one more question."

"What is it?"

"How long ago did you split up?"

He didn't answer at first, just looked at her as if she'd slapped him. She dropped her gaze to the table and fiddled with her silverware. If he said a month ago, she'd walk out. A month ago meant she was the rebound girl.

He sighed. "Eight years ago." His menu hit the table with a heavy plop. "We split more than eight years ago. I've never remarried or even dated seriously. I've been single all that time, and perfectly happy that way."

"I see." She looked down at her lap. "But..." She shook her head. "Never mind."

She kept her gaze on her napkin and fretted the edges until the thread started to unravel.

He hadn't dated for years...but now all of a sudden he was pursuing her? All of a sudden, he was ready? Why now? Why her? He might have the best of intentions, but a man who hadn't dated for eight years wasn't about to change his habits. He probably had a casual fling back home, too.

"What's wrong?"

She jerked. "For someone who says he isn't good with emotions, you're a little too good at catching my mood swings."

"Comes with the territory. Marketing executive, remember? It helps if I know how to read people. You could say I was born with a natural talent for reading brooding stares."

She choked on a laugh. "Is that what I was doing? Brooding?"

"Indeed." His gaze focused on her again, intense and dark. "What's wrong?"

"I was just wondering...why are you ready to date now?"

He tensed up. "Honestly? I don't know. I haven't dated because I've been absorbed in my own bitterness for years. It wasn't until recently, when my sister got married to my best friend, that I realized how miserable I was. Seeing their happiness brought me out of my own shadow." He ran a hand through his hair. "And since then, I've been working on getting out of the abyss I've been stuck in. I've been working on being more open to other people. And then...you came along."

Her heart fluttered. "And now?"

"And now I'm ready to try again." He leaned in, catching her gaze. "With you."

"Oh."

She watched him without saying anything else. She didn't think she could come up with a coherent sentence right now, anyway. He'd told her he might want something serious with her, and all she could manage to say is oh? How pathetic.

He picked his menu back up, his knuckles white on the plastic edges. "Do you know what you want?"

No. Not at all. "What do you mean?"

"For dinner." He cocked his head. "The waitress should be back soon."

And just like that, he was calm and collected. Talking about dinner when she was trying to decide whether or not she'd get in trouble for throwing herself into his lap and kissing him until he smiled down at her. Until she chased away the shadows lurking in his eyes even now. "Ah. R-Right. I think I'll have a salad."

His eyes narrowed. "Again?"

She flushed. "It's woman code."

"Woman code?"

"We have to order salads on dates to seem like we care about our weight."

He snorted. "I don't care if you're five hundred pounds. Just eat something. I'm sure you didn't peck at crumbs around your husband."

She bit her lip. How much did she want to tell him about her past? When she tried to meet his eyes, she couldn't make it past the point of his chin. "I was overweight as a child. It's something that kind of stuck with me."

"Hey." He brushed his fingers under her chin and tipped her face up. "Are you happy with yourself?"

No, she started to say, then realized that was wrong. "Yes," she said, almost unable to believe the words were coming out of her mouth. "Yes, I am."

"Then that's all that matters." He cupped her cheek. "Size zero is overrated and frankly scary at times. I think you're damned sexy just the way you are, if that counts for anything."

"It does." More than it should. Can you see how frightened I am right now? How afraid I am that you'll break my heart?

He smiled-that smile she didn't see nearly often enough. "Good." The waitress returned with their drinks. Thomas inclined his head to Brianna. "Ladies first."

"Um." Brianna pushed her menu away, smiling. "I'll have the rib eye steak, medium well."

Thomas's eyes gleamed with satisfaction. "I'll have the same. Medium."

She sat back with her drink and watched how the light played over his hair and cast his eyes into an alluring shadow. She couldn't help thinking about what he must have been like in high school. A soccer player, just like Zach. He'd probably been the school hottie. And if the time since his divorce was anything to go by, he'd married the head cheerleader.

"So...you were a soccer player, hmm?"

He raised a brow. "Yes."

"Did you play in college, too?"

"Yeah," he said, his tone hard.

When he didn't say anything else, she fidgeted. He obviously didn't like talking about college. What had happened? Doing some quick math, she realized that it must have something to do with his ex-wife. He definitely didn't like talking about her. He picked up his drink, his knuckles white, his jaw clenched. Right. Subject change.

"So what about your family?"

His eyes grew wary, distant. "I have one."

She sighed, frustration picking away at her. They couldn't talk about college. Couldn't talk about his ex-wife. And even family was off-limits? How was she supposed to get to know him if he refused to let her? "Is there any topic with you that isn't forbidden?"

"No. I mean yes. I-" He rubbed his temples. "Family, friends...they're a sensitive subject. Just give me time."

"Time for what?"

"For me to get used to having someone in my life to talk to. I never really-"

The waitress interrupted with a sunny smile and a loaded tray. Bad timing. Brianna nearly told her to go away, but bit her tongue and waited for the girl to finish setting out their food. She kept watching Thomas, as if Brianna weren't there. Brianna caught her eye with a pointed look. The waitress ducked her head and left quickly.

By the time she left, Thomas had already withdrawn, calm and in control again. He picked up his fork. "Look. I'll get better at this...relationship thing. With time. Just don't give up on me yet." He set his fork down and captured her hand. He kissed her knuckles.

She squeezed his hand, her heart twisting. "Okay."

He let go and cut into his steak, his head bowed. How hard must it have been for him to make that simple admission?

She cleared her throat. "I haven't been attracted to anyone since Michael. You...you make things different. You make me different."

"You mean I refuse to leave you alone until you snap?"

She scowled. "You really know how to ruin a moment."

"Were we having a moment?" His eyes remained lowered, his fingers tight on his fork.

"Damn it, Thomas-"

He leaned across the table and kissed her. His lips were soft, his breathing harsh; he lingered over the kiss, caressing her mouth until her chest tightened. Each touch of his lips spoke of so many things unsaid. So much emotion, showing her what he couldn't say.

When he drew back, his eyes were warm. "Time, Bree. And a chance."

"Two weeks." She bit her lip. "I can give you that."

His smile was oddly shy, oddly boyish-and it was enough to almost destroy her. "I'll try to make it worth it."

They fell into companionable silence over their food. Brianna couldn't help stealing little glances at him, only to catch his eye, flush, and look away. When they were finished, the waitress brought the check. Brianna reached for her purse, but Thomas covered her hand.

"No. It's on me."

She hesitated. On the few dates she'd gone on since Michael, she had paid her way. She could certainly afford to. "I can pay for mine."

"You can. But tonight you don't have to." His fingers slid over the backs of her knuckles, then fell away. "Drop the independent businesswoman act. I'm not patronizing you."

She hated that, she thought. Hated that he got to the heart of issues she wouldn't even acknowledge, with so few words. She closed her mouth and looked away as he left a folded stack of bills on the table, then stood and offered his hand.

She slid her palm into his. His skin against hers was electrifying, and her scalp tingled. "Thank you for everything."

"You're welcome." His grip tightened. "Does our two-week agreement mean I don't have to hold any more articles of clothing hostage if I want to see you again?"

"Depends. How long do you think it'll take you to recover from Zach's full moon serenade?"

He snorted. "Please. I'm tougher than that."

Outside the restaurant, he pulled her into his arms. She caught her breath and looked up at him. His eyes were intent on her, their heat making her melt. She could lose herself in this man, she thought. Lose herself and never come out again-and that was dangerous. So dangerous she'd kept herself from touching him all night, but now she finally let herself run her fingers over his jaw.

His five o'clock shadow scratched her fingertips. How long had it been since she'd felt a man's rough stubble? He rubbed his cheek against her palm; the velvet brown of his eyes never left her. Her heart lurched. He made her want things she'd thought long out of reach. Made her hope for something more than a life as a grieving widow.

"Want to come up to my room?" he asked, his voice raspy.

God, she wanted to. But would it be the best choice? If they wanted to see if they had something real between them, maybe they should take things slower. Not jump right into bed again. Thomas had asked for time and a chance. But she needed distance. She couldn't let herself get too invested when they didn't even know if they were going to be together two weeks from now.

"I do, but I think I shouldn't." She took a step back and squared her shoulders. "We need to see if we have something real before we do that. I owe it to myself and my kids."

He nodded. "All right."

She took a deep breath. It was harder to say no than she'd expected. Would it really be so bad to get lost in his arms again? "So what comes next?"

The struggle on his face said every word was precious. "We date each other. Take things slow."

"I have a question."

He cocked a brow. "You don't need my permission to ask one."

Well, duh. She just needed to get the nerve to ask him, since it might be a deal breaker. "If we decide, after two weeks, to take this further...will you be able to stay in Vegas? Is there a way you could move here?"

He hesitated. "They want me to take a position here permanently. I was not interested in it. But if things work out..." He shrugged, his face closed off. "Who knows? I'm not promising long-term yet. I just want to take it slow and see where it goes. All right?"

She hesitated, but he stole her chance to reply. Stole her senses when he pressed his lips to hers, slanting to meld their mouths together in a perfect lock. She shivered and twined her arms around his neck. His hand pressed to the small of her back, possessively drawing her closer. His tongue slipped into her mouth, stroking her gently, exploring with a slow, careful need. She moaned and curled her fingers in his shirt collar, tugging him closer still.

With each caress of his tongue, he seemed to pull her deeper into him, until she no longer remembered how it felt not to be in his arms. By the time he pulled away, she wasn't sure if her legs would support her. He looked down at her, his eyes heavy-lidded.

"So tell me," he whispered. "When can I see you again? We could stay in with the kids. Give me a chance to meet them. We'll tell them I'm a friend-nothing more."

She released his shirt and stepped back. She immediately missed the warmth of his arms, but the warmth of his words kept her burning inside. He actually wanted to spend time with her kids. Get to know them. Her brain screamed at her. Keep him away from her kids. Keep him away from her, until she could actually be certain of what they could be.

But her heart already hoped for what they would be and it spoke too loudly for her to ignore.

"All right," she said. "We can try that. Friday night at my place? Be prepared for a second helping of bare butt cheeks."

"Oh?"

"Oh, God. That came out wrong." She buried her face in her hands. "I didn't- I mean, not my- I meant his. Wait, that's worse." She groaned. "I'm going to shut up now."

His deep, husky laughter wrapped around her. "Yours or his. I can handle the challenge."

She had no doubt of that.

Chapter Nine

Thomas stood at the end of the pathway to Brianna's house. Deja vu all over again, only this time he wasn't waiting for Jerry Springer.

He was waiting for the earth to swallow him whole.

Kids. And he was about to spend the entire evening with them.

What the hell did he think he was doing?

He'd never wanted kids. He didn't know how to talk to children. How to make them like him. He closed his eyes. He couldn't let himself be intimidated by children. He'd have to get past this hurdle if he wanted to date Brianna. Date the mother, date her kids. That was the rule. He wasn't the type to get cold feet, so it was time to get those feet moving.

He'd almost shown up with gifts but they'd only think he was trying to buy their approval. Anyone would think that, and they'd be right. It was a cheap ploy, one that wouldn't win him any points in the long run.

This isn't a game. Get out of the marketing mindset.

And get moving.

He cursed to himself. He could do this. He headed up the walk and hit the doorbell. The door swung open almost immediately-and the entire reason he was here stood in front of him, smiling up at him with a dazzling warmth, her hair loose around her shoulders and making her look more carefree than he'd ever seen her, in a pale yellow sundress. She'd left the businesswoman at the office.

So he could leave his issues at the door.

He leaned in and kissed her cheek, breathing in her scent. "Hello, sweetheart."

"Hello." She flushed. "You smell good."

"I was just thinking the same thing."

She laughed. "You think you smell good, too?"

"Fabulous."

From over her shoulder, Zach sneered, "Why is he here? I told you I didn't want to meet him."

"And I told you to act your age and accept that he was coming whether you liked it or not," Brianna said, hands on her hips. "Mind your manners or you can forget about going to the movies with your cousin tomorrow."

Thomas hovered in the doorway. He was more out of place than a gazelle among lions-and just as vulnerable to attack. He tried a smile. It felt like his marketing smile, frozen and oily. "Hi. I'm Thomas. I'm one of your mom's work friends."

Zach rolled his eyes. "Yeah. Sure you are."

Brianna stiffened. "Zach, I swear to God, you will be-"

"-staying home if I keep it up. Yeah. I know." Zach looked Thomas up and down, then left the room, calling over his shoulder, "But it might be worth the punishment. I can catch the movie when it comes out on Netflix."

Brianna closed her eyes, her fists tight at her sides, and counted from one to five soundlessly. His amusement rose with each number. When she opened her eyes with a calm smile, he tucked her hair behind her ear.

"Feel better?"

"Not really," she said. "A little. I'm sorry. He'll be stubborn, I'm afraid. He misses his dad. Don't let it bother you."

"Don't worry about me." He pulled her into his arms. She rested her cheek on his chest. She felt so perfect against him. He was tempted to tell her-tell her how right she felt in his arms. But he couldn't. Not when he could still hear Nicole mocking him for daring to express human emotion. He took a slow breath and chose his words carefully. "I'll be fine."

"Really?"

No. "Sure."

She exhaled and pulled free from his arms, curled her fingers into the front of his shirt, dragged him down, and kissed him hungrily. He stumbled only momentarily before he crushed her in his arms-where she damned well belonged. When she dipped her tongue into his mouth, he sank deeper into her, seizing a desperate and ruthless control. God, no woman had ever kissed him like this. Wild. Hungry. Savage.

He buried his fingers into her hair and backed her against the wall. She tore free, panting. He bent to kiss her again but she stayed him with a finger to his lips.

"We can't. The kids are in the other room."

Reality hit him harder than a kick to the nuts. He forced himself to pull back. "Shit. Sorry."

"That's a bad word," a prim little girl said from the doorway. Katelyn, he guessed, with her neat blond curls and her mother's ladylike demeanor. She carried a Nintendo 3DS in her tiny hands and watched Thomas curiously. "Mama says for bad words you have to put a quarter in the swear jar."

Brianna's lips twitched at the corners. "Well...he doesn't live here, so he doesn't have to play by our rules."

The girl's face fell. "That's not fair."

"She's right. That's not fair." Thomas felt around in his pocket and withdrew a quarter. "I'll pay up. I shouldn't curse around pretty ladies."

"See, Mommy?" Katelyn smiled, her eyes bright. They were her mother's eyes, hazel and clear. "I was right. It was a bad word."

Thomas knelt before her. "Why don't you show me where the swear jar is?"

"It's in the kitchen." She offered her hand.

He curled her fingers inside his larger ones, dwarfing her. It was the strangest feeling-that tiny hand in his, trusting and fragile and soft. His heart thumped oddly. He met Brianna's gaze over Katelyn's head.

Thank you, she mouthed. He nodded.

"Let's go," he said.

Katelyn led him into the kitchen and pointed at a grape jelly jar on the counter. A hole had been cut into the lid, and a piece of paper had been taped to it. Bad Word Jar. It was spelled wrong, and the d was a b, but he got the gist. There was a surprising amount of money in the jar, and he dropped his quarter into it.

"I get to keep the money." Katelyn's chest puffed out. "It was my idea. Most of the money is from Mama, but some is from Zach. I've never had to put in money."

Thomas chuckled and knelt again. "Because you're a good girl, right?"

"Right." She beamed, her 3DS clutched tightly to her chest. "I like him, Mama."

One kid down, two to go.

"I do, too," Brianna said.

Thomas looked over his shoulder. Brianna leaned against the kitchen counter, a small smile softening her lips. His stomach tightened. He stood and wiped his hands on his jeans.

"There's a lot of money in there. Why am I not surprised you curse like a sailor?"

"Worse," she admitted with a sheepish smile. "But I'm working on it. I try to save the cursing for after they're asleep."

A young boy came into the room-had to be Cody. He eyed Thomas with disinterest. "When are we eating?"

Brianna retrieved a Domino's menu from the counter. "I'll order the pizza now."

Cody nodded. "Katelyn, come on. You were gonna play Transformers with me."

"Only if I get to be Megatron!" Katelyn followed Cody from the kitchen, but paused to wave at Thomas before leaving him alone with Brianna. Brianna glanced at him.

"Pepperoni okay? It's the only thing Cody will eat."

"Fine by me."

She called the order in. He leaned against the counter and fidgeted. He'd barely seen the kids for even a moment and already felt like he'd made a fool of himself. Katelyn seemed to like him well enough but boys were always a harder sell.

And there was no way he'd win over the mother without winning over the kids.

After Brianna hung up, she said, "Food will be here in twenty."

"All right."

He shoved his hands into his pockets and looked around the kitchen. Only one picture of Michael was in the room but it stared down at him from the wall frame. Accusing him. Mocking him. Cursing him for touching his wife. Would the man haunt him for the entire night?

Or worse...for the rest of his life?

Chapter Ten

As she poured iced tea into glasses, Brianna watched Thomas-but she wasn't really seeing him. At least, not the man who stood in her kitchen. No, she couldn't forget the momentary look of panic, masterfully hidden save for a flicker in his eyes, when he'd taken Katelyn's hand. As if he feared he'd ruin even such a simple gesture. He always seemed so certain he'd do or say the wrong thing if he wasn't schmoozing. All it took was one perceived misstep for the quiet, honest man she was coming to know to retreat behind the slick, smiling corporate mannequin.

She didn't know why he was like that, but she had a feeling it had everything to do with his ex-wife. There was a certain desperation to Thomas underneath that carefully crafted exterior. A desperation, she thought, to be understood. To understand himself. As if he was stuck in the path he'd made for himself, and unable to break free. A prisoner of his past.

Lining the glasses up on a tray, she asked, "Do you want to spend some time with the kids before dinner?"

He tensed. "Sure."

"Hey. They aren't time bombs. They won't spontaneously combust if you look at them wrong." She touched his arm. "Well, Zach might. But he'll warm up to you. Don't take it personally."

Thomas smiled briefly but his eyes had the look of a cornered animal, wild and wary. "I know."

"Then once more into the breach?"

"Looks like."

He picked up the tray and strode into the living room. She followed-and walked into a scene of chaos. Cody was on the floor, surrounded by a tumble of toys; Zach was sprawled in a chair with his iPod, shutting out the world with his earbuds. Katelyn had her face scrunched up, her eyes squeezed closed, her mouth open...and as the tears gushed down, she let out a shrieking, pitiful wail.

Brianna rushed to her side, but somehow Thomas managed to put down the tray and still get there first. He dropped to one knee next to Katelyn and, before she could take a breath for another shriek, scooped her into his arms. Brianna fought the urge to snatch her child away from him. As if he would harm Katelyn or something. But he wasn't a strange man. He was her- Okay, she didn't know what he was. But she held her breath and held back, even if it took all her willpower. She had to give him a chance.

Thomas nudged Katelyn under her chin, urging her to look at him. "Hey now, munchkin. No need for all that. What's wrong?"

"C-Cody won't let me be M-M-Megatron." She screwed up her face, looking at him with huge, pleading eyes.

Cody thrust his lower lip out with a scowl. "They're my Transformers. I can be whoever I want. And I want to be Megatron."

Brianna sighed. Damn it, she'd had this talk with Cody before. He never wanted to share and was always horrible about hoarding his toys until his sister cried. All it did was reinforce the idea that Katelyn would get her way if she cried, and Brianna had been trying to break her of that. "Young man, you-"

"That's all right," Thomas said. Brianna stared at him. What was he doing? But he only shrugged, offering Cody an easy smile. "You can be Megatron. Katelyn and I are going to play something better than Transformers."

Katelyn's eyes widened. "Better than Transformers?"

"Mmm hmm. We're going to play cops and robbers. I'll be the cop. You can be the robber."

"Robbers are big and scary," Katelyn said solemnly, sniffling.

Thomas tapped the tip of Katelyn's nose. "Just like Megatron."

The little girl's face lit up in a brilliant smile, but Cody's expression darkened. He huffed and folded his arms over his chest. "Hey! You can't play without me!"

"Since you don't want to share, you'll have to be a cop, too," Thomas said.

"I don't wanna be the good guy."

Thomas hunkered down on one knee; he set Katelyn on her feet, but she clung to him anyway with a smile that made Brianna's heart clench. "Hey, we have to be fair. How about if you're a rebel cowboy instead?"

Cody tilted his head. "Maybe..."

"You've got that tree house, right? That can be the wild, wild west."

"Yeah, I guess so." Cody shrugged and looked away.

Katelyn giggled and ran at him, flapping her arms like a cape. "You'd better run! I'm gonna get you!"

"You are such a dork," he said, rolling his eyes-but he dropped his Transformers and sprinted for the door, Katelyn's shrieking laughter nearly overriding his attempt to growl, "Why so serious?"

Thomas stood, watching them go with a rather odd look. Brianna stared at him. She couldn't believe he'd just stepped in and took control over the situation. Part of her wanted to be angry. He'd taken over when she should have been disciplining her children. Cody should be in his room until dinner, and she should have been the one to hug Katelyn's tears away. But her children were happy and he'd brought them to a truce with a minimum of tears and sulking. Oh, she wanted to be angry, but how much of that was the fact that he'd infringed on her territory, and how much was the fact that she, just like her son, didn't like to share?

Is that the real reason I've been keeping people at a distance?

He caught her eye and quirked a brow. She looked away. "How did you know exactly what to say?"

"Younger sister." He sank down on the couch. "You get used to it."

"Ah." One more grudgingly vouchsafed bit of information. One more piece of the personal puzzle that was Thomas. And one more reminder that he didn't want to talk about his family, from his clipped tone and tight posture. Brianna sighed and changed the subject. "I worry about them in that tree house. Michael first built it for Zach. I'm not exactly handy enough to maintain it; it's falling apart."

"I'll take a look at it this weekend. I can swing a hammer."

"Cody will love you forever. Or at least until he outgrows it."

He stretched his arm along the back of the couch and fixed her with a pointed look. Was she supposed to take that as an invitation?

He was still watching her. Waiting. She gathered her dignity and, with as much poise as she could manage, sat down next to him, somewhat within his embrace. A breath later his arm hooked around her and hauled her close against his side, fitting her snugly against the comfortable strength of his body.

"Oh!" She steadied her hands against his chest and looked up. Her nose bumped his chin. His lips were so close and her mouth throbbed with the memory of the kiss only a few minutes ago. "You're supposed to be outside playing."

"I'll go out in a second."

Zach made a disgusted sound. "Are you two done being lame? When is dinner going to be here?"

Brianna broke away quickly. "Don't take that tone, young man."

"Whatever. I'll be in my room." He unfolded himself from the chair and stalked toward the stairs.

"You want to kick the ball around later?" Thomas called after him.

"Fuck off," drifted down from the second floor, followed by the slam of a door.

"Swear jar," Thomas said mildly and Brianna burst into laughter.

"Stop making me laugh. I'm supposed to be angry and taking him to task."

"He gets a free pass on that one. Next one, I'll make him wash my car. With a toothbrush."

"Military tactics." She sighed and settled back against him. "I'm starting to think he might need that. Without his father, discipline has been nearly impossible."

"He probably needs to feel like you're his friend. Not his mother."

The odd note in his voice prompted her to look up at him. His face was closed, and he looked across the living room with darkened eyes.

"What do you mean?" she asked.

"I mean...when there's only one parent, there's no good cop, bad cop." His voice was almost too quiet. "There's only you and them against the world. He needs to feel like you're on his side, because when you're his enemy, there's no other parent to turn to."

She touched his cheek. "How do you know that?"

"My dad wasn't around, either." He seemed to snap from his trance, and looked down at her with a bitter quirk to his mouth. "He never had much of an excuse for his absence. Didn't even bother to try."

She wanted so much to kiss him until that hard set to his mouth softened and warmed, until the old, angry pain in his eyes eased-because she didn't know what else to do. If she said anything, he'd only withdraw from her and shut off again.

The doorbell rang. They jerked apart. Thomas's eyes cleared, blanking over with practiced ease, and he stood. "I'll get it."

Damn it all to hell. One of these days she'd get to the heart of this man without a million inconvenient interruptions.

She pried herself off the couch and hurried after him. "You're not paying again. This one's on me. You go play for a minute while I set up for dinner."

"But I want to pay."

She bit back a smile. He sounded like a petulant little boy. "So do I."

"Well, since I don't want to argue with you tonight..." He stepped aside. "I'll go chase your kids until they're too tired to run anymore."

She chuckled. "Go for it."

He nodded and slipped out the back door. She fished her wallet out of her purse and dug out a twenty. Michael's face stared up at her from the wallet's photo slot, his eyes serious.

She dropped it, her throat aching. What would Michael think of Thomas? Would he have liked him? Would he have wanted her to spend the rest of her life alone, or would he have wanted her to move on? To find happiness again?

She closed her purse, shutting her worries and fears inside. For now, the only thing she should be worrying about was pizza.

The kids were all upstairs.

It was the first time they'd been alone in hours. Thomas was in the kitchen putting away the dishes. Brianna hovered in the living room and watched him from the darkness. He'd rolled his sleeves up to his biceps and he moved with a grace and surety that made her long to touch him.

They'd said they'd take things slow, so she would. But she still burned to be in his arms. Burned to feel his lips on her skin.

"I can see you, you know," he murmured. "I have amazing night vision."

She chuckled and walked into the kitchen. "Do you wear a spandex costume, too?"

"Only in the bedroom. It turns me on."

"There is something very damned wrong inside your mind."

"Swear jar."

She rolled her eyes. "It doesn't count when they're asleep."

"Oh really?" He wiped his hands on a dishtowel and turned to face her. "Says who?"

"Says me. I'm the boss here."

"Hmm." He crossed the room, his gaze burning. "Is that so?"

"Yes. It is."

He bent so that his lips brushed her ear. His low, throaty whisper teased her. "And what does the boss want me to do next?"

Everything. Anything. As long as you're touching me. "She wants you to kiss her."

He picked her up, set her on the counter, and insinuated his body between her legs-so close, but not close enough. He caressed her thighs, sending pings of hunger skyrocketing through her body. She curled his shirt into her hands and clenched them into fists, tugging him closer.

"I think that's an order I can accommodate," he said, and threaded his fingers into her hair. He nibbled her lower lip-a sharp nip, before he licked the sting away and captured her lips. Their tongues twined. His fingers stroked her tingling scalp. Desire pooled in her stomach, sending a jolt of need to her core. She rubbed her heat against him, moaning into his mouth.

His hand slid free from her hair. His touch roved down her shoulders, over her br**sts. He toyed with her ni**les through her dress, but it felt as if he'd stripped her naked, touching bare skin instead of fabric. The need he roused in her was too strong and refused to be ignored.

He grasped her bottom and pulled her tighter against his body. She rocked her hips against him and dug her nails into his chest through his shirt. "Fuck, Brianna," he hissed, and tipped her back against the counter, rattling the dishes in the drying tray. Suddenly his lips were on hers again, and his fingers roughly pushed her dress up. She arched her back with a desperate anticipation, knowing his fingers would soon ease the empty ache inside of her.

His fingers brushed against her, and she shuddered with a low moan. Such a light touch and she was already ready for him, wet and aching, her body clenching with the need to feel him. His gaze burned into her with a possessive wildness that forced her to turn her face away. The desire in every look was too much, his eyes nearly black with need. Too much to believe that she could rouse any man to such heights, let alone this one.

But then he hissed and jerked back, his breathing harsh. She went stiff, staring up at him in confusion. Dear God, what had she been doing? No wonder he-

"Someone's coming," he said, and she dropped a good ten bucks' worth for the swear jar as she tumbled off the counter, smoothed her dress, and tried to calm her racing breath. Thomas cursed and looked around quickly, then stood off to the side to lean against the counter casually. And damned if he didn't pull it off, too. She, meanwhile, probably looked a wreck.

Katelyn walked in, her teddy bear clutched in her arms. Brianna smoothed her hair and plastered a smile on her face. She shouldn't have even bothered. Her daughter wasn't here for her. Katelyn didn't even look Brianna's way when she asked, "Can Thomas tuck me in?"

Brianna couldn't even answer. Her face was so hot she felt dizzy. She'd almost been caught nearly having sex on the kitchen counter-by her youngest child. What kind of mother did that? What was she turning into?

"Sure, I can tuck you in," Thomas said, his voice far too even. "If it's okay with your mom."

He squatted down beside Katelyn, his motions perfectly steady and calm. While she, on the other hand, could barely stand up. Not. Fair. Wasn't he affected at all? Or was this wholly one-sided? He looked like he hadn't even been touching her, let alone driving her insane with want next to a half-empty box of Cocoa Puffs.

She studied him closely. No heat in his eyes, no hint of vulnerability. Just the mask he showed the world. How long would he keep that mask up around her? Or was he so stuck in the role that he'd never wholly let it go?

"Sure." She wrapped her arms around herself and nodded, even though she had already said yes. Her head felt heavier than usual. As if the mere effort of nodding was too much strain for her neck. "You can tuck her in, and then go home."

He shot her a look, then offered Katelyn his hand. "Come on, Princess. Let's get you in bed."

He left the kitchen, hand in hand with Katelyn. Brianna followed with leaden steps, but when they entered Katelyn's room, she hovered in the hallway and eavesdropped without a hint of guilt, watching just past the doorframe. This was her daughter-and Thomas was still practically a stranger.

"Are you going home now?" Katelyn asked.

"Yeah, I think so." Thomas sat on the bed and patted the mattress. "But I'll tuck you in before I leave."

"Can you come over again soon?" Katelyn climbed into bed and pointed at the corner of the room, where her pink plastic tea set was almost permanently in residence. Stuffed animals sat at each place setting. Two spots were empty. "I want to play tea party with you. See? I left you a spot."

Thomas looked at the tea set and swallowed hard. His face was soft, the tight set to his lips easing. His guard was down and if he wasn't careful Katelyn would worm her way right into his heart. She was good at that.

If only Brianna was so sure of her own ability to slip past his defenses.

Thomas smiled. "Sure."

"Good." Katelyn yawned. "Can you be my new daddy? Mine's in heaven."

Brianna's heart stopped beating for a brief second, and then sped up painfully at Katelyn's words. Did she miss having a father in her life so badly that she would ask anyone to take his place? Had Brianna somehow failed her children? And what would Thomas say to that?

She blinked away the tears and stifling pain to watch. His eyes widened and the moonlight reflected off his pale cheeks through the window. Brianna thought for certain that he'd stammer something and back out, then run for the door and out of her life as quickly as possible. But he took a deep breath and brushed Katelyn's hair back from her face.

"He may be in heaven but that doesn't mean your daddy doesn't still love you very much." Thomas tucked her in, kissed her forehead, and smoothed the bedspread around her shoulders. "Good night."

He stood, eyes locked on the picture of Michael on Katelyn's nightstand. Picking it up with an unsteady hand, he studied it closely, then set it down. He turned and left the room, but froze when he nearly ran into Brianna in the hall. She hardly saw him. She was choking on her own tears, nearly blind. Their salt taste was bitter. Too bitter.

He stared at her, then reached out and drew her close. "Hey." He wiped her cheeks dry, then cupped them in his hands. "Are you all right?"

She nodded and bit her lip. Over Thomas's shoulder, Michael stared down at them, holding a baby Katelyn in his arms. His blue eyes shone brightly with happiness, and his ruffled brown hair-that he'd passed down to Zach-was in desperate need of a trim. But he looked so happy. Who would have guessed that just a few months later, he'd be dead? Who would have thought he'd be nothing but a memory and Katelyn would move on enough to ask another man to be her daddy?

Her daughter needed a father, badly.

And Brianna needed someone, too. Someone to hold her up when she was ready to fall. Someone who could take on some of the burden of keeping this family together, so that some days she could walk away from work and say, I need to get home to my kids. She took care of them well enough, but sometimes she felt she still didn't give them the actual care they needed. Being a working mom sucked on her own. She tried to be everything to them but she could only spread herself so far.

How long had it been since she'd sat down to tea with Katelyn? She couldn't even remember. So why should she waste the time she could spend with her kids on this useless, empty dalliance without even knowing if he would stay in Vegas or not? She wasn't interested in the long-distance relationship he had alluded to once. Her kids deserved better than an absentee stand-in of Michael. They deserved someone who would be there, day in and day out.

Michael had always volunteered for night duty with Katelyn. Every morning Brianna would find him on the couch with her, the tiny baby asleep on his chest, tucked in with her father. He would smile at her, his eyes sleepy, when she woke him up for work. He'd smile sleepily and ask her why he would want to go work in a crummy accounting office when he had a slice of heaven in his arms.

He'd been such a good father.

She bit back a sob. Her gaze latched onto the photo. "You should go now. It's been a long day."

He looked over his shoulder. His back stiffened. He looked back at Brianna, his face etched with hard lines. "He would have wanted you to move on, Brianna."

"Don't. You didn't know him." She backed away. "I...I need to be alone now. I'm sorry, but I need to think."

"Okay." Thomas's mouth set in a hard line, but he dropped a tender kiss on her head as he passed. His hand squeezed hers, lingering. He walked away but didn't release her hand completely until he was out of her reach. "I'll call you tomorrow."

He walked down the hallway, out of her sight. She didn't know if she wanted to chase him down or push him away and tell him never to come back. Nor did she know if she wanted to cling to a memory, certain and safe-or take a risk on something new. Someone new. Someone whose loss could destroy her.

Just as much as Michael's.

Chapter Eleven

If he ended up in front of her door like this one more time, Thomas was going to set up camp on the doorstep.

Five days of dead silence. Five days when she wouldn't answer his calls, and he'd been ready to call it off. He'd only chase her so far before something had to give. He'd kept himself busy finalizing the details for the Golden Hand Casino marketing package but not so busy he hadn't noticed that even her e-mails came from her assistant.

Not from her.

Maybe mixing business with pleasure really had been a bad idea.

He had been knee-deep in mid-week paperwork earlier today when she'd called him and invited him over for dinner. Her voice had been strange, deliberately glib. Why? And why had she even bothered to call him? He'd started to think they were over. She didn't want him with her kids, trying to take their father's place.

But he'd never try to replace Michael. Michael was their father. Thomas could be their friend and her support, but he didn't know how to be a father. And it wasn't his right to try.

But he didn't know how to make Brianna understand that.

Hell, he didn't even know how to talk to kids. For the past few days, he'd brooded over Katelyn's tea set and those two empty places. She'd been waiting for him to come play with her. Was she upset that he hadn't? He clenched his fists. Tonight, even if Brianna sent him packing, he would sit down and have a tea party with Katelyn. He wouldn't break his promise to the little angel.

He raised his hand to the door, then stopped and let it fall. In the side yard, Zach was kicking a soccer ball, maneuvering it between and around two posts staked into the ground. The boy clearly didn't like him, wanted nothing to do with him, but Thomas couldn't help empathizing with him. Zach probably felt the weight of his father's absence the most and felt the need to be the man of the household.

That was a lot of weight to carry on skinny thirteen-year-old shoulders. Thomas had tried to shoulder that weight himself once and had made a strange little family for Erica, Jeremy, and himself-until he'd been stupid enough to tear it apart with false accusations.

Thomas stepped off the porch and into the yard. The ball rolled to his feet. He stopped it with the toe of his boot, his heart thundering in his ears. "Hey. Think you can block me?"

Zach glowered, his mouth set tight, but he backed up across the expanse of the yard and positioned himself between the two posts. Thomas kicked the ball a few feet across the grass, then drew back and punted it hard. It whistled through the air, toward the two posts. Zach dove and smacked it away sharply. Not even the dim dusk could hide the surprised look Zach shot at Thomas.

"You kick all right for an ugly old dude."

So he wanted to trash talk? Thomas could do that. "Which one are you again? Oh, right. Zach. Sorry, I didn't recognize you with your pants up."

Zach's cheeks suffused with red. "You'd think by now you'd get the point and stop coming around," Zach snapped. "But here you are. Back again."

He kicked the soccer ball at Thomas. Hard. Thomas managed to block it with his shin and herded it to a stop with both feet, but it stung. "So you want to play like that, huh?"

Thomas kicked the soccer ball back. "A bit of bare skin won't scare me away."

Zach blocked it with ease. "Guess I'll have to try harder." He kicked the ball back with even more force than before.

The impact of the ball against his legs hurt like hell but Thomas wouldn't give the boy the satisfaction of showing it. Zach might look small but he had one hell of a kick.

"You can try to scare me off but I happen to like your mom. A lot."

He winged the ball back. Maybe this was what they needed. A one-on-one. Man to man.

Zach narrowed his eyes and intercepted the ball. Thomas widened his stance and braced for the stinging pain.

"You want to screw her and then leave her, you mean?"

Fury and shock punched Thomas in the gut. His vision reddened. How dare the little jackass insinuate that he was only here to get laid? Zach hauled back and let loose.

"Now you listen to-" Pain exploded over his eye, turning the red fury into nothingness. He couldn't see a single thing except blackness and pulsing starbursts. Son of a bitch, the kid had probably given him a black eye. He heard the house door bang open and footsteps running to his side.

"Oh my God, are you okay?" Brianna cried. She pulled his hands down from his face and peered into his eyes. "Hold still. You might have a concussion."

He blinked rapidly. His entire face throbbed. As his vision cleared, he caught Zach's eye. The boy snickered behind his hand and turned away. Thomas clenched his teeth and focused on Brianna again.

"I'm fine," he managed. "A little ice and a few Advil would be nice, though."

"What happened?' she asked, then shot her son a look. "Did you do this on purpose?"

Zach froze. "So what if I did? He's annoying."

"Zachary, go to your room. No-first call Joey and tell him you can't make the game tomorrow, then go to your room." Brianna planted her hands on her hips, back straight and stiff. "I'm very disappointed in you. What would your father think about your behavior?"

Zach seemed to snap at her words. Anger tinged every word he spat out. "He'd be happy! This loser has no right coming into our lives. Taking you from Dad. Trying to play soccer with me. Who the hell asked him to do that?"

"Room. Now. Put a quarter in the swear jar on the way." Brianna lifted her chin. "I invited him here and I'll continue to do so whether you like it or not. Now go to your room."

The boy glowered at Thomas one last time before stomping into the house and slamming the door shut behind him. Brianna's shoulders slumped. She returned to Thomas's side with a sigh.

"I'm so sorry for this. How bad is it?"

"It's fine. Really." He paused. "Don't be too angry with him. I get why he feels that way. He doesn't want to see you with anyone but his father."

Zach was likely angry, confused, and bitter, Thomas thought. It was normal. But he needed to learn to express those feelings in healthier ways.

Ways that didn't leave Thomas with a black eye.

"His reasons don't make it acceptable," she said. Her fingers brushed gently over his face, searching. He could tell her exactly where it hurt...but then she might stop touching him. "Do you still want to come in?"

"Yes, I do. I told you a surly teen won't scare me away." Or your hot-and-cold behavior. "As long as you want me here and keep me readily stocked with painkillers, I'm coming in."

A hint of a smile softened her face. "In that case, follow me. We'll get you some ice."

She captured his hand, her skin warm against his, and led him inside. Once she got him settled on the couch, she hurried into the kitchen. Thomas leaned back against the cushions, smiling despite his aching face. This was so domestic-an angry teen, a doting mother. Almost like he was part of the family.

A man could get used to this.

Brianna returned and scooted next to him on the couch. Sighing, she pressed the blue ice pack to his brow, her eyes locked on him. "You're going to bruise pretty badly."

He brushed his fingers down her cheek. "Worth it."

Something flickered across her face. Something he couldn't make out. With a muttered curse, she lurched to her feet and headed back toward the kitchen. "I'll get you some Advil."

"Thanks," he called, but she was already gone.

Why was she retreating from him? Whenever he seemed to get too close, to become too much a part of her life, she pulled away. He'd thought she wanted this-wanted something more than a brief fling. Wanted someone who could be a partner, stable and steady, and worthy of being in her kids' lives. He was trying to be that for the short time he would be here. Then they could try a long-distance relationship or something like that. Hell, maybe he would even accept the position out here if things went well. But to know that? She had to let him in.

Maybe she'd decided Thomas Jones, f**ked-up marketing executive, wasn't worthy.

He stilled. That thought hurt more than the throbbing in his skull, and that was saying a hell of a lot. How had this woman come to matter so much to him in so little time?

And if he was honest with himself, was he all of the things she wanted for her and her kids?

She returned with a tumbler of whiskey and two pills. Her mouth quirked wryly as she handed both over. "I figured this would work better than water."

"You figured right." He popped the pills and washed them down with the alcohol. The burning sensation slid down his throat and into his chest, easing the headache...if not the heartache. "Thanks."

"So what did Zach say?"

Thomas nearly choked on the last sip of his drink. "What?"

Her mouth set. "You heard me. You told me you played through college. I doubt you'd miss an easy pass, so what did he say to make you miss it?"

No way. She didn't need to know this one. "Don't worry about it. It's between the two of us."

Her jaw tightened. "Thomas..."

"It's fine. I'll handle it." He pressed the ice tighter to his eye and grimaced. "Don't worry about him, either. Kid can kick."

"I know he can. I'm just pissed you had to find out with your face. And don't tell me-swear jar. I know." She frowned. "I'll put a whole damned twenty in there if you tell me what he said."

"It's between us," he repeated. "If I'm going to be a part of your life, you have to trust me. If you don't trust me enough to handle the situation, then maybe I shouldn't be here."

Fury ignited in her gaze, bright and snapping. "Oh? And how did your marriage work out, again?"

He tensed. "That has nothing to do with this and you know it."

"I'm not so sure about that."

"My marriage ended because she cheated on me with anything that moved and flaunted it in my face. Liked it, even." He slammed his glass down on the table, angry at the impotence he'd felt creeping up on him without warning. "I think she got off on it. On seeing me suffer."

She reached for his hand, her eyes soft. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have pressed you. It's just hard for me to let go in these situations. You're asking me to trust you, but you won't trust me enough to talk about this stuff openly. He's my son and I'm used to disciplining him on my own."

He paused. If she let him, he could be here for her. If she stopped pushing him so damn hard, he would be able to steady his course. He sighed and captured her hand, lifting it to his lips to press a kiss to the center of her palm. "We're down to less than a week to try and see if we have something worth fighting for, Bree. After that time is up, we'll have to evaluate things. See where we stand. But I'm here now. If you stop pushing me away for the rest of my time here, I'll try to stop being a closed book."

"O-oh. Then...I mean, if you definitely want to be here, I'll try to..."

There she went, getting shy and flustered again. He lingered on the curve of her lashes as they swept to her cheeks; he wanted to kiss her, tumble her back to the couch and finish what they'd started days ago, but he needed to prove to her-and himself-that he wasn't only thinking with the head between his legs.

He cupped her cheek and smiled. Trailing his hand over her shoulder, he traced a line over the swell of her br**sts. "I'll try, too. And while I'm trying, I'll be doing my best to keep my hands to myself. Have I told you how sexy you look tonight?"

"No, but thank you. It's hard for me, too. But I don't want to rush and-"

He dropped a kiss on her lips, keeping it soft. Even the tame kiss sent shards of need piercing through him. He pulled back reluctantly. "I know."

Her cheeks flushed a fetching pink, and her mouth twitched into a half smile. She pulled her hand from his and touched the outer edge of his eye gingerly. "I'm sorry you had to be a casualty of this particular war. Zach and I have been dueling for days."

"Let me have a talk with him and let him know it's not okay. We'll never work this out if we don't communicate. Don't think about it anymore, all right?"

He draped his arm across her shoulders and tugged her close. She tensed. Her gaze fell on the empty glass, and she shrugged loose. "Would you like more?"

"No, I'm fine. Thanks." He sighed and let his arm drop to his side.

She was hardly even paying attention to him. Her gaze focused somewhere else-somewhere he didn't belong. He followed her line of sight. A picture of her husband rested over the fireplace. The man stared back at him like he always did: condescending and filled with disapproval. It was only a picture, but to Thomas that weight was always there.

He looked away from the picture and shifted uncomfortably on the couch. On the end table next to him was a picture he hadn't seen before. A teenaged couple dressed for prom. He picked it up and studied it. The boy looked like Michael, which meant the adorable, curvy girl was...

Brianna snatched the portrait from his hand and clutched it tight to her chest, her face nearly purple. "Don't look at that."

He pried it from her fingers. "Why not?"

"Because I look horrible. Michael loved this picture, so I had to keep it out. After he died, it felt...wrong to put it away."

Like hell. Even back then, she'd been lovely. He held the picture under her nose. "Look again. Not horrible. Gorgeous."

She stared at him. "Are we looking at the same picture? Are we even on the same planet?"

"Yes." He set the picture down carefully, putting it exactly where it had been.

She stared at him, her eyes brimming. "I won't lie-he's still in my head and in my heart. I'll always miss him and always love him."

God, could she twist the knife any deeper? Damn it all to hell. He'd been a fool pining for a woman who still loved a dead man. "I get it. I do. It's fine. You don't need to say anything else."

"But I do." Her voice was heavy. "I still feel for him, yes. I always will. But now you're here and it's all jumbling up in my head until I forget what I feel. What I should feel."

Thomas reached out to clasp her hands. "There is no should. There's only what you do feel. It's all right to move on. I can't speak for Michael but I know I'd want you to be happy."

"I know. I know he would want me to be happy." She closed her eyes tightly and clutched his fingers hard enough to hurt. "It's just confusing. I never expected or hoped to find anyone else."

She was being so honest and open, and he should do the same. But talking about his past mistakes didn't come easily to him. He'd spent his whole adult life bottling those things up deep inside of him, leashed and locked behind steel doors. But maybe he should have been dealing with his f**ked-up past instead of ignoring it. Maybe it was time to grow up and stop hiding his pain from everyone.

With Brianna, at least, it seemed as if he could actually do that. She made him want to change. To be better. She deserved better.

He swallowed past his aching throat. "I know the feeling. I got it wrong the first time and figured there was no point in bothering again when the first time was a mistake. I..." He shook his head. "But it wasn't. It was a lesson. I chose the wrong person to give my heart to. I don't think I'll make that mistake twice."

Her death grip slowly eased. "But I went too fast. Isn't that a mistake? I should have waited to introduce you to the kids. Taken it slower. I don't want to rush you."

"You didn't. I'm only here for less than a week now. I'm happy where I am."

She looked up at him, her eyes vulnerable, open. Open for him. God help him, he couldn't let her down. And he couldn't resist any longer; he needed to touch her. To have her. He leaned close, yet stopped a breath from claiming her. A breath from tasting her. A breath of space, if she needed it.

"Are you happy when I'm here?" he whispered.

"I am," she said and pulled him close. "It's why I called you. I missed you, Thomas."

Victory surged through his blood. She had actually missed him. If it was even a fraction of the amount he had missed her, then there was hope for them. Knowing this made his hunger for her even more intense. When her lips touched his, the impact rocked through him like a firestorm. The sweet taste of her lips made him ache. He savored her, pulled her closer, clutched her against him. The ice bag tumbled to the floor but he didn't give a damn. Right now she was all the medicine he needed and as long as she kept kissing him like this, he'd be just fine.

His hands trailed down her arms as he delved deeper, possessing her thoroughly. His heart beat a rapid staccato. Her whimper urged him on. A surge of need washed over him. He needed to be with her in every way, or he'd explode.

Footsteps crept down the stairs. Thomas and Brianna broke apart like naughty children caught in the act. Brianna's cheeks were flushed, her lips swollen and damp. Thomas avoided having to make another donation to the swear jar in the nick of time and adjusted his much-too-tight jeans.

Katelyn came around the stairwell, caught sight of him, and beamed. She was dressed all in pink and Thomas couldn't help smiling.

"Hey, Princess."

"Thomas the Tank Engine!"

He met Brianna's eyes over Katelyn's head and mouthed, Thomas the Tank Engine?

Don't ask, she mouthed back, barely repressing laughter.

Katelyn hopped onto the couch and scooted between them like a tiny chaperone. "Can we have our tea party now?"

"Sure. As long as your mommy doesn't mind."

"Go for it," Brianna said.

Thomas lingered with a last fond touch to Brianna's hair, then followed Katelyn upstairs into her room. The tea set was still laid out, the settings perfectly in place. "Has this been waiting all this time?"

"Uh-huh." She nodded, looking up at him with serious eyes. "I didn't want to play tea until you could come over again."

Thomas's stomach flipped. Knowing she waited for him, without a doubt that he would follow through with his promise, hit him in the gut like a fist. What if he hadn't come? Would she have waited forever for him to return? The mere idea settled on his shoulders like a weight. "Thank you."

She handed him a cup of tea and sat down, primly arranging her skirt. "Do you like milk in your tea?"

"Yes, please." He held his cup out and let her fill it with imaginary tea and milk, her tiny hands tipping the pink teapot. When she finished, he held his pinkie straight up, lifted the cup to his mouth, and pretended to drink. "Ow! It's hot."

"Of course it is, silly. It's tea." She covered her mouth and giggled, her eyes dancing. "Blow on it like this." She puckered her lips and blew on her cup.

Thomas did the same and took another sip. "Much better. You're smart and pretty."

"Mama says that, too." She fidgeted in her chair. "Can Daddy have tea with us, too?"

"Sure. Want me to get his picture?"

"I got it!" She skipped across the room, snagged the photo, skipped back, forcefully ejected a bunny from its seat, and set her father's picture down in the chair. "There. Now we're all here."

Thomas's throat went dry. He wanted nothing more than to sweep Katelyn in his arms and promise to be the best man he could be. For her. "He needs tea. Does he like milk, too?"

"Yes." She pretended to pour milk into the cup, then faltered and bit her lip. "I think he does, anyway."

"He does," Brianna said, leaning in the doorway with a tender smile on her lips and unshed tears shining in her eyes. "And sugar."

"Come have tea with us, Mama."

Brianna moved a teddy bear, sank into the chair next to Thomas, and rested her hand on his knee. "Thank you."

Cody leaned into the room, his face incredulous. "Dude. Are you playing tea party? With the girls?"

Thomas nodded. "It's good tea. Want some?"

"Uh." Cody backed up, going pale. "No. I'm okay."

When he fled the room like his ass was on fire, Thomas laughed and turned back to Brianna. She watched him intently, gaze clouded, then leaned in and kissed him. Gently, but it was still in front of Katelyn, and Thomas nearly dropped his teacup.

"I like when you laugh," she said. "You don't do it enough."

He brushed a finger down her cheek, unable to put into words the way she made him feel. His pulse pounded in his ears. Nicole had always told him he was annoying when he laughed. He laughed too loud or too much. He hadn't realized it until now but that had stuck with him. Her cruel words had shaped him more than he'd realized.

"I never had much to laugh about before," he said. "Not until you."

"Smile." Katelyn held a little pink camera up and aimed it at them. "I want a picture of our tea party."

They smiled and said "cheese." Katelyn snapped the picture, then squinted at it.

Brianna leaned in and whispered, "It's probably a great shot of our laps."

"I'll take that picture," he whispered back.

She laughed and nudged him with her shoulder. "You're incorrigible, no matter what you say."

"For the things that matter, I am." When he looked into her eyes, he felt laid bare. The feeling was almost frightening, this raw openness, as if he'd lost any hope of hiding. "And you're high up on that list."

She smiled and kissed him one more time, then looked at Katelyn. "Is the picture good?"

"One more time." Katelyn snapped the picture before they had a chance to pose. "Perfect. It's the bestest I've ever taken."

"Can we see it?" Thomas asked.

"No." She tucked the camera away with a smug smile. "Not yet."

"Okay. Are you hungry?" Brianna asked.

"Yes!" Katelyn bounced. "Is Thomas staying for dinner? Please?"

"Sure. As long as Thomas is okay with pizza again. I promised Cody."

"And I promised Cody I'd work on his tree house." Thomas stood. "I think I'll take a hack at that until dinner."

"I'll help!" Katelyn beamed. "Let's go downstairs and find some tools."

She grabbed both Thomas's and Brianna's hands and led them out into the hallway, but Thomas tugged free.

"I'll be right down," he said, and watched his girls skip down the stairs.

Then he went back into the bedroom, picked up the picture of Michael, and set it back in its rightful place by Katelyn's bed. "I'm sorry you aren't here anymore but I'll do my best to make them happy." He stared at the picture, as if he was actually waiting for an answer from the beyond, and then left the room feeling a little bit more welcome than he had before.

...

Two days later, Brianna curled up against Thomas's side. He still smelled like fresh pine and a hint of sweat. She'd watched him into the early evening as he put in a new floor for the tree house, after treating Katelyn to ice cream on an impromptu trip to the hardware store. He'd seemed so easy and sure of himself out there working with his hands, balancing on the tree's branches with an agile grace that made her want him all over again. By the time he'd come in, he'd been dirty and covered in bark, nothing like the slick executive she'd met over lunch in the restaurant.

But every inch like her Thomas.

He hit play on the remote and wrapped his arms around her. She snuggled closer and murmured, "I bet this isn't how you envisioned your Friday nights in Vegas when you asked me out the first time."

He chuckled and hugged her close, his lips on her temple. "Nope, but I like it. Vegas is all party and booze. I like this quiet home life better."

Hope surged in her chest. She opened her mouth, about to promise him the world if he would only stay with her and take the job in the Vegas office, but she closed it just as quickly. He had to make that decision on his own. She wouldn't give him any pressure or place any thoughts in his head. Their time was running out, but she wouldn't say a single word about that.

She'd just...be happy. Not stress over the future for once. "I thought Katelyn would never fall asleep tonight. Why is it that the two oldest kids fell asleep before the little one?"

He chuckled. "She's too excited about the playground tomorrow for sleep."

"I know. Especially since you're coming, too."

"Are you kidding? You said we could have ice cream. I wouldn't miss this for anything."

"Watch it with the ice cream. That's half the reason she wouldn't go to sleep tonight."

"She asked for cookies and cream. How could I say no to that face?"

Brianna groaned. "She owns you already. Don't give in to that face. It's pure evil."

"It's pure adorable." Thomas paused. "I'm...I'm not used to this. This family thing. Any of it. I-I kind of screwed things up with my own family."

"With Nicole? She was an idiot."

He fell silent, staring at the TV; its babbling nonsense noise was too loud between them. Brianna took the remote from him and stopped the movie. The look on his face was painful, a wretched struggle that said he wanted so much to go further but couldn't. Not without her help.

She rested her hand on his chest. "You have a sister," she said-prompting him quietly. He'd refused to talk about his sister before. Maybe he would now that they'd spent more time together. He seemed to like it here with her-and she liked having him here. All of him.

"Yeah. Erica." He looked at Brianna, then looked away again, focusing on the wall. "It was just me and her growing up. Our parents were always busy, but we looked out for each other. Jeremy, too."

"Who is Jeremy?"

"Her husband. He was my best friend. I guess he is again." He gave a little shrug, but the tenseness of his body gave away the motion as a cover-up. "I don't know why he would want to be my friend, though."

Her heart twisted at the look of abject failure on his face. "Do you want to tell me what happened?"

"No," he said sharply, then stopped. He practically deflated, sighing and giving her an apologetic glance. "Yes."

She only smiled and leaned into him. This moment was fragile, and she wouldn't pressure him. He'd only close up. Instead she let him take his time; she could almost see the wheels turning behind his eyes, thoughts gathering. Finally, he took a deep breath and began.

"I'm still not completely sure how Jeremy and I became friends. We got in a fight over something in junior high, beat each other up...and became best friends in the way only boys could be. We were different in a lot of ways. Yet the same." He let out a brief laugh. "He didn't have much family, either. So we were like brothers. But Erica...I think they fell in love the moment they met, even when she was still young enough to be following me around calling me Tommy."

"Tommy," she repeated, arching a brow.

He winced. "Yeah. I hated it. Still do. She still calls me Tommy. So does Jeremy." The smile on his lips was fond, distant. "I guess while they were busy falling in love, so was I. With Nicole. We were stupid. Got married at eighteen. I was so love-blind that I let her mold me into the man she wanted. I got the job she wanted. Bought the house she wanted. Did anything and everything she wanted, even turning a blind eye to the men she brought home when I wasn't there. And there were a lot of them."

Brianna's breath caught. How could any woman do that to someone who loved her-who was capable of the kind of raw, real love that even now she could hear in Thomas's voice? "I'm so sorry," she whispered.

"I'm not. It's what gave me the courage to walk away from her and realize how miserable I really was. But not before I screwed a lot of things up." Pain hardened his voice. He looked away from Brianna and stared fixedly at the wall. Each word was clipped, forced. "She said she'd slept with Jeremy. Worse, that he'd forced her. That was back when I was still making excuses for her, when she'd pretend to be sweet and swear she'd never do it again. Deep down, I didn't believe her. But I reacted badly. I beat the hell out of Jeremy and told him never to come back to my house. Our friendship ended the way it began...only he didn't hit back. He just looked at me, like I'd taken the most important thing in the world from him."

His fist was clenching and unclenching against his knee, as if remembering every blow. He looked down at it, staring at it as if it was somehow to blame. "I guess I had," he murmured. "Erica and I were his real family. And he loved her so much."

"You didn't know," she whispered, her heart breaking for him.

"But I should have." He lifted his head, pinning her down with his stare. "I should have seen it. I should have known he wouldn't touch her. He hated her. Everyone did but me. I wised up and split with Nicole a few days later, but it was too late. He was gone. I sent him away and he joined the Marines soon after our fight. I wanted to write to him so many times, but I didn't."

She wanted so much to hold him. Draw him against her bosom and just cradle him close, stroke his hair, soothe him. But he was still so tense. "But they're married now," she offered. "So it couldn't have been that bad."

"Maybe," he allowed. "But it wouldn't have happened if not for pure coincidence. He was walking down a desert road with a killer hangover and a few bruises, and she found him. Brought him home with her. Fate gave them a second chance. Not me." Finally, he met her eyes. The struggle in his had been replaced by something she thought might be relief-and again that plea for understanding that she'd seen so often before. Had Nicole understood him so little? "Not everyone gets a second chance handed to them. I want to make my own. Do what I want, not what someone else wants for me."

What someone else wants for me. Like a family. A future together, with three children that weren't even his own.

In that moment, she was tempted to run away again. Protect her heart from his inevitable departure. But if she did that, she'd be shutting him out of her life the same way she'd shut everyone out of her life when she'd turtled up and turned into a protective Mama Bear. So she leaned her head against his shoulder, offering the comfort of her closeness if she could give nothing else.

"Anything can be forgiven, Thomas. If they hated you, they wouldn't talk to you at all. Do they talk to you?"

"Yeah. Of course." He leaned into her. His warmth wrapped around her. "But I still feel guilty as hell. I love them so much."

And I might be falling in love with you. She bit her tongue, swallowing the words back. How could she fall in love with him when she knew their time was limited? And how could she even think about love when he constantly held himself distant from her?

Tonight had been a start, but that's all it was. In a few days, he'd be gone. And she'd be alone. Again.

Chapter Twelve

On Thursday afternoon, creeping even closer to Thomas's scheduled departure date from Vegas, Brianna sat beside Cody on the living room floor. His new Transformer and the instructions were spread across the carpet. Brianna squinted at the paper. Cody had earned the toy by spending Sunday helping Thomas clean out the rain gutters. When he'd first gotten it, Cody had been so excited he hadn't even tried to transform it. It had taken a few days for the glamor to wear off, and now he wanted to make Optimus into a truck.

Unfortunately, Optimus had about six million moving parts, and the instructions were either in Chinese or Sanskrit. Or maybe it was just that it wasn't possible within the laws of physics to turn a robot's arm that way.

She twisted it anyway. It snapped in half. She cringed and dropped the useless thing on the floor. "I don't think I can do this."

"I think you turned it the wrong way." Cody picked up the instructions and studied them. "Girls don't get Transformers. When's Thomas going to get here? I bet he could do it."

She ground her teeth together. "Girls get Transformers. Girls get a lot of things boys don't. Like how certain boys might want to watch their mouths if they ever want to see dessert again."

He flushed and ducked his head. "Sorry, Mom."

Brianna smiled and ruffled his hair. "It's okay. Thomas will be here soon. He's just taking care of a little paperwork."

Paperwork that would finalize their business arrangement together. Brianna had been driving herself half crazy with worry. Afraid that once Thomas got her signature on the contract, their entire attempt at figuring out if they could be something would crumble at their feet. Afraid his boss would find out he'd been sleeping with their client and not only pull the contract but pursue some kind of legal action against Thomas.

Almost as afraid as she was that he would be sent back to California now that they'd finished their negotiations.

A truck engine revved outside. Cody's head snapped up. "That's him."

He tumbled to his feet, grabbed the instructions, and ran for the door. Brianna followed more slowly. Cody ran across the yard to Thomas's truck, holding up the toy and the instructions. Brianna couldn't look away. She never thought she'd accept another man in her life, let alone with her kids. Yet here they were, Cody's eyes bright and shining as he looked up at Thomas with utter trust.

He had to stay. She needed him to want to stay.

"Can you help me transform Optimus?" Cody said. "Mom can't do it."

"She can't?" Thomas took the paper and studied it. "I bet she could. Your mom's a smart businesswoman."

"That's true, but I can't read Chinese," she said.

"I'm pretty sure that's Korean."

"Well, then, I can't read that, either." She rose up on tiptoe and gave him a light kiss. "How did it go? Are we officially business partners?"

"Yes." His arm slid around her waist, and he pulled her close. "We are."

She wanted to ask him if he would be staying in Vegas or leaving, but the words wouldn't form. What if he said no? What if he was leaving? Her chest squeezed tight, stealing away her ability to breathe. She didn't want to face reality. Not yet. If nothing else, she could wait until after dinner to ask him.

He jostled her shoulder. "You in there? You're being awfully quiet."

"Yeah. I'm just thinking."

His brow furrowed, and his eyes met hers. She saw the same uncertainty she felt echoed in his eyes. "About what?"

"Hello?" Cody tapped his arm. "Are you going to help me or what?"

"Oh. Yeah, of course." Thomas ruffled the boy's hair, but his eyes remained on her. "Come on."

They headed up the walk. Thomas kept Brianna close, and she fell into step with him comfortably.

"Katelyn's waiting for another tea party, too."

"Little girls do love their tea. How's Zach doing?"

"Still completely and utterly dedicated to hating you. I wish he was this committed to his homework." She slipped her arm around his waist and squeezed. "He would have straight A's."

He tapped his fingers on his thigh as they walked. "I might have a little talk with him."

Brianna tensed. "I don't think that's a good idea. Last time you tried to talk to him without me, you got a black eye." She glanced up at him. The remnants of the bruises were still there, a sickly yellow-green. "Actually, it's still kind of there."

He pressed his fingers to his cheekbone, wincing slightly. "Kid's good at soccer. It doesn't hurt anymore."

"I think I should keep working on him. Not you."

He tugged her to a stop. "Cody, go inside. I want to talk to your mom."

Brianna bit down on her tongue so hard it nearly bled. What gave him the right to tell her kids what to do? But Cody was already gone, running inside with his Optimus Prime.

Brianna folded her arms over her chest and eyed Thomas. "What?"

"We've been over this. I need to talk to him," he said with a sigh, then held up his hand. "I know-he's your son. And you know your kids better than I ever could. But the problem is between Zach and me. If we don't work it out between us, it'll just fester."

She shook her head. "It's a bad idea."

"You may be right. But I have to try, Brianna. He needs to know I'm here for the right reasons and he needs to hear it from me. I'll risk another black eye on the off chance it'll work."

"What if it just makes the problem worse? And what if you make him like you, and then leave us? What then?"

He swallowed. "It's nothing that can't be fixed." His hand on her shoulder was warm. "You need to trust me with this. If I'm going to be part of your life, you can't be there to dictate every time I have to interact with your kids."

"But will you be here? Or are you-?"

"Bree. Shhh." He pulled her into his arms and rested his chin to the top of her head. "Now isn't the time for this conversation. We can talk about it later."

"Later when? I've been avoiding bringing it up, but it's time. We need to stop avoiding this ax hanging over our heads."

"I'm not avoiding it. I'm just pushing it back a bit." He kissed the top of her head. "Trust me. Please?"

"I'm trying." She pulled away. "I am."

"We're going to talk about the future. Our future. When we can talk freely without a kid knocking on the door." He sighed, looking off into the distance. "Jeremy and Erica are coming to visit. And...they want to meet you."

"They do?" She froze. If his family was coming out to visit him...did that mean he was staying? "Really?"

"Yes." With gentle fingers, he brushed her hair from her face and tucked it behind her ear. "My sister wants to meet the woman who managed to tie me down to three kids. She's even agreed to watch the kids overnight so we can have another real date. An overnight date. And we can talk all you want then."

She'd think more on that later. But for now... "That's a big step, meeting your family. What if they hate me?"

"Well...I met yours. It makes sense for you to meet mine." He shrugged, just a little too diffident. "And they won't hate you. How could they? You're you."

Her heart melted. "Come here, you idiot."

She caught the front of his shirt, pulled him down, and kissed him. He nearly fell into her with a strangled sound. His arms locked around her, and he took control of the kiss with a breathless intensity that left her whimpering and clutching at him. Arousal burst through her in a hot rush. She wished they didn't have to go inside to a G-rated, kid-safe evening. Wished she could take him upstairs.

Take him upstairs and show him how much she needed him. But maybe she could do that tonight, once everyone was in bed. They had kept their hands to themselves long enough.

When she drew back, he was breathing raggedly, looking down at her with dark, unreadable eyes that burned with an emotion she couldn't identify-an emotion that nearly stopped her heart.

"Brianna, I-"

"Come on!" Cody ducked through the front door and grabbed Thomas's hand. "Enough kissing."

Thomas laughed. "Right. We have work to do."

He followed Cody into the house, but not without a lingering glance for Brianna. A glance that said his thoughts were very much in line with Brianna's. She bit back a frustrated shriek. Why did she get the feeling he'd been about to say something momentous?

Or had that just been wishful thinking?

With a groan, she followed her boys inside. "When is your sister coming?"

"Uh...tomorrow."

"Oh God. That's not enough time to prepare." She'd have to call the housekeeper and have her deep clean the entire house. And dust, and Windex all of the windows. Then she would find out Erica's favorite meal and cook it. She could top it off with Jeremy's favorite dessert, followed by-

"I see that look on your face. Take a deep breath. And stop worrying. She's just a lawyer. She might put you up on the stand but she won't put you through a polygraph. And don't worry about her Marine husband." He flashed her an impish look. "I don't think he knows much about waterboarding. Much."

"Not. Helping."

Thomas chuckled and sat next to Cody. She left them to their important work while she retreated to the kitchen and started on the dishes from lunch. When she put away the last glass, her gaze fell on the photo of Michael. She paused, looking up at him.

I know our life wasn't perfect. But in the end, we were there for each other. I love you. I miss you. And I hope that, wherever you are, you can be happy for me.

For the first time, she thought he might just be. He might even approve of the changes in the household. Cody laughed from the other room, mixed with Thomas's deep chuckle. Brianna hugged her arms to her chest and smiled up at Michael.

Yeah, he just might be happy about this after all.

...

Thomas handed Cody the transformed truck. "Here you go."

"I knew you could do it." Cody grabbed the truck and took off for the stairs at high speed. "Thank you, Thomas!"

"You're welcome," he called, but Cody was already gone, calling Katelyn's name at the top of his lungs. Shaking his head, he rose to his feet, wiping his hands on his pants.

Zach came down the stairs with a scowl. "You're here again? Aren't you going back to California yet?"

"As you can see, I am not gone yet." Thomas picked up the instructions and folded them. "How are you?"

"I was fine." He looked Thomas up and down, his upper lip curled. "Not so much now."

Thomas took a deep breath. This again. He couldn't let this go on. "It doesn't have to be like this, Zach. We don't have to be enemies."

Brianna leaned out of the kitchen. "Thomas, we need sauce for dinner. Could you run to the store and-" She froze. "Oh. Zach. Hey."

Zach sneered. "Yeah, go get some sauce. And don't come back."

"Zach, knock it off." Brianna scowled. "I've had enough of your-"

"If you think you're going to chase me off, you're wrong," Thomas said.

Brianna shot him an incredulous look, opened her mouth, then caught his eye and closed it again. Trust me, he pleaded silently. After a moment, she nodded subtly and looked away. She'd give him a chance, at least. A chance to smooth the ground between himself and Zach.

Now he just hoped he wouldn't screw it up.

If he could show her he was trustworthy enough to be with her kids, then hopefully she would say yes to him tomorrow when he laid his heart bare. Hopefully she wouldn't laugh in his face and walk away like everyone else had in his life. He'd lived in plenty of houses over the years, but for the first time in his life...he'd found a home.

Now he just needed to be accepted into it.

Thomas returned his gaze to Zach. "You can be as nasty as you like. I'm not going anywhere. So I think you and I need to figure out what we're going to do about that."

"I'll tell you what you can do. You can shove it up your-"

"Swear jar," Cody said from the head of the stairs. He sat on the top step, hugging Optimus to his chest. "I think Thomas should move in. Then he can help me work on Optimus whenever we want."

Zach paled. "Move in? He's not moving in, is he? He'd better not be or I'm leaving. I'm leaving right now."

Thomas ignored the sting of the boy's words. "Where would you go? You're thirteen. You might be able to stay with a friend for a few days but what happens once his parents find out your mother's looking for you and she's frantic and terrified? Because that's what you'd be doing. Frightening your mother for no good reason."

Zach snarled and looked away. "If it gets rid of you..."

"And if it doesn't?"

"I don't know!" Zach exploded, then sank down and sat on the bottom step. He buried his face in his hands. "I don't know."

Thomas let out the breath he'd been holding. He'd cracked the tough-guy shell and got down to the boy hidden underneath. That's who he needed to talk to. "Brianna, I'm going to head out to the store. Zach is going with me, if you don't mind."

Please, God, let her not mind. He needed her to be on his side, or Zach would never believe he wasn't the bad guy. Wasn't the enemy.

Brianna nodded. "That's fine."

"I don't want to go with him." He raised his head and shot his mother a desperate look. "Mom, I'm not going with him."

"You'll go because I told you to." Brianna slipped back into the kitchen, calling over her shoulder, "See you two soon. Pick out a dessert, too."

"Thomas, can we play more when you come back?" Cody asked.

"Sure thing, kiddo." Thomas smiled, then offered a hand to Zach. "Let's go."

Zach ignored his hand and thrust himself to his feet. With a seething glance, he stalked to the front door. Thomas shook his head and followed.

At least it was progress.

In the truck, they buckled up in tense silence. Zach glared mutinously out the window. Thomas waited until they were on the highway to speak.

"Look, I know I'm not your dad, and I don't want to be."

"No, you just want her." What Thomas could see of Zach's profile was stiff, his jaw a hard line. "You'll probably get rid of us. Send us all to boarding school or something. Have your own kids. We'll end up sleeping in the basement. Or in the cupboard under the stairs."

Was that what this was all about? Zach was afraid of being replaced?

"You watch too much TV," Thomas said gently. "I'm not going to send you away. First of all, your mother would never do that to you, and she'd never allow someone in your lives who would. She loves you too much for that. And second of all? You're not Harry Potter. You have a perfectly good room upstairs."

"You don't know that she wouldn't send us away if you asked." Zach curled his fingers around his seat-belt strap, his knuckles white. "I never thought she'd replace Dad, either, but she did. You're here all the time. In his house. Sitting on his couch. With his wife."

"Do you think your dad would want your mom to be alone? Or do you think he'd want her to be happy? Think about that." He turned into the parking lot at Meijer and killed the engine. "She has a good man taking care of her already. You. I'm not there to take her away from you or from Cody or Katelyn. I'm not trying to pull her away from your family. I...I'd just like to be a part of it."

Zach's shoulders straightened. "But she doesn't need you. You're right. She has me."

"No, she doesn't need me. But I like her, Zach. I want to make her smile and laugh. And I like you guys, too."

"Us?" The boy blinked. "Why?"

"Why not?"

"Because we don't like you." Zach's eyes narrowed. "At least...I don't like you."

"Well, I like you. You remind me a lot of myself at your age."

"I'm nothing like you!" But after a moment, Zach's hunched shoulders relaxed and he darted Thomas a wary look. "What about when you go back to California? She's worrying about it. I see her every night after you leave. She looks sad."

Thomas took a shaky breath and gripped the steering wheel. "I have a plan for that."

"If you hurt her..." Zach said after a few moments of tense silence.

"You can send me packing with another black eye. I promise." Thomas offered a hand. "Temporary truce?"

Zach studied Thomas's hand, squinting, mouth tight. Thomas held his breath. Would he be accepted or rejected? He felt like his entire future with Brianna hinged on this moment.

Finally, after what seemed like hours, Zach shook his hand. "Truce. But I still don't like you. I won't moon you or kick a ball at your face, but I won't go out of my way to be nice to you, either. Not yet."

He could handle that. "You don't have to like me. I'm only asking that you give me a chance. If I screw up, send me on my way."

"I will. And I'll like it."

Thomas laughed. "Good. Now let's go get that sauce or your mother will skin us both."

Chapter Thirteen

Brianna took the stairs carefully. Her knees were weak, and she could barely feel her feet. Last night, she had tried to get Thomas to stay overnight. When she kissed him good night, she had whispered that he should sleep in her room with her. He'd stammered an odd jumble of words, something about getting ready for tomorrow, and ran out of the house as if the devil were chasing him. And she still didn't know why.

But tonight she was going to finally ask the question she'd been avoiding-and she would actually get an answer. He'd promised her that much. But after his flight last night...she didn't think she would like what she would hear. And if that wasn't enough to make her palms sweaty and her knees wobbly, she was about to meet his sister for the first time, along with Erica's husband. A husband who just happened to be Thomas's best friend.

Pressure much?

At the bottom of the stairs, she leaned against the wall. Laughter rose from outside. She pushed away from the wall and peeked out the front window. Thomas, dressed in a black suit and blue tie, kicked a soccer ball. She craned her neck until she could see Zach, a smile tugging at his lips as he answered something Thomas said and angled to intercept a pass.

Thomas laughed, called out a reply, and punted the ball back to Zach. They kicked the ball back and forth a few more times, while across the yard, Katelyn and Cody played tag. Brianna pressed her knuckles to her lips. They looked like a family. A happy family.

Her family.

When was the last time she'd seen Zach smile like that? Probably long before Michael had died. Before he'd gotten sick. Sometimes she liked to think Michael was still around, watching over them. Maybe he'd like the scene in the yard. A sense of peace filled her as she imagined him at her side. In her mind, his smile was warm with approval.

No one had wanted him to die, least of all her. She still missed him. Always would. But she couldn't go on feeling guilty for the rest of her life, ashamed of her feelings for another man. Thomas belonged here if he wanted to be here. With them.

He could be a good father. As good a father as Michael would have been. The past two weeks had shown her that Thomas had an amazing amount of patience and tolerance with her children. Whether temper tantrums, fights, or tears over a broken baby doll, he'd been there. He'd helped make the kids feel better-and helped her feel better, too.

No more running away from him. No more second-guessing. She wanted him to stick around. If he gave even one sign of being willing to move here with her, she would beg and plead for him to take the position. To stay.

She checked herself in the wall mirror, smoothed her hands over her sleek sheath dress, and stepped outside. All four heads turned to her when the door opened but she had eyes only for Thomas right now. "Hi," she said shyly.

"Hi, yourself." His gaze caressed her from head to toe. He kicked the ball back to Zach and walked toward her, his steps predatory, lithe, his heated gaze never leaving her. "You look... God. Breathtaking."

She lowered her eyes and tucked her hair behind her ear. "So do you. Even when you're playing soccer in a suit."

He rubbed the back of his neck with a sheepish smile. "It's fun. I didn't realize how much I missed it until I started playing again."

Zach jogged closer. "Were you watching, Mom? Thomas was teaching me some of his ancient tricks from when he played."

"Ancient? Watch yourself, boy. I already feel old enough, thank you." Thomas ruffled Zach's hair. The boy flushed. "But you really don't need my pointers. You've already got a better kick than I ever did."

The sheer pride in Zach's eyes took her breath away. Did Thomas even realize how much he'd done for Zach? And to see them finally getting along...it had been rocky, but she was glad she'd trusted him.

"Thanks," Zach said. A car door slammed, and his gaze shifted past Thomas. "Here come the babysitters. I told you guys I could have watched them."

"A thirteen-year-old alone all night with his siblings? I don't think so." Brianna snorted. They would probably come home to find Cory and Katelyn covered in chocolate and running around high on a sugar rush, while Zach played Call of Duty online with Chris. "Maybe in a few years."

The couple who came up the walk wasn't nearly as frightening as Brianna had envisioned, even if Erica was intimidatingly lovely, the kind of woman the old Brianna would have been afraid to speak to. The resemblance between her and Thomas was unmistakable, from the deep, dark brown eyes to the infectious smile.

Her petite curves made even jeans and a T-shirt look classy-completely at odds with the rough, rugged, tattooed man at her side, who looked like he'd be more at home in a biker bar. Good god, those blue eyes were devastating, and despite herself Brianna flushed. Erica was one lucky woman.

Then her gaze drifted to Thomas-how the suit sat on his broad shoulders, unable to cage the luscious slopes of hard-packed muscle. The slightly dangerous edge to his smile, just that hint of promise that told her just what a feral beast he could be the moment they were alone. Yes, Erica was one lucky woman.

But so was she.

Cody trotted over and tugged her hand. "He's a Marine, right, Mom?"

"Real-life and in the flesh." She bit her lower lip and darted Thomas a nervous glance. "Are you sure Erica and Jeremy don't mind watching them?"

"Trust me, she owes me. I had to take care of her when she was pregnant and Jeremy was away on deployment." He made it sound like torture of the worst sort. With a shudder, he captured her hand. "Pickles at midnight. Ice cream at two."

Brianna laughed. "I remember those days. Once I sent Michael out for a Big Mac at eleven at night. When he came home, I didn't want it anymore-but I wanted a milkshake. And he went right back out, the lovesick sop."

He rolled his eyes. "Sounds like Erica."

As the couple drew closer, Brianna smoothed her hair and smiled. "Hello."

"Hi," Erica said, and, without a moment's hesitation, pulled Brianna into a tight hug. Brianna tentatively hugged her back. She hadn't expected or hoped for such a warm welcome. "Nice to meet you, Brianna. I've heard so many wonderful things about you."

"Uh, thanks." Her cheeks heated. "I've heard a lot about you, too."

"Don't believe any of it." Erica grinned. "Tommy probably made it all up."

"Brat. I told you not to call me that." Thomas pulled his sister into a tight hug.

Jeremy offered his hand, those stunning blue eyes glittering. "Hello, Brianna. Nice to meet you."

Brianna slipped her hand into his-and yelped when he, too, dragged her into a rough bear hug. Her blush felt like it was spreading down to her knees, and she awkwardly pressed her hands against the second hardest pair of abs she'd ever felt as she pushed herself back.

"Well. Um. Nice to meet you, too." She fiddled with her hair and pressed close against Thomas's side. "Thank you both for watching the kids overnight."

"No problem. We needed a vacation from base life and it gave my mom an excuse to spend a few days playing doting grandmother with our little guy." Erica lightly slugged Thomas's arm. "Then the next step will be helping this idiot find a new house." Her sly look slid from Thomas to Brianna and Brianna could have melted into the sidewalk.

Wait, what? He was house hunting? Her heartbeat sped up. "Oh. I see."

Thomas cleared his throat. "I said that we might be looking at houses. Not definitely."

But where? Here or in California? Thomas looked at Brianna, then looked away before she could meet his eyes. What was he hiding from her?

Cody tugged Jeremy's shirt. "Is it true you're a real soldier? Thomas said you are."

Jeremy crouched down. "I'm better than a soldier. I'm a Marine. Do you like soldiers?"

"Yeah! But...you don't look like a Marine. Where's your uniform?" Cody eyed him. "And your gun?"

"At home. But I can tell you all about soldiers and military formations. I know lots."

Cody's eyes widened. "Will you play toy soldiers with me?"

Zach snorted. "He doesn't want to play with fake military guys, Cody. He's the real thing."

"I'd actually love to," Jeremy said. "I'll even show you how real Marines line up for battle."

Cody jumped up and down. "Can we go? Now?"

"Sure. Come on." Jeremy winked at Brianna and Thomas, then followed the boy up the pathway. "You two kids have fun. Don't do anything I wouldn't do, Tommy."

"That leaves a lot of options," Thomas said.

Jeremy laughed. "Yeah, I suppose it does."

"Oh, gross. I'm gone." Zach bolted after Jeremy and Cody. "See ya."

"Love you, too," Brianna called out, then shook her head. "Looks like we'll be missed horribly."

"Go. Have fun." Erica pushed them gently down the path. "Get out of here."

"Bye, Katelyn," Brianna called over her shoulder. "Love you, Princess." Yet she lingered a moment. Would her shy little girl be able to deal with Erica?

She needn't have worried. Erica sank down to one knee and offered Katelyn her hand. "So you like princesses? I do, too. Want to go play?" She smiled. "My favorite thing in the world is to dress up like a princess and have tea."

Magic words. Katelyn brightened, slid her hand into Erica's, and practically dragged her inside. The door shut behind them, closing them off-and effectively freeing Brianna and Thomas for the night.

"See? Told you they'd be fine," Thomas murmured into her ear. His deep voice evoked a shiver. A tight, clenching need that hadn't been answered in far too long. She wanted his hands on her, tearing her clothes off, pinning her, touching her in that rough, capable way of his.

Date night. Right. They were going to go out like adults first. Talk, and all that fun stuff.

"Now," he rumbled, "we get to be alone. Relax. Drink a little too much. Whatever you want, you'll get."

What she wanted was him. Only him. Brianna bit back her smile. "I think that sounds wonderful."

"Then let's go." Thomas kissed her temple and led her to the truck. He opened the door, helped her inside, then slid behind the wheel. "Ready?"

"Yes." She met his eyes, darted her tongue over her lips, bit back a hungry whimper of anticipation. "Very ready."

Thomas smiled. Slow. Dark. Knowing. Knowing exactly what being so close to him was doing to her. Exactly how much she wanted him. "Then I'd hate to keep you waiting," he said, and started the truck. "Tonight, Brianna...tonight will be all about us."

Chapter Fourteen

If Brianna didn't stop looking at him like he was dessert, they'd never make it to dinner.

The past two weeks had been hell. The kisses. The stolen touches, breathless and gasping. He had purposely refused to take her to bed last night. It had been one of the hardest things in the world to walk away from her after she invited him to stay, but he wanted to show her he wanted more from her than sex. Their relationship might have started because of mind-blowing sex, but now it was more. He couldn't do this halfway.

Before when they had sex, it was exactly that. Hot, sweaty sex. But now he had a feeling everything would be different. For the first time since Nicole, sex had a new meaning for him. It had emotion. And depth. Once he got his hands on her, he'd never let go. He ached to lose himself in her. Have her. Consume her. Love her. And he wouldn't touch her unless he could have all of those things. Unless he could have all of her.

Because he already loved her. He knew that now, and even better? He wasn't scared of it. Or of her. And by the end of the night, she would know just how much she meant to him.

His hands ached from his tight grip on the steering wheel. He forced his fingers to relax. "I thought we'd go to my hotel and drop off your bag, then go out to dinner. Sound good?"

"Sure." She fidgeted with her purse strap. "Are you sure Erica and Jeremy are okay with the kids?"

"Yeah. They're fine, sweetheart. You need to relax," he said. "Maybe we'll grab a little scotch at the room before we go."

She nodded. "I'm just...nervous."

"Why? We've been on dates before. Nothing new." He rolled to a stop at a red light, ignoring the real reason she was nervous. He was nervous, too. "Only difference is we'll have longer. And be alone all night."

She paled. "Yeah."

What if she was worried he was going to attack her as soon as they got upstairs? It certainly wouldn't be the first time he'd have done so. Maybe she was nervous about what he expected of her tonight. "Hey. We'll go as slow as you want. Nothing has to happen and we can just relax. Hang out."

His rampant state of arousal might not agree, but his libido could deal.

She nodded and drew a deep breath, but looked distracted. "Okay. Sounds good."

Fuck. "Great."

The light turned green, and he hit the accelerator. He spent the rest of the ride convincing his body to calm down and accept there might be no Brianna tonight.

It refused to listen.

He pulled into the hotel parking lot, stopped the truck, and slipped around to help her down from the passenger's side. As they approached the room, the slight breeze wafted her perfume to him. Did she have to smell so damned tantalizing?

He held his breath and opened the door. "After you."

"Thank you."

Even the sound of her voice rocked him off his feet. Desire plagued him, made his chest tight, his breathing short. He could barely manage coherent words. "This way."

She gave him an odd look and bit her lower lip. She always did that when she was worried, but right now it was driving him mad. "Are you okay? You sound...different."

"Me? I'm fine."

He cleared his throat and pushed the elevator button. When they walked into the elevator, he couldn't help but think of the last time they were here and what they'd been doing. Right there, in that corner, he'd kissed her. He tore his eyes from the wall.

"So. Um. If you want, I can give you a tour of my suite. Last time you were here, it was a bit...rushed."

She flushed and fidgeted with her purse. "You could say that. So...you'll be looking for somewhere to live soon?"

He watched her from the corner of his eye. Thank you, Erica, for bringing that up. He didn't want to talk about that until after dinner. When he had her slightly tipsy, relaxed, and happy. Then he could ask...

He jumped when she poked him in the ribs. "Hello? You in there?"

He flushed. "Yeah. Sorry."

She gave him an unreadable look, fidgeting with her strap. "You okay?"

"Yeah. Of course. I just-" He bit down on his tongue. Should he tell her he already requested to stay on permanently? His boss had been surprised at his change of heart but he had been too thrilled to question Thomas much. The ink was barely dry on the contract-but he was staying.

But did Brianna want him to stay with her? She'd been decidedly closed-mouthed about her feelings for him. And about their future...if they even had one. He had no idea what she was thinking or feeling. But tonight would be the night he found out.

The elevator let them off into the hallway. She kept stealing little glances at him, enigmatic and dark. He knew she was waiting for him to answer her question, but he wasn't ready yet. His pounding pulse echoed in his head, washing out the sound of the air conditioning whirring through the vents. He fumbled with the keycard and opened the door to his room. The same door he'd slammed her against. Kissed her against. Taken her against. His c**k rose to life at the memories.

Maybe this hadn't been the best idea.

"So...since they knew I'd be here for a while, MotoTek paid for a luxury suite. All the amenities of home, none of the cleaning responsibilities." He half shrugged with a wry smile.

He led her into the richly decorated room, with its open layout that combined kitchen, living area, and bedroom, with a stunning view through floor-to-ceiling windows. A separate door led to the bathroom, complete with a hot tub that he'd love to-

Down. Rein himself in. Right.

"You mentioned scotch," she said, her voice soft, throaty with an edge of...was that desire? Or was he imagining that?

He licked his dry lips. "Scotch. Sure."

He crossed to the marble-tiled kitchen and poured two tumblers of scotch with shaking fingers, then pressed hers into her hand and settled down on the couch next to her. Her softness pressed against his side. The late afternoon sun fell over her hair. His breath caught in his throat as he watched the light play over the liquid golden strands, and a hollow need punched him in the gut.

Maybe he should just drink the whole damned bottle.

Her gaze lingered on a portrait photograph of Vegas, lit up at night. "Erica and Jeremy seem so nice. I was stressing all day at work, worrying they would hate me at first sight."

He toyed a strand of her hair between his fingers. "Not possible. How could they not love you like"-he clamped his mouth shut and cleared his throat-"like they love each other? They're very happily married."

And that was a pathetic recovery.

"I can see that." She stole a look at him but didn't question his complete failure of a sentence. "Despite the fact that you seem to think you kept them apart."

"I did keep them apart."

"You have to stop blaming yourself." She sighed. "Do you miss them?"

He hesitated. Did he miss them? Hell yes. But a few months ago, he'd been ready to relocate to California permanently just to be near family. Now, he wasn't so sure.

And the reason for his change of heart was looking up at him with those beautiful tawny eyes.

"Yeah."

She drew an invisible path on her knee. "Do you plan to move back out there one day?"

"I did before." He smoothed her hair back from her face. "But now I'm not so sure. I'm happy where I am. With the kids. With...with you."

"Right now." She leaned into his touch. Her eyes closed. "I am, too. Very happy."

He took a steadying breath. Every detail of her face captivated him. Her pink mouth, her soft skin...

Could he tell her he loved her? Should he?

Last time he'd said those words...

He couldn't think of Nicole. She was out of his life, and it was time he left her where she belonged.

In the past.

He pressed a soft kiss to the peak of her chin. She was his present-and his future. And right now...

No. Not yet. He pulled back, staring down into her eyes. "Ready to go to dinner?"

Chapter Fifteen

Dinner was the last thing on Brianna's mind.

By the time they finished eating, all she could think about was Thomas. Thomas in Vegas. Thomas in California. Thomas naked in her bed. But mostly, Thomas not leaving.

He had insinuated he might be open to staying in Vegas, but she hadn't opened her mouth and told him she would like that very much. Hadn't said a word about it. What if she asked him to stay, and he later resented her for keeping him away from his family? What if they didn't work out and he ended up stuck in a city he hated, working with an ex he could no longer stand?

Okay, she needed to stop thinking so much. And she knew the perfect way to accomplish that. She needed to kiss Thomas. That would wipe all the worries and doubts away. Every time his fingers brushed hers, or his knee glided along her thigh, the heavy pressure inside her grew. By the time they finished eating, Thai cuisine at a lovely restaurant a few miles from his hotel, she was boiling. She didn't know how much more she could take.

He'd said they could take it slow. Just relax. The hell with that. She needed him too much. They'd been dating for a while now with only kisses and grade-school caresses to show for it. Part of that was her own fault, she knew. She'd been so hesitant. So uncertain of whether or not she was ready.

She was more than ready. She was aching.

Thomas had been respectful and kind, but the time had come for something more. He pulled the truck into the hotel parking lot. She stole a peek at him. His jaw was taut, and his fingers gripped the steering wheel so tightly the tendons stood out sharply against his skin. She knew he wanted her. She didn't need a magic ball to figure it out. She also knew he was brimming over the edges with anxiety.

She cleared her throat. "Ready to go in?"

"Right. Of course." He cleared his throat and shifted in his seat, not looking at her. "Yeah. But we need to-"

"Thomas." She rested her hand on his thigh. Her fingers trailed up, tracing the hard, tense bunching of muscle beneath his slacks. "Relax."

He went very still. His gaze dropped to her hand, following it with an almost unnerving intensity. Slowly, he nodded. "Let's go."

She followed him from the truck into the hotel, never taking her eyes from him. His slacks did fabulous things to his rear end, and that was only the start. The moment they were inside, she thought, she'd probably climb him like a tree. She pictured herself clawing up his leg like a kitten and couldn't help a sudden laugh. God, he'd probably look at her like she was crazy. She clapped a hand over her mouth to stifle her nervous giggles.

He stiffened and looked over his shoulder. "Did I do something funny?"

She shook her head. "No, I just had a random thought. It was silly."

He looked at her, tense, a flicker of uncertainty in his eyes. She faltered... Why was he-oh. Oh. Of course. He was flashing back to another time with another woman. Brianna exhaled and stepped closer, resting her hand on his arm.

"I'm not Nicole," she murmured. "I'd never laugh at you like that. I was laughing at myself."

"Why?" he asked after a long, hesitant moment.

"I. Um." She averted her eyes and shrugged. "Nothing."

"Oh."

Oh, God. She closed her eyes and pressed her fingers to her temples. "I was thinking I'd like to touch your butt."

He choked on a laugh. "What?"

"Oh, shut up."

She was saved by the arrival of the elevator. She knotted her fingers in the sleeve of his shirt and nearly dragged him inside. He stumbled after her, a surprised look in his eyes. But she also saw hunger. For her. "That eager to get me upstairs?"

"Maybe," she muttered. "Keep laughing and I might change my mind."

"Brianna." Suddenly he was close, too close. He backed her against the wall. Hadn't they been in this situation once before? His hands fell to grip her hips. "Don't be embarrassed. I like how frank you are."

"I know." She pressed against him and ran her nails over his chest. "If you want me to be frank, I'll be frank. I want you."

The heat igniting in his gaze almost set her aflame. "I want you, too. But-"

"No buts." She wrapped her arms around his neck and dragged him down, rising up on her toes to meet him. "Just us."

"Brianna," he breathed, and kissed her.

His lips captured her breath and gave it back to her in rushed pants. She trembled and melded her body to his. She needed to feel more of him. All of him. He locked her to him with a fierce hold. When his tongue slipped between her lips, she met it eagerly. He tasted like scotch and strawberries and Pad Thai. With each stroke of his tongue, with each touch of his lips, she melted more. Needed more.

She kneaded at the hard muscles of his chest, bunching up handfuls of his shirt. Her forearm brushed against his abdomen, and his stomach flexed into delicious ripples that she ached to explore. He groaned, ripped his mouth from hers, and stepped back.

For a moment she thought the elevator had stopped on his floor, but it was still moving, the yellow dot of light pinging through the numbers just over his head. She blinked at him. He ran a shaking hand through his hair, his cheeks flushed. His eyes met hers, dark with uncertainty, closed and careful and utterly shuttered.

Her heart rolled in a seasick sway that left her queasy. "What? What is it?"

"This..." His voice was stilted and curt. "This isn't working for me anymore. We need to talk inside my room."

The chill in each word cut into her like slivers of ice. This was it. The moment she'd been fearing. He was going to break it off with her and go back to California. "Are you...are we...?"

She broke off. Just a few hours ago, he'd told her he was happy with her. Had made it seem like he was interested in staying with her in Vegas. Now he was pushing her away? Why?

What had changed so suddenly?

"No. But we need to talk about our future," he said, and her stomach dropped out. "I don't want to just continue dating you."

Oh my God. They were breaking up.

"Why?" she asked, her voice cracking. She wouldn't cry. She couldn't cry. Damn it, she liked him too much not to cry, but she wouldn't in front of him. She wrapped her arms around herself, hugging tight. Trying to hold her heartache in. "Never mind. Don't answer. You're not interested anymore. You want to leave. I get it. You got the contract signed and now you're ready to return to your old life. Just take me home."

"Wait. I started this wrong." He took a deep breath and looked down at her with wide eyes. "Brianna, it's not that I don't want you. It's that I-"

"It doesn't matter what your reasons are. I don't need to hear them." She smoothed her clothing and lifted her chin. "It's fine."

"Jesus, will you let me f**king talk?" he snarled. The elevator door opened behind him, but he stayed where he was, glaring at her with something like desperation.

That was the last straw. He was going to get ugly with her after he'd dropped this on her out of nowhere? When she was trying to remain calm and collected? She clamped her lips together until they stilled their trembling.

"You don't need to. I've been avoiding this conversation, but it's about time it came up. We're done." She stepped closer-and shoved him back, out of the elevator. His face blanked with shock and...was that hurt? No. She wouldn't think about that. He didn't get to be hurt right now. While he stumbled, struggling to regain his balance, she stabbed the button for the lobby. "Good-bye, Thomas."

"Brianna, wait-!"

The elevator door closed, almost on his reaching fingers.

Brianna stood there watching the numbers count down. Numb. Frozen. God, she'd been so stupid. So obliviously happy. She felt the knot welling in her throat, her eyes burning, but the hot, painful tension inside her wouldn't break into tears. She wondered distantly if she was in shock.

That hadn't just happened.

She'd thought he'd been perfect. Maybe that was the problem. He was too perfect. He said all the right things, did everything perfectly, was too handsome, too witty, too intelligent. Too good. She'd been lucky enough to find a good man once, who loved her until the day he died. She hadn't thought love had been possible back then, but Michael had showed her it existed. But not with Thomas.

To hell with Thomas. To hell with men.

She had her kids and her memories of Michael. They were all she needed. And right now, she had every intention of flagging down a cab and going home to a tub of mint chocolate chip ice cream. She could spend her night in her pajamas, watching chick flicks, and sobbing into her tub of mint-chocolate calorie overload.

After she got rid of Jeremy and Erica.

Her vision blurred. She wiped at her eyes with a curse and pushed past the elevator doors before they fully had a chance to open, stalking out into the lobby. The front desk staff was probably staring at her, but hell. It was Vegas. They should be used to seeing crying women storm out of hotels.

A door banged open behind her, and Thomas's voice rose in a ragged shout. "Brianna!"

She glanced over her shoulder just in time to see him lunge out of the stairwell. No. She couldn't face him right now. Couldn't face his excuses and whatever reasons he wanted to spill out just to make him feel better about himself. Just so he could get his closure. She'd been through it too many times, only before it had been just casual dates during the brief period she'd spent venturing into the dating pool.

It hadn't been a man she'd thought she'd fallen in love with and could see herself with for the rest of her life.

His voice chased her, but she ignored him and walked faster, the impact of each sharp-clicking step quivering up through her heels. She pushed the lobby door open so hard it jingled and bounced off the outside wall and nearly ran across the parking lot. It was getting harder and harder to see. She needed to get home before she busted out bawling. And goddammit, if he didn't stop calling her name-

"Brianna, if you'd just let me explain-"

"No!" She whirled and glared at him. "You said you don't want to date me anymore. And I'm fine with that. Okay? I'm trying to make this easy for you. For both of us. So just leave me alone. I don't want you near my kids-or me." Inspiration struck. She knew how to make him feel better-while simultaneously leaving her alone. "I was going to call it off between us, anyway."

"O-Oh." His face crumpled. His outstretched hand dropped to his side; his other hand was hidden behind his back. For a moment her heart broke. How could he look at her like that? Like she'd torn his heart out, when he was the one who'd just decided to break things off with her, in the damned elevator of all places?

"I just can't. I can't." She backed away a few steps, then turned and ran. She barely saw the crosswalk, only knew the light was red and the little man was telling her it was safe to walk to the southbound side of the street and flag down a cabbie who was going her way. Even better, there was a bus pulling up to the curb; public transit worked just as well. Anything with wheels that pointed somewhere toward home. She ran faster. She probably looked stupid, bolting in front of traffic in heels with tears running down her cheeks.

As long as it got her away from him, she didn't care.

The light changed just as she reached the sidewalk and nearly fell against the signpost when one of her three-inch heels twisted underneath her and nearly pitched her to the sidewalk. The bus was easing forward. She struggled upright and ran for it.

"Wait!"

The bus slowed, lights flashing. The door opened, and she stumbled up the steps, fumbling in her purse for change. Fuck. Fuck, she could still hear him, calling her name, begging her to wait.

"Go," she told the driver. "Now!"

The man stared at her strangely. She must look a fright, sweaty and red-faced with her eyes brimming with tears and her hair flying everywhere. She shoved a dollar bill into the slot with shaking fingers. The doors started to squeak closed, and the bus rolled forward.

"Bri-"

Thomas never finished. His voice broke off in a sharp cry. Brianna turned so quickly she nearly stumbled. Thomas had thrust his hand into the door, stopping it from closing, and it was caught, clenched tight between the folding accordion halves and squeezing tighter.

And the bus was still moving.

The momentum dragged him forward so sharply his entire body smacked into the side of the vehicle. Cries of curiosity and surprise rose from the back of the bus. Someone shouted something about 911. Thomas's face crushed against the glass door with a sickening crunch that turned Brianna's stomach, and blood blossomed from his nose.

"Thomas!"

"Shit, man!" the bus driver cried, slamming on the brakes. He yanked the door release. It slammed open, releasing Thomas's arm. He staggered back, clutching his nose with a hand turned nearly purple. His eyes were wide, dazed.

"I dink du broke by dose," he said thickly.

Brianna tumbled down the steps. "Oh God, are you all right? What were you thinking? Why would you do that?"

His eyes focused slowly. He looked at her, and then smiled. It was the most ridiculous smile she'd ever seen, with blood streaming down from his swollen and reddened nose-and it was almost heartbreakingly sweet. "Du wuddin listhen. I hadda gatch du."

The tears that had been threatening were so close to spilling over. She reached up to touch his swelling face gingerly; he hissed and flinched. She bit her lip. That idiot. He couldn't even talk, and he was still standing there smiling at her.

"Nothing you could say is worth hurting yourself like this," she said.

"Dumthink ish. Du diddin leg be dell du." His smile widened. "Du diddin leg be gib du thig."

What the hell had he just said?

His other hand came from behind his back. He was holding one of her missing shoes-the cute little Dior with the artfully tapered heel and the bow on the toe. But it wasn't the shoe that made her legs go weak, until she was forced to sit down heavily, bottom thumping down against the bus steps.

It was the glittering diamond ring encircling the shoe's spiked heel, reflecting back the Vegas lights like a star.

Chapter Sixteen

Broken noses hurt like a bitch.

But not nearly as much as the pain he'd felt when Brianna had run away from him, so convinced he was like every other man who'd ever hurt her. Every other man who'd left her-even Michael. It hadn't been her husband's choice to leave, but that hadn't left Brianna any less alone. Any less wounded. Thomas hadn't realized quite how wounded until he'd tried to tell her how he felt...and she'd jumped to the conclusion that he was rejecting her.

Especially when he started off his carefully planned speech with, I don't want to date you anymore. He was a f**king idiot.

Now she stared at him, her eyes wide and disbelieving, her lips parted and trembling. Everyone on the bus was watching him. He didn't care. He'd been trying to nerve himself up to this for days, and he'd decided tonight was the night.

He wasn't going to let one broken nose stop him.

The possibly broken fingers might be a problem, but he'd worry about that later.

The bus driver half rose from his seat. "Dude, you can't do shit like that. Look, I got it on camera that you stuck your hand in, so we're not liable-"

"I don't care," Thomas said without ever taking his eyes from Brianna, only it sounded more like I gon ger. Great. He was about to propose, and he sounded like a Swedish Oompa Loompa. He tried again, careful to articulate every word. "I. Don't. Care."

"Insurance is gonna care, and you need to get to a hospital-"

"I'll go when I'm done with my business here."

The driver sank back down with a mutter. "Yeah? Whatever, man. On or off. I gotta schedule to keep."

"Brianna," Thomas said gently. She wasn't moving, wasn't responding. He stepped up onto the bottom step and gripped her arm with his good hand, transferring the shoe to his bruised, cramping fingers. "Come on. Let's find a seat."

She stood shakily, still silent. Her silence, that stunned look on her face, left his heart heavy. Maybe he'd f**ked up too much. Maybe he was moving too fast, but he couldn't help it. He loved her, and he didn't see the point in wasting time with formalities when he already knew he wanted to be with her. But maybe she really didn't want him...

He guided her to a seat and nudged her into it. She dropped down like a marionette with cut strings. He sank down next to her. She just looked at him, brows knitting.

"I don't understand," she said, voice lost.

"You didn't give me a chance to explain. When I said I didn't want to date you anymore, I meant it." He tried to smile. It hurt like a whore, and the blood pooling on his upper lip felt disgusting. He could taste it in his mouth. "I didn't want to just have meaningless sex with you again. Not without telling you exactly how I feel."

A touch of fire snapped in her eyes, clearing away some of the fog. "You might have started out with that instead of what you said."

"I know. I'm an idiot." He caught her chin in his fingers. She was a mess. Her eyes red-rimmed, her hair everywhere in a wild blond cloud, her makeup streaked by sweat. He'd never seen her more beautiful. "And I don't blame you for running away. I could have done that better."

Her gaze dropped to the shoe. "Why is there a ring on my shoe?" she asked, her voice practically a whisper of a whisper.

"I'm getting there."

He slid off the seat. His everything hurt; he'd hit the side of the bus pretty hard. But that didn't matter right now. Ignoring the twinge in his spine and the creak of his knees, he sank down to one knee in the bus aisle. A chorus of gasps and excited chatter rose around them. He felt like an actor on a stage, audience and all-but there was nothing feigned about his feelings. This was too real. So real it was frightening, so real he couldn't stand to let it go. Without Brianna, his life would feel like a shell. Like he was going through the motions.

He couldn't stand the thought of going back to a life like that.

She was still staring at him, flushed, her hands fretting together in her lap. She darted a nervous glance around. "Thomas, I-"

"Let me, sweetheart. Please. Talking is a little painful right now. I'd like to at least get it out before the swelling gets worse."

That got a weak, shaky laugh out of her, at least. His smile widened. Or maybe that was just his lips puffing up.

This was not how he'd imagined this going.

Then again, he'd planned his proposal to Nicole. He'd planned it so perfectly it had gone off without a hitch. Perfectly scripted. Passionless. Predictable. Fake. Just as fake as his marriage had been. This was real.

And there was no way in hell he could let this go.

He reached for her hand and enfolded it in his, gently stilling her trembling fingers against his palm. He took a deep breath. He'd planned a careful speech, too, every word precisely chosen...but that speech had been for a woman like Nicole. And Brianna deserved better.

As real as she was, she deserved the real Thomas.

"I'm an ass**le," he blurted out. "I'm a blundering, stupid idiot. I came into your life and put us both in a compromising position that could have screwed up your career and mine. I have no clue how to tell you how beautiful I find you without repeating the same thing until I sound like a recording, because I suck at flattery. I came stomping into your family and started swinging around like I had the damnedest clue what I was doing, when I know as much about what to do with a kid as I do with a nuclear reactor, and with pretty much the same results. I've gotten a black eye and a broken nose all within a week of each other, but I've never been happier."

She pressed her knuckles to her mouth, her lips twitching. "Like mother, like son. At least it wasn't your eye this time."

He chuckled. "I should start wearing padded armor." He shook his head. "No. Scratch that. I'm tired of wearing armor around you, Brianna. I'm tired of keeping you out. And even if I'm an ass**le, and an idiot, and a lot of other stupid things...I love you. I love you, I love your kids, and I want to be a part of your family. A real part of your family. I couldn't stand to even think about buying a house in Vegas, because it wouldn't be a home without you in it."

She was looking at him again, her expression stricken. His heart inched a little further south, relocating a few ribs down, somewhere around the spatter of blood spots staining his shirt. Hell. She wasn't going to make this easy, was she?

Fine. He'd do this the hard way, and for once he wouldn't hold back.

"I understand if you don't love me. And you don't have to give me an answer now, whether it's yes or no. I know you probably need time to think. And if you don't want me around your kids that much, I understand. I know they come first. And I...I'm not trying to replace Michael-"

"Shut up," she said. Her voice cracked. She pressed her fingertips to his lips, her skin stained with his blood. "You talk too much, you know that?"

"I might have heard it once or twice before," he said wryly.

She smiled. He could barely see the hazel of her eyes past the reflective sheen of tears. "You can't replace Michael," she said, and his gut knotted up tight. He braced himself, started to let go of her fingers-but she held on tight. "I don't want you to. I was never looking for a replacement for Michael. I never wanted you as a substitute for him. Yes, I'll always love him for who he was." She hesitated. "But I also love you for who you are."

Thomas's heart stopped. Either he was hearing things past the throbbing in his skull, or she'd just said she loved him. Him, not some fictionalized expectation of who he should be. Not the man Nicole had wanted or the slick, smiling ass**le he pretended to be for work.

Him.

He let out a whoop-then groaned and clutched at his face. "Ow."

"Idiot," she said, then laughed and cupped his cheek gently. "I love you, Thomas. But everyone's staring at us, and if you don't ask me now I might black your other eye for Zach's sake."

"Ask...? Oh!"

He'd almost forgotten the shoe he was clutching like a lifeline. Brianna loved him, and that had eclipsed everything else. He let go of her hand and fumbled the ring free from the shoe; he'd wedged it on too tight, and with his swollen fingers he couldn't get a grip on it.

"Let me," she said with patient amusement.

She took the shoe from him and gently slid the ring free. He closed his fingers around hers and captured the ring against her palm, looking up at her. Her golden hair was like a halo, wild as she was, framing that lovely smile that he'd do anything to keep on her face.

"Brianna Faulk," he said, and hoped to God he wouldn't trip on the words that meant more to him than any words in his life. "Will you marry me?"

Her fingers curled into a fist inside his. "If you marry me, you marry my kids."

"There's nothing I want more."

"Then..." Oh God, was she trying to kill him? That pregnant pause nearly turned his heart to stone, that unreadable look in her eyes-before she broke into another smile, so brilliant it filled him up with all the love, the life, he'd been missing for so many years. "Yes," she said. "Yes, I'll marry you."

A sudden chorus of cheers, shouts, and catcalls cut off Thomas's response. He startled, blinking and looking around. He'd forgotten they were on a public bus surrounded by people. Those people were grinning now, laughing. A burly-looking man with a hardhat in his lap gave him a thumbs-up. An older woman, her nut-brown skin wizened and grooved, favored him with a kindly nod, her dark eyes gleaming.

"Well, go on, young man," she said, her voice creaking and whispery. "Kiss the girl."

He laughed. God, he couldn't even feel the pain anymore. He swiped a hand across his mouth. Once. Then twice. Finally, it came back clean. "Gladly."

He drew Brianna down to him with their clasped hands and kissed her. Despite his bloody nose he could taste only her-her sweetness, her laughter, her warmth, her love. He'd always felt he was missing something in his life. Always thought it was just another midlife crisis he'd fill with a sports car and an executive title and a nice house, but all those things were empty. They didn't matter.

What mattered was the woman whose mouth fit so perfectly against his-and the way she fit so perfectly into his heart.

Pulling back reluctantly, he stroked her fingers, coaxed them apart, pried the ring free. And when he slipped it onto her finger, gliding it over the softness of her knuckles, her breath hitched and she stared at him with wonder.

"You really mean it," she whispered, and ran her thumb over the ring.

"I always will. Now, and when you've been Mrs. Jones for fifty years."

"If you survive for fifty years," she said, and laughed as she stroked his jaw with a sweet, tender touch before reaching up to pull the cord for the bus to stop. "Let's get off here."

He rose to his feet. His knees popped, and he hissed through his teeth. "Back to the hotel?" he asked.

"No, dummy. To the hospital." She twined her fingers in his. The warmth of the ring pressed into his palm, and she looked up at him with a trust, a need, that he would hold on to for the rest of his life. "Then I'm taking you home...where you belong."

Epilogue

They'd come full circle.

Brianna stood at the open window of the honeymoon suite of the Lana'i Resort and looked out over the Hawaiian shoreline, the sand brilliantly white beneath the moonlight, the water a blue like midnight suede. The scent of the tropical air was like wine, light and floral with just a tang of salt and a hint of fruity sweetness. She closed her eyes and breathed in with a smile. One night in a hotel had led to so many amazing things.

And now, in another hotel an ocean away, she'd get to spend her first night with her new husband.

No kids. No interruptions. No drama. Just her, Thomas, and the ache that had been building between them since the day he'd proposed.

They'd managed to steal a few moments together. Twining together hastily on her desk in the back office of the Golden Hand Casino. Biting her hand to keep from screaming as they wrapped around each other in the shower, the one place her children seemed to recognize as too sacred to walk in on. Clinging to each other under the covers and praying Katelyn wouldn't have another nightmare right now, when Brianna was so close-though Katelyn usually did, and so close was never close enough.

She loved her children. But she loved Thomas, too, and right now she wanted to love the things he could do to her.

The suite door opened, and a pile of luggage on two legs walked in, cursing and reeling. Thomas dropped the suitcases with a wheeze. "Good God, why wouldn't you just let me tip the bellhop?"

"Because he was half your size, and you could use the exercise."

"Are you saying I'm going soft?"

"I'll have to find out for myself."

She pushed away from the window and crossed the room. His arms wrapped around her and jerked her roughly against him with a fierceness that made her instantly wet. No, there was nothing soft about him-and the hardness pressing against her stomach reminded her that she hadn't had a taste of him since before the wedding ceremony.

He sighed, warm and content. "You know, I was thinking about this right before I met you. All that's missing is the ice-cold beer."

"What?"

"Nothing." He laughed, and the sound rumbled through her until her toes curled. "I'm just being an idiot. It's my way of saying I'm happy."

She bit her lip and reined herself in, reaching up to carefully touch his cheekbone. "Your nose looks better."

They'd taken the tape and bandages off before the wedding, but there was still a slight bump and crook to his nose. She thought it was adorable-but she'd never tell him that.

He grimaced. "I still think my sense of direction is permanently shot now."

"You're not a pigeon, navigating with the iron in your nose."

"No, right now I'm a dog and you're in heat." His hands slid up her back. His grin was devilish, dark. "That makes you my-"

"If you finish that, it'll make me the wife who made you sleep on the balcony."

"That's not happening...Mrs. Jones."

He dipped down and swung her up into his arms with easy strength, his powerful muscles bunching in ways that made her melt. She squeaked and clasped her hands behind his neck.

"I thought you were supposed to carry the bride across the threshold."

"Across the threshold, to the bed...same difference. But if you want, I can go back out and bring you back in."

"No," she said. "Just kiss me."

His dark, hungry smile was the only warning before he possessed her mouth with a hunger and intensity that swept her away in the sizzling fire between them. Kissing Thomas was like flipping a switch; the pent-up passion inside her broke free, infusing her with a wild desperation that left her hot, needful, her body tight and quivering with consuming hunger. His tongue caressed her lips, her mouth with a desire that made each stroke resonate through her entire body until her br**sts felt heavy and her ni**les peaked against the thin fabric of her sundress.

"Brianna," he gasped.

She nipped at his upper lip. "Tell me you love me."

He tumbled her to the bed. His long, hard body covered hers. He looked down at her with a possessive intensity that made her stomach flutter. His breath came harsh, and he spread a broad, rough hand over her stomach, stroking slowly upward until his fingertips grazed the underside of her breast.

"I love you," he whispered, then dipped his head and took her nipple into his mouth, sucking through the cloth. She arched and wove her fingers into his hair with a gasp.

His teeth teased her gently, tugging carefully, taunting and grazing, before he covered her dampened breast with his palm and kneaded with a delicious strength that stopped just short of pain-a heated firmness and strength that left her writhing and arching up to thrust into his hand. He left a trail of fire everywhere he touched, burning her alive.

She needed to taste him. Her mouth trailed down his neck, and she pushed his light linen shirt back to nibble at his shoulder. Her hips rolled up against his, and she ground against him until he let out a tortured groan. That one sound made her feel wanton. Wild. Beautiful. Seductive. She spread her legs with a willingness that was deliciously shameful, wrapping her thighs around his hips until he pressed flush against her.

"Oh God," she gasped, and bit at his throat. His c**k teased her, pushing her panties into her wet, slick folds until she whimpered. "Oh God, yes!"

His mouth found her ear. His rushed breath teased her; his teeth captured her earlobe and tugged. "I love you. I love you more than anything," he whispered.

"Don't talk," she said, then sucked in a sharp breath as his thumb flicked her nipple. "Just kiss me again."

He answered with a kiss so fierce it drove all thought from her mind. She loved him like this. Loved when he let her see the wildness of him, the primal need that turned him from a man into this beast who claimed her body with dragging, sensuous caresses and stroked her to a shaking peak. His mouth branded her, bit at her hard enough to leave pleasurably burning-hot marks against her throat, like an animal marking his territory. His hands touched her with an arrogant certainty that said he knew her body too well-and knew exactly how to drive her wild.

When his fingers nudged her panties aside and eased into her, she clung to him, digging her fingernails into his back. The pad of his thumb circled her clit in a maddening counter-rhythm to each thrust of his fingers until she was nearly dizzy, breathing so shallowly her lungs were tight, her throat aching from her cries. Her body clenched and spasmed around him, the callused texture of his fingers caressing her to a painful sensitivity. She felt like liquid fire, scorching and melting all in one.

"Jesus Christ, Brianna," he hissed. She opened her eyes to hazy slits; he watched her with a near-obsessive intensity, his lips parted, his eyes glazed.

"More," she begged, and rocked her hips into his hand. "Please, more!"

He gave her more. He worked her with his fingers until she was whimpering and lax with pleasure. He tore at her clothing, stripping her with a ruthless efficiency. His clothing joined hers on the floor, leaving his taut, sculpted body bare. She stroked her hands over him, relearning every inch of him by touch, tracing his wide shoulder, stroking her fingers through the light coating of hair sprinkled along his chest, following the thin trail down his stomach and lower.

He was ready for her, filling her hand, and with a low sound he rocked into her touch. "Brianna," he warned, voice low, dangerous. His gaze devoured her. When he looked at her, she felt like the most beautiful person ever to exist. Inch by slow inch, he covered her body with his, his weight pressing her into the mattress. He kissed the swell of her breast, brushed his fingers along her inner thigh, and slipped his fingers through her wetness until her legs trembled.

Frenzied need swept through her. Suddenly his fingers weren't enough, and she rolled him over, relishing the startled look on his face. His erection pressed against her, and with a hot little moan she stroked herself against him; his c**k stroked against her, slick with her wetness, his thickness gliding between her thighs. He dug his fingers into her hips, held her still, and positioned himself nudging against her opening.

"No," she said, and caught his hands. She pushed them down to the mattress on either side of his shoulders and leaned over him. "Me."

He licked his lips, nodding, panting. "All right."

Yet a little buck of his hips nearly undid her-and she shuddered, tightening her grip on his hands, lacing their fingers together in a silent message. Behave. For a moment longer she rubbed herself against him, then braced her knees to the bed and sank down on him with a breathy cry. He glided into her, piercing deep, forcing her thighs wider as she sank down to take inch after inch. His ragged sound was only a faint echo of the moans building up inside her. She rocked her hips and nearly fell apart as sweet, rough friction sizzled through her.

When she'd taken him fully, she fell still, gasping, savoring the sensation of their bodies joined together so intimately, his c**k buried deeply inside her. His eyes were closed, his lips parted, his head tossed back, his pulse moving fast against the strong lines of his throat. After long moments, his eyes slipped open, their dark brown molten and scorching, hungry and wild.

"Love me," he growled, and strained against her grip. "Love me, Brianna."

She rolled her hips, and he rose up to meet her. Her entire body tightened around him, and she arched back, glorying in the vivid sensuality of the rhythm that swelled and surged between them. He tore his hands free from hers and ran his palms over her stomach, up her rib cage, to cup her br**sts. His thumbs toyed over her ni**les, and she screamed, tossed her head back, and rode him with an unrestrained abandon.

She'd never known it could feel this good to let herself go, to throw herself into such wild and unrestrained sexuality. Not until Thomas caught her in his arms and didn't let her go. Their bodies crashed together again and again until sweat licked down her neck and her br**sts ached from his rough touch, until a heaviness built deep in her belly and high in her thighs and the hard pressure invading her body on every thrust was too much to bear. She plunged down on him, took him deep, then lost herself in a blinding moment of bliss and glory as desire gripped her in an iron fist and wrung every last drop from her.

His thrusts were frantic, crazed, arrhythmic, and a moment later she felt the intimate caress of him filling her, climaxing, emptying himself into her. She collapsed against his chest; his arms wrapped around her, holding her close. His heavy breathing tickled her neck, but she wouldn't trade any of it for the world.

"Fuck," he gasped, and she couldn't help an almost drunken little giggle.

"Swear jar," she said, and together they dissolved into laughter.

When they could both breathe again, he kissed her brow and stroked her hair back. "Are you all right?"

"Of course." She snuggled against him. "Why wouldn't I be?"

He kissed her nose and rolled to the side, dragging her with him; their bodies slipped apart, leaving her empty yet sated. "I got a little out of control."

"You? I was a wild woman."

"My wild woman."

"Only for you," she breathed, her finger tracing his lower lip. He caught her fingertip between his lips and nibbled.

"I'm ready for round two if you are."

"Thomas!" She laughed and swatted him. "First...I have a surprise for you."

His eyebrows rose. "Better than the one you just gave me?"

"It's a wedding gift from the kids. They made me promise we wouldn't open it until we were on our honeymoon." She pushed herself up on her arms and kissed his nose. "Give me a second."

She rolled out of bed. The night air from the open windows caressed her naked body, making her shiver. Not so long ago, she would have grabbed a robe, covered herself properly as a lady should. Now, she felt no need, and it left her feeling giddy, the way Thomas's gaze followed her greedily as she walked naked across the room to their luggage.

A small wrapped package was tucked underneath her clothing in the bottom of one of the suitcases. It had been hastily gift-wrapped by clumsy, childish hands, and as she climbed back onto the bed she offered it to Thomas.

"What is this?" He sat up and turned the gift over in his hands, then started picking at the tape.

"I have no idea. They were very secretive. Zach even blushed. Open it, silly."

Thomas ripped the paper away. Inside was a small plastic bag, red with marker and decorative designs scribbled over it in three different hands. All of their names were on it. Cody. Katelyn. Zach. Katelyn had written her K backward. Thomas smiled and traced the letters, then reached inside and pulled out a small, square object wrapped in tissue paper.

He unwrapped the paper. His breath caught. Inside was a picture frame with Family etched in elegant silver. Slotted into it was the picture of Brianna and Thomas at the tea party in Katelyn's room. So she hadn't gotten their laps after all. Instead she'd captured a perfect snapshot of Thomas and Brianna smiling, their eyes lit up with laughter. But even more, the kids had cut out pictures of themselves from other photographs and tucked them in around the edges, so they were all together.

A family. Her family. Their family.

Thomas blinked hard, his eyes suspiciously damp. "I can't believe they did this."

"I can," she said. "They love you. We love you. I love you."

"I love you, too." His throat worked in a hard swallow. "All of you."

She wrapped her arms around him and kissed his forehead, his nose, his cheek, his throat, and finally his lips. He kissed her with a passion that enveloped her in warmth. In hope. In love. He rolled her beneath him and kissed a path down to her br**sts.

"I love you," he said between kisses. "I love you. I love you. I love you."

She gasped and clasped her thighs against his hips, drawing him close until their bodies met and mated intimately. "And don't ever stop."<br/>

