CHAPTER ONE

Jennifer

THREE DAYS HAVE GONE BY and I'm starting to wonder if I dreamed the entire event with Mia, Edward, and William in that wine cave. He said he was going to take his time getting started on the new and improved 'us', but I guess when we had that conversation in the garden I really didn't take him that literally. I stare at my phone for the hundredth time since Tuesday.

When it buzzes in my hand I almost drop it in shock. Mia's name flashes on the screen and disappointment fills me, but I answer it anyway because I know if I don't she'll just keep calling and then eventually come and bust my door down.

"Hi, Mia," I say, unable to keep the sadness from my voice.

"You heard the news, then, huh?"

"What?" This is not at all what I was expecting her to say.

"The news. About William."

"Mia,what are you talking about?"

"You mean you don't know?"

"Mia!" I yell. "Stop pissing me off!"

"Geez, take a pill. I thought you knew, the way you sounded so sad. Go online and search Stratford Investments right now. I'll hold."

I keep the phone on my ear with one hand and start typing on my laptop with the other, reading the first article that comes up. It's titled Stratford Investments CEO Replaced In Surprise Move.

My heart rate picks up as I skim the news being shared on the local newspaper's website. Apparently, the day that we had our little wine tasting and walk in the garden, William left the company.

What?

And now Edward is CEO.

What-what?

"How did this happen?" I ask, dumbfounded. William gave me no clue at all that this was on the horizon. How could he have kept such important information so well hidden? I didn't see anything on his face that day other than regret over what happened with us.

Or maybe that's what I wanted to see. Maybe that expression on his face was work stress.

"I talked to Edward," Mia says casually, like the world isn't imploding. "I guess it was a big family fight or something. Came out of the blue."

I'm almost relieved to know that it wasn't my imagination that had William worried about our relationship that day in the garden. Yes, it probably means I'm selfish, but with William everything is so touch and go, it's way too easy for my feelings to flip flop around him after all we've been through. And after what happened with Hank and his wandering penis, I'm ready to believe the worst of anyone. I hate Hank for that, for making me doubt everything the minute it's not shiny and perfect.

"You talked to Edward?" I ask, jerking myself back to the present. None of this makes sense, and I'm tired of things being all crazy. I need to know what's going on. "Since when have you been doing that?"

"Oh, for a little while, not long. He was pretty shocked, though. I guess William isn't normally much of a fighter when it comes to their father."

"Wow." I'm having a hard time absorbing all of this news. "What was the fight about?" I can't help but think that William is left all alone now. I don't know much about his company or him, but I had the impression that he liked his job very much. He must be really upset. It makes my heart hurt for him.

"Edward didn't say. But he's the CEO now, and up to his ass in work. I don't think he really knows what he's doing. I guess William always handled pretty much everything."

I shake my head at the craziness. "I should probably call him."

"Who, Edward?"

My eyes cross. I feel like I'm talking to Barbie. "No, not Edward, William."

"Do you have his number?"

"I think so." I pull the cell off my ear and scroll through my received calls, looking for that number that came in several times many days ago. The ones I ignored. I want to kick myself now for giving him such a hard time. He must have had a ton of things going on that were stressing him out, and I was just adding to the pile.

Mia's voice starts up again so I put the phone back to my ear. "... well, call him if you want. I'm going to lunch with Edward today if you want me to pass on any messages to him."

"Okay," I say absently, taking the phone away from my head again and looking at the screen, wondering if I'm seeing William's number on my phone right now. I wish I hadn't erased his other messages.

I shake my head when I remember who called me at the time stamped on this particular message. Not William for sure. This one was from the apartment manager who left me a voicemail telling me my rent is due. William's number is nowhere on my phone.

Mia disconnects on her end and I put the phone down on the table.

I immediately feel like slapping myself when I realize I could have gotten William's number through Mia via Edward. I call Mia right back, but her voicemail picks up after the first ring. I disconnect without leaving a message, knowing that she could talk for an hour before taking my call. There's got to be more than one way to skin this cat.

A quick search of William's name does me no good. His phone number and address are unlisted or don't exist online. I'm chewing my lip trying to figure out who besides Mia might know how to reach him when the idea comes to me.

I quickly do another search and then dial the number I find.

My heart skips a beat when a young woman's voice comes on the line. "Stratford Investments, how may I direct your call?"

"Hello. I'd like to speak with the assistant to the CEO," I say, using my professionally polite voice while trying to hide my nervousness. I don't know why, but I have this insane idea that someone there is going to yell, "Why are you calling here, stalker?!" into the phone at me. I feel like an intruder on a life I have no business being a part of. Obviously I need medication.

"And who may I ask is calling?"

"Ummm ..." I panic, trying to decide if I should use a fake name or not. Then I feel silly for even considering it. It's not like I'm living in a spy novel. "This is Jennifer. Jennifer Moorehouse."

"Please hold."

My palms begin to sweat as I wait for the call to connect. Is this out of line, trying to track William down through his assistant? What if she's so loyal to the current CEO that she scolds me? I'm really glad I'm doing this by phone and not in person. I'll hang up if she so much as has a tone with me, and I'll never have to look her in the eye again as long as I live. This knowledge makes it possible for me to stay on the line and wait for her.

"Oh em gee, it's you!" a voice squeals into the phone.

I nearly drop my cell in surprise, but quickly recover. At least she's not yelling in a mean tone. "Hello?" I can't remember the girl's name, even though visions of her red hair are very clearly in the front of my mind. This has to be her. I can totally picture her tangled in a paper tray right now.

"Hello? Can you hear me? This is Rachel, William's ... I mean Edward's assistant." Rachel has actually learned how to put an eye-roll into her voice, giving me the distinct impression that she's not impressed with her new boss.

"Hi, Rachel, how are you?"

"Ugh, I'm terrible. But who cares about me, how are you is the question."

"I'm okay, I guess. But I was wondering ... have you heard from William?" I hope she doesn't consider this to be prying into business issues I have no right to be discussing.

I wait with baited breath for either the answer or the anger. Do I sound like a desperate woman trying to find out why a guy who isn't interested hasn't called? If she says, "He's just not that into you," I will die. I will die of shame right here on my nasty brown shag carpet.

Her voice drops to a near whisper. "No, not a single peep. Have you?"

I'm whispering too, thrilled that I'm not being called a lunatic yet. "No. That's why I called. Would you happen to have his number?"

"You don't?"

Embarrassment sets in and I stop whispering. My ears are on fire. "No. I mean, I used to, but I erased it."

"Why'd you do that?"

Yes, I am the dumbest woman on earth. Thank you for pointing that out.

"It was a mistake. Do you think you could get it for me?"

She laughs nervously. "Welllll ... heh-heh ... that's probably not going to help you much."

"Why not?"

"Because when he left here, he kiiind of threw his phone across the office and smashed it into a thousand tiny pieces. Maybe a million tiny pieces, actually. I stopped counting at fifty four."

I frown, trying to decide if she's kidding or not. Surely she didn't count pieces of his broken phone...

Her voice perks up. "But I could pass a message to him through Edward."

"No, don't do that," I say in a rush.

"Why not?"

"Because ..." I don't have a reason, actually. It just feels stupid to play pass-the-message, especially when William's brother has his old job now. Could William really be okay with that? I got the impression before that there were some conflicting feelings between the brothers.

"Because ...?" Rachel's apparently going to force a confession from me.

"Because ... I'd rather tell him myself."

"Oh. Okay. That makes sense. Do you want his home address? I'd give you his email, but the only one I have is his work one and ... well, he doesn't work here anymore."

Oh my god, is she serious? Do I want his home address? "Do you have it?" I finish meekly, feeling like a total stalker now.

"Of course, silly. I used to be in charge of having his dry cleaning delivered and buying stuff for him on Amazon." She sighs heavily. "Not so much anymore, though."

I'm so tempted to ask her for the scoop on why he's not there, but I hold back. Something tells me she's too eager to share and that William wouldn't appreciate it.

"Okay, you ready?" she asks.

"For what?" I respond, worried she's about to tell me something weird.

"You did ask me for his address ... right?"

My face burns redder. I can see Rachel's expression in my head as clearly as if I were standing in front of her. She's the one thinking she got stuck talking to a Barbie the dingdong airhead now. It makes me feel bad for thinking that about Mia, because she wasn't acting half as dingy as I am. I can't believe how nervous I am.

"Yes, go ahead, I'm ready." I rush around my kitchen trying to find a pen. I'm not ready! Ack!

She reads the number and street name out slowly, and I write it on my arm with a magic marker I found rolling around next to my aluminum foil in an otherwise empty drawer. Paper is hiding somewhere in my apartment, but I don't know where. I should probably unpack some more boxes.

"You got that?" she asks.

"Yep," I say, adding the last part of the street name. "Thanks so much." I put the pen down and too late I realize I've used permanent ink for this message. Somebody just needs to shoot me right now and put me out of my misery.

"Tell William hi for me," she says, wistfully.

"I will." I start to hang up, but I hear her voice again so I put the phone back to my ear.

She continues. "And tell him Edward is going to Scotland for that problem they were having."

"Okay." I'm sliding the phone away again, but stop when I hear her once more.

"Oh! And tell him that his father has been coming in here every day and that he got rid of our text messaging system."

"Um ... okay." I pause, waiting for more, but there's only silence. "Did you want me to tell him anything else?" I'm afraid I'm going to hang up on her by accident.

"Hmmm, let me think ..." More silence stretches between us. Her voice comes again, only this time twice as perky as ever. "Hmmmm ... no! I don't think so!"

"Okay, well, thanks again. Bye."

"Wait!" she yells, nearly busting my eardrum.

"Yes?" I ask, holding the phone away from my head just in case.

Her voice drops to conspiratorial levels, forcing me to risk it and put the phone on my ear again.

"Tell him that I'm keeping an eye on things for him. Things, you know? Well, you don't know, but tell him like that. Things. He'll understand."

"Okaaay, I'll tell him about the things."

"No," she says, "not the things. The things."

"The things," I say, feeling like I must be on some sort of hidden camera for the purpose of being mocked by an invisible audience. Is this girl for real?

"Yes, that's perfect!" she says, back to being perky. "Okay, well ... have a nice day!"

"You too," I say, staring at the phone as I press the red button to hang up. When I'm sure we're disconnected I look out into my apartment. "Wow," I say to no one but myself. "That was interesting." I feel like I just ran five miles. I need a nap to rest my poor brain, but there's no time.

I thought I'd be more nervous packing up my purse and heading out the door to William's place, but I feel strangely confident. We made a plan to see each other and I'm just following up on that plan. No big deal, right? I'm a grown-up. A professional woman. I can drive to a man's house unannounced and demand to know when he's going to take me out on a date.

Oh. My. God. I can't believe I'm doing this.

I climb into my car a bundle of nerves, my palms sweating, my stomach churning, and my head spinning. Please, God, don't let him blow me off.

CHAPTER TWO

William

THERE'S A DINNER GONG JANGLING in my head, insisting on turning my brain into jelly with its incessant ringing, ringing, ringing ...

I turn over on the couch, trying to rid myself of the nuisance, using pillows as buffer. It's then that I come to the conclusion in my fuzzy, half-sleep state that it's not a dinner gong at all. Rather, it's my doorbell.

Pulling the coverlet I've taken from my bed over my head, I sink down farther into the cushions. It is an exercise in futility, however, because this person, whoever it is, will ... not ... stop!

"Oh for crying out loud!" I yell out into the room, sending the coverlet flying and the cushions to the floor in my haste to stand and end the madness. "Bloody hell!" I trip on a wine bottle and go down on one knee before recovering. Five more strides has me to the door, and after fiddling with the lock for a moment, I'm able to throw it wide so as to greet the person who shall soon be told off in a most spectacular fashion.

"Hello," she says, giving me a smile that could melt sunshine.

I stand as still as a statue, believing that perhaps if I continue to do so, this mirage will disappear into a thin trail of smoke and I will be able to go back to my self-imposed hibernation-slash-incarceration-slash-putrefaction program.

"I couldn't reach you by phone, so I got your address from Rachel. I hope you don't mind."

My statue plan is apparently not working. This is worse than being caught with my pants down. At least then I'd be able to distract her with something wiggly. As it is, she has a full, front-row view of my self-destruction.

I haven't bathed in two days. Or is it three? It couldn't be four, could it? I don't have to turn round to know that my apartment is a shambles. I fear speaking will send her running, as my breath is reminiscent of that of a hagfish having a bad day. To say I have seen prouder moments would be a monumental gift of restraint on the speaker's part.

Her head tilts to the side. "Are you ... okay?"

I step back a couple paces, hoping it's enough to shield her from the poison that is my exhaled breath. "Certainly am, thank you for asking after me."

Her expression shifts to one of discomfort.

I clamp my mouth shut to keep further emanations from destroying whatever connection we might still have. I believe I can see a greenish-tinged fog floating in the air between us, shadows of my words left hanging in the atmosphere. I cannot think of a single less attractive thing I could offer of myself than this. Well done, William, well done.

"Okay, well, I guess I should go." She turns to leave and my heart lurches.

I must let her go, allow her to live her life in the arms of a man who deserves her, who can care for her, who can remain gainfully employed for longer than six months. That would be the right and manly thing to do, and I do still have my manhood left, if nothing else. Sometimes one must let something go and suffer the resulting pain when one wants to be unselfish and good. I can be that. I can be a good man, still. An unemployed and pitiful man, granted, but good-hearted nonetheless.

My shame is complete when she steps inside the lift and the doors begin to slide shut.

I cannot watch the rest of the tragedy that is Jennifer I-Used-To-Know-Her-Last-Name walking out of my life, so I turn round and stumble into the salon, not even bothering to shut the door behind me. What would be the point? It's not like anyone's going to come in here, save my father's lackeys, hired to toss me out on my arse. Their arrival is imminent. He has all but promised it.

"Are you completely serious?" comes an angry voice from the doorway behind me.

I pause and turn, shocked to find my lost love not so lost as I expected her to be. She should have been down to the lobby by now, but instead her form shadows my doorstep once more. Could it be that she's a fan of hagfish?

"Serious?" I ask. My brain is in a bit of a fog. "Sorry, I'm just a little ... I've had something to drink."

"I can see that." Her gaze roams the room. I should probably cringe about that, what with all the dirty laundry lying about and the inner workings of my kitchen being transferred to what would normally be the living area. But I can't quite muster the sentiment. I'm too far gone for that.

"What are you doing here?" I ask in an effort to break the uncomfortable silence.

Ungraceful? Yes. Tactless? Indeed. But dishonest? No. At least I have truth going for me. It's all I have left, in fact.

"I came to see if you were okay. I read the news about you losing your job and Edward taking over."

"Have they hired a sky writer then?" I snort at my joke. Edward would never do such a thing, but my father ... now he's a different story altogether. Bloody bastard.

She frowns, confused. "I don't think so. I read it online."

I wave the silly fog that I've created away with a careless swish of my hand, and turn. "Right, right, of course." I trip over a cushion and fall sideways onto the settee. "Bloody vultures, the press are."

Her voice is louder and more insistent. I turn around to try and discover the source of her ire.

"I can't believe this," she says.

"Can't believe what?" I ask, sitting back more thoroughly into the cushions, wiping the greasy hair from my eyes. Maybe I'll get lucky and she'll think it's hair gel making it stick in place. That's right. This is the newest fashion. Sans domicile, the nouveau trend in hairstyles and home decor.

She throws her arms up and gestures silently around the room.

"My housekeeper has gone on strike," I say by way of explanation. Then I stop before I can go any further down that road. "No, wait. That's a lie." I sigh out in relief. Honesty feels so much better than pretense. "Truth is, I let her go. Made her redundant. I haven't the dosh to pay for luxuries as such and soon this flat will no longer be my concern." A bitter taste rises up in my mouth as I think of my father and his hired help coming to chuck me out of my posh home. "Let them have it with my ruination in evidence."

I look around and examine said evidence. It really is quite disgusting, but I'm too tired and annoyed with myself to do anything about it. Oh, how the mighty have fallen.

She laughs but there's a distinct lack of humor to the sound. "I thought I was good at pity parties, but you really are the champion."

"Come again?" I squint so as to see her more clearly through my decidedly hazy vision. I'm afraid even my eyeballs could use a good squeegee-ing at this point.

"You heard me." She points at piles of clothing on the floor. "You've been living in your family room for four days now, haven't you?"

I follow her gaze. "And if I have? What of it?"

"And you've been ordering in?" She points to a pizza box. It rides atop a pile of other fast-food containers, a masterful display of engineering. I should have been a bridge builder instead of a real estate investor.

She doesn't appreciate my stacking skills though, apparently. I find I'm offended by that. "I admit to enjoying a quick meal on occasion, enjoyed inside the home."

"When was the last time you had a shower?"

I blink a few times. "That's a personal question, don't you think?" I put my arms down as the stench that is rising up from my pit area will surely give me away.

She comes over and stops just in front of me. I have to look up to see her. The ceiling spins round her head.

"And you're drunk. It's only eleven in the morning and you're completely wasted."

I lift my finger to point at her, my mouth open to deliver a stinging retort, but I'm gobsmacked into silence when she slaps my hand away.

"Get up," she demands, hands perched on curving hips.

"Excuse me ..." I'm full of righteous indignation. How dare she pop in without warning and then start acting the fishwife.

"Excuse me, nothing. Get up. I'm serious."

I stand, but only because I need to intimidate her with my height. I'll show her a thing or two about what ...

I can no longer think clearly. There are two deliciously voluptuous br**sts at eye level and they're distracting to the extreme. I cannot stand up straight because to do so would put them out of my visual field.

"Come on," she says, holding my head against her lovely bosom. "Let's get you into the shower."

"If you insist," I say, holding her about the waist, walking in a hunched over position down the hallway. I can hardly breathe, but I will not complain, otherwise she's liable to take her br**sts away from me for good and I couldn't handle that. Not now. Not when everything else has gone into the John Crapper, head first.

The sound of running shower water pulls me from my jubbly-induced thrall. When I'm pushed backwards and the nearly subzero temperature hits me, I go fully awake. A roar leaves my lungs unbidden.

"Bloody whoring hell!" I scream in tones more suited to a man who prefers to wear dresses and lipstick on week-ends. "It's cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey in here!"

"Sober up so we can talk."

"Sober up?! How about if I freeze my bollocks off first, would you prefer that?!" I stand in the middle of the shower with my arms wrapped round me, trying to hold onto the last vestiges of warmth left to my body. My clothes have gone sopping wet, clinging to me in all manner of terrible places.

"Not really, but if that's what it takes to get you to wake the hell up, then oh well."

"Oh well? Oh well? Those are my testicles you're writing off, young lady. And while I know you've never owned a pair yourself, you cannot be that callously oblivious to their value. Trust me when I say I'll not be disregarding them so easily as that."

"Good." She has the gall to smile at me, dimples and everything. "Because I kind of like you with balls."

I glare at her, but all she does is smile back. Are we really discussing my man parts in such jovial and familiar terms? Good god. I truly have fallen on hard times.

"You know, that's really irritating when you do that," I say, my volume more under control now. It could be that the intense shivering has had some effect on my sobriety. My teeth are even clacking together.

"When I do what?" She lifts a brow and folds her arms under her chest, causing her flesh to ooze out the top of her blouse.

If my goolies weren't so shrunken from the cold, I would probably be imagining my c**k buried deep inside that fleshy nest of warmth, but as it is, all I can do is envisage another man doing it. All that succeeds in accomplishing is making me even more upset with myself than I already was. I've really bodged things up this time. Might as well change my name to Edward at this point.

But no ... wait. I cannot do that. Because Edward is the CEO of Stratford Investments! Of all the buggered, cacked-up ... it's a load of old cobblers is what it is. Chucked out of the family business and replaced by a ne'er do well without a lick of common sense. He'll have the family out of silver in less than a year. That is my prediction.

I'm once more furious. "It is beyond tiresome to have you smiling at me, when what you really should be feeling is anger instead!" I reach out and pull the shower door closed between us, but I'll be damned if I'll change the temperature. So what if my protruding parts are turning blue. What does it matter? It's not like I'll be needing them anytime soon.

"Let me know if you need your back washed," she says, her voice fading in the distance.

Back washed. Back washed? I'll give her a good back washing. Visions of me doing that exact thing assail my mind.

Hmmm....

Just the idea alone is enough to sober me up a trice. I grab the shampoo and give myself a wash. A twitch of the temperature knob gives me a slightly less shocking experience as I rinse my head clean. Deciding a second dose of the bubbles couldn't hurt, I lather another handful on my head.

As I massage my scalp, my vision becomes clearer. It could also be the effect of rinsing out my mouth with the tepid water that has me finding clarity. It's possible my hagfish breath was anesthetizing me with its putridity.

The girl I dreamed of making mine and then ignored for nearly a week has shown up on my doorstep to sober me up, and she doesn't look nearly as angry as I would be in her position. She came here for me ... the jobless dosser destined for the dole. Her dedication, as misdirected as it might be, is positively invigorating.

What have I done to deserve such charity? Nothing that I can think of, save a couple decent rounds of tiddly winks, but she could have gotten that anywhere with no effort on her part. She really is the fittest of any woman I've ever known.

I turn the temperature warmer and struggle out of my wet clothing, only slipping once but catching myself before suffering a split skull. Clothing I should probably burn rather than wash is tossed out onto the floor in a heap. I help myself to some liquid shower gel, fearing she's going to disappear before I'm able to carve the stench away from my body. I need at the very least to thank her for her efforts. She's the only person who's bothered to see if I'm still alive since I left Stratford Investments. Not even my dolt of a brother has cared so much. Probably because he's too busy resting his fat arse in my comfortable Italian leather chair.

"Ready for your back washing?" she asks from behind the partially closed door.

"Nearly so," I say, now energized beyond reason. I reach out of the shower door to gather my toothbrush and paste, quickly turning my rancid mouth into one of minty freshness. Hagfish be gone!

She's waiting near the loo when I'm done, not quite smiling but neither is she giving me that look. The one that makes the goolies run for cover.

"Do you feel better?" she asks, folding her arms again.

I battle not to stare at her chest. "Quite. And may I say thank you for coming by to check to see that I still have a pulse." I bow at the waist.

"Can I wash your back for you?" she asks.

"You were serious about that?" I don't know what to make of it. Am I that bad off that she's treating me as a patient in a hospital bed? This is only one notch up from a sponge bath, and while that always seemed a tasty fantasy when I was on top of my game, right now it just seems a tad pitiful.

She pulls a face flannel from the countertop. "Hand me your soap," says she.

John Thomas takes note not only of her tone, which has gone decidedly warm, but her possible intentions as well. Surely this means she's ready to have what her friend Mia referred to as make-up sex. Is it possible to have such sex when one hasn't actually fought?

I hand her the gel and turn so my back is facing the opening to the shower. "Have at it, then. Do your worst."

She begins her ministrations. Very enthusiastically, in fact.

My eyebrows draw together in a frown. I'm not sure exactly what I expected, but this isn't it. To call her strokes vigorous would not do them justice.

"Surely my back is not that dirty," I say, bracing myself against the far wall. She really has taken what I said quite literally. "Do your worst is only an expression, you know."

"Just trying to get your circulation going so you can sober up faster. We have work to do."

I try to look over my shoulder, but decide against such further attempts when the flannel flicks soap bubbles up onto my eyeballs. I blink hard and pray for relief that is too long in coming. "Work? I thought you'd heard. I'm currently without employment." I rub my eyes hard trying to rid them of the stinging.

"Bullshit," she says.

She actually uses that foul language. I find I quite like its definitiveness, coming from her.

"You have your broker's license, and I have my realtor's license. I have clients and you need clients."

"A fat load of good that does us," I say, staring at the tiles on the wall. My eyes are watering profusely but at least I can see again. "I'm soon to be homeless. Didn't your online research tell you that?"

"Don't you have any savings?" she asks.

I frown. "Yes, but that's not the point. My father contracted for this flat as part of my position with the firm. He'll be here any day to remove me from the premises."

"No, he won't."

"He won't?"

Has she talked to him? Now that would be embarrassing.

"No," she responds, thank goodness.

"You don't know my father very well, do you?"

"Doesn't matter if he comes, because you won't be here."

"I won't?" Now there's a curious idea. "And where would I be if not here?"

"Not here wallowing in your pity party and bad personal hygiene, you mean?" she asks.

"If you insist."

She laughs. "You'll be at my place."

"Your place? Hmmm ... I don't recall your place being particularly ... commodious."

"It doesn't need to be. We're only going to sleep there."

"Together?"

"Depends," she says, her tone taking a saucy turn.

"On what, may I ask?" I'm tempted to turn around again, but veto the idea in favor of retaining my vision.

"On whether you can pull yourself out of this very unattractive tail spin you're in."

I frown. Florence Nightingale, she is not, but she does cause me to pause and reflect on my circumstances when previous to her arrival I was not considering much of anything beyond my next shot of alcohol.

"What are you thinking right now?" she asks.

"I was thinking that were I physically injured, I might fear having you as a nurse."

She flicks my arse with the wet flannel, making me jump and screech like a wee girl.

I spin round and point at her, a threat in my eyes. "You're going to pay for that, bold girl." I lift a foot and make to exit the shower.

Her eyes go wide and she backs out of the bathroom, pointing at me with a pink-polished fingernail. "Stay away from me! We're working right now, not playing!"

I leap out of the stall at her and make like a monster, with hands up and a mighty roar to bring it all home. I am well and truly frightening. The only thing missing is my hagfish breath. I regret having brushed my teeth so soon, however it doesn't matter. My war cry does the trick.

She screams and shuts the door behind her, footsteps fading off in the distance as I collapse in healing laughter. I haven't been this energized since ... the last time I saw this beautiful girl. The realization is sobering enough even without the freezing shower. How have I managed my life without her? I'm not sure of that, but I am quite sure of the fact that I don't want to know what a future without her in it would be like.

Once I know she's gone and not returning for more, I comb my hair and then stand ramrod straight, flexing my biceps in the mirror a few times. Yes, sir ... Mr. William Stratford is now back on the scene, ladies and gentlemen. And Stratford Investments? You can eat my dust because I will soon be leaving you behind.

CHAPTER THREE

Jennifer

UNLOCKING THE DOOR TO MY apartment, I cringe as the beat from the music in my neighbor's place pounds through the walls. William is behind me with four suitcases full of his clothing. I'm pretty sure he has more outfits than I do. One bag alone is holding his shoes.

"I must thank you again for hosting me," he says, pulling two suitcases over the entrance and into the foyer. He says nothing about the music nor does he give any indication that he notices it. "I will do my best not to be a bother." He takes the second set of bags and pulls them in before shutting the door behind us.

"You could never be a bother, William, don't be silly." I'm sweating just a little over the idea of having him living here with me. Twenty-four/seven is an awful lot of time to spend with someone who until recently I didn't even know existed. I had sworn after Hank that I'd never live with another man until I married him, and here I am just a few months later doing the exact opposite with a practical stranger. So much for keeping promises to myself.

But this is different, or so I keep telling myself. This isn't happening because we're in love and wanting to do a marital dry run. This is business. Just business.

"Shall I put these in here?" he asks, aiming his first suitcase towards the living room.

I sigh in defeat. Why pretend we're not going to mess around? It's just not realistic, especially since I've been thinking about his hands on me since the moment I saw him in the shower, and he hasn't taken his eyes off my br**sts since I walked into his apartment.

"No, put them in the bedroom."

He lifts an eyebrow. "My footwear sharing closet space with the deformed birds?" He glances down at his luggage. "I'm not sure my shoes will agree to that arrangement."

I smile. "Tell them to suck it up. It's only temporary anyway."

"Right. Exactly. I'll have a word." He leaves me there in the foyer with his remaining bags.

I should probably help him settle in, but I have too many other things on my mind that won't let me rest until they're done. First thing's first ... get a business license.

I'm finishing up the online registration when William gets back from the bedroom. He starts talking and I listen with half an ear.

"I've had what I hope was a very convincing tete-a-tete with my shoes and your twitter bird slippers. I believe they have come to a suitable arrangement."

"That's nice," I say, reading the fine print on the form.

"They have agreed to remain on their respective sides of the closet and have assured me they will keep their opinions to themselves."

"Good," I say, although not exactly sure what I'm saying good to. Did he say our shoes were talking to him? That's a little weird. But I can't worry about it now because my brain is stuck on this online business license application and the stupid requirements that we need to fulfill before it's official. "We're going to use your name and this address for the license since you're the broker."

"Excellent," he says, pulling a chair closer as he sits down at the kitchen table with me. He stares at my computer screen. "And you can do this all on the computer?"

"Yep." I lean back and gesture at the screen. "All done."

"You must allow me to reimburse you for the expenses," he says.

"Oh, I will. Don't worry about that." I pull up the spreadsheet that I started and show him. "See? I'm tracking everything."

He nods. "You and Ms. Meechum have some things in common, I see."

"Yeah." I look at him and frown. "Except I'm not your assistant and she was."

"Of course, of course. I wasn't suggesting otherwise. We are partners." He puts his arm around my shoulders and squeezes.

I nod, putting my attention back on the screen. "Partners. Yes. That's exactly what we are." Why that makes me a little sad, I have no idea. This was my plan to keep things formal, to focus on getting our business lives back on track. I can't go back and feel sorry for myself now. Besides, there will be plenty of time for our personal lives later. Hopefully we'll still want to have personal lives together after we've been in business like this. It didn't work out so well with Hank, but he's a different guy. That's what I hope, anyway.

"Shall we visit the properties? Make some introductions?" William asks.

"Absolutely. But first we need to visit the executive suites."

"And what is that, may I ask?" William stands and pulls the back of my chair out so I can do the same.

"A place where we can meet clients, put the face of our business. Temporary office space."

"Brilliant. Lead the way."

I look him up and down. He's wearing slacks and a short-sleeved polo. "I'm going to change into a suit. I suggest you wear one too. The Goodmans are pretty down to earth, but I want to show them they're dealing with professionals. We can do the dress-down thing later."

"Absolutely. I completely agree. Meet you in five minutes in the foyer." He winks and leaves me in the kitchen.

I hadn't stopped to consider the fact that all of our clothes are in the same room now. I chew my lip as I wonder how to handle this. My suit is on a hanger inside the door, and my shoes are in the closet, but if I walk in on him half-dressed I know I'll be tempted to say screw the executive suites and everything else. Talk about complications. Why did I think this would be easy?

A minute later William is back. "I've just realized that I've already started monopolizing your space," he says from the other entrance to the kitchen. "I'm moving to the bathroom to finish up. You're welcome to have your room back."

I smile, happy that he figured all that out without me having to say anything. Maybe he'll actually be a considerate roommate. I didn't know there was such a thing. Hank was always about Hank, and for him, I was a second thought if I was a thought at all. Maybe living with William won't be so terrible after all.

I'm in my room pulling up the first leg of my panty hose when the door opens and William is standing there in a shirt and tie. He opens his mouth to say something, and then freezes with his jaw open. He's staring at me sitting on the bed, his eyes immediately glowing bright with I can only assume is pure lust.

When I follow his gaze, I find him staring at my crotch. Too late I realize that my skirt is up around my waist and I'm not wearing any underwear.

CHAPTER FOUR

William

I'VE FORGOTTEN MY CUFFLINKS IN my valise. Deciding that enough time has passed that I could probably search them out in the bedroom without disturbing Jennifer and her change of clothing, I leave the bathroom and tap on the bedroom door as I push it open.

It's on the tip of my tongue to say that I've just come to retrieve my accoutrements, when I catch a glorious vision of Jennifer's bush. The golden palace of the Himalayas is right there, practically begging me to enter and worship at the altar.

I'm finding it quite difficult to swallow as my throat's gone bone-dry.

"Ummmm ... I'm not quite dressed," she says.

I pull at my tie, hoping for some air. "I'll just ... I'll be ..." I point at my valise, but I cannot for the life of me wrench my eyes from the view of her sitting spread-legged, in a skirt, with her lady parts there for the viewing. It's the most maddening thing I've ever encountered, to be so tempted and yet so determined to do the right thing.

I wish to be Edward right now, because Edward would pounce without a second thought or a wisp of guilt. I, on the other hand, must walk the high road and be the gentleman.

"William, when you look at me like that I can't focus on what we're supposed to be doing."

"Right." I immediately move my eyes to the ceiling. "Is this better?"

She laughs. "Not really. You're still standing there looking adorably sexy. You shouldn't be allowed to wear that suit."

I fold my lips into my mouth and press them together, trying to rein in my smile. My fingers have gone tingly, no doubt because all the blood in my body is now rushing to my nether regions.

"I can't imagine what you're talking about," I say after a moment of failing to control myself. "Adorable? I haven't even put my on cufflinks yet."

I hear a thump and it draws my attention back to her. She's dropped the leg she had folded over and has moved back on the bed a bit.

My heart races as I take in the possible meaning associated with her body language. She's leaning back on her elbows but her skirt is still riding up at her waist. I can see everything.

My c**k goes painfully hard, pushing out the front of my trousers like a camping tent. It throbs with need causing my balls to pull up painfully.

"This is never going to work," she says, staring at my waist.

"What isn't going to work?" Surely she doesn't mean John Thomas, because I am quite sure he will work at one hundred percent capacity, despite my recent side-trip down skid row. I'm feeling right as rain, especially with the delightful view here in this flat.

"Living together and trying to run a business. We're supposed to be going out the door right now and all I want to do is get naked with you." She sighs, perhaps with disappointment.

Man the lifeboats! This ship is going down!

I take a deep breath in an effort to calm myself and approach this situation rationally. I shift my gaze to her face, which makes it just a bit easier to focus, but not much.

"How about this ..." I must find a way to word this suggestion without sounding the cad. Gently, William, gently... "I propose that we remain mostly clothed, but rid ourselves of the current tension we are suffering in a brief but satisfying tryst, and then of course we would go about our business." It seems perfectly reasonable to me. Almost scientific in a way, completely not motivated by the hardness growing ever stronger between my legs.

She laughs softly. "Is that your way of asking for a quickie?"

"It could be," I say. "Do you mean to say that we could make love and then leave directly after? Snog and run?" I never pegged her for a woman who would be satisfied with such a thing, always picturing her wanting only true lovemaking with all the bells and whistles. I considered our dalliance in the club all my idea, my singular passion fueling the fire while she just went along for the ride, being a good sport. I'm aroused even more, knowing she is more varied in her tastes and just as willing to forego traditions under certain conditions as I am.

"Fuck and run," she says, the devil in her eyes. "That's what I mean."

I yank at my tie, pulling it to the side enough to open my top button. I cannot afford to pass out from asphyxiation when all is being offered to me like this, possibly a once in a lifetime opportunity or a rare one at least.

"I'm in," I say, a little breathlessly. "Just one moment and I'm all yours." I fumble with my wallet that I've pulled from the pocket of my jacket hanging nearby and locate a condom, making short work of getting it in place. My trousers gather round my ankles, too caught up in my shoes to come off without distracting effort. I look the fool, but I haven't a care. I'm about to enter the mighty kingdom, the glory hole of all glory holes, the deep, dark, lovely place I like to think of as home.

Jennifer pulls the last bits of her skirt up higher and opens her legs to me, reaching down to touch herself when she's done.

A moan escapes me as I watch her pink finger slide into her wetness. I wonder if she has any idea how much this gets to me. I would do anything just to watch her do that some more. Truth be told, I would even clean her bathroom in exchange for allowing me some good old-fashioned lechery. I really am in a pitiful state.

"I'm ready for you," she says.

My balls leap for joy as I shuffle over, endeavoring not to trip on my trousers. I collapse to the bed on top of her, propping myself up with my hands on either side of her head to keep from smashing her to bits. The bell end of my c**k is knocking on heaven's door, breaking through the first level of warmth and completely ready to bury itself in the remainder. It practically dances in anticipation. I have very little control left.

"Are we doing the right thing?" she asks, her eyes dark and full of passion. "We talked about waiting..."

"Anything that feels this good cannot possibly be wrong," I say, pushing in deeper. I am a selfish cad. I will feel badly about it later, I promise.

She closes her eyes and moans. "I agree ..."

I'm so taken with her, it feels as though a confession is in order. It leaps from my lips unbidden. "You feel so good to me, Jennifer. I've missed this. I've missed you."

She smiles languidly, her eyes still shut as her hips move in a sensual rhythm. "Me too, William. Me too." Then, without warning, her eyes fly open and she grabs my arse, pulling it toward her. "Now hurry up and f**k me so we can go to work."

Never a man to disobey a direct order from a woman holding my c**k prisoner, I push with the energy of a starving person scrambling for his last bit of sustenance. I'm seized with sensations that threaten to overwhelm my good sense. I want to literally nail her to the mattress using my c**k as the hammer, but the last bit of gentlemanly emotion left in me eases off enough to allow her the comfort to which she's entitled.

"Yes, William, yes," she says, holding me tight, her body bucking and heaving below me.

I've never known a woman to be this enthusiastic. It's intoxicating. My c**k cannot get enough. She's literally pulling the orgasm out of me, massaging my entire length with her deepest muscles. It threatens to cause embarrassment, being this close to the end when we've only just begun.

"Hurry, William, hurry!" she begs.

Is she worried about her orgasm or our appointments? I don't know, nor do I care. I'm beyond controlling this runaway train. If I try to stop now, it'll jump the tracks and I'm liable to be run flat.

"Sorry, love, but I'm nearly there," I grunt out, trying to conjure images of ugly old women to slow myself down.

"I'm coming! I'm coming!" Her hips are jerking up and back, her fingernails digging into my back, and her neck arches as she lifts her br**sts up to my chest.

It's all really too much for me. Forget visions of old hags and their chin warts. I have this nubile beauty exploding beneath me. Why am I holding back? Bloody ridiculous, that idea was. I am the champion of sex! Watch while I take this woman to task!

"Harrrr!" I yell, now apparently a demented pirate in the middle of blowing his load. Unfortunately, eloquence has never been a part of my love-making repertoire. Luckily it does not interfere in the process for either of us.

Ecstasy surges through my entire body and exits into hers. I'm lost in a dizzying haze of sensual bliss. As my body jerks out the last of my energy, I think to myself I should thank goodness that I'm wearing a condom or I'd probably father a child strong enough to lift buildings with this sperm. I feel as though I'm Superman, even as I collapse on top of her completely spent.

She starts laughing as soon as she catches her breath.

John Thomas immediately responds by shrinking to half his size.

"Was it that amusing?" I ask, almost afraid for the answer.

"Amusing?" she asks, her face one big smile. "No. More like amazing." She takes me in a strong embrace that threatens to deprive my brain of oxygen. "That was so much fun. Come on, though. We have to go." She pushes me off and sits up, busying herself with fixing her skirt.

I roll onto my back and stare at the ceiling, my still be-condomed winkle lying flaccid on my thigh. I'm too bollocksed to think straight nor care about the unattractive scenery my used c**k makes of itself.

She pats me on the leg. "Come on. No lying around. Time to get busy."

"I thought I just did get busy. Isn't it time for a nap now?"

"No. Up and at 'em. Come on. They're waiting for us at the executive suites place."

I sit straight up, buttoning my shirt and fixing my tie. "Why didn't you mention that sooner?" The condom snaps off with only a minor bit of pain to be placed on a tissue at the bedside table.

She laughs. "Would you have come quicker?"

"I could have." Frowning as I consider my performance, I decide that yes, I could have come quicker. Those hag-visions did have an effect. "Yes. Definitely. I can do better."

She laughs and stands, throwing her nude leggings off to the side. "I'm going naked. Come on."

I stop in mid trouser-pulling-up to stare. "Are you certain that's appropriate?"

"I mean without hose. I won't be naked or commando." She walks over to a bureau and pulls out a pair of lace panties.

"Indeed." It's all I can think to say in reply. What she means by being a commando, I'm not sure, but I've no doubt that I'll discover its import at some point, now that we are flatmates. It does sound exciting, I will admit.

I go brainless with delight as she steps into her panties and pulls them up to her hips, settling her skirt around her legs after.

I must say, I've never lived with a woman, yet I find it's been quite enjoyable so far. I can imagine that watching Jennifer dress would be motivation in itself to get up in the morning. Clearly, while having graduated with honors from university, I still have the brain of a fourteen year old.

When she first mentioned the idea of me moving in here, it was a bit unsettling. Now I find I quite like the idea. I shall endeavor to be a grateful and courteous flatmate. Then perhaps I could be assured of some more of these f**k-and-run events. Our partnership is already paying dividends.

"I'll meet you at the door," she says, headed for the hallway. "I have to go have some OJ."

"Right. As you were." I buckle my trousers and tighten the knot of my tie before pulling my jacket from its hanger. I cannot remove the smile from my face, nor do I want to. Life is very different from how I imagined it would be here in America, but I wouldn't change it for anything.

CHAPTER FIVE

Jennifer

EVERYTHING IS GOING SO SMOOTHLY, I'm almost afraid of my future. Obstacles have always been a part of my life, but here I am with an official business office, a license to do my work, and a seriously hot business partner, all accomplished in one day. Life is way too good, and scary as a result.

I can't stop stealing glances at William. He's driving his sports car, easily moving through the gears and negotiating the traffic as we make our way over to see the Goodmans. He said he wants to put as many miles on it as possible before his father takes it away, and since I'm not above petty revenge myself, I agreed to leave my car at home.

"Everything all right?" he asks me, looking over at me with concern. "You haven't said anything since we left the executive suites."

"I'm fine," I say, not very enthusiastically.

"Did I do something wrong?"

"No, don't be silly." I pat his hand as it rests on the gear shift, trying to assure him that I'm not mad at him. "You did everything right."

"Why do you make it sound as if doing everything right is doing it wrong?"

I have to laugh at that. "Because I'm a screwball?"

"I'm sorry, but I cannot agree with that. You're my business partner, which shows a distinct lack of screwball-ed-ness on your part. I find you quite brilliant, in point of fact."

"You're right," I say, nodding my agreement. "You're absolutely right." I'm smiling now and it's real. I can feel the good mood down to my toes. It's weird to be this happy over something this risky. And I'm not just taking a personal risk, I'm taking a business risk too. I must be insane. Forget screwball ... that doesn't even begin to cover it.

William breaks into my thoughts, stopping them short. "So tell me about these clients of yours. Give me some insight into your dealings and the property itself so I can be prepared for their questions and concerns."

This is good. We'll talk business and it will get my mind off our personal life and the fact that I can still feel him between my legs. Did we really just go at it like rabbits on my bed an hour ago? Our whole plan to hold off and date first went right out that window. I wish I could drum up some regret over that, but I can't. It felt way too good.

Focus on business. That's what I have to do. Focus, focus, focus...

"Well, they're a married couple who've been together forever. They have several kids who I haven't met. They've owned this property since they were first married, so maybe fifty years. They used to run a jewelry business out of the bottom floor and lived above, but now the entire thing is vacant. They just want to sell so they can move to Florida and buy a condo there."

"And you mentioned it's in the Heights ..."

"Yes. As you know, it's been a depressed area for a long time, but I'm thinking it's ripe for a new look, a new generation of buyers to come in and renovate."

"Have you taken a look at the crime statistics?"

"Yes, and they're encouraging, actually. They have several new people on the staff of the local police department who are really making some headway along with some government funding that's helping with some specific task forces. I've pretty much looked into everything else too. Schooling, big business moving into nearby areas, city planning maps, and so on. And the building itself is great. Good bones and some really nice architectural detail."

"So you're not thinking tear-down?"

"You could. Or you could just renovate. It has a lot of possibilities."

"What about the neighboring properties? Are they for sale? What's the status with them?"

"I haven't been able to reach the other owners for the properties on either side. One is deceased, so I think it's all being held up in probate. The son of the man who owned it hasn't responded to my letters. And the other, pretty much the same thing. I've sent letters but I get no response. As far as the rest of the block, I haven't done any work there."

"Perhaps a personal visit to the ones who you've already started with would be in order."

I shrug. "Sure. If you think it's best."

"Any reason why you haven't already done that?"

I shrug, feeling less than businesslike with my answer. "I guess I didn't want to be pushy. These are older people and they don't really appreciate the hard sell."

He nods, but says nothing.

"Just turn here and find an empty space," I say, pointing out the windshield. "This parking lot comes with the building, by the way."

"Excellent," he says, turning into the nearest space and shutting off the engine. "We're right on time."

"They'll appreciate that. They're retired but they still keep regular hours as if they weren't. I think they play a lot of tennis too."

"Good to know." William gets out of the car and comes around to get my door, which I've already opened. I feel like a princess giving him my hand so he can help me out.

"And I thought all the gentlemen in the world were extinct," says a voice from the sidewalk.

I turn around with a smile. "Hello, Mrs. Goodman, so nice to see you." I walk over to shake her hand.

"And you," she says, but her eyes are on William. "And who is this young man you've brought with you today?"

I hold out my hand in introduction. "Mrs. Goodman, this is William Stratford, my business partner."

William steps up and takes her hand gently. "It is my pleasure to make your acquaintance. Please call me William."

"William, nice to meet you. Call me Agatha."

He nods once and takes a small bow. "Agatha, thank you for taking the time to meet with us today on such short notice."

I am not going to be jealous over the fact that he's on a first-name basis with her before I am because it's obvious she's taken with him. I'm trying not to get too excited over that. She could go with her choice of brokers and realtors, so I have to work hard to be sure she never has a reason to leave us. William's charm alone will not be enough to keep us in business.

"What happened with that man ... Henry or Hank I think his name was?" Mrs. Goodman is looking at me now. "I thought he was your partner."

My face burns pink. "Actually Hank and I haven't worked together for many months."

Mrs. Goodman frowns. "That's not what he said just yesterday. He told me you were on his team and that I could be working with both of you if I just agreed to the new contract he gave me."

I'm so angry I can't think of what to say in response to that awfulness. I'm afraid I'll come right out with the bold truth about what a horrible, lying sack of shit Hank is if I say anything at all. Thank goodness William is here to save me from myself.

"How about you give me a tour of your property? Then we can discuss teams and contracts after, if that's what you wish to do." He looks up at the facade of the building and rubs his hands together. "This place looks like it has a very interesting history."

"Oh, it does," Mrs. Goodman says, her expression shifting instantly to one of pride. "My husband and I have been coming here six days a week for nearly fifty years ..." Her voice fades in the distance as she moves off to lead William on a tour.

"I'll just wait here," I say to their backs. They continue on without me, but William looks over his shoulder and gives me a wink before they disappear through a door, so I know they heard me.

I cannot wait to get my phone out and call that bastard Hank.

He picks up on the second ring. "Are you ready to come back to me?" he asks without even saying hello first.

If he were in front of me, I'd punch him right in the face. God, what did I ever see in him? I must have been blind, or at least very, very near-sighted. I feel a little sick thinking about how much time I spent with this man. What a snake. He wasn't even good in bed.

"Hank, get over yourself. You are the very last man I'd ever go back to, trust me."

"I find that hard to believe," he says, completely full of himself.

"Whatever. I'm calling because I don't appreciate you telling my clients that I am part of your team, and I also don't appreciate you lying to them and trying to trick them into signing on with you. That's low, Hank, even for you."

"It wasn't a lie. Technically you're still on my team since I run the show over here now. You can't go rogue, as you well know. You're not a broker. Your license is here, so you're on my team. Simple."

I can't keep the satisfaction from my voice. "Actually, you'd better check the records again, dumbass. I'm not with you any longer, I'm with William Stratford, so you can back the f**k off my clients and go find your own business elsewhere."

"William Stratford? I read about him in the paper. That guy got fired from his last job. You can't work for him." Hank laughs. "He's just as jobless as you are."

I sigh loudly so he'll get the point that he's a complete idiot. "You really are clueless aren't you? Oh well. Not my problem. Have fun with your new girlfriend."

"Wait!" he yells. "I need to talk to you still!"

"Sorry. I'm busy. And don't call me ever again because I won't be answering." I hang up before he can reply.

"Trouble in paradise?" a man says behind me.

I turn to find Mr. Goodman there. He's less than five feet tall, mostly bald, and covered in liver spots. I love him to pieces.

"Oh, hi there, I didn't see you before."

He waves his hand around in dismissal. "I was around the corner watering the flowers." We walk into the building together and he looks towards the door separating the jewelry business from the rest of the building. "Agatha inside?"

"Yes, she's giving my business partner a tour."

"Hank?"

"No, he's not my partner. He didn't realize that I'd moved on to another broker, so I guess that's why he approached you and said that I was still with him. Agatha's with William Stratford. He and I recently started our new partnership."

Mr. Goodman nods his head. "Good. I never did like that Hank person. Seemed kind of sleazy to me." He gives me an apologetic look. "He was lucky to have you. If it hadn't been for you we would have gone elsewhere."

I beam with happiness. "That's very kind, Mr. Goodman. Thank you for telling me."

He points at me and pokes the air a few times. "You've got the right attitude, missy. Respectful, smart, and full of good ideas. Me and the missus believe in you. That's why we're sticking with you."

I want to hug him, but I restrain myself by folding my hands together and squeezing. "Thank you so much. I promise to work really hard to find you the right buyer."

"Good. How about a cup of coffee?"

I nod. "That would be wonderful."

I'm just finishing up the cup he poured for me when William and Mrs. Goodman come back downstairs to join us.

Mrs. Goodman is the first to talk. "Lionel, you're here! Good. You can meet William Stratford." She turns to glance at him. "He's been sharing the most interesting ideas with me. I can't wait for you to hear them."

I blink a few times, making sure I don't let any negative emotion show. Ideas? What ideas? I'm getting a sick feeling in my stomach as I think of Hank trying to work around me and take my clients. This isn't happening again, is it?

I give myself a mental shake. It can't be happening again. William is my partner. Not only that, he's my roommate.

Ugh. Hank was my roommate too!

My heart fills with dread. What have I done? I pray it's not something stupid, like repeating mistakes I should have kept in my past.

"Nice to meet you, William," Mr. Goodman says, shaking his hand.

"Nice to meet you as well, Mr. Goodman." William turns to me. "Actually, the ideas that I was sharing with Agatha are not mine. They're Jennifer's. She's got quite the vision where this neighborhood is concerned. When we originally spoke, I had it in my mind that a demolition was in order, but she convinced me otherwise. Now I find I quite like the idea of a renovation. This building has character."

The Goodmans look at me and smile.

"We knew she was the one for us," says Mrs. Goodman. "Right from the start, she just knew what we were looking for." She looks at William almost with an apology in her expression. "I know you probably think we're silly old fuddy duddies, wanting our building to go to the right person ... it's only real estate after all. But we've spent a large portion of our lives here."

Mr. Goodman takes her hand and continues the explanation. "All of our children grew up inside these walls. They graduated high school and college and came back here to celebrate with us. Our grandchildren play on this floor when their parents are out for dinner." He looks at the scuffed surface. "Memories like that are hard to kill."

"I assure you, we are not interested in killing any memories," William says. "We want to bring this place back to its former glory. Some of the rooms will need to be changed around and obviously electrical and plumbing will need to be brought up to code, but that should be easy enough." He steps in closer and puts on a serious expression. "What would be really nice would be to be able to discuss the properties on either side of you and perhaps down the block as well. We could make a really big project, a cohesive one that could bring in some serious investors if we could put them all together."

The Goodmans share a look before Mr. Goodman responds. "We could put you in touch with most of our neighbors."

My eyes bulge out. When I mentioned it before they didn't really answer me or acted distracted.

Mrs. Goodman looks at me. "To be fair, Jennifer did ask us for that information before."

I nod, keeping my words and my hurt feelings to myself.

"We didn't want to say anything until we spoke to them first, and then with this Hank person calling us non-stop for weeks ..."

"Weeks?" I ask, wondering if their old age has caused them to forget dates.

"Months?" Mrs. Goodman looks at her husband. "Lionel, it's been months, dear. Remember? That first call was on Sandy's birthday. That was back in February."

My ears are ringing. I was still dating Hank in February, still living with him. He was going behind my back in February? I feel sick to my stomach. He was planning to steal all my clients before I found out about him and that twit. What a devious son of a f**k-faced liar he is. He is so lucky he's not here right now. I'd borrow William's keys and run him over for sure.

"Do you have the neighbor's permission for us to contact them?" William asks, either oblivious to my distress or helping us all move past it.

"I don't think you need their permission," says Agatha. "We can send you the phone numbers by the email if you want."

Mr. Goodman smiles. "She uses the email all day long. I still don't know how to use it."

"Please. Send it by the email, that would be perfect," William says, giving no indication at all that he's noticed their misnomer.

I have to hide my smile. He's really good with people, not just girls like me, apparently. Seeing him in action is making it hard for me to dwell on what a douche Hank is. I'm so lucky I found William. Please, God, don't let him screw me over.

"And what do we do about our contract?" Agatha asks.

"We can draw up a new one today and send it over to you by courier if that suits you," William supplies.

"We'll be playing handball this afternoon, but if it comes around five we should be home."

"You play handball?" I ask, kind of shocked.

"Of course, dear," Agatha says. "You don't think I wear these clothes to go shopping do you?" She's smiling.

"I thought you played tennis."

"No, we prefer handball. More action." Lionel winks at me. Then he turns his attention to William and holds out his hand. "I like you. We'll be happy to sign your contract, so long as you have Jennifer on your team."

William shakes his hand and graces them with the sexiest smile I've ever seen. "Thank you, sir. We appreciate the faith and trust you're putting in us. We won't let you down." He pauses. "By the way ... are you by any chance related to Gloria Goodman?"

Agatha brightens. "Why yes, of course. She's Lionel's sister. How do you know her?"

"She and my brother are both wine collectors," he says, smiling politely.

"You know ..." Agatha looks at Lionel, "...Lionel you should talk to her. Maybe she's like to be involved."

He nods and looks at me. "Shall I give her a call?"

I nod, my pulse picking up with excitement. I know Gloria doesn't own this building, but if she wants to invest in the project, I'd be thrilled to have her on board. "If you'd just let her know we'll be contacting her and that we have your blessing, that would be great."

The older man smiles. "I'll do that today."

"Thank you very much, sir," William says. "And madam, it was a pleasure meeting you both today." William gives them a short bow and then shakes Agatha's hand, remaining bent at the waist a little. It makes it easier for them to look up at him since he's at least a foot taller than them both. It's little kindnesses like that, that make my heart go a little crazy for him.

"I just love his accent, don't you?" Agatha asks as they walk away.

"Where's he from? Australia?" Lionel asks. They climb into a giant Cadillac and I never get to hear her answer.

I burst out laughing as soon as we're in William's car.

"What's so funny?" William asks.

"I'm not sure," I say, feeling a little lightheaded. "It could be the fact that they think you're Australian, or the fact that they play handball, or the fact that just when I think Hank can't be any more of an ass**le, he surprises me by proving otherwise."

William pats me on the leg, his fingers warm and strong. "Don't worry, darling. He'll get what's coming to him, trust me. In the meantime, I believe we've earned the right to celebrate."

I look at him out of the corner of my eye. "Are you talking about another quickie?"

He blinks his eyes a few times before responding. "Actually, I was thinking about a drink at the local pub, but if you insist..."

I laugh, feeling the tension leave my body. "No, I think I'll go for that drink, actually."

"I knew it," he says, banging on the wheel. "It was too fast, wasn't it? Damn those br**sts of yours."

"Damn my br**sts?" I'm feeling giddy with happiness. He's so silly.

"Yes. I cannot hold back when I'm in their thrall. I tried to think of ugly old hags when we were making love, but it didn't work."

"I'm not sure whether to be disturbed or impressed that you're thinking of those things when we're in the middle of having sex."

"Be impressed, I beg you."

I can't stop smiling, even when we walk in the pub near my apartment and find Mia, Edward, and Rachel there finishing up what looks like a very long and involved lunch together.

CHAPTER SIX

William

A CONSPIRACY. THAT'S WHAT THIS is. My throat seizes up as I walk into the British-style pub and find my brother and former assistant canoodling together over fish and chips. I nearly choke with it.

"Oh my god, what is she doing?" Jennifer asks under her breath.

"Miss Meechum, do you mean? Who would know? She could be planning an assassination of the president for all we know. Don't trust her."

"Are you serious?" Jennifer looks up at me with concern in her eyes.

"No, not really. While she may be constructing the assassination plan, I don't think she'd be able to pull it off. There are too many paper trays between him and the rest of the world."

She nods. "I was actually thinking about Mia when I said that, but I know what you mean."

"That's your friend there, isn't it?" My nostrils flare. "With my brother, no less. How cosy."

"Should we hide? Leave?" Jennifer asks.

"Definitely not," I say, taking her by the hand and leading her directly over to their table. "No better time than the present to clear the air, wouldn't you say?"

"Not necessarily," she mumbles behind me.

I ignore the other diners and focus on my brother. He has not yet realized his doom draws near, the tosser.

"Oh, hey!" Mia says as we arrive at the table. I can detect no regret or hidden agenda in her tone. "I didn't know you guys were going to be here." She looks at her lunch partners. "Did you guys invite them?"

Both Edward and Rachel shake their heads no. They look decidedly uncomfortable.

"What are you doing here?" Jennifer asks, apparently no longer suffering the fear of confrontation.

"Having lunch," Mia says. "Talking business." She points at my brother. "Edward is in the market for some wine." She winks at Jennifer and smiles at me.

I raise an eyebrow. "And Miss Meechum? Is she also in the market for some wine?"

Miss Meechum shakes her head, her hair moving right along with it in a manner that reminds me of a motorcycle helmet. "No, I don't like wine very much. I'm more of a beer person."

"You're looking dashing," Edward says, finally looking at me.

"Is that a surprise, then?" I ask, annoyed that he's mocking me while pretending he's not.

He shrugs. "Dunno. Could be I expected you to be wallowing in self-pity and not out and about the town looking so swish."

Unfortunately my brother knows me all too well, but I play it off as though he doesn't. "Not likely. I've just been to a business meeting with my new partner." I put my hand on the small of Jennifer's back.

"Oh my god, you guys are working together?" Miss Meechum smiles and claps her hands together like a mad circus monkey. "That's so cute! I'm totally going to take credit for that!"

"So you're the one who fired me from my position as CEO at Stratford Investments," I say, my tone dry. "And all this time I thought it was my father."

Miss Meechum's smile and clap-fest die together, a very quick death, thank goodness.

"Och, come off it, man," Edward scolds. "You did that all on your own."

I'm using all my super-human powers not to give him the clack on the nose that he deserves. "You know nothing about which you speak, so I shall forgive your ignorance as a matter of course."

"I know a hell of a lot more than you do, that's for sure." He rolls his eyes and carelessly pops a chip in his mouth.

"How are you enjoying the chair, Edward?" I ask, hoping they cannot see the steam coming from my ears.

Edward looks down at his seat. "Fine."

"I mean the chair in my former office. It's imported Italian leather, you know."

He shrugs. "Didn't notice. Seems all right. Might be a little hot on the trinkets, though, all that leather, now that I think of it. I'll have to see about changing it for something with more breathe to it."

He's deliberately baiting me. I will not fall into his trap. "Good. Glad to hear it. Just chuck the other in the bin, then. And your assistant? You finding her services adequate?"

"Is he talking about me now?" Miss Meechum asks Mia.

Mia nods.

"She's the dog's bollocks," Edward says, smiling at her. "Smart as a whip."

Miss Meechum smiles. "Thank you, Edward. But Mr. Stratford knows that. He and I did a lot of good work together." She looks up at me and nods several times, flashing me a knowing expression.

"Mr. Stratford?" Edward laughs. "Who's that, then? My da?"

"No, I'm talking about the other Mr. Stratford." Miss Meechum points at me. "Him."

Edward looks up, his eyebrows in his hairline. "She calls you Mr. Stratford?"

"First name basis is not really how he rolls," she says, smiling way too much. I can see her silly molars from across the table.

Edward laughs. "Yeah. Stick up his bum. Always had one there. I think he was born with it."

"Okay, okay," Mia says, holding out her hands. "Enough of the pissing contest. Do you guys want to get down to business or what?"

Jennifer puts her hands on her hips. "Down to business? What's that supposed to mean?"

Mia sighs heavily. "I lied. We weren't just talking about wine."

"Oy, now you've gone and ruined the surprise," Edward says, throwing a chip at her plate.

I blink my eyes several times to clear them of the illusion before me.

"What surprise?" Jennifer asks.

"The plan to get William his job back," Miss Meechum says, smiling as though very proud of her intellectual prowess.

Jennifer looks up at me. "Do you want your old job back?" she asks.

I detect a note of vulnerability there. It makes me want to wrap her up in cotton wool and place her on a high shelf where nothing can touch her.

"Certainly not," I say, being completely honest. "I'm perfectly content with my new arrangement."

"You can't be serious, brother," Edward says. "You've worked your whole life to take over the family business."

I shake my head, my future becoming crystal clear in that moment. "No, actually, I was working my whole life to be doing exactly what I'm doing now."

"And what is that?" Edward asks. "Schluffing about begging people for their attention? Living out of a box?"

"No. Running an investment firm."

"You don't have an investment firm," he says, obviously amused. "Don't make me laugh."

"Yes, he does," Jennifer says, pride in her voice. "We are Stratford and Moorehouse Investments. And we have clients already, so you can suck it, Edward."

Edward looks at her with surprise. "I can suck it? Really? Do you mean it?"

"Yes." She nods. "You can definitely suck it."

Edward turns his attention to me. "She just told me I can suck it, William. You going to let her talk to me that way?"

"I most certainly am. In fact, I think it's an excellent idea. Why don't you go suck it, Edward?" I feel completely empowered. Who knew silliness would be so energizing?

Edward looks at his lunch date. "Mia, my brother and his business partner have both told me I should go suck it. What do you make of that?"

Mia smiles, laughing silently. "I guess maybe you should go suck it, I don't know."

"Fine." Edward stands and throws his napkin down on the table, feigning offense. "I shall leave then so that I can go suck it. Good day, ladies." He nods at the women and leaves me standing there without a by your leave.

"They have the weirdest expressions in England," Miss Meechum says. "What does that actually mean?"

"I think it means William just got stuck paying our lunch bill," Mia says, giggling.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Jennifer

"SO WHAT'S THE DEAL?" I ask, taking the seat that Edward vacated. William sits to my right using a chair he pulls over from a nearby empty table.

"Edward is sick over William leaving," Mia says. "He really wants him to come back."

William snorts. "Work has interfered in his plan to avoid work at all costs."

"Harsh much?" Mia asks.

"Their father is the one behind everything," Rachel says. "He's a real ball buster."

"I feel as though I'm stumbling around in the dark with a hood over my head," William says. "What exactly is my father behind?"

"I'm with you," I say, holding his hand under the table. "What's going on?"

"Here's the deal," Mia says, "Edward got called in to take over when William left. He's not happy about it, but he's doing the best he can. He's sure William will be back soon and he doesn't want everything in the shitter when that happens, so he's doing what he can to keep things at least in neutral."

"You're saying that he's just holding things up for my return? He wants me to come back and take my Italian leather chair back as well?"

"Yes, that's what I'm saying."

"Bollocks."

"He saw that problem in Scotland," Rachel says, nodding her head really fast. "He totally did. I didn't show him or anything and your father didn't know anything about it. He's not completely clueless is what I mean, but that doesn't mean he wants your job."

"I never did get to the bottom of that," William says, his eyes getting a faraway look to them.

It makes me feel a little bad about taking him away from that stuff. Maybe he does want to go back and he's just saying he doesn't to make me feel better.

"Do you want to help Edward?" I ask, trying to read his mind through his expression.

He comes back to the present in a hurry. "Don't be absurd. I have no interest whatsoever in managing his affairs."

"But it's your father's company," Rachel says. She looks sad. "Don't you care about what happens to your father?"

William shakes his head. "You don't know what he's asked of me."

"Oh, I know," Rachel says, her eyebrows rising up high. "He told you that you had to be with that Ingrid woman. I heard aaaaalll about it, believe me."

The idea of them together makes me sick to my stomach. Did his father really say that? Is that why William was so upset? Is that what made him quit? No wonder he was on such a bender. It makes me love him that much more that he stuck to his guns, even going so far as to lose his job.

Love. I said the word love. Oh my god, I'm in so much trouble.

William leans in towards Rachel and narrows his eyes, completely oblivious to my distress. "From whom did you hear this, may I ask?"

I'm just trying to digest all this awfulness. His father actually told him to be with Ingrid? Why would he do that? Doesn't he even care what his son wants? And why did William refuse when this job was so important to him? Was it because of me or just his regular moral standards? I have so many questions, but I can't ask them here. Is there anywhere I can ask him this kind of thing or should I just let it go? Maybe it's not my business. I still haven't even been to the family house for brunch.

Rachel looks embarrassed. "I might have snooped a little."

"On whom? With what?" William asks. He sounds mad.

Rachel shrugs and stays that way, like she's a turtle trying to pull her head inside its shell. "I don't know. I can't remember."

"Bloody hell," William mutters, looking up at the ceiling. "Dogsbody. Dogsbody is right. Edward was right all along."

"What does that even mean?" Rachel asks. "I'm pretty sure it's an insult. Is he talking to me?" She looks first at Mia and then me.

I shake my head. "No, it's just like a cuss word or something. You know the English..." I shrug and nod, like we're commiserating.

She nods too. "Yeah. Crazy, right? But cute."

Mia puts the conversation back on track. "Okay, so old Frankie poo wanted William to get it on with Ingrid to keep her mouth shut about a certain BandE that happened."

William stops staring at the ceiling and gives Mia a sharp look.

She waves him off. "Yeah, yeah, I heard all about it. That and the secret sex tape."

"How did you hear about it?" I ask.

"Edward. He tells me everything."

My jaw drops open. "Since when are you guys so close?"

Mia shrugs, suddenly evasive. "I don't know. Since I met him... that one time..."

"What has Ingrid decided to do? Do we know this yet?" William asks.

Rachel raises her hand and bites her lip. We all stare at her waiting for her to speak, but she doesn't.

William sighs loudly. "Miss Meechum ... do you have something you want to say?"

"Yes. Thanks for calling on me." She puts her arm down into her lap. "I was going to say that Ingrid was really mad, but she made Frank ... Mr. Stratford ... an alternative deal."

"And what, pray tell, would that deal be?" William asks, his accent getting stronger. "Has he promised her my firstborn? Because she can't have it."

"No. He's actually agreed to go out with her. To ummm ... you know ... whatever." Rachel looks very uncomfortable and now she's staring at the table.

"Good god," William says, sounding a little shocked. "He's pimped himself out for the company."

"Actually he's pimped himself out for you and Edward," Mia says. Now she's mad. "He could have let you both sink with those videos she has, but instead he's agreed to spend time with her and get her to keep her mouth shut."

William's face goes pale.

"Hey, maybe they'll get married and she'll be your stepmother," Rachel says, grinning from ear to ear. "Talk about awkward. Holy awko taco."

"Perish the thought," William says, massaging his chest. He turns to look at me. "What should I do?"

I feel both sad and guilty. "Talk to him?" I can't keep him from his family or his family's business. That would be totally selfish. So what if I just started a new company with him today. So what if I just introduced him to my most important clients today. So what if he became my roommate today. God, my life is such a mess. The fiasco with Hank is starting to look like a walk in the park in comparison.

"I do need to talk to him, but not alone." William stands. "Come with me."

"Me?" I ask, my hand going up automatically to take his.

He helps me to my feet. "Yes, of course. You're my business partner, so you should be there."

Mia looks up at me, no longer mad. "That's so cute. I love it that you guys are working together. Did this happen today?"

"Yes," I say.

"It was meant to be," William says, staring down at me, a small smile at the edge of his mouth. He still looks a little sad, but at least that's better than desperately depressed, the way I found him earlier today. Was that just today that I found him wallowing in pain and sadness? Wow. What a difference a day can make.

"Awww, you guys are so cute." Rachel is resting her hands under her chin and staring up at us with goo-goo eyes. "You'd better invite me to the wedding. I totally set you guys up."

Talk about awkward. Gah! I have no idea what to say to that.

"Come on. Let's get out of here," William says, holding my hand and pulling me from the table.

"Hey! What about our lunch!" Mia yells. "You're supposed to pay for it!"

"Yes, you have to suck it!" Rachel says way too loudly, trying and failing to mimic a British accent.

I laugh as I jump in front of William and run to the door. "Come on before we get stuck with that bill!"

"Naughty girl," he says, laughing behind me.

"That's how you like it," I say, knowing it's the truth. It doesn't seem to matter what I do. William likes me no matter what.

CHAPTER EIGHT

William

I HAD CONVINCED MYSELF THAT I would never enter this building again, for as long as I lived. That declaration lasted all of five days.

I would have thought I was a more determined man than this, but circumstances being what they are, I can hardly refuse to come now. My father. Pimping himself out for the good of the family. It's too bloody awful to be believed.

I nod at the woman in reception, not stopping to ask permission to enter or share my reasons for being there. Her expression shows shock and fear, but I don't let it dissuade me from my goal. I must confront my father and convince him to retreat from his suicide mission. Nothing is worth even part of a man's life tied to that viper. Not even one day of it.

Jennifer walks behind me, reluctant but strong. I am beside myself with pride that I have her as my partner in work and in life. After I've convinced my father of his folly, my new mission shall be to convince her that she belongs with me on a more permanent basis. And the first thing I shall do as her companion is to find us a new flat. The tower block we're in now is entirely too small with walls too thin. I plan for us to make a lot of noise, and I'd like to keep that part of our relationship more private than is possible in her place.

"What if he goes ballistic?" Jennifer asks. The distance between us grows ever larger as we approach my old office. My father can be heard shouting behind the door already and we're still several cubicles away.

"He most certainly will go ballistic, but it shan't interfere with what we're here to accomplish."

"Which is what?" she asks.

"Get his head back on straight."

I admit to being a little nervous as I place my knuckles to the door and rap two times. Breathing out a long sigh does nothing to aid me. Standing before my father in a confrontational situation is one of my least favorite things in the world.

"Who's there?!" comes a frustrated voice from within.

I take the handle and push the door open. "It's me, Father. I've come to discuss business."

Several steps into the office, and I'm already regretting my decision to come. My father stands next to my leather chair and Edward is an armchair across the desk from him, slouched down low. I've seen this same scene played out many times in my past. Usually I come into these situations to fend for my brother. Today I'm not sure who I'm championing, myself, my father, or our family whole.

"Gordon Bennett, it's a family reunion," Edward exclaims, before going back to watching my father.

"Come to beg for your job back?" my father asks.

When Jennifer enters, his expression moves from spiteful to surprised. "Who's this?" he asks.

"Father, this is Jennifer Moorehouse, the Moorehouse in Stratford and Moorehouse Investments. In other words, my business partner." I hold out my arm, asking her silently to move forward into the room. She doesn't disappoint.

"Mr. Stratford, it's so nice to meet you," she says. "I've heard a lot about you."

"All of it terrible, I'm sure," he says, taking her hand in a firm greeting.

"No, not at all." She smiles and her dimples come out to charm everyone in the room.

I can see them having their effect, too. My father's hard edges soften, his face taking on a look I often saw when my mother was around. It makes me homesick for earlier years.

They drop their handshake and my father blows some of his breath out in a huff. He nods slowly, taking in the view of the three of us standing and sitting before him. I'd give ten pounds sterling to know what he's thinking right now. Perhaps twenty.

"So, you've started your own firm, is that it?" He sounds old when he says it, as if he's suddenly aged in the last thirty seconds. It's the first sign of vulnerability I can remember seeing in him. It makes me feel sad and perhaps a bit guilty.

"Yes, I have," I say, my tone thankfully not belying my precarious emotional state. "Jennifer is my partner and we've opened an office not far from here. It's temporary."

"You could have used an office here," my father says. "I would have been happy to help you start things up."

I blink several times to be sure I'm truly looking at the real Frank Stratford.

"I find that a bit hard to believe," I manage to say with an even tone.

"Why? I've always supported you, in everything you do."

My attempts to control my temper are not going well. "Perhaps it's the fact that you terminated my employment that causes me to be doubtful of that assertion."

My father waves me off. "That was just a tiff. I fully expected you to come back after you got over your little temper tantrum."

Edward laughs and looks over his shoulder at Jennifer. "Did you see him having one of those? He's world-famous for his tantrums. Not very pretty, are they?"

"I call it a pity party, but yes, I saw it," Jennifer says. "It was kind of cute, actually."

"Cute? Cute?" I look at her like she's gone mad, which obviously she has. "That wasn't cute. It was disgusting. The worst version of me that ever was or ever will be. I'm not a fan of the pity party and I regret my participation in it." I glare at my brother. "And you can go straight to hell, Edward."

"If that's your worst, then you have nothing to fear from me," Jennifer says, turning towards me, I'm sure for the sole purpose of tempting me with her jubbly bubbly bits. When she shrugs, they move up and down with the movement, and it takes all of my will power to keep from holding them in my hands and giving them a good massage.

"First he tells me to suck it, then he tells me to go to hell," Edward says. "I don't know why I even bother." He shakes his head.

I'd feel bad over it if he wasn't smiling so enthusiastically. This is entertainment for him, the bloody plonker.

"What's done is done," my father says. "Edward's at the helm now and he's off to Scotland to straighten out some inconsistencies in the books over there."

"And you're doing what, may I ask?" Tapping my toe on the ground. "Giving yourself up for the family name?"

"Giving myself up?" My father looks to my brother. "What's he talking about?"

"Ingrid," Edward says.

My father closes his eyes for a brief moment and then stares at me. "Son, Ingrid is none of your concern any longer. Just leave it."

"Leave it? Hell no, I'm not going to leave it. You can't be with her, Father, she'll eat your heart for breakfast and dine on your liver at noon the same day."

He laughs. "That'll be the day."

"Don't underestimate her, Mr. Stratford," Jennifer says. "She's very persistent and devious."

My father barks out a laugh. "And why do you think I agreed to our arrangement?"

"You can't be serious!" I say, disgusted by the very idea of that woman being anywhere near my DNA.

"Of course I can." My father tones his voice down considerably before continuing. "Listen, son ... I'm sixty-five years old now. I need someone younger to help me liven things up a bit. Ingrid's perfect for that."

"Perfect? The only thing she's perfect for is blackmail and manipulation, and maybe lion food as well."

"I can handle her." My father rubs his hands together. "I'm actually looking forward to the challenge."

I hold back the urge to vomit.

"He knows what he's doing," Edward says with a casual wave of his hand. "Let him play. It's none of our business anyway."

I round on my brother. "You sure your casual dismissal has nothing to do with the fact that he's keeping you from the nick?" Edward is begging for a punch-up.

Edward turns round and sits up straighter. "Unlike you, I know when I'm brown bread and need a little helping hand. And I'm not too proud to take it, either. We tried our way and it didn't work. Now we try it his way. If you'd get off your high horse for a single second, you might be able to see what's going on down here at street level, but you can't do that can you? Always got to be strutting around, being the head piece, knowing everything there is to know."

My lady is standing next to me so I can't very well give him the action he's asking for, but that doesn't mean I'm going to sit around and let him do the foxtrot on my back.

"Oh, right. So instead of being responsible and driven towards success, I should spend the day playing handball and chasing skirts, is that it?"

"What's that supposed to mean?" Edward asks, getting to his feet.

"Well, I don't know," I say with exaggerated humor, "maybe it means you should take a look in the mirror, see what's staring back at you, brother."

"All right, that's enough!" yells my father, taking all of us aback. "Edward, sit down and shut your bloody hole! William, tell me whatever else it is you have to say and then get out! I'm too busy for this nonsense!"

The room becomes utterly silent. I fancy I can hear my eyelids sliding shut and open as I blink them rapidly.

Jennifer steps in, her tone completely controlled, soothing even. "William and I were hoping we could count on your support as we start our business together. And we were also just a little worried about you, but now that we see you have things handled, we're good on that issue."

Frank gives her a short bow. "You have my full support, and I thank you for your concern about my welfare, but it is not necessary." He stands straight. "Edward, please set up a meeting with your brother to discuss handing over some clients."

"What?"

"You heard me. We have several clients that William brought on board and I'm happy to send them over his way, assuming they wish to go."

Edward makes a very low bow. "As you wish, my liege."

"And don't be a smart arse about it, either."

Edward bows again. "I will make my best efforts, my liege, to not be smart about it."

I am humbled, almost too much so to speak. Thank goodness my partner isn't suffering the same problem.

"Thank you, Mr. Stratford," Jennifer says. "That's very generous of you."

"Please, call me Frank. And do come by for brunch. We'll start at ten as the boys know. Ingrid will be there, and I'm sure everyone will be polite and happy to see her." He glares at me.

"We'd love to come," Jennifer says. She really sounds as if she means it too. I shall have to check her for fever when we're back in the car. "This weekend?"

"Yes, this weekend. And if it isn't too much trouble, could you wear white?"

Jennifer laughs. "I have just the dress. See you Sunday." She turns her attention to Edward. "When is it convenient for you to meet with William?"

I can see the storm in Edward's eyes and the answer Never ready to dance from his lips, but instead he stares at Jennifer's chest and says, "Whenever he likes."

I have underestimated the power of Jennifer's bits. Stupid of me, really.

"Tomorrow suits me," I say, proud as punch to be standing at her side, and not just because of those br**sts. Her brain is so much more attractive to me right now, as is her ability to manage three angry, bull-headed men with aplomb. "Five p.m. sharp."

"As you wish," Edward says, turning away to stare at the computer.

"Okay. We have another appointment, so ..." Jennifer leans over and shakes my father's hand. "Thank you again, Frank. See you Sunday."

"I will be delighted to see you then," he says.

I nod perfunctorily and guide Jennifer towards the door. I'm afraid if we don't leave right this instant something terrible will happen and all the good she's done will collapse into rubble around our ears.

"Best of luck to you, Stratford and Moorehouse," my father says at our backs.

"Thank youuuu!" Jennifer trills as I push her out the door.

CHAPTER NINE

Jennifer

I'M NOT SURE HOW WE managed it, but it's Saturday afternoon and we've already met with the property owners up and down the Goodmans' block. William is some kind of miracle worker. His charm and negotiating skills are something for the record books. I've never seen anything like it before. People from all walks of life are suddenly falling in line, agreeing to pretty much everything he's asked for. Two phone calls after the meeting and he already has investors lined up to buy in on the project we've put together.

"That's it, then," he says, shutting his car door and settling into the seat beside me. "Everyone is on board."

"I just can't believe it." I shake my head. "I tried for months to get in touch with those people, and I got nowhere." I don't want to be mad about that because we did so well today, but it is pretty damn frustrating.

"Not nowhere, don't be silly. You got them thinking. They knew well before we arrived who we were and what we wanted to do for them. That's your groundwork paying off, not mine."

I can't keep my eyes off him. He not only manages to charm and convince strangers, he does the same with me, and I don't even see it coming. I don't want to fight it either. "You're pretty awesome, you know that? I feel like the luckiest girl alive."

My face burns as soon as the words leave my mouth. Talk about putting on the pressure. Talk about exposing everything. Ack! Apparently closing massive business deals makes me completely stupid.

He stares into my eyes and smiles. It seems like he's doing a lot more of that these days. Or maybe I just want to believe that so I can see what I want to see.

"I feel exactly the same way," he says. "About you, that is, not myself."

I giggle. "You're silly."

"No, you're the silly one." He reaches out and pokes me in the ribs. At least, I think that's what he meant to do, but instead he jabs my boob.

I put my hand on my chest in a protective gesture. "Hey, watch it, buster."

He frowns. "Who is this buster person? Should I be jealous?"

"Yes," I say, grinning evilly. "Be very jealous. He's super hot."

"Oh reeeallly?" William pokes me again. This time the boob contact was on purpose, I'm sure of it.

I grab his hand. "Yes, really. And he's very protective, so you'd better watch out."

William pulls his hand to his mouth, capturing my fingers so he can kiss them. He never breaks eye contact with me as his warm lips meet my skin and rest there. It makes my heart go crazy with beats. "I will fight him for you any day of the week and twice on Sundays."

"If I didn't know better, I'd think you're making a move on me," I say, trying to sound cool when inside I'm turning into mush.

He raises an eyebrow. "You, Jennifer Moorehouse of Stratford and Moorehouse Investments, are a very, very astute woman."

My heart leaps as the heat settles inside me. He can get me turned on with a single look. I check out the area around us, taking in the empty parking lot and quiet neighborhood. Everyone who was at our meeting has gone and left us alone.

"Feel like messing around?" I ask, trying to figure out how we could make it work without getting arrested for indecent exposure.

He looks out the car windows to the outside area surrounding us. Then he turns to me. "Are you serious? Because if you're not, please stop now. A man can only take so much before he cracks under the pressure."

"Pressure? Are you feeling stressed?" I ask, a plan forming in my mind.

"Not particularly."

I frown at him.

"Maybe a touch?" he says, searching my face for confirmation.

I continue to frown, my eyebrows raised.

"Actually, I'm feeling quite pressured and stressed." He frowns exaggeratedly. "Very, very. I'm a veritable bundle of nerves."

I smile.

He smiles back. "Was that the right answer?"

"You tell me," I say, reaching over and unzipping his pants.

He looks down at what I'm doing. "I'd say yes, definitely. Right answer. Tally ho."

When I finally have his buckle free and his dick exposed, I'm happy to see that it's already hard. This must mean I'm on the right track. He's breathing heavily, too.

"Jennifer, are you sure ..."

He never gets the rest of his words out because I put my lips on him and it steals the words out of his mouth. I taste salt.

"Ooooh, woman ..." He leans back and rests his head on the seat, scooting his hips forward a little so he's more reclined.

It's not the easiest position to give a blowjob in, but the excitement of doing it where we shouldn't makes up for that drawback. I listen for his gasps of pleasure and moans to let me know if I'm doing what he likes or not.

"Oh, Jennifer ... where did you come from?"

I pause to smile. "Nowhere special," I say before going back to licking the length of him.

He reaches over and smacks me on the ass. "Never say that," he says, just before moaning again. His hips strain up to meet me and his breathing picks up. "Bloody hell, you know exactly how to get to me, don't you?"

I sure hope so, I think to myself as I run my hand up and down the length of his c**k while keeping my mouth on the end.

It doesn't take long. I've stroked him a couple dozen times and done all kinds of tongue gymnastics on the head of his dick, and I can tell he's already losing control. I love a man who is so responsive.

"Darling, I'm nearing the end," he says, his voice strained.

I take this as his friendly warning to watch out if I don't want to be involved in the actual orgasm, but I'm not going to quit now. I'm too turned-on to let him finish without me. Something about William makes me want to do things I wouldn't normally want to do.

"Dammit! Fuck!" he yells, grabbing my blouse at my back and twisting it into a knot. His hips thrust up several times in a row as he reaches orgasm. I pray no one is walking around in the parking lot right now because there's no way either of us could stop.

I sit up once he's recovered enough to stop seizing and take a long drink from the bottle of water I have in my purse. I can't look at him, too embarrassed to face him after doing what I did. The heat of the moment had me riding the sexy train, but now I feel like I'm on the short bus instead. Did I do the wrong thing? Is he going to think less of me now? Was that too slutty?

"Jennifer," he says, sounding slightly out of breath, "I don't know what I've done to deserve such a special gift, but can I just say right now that you are the sexiest f**king woman I have ever known in my entire life?"

I try not to giggle, but it's really hard. "Is that so?" I take another gulp of water, hoping like hell that I don't have nasty breath. If he tries to kiss me will I let him? Yes, I think I will. It's so intimate, but we've done just about everything else. And I feel so comfortable with him. It's crazy to think we've only known each other a few weeks. It seems more like years.

"Yes, that is so," he confirms. "And if it's isn't too much to ask, I'm just curious, is there any chance of you ever doing that again? Because if there is, I will do pretty much anything you ask to make that come to fruition."

I shrug. "Close another ten million dollar deal and we'll see."

He sits up straight and buckles and zips his pants, tucking his shirt in when he's finished. "Done. Consider it done and dusted. I'll have another one wrapped up by six this evening."

I laugh. "Easy, killer."

He starts up the car and pulls out of the parking lot. "We're off to meet with Edward. Shall I drop you home or will you accompany me?"

"Drop me home," I say, floating around on cloud nine somewhere. "I'll let you and Edward duke it out without me."

"Wise move." He stops at a red light and leans over, pulling me to him by the back of my neck. "You are mine and I adore you," he says, before pressing a seriously hot kiss to my lips.

"Ooo, I like it when you get all bossy," I say, leaning back in my seat as he takes off in first gear.

He glances over at me, his gaze going dark. "Oh, you have no idea what I have in store for you."

My heart goes crazy and my panties go wet with desire. I cannot wait to see what he means by that.

CHAPTER TEN

William

I'VE COME READY FOR BATTLE, but I shouldn't have bothered. Edward's not shirty at all. He looks more as if he's been run over by a lorry.

"What happened to you?" I ask, sitting down across the desk from him. It rankles that he's in the Italian leather and I'm in the vinyl, but I say not a word about it. I don't want to give him the upper hand.

"Scotland happened to me. You happened to me." He rests his forehead in his hand. "I'm completely knackered, and I've a stonking migraine that won't quit with all this bloody bumpf you've left behind." He gestures angrily at the stack of papers at the corner of my former desk.

I can see our mother now, leaning over him to kiss him on the back of the head. "Edward," she'd say, "what's the matter, darling? What can I do to make it better?" She was always the soft one of the family. I miss her dearly, but I can only imagine how Edward must feel. He was her favorite and she his. Spoiled rotten baby of the family, he was.

"I can't see as how I'm the problem," I say, not feeling sorry for him one bit. "I don't even work here anymore."

"Exactly!" Edward shouts, dropping his hand and slamming it on the tabletop. "I'm left to pick up all the bloody pieces, and I've done nothing but make a pig's ear of it!"

"Pieces?" I say, half laughing. "I've not left anything in pieces. Everything was tickety-boo when I resigned. If it's shambolic now it's not on my account, so quit your whinging."

"Scotland was entirely shambolic when you left and it's even worse now. The dog's breakfast is what it is. It's driving me spare."

That shuts me up most effectively. Scotland was a thorn in my side when I left, that's a fact. "Have you figured out what the problem is?"

"No, not yet. I have to go over there." He growls and pushes some papers to the floor. "Fecking Scots. When I get there, if I found out it's one of our people playing the fiddle on company time I'll ..."

"You'll what?" I can only imagine Edward's means of handling such a situation. "Have a barney?"

"No." Edward glares at me. "I'll sort it."

"You'll sort it. And how exactly will you sort it, may I ask?"

"No, you may not ask," he says in a smarmy tone, "because you don't work here any longer, or have you forgotten?"

"No, I haven't. But thank you for that reminder." I open up my agenda. "I'm here to gather the information for the accounts you wish to share with me."

"You must mean the accounts Father wishes to share with you because if it were up to me, you'd get nowt."

"Well, it's not up to you," I say, tapping my pen to paper. "Who shall be first?"

"Here." Edward flicks a paper at me from the top of his stack. "Rachel made a list at Father's behest."

I grab the paper before it falls to the floor and scan the names, happy to see that all of the people I brought into the fold and a few extras are there. "Is it my birthday?" I ask, feeling a little overwhelmed at the generosity. Perhaps Ingrid has given Father a bj. That might explain the bonus accounts. I know I was ready to hand over the kingdom myself earlier today.

"You'd think so, wouldn't you?" Edward says, bitterly.

I frown at him. "Why are you so angry about it? What difference does it make to you? It won't change your allowance, you can be sure of that."

Edward shrugs, somewhat defeated-looking. "I have no idea. I'm just dead tired and sick of not knowing my arse hole from a hole in the ground."

I soften a bit, seeing some of my own reflection in his expression. "Listen, it'll get better, don't worry so much about it."

"Easy for you to say."

"No, it's not, actually. It's quite difficult for me to say anything nice to you these days for some reason. But that doesn't change the fact that when I started here it was ... difficult. It gets better. Just give yourself some time."

Edward stares at me for the longest time. I'm almost ready to leave when he breaks his silence. "Thanks, brother. I appreciate that. And I apologize for being so stroppy."

I nod and then stand, feeling completely mollified and wanting to be generous. Edward has always been there for me, annoyingly loyal and outspoken, yet lovable in his own way. "No need to apologize. I'm here for you any time. Just call me if you have any questions and I'll be happy to help."

Edward stands and holds out a hand. I can see it pains him to do so. "Good luck, William, although I doubt you'll need it."

I shake his hand firmly. "I need it as much as the next man, so thank you."

"Seems like you have a good partner," Edward says, sliding his hands into his pockets. He looks uncomfortable.

"She's brill. Couldn't have found better if I'd tried." I feel as though I could walk in space without a suit right now. Jennifer gives me superpowers.

"I've learnt some about her from Mia. Sounds like a real gem."

"She is. She really is." I gather my things and stand. "Right then. Cheers."

"Cheers," he says, still standing there with hands in pockets looking forlorn.

I turn with a nod and leave the office, thrilled that my brother is finally being brought into the family fold. This will be good for him, give him a chance to grow up and act the adult for a change. I almost feel like skipping to the lift, something I haven't done since I was in primary school. I'm regressing. It's almost embarrassing the ninny I've become since Jennifer came into my life, but I have no regrets. No regrets at all. How could I when everything's going so swimmingly?

I leave the office, anxious to get back home to see my beautiful girlfriend and partner, stripped down to her smalls.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Jennifer

I'M HUMMING A HAPPY TUNE and dancing around the apartment in my Tweetie Bird slippers, a camisole, and shortie-shorts - an outfit I'm sure William will love - when there's a knock at the door. I'm so thrilled to know William is home that I don't even bother to look in the peephole before I unlock the door and throw it open wide. It's time to celebrate! Not only is our business off to a killer start, but I got invited to the family brunch!

My great big smile fades into confusion and then distrust when I see who's standing before me.

"Hi, Jennifer."

The twat monster, Hank's new girlfriend, stands at my doorstep, shifting her weight awkwardly from one foot to another. "Do you mind if I come in ... so we can chat for a minute or two?"

I look over my shoulder, nervous about her moving into my personal space. Hasn't she already done enough of that for one lifetime?

"I promise I won't keep you long," she says. "I just need to clear the air a little bit."

She's wearing her work clothes and comes across like she's telling the truth. Her purse is too small to be carrying a gun inside, so I don't think she's here to go all Fatal Attraction on me. She wants to talk? Okay. Maybe it'll be good for us to share a little. Maybe it'll be like therapy, only free of charge. She better not think we're going to be girlfriends after, though. I'd sooner hang with Ingrid than this chick.

"Fine," I say. "You can come in for a little while, but my boyfriend is coming back soon and we have plans." Big ones. Big naked ones. My first goal is to get him to admit that he loves my slippers. Then there's a bubble bath and some other sexy stuff I had in mind to fill the rest of our evening, so the last thing I want to do is hang out with Hank's ho.

"Okay, that's fine." She moves forward and I have no choice but to back away and let her in.

I close the door behind her and stand there, staring at her, waiting for her next move.

"Do you mind if we sit down?" she asks, looking towards my couch.

"Sure." I gesture for her to go into the living room ahead of me. "Whatever you want."

We stop in the living room, and I don't make any moves to sit. I have no interest in this conversation, so I'm not going to encourage her to make herself comfortable.

She takes the hint and stops in the middle of the room without taking a seat.

"So," she says, looking around awkwardly, "I thought we could take a little time to talk about what happened."

"What happened?"

Oh boy. This should be interesting. I find I'm kind of looking forward to hearing her explain what exactly happened from her end of things, in a kind of angry, twisted way. I'm tempted to get my frying pan out just in case things go south.

"Yes, I mean with me and Hank and with you..."

"I'm pretty sure I'm clear on what happened. Don't think we need to re-hash it."

Her smile comes off a little bitchy, but I'm not sure if that's a fair assessment or just my anger tainting my perspective.

"Weeeellll, I kind of got the impression that you're pretty bitter about things."

My eyebrows go up into my hair. "Really? And why would that be, I wonder."

Now her expression is a mix of bitchy and pity. She's actually pitying me, this little wench. Wrong move. Wrong-O with a capital O. I can feel the heat rising up in my chest, and my frying pan hand is getting twitchy.

"Listen, I know you and Hank were together for a while, but ..."

"Eight years." I say firmly. "Eight years. That's a pretty long while, actually." I still can't believe how much of my life I wasted with him. I must have been high on something.

"Yes, but you weren't married or anything."

Batter.

Up.

If she does not quit pushing my buttons, I'm going to hit her, even though I am a completely non-violent person. I swear to God, I will do it.

I take a deep breath in and let it out slowly, trying to rein in my emotions. I don't want William coming home to a cat fight. He's never seen me go all Jerry Springer on someone and I'd really rather avoid that forever if possible.

"No, you're right," I say. "We weren't married, but we were in a very committed relationship that not only included living together and sharing a home but also a business."

"I guess it wasn't that committed, though, was it?" she asks, playing innocent but not very well.

I give her my fakiest of fake smiles. "Not on Hank's end, apparently."

"Apparently," she says.

I blink several times to keep from seeing red. "Can I give you some friendly advice?" I say before I can stop myself. I probably should stop right here but there's no way that's going to happen. This girl needs to a little dose of truthiness.

"I guess." She looks wary, as well she should.

"Don't fool yourself into thinking that Hank will ever be committed to you more than he was to me."

She crosses her arms and huffs out a laugh. "Please." Her eyes roll up and she shakes her head.

I shrug. "Once a cheater, always a cheater. And since you're both cheaters, I guess that makes your relationship completely f**ked."

"I'm not a cheater!" she says, much louder than is polite. Her arms go down to her sides like two stiff boards.

"What do you call a woman who sleeps with a man in his live-in girlfriend's bed? Because I call her a cheater and a whore."

Her eyes bug out. "Did you just call me a whore?"

"Did you sleep with Hank in my bed?"

She trembles with anger but doesn't answer.

"I guess we both know the answer to that," I say.

"I got your flowers," she says from behind gritted teeth.

"Did you like them?" I'm feeling almost high with glorious vengeful emotions. I never knew it would be so awesome to confront the woman who stole my man away from me. And I didn't even have to go looking for her. She showed up her all by her stupid self.

"No. I didn't like them at all. I thought they were pretty immature, actually. I threw them in the garbage."

"Bummer. I enjoyed sending them." I take a side step towards the door. "I guess we've said all there is to say ..."

"Not quite," she says, her hands turning into fists. "I have something else to say."

"I'm pretty sure I'm done listening," I say, stopping at the entrance to the foyer. "Time for you to go."

"Hank loves me!" she shouts.

I say nothing to that. At this point it's plain to see how young she is and stupid on top of that. She honestly believes what she's saying.

"He's going to marry me!"

I snort before I can stop myself. "I doubt that." He was probably telling her that when we were still living together, the idiot.

"He never loved you!" she yells, taking a step towards the front door.

"I could show you love letters and cards that would prove differently, but what's the point? I'm glad you took Hank off my hands. He's a user and a loser and I'm way better off without him. And if I were you, I'd dump him quick, before he sucks up any more of your life. You don't want to be like me eight years from now, looking back on your life and seeing how much of it you wasted."

She's crying, and her face is beet red with anger.

I back away as she gets closer. The look in her eye is a little intense.

"Hank doesn't use people," she grinds out. "He helps them. He helped you build your business and then you stole his clients away. You're the liar. You're the one who cheats."

I have to laugh at that. "Do you honestly believe that?" I shake my head in pity. "Wow. You really are naive. You probably don't even realize that the reason Hank is with you now is because of your parents." Oops. Did I really just say that? Oh well. Too late now.

"My ... what?" She's spitting distance from me now. I know because some of her spittle just hit me in the face.

"One of your parents is on the City Planning Council, right?" I wait a few seconds for that to sink in. "Guess who told me that? Hank. Mister helpful. Mister honest to goodness. The guy who's using you to move up in the world." I laugh at how stupid she is. "The guy tried to steal my clients away from me before we even broke up! Probably right after he started boinking you. He's a dirty, stinking, lying, cheating, no-good ass**le, and you two deserve each other." I grab the door and pull it open. "Now get out of my house and don't ever come back, not even when Hank cheats on you with someone else, because I am not your friend and I never will be."

My heart is hammering so hard in my chest I can hear it inside my head. I'm feeling pretty proud of myself because for the first time in my life, I thought of all the cool things to say at the time they needed to be said and not a half-hour later. And I confronted the woman who helped a man tear my heart out. Today has been a fabulous day.

That pride lasts about five seconds. Five seconds I'm able to bask in my awesomeness before she goes into freaked-out-bitch attack mode.

"Aaaayyyyaaaahhhh!" she screeches as she leaps at me with her claws out and her eyes bloody red with anger.

CHAPTER TWELVE

William

I'M PICTURING MY LOVELY JENNIFER all trussed up in lacy smalls as she waits for my arrival, but that image is shattered when the screams of an enraged howler monkey issue forth from the flat. A crash follows along with several more howls of anger or pain, I cannot tell which.

My heart nearly bursts with fear when I recognize the timbre of my lady love's voice in those screams. By the time I get to the door and wrench it open, all has gone silent within. I've never been so afraid in my life, imagining what I might find waiting for me.

As I rush in, I'm smashed into the edge of the doorway by a person in a big hurry to come out.

"What is the meaning of this?!" I shout at a person much shorter than I, blocking her from exiting.

"Get out of my way," the girl yells, slapping at me and scratching my chin in the process.

I grab her by the wrist to stop the abuse. This woman is up to no good, that much is clear.

"Let me go!" she screams, resorting to kicks to free herself. My shins are instantly blazing with pain.

"I'm warning you, young lady," I say, wrenching her arm around behind her back, "I have no problem giving you a twat on the head if you injure me any further!"

She proceeds to stomp on my toes, causing me to screech like a lady and drop her arm as I hop around the foyer. My larger toe is certainly broken.

I glance up at a small movement caught in the corner of my eye, and my face blanches when my brain registers what it is I'm seeing. I immediately stop the mad hopping that was not doing any good at alleviating my pain. Jennifer is lying prone on the floor, her legs twisted under her and there is blood near her head on the rug. She appears to be ... I cannot even think it.

I push my attacker away from me, completely distracted from my own pain, my only thought being that I must get to Jennifer at all costs. "Darling!" I yell, tripping my way over to the salon. My bruised toes do not want to work properly.

I drop to my knees next to her head. I want to touch her, but I'm afraid I'll do more harm than good. "Are you all right?" I ask.

Yes, it's the dead stupidest question a man can ask in this situation, but I'd give anything to hear her voice say even the word No at this point.

She moans and my heart soars.

She's alive! Lifting my gaze, I find that the woman who was here has gone, leaving the scene of the crime in a right mess. Furniture is moved, the glass table is broken, and Jennifer is ... bleeding? I look down at my hand that was touching her head and find it red. There is a considerable amount of the stuff, which I know to be a very, very bad sign. I feel sick to my stomach over what it could mean.

"I'm calling the ambulance straight away," I say, leaning down and kissing her once quickly on the nose. "Be all right, Jennifer, please be all right." My fingers shake as I try to press the buttons. It's the stuff of nightmares, how I try to hit the nine and instead hit the eight and have to start all over.

She moans again as I wait for the call to connect.

"What happened?" she asks, her voice groggy.

"You've been injured, my darling. Just wait right here, don't move. I'm ringing the hospital." It's then that I notice she has those deformed birds on her feet again. I can picture her wearing them the other night, not that long ago. Ridiculous birds, but somehow, when they are on her feet, I can't help but find them ... cute. One is coming partially off her foot, so I crawl over to fix it. If my lady wants to wear hydrocephalic birds on her feet, then that's what she shall do, damn it all!

"Is that bitch still here?" she asks, sounding sleepy. "She got the jump on me."

"She surely did," I say, moving back to her head and patting her shoulder. "She did to me as well. She's gone now. We'll sort it out later. First we have to get you seen to."

"Okay ... get me seen to," she says, before she stops talking and goes limp.

"Good God, what is wrong with this f**king cellular system!" I scream, staring down at the phone that Jennifer insisted I get this afternoon for work purposes.

"Nine-one-one, what's your emergency?" a pinched voice says from somewhere down near my wrist.

I take a deep breath in and let it out, putting the phone to my ear so I can play the knight in shining armor. "Help me, please, madam. I need an ambulance. The love of my life has been injured and if anything should happen to her, I cannot ..." I'm unable to finish the sentence. All the emotions jumbling about in my chest and brain mix with the realization that I love this woman. I well and truly love her and it might be too late to tell her.

Tears spring from my eyes and trace down my cheeks as I stare at the pale white face of Jennifer Moorehouse, the girl whose last name I didn't know, then I learnt, then I discovered I wanted to change to my own. Good god ... I've fallen in love. When did that happen?

I look up at the ceiling and address my mother the angel. Perhaps she has some pull up there in heaven. I surely hope she does. "I know I said just one night, Mum, but I lied. It's that simple, really. Mum, could you tell him? Tell God for me? I told a whale of a lie. See, I need a lifetime with her, not just one night ... so if The Big Cheese could see his way clear to granting me this one request, I will endeavor my entire life to be the man you hoped for me to be. Tell him, Mum ... you know me ... I always keep my promises."

"Sir, are you talking to me?" the woman on the other end of the line says to me. "I need your address sir. And don't worry, we'll get someone out there right away."

