CHAPTER ONE

Jennifer

GATHERING UP MY CLOTHING AND putting myself back together is one of the most awkward moments of my life. I came here to give a business presentation and to get my life back on track, and instead I ended up f**king the boss. So much for professionalism.

A knock comes at the door and both of us freeze, me with my bra in the middle of being clasped and William pulling up his pants.

A muffled voice comes through the thick wood. "Mr. Stratford? I have something to show you before I leave for the day."

It's the redhead. I can tell by her voice and the fact that other than Ingrid and the receptionist, I'm pretty sure she's the only one still around. It's almost seven at night now.

"I'll be out shortly. Please wait."

"Okay!"

This feels like a dismissal for me. He wants me gone. He realizes this was a mistake. Maybe he even arranged for his assistant to come in here and get him to help get rid of me. How embarrassing! I work double time to get my clothes on. As I'm slipping on my shoes, William finally speaks.

"I hope you'll dine with me tonight."

Sliding my foot into my shoe, I stare at his expression. He's way too good at hiding his feelings. I see nothing there but politeness. Is he just being nice? Trying to ease the awkward moment by doing something because I expect him to? I don't want him to ask me that way. If we go out on a real date, I want it to be for the right reasons.

"You don't have to," I say, sitting on a chair so I can use my bare foot to reach under the table and fish my other shoe out from where it's hiding. It's either this or crawling on hands and knees, and I've decided to save that humiliation for another day.

"Of course I don't have to, but I wish to." He gives me a pained smile.

I turn away and focus on my stupid heel. No way am I running out of here with just one shoe on this time. And run is exactly what I want to do. My emotions are a train wreck right now. I'm afraid I've done something really, really stupid this time and there will be no going back from it. Every time I look at William my heart melts just a little. Before he just steamed me up, but now he's melting me. That can't possibly be good. It feels like a full-on crush, and I haven't had one of those in about, oh, eight years or so. The memory of Hank taking over my life again has me feeling sick.

When my shoe is on, I stand. We're face-to-face, just a couple feet apart. William is cinching up his tie, even though the two middle buttons of his shirt are missing. The hopelessness of it makes me smile. We are two of a kind, him with his buttons and me with my flying shoes.

"What's so amusing? Is it my request for dinner?"

"No." I run my finger up the front seam of his shirt. "It's the fact that you're doing up your tie when half your buttons are missing.

He looks down and follows the path of my finger. "I am a right mess, aren't I?" He looks back up at me as a clump of hair falls down to his forehead. Gorgeous is the only word to describe a freshly-fucked William.

My heart feels like it's going to explode. I like him so much it makes me want to weep, both happy and sad tears. Happy, because this kind of feeling doesn't come along often in life; it's the kind of emotion that makes you believe you can jump off a building, sprout wings, and fly. Sad, because this whole thing was born from the ashes of devastation and desperation, with the understanding that it would never go anywhere beyond just one night.

"You are a right mess," I say, shaking off my melancholy feelings in favor of the mingling light-headedness of this man-crush I'm suffering. "But I still think you're pretty cute."

He smiles, and this time it doesn't look forced. "You think I'm cute?"

I push his chest a little, embarrassed that I said it and that he's making a big deal of it. "Oh, come on. You know you hear that all the time."

"Well, usually women use the word hot, or devastatingly handsome, or rakish even, but never cute." He wiggles his eyebrows at me. "I find I quite like it."

I laugh. "No one calls you rakish. You just made that up."

He puts on an offended expression. "What? I'll have you know that just last week a woman on the lift called me rakish. Of course she was in her eighties if she was a day, and she did walk into a janitorial closet once she got off the lift, but that still doesn't change the facts."

I bite the insides of my cheeks to keep from busting out laughing. When I'm under control I respond. "You lie. There was no old lady."

He leaves his tie askew and takes my hands between us. "Please let me take you to dinner." He rubs his thumbs over the back of my hands. "See what you've done? You've got me pleading. Shall I do down on my knees?"

He moves as if he's going to do just that, so I grab his arms to stop him. "No! That's okay. No begging. No knees." My face is burning red with the memory of him down on his knees in front of me before. I'm still not recovered from going nuts on his conference table. No way can I do that again so soon.

He smiles like the devil, and I know he's reading my mind. I have to drop my gaze to the floor under the pressure.

I know he's waiting for an answer to his request, and I'm not even sure what the right answer is, but I do know that I want to be with William for longer than it would take to give him my presentation, and I do believe he really wants to go out with me one more time. I just don't know where this is going to lead and if it can ever lead to anything good. Maybe it would be better to just have this great memory and move on from life like this.

That was my original plan: just one night to restore my faith in men and in fun and love. I nearly cross my eyes over that idea now. How was that ever supposed to work? And why didn't I think it through before going through with it? My only answer for myself is desperation. Desperation makes people do stupid things. I just hope I'm not being desperate right now when I think about dating William. Is this invitation a real date or just a continuation of our last one that never quite finished? I probably shouldn't jump to conclusions.

"I can tell you're thinking about something very important," he says, leaning his head down to look me in the eyes. "Tell me what it is."

"I'm thinking about ... the weather." I smile to make my story more convincing. "I think it's about to rain."

"You weren't thinking that. Now who's the liar?"

I hate that I'm this transparent. "Fine. I'll go to dinner with you on one condition."

He stands straighter but doesn't let go of my hands. "Go on then. I'm ready."

"That we not have sex." Maybe if we can just be together, we could find out if this could work between us, be more than just one night.

He pushes his lips together and takes a few moments before answering.

My palms go sweaty and I try to pull my hands away, but he won't let them go.

His eyes narrow and he turns his head slightly to the side as he stares me down. "For how long?"

"What do you mean, for how long?" My head tilts to the side as I try to figure out where the confusion lies, with me or with him.

"For how long must we go without sex?"

"For the date. I mean the night. Sorry, I know it's not a date-date." I can't believe I said that word. My face is on fire. I can feel the heat moving up my chest too.

"Don't be silly, of course it's a date. I've just asked you to dine with me. What else would it be?"

"But it's not a date-date." I laugh it off so he knows that I know that I don't expect anything from him. Argh, this is so embarrassing. Stay cool, Jennifer, stay cool.

He shakes his head a couple times and then steadies himself. "Sorry, but I must be daft. Perhaps it's being so near you that's making it impossible for me to comprehend your meaning." He releases me and presses his hands together at his chest. "Explain to me the difference between a date and a date-date." He pauses and frowns. "Or is it datedate? Datedate ... datedate ... datedate? Am I saying it correctly?"

I shake my head slowly, unable to stop smiling. "You are seriously asking for it."

He grins and leans back a little. "Am I? Splendid!" He leans in really close and speaks in a hushed tone. "What is it I'm asking for exactly?"

I can't help it. He's too adorable. My arms fly up to go around his neck and I pull him close. I want to squeeze him until his head pops off.

He comes right in, melding his body to mine, and slides his arms around me. "I thought there was to be no sex this evening." His lips go to my neck and he puts a line of kisses in the crease near my shoulder.

I release my grip just a bit so we can embrace a little more normally. "Just stop being so cute and take me to dinner," I mumble into his chest.

He pulls back and puts his hands on my shoulders, pushing down until I sit in the chair. All the cold air between us makes me think I might have misunderstood his ardor.

"Brilliant. Wait here. I shan't be but a minute. Apparently, Ms. Meechum needs to show me something, but then I shall be free for our nosh up. I have something quite special to show you." He winks and then he's gone, shutting the door quietly behind him.

One second later, the door opens again and he sticks his head inside. "Don't disappear on me." And then he's gone again.

I lean back in the chair with a smile and sigh loudly, staring at the wood table that's shiny everywhere except where my butt cheeks and naked back smeared it up. As I brush my arm across that spot, trying to buff it back to a shine, I think about my day. This morning I waded through the slow quicksand of my second-worst waking nightmare, I launched my petty flower-delivery revenge, drank too much OJ, and then left my house an hour ago with a plan to put the shock-paddles on my dying career. Instead, I came in here and got busy with my almost new boss. Talk about a life gone off the rails.

It seems like no matter how much I try to plan out my life, I always end up living the non-plan. I'm flying by the seat of my pants and it should be awful, right? I mean, it only spells trouble, right? Maybe. But right now, it's just not. It's not awful at all. I feel hopeful. Excited. Happy about what might happen. There are some niggling doubts, of course. I'd be nuts not to have them, but I realize that I don't need to let them guide my thinking. I can remain positive about this. William is giving me almost every reason to be feeling this way. Except for that lipstick on the neck thing, he seems to be completely genuine.

I guess it remains to be seen whether coming here and doing what we did was a mistake or not, but right now I'm having a hard time regretting anything. There's no use denying that I really like William. I mean, really like him. And I think he likes me too.

But he doesn't want any commitments and it's not really fair to ask him for one. Can I be happy with something casual? With seeing him and another woman together, maybe even that Ingrid person? The idea makes me sick, but maybe if that's the only way I can see him, I can learn to live with it. It crosses my mind that this is what mistresses must say to themselves. Ugh.

I ignore the churning of my stomach and stare at the door. I need to have a plan for the rest of the evening. Even though I've been decidedly off-plan or non-plan, I feel like things might go a little better if I can just make one and stick with it. With the right things in place, maybe I can end the evening with a new job and a new boyfriend. Or at least, another date for another night. The idea warms me to my toes.

I quickly take out a piece of paper and a pen from my briefcase and jot down some notes.

#1 : Do not have sex....

CHAPTER TWO

William

HASTE IS THE WATCHWORD. I'M afraid to leave Jennifer I-Finally-Have-Her-Last-Name alone for too long. She might decide to disappear into thin air leaving but a shoe behind. Ms. Meechum is in my office, staring at me as I enter.

"It's about time. What were you two doing in there, anyway?" She snorts and turns my chair to face my computer.

Put her in her place or ignore her? Hmmm ... decisions, decisions...

"Before you say anything, check this out." She places her hand on the side of my monitor and turns it to face me at the side of the desk. "I got in."

"You got in? What does that mean?" I'm having an out of body experience right now. A small piece of me still inhabits my corporeal space, but the other is floating up to the ceiling and watching me conspire with Ms. Meechum to break federal and state laws. I must be mad.

"I'm into her work computer. Over at the club. She's so stupid. She's connected all of her systems into one network and she only had an off-the-shelf software firewall in place that left her TCP ports all open. What a dope."

"Hmmm ..." I say, not understanding most of what she said. "Sounds serious."

"Anyway, she also has her video files on there. She's a total perv. She records people doing all kinds of things at her club and keeps them in a special file. I can see she's watched them all recently. Do you think she gets her rocks off with them?"

"If I understand what rocks are, I would say yes, that is a distinct possibility." My nostrils flare in distaste at the idea of that woman enjoying my moments with Jennifer. I don't want my memories of our time together sullied like that.

"Anywho, I deleted the one you were in." She clears her throat. "No comment on that video."

"You're very kind."

"But ..." She turns around to face me. Her expression is grave. "It doesn't mean she hasn't put it on a USB thumb drive or something not connected to the hard drive that I can't see."

My mood deflates. I had felt a glimmer of hope there. Bugger it. "So we aren't safe?"

"No. Not until you make sure the file isn't somewhere else. She could copy it any number of times and you'd never know."

"You can't tell whether it's been copied?"

"Well ..." She turns around to face the computer and types some things onto the keyboard. "If she has a feed of her own office ..." Several windows pop open, grow bigger, and then disappear. "Here we are! Oh my god, look! She tapes her own office." She looks at me. "That's her office, right?"

I get closer and look at the screen. Recognizing the large desk and open space between it and the door, I nod. "Yes, that's it."

"I could watch what she did after she got the tape ... see if she made copies." She looks up at me. "It's not a perfect system but maybe it's better than nothing."

As we're staring at the screen again, Ingrid's office door opens and someone enters. I'm about to turn away, content that we've done all we can when Ms. Meechum's gasp brings me back.

"Ohhhh noooo," she says in a low tone.

"What?" I walk closer and lean over her back.

"Is that ...?" She points to the image on the screen and twists her head around to look at me.

My eyes widen as I take in the figure moving towards Ingrid's desk. "Don't touch anything," I say, throwing my hand between her fingers and the keyboard.

"I wasn't going to." She looks at the monitor again. "What's he doing in there?"

I have my phone out and a speed-dial button pressed. "We shall find out."

The figure on the screen pauses, takes his phone from his pocket and answers it as he sits down at Ingrid's desk.

"Edward here."

"What in the bloody hell are you doing in her office?" I say in a loud whisper. I'm not sure why I'm not using a normal tone, since I'm not in there and she can't hear me. It just seems the correct thing to do when witnessing a burgling.

Edward jumps up, throws his arms out, spins around, and then looks under the desk. Then he slowly puts his phone back to his ear. "William?"

"Of course it's William. Who else would it be, you git?"

"Are you here?" He looks over his shoulder.

"No, I'm not there. I'm here. In my office."

He stands up straight, once again adopting his cocky, devil-may-care stance. "Oh. So. Aye-up. S'happening?"

"Stop taking the piss. I can see you standing right there in the middle of Ingrid's office. What are you doing? You're going to get arrested for burgling. Get out of there."

Edwards throws an arm up. "Oy! I'm here, having a deek, saving your bloody arse. Stop being a big girl's blouse and tell me what to look for."

I scrub my hair and face. Everything's gone pear-shaped in the space of seconds. How did I get here from burying myself in those lovely jubbly bubblies in the other room? What have I done to deserve this?

"Tell him to look for a USB drive!" Ms. Meechum says. "Ask him if she has an external hard drive!"

"Who's that?" Edward asks.

"That's my assistant. She's asking for things in Ingrid's office."

"You've got the dogsbody involved?" Edward hisses out a breath. "Not smart, brother, not smart. The less who know the better."

"You think I don't know that?!" I whisper-scream at him. "And she's not a ..." I pull my own hair in frustration. "...Just ... just get out of there and leave it!"

"Give me the phone," Ms. Meechum says, holding out her hand. "Hurry up, we don't have all night. She's probably on her way there now." She snaps her fingers at me and then holds her hand out flat in the air.

It's confirmed. I've fallen into the rabbit hole and I may never return from it.

I hand her the phone and sit down in the side chair, awaiting my fate. I'm quite light-headed, actually, as if I've had a few martinis. Martinis sound like a great idea. I wonder how many it will take before I'm rat-arsed.

Ms. Meechum is talking and her voice bleeds into my thoughts. "... External hard drive ... it would be connected to the tower, maybe sitting next to it?" She pauses. "And open her drawers. Look for anything that could be a thumb drive. Look for silly characters like Bugs Bunny or whatever. And pens! Look for thick pens and pull them apart."

Edward is going through the drawers of this woman's desk and Ms. Meechum is flicking different windows open and closed.

Ms. Meechum sits up straight all of a sudden and beings bouncing in the chair. "Shit! ... I mean, Crap! Edward!"

My brother pauses his burgling.

"Get under the desk!" Ms. Meechum shouts. "Now! Get down!"

Edward drops to the floor and crawls into the leg-space in front of the leather chair. No sooner is he settled than the door to Ingrid's office opens and the large bouncer from the other night enters. I can't even see his face in the dim light, but his bulk is unmistakeable.

My heart is a jackhammer attempting to repeatedly ram its way out of my chest. "Bloody hell," I say, watching a nightmare play out in reality television right before my eyes.

"Dammit!" Ms. Meechum's hands are gripping the edges of the desk, but then she lifts one up and waves at the computer monitor. "Go on. Scat! Beat it!" Next she speaks into my cell phone using a whisper. "No! Not you, Edward! I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the guy who's about to pound you into the floor if you don't shut up!"

The bouncer takes something from a small table and turns around towards the door.

"Come on, come on, you wanker, leave!" I feel as though I'm cheering on a sports team. Goal! Goal! Goal!

The bouncer departs the room, shutting the door behind him.

"Okay, he's gone. He's going down the stairs. You'd better leave." Ms. Meechum is back to watching various monitors and talking to my wayward sibling.

Edward crawls out of the chair and looks up at the ceiling. He finally locates the camera that's catching his image and stares right at it. "You're going to owe me big, brother."

I nod. I didn't ask him to do this, but he did it anyway. Regardless of the fact that it was done out of a misguided sense of brotherhood, I can't very well scold him for it. I'd have done the same. Possibly.

"He knows he owes you," says Ms. Meechum. "Just get out of there. Other employees are starting to come in too. You need to leave, and don't use the back door. Use the front one."

Edward closes the drawers he had open and leaves the room with two things he found, sliding them into his pocket. I watch various windows Ms. Meechum opens for us to follow his progress through the club, and only breathe a sigh of relief when I see his dark form disappear into a doorway of blinding light.

"Wow. That was so close," Ms. Meechum says. "I almost peed."

My eyes widen. "I certainly hope not. That's Italian leather you're sitting on."

She giggles. "Good thing I didn't." She hums and mumbles as she works on the computer once more. "Shutting that down ... hmmmm, hmmm, hmmm ... erasing that little thing ... hmmm, hmmm ... never gonna access that again, you crazy beeyotch ... hmmm, hmmm, hmmm-hmmm ... and we'll just move that over there and that over there ..."

"Shall I leave you to it, then?" I ask, walking backwards towards the door.

"Yeah, yeah, go ..." she waves me away. "I'm going to be here for ten more minutes, max. Then I'll lock up."

"Right. Have a good evening." I'm almost out the door when my conscience causes me to pause. My father knew way more than I gave him credit for when he hired this woman. I never would have done it myself but I can't say as though it was a mistake. Not now.

"And Ms. Meechum ... Rachel ... thank you. For everything." There's more to my gratitude than just the idea that she's found that video file and kept my brother from arrest. The woman I can't get out of my mind is waiting for me in the next room and she wouldn't be there if it wasn't for this harebrained, idiot savant assistant of mine.

She breaks her attention away from the screen and grins. "You just called me Rachel."

"Indeed."

"Are you going to do that tomorrow?"

"Probably not."

She sighs and goes back to her screen. "Okay. See ya. Have a good night."

"And you as well." I leave her to her cleaning up and walk down the hall to the conference room. My blood heats up at the very idea of seeing the lovely Jennifer once again. I don't know if Rachel and Edward have saved my sorry arse from the chopping block but at least I'm better off now than I was a few minutes ago; the original file has been destroyed and two potential copies found.

Before I open the door I send a short text to a friend, letting him know I will be coming with someone special. I cannot wait to see the look on her face when she sees what it's all about.

I open the door and pause, the smile sliding from my face. I stare dumbly at the scene before me. There is nothing, save a table, chairs and a smudge on the table's normally high-gloss sheen. Jennifer has once again, disappeared.

My roar of displeasure can likely be heard down in the lobby.

CHAPTER THREE

Jennifer

WILLIAM'S NOT GONE FOR MORE than two minutes when the conference room door opens again. I stand up with a grin on my face, ready to go to dinner with the cutest, funniest sexiest guy I've ever known ... but my expression quickly moves into confused and then nervous when I see who's standing in the doorway.

"Hello," she says.

"Hello, Ingrid," I say, my voice cool. I have no idea why she's here, but I know for a fact now that William doesn't like her. She can say whatever she wants but that's not going to change. He asked me to go out for dinner, not her.

"You're still here," Ingrid says, sighing.

"Yes. Just waiting for William. We have a date."

Ingrid moves farther into the room and shuts the door behind her. "You should probably cancel," she says, taking a few more steps in my direction.

I don't back up and I don't sit down. I'm going to stand my ground with this woman. I have way more right to be here than she does, even if this is her building.

"I'm not canceling. I'm going." I put a hand on my hip to seem more powerful and assertive.

"Listen, I'm going to be honest with you," Ingrid says, stopping a few paces away. "I'm telling you to cancel for his own good."

"Oh yeah? Why do I not believe you?" I tilt my head, daring her to think I'm that stupid.

"Your trust issues aren't my concern. But I figured since you seem to like him, you'd want to do what you can to help him out."

That throws me off. I do like William. I do want to help him out. But what's that got to do with her. Is she trying to get me involved in their lease negotiations? That's weird.

"What's that got to do with anything?"

She smiles like she has me. It instantly gets my back up.

"We have a ... delicate ... situation here, and the best thing for William is to just try and work with me on it and make it go away."

"I heard about your lease issue." I shake my head, pitying her. "Pretty sad you have to use lease negotiations to try and get a date with William."

She laughs. "Our lease? Is that what he told you this is about?"

My confidence takes a dive. "Yes. What else would it be?"

She tsks-tsks at me. She actually does that.

"So sad. You really think he's interested in you? That he's looking for a long-term relationship from you?" She laughs again. "I don't get it. You're smart. Why do smart women always fall for that bullshit? You f**k a guy on the first date, let him f**k you in a club, no less, and then you expect him to want to marry you?"

My jaw drops open at her gall. And who said anything about marriage? Shame burns my cheeks.

"You want my advice?" she asks. "Leave. Before you make a complete fool of yourself."

"The only one making a fool of herself is you." I'm not exactly sure if that's right at this point, but it sounds good.

"Correct me if I'm wrong, but you haven't been out on an actual date with William, have you?"

"Yes, I have." I jut my chin out. "I went to the ball with him."

She snickers. "That wasn't a date. That was a business function. He was there to show his face to clients. You were decoration." She crosses her arms delicately across her chest. "Have you met his family yet?"

I give her my you're-completely-ridiculous-look. "Of course not. The relationship is too new for that."

Ingrid holds out her hand, palm facing the floor, and examines her nails. "I was just at his father's place with him yesterday for Sunday brunch. I've known his family for a while now. We have many common interests." She fixes me with a knowing stare. She has me by the lady-balls and she knows it. "Did he mention that he took me to his family home? That we had brunch together yesterday? They have a lovely garden. I had a grand tour on his father's arm. Have you seen it?"

My ears are burning too hot. I'm afraid of what I might say. I'm afraid I'm about to burst into tears. He didn't tell me any of this. He lied. Just like Hank lied. I can't stick my head in the sand a second time and survive it. I just can't.

I grab my briefcase from the table. "I need to go. Excuse me." I push past her and make a beeline for the door.

"Don't be upset," she says at my back. "He's just a man."

I turn around and smile as best I can under the circumstances. "Yeah. Good luck with that."

"Oh, believe me, I don't need luck."

I throw the door open and leave without a single backward glance. I have no idea where William is and I do not care. He lied to me. He totally lied to me about his relationship with her, with that lipstick on his neck, with everything. Why? It doesn't matter. I'm tired of being lied to, of being cheated on. I've had enough of that from Hank to last me for the rest of my life.

My mind races as I make my way down the elevator and out to my car. Tragedy. Lies. Wishes. Hopes. Foolish little girl dreams. Ugh. Why? Why? Why? I throw my briefcase into the back seat and roar out of the parking space with squealing tires.

How could I have been so stupid? I let him screw me right there in his conference room! I was supposed to be there to make a business proposal, not be a slut! But of course he expected that from me. That's all I've ever been to him. He's in love with my boobs, with what's between my legs. Why did I read more into it?

I can't stop crying. My phone rings, but I don't even bother seeing who it is. People stare at me at every stoplight, but I don't even take the time to wipe my nose. What's the point? I screwed up. I can't tell a decent guy from an ass**le. I can't even tell when my boyfriend of eight years is having an affair with a kindergartener. I'm beyond therapy. Beyond OJ. I need to just go far, far away and re-evaluate my life. I wonder if three months of rent is enough for a ticket to Greece. I could fish for food. Hell, at this point I could hook for food.

When I get to my apartment, I grab my briefcase from the back seat and go to my door, fumbling around with my key ring to find the right one. I don't see Hank until I'm almost on top of him.

"Hey, what's wrong?" he asks in a concerned voice.

I freeze on the sidewalk, standing there staring at him. He's an alien creature, here to bring me to a spaceship and probe me. Or maybe I'm tripping on some random drug I inhaled from the air. Or I'm having a crazy allergic reaction to the tree pollen floating around. These are the only rational explanations for what I'm seeing right now. This cannot be real. He would not show up on my doorstep after screwing me over like he did.

"Fuck off, Hank." I find my key and put it in the lock.

"Why are you so upset? It can't be because of today." He's still standing there, right at my back. Apparently our break up has not fully penetrated his brain and he thinks he can invade my personal space.

"Hank, I swear to God, I am on a hair trigger right now and it won't take much to push me over the edge." I shove my door in and drop my briefcase and purse on the ground, going straight for my fridge.

OJ, come to me now.

The door shuts quietly. "I wanted to come by and talk," he says.

I spin around and go back to the foyer area. "You're still here?! Why?! I told you to leave!" I know I look like crazy person, but I don't care. Hank can suck it. He can suck it twice.

He holds out his hands to calm me. "Hey, hey, relax, would you? I just came to talk. And I can see you're upset and I'd like to help."

I laugh, but it sounds like one of those insane asylum noises you hear in movies. "Help? You help me? Oh, that's a good one." I laugh again. "That's a f**king joke is what that is." I shake my head, putting my hands on my hips. "You really are a piece of work, Hank. I'm serious." My arms fly up and flail around. "You walk around like there's nothing going on, like you didn't cheat on me, like you didn't shit on our relationship, like you didn't just come in this morning and take away my whole business life ... what is your f**king damage?" I stare him down. "Are you mentally ill? A sociopath? I'm starting to think the answer to that is yes."

"No, listen ..." He edges sideways trying to walk towards my family room, but I block his access. "I just want to sit down, have a little conversation about you working with us, and then I'll leave, 'kay?" He gives me what I used to think was his playful frown but now I see it for the manipulation that it really is. "I can see you're upset, babe. Why don't you talk to me about it? Was it a guy?"

I cross my arms, wrapping them tightly around my body. I feel like I'm about to fly apart into a million tiny pieces and this is the only way I can keep myself whole. My knuckles go white with the grip I have on myself.

"Hank, you're the last person on the entire planet I'd go to when I need to talk, so just leave, would you? I need to go to bed."

He looks at his watch. "It's not even eight o'clock. Come on, let me take you out. We can talk over drinks or dinner, even."

"What about Heather?" I ask not because I'm considering taking him up on his offer, I just wonder if she knows whether her boyfriend is going out with his ex. The irony makes me a little happy, in an ugly kind of way. Once a cheater, always a cheater.

"She's out with girlfriends. She wouldn't mind, though. She knows you and I are friends."

I start laughing and can't stop. I have to bend over to hold my stomach. Sour bile rises up into my throat, but I just keep going.

"Why is that so funny?"

"Friends," I finally gasp out. "Is that what you call a person who destroys your entire life? My god, with friends like you, who needs the Taliban?"

He gives me his charming smile. "Come on, Jen, you know I didn't destroy your entire life. Our break-up was a good thing. We weren't going anywhere together."

"Oh, and you and Heather are going places?" My voice goes up into very high ranges. "She's going to help you climb your way to the top?"

"Her father is a city commissioner. He's on the planning committee."

I pause before launching my next volley to consider his confession. Is it possible he dumped me as part of his career planning? And if so, does that make me happier or sadder about the whole situation? Does Heather know she's just a pawn?

Looking at his face, I decide that this whole thing makes me sadder. All my gusto disappears and I sink down into myself. I'm not even worth hanging onto over a real estate career. Eight years invested, right down the toilet.

"Hank. I need you to go." I walk over to the door and open it up. "Leave before I get out my one frying pan and knock you over the head with it."

He laughs bitterly. "You don't cook. You don't even have pans."

I speak through gritted teeth. "I have a f**king pan and I will use it. And no, not to cook, but to beat you to death."

He holds up his hands and walks sideways to the door. "Fine. But when you calm down, I'd like to talk to you about the Goodman property, downtown."

I wait as he steps over the threshold. "Why?" I ask. "Why that property?"

"No reason. I just want you to come back and work with us, and I've talked to the Goodmans and they'd like to you come back too."

I step to the space between us, putting my finger up into his face. "Don't you even think about stealing them away from me, ass**le." That's the property that I consider my golden goose. It looks like crap now, but I just know the spot is perfect for rehabilitation. It just needs the right investor with modern vision and a lot of money.

"Just call me. When you're calm."

"Not gonna happen, ass**le!" I shout out after him.

He walks away, shaking his head. "You really need to get some therapy or something, Jennifer. You're a mess. I could get some names for you if you like."

I grab the scented candle off my small table by the door and chuck it at him, hitting him square in the back. It makes a very satisfying thud before it crashes to the sidewalk and breaks into several big chunks.

"Ow!" he shouts, pausing to glare at me as he arches his back. "What'd you do that for!"

"That's my therapy!" I scream. "And guess what! Ha! It works! I feel much better now!" I slam the door, lock it, and lean against it, breathing heavily. As my legs turn to jelly and I slide down to the floor, I start laughing. The look of surprise on his face was seriously healing. I have a lot of candles. Maybe I should throw a few more at him.

Once I start laughing again, I can't stop. I have to crawl over to my couch and use the arm to help stand up. When I can finally breathe right again, I find that I'm exhausted. Today has been a hell of a day.

CHAPTER FOUR

William

I STAND IN THE CORRIDOR, gutted, considering my options. Jennifer has either gone to the loo or she's disappeared into the night, pulling the Cinderella act once again. I pop my head into the conference room just to see if there's a shoe there, but there's not.

But I don't need a glass slipper. I have a phone number and a last name. Ringing her up does me no good, though, as my two calls go into her message box.

When I return to my office, it's empty as well. Ms. Meechum has left without a trace. I would never know she had been here hacking away just moments before if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes. This causes me pause. I did see it with my own eyes, didn't I? Surely that smudge on the conference room table is evidence that I haven't dreamt the entire evening up.

My phone rings in my hand and I do not recognize the number. Cheering instantly, hoping it's Jennifer, I answer. "Stratford."

"William," says a female voice. "Are you ready to go to dinner?"

I frown. Jennifer sounds as though she has the lurgy. "Jennifer?"

"No. Not Jennifer. She left, went home. It's Ingrid."

My heart turns to stone. It actually weighs down my chest and makes my body sag. "Why did she leave?" Fury takes over and I stand rigid. "What did you say to her?"

"Nothing but the truth."

I squeeze my phone and make to throw it against the wall, but quickly get my emotions under control and put it back to my ear. "And what truth did you share, may I ask?"

"We can discuss it over dinner."

"No, we cannot discuss it over dinner." I'm nearly shaking with rage. This woman is something ... I can't even say the words.

"William, I'm warning you ..."

"No, Ingrid, I'm warning you. Do not press me on this. I will not dine with you, I will not date you, and I most certainly will not sleep with you. It's beyond the pale that you believe you can blackmail me like this." I'm dizzy with the idea that I almost let her do this to not only me but my family as well.

"It's not blackmail, it's simply two people meant to be together, getting together. Admit it, William, we work."

"Of course I work. What's that got to do with anything?"

"I mean we work. We work well together. We're both focused on business, on investing, on being passionate people both in and out of the bedroom."

"I want nothing to do with your passions, no matter where they lie. I'm done with this game of yours." I hope Ms. Meechum's hacking has done its job. "I'm off the hook. No longer under your thumb."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

Perhaps my mouth has gotten away from me. I shall blame it on Jennifer. She's caused me to turn inside out. She and her lovely br**sts. I haven't thought anything straight through since I met them or her.

"Never mind. I've got to go. Don't call me anymore, Ingrid. Lose this number. In fact, lose all my numbers."

"Your lease is coming up for renewal, you know."

"Don't try to diddle me, Ingrid. It's beneath you."

"Diddle you? That sounds fun."

I feel like retching at her attempts at flirting. "Go diddle yourself. I'm otherwise occupied." I hang up before she can provide any more fodder for my nightmares.

Taking in a deep breath to fill my chest, I let it all out in one long go.

There.

I've just made the decision. To hell with my reputation. So what if the world knows I've had my head between the legs of the most beautiful girl in the city? What's it to me? Sure we might lose some investors, but we'll find more. I always find more. I'll just have to go to more parties. Pretend more often that I care for people I don't. All in a day's work, really.

The first call I make is to my brother.

"Edward," he says.

"It's me. William."

"I know who you are, dudley, I can see your number on the screen."

"So how'd you get on?"

"With what?"

"Don't be daft."

"Och, so now I'm daft, is that it?"

"Quit faffing around! You know what I'm talking about." I tap my foot impatiently.

"I filched a couple of those drives your girl mentioned and that's about it. Not sure if it's going to help or not, but I did what I could."

It nearly kills me to say it, but I do it anyway. "Thanks loads. You were brilliant. Fucking crazy, but brilliant. I owe you one."

"Yeah, that's already been determined. All of it. The brilliant part and the you owing me part."

"Don't be such a ..." I don't say it. Edward and I fall into these mutually insulting conversations and after they roll out, it's difficult to remember what we were even discussing to start with.

"What's the matter, brother? Lost your mojo?" Edward chuckles.

"No. I've lost ... never mind. I'll see you round." My mind is back on Jennifer. I have to find her. Tonight.

"Hold on then, what's going on?" Edward's curiosity is piqued.

"Nothing's going on." I squeeze the phone. Speaking about my personal life with Edwards is not common territory for me. I'm used to handling things on my own.

"You having problems with your lady?"

"What lady?"

"The tidy one you fancy enough to snog in the middle of a dance club."

"Nothing's going on. I just have to find her."

"Ah, she's run off. Well, keep your pecker up. I'm sure you'll find a way to charm her back into the fold."

"Thank you. I think."

"Give us a bell if you need help."

"Will do. Cheers."

"Right. Fuck off, then." And he disconnects the call.

I have to smile. No one rings off like my brother Edward.

My next call is to Jennifer's number. After a couple of failed attempts at connection and an hour of gaffing around, I resort to texting. I'm not a fan of the technology, but she's left me no choice. A text it shall be if that's what it takes to find my Cinderella.

CHAPTER FIVE

Jennifer

A TEXT ARRIVES FROM THE same person who's already called and left me at least one message. I bring my phone closer to my face so I can see through my swollen eyelids reading the words on the screen.

Where did you go? I thought we were going to dinner?

A very unattractive snort flies out of my nose. My fingers make tick-tack sounds on the keyboard as I type out my response.

Take Ingrid. Ha. That'll show him to play me for a fool. God, I can't believe I was so stupid. He left the conference room for a minute and came back with lipstick on his neck. Duh! How stupid can I get?

I don't want to take Ingrid. I want to take you.

Just reading the words makes my heart ache and my teeth ache and everything else hurt too. I should probably throw the phone across the room and go to bed, but I'm too upset for that. I don't even care what happens now. I just want him to know that I know what the truth is. No more dicking around with my feelings, pretending something is there that isn't. Just one night. That's all you get, William, you big fat liar.

You took her to brunch. She's more your type, I think.

I don't have to wait long for his reply.

She is most definitely not my type. I need to speak with you.

I sigh heavily. I can't let his charm wear me down. Typing out my answer is so difficult. It's like I have lead weights in each of my fingers.

I'm done with the lies. I'm going to bed.

Even after five minutes of me waiting, he doesn't answer, and that's just perfect. I guess that's it. Things got real, and then he got gone. Just one night it is. I'm a big girl. I've got my big girl panties on. I can handle it.

I leave my phone in the kitchen so I won't be tempted to start up another conversation, and go to my bedroom. Minutes later I'm in my PJs and all my makeup is washed off. My face is puffy and red from all the crying, but at least I haven't sprouted any zits yet. That's what usually happens when I'm stressed.

I'm in my bed tossing and turning when my doorbell rings. Nobody rings my doorbell except the pizza man, and I know I didn't order anything. I ignore it, wondering if it's possible that Jehovah's Witnesses would be calling this late. I'm afraid at this point I won't be able to fend them off and I'll end up with a stack of literature if I so much as look through the peep hole.

Putting my pillow over my face doesn't completely block out my visitor, unfortunately. The doorbell has been abandoned in favor of pounding. I move the pillow off to the side as I stare at the ceiling. Maybe it's Mia. Maybe she's in trouble. She has a key, though. Of course I did put the chain lock on, but that wouldn't stop her. Or maybe it's Hank and he needs to have a little meeting with my frying pan. I am so spoiling for a fight right now it's not even funny. I almost hope it's him.

I swing my legs over to the side of the bed. The pounding on the door continues. I hope the apartment building isn't on fire. That would be the perfectly shitty end to my perfectly shitty day. Sliding my feet into my Tweety Bird slippers, I stand to shuffle out of my room and down the hall. This better be a f**king emergency.

I open the door a crack, leaving the chain lock in place. The frying pan is in my right hand, ready to flatten some liar-man-face.

"I knew you were home. Let me in."

I let out a sigh of relief tinged with annoyance. "Mia, I'm sleeping. Come back tomorrow."

"Since when do you tell me to come back tomorrow? What kind of crazy talk is that?" She crosses her eyes and grimaces.

"I'm tired, I'm sick, I'm ... tired. Just ... go." I shut the door in her face.

Her muffled voice comes through the aluminum. "If you don't open this door in five seconds, I am going to get out my purse alarm and let 'er blow."

"Purse alarm?" I move closer to the door, not sure I heard right.

"Yeah, my purse alarm. And this sucker is loud, so you better open that door. I'm not playing."

The last thing I need is my landlord kicking me out because I have obnoxious friends, so I capitulate. Moving the chain back, I step away from the entrance. "I told you, Mia, I'm tired. I'm not in the mood to chit chat."

She comes in and shuts the door behind her, dropping her bag to the ground. "So don't chit chat. Just listen to me do it." Taking me by the hand, she drags me into the family room and sits us both down on the couch.

"So." She crosses her legs and rests her hands in her lap. "What's wrong? Why do you look like hell? Why aren't you answering my calls?"

"Those were you?" Assuming they were all William was another mistake. Why did I think he'd be that desperate to talk to me? I'm the desperate one, not him.

"Duh. Who else would it be?"

I shrug, trying with monumental effort not to sob out loud.

She leans in closer, throwing her arm across the back of the couch, and stares at me intently. "You've been crying."

I rub delicately under one eye, pretending there's an eyelash there or something. "No, I haven't. It's allergies."

"Bullshit. You don't have allergies."

"Yes, I do."

"To what?" She lifts an eyebrow at me.

"Pollen."

"Lies. All lies. Tell me what you were crying about."

I have to look away or I'm going to start all over again. "Just ... nothing. Just guy stuff. The usual."

"Did you see Hank?"

I look at her, wondering if she knows already. They were never friends, but I wouldn't put it past Hank to try to get to me through her. "Yes, as a matter of fact. He came over here."

Mia backs her head up and frowns. "Why in the hell would he do that?"

I nod, glad to know they haven't been in touch behind my back. "Thank you. Exactly what I said."

"So?"

"So, he came here to talk to me about clients."

She narrows her eyes. "That dirty bastard. He came over here to make sure you didn't bring your clients with you." She takes her arm off the couch and shakes her finger at me. "Don't you dare let that ass-cheese take those properties from you."

"Oh, I won't, believe me."

"So what'd you tell him?"

I smile for the first time in what seems like hours. "I told him to f**k off or I'd smash him with my frying pan."

She laughs. "Do you even own a frying pan?"

I hit her in the arm. "Yes! I own a frying pan. It's over there." I point at the front door table where I left it when I realized there wouldn't be any need to smash the nose of this particular visitor.

She nods, sticking out her bottom lip as she takes it in. "Yep. That's where I keep my frying pans too. Right by the front door. Never know when you're going to need to fry an egg over there."

I put my feet up on the coffee table, crossing my Tweetie Birds over one another. "Are you here for a specific reason or just to harass me?"

She puts her feet up next to mine on the table. "I'm hiding, actually. Malcolm made some noise about stopping over at my place, so I have to be sure not to be there."

"God, he has a lot of nerve." I look at her sideways. "Are you sure you're not encouraging him?"

She goes dark. "What are you suggesting? That I ask him to do this shit?"

"No, no, don't go getting all mad at me. It's just that he gave you a raise, so maybe he's thinking you owe him something for it."

She shrugs. "Guys jump to conclusions like that all on their own. They don't need women to lead them to it. And for the record, I have not led him on. I work hard and I work well, but I do not work the cock."

I wave off her mood with a flutter of my hand between us. "I know, just never mind me. I'm in a cranky mood."

"What happened? Did you call William and ask him for a job?"

"Worse."

She turns sideways on the couch, hiking up one knee between us. "Worse? Do tell."

"Stop smiling. It's not funny."

"Okay. I'll frown. How's this?" She puffs her bottom lip out.

"Better."

"So tell me." She knocks me in the shoulder. "Come on, confess, it'll make the night go by faster."

I lean my head back on the couch and stare at the ceiling. "I called him, he told me to come over and give him a presentation, we ended up screwing in the conference room, and then I left."

"Wait, wait, wait ... hold up ... you just left? You had sex? Did you give the presentation?"

I lift my head and turn it so I can glare at her. "No, I didn't give the presentation. See? It's a f**king nightmare." I huff out some air and go back to staring at the ceiling.

"Why do I think there's more to this story than I'm hearing?"

"There's this woman okay? This other woman." I can see Ingrid's face in my head, her perfect skin that probably never gets zits, her ice blue eyes, her blond hair, her legs that look a mile long. Why on earth is William pretending he hates her? What a lie! No man could hate a woman who looks like that. She might be a little flat chested, but that doesn't matter. It probably makes her a better tennis player. She's perfect. She's my worst nightmare.

"Is she his wife?"

"No."

"Girlfriend?"

"I'm not sure."

"Why aren't you sure?"

"Because! She acts like she is, but he says she isn't. And his assistant says she isn't."

"Okay, so she isn't." Mia shrugs, like it's a done deal.

I turn my head and stare at her. "But she went to family brunch with him yesterday."

"So the f**k what?" Mia looks at me like I'm nuts. "I go to brunch with Malcolm all the time. It doesn't mean crap."

"You do?" I sit up straight.

"Sometimes." She leans over and grabs my hand. "Is that all? Just a brunch? Seems like a lot of puffy water retention around the eyelids to be just about a simple thing like that."

I stare at her hand holding mine. "She interrupted us, and when he came back from talking to her in private, he had her lipstick on his neck."

"Did you call him out on it?"

"Not exactly. I asked him if he kissed her."

"What'd he say?"

"He said no."

"Hmmmm ..."

"Yeah, right? Like ... that was a lie, right?"

"Not necessarily," Mia says slowly. "Maybe she just kissed him."

"Oh, please, like that matters. A kiss is a kiss no matter who starts it."

"Okay, you're right, I agree. But if everyone says she's not a girlfriend, maybe you should find out why there are different stories being told."

"She obviously wants to be with him." I shrug. "But who wouldn't want to be? He's pretty perfect. Except for the lying part."

"Tell me about him," Mia says, pulling her legs up and getting more comfortable, letting my hand go so she can wrap her arms around her shins.

I stare off into space as I picture him. "Well, he's charming and gorgeous of course."

"Of course," Mia agrees, a smile in her voice.

"And he's really funny. I mean, he makes me laugh all the time."

"A sense of humor is important."

"Yes, I agree. And he's smart and obviously accomplished. He's amazing in bed. Or ... on table ... whatever. He's knows what he's doing in that area. And he's running Stratford Investments."

"Malcolm is all over them, you know. He sees them as clients one day."

"I don't know if they're big wine drinkers." I look up at my friend as I realize I am completely in the dark as it relates to the Stratford family. No surprise I guess that I'm not invited to the family brunch. "I really don't know them well at all. I just know that I like William. And I thought he liked me."

"Obviously he does, or he wouldn't keep having sex with you."

"Sex isn't about liking someone."

She shakes her head. "I don't think that's true in his case. Do you?"

I go sad over that. "I didn't think so until tonight."

A buzzing sound comes from the dining table in the kitchen.

"You're phone is ringing," Mia says.

"So? Everyone I want to talk to is sitting right here." I tap her on the knee and smile.

"What about William? Maybe it's him."

I sigh and look at the coffee table. "I can't talk to him right now. I'm a mess." It's taking everything I have not to get up and look at my phone. Part of me wants it to be him full of explanations that will make sense, and part of me wants it to be Hank just so I can let out a stream of expletives and get rid of this energy I still have running all through me. I should be exhausted, but I'm not. I want to punch something or whack it with my frying pan.

Mia's opening her mouth to speak, but she never gets the words out. The doorbell cuts her off.

We look at each other, both of our eyes going wide.

"Who could that be?" Mia asks quietly.

"I have no idea. Hank, maybe?" I stand up and walk over to grab my frying pan. Mia is right behind me. We tiptoe to the door.

There's another ring of the bell and then a sharp knock.

"Who is it?" Mia asks loudly enough to make my ear ring.

"It's William. William Stratford. I'm looking for Jennifer. Do I have the right address, please?"

CHAPTER SIX

William

I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO nervous in all my life. I'm standing outside a small apartment door, dim light barely making the number visible, hoping I won't be shot by a nervous dweller inside.

"You sure do have the right address!" a voice shouts. I don't believe it's Jennifer, but I hang onto the hope that it might be just the barely insulated door that's changing her voice's timbre.

"Mia, no!" A second voice says. This is the one I know. This is Jennifer. My heart races knowing I will soon be seeing her.

The door is made of paper mache or something equally thin. I can hear every word being exchanged between the two women.

"Just rip it off, baby," Jennifer's friend says. "Like a bandaid. Figure this out once and for all!" The handle turns and the door opens two inches before banging at the end of the chain. It vibrates strongly with the force.

"Oh, shit," Mia says into the crack of the door. "Hold on a sec." She shuts the door and then opens it again, throwing her arms wide and grinning from ear to ear. "If it isn't the infamous William Stratford."

"Good evening, Mia. How are you?"

"Very good. Gold star for remembering the best friend's name." She winks. "And now, I'll leave you two to the make-up sex. I'm outta here." She takes her bag from the floor, leans over to kiss Jennifer on the cheek, and disappears from the apartment, all before either Jennifer or I can utter a single syllable in response.

I look at Jennifer and she looks at me.

My perusal of her person starts at her head. She looks ten years younger than I remember. Her hair is tousled, waving every which way. Her cheeks are a rosy pink and her eyes wide and green. She reminds me of a spring day, the way she's all light and fluffy. She's clothed in flannel. A riot of flowers in many colors covers her from neck to ankle. And on her feet are two enormous yellow birds, if I am not mistaken. They appear to be deformed, however. The craniums of these yellow birds are entirely too large for their very small beaks. And the eyes ... it's as if they're staring into my soul.

"What are you doing here?" she asks. I get the impression from her tone that she is not pleased to see me. "How did you know where I live?"

"I ... errr .... ummm ... " I cannot focus on the question. The birds are staring at me. "Are those birds on your feet?"

She lifts an eyebrow and starts tapping her right toe over and over. The bird's head wobbles to and fro. "You didn't answer my question."

I have to shake my head and blink a few times to get on the subject at hand. I shall worry about the birds later. "Right. Indeed. You wish to know why I am here, is that it?" I can't help but look down at her toes again. One of the bird heads is tilting down, staring at my feet. It makes me want to move out of the way.

"Yes. This is my apartment. Where I live. Why are you here?"

I give her a pained smile. It's the best I have at this point. I know I've stepped over the line and probably appear a bit stalker-like. I just couldn't go another day not knowing where we stand. There have been enough misunderstandings between us. I vowed to make this right on my way over and I intend to follow through.

"I thought perhaps we could talk. I did try to call first. Your address was easily found online."

"I didn't answer on purpose." She's not giving me an inch.

So she was ignoring me on purpose. Damn. Keep calm, William. Do what you came for.

"I was beginning to wonder," I say, "however, I'm not that easily dissuaded when I'm determined, so here I am. Would you mind if I came in for a moment? I won't keep you." If I can get in the door, there's hope. Come on, girl, let me in the door. Let me in your heart!

She rolls her eyes as she hangs on to the open edge of the door. "Fine. But I'm tired and I'm going to bed soon, so make it quick."

I step into the foyer and she shuts the door behind me, sliding a chain-lock into place. She then turns and folds her arms loosely across her chest. "So talk."

Certain I won't get anywhere towards my goal in this foyer, I gesture towards the sitting room. "Would you mind if I sat down? It's been a long day."

"I'll bet." She chews the inside of her cheek before finally gesturing with her chin towards the salon. "Go ahead. Knock yourself out."

"I don't know if that will be necessary," I mumble as I walk ahead of her into the room. She's not making this easy on me, but I don't suppose I deserve any better.

I choose the middle of the couch, hoping to have her sit next to me, but she declines the hinted-at invitation. Instead, she takes the only armchair in the room.

"I owe you a big apology," I say, rubbing my palms together. They have begun to perspire.

"You think?" She rests her hands on the arms of the chair. Her chin trembles as do the loose parts of her hair. I cannot tell if this means she intends to cry or yell. I hope it will be neither. I feel terrible that I am the cause of her distress, whatever it is.

"Yes, I do think it," I say, prepared to eat a very large portion of humble pie. "I know it. I hope you will accept my humblest of apologies because I certainly would like you to. I haven't been entirely honest with you." There. It's been said. Now we shall see what we will see. Have our trysts been meaningful enough that she will give me a chance to explain, or will she toss me out on my arse into the street without even so much as a by your leave? I'm in knots with the not knowing.

She nods, her mouth all twisted up.

"I told you that Ingrid is holding the lease over my head, but that was only part of the story."

"Is she pregnant?"

This is coming from the middle of nowhere. I frown, trying to determine if either I've said something to lead her down this road or if Ingrid has. The mere idea is abhorrent to me. "Pregnant? Good God, no! I have never ... I would never ... NO. Absolutely, unequivocally not. Ingrid and I do not have carnal knowledge of one another. And we never will, I can assure you of that." I feel dirty now. Just imagining the spawning of a demon child with that woman, being linked to her for life, attending birthday parties with her at my side, clowns and balloon animals ... I shudder involuntarily.

"But you kissed her. Before you came into the conference room with me."

Jennifer sounds so sure of herself, I have to think back over the last few days to see if there's something I might have forgotten. I have drunk some wine, but I'm quite certain I would remember something like that. The only time we came close was when she accosted me in my office corridor. "I did nothing of the sort. She grabbed me earlier today and tried to kiss me, but I pushed her off."

"You had her lipstick on your neck."

"Oh. Well, that's inconvenient, isn't it? But it doesn't change the fact that I am the victim here. I am totally innocent."

"You expect me to believe that? How is that possible?"

I sputter as I try to explain in a way that makes sense. How is it that a grown man, the CEO of a well-respected company, cannot not kiss a woman?

"Well, it's because she's ... she's ... she's a vampire." I've gone mad, but madness is my only hope. "That's right. She came right for the jugular. You've seen her. Tell me that's not a plausible explanation for her choice of attack."

Jennifer's mouth twitches as she battles some emotion. "She does kind of look like that lady who's the head of the vampires in True Blood. Are you saying that you had to fight her off?"

I'm ready to fly through the air like one of those giant-headed yellow birds over the fact that Jennifer does actually understand and believe my ridiculous yet true story.

"Indeed. Tooth and nail. Had I a string of garlic or a cross I would have used those as well."

"That doesn't explain the lies. Or the brunch." She sounds very sad when she says the word brunch. It's obvious she's never attended one of my family's brunches or she'd be much less impressed with the whole idea.

I run a hand through my hair, trying to figure out how to explain everything so that it makes sense. Everything is all in a twist. It's a web I've spun around me and I need to just un-spin it. That's the only way.

I clear my throat and begin. "I need to back the story up a bit and tell you the part I've left out."

"How about you start at the beginning?" she suggests, sitting back in her chair. Her hands leave their post to fold in her lap. Her shoulders aren't nearly as rigid as they were when I arrived. I shall take that as a good sign.

I nod. "An excellent suggestion. I shall start at the beginning. Why didn't I think of that?" I wait to see if she'll laugh, but then I continue when she just stares at me. Right. She will be a tough nut to crack, but I will give it my all.

"All righty ... so ... I was sitting in my office, working my fingers to the bone, when Ms. Meechum entered and handed me a stack of papers, within which was your advert for a one-night interlude."

"You don't need to start that far out." She's trying not to smile but it appears my wit is impossible to resist. She quickly covers up her lapse with a cough and covers her mouth, but not before I see it. It gives me hope.

"I believe I must. Otherwise, I can depend on another misunderstanding, I'm sure of it. I'd rather just have it out and we can either move forward from there or get out the pickaxes."

"Pickaxes? Are you a serial killer or something?"

"No, we use those for digging graves on rocky terrain." I wave a hand in the air, trying to keep us on track. "Never mind. Skip that part. I'm back in the office now with my pile of papers."

"And mine is on top."

"No, actually, yours was not on top. But yours refused to be ignored."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean exactly that. I tried to toss it in the bin and it wouldn't go. I tried to put it on her desk, and it fell to the floor. Your advert refused to be ignored, so I stopped fighting the inevitable. It was destiny that I call you."

Her eyes blink like mad at the word destiny.

I continue, watching her for any signs that might tell me if I'm doing well or not. "And so I did. And you would not meet with me." I pound my knee with my fist as I recall how unnerving and yet exciting that was. "You wouldn't even have a cup of tea with me. You only wanted one night, and that was all. One night of passion and that would be the end of things."

"And that's what you wanted too. Otherwise you wouldn't have answered the ad."

The idea is positively depressing, hearing her say it like that. Is that really what I wanted? At the time, I suppose it was. "Exactly. Or at least, that's what I thought."

"And now? Do you think something different?"

"Yes. Something vastly different."

CHAPTER SEVEN

Jennifer

"YOU'RE JUMPING AHEAD." I BLUSH as I realize he's starting to get to the nitty gritty. I need him to slow down so my brain can accept what he's saying, because right now it sounds too good to be true.

"Yes, yes, quite right. So I saw you outside of the coffee shop." He pauses and gets a faraway look in his eye. "You were so beautiful." He's back to the present and looking at me again. "You are so beautiful. I'm not sure if it's a trick of the light, but you are more stunning each and every time I see you," he gestures at the floor, "even with those ridiculous, deformed birds on your feet."

I can feel my face heating up. "You're just flattering me. Flattery will get you nowhere."

"Well, that would matter to me if this was merely flattery. However, I can assure you, it is not. It's the simple truth."

My heart is hammering in my chest. "So we went out on our one date."

"Yes. You were Cinderella with your sparkling gown and your glass slippers, full of mystery."

"And you were Prince Charming, or so I thought." A bitter smile twists my face. I was so naive then.

"I'm no Prince," he says, his voice going dark, "but I am also not a cad, nor am I a liar."

"You knew Ingrid. I could tell at the ball."

"Of course I knew of her. We work in the same building, and as I told you then, she had been pursuing me for months."

"What does that even mean?" I ask. "Pursuing. Was she stalking you or something?"

"I cannot be certain, but I believe she was timing her entry onto the lift and in the parking garage to coincide with the times that I would be there. And she was always suggesting we go out for drinks and so forth."

"Did you ever go out with her?"

"Certainly not."

"So why did she suddenly think you were going to dinner with her, and how did she end up at your house for brunch?"

"Yes, well..." He pauses to pull his tie out a little and unbutton his collar. I see that he's wearing a different shirt, one with all the buttons still attached.

"Do you recall our night at the dance club?" he asks.

A smile sneaks out before I can stop it. "How could I forget?" I quickly school my features to be more neutral. Happy memories do not equal forgiveness.

"Do you recall that I went up to speak to the manager that evening?"

"Of course I remember. You left me standing at the bar after you punched that guy." Echoes of the embarrassment bounce around inside me. Now I'm back to being mad at him and myself for coming back for more.

"I apologize for doing that, but I had very good reason."

"Okay, what was it?"

"From the comments made by the bartender and the communication device in his ear, I had a suspicion that we had been video taped in the hallway."

"Oh. I was kind of wondering about that." I cringe inside, wondering if I should do a quick search on Youtube. What would the keywords be? Ho-bag in hallway? Hallway f**kers?

"When I was upstairs, I met the manager who it turns out is Ingrid."

I sit up straight at this. "What? Are you kidding me? Did you know this before?"

"I would never joke about such a thing, and no, I did not know this before or I never would have entered that club. It was a shock to see her there. She was behind a large bank of monitors that tape the goings-on at the club and she had indeed taped us in our compromised position. She threatened to expose both of us to my family and our clients."

"My clients?"

"No. My clients. The clients of my family's firm."

I stare at him, taking in his obvious distress and earnest expression. "She said she was going to show the video to clients? And you believed her?"

"Of course I believed her. She said she wanted me to be with her. That she would keep it private if I agreed to ... to ..." He grimaces.

"To sleep with her."

He breathes out a huff of air. "If only it were that simple. She wanted more. Much more. She has it all planned out, apparently."

"Holy stalker alert."

"Precisely. Now you see what I had to do."

"Uhhh, not really. Did you sleep with her?" I've never had anyone threaten to expose me unless I slept with him, so it's hard for me to imagine what I'd do in that situation, but my first though goes to my frying pan.

"No. I agreed to see her the next day to discuss the situation. When she found out I had planned to attend a family brunch, she insisted that she go along. I took her there hoping I would come up with a solution, perhaps talk her into recognizing the foolishness of her actions."

"I don't think it worked," I say wryly.

"No, it most definitely did not. But I did speak to my brother about it when she was otherwise occupied by my father, and he consequently tried to assist me in retrieving copies of the tape to render the situation moot."

"What does that mean? Did he break into her office or something?" Wow. William is seriously anal about getting his clients upset. I wonder how they'd feel about breaking and entering.

"Not on my orders." He shakes his head as he stares at the ground. "This is Edward. These are the kinds of things he does when left to his own devices." William looks up at me. "I should have known he'd be reckless. I upset him at the brunch and he left before we could discuss it further. He took it into his own mind to try to help. I have not yet learned whether what he found is any use to us."

"She made a video, so how can you know if she has copies or not?"

"We cannot. That is the conclusion we came to after attempting to ... circumvent her systems."

I lift an eyebrow at that comment. He looks very guilty.

"Circumvent?"

He rubs his hands through his hair again, leaving it standing on end. I want to get off the chair and hug him as hard as I can, to help soothe his obvious anxiety, but I don't. I wait for the explanation. He's definitely freaking out inside, but I need to know exactly what he did and what's happening with that tape. I'm on it too, and although I'm not so worried about strangers seeing it, I'm not any more excited about my clients getting their hands on it than he is.

"My assistant and I ... accessed Ingrid's computer to find the video tape."

My jaw drops open. "Oh my ... you're a hacker?"

"No, good God, no. I'm barely able to send a text message. In any case, we cannot know if it was entirely successful because as you've mentioned, copies are easy enough to make."

"So what are you going to do now?"

He slides off the couch onto his knees.

"What are you doing?" I gather my Tweetie Birded feet up under me and hug my legs.

"I'm crawling over to you on my knees to beg for your forgiveness."

I peek out at him from between my knees. "I'm not sure I'm ready to forgive you." ... even though he looks pitiful and very, very sorry about what he's done. Not that he really did much. He just didn't tell me the whole truth. And he made me fall for him when I shouldn't have, which means he's set me up for a very painful fall. Seeing Hank today reminded me of the problem with that whole scenario.

He reaches my chair and puts his arms on the outside of my legs, resting his hands on my ribs. "I was a fool to keep you in the dark. This concerns your reputation too, and I should have put that above my concerns for my own or for my company's. I did what I thought was best at the time, but I realize now it was a mistake. I don't care about what she does with the tape. She can show it to my father, to our clients, to the whole world for all I care."

"I might care about that." I rest my chin on my knees and stare into his eyes. He looks so sad. It makes me even sadder than I already was. All I can think right now is that this relationship has the power to destroy both of us if we let it go too far, too deep.

"I know that, and I will try to get it from her if that's what you want. But I just want you to know that Ingrid means nothing to me. Less than nothing."

"And neither do I," I say, my voice barely a whisper. "Our date was for just one night. Not two. Not three. Just one."

"It was supposed to be, in theory, yes, I know that." He clings harder to me. "But when I saw you standing there in front of that coffee shop, something happened. Maybe I forgot the rules or just ignored them, but I saw that night as not just one, but the beginning of many. Maybe not right in the front of my mind, but down deep."

"Down deep?"

"Where it counts. In my soul. And then when we danced, I know you felt it too. Tell me you did."

I shake my head. "I'm not saying anything."

"When we made love that first time, it was perfect. We fit together so perfectly." His eyes soften. "Remember?"

"It wasn't making love. It was sex." My heart is aching. He's trying to convince me he's serious when he can't possibly be. I'm just unobtainable to him now and a challenge. That's what this is all about.

"No. I don't accept that. I've had plenty of sex, but I've never had sex like I have with you."

"William, we've had a couple hot one-night stand kind of things. None of it was making love. None of it was ... romance or anything like that." I can't look at him anymore. I stare at my frying pan and hold back tears. He's saying everything I wanted to hear from him before, but now it feels like a cruel joke.

He'll be here tonight and maybe even for a couple more weeks, but then he'll be gone. Once the challenge is over, once the hot, just-one-night events are replaced by everyday monotony he'll leave. Relationships that start off like ours did are doomed from the start. I was a complete fool to try and lure in a guy who doesn't want to commit, only to hope that he will end up to be someone totally different.

"You're wrong," William says, his voice confident. "Love comes in many flavors. Most people start out with vanilla and chocolate and work their way up to rum raisin but that doesn't mean that's the only way to do it."

"Rum raisin?" I can't help but giggle. Just the tiniest bit.

"Indeed. Rum raisin and boysenberry crunch and stracciatella. That's where things get interesting. We just started with the more complicated things. We will enjoy the other flavors too."

"You sound Italian."

"Do you want to go to Italy? I'll take you to Italy." He stands all of a sudden and holds out his hands. "Come with me now. You'll love Venice."

I stare at his hands and my jaw drops open. I'm afraid he's serious. "I'm in my pajamas."

"You may bring the birds with you." He looks at them with a concerned expression. "Although I'm a little worried the customs officials will confiscate them for being a terrorist item."

I laugh. "A terrorist item?"

"Look at their eyes." He shudders. "And those enormous heads. They can't possibly eat very well with those tiny beaks, so how did their heads become and remain so grotesquely large?"

I hold my legs out straight and wiggle my feet back and forth and side to side. "These are official Tweetie Bird slippers and they keep my feet very warm."

"I will keep your feet warm. Forget the twitter birds and let me be the one to keep you warm at night." He holds out his hands again. "Come on. Let's go to Italy."

I stare up at him with my scolding eyes. "Don't be ridiculous. I'm not going anywhere. I'm unemployed and destitute. I couldn't even buy a pizza in Italy."

"Nonsense. You work with me."

The idea makes me get all antsy and then just as quickly I realize what a terrible idea that would be. "I don't work with you."

"I've just hired you. Now you do. Welcome to Stratford Investments."

I shake my head. He's hopeless. "No. It won't work. I thought it could but I was wrong."

William walks in reverse until his legs hit the couch. Then he falls back and lands on the cushions, twisting himself around until his full length is horizontal. He gestures towards the ceiling as he talks. "Why is she fighting me on this? Why will she not listen? Can she not see reason?"

"Who are you talking to?" I'm amused by his frustration. I kind of feel like he deserves this so I'm not ready to end his torture just yet. Besides, it's not like I'm not being completely rational and adult about this. He just needs time to accept the facts.

We can't unring this bell. We came together as two people who wanted zero commitment from the other. We both acknowledged we wanted no strings, no second dates. Nothing solid can be built on a foundation that shaky.

"I'm speaking to my mother. My darling yet deceased mother who I'm certain is watching over me. However, at this point I'm concerned that she may be playing cards instead of doing her angelic duty." He pauses and then waves his hands again. "Mother? Can you hear me? Hello?"

"When did she die?"

He sighs and lets his arms drop. "Ten years ago, give or take."

"You were close."

"Very. Edward was as well. Not so much my father, but that's all well enough. We lived with her until we went to uni. Then it was under our father's wing we went. He taught us the business."

"Does Edward work at your office?"

"Work is a very loose term for what Edward does. Mostly he just shows up once a month to keep up appearances. Otherwise, I have no idea what he does with his time other than play handball and drink expensive wine."

"You don't get along?"

"Oh, we get along, like brothers do, I suppose."

William twists his head to look at me. "How did we get off subject?"

"What subject were we on again?"

"I was trying to convince you to run away with me to Italy."

"Is that what you were doing?"

"Yes. Was that not obvious?"

"It sounded more like you were trying to distract me."

He frowns. "Perhaps I was. I sensed you were getting ready to cut me loose."

I sigh out a sad breath. "William, this can't work. I like you too much."

He sits up, a smile on his face. "But that's brilliant! I like you too much as well!"

"No, no, noo," I laugh, "it's because we like each other that it won't work."

He looks at me sideways. "Is this one of your charming American jokes that I'm missing the punch line on?"

"No. It's me being me."

"It's you being a girl afraid, is what that is." He points at me, his arm flopping out to the side. "You're afraid to be with me, aren't you?"

"Afraid? No, I wouldn't say afraid. More like ... once bitten, twice shy." I give him a sad smile. Hank ruined everything for me. Even this.

"I've always loved that expression." He pauses, frowns, and then stares at the ceiling. "I hate it now, though. Terrible expression." He looks at me. "Definitely doesn't give hope any credit, does it?"

"Hope?"

"Yes, hope. We know this could go pear-shaped, certainly, but we can hope that it won't. We can hope that it will turn out exactly right."

"Hope isn't enough for me."

He sits up on the couch. "Whyever not? Most of the time hope is all we ever have."

"I guess I'm fresh out, William." I stand, too tired to debate with him anymore. I'm sad but resolved. He's a wonderful man and we have amazing sex together, but this relationship is doomed. I shouldn't have started it out with meaningless sex. That was my big mistake that I will never repeat ever again as long as I live.

"Where are you doing?" he asks, standing up too.

"I'm going to bed. And you're going to your apartment or wherever it is that you live."

"You could come with me," he says, holding out a hand. He looks very sad. I almost want to say something else to erase that bleakness from his eyes, but I don't. That wouldn't be fair to either of us.

I back away towards the door and undo the chain lock. "No, thank you. I appreciate everything you've said, but I just can't. I need to move on. We both do."

He follows me to the door and pauses in the entrance as I open it up. "Are you sure I can't change your mind?"

"Nope. It's made up."

"So it was only ever going to be just one night, is that it?"

"Yes. Just one night. That was the deal."

He places his fingertips on my cheek and leans in to give me the softest kiss on my lips. A wave of his cologne washes over me and makes me yearn for another time, another day, when I didn't know everything there was to know about him and could just pretend that everything was fine.

"Very well then. Perhaps I'll see you again some day."

I smile as best I can until he's over the threshold and the door is shut. It's only when I'm sure that he's gone that I collapse into lonely pile of sobbing and tears. Even my Tweetie Bird slippers look depressed as they stare at the floor.

CHAPTER EIGHT

William

I HAVE NEVER CRIED A day in my adult life, not even since I was five years old and Edward bit my finger harder than a brother ever should. But this night on my way home, I am not too much a man to admit that I shed a tear or two. They were the bitter variety to be sure.

I have been robbed of my destiny, I am sure of it, and the clincher is that I don't even know who is to blame for it. Is it me? Is it her? Is it our pasts that won't let us go? Is it Ingrid? Is it my father?

It doesn't matter. What matters is, she's gone. I don't know her that well, but I could see in her eyes that she meant what she said. I punch my steering wheel, causing it to bark out a loud honking sound in protest.

How can a woman tell a man in one breath that she likes him too much and then tell him in the next that she can never be with him again, that it will never work? By that reasoning, the only relationship that could work is one in which the people don't like one another! Or they must only like one another the proper amount; not too much and not too little.

Whoever said that women are from Venus didn't know what he was talking about. Women aren't even from the Milky Way. They're from another galaxy we don't even yet know of. They've been sent here to drive men mad with nonsense reasoning and deductive dead ends. Case in point, according to The Jennifer Relationship Corollary: Relationships require mutual admiration. We enjoy a mutual admiration. Therefore, our relationship will never work.

Madness! Utter and complete madness.

I pull into my parking space with a very satisfying scree of tire rubber and the acrid smell of smoke. I'll show that macadam who's boss. Throwing my door open brings it right back at me, trapping my foot in the jamb. I shout with frustrated fury. "Unhand me, Aston Martin, or I shall send you to the heap!"

A chuckle behind my vehicle gives me pause. I stare into my rearview mirror and see the hulking figure of my younger brother there.

Wrong time, wrong place, little man.

My eyes narrow as I take in my prey.

"Perfect," I growl. "Just the man I wanted to see." I leap out of the car and make a run for him.

His eyes widen and he takes off sprinting. He glances over his shoulder as I gain on him, lifting his knees higher and pumping his arms harder with every stride.

"What'd I do?!" he yells, turning a corner and rounding the bend in the garage.

He's actually done nothing, but it's no matter to me. I'm frustrated, he's taken the piss too many times, and I need to do something to work off my anger. Pounding him into the pavement seems as good an idea as any other.

My Italian leather shoes were not made for anything more than casual sauntering. I'm losing ground as my lungs begin to burn. "Get back here, you wanker! Take your punishment like a man!" I slow to a jog and then stop, bending over to get my wind back. Some of my aggravation has dissipated in the wake of my need for oxygen.

Edward stops twenty meters away, jogging in place. He doesn't even appear to be out of breath. "What's got into you, man? You looking for a little argy bargy or what?"

"Come on over here and find out," I say, waving him with a weakened arm. I never realized how heavy my limbs were before now.

"Your lady toss you out on your ear?"

"She's not my lady!" I roar, coming for him again.

Edward runs a wide circle, leaping over a low wall to head up the ramp again. He's almost returned to my car.

"D'you drop a clanger?" he says with way too much glee in his tone. "Piss her off? Get her seeing red?" Edward is at my car now, running around to the far side of it.

I quickly reach the near side. "I'm going to teach you a lesson once and for all."

"You're going to teach me a lesson?" he says, laughing. "That's a good one. How about I teach you a lesson?"

"How's that?" I maneuver over to the left, but he doesn't fall for it, shadowing me in the opposite direction.

Edward explains. "Show you to respect your youngers."

"Come on, then, big girl blouse. Bring your best stuff." I wave him on. "Unless you're a girl today. If you're feeling a little girly, I can give you a pass." I know my brother well enough to know that this is all it will take to bring him to me. I really need to work off this anger and there's nothing like a punch up with my little brother to get me there.

"Girly? Who're you calling girly?"

"The femme over there with the long hair, that's who."

Edward runs around the car at me and I let him come. He hits me like a lorry and I take the full force of it in my chest. I had thought I could withstand the force of it, but I was wrong. Really wrong. Apparently, my bother not only plays handball in all his free time, he also lifts weights at the gym.

"Oooph!" All the air leaves my lungs as I land on my back.

Edward squirms around until he's sitting on me. "Girly, eh? That feel like a girl to you?"

I try to buck him off, but he's not going anywhere. He gives me a left hook, right in the cheekbone. That one's going to leave a mark, I can feel it already.

"Fuck off, girly boy!" I yell, hitting anything that doesn't move out of my way. "You hit like an old woman!"

He swings again, but I grab his fist and knock him off balance.

Seizing the moment, I roll over, trapping him partially under me. The smell of sweat and motor oil is almost overwhelming, but not quite. I push his face into the ground. "Get a load of that, girly girly."

His voice comes out muffled with his mouth being pressed into the garage floor. "I'll f**king kill you, ya bloody todger!"

When he breaks free, I receive yet another punch to the other cheek before a voice bleeds in over the sound of our heavy breathing.

"Hey! What's going on?! Who's that fighting over there?!"

We both freeze as the voice coming from another level above reaches our ears. A flashlight is bouncing around in a darker area of the garage.

"Coppers! Run!" Edward rolls away and jumps to his feet. I try to do the same, but my ankle is twisted.

Edward gets a couple meters away but turns around when he realizes I'm not with him. "Aw, you f**king lady, come on, would ya?"

"Go! Go without me." I wave him off.

He runs back and shoves his shoulder in my armpit and takes off running, the two of us doing well for a three-legged man's race.

"Come back here!" yells the voice. I recognize it now as the night watchmen for the condominium.

I'm laughing as we gain access to the outside. The door flies open with the force of my brother's shove and we spill out into the night. Freedom never tasted so good.

"Come on, my car's over here," he says. He angles us towards the guest parking spaces.

"What are you doing here, anyway?" I ask as I detach myself from his arm and limp over to the passenger side of his car.

"Came to see if you were in the mood for a bit o' cards."

"Cards?" I stare at him over the hood of his car. "We haven't played cards in years."

"Yeah, well, Mum said you needed a few good hands to get your head straight, so who am I to argue?"

My heart stops beating fast and slows down. Way, way down. "What'd you say?"

"You heard me. Get in the car."

I have no response for that, so I get inside. Edward drives away and neither of us says anything for a long while.

CHAPTER NINE

Jennifer

TUESDAY MORNING DAWNS DARK AND rainy. It's the perfect weather for my mood. If I had a job to go to, I'd call in sick, but since I don't, I just sit on my couch and stare at the television. It's on but I have no idea what's happening or even what show it is. All I can think about is William.

He said all the right things last night. Every single thing rang true, too. There were no lies, I know there weren't. So why did I feel like I had to say no? That I had to cut it off and let it die?

Looking down at my phone next to me, I can see that he hasn't called, he hasn't texted. He took me at my word and walked away. I can hardly blame him. Even as a confident guy, it would take more balls and chutzpa to bounce back and try again than any person has a right to have. No, I was clear. I told him to go away and never come back, so I only have myself to blame for my broken heart this morning.

My phone buzzes and Mia's name comes onto the screen. I pick it up, since ignoring her will only bring her to my doorstep and I'm definitely not in the mood for company.

"Hey!" she says brightly. "How'd things go last night?"

I will not cry. I will not cry. "Okay, I guess."

"Did you make up?" She's not quite as peppy as she first sounded. "Have some hot and dirty make up sex?"

"No, not exactly. But things are fine."

"Things are not fine. I can totally tell! Why do you try and lie to me all the time? You know you can't hide things from me."

"I lie because I'm not in the mood to discuss it." I let out a long sigh.

"Okay, how about this... How about we don't discuss it, but you come out and hang with me today?"

I frown. "At work?"

"Yes! It'll be totally fun. You can come with me while I do an inspection of an estate's collection, you can sit with me at my desk while I make some calls, and then you can come and do a wine tasting with me at a cellar. It'll be like take-your-BFF-to-work day."

"I don't know. I'm not even dressed."

"I can be there in an hour. You don't need more than an hour."

"Will Malcolm be okay with it?"

"Malcolm is okay with anything I do, so long as I bring in the clients. And I do bring in the clients, so yeah. He'll be fine with it."

I look at the television. Somehow I've ended up on a Jerry Springer re-run where fat men are wearing women's clothes and beating each other up. "Okay. I can come." It's either I tag along with Mia or destroy all of my remaining brain cells, and I'm pretty sure I'm going to need those when I start job-hunting tomorrow.

"Okay. I'll be there by ten. Wear something business-nice but kind of sexy too."

I pause in the process of getting up off the couch. "I'm seriously, seriously not in the mood to flirt with anyone today. I hope that's not going to be necessary."

"Nope, not at all. I just like looking at your hooters."

"Shut up."

"Be ready!" she yells before I can hang up on her.

CHAPTER TEN

William

I'M HOLDING A HAND OF poker but not really paying much attention to the bets I'm putting out on the table. It's just Edward and me in the back room of a restaurant, with a half-eaten, very cold pizza off to the side and beers at our elbows. The dawn of another day is not far off.

"Mum talk to you often?" I ask, taking a swig of my beer.

"Depends on what's going on. Sometimes more, sometimes less." He puts ten quid on the table between us. "Call."

I put my cards down on the table. "Two of a kind."

Edward smiles. "Three of a kind. You lose again."

I eye him with suspicion. "And she really told you to play cards with me?"

"She certainly did."

I look at what used to be my pile of money at his left hand and lift a brow. "Are you certain it was her giving the instructions and not the devil within?"

"Hush now, you're speaking ill of the dead." Edward rolls his eyes to the ceiling. "Sorry, Mum. I'm doing my best, but as you can see, he's a hard case."

I kick him under the table, and Edward doesn't miss a beat. "You saw that, right? He just kicked me."

"You worry me, Eddie, you really do." I take the cards and shuffle them up. I haven't called him Eddie since we were kids. It just kind of slipped out. He gives no sign that he noticed.

"It's you who worries me. What happened to you tonight? Why all the anger?" He points at my face. "You're going to have to buy some lady's makeup to cover that mess."

I deal the cards, five to me, five to him. "Just got my arse kicked is all, by a very pretty lady who I don't deserve."

"That piece from the party? The wine party?"

"She's not a piece, okay? She's the real thing." I glance up at him and then at my cards. I will punch him directly in the face if he says anything derogatory about Jennifer. I think he knows that though, because he nods.

"So what ... she doesn't like you?"

"She likes me well enough. She just doesn't see a future with me is all."

"She mad?"

I laugh. "Maybe a bit."

"Then she's perfect for you. Marry her."

I close my hand up, pushing the cards together, and stare at him. "Now who's mad?"

He shrugs. "Gotta happen sometime. If you like her, and she's The One, why not?"

I shake my head. "What's got into you? You reading romance novels or something?"

"Maybe. Or maybe I'm seeing something changing in you that you can't see. Just trying to help a brother out."

"I haven't changed." I put down my first bet, happy to see I'm starting off right with already a pair of queens resting side by side.

"You have. Gone all soft. Must be that girl who did it."

"I don't know. She told me to get lost."

"What'd you do? You must have done something to get her goat like that."

"It's that thing with Ingrid. I didn't tell her the whole story."

"That can't be it. Girls like it when you go all honorable on 'em. You were just trying to protect the family honor. There's no harm in that."

"No, you're right, but I wasn't completely honest. And besides, there's more to it than that. You know women."

"What's more to it?" He puts down two tenners. "I raise ya. See what you can do with that, ya plonker." He gives me a cocky grin.

I'm looking forward to showing him my hand as I pull up another queen. But I play it cool, letting him think he has me by the goolies. It's five in the morning after way too many hands of poker to remember, and I'm ready to call it a night, but not before I win some of my money back.

"We met through one of those adverts."

"A lonely hearts advert?" Edwards is laughing. "You? Oh, that's rich, that is."

"My secretary gave it to me. I needed a date for the charity ball that you got out of going to, you dick."

Edward is still chuckling. "So? You found your lonely heart. And it went well, or so it seemed."

"It did. Too well. It was only supposed to be for one night."

"How many nights was it?"

"Two. Two and a half."

"So? I still don't see the problem."

"Neither do I. The problem is that we - you and I - are not women."

"You've lost me." He frowns, taking his next card off the table where I've left it for him.

"Women. You know, how they twist things around all sixes and sevens so they don't make sense anymore, and then we're left trying to figure it out."

"Oh, yes," he nods sagely. "The famous sixes and sevens trick. I know it well."

"The whole thing's a shambles. I've been sent packing, and I've given up."

"You? Given up? I never thought I'd hear those two things said together in the same conversation."

I put another ten quid on the pile. My billfold is now officially empty. "What else am I to do? I can't very well force her."

"No ..." Edward pauses to put twenty quid on the stack. "... But you could keep trying, couldn't you?"

I pull my emergency twenty quid note from a side pocket of my billfold. "I call you there. And I don't see how I can keep trying. I've done and said everything I can think of."

"Well, maybe something will come up," he says, smiling.

"Doubtful. Eat my dust, brother. I have a full house." I lay my cards out, relishing the look of all those similar cards next to each other. Queen and fours. Today is finally a good day.

He puts his cards down and smiles even broader. "And I have a royal flush, using the one queen you didn't have." He looks up at the ceiling and winks. "Thanks, Mum. I believe he's learnt his lesson."

I want to hate him, but I can't. When the chips are down, I have always been able to count on my little brother, that's a fact. I finish my beer and slide out of the booth. "Come on, then. Off to bed. I have a big day ahead of me. Maybe I can catch a few winks before I have to play the game."

"And me as well," Edward says, collecting his pile of my former money and throwing his arm over my shoulders.

We walk out of the bar, only weaving a little in the weak morning light. Rain falls softly, making everything appear a little hazy and a lot gray. It's the perfect match for my life right now. Dim. Dreary. Not worth getting up for.

"What are you about today?" I ask, for the first time in my life interested in hearing Edward's answer.

"Oh, a bit o' this, a bit o' that."

"Right." I nod as I think about the day I have ahead of me. I wish I was heading to Italy for a romantic whirlwind tour full of debauchery, food, and wine, - a bit o' this and a bit o' that - but instead I'll be buried in financial statements and client meetings until I'm sixty.

That kind of schedule used to get me up in the morning. Now all it makes me want to do is sleep.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Jennifer

I WEAR THE OUTFIT THAT I had on when I met William the first time. Apparently, I'm a glutton for punishment. I don't have enough memories of him swimming through my mind that I also need to remember what he said about how he felt when he first saw me wearing this. Was it the clothes that caught his attention or something else, some cosmic magnetic attraction that would have been there even if I'd been wearing my Tweetie Bird slippers? There's no way that I'll ever know now.

When Mia pulls up in her little Mini Cooper, she lets out a low whistle. "Hey, hot stuff. Going my way?" She winks really obviously.

I roll my eyes and shake my head. "So lame."

"Get in. We're going to be late."

I lower myself into the passenger side and buckle up. She takes off like a bat out of hell, making me wish we were in a bigger car. If we wreck, we're both going to be toast in this stupid go-cart. It feels like my butt's about to scrape the ground.

"Where are we going, exactly?" I ask.

"To some estate. They have a ton of wine to sell. They want to get rid of some old bottles and replace them with newer ones."

"Why would someone do that?"

She leans in and talks in a low voice. "To be honest, it's because sometimes that old stuff tastes like crap."

"Seriously?" I laugh at that. Sometimes I can't tell when Mia's kidding.

"Seriously." She shakes her head as she changes gears. "There's a big market for the old, old stuff over in China of all places. All kinds of new money over there. And sometimes it's just the label that gets people all crazy. It's not like most of them are even going to ever open the bottle. And supposedly, the labels on this collection are in great shape. We can get premium dollar for them if it's true."

"Crazy." I shake my head as I stare out the window. People with money are so confusing to me. I'd never spend my money on stupid stuff like that, no matter how much of it I had.

"Crazy, maybe. Maybe not. Anyway, it's my world now, so I can hardly knock it now can I?"

"Whose estate is this?"

"Goodman."

"Have I heard of them before? Are they any relation to the Goodmans who are my clients?"

"They're somewhat new clients. Maybe they're related, I don't know. You saw her at the soiree the other night with Malcolm. Until today, I had no idea that they even had this collection. The wife, a recent widow, has bought a few things from us before, but has never indicated that she wanted to sell. Then out of the blue this morning she calls me and she's all fired up, wanting someone to come over right away to look at her collection and appraise it."

"Maybe she's just using you to do her insurance appraisal."

"I'm not qualified for that. And besides, so what? I can sell almost anyone on the idea of auctioning their wine. People get tired of holding onto the same old thing, knowing they can never actually enjoy it."

"So you tell one group they should sell and get new, and tell another group they should buy and hold on to it?"

"No, not exactly. I see what kind of client they are, buyer or seller, and get a feel for what they want to accomplish. Some are investors, pure and simple. Some are in it for the romance of wine. Some just plain old need the money and it doesn't matter where they fall in the mix."

"How did you learn all this?" I stare at the side of Mia's pixie-like face. She's a mystery to me, even after all these years of being her best friend.

"I keep my eyes and ears open and I study. A lot."

I go back to staring out the windshield. "Well, I'm impressed."

She pats me on the leg. "Thank you, sweetie." She pulls off the highway and starts winding through roads that I know will take us to some very expensive homes.

"We almost there?" I ask. My stomach growls and I realize it's close to lunchtime. Not quite close enough, though. I hope this place isn't too quiet or everyone will hear the monster living in my belly.

"Yep. Ten minutes."

When we arrive at our destination, we have to convince a guard at a private gate that we have every right to be here. He takes Mia's driver license and calls someone before opening the large wrought-iron barrier. The letter G is in script on both sides, and it parts in the middle slowly so we can drive through.

"Fancy schmancy," I say, taking in the elaborate landscaping on both sides of the long drive.

"Yep. Make sure you wipe your feet at the door."

I grin as I take in the sun that's starting to come out from behind the clouds. "Maybe today won't suck too much after all." I sigh, hoping beyond hope I'll end up right about that.

Mia laughs. "I promise. Today will not suck. Not by a long shot."

CHAPTER TWELVE

William

I'M AT MY DESK, BURIED in paper, when Ms. Meechum puts her head around my door.

"You aren't answering my messages, silly."

I don't even look up to respond. "Imagine that. What might that mean, do you think?"

"Well, it could mean that your volume is down too low to hear it beep."

"What else?" I turn the page and use my highlighter to circle something I want to look at later.

"Well ... I guess it could mean that your computer is broken."

"There's another choice ..."

"Are you ignoring me on purpose?"

I close my eyes for a full five seconds before looking up. "And it only took you three tries."

She rolls her eyes. I fear that someone has walked behind her and slapped her on the back at precisely the wrong moment, leaving them stuck that way forever, but then she rolls them back in place and stares at me. "You are so crazy sometimes." She huffs some air out and then comes in farther. "Your brother has been trying to reach you. He says it's urgent."

I shake my head and go back to work. "Nothing with Edward is ever truly urgent."

"He says it's about an investor who is waiting to see you. Today. And she's leaving the country so it can't be another day."

I frown at her. She has my attention now and she knows it. "What investor?"

"Someone new. Someone Edward has been working on." She puts her hands together and squeals like a small pig. "Isn't that exciting? He has a client for you."

"Call him and tell him I'm busy."

"No. I can't."

My pen drops from my hand. "Can't or won't?"

Her eyes bug out and her speech comes out in in a tumble of words. "No, Mr. Stratford, it's not that I won't. I'd do just about anything you told me to do," her face turns pink, "as you know, since I already did that thing that you asked me to do, but ..."

I hold up my hand to stop the freight train that is her mouth. Were someone to walk by and hear her, I cannot imagine what they would think. Actually, I can. That's what makes me want to scotch tape her mouth shut right now.

"Please. Ms. Meechum. Rachel. Come inside my office. Shut the door. And speak in a normal speed and tone so that human ears can hear what you are saying. I am not a Pekinese."

She frowns. "A Pekinese? Don't you mean Chinese?"

We stare at one another, mutually lost.

The phone rings at my desk and startles us both.

"Stratford. William here."

"I've been trying to get through your dratted secretary all morning. Where the hell are you?"

"Edward?"

"No, Prince Harry. Who the f**k do you think it is?"

"What do you want? I'm busy right now."

"Not too busy to land a new fish, I hope."

"Who is it?"

"I can't say. Not until you come."

"Come? Come where? I told you I'm busy."

Ms. Meechum slinks out of my office, the little weasel. I will deal with her later.

"I'll text you the address. Don't be late. If you don't show, she'll be in the wind and we'll lose her for six months. She lives in Europe half the year."

"I can meet her over there. I'm due in Scotland in two months' time."

"You're not going to Scotland, I'm going to Scotland. I have to go. Come to lunch or I'll tell father you let her go."

"What do you mean, you're going to Scotland? You're doing no such thing!"

"Talk to father about that. See you soon. Toodles!"

He's gone before I can bluster him to death. I stand before I can think things through too clearly and storm over to the door. Grabbing my coat off the hook, I let out a mighty roar.

"Ms. Meechum!"

The door flies open and catches me in the knee.

I bend down with spittle flying from my mouth. "Mother Mary, Queen of Scots ... Fecking, blather-toothed, eejit on a stick ..."

"Oh my god! I'm so sorry! I didn't realize you were standing in the way like that! Why would you do that?! Oh my god!" She's patting my back and my head. I have a headache from the pounding she's doing.

I use my elbow to dissuade her from coming any closer. "Just back away, Ms. Meechum, before you accidentally catch my achilles tendon on your purse strings."

"What? I'm not even carrying a purse right now."

"Back away!" I say a tich too loudly.

"Yes, sir. Geez. No need to bite my butt off."

I stand straight and lay my coat over my arm. "I shall be to lunch with Edward. If anyone calls, please take a message."

"Okay," she says, as if she's speaking to someone mentally challenged. "I'll do that. Just exactly what you said." She backs away, one slow footstep at a time.

I grit my teeth to keep from saying something I shouldn't. The rest of the office personnel look at me as I limp down the aisles towards the lift. They are smart enough to say nothing.

A glance at my phone tells me I have about thirty minutes to make it to lunch, based on the address sent by Edward. Perfect. That's just about enough time to get my head clear of the pain and the thoughts of Jennifer that have plagued me, even in sleep.

I begin to wonder what she's doing today, as I pull out of the parking garage, but then I stop myself. It doesn't matter what she's doing. She's done with me and I just have to live with that. It's onward and upward, or at least onward. Perhaps landing a new client will help ease the pain in my heart.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Jennifer

MIA AND I ARE LED into a dimly-lit room, lined with shelves of bottles. Mia browses the selection while I stand awkwardly in a far corner. I know nothing about wine, and this place is made for experts. There's a large oval table of heavy oak in the middle of the room with large puffy leather seats all around it. Mia says it's a tasting room, kept at precise temperatures and humidity to make sure the wine and the corks stay fresh. I call it a cave. A very expensive looking cave.

Gloria Goodman was here with us for a few seconds but then was called away by some other guests arriving. I decide to leave the question of whether she knows my clients for another day when she seems preoccupied.

I can hear their laughter and voices out in the hallway, and my spine stiffens when British accents make their way to my ears. What are the chances ...?

"Oy, who's this, then?" says a loud, jovial voice. Edward Stratford walks into the room and heads right for Mia. "Didn't know you were going to be here, love."

Mia holds out her hands so he can take them, leaning in for a kiss on the cheek once they've connected. "Hello, Edward. So nice to see you again. And I see you brought a friend."

"Not a friend. Just a brother. You remember William, I suspect."

"You suspect correctly." Mia holds out her hand. "William, it's nice to see you again."

I'm dumbstruck. There he is. The man from my dreams, wearing a light brown suit, his hair perfectly combed and his tie knotted up tight to the very top of his collar. He looks so crisp and perfect I expect to hear crackling when he walks.

"You know each other," says Gloria. "Oh, that's right, you were all at Malcolm's soiree last week. How wonderful!"

Everyone in the room turns to look at me at the same time. I should probably walk over and greet them, but my feet are stuck to the floor. I can't move.

Edward is near me in five strides. "And you are Jennifer, if I remember correctly."

He holds out a hand and that's enough to prompt my body to react. I take his hand in mine and shake it. He's got strong, thick fingers, slightly callused, so very different from William's long and tapered ones, strong also but soft against my skin.

"Nice to see you again." My voice is scratchy, not ready to work right yet. Maybe never again.

"Likewise, I'm sure." He gestures to the side as he turns. "And you remember my brother, William, of course."

William walks over I swear in slow motion. He's looking me in the eye the entire way, never batting an eyelash. His face is chiseled in stone, he's neither angry nor happy. He's all business, acting as if we hardly know each other. My heart hurts as I realize this.

My hand goes up like I'm a robot. "Nice to see you again, William." I'm speaking in a monotone but not on purpose. I feel dead inside, like my words last night killed something that used to be very much alive.

The room is hushed silence as we wait to hear his response.

"It is entirely my pleasure," he says, taking my hand in two of his. He leans down as he brings our hands up and kisses the back of mine. "What brings you here to the Goodman family estate?"

My smile quivers with nervous energy. I hope he doesn't think this was some sort of ambush orchestrated by me. Talk about desperate. "I'm just tagging along with Mia. I don't know anything about wine."

"Me neither," he says, still holding my hand. "You must stay by my side so we can learn together."

He finally lets my hand go, but then steps to my side and puts his hand at the small of my back. "Shall we sit?"

"Yes, yes, everyone sit," Gloria says, waving her arms at the table. "I'm going to have Carlos bring some things out for Mia to take a look at, and the rest of us can have a little to eat while we sample some new things I just purchased."

A man comes in and brings a rolling cart with him. On the bottom shelf are several bottles of wine and on the top are several trays of finger foods and small plates. Napkins appear from somewhere and soon we're all seated around the table with food, drink, and heavy silverware. Large goblets wait for wine to be poured.

Edward busies himself with Mia and Gloria, leaving William and me to ourselves at the far end of the table.

I'm too nervous to eat, even though everything looks delicious.

"I've been thinking about you all night and day," William says softly so only I will hear.

My smile is real if not a bit weak. "Me too."

"I know it sounds crazy, but I miss you."

"How can you miss me when we were never really together?" I take a sip of the wine from the large round glass and find that I like it very much. A second sip goes down very easily.

"I feel like we are together, though." He sips his wine too. "I'm obviously looney, but there it is."

"Did you plan this?" I gesture with my fork. "This whole wine thing?"

"Me? No. You credit me with way more guile than I possess, I'm afraid. But I'm not sorry it worked out this way. A happy coincidence."

"I think Mia and Edward did." I look at the two of them. They're way too busy with Gloria to pay us any attention.

"Perhaps. You never can tell with Edward."

"Mia either. She's sneaky. In a good way, usually." I take another sip of wine. I'm starting to feel it and it's making it easier to relax.

"The same with Edward. I've given up trying to correct his behavior. He is who he is, for better or for worse." William takes a big gulp of wine and then a second one.

I manage to eat a few things from my plate, even though my stomach is doing flips along with my heart. I can't believe I'm sitting next to him again, feeling the heat from his body, smelling his cologne. I can't stop staring at his hands as they move around his plate and glass. They were on my body, touching me everywhere. Magic hands. I want them on me again.

"You're wearing my favorite outfit," he says, looking at me, yanking my attention away from his body parts.

I can't face him. My face is red, I know it is. "It wasn't on purpose. I didn't know you were going to be here."

"Did you think of me when you put it on?"

I have to put my fork down to keep him from seeing that I'm nervous. My hands are trembling. "Yes." There's no sense in lying about it. "I did." I put my hands in my lap and twist my napkin around my fingers.

He puts his fork down and his napkin at the side of his plate. "Would you care to take a walk with me?"

"Outside? It's kind of wet out there, isn't it?"

"I noticed that Gloria has a beautiful rose garden with paths. I believe it will be dry enough for you. I've a brolly if need be."

"A brolly? What's that, a coat?"

"No, sorry, it's an umbrella."

I push my chair out and put my napkin on the table, anxious to get out of this small space and out in the fresh air. Being this close to William is overwhelming my senses. "Okay, let's go."

"You leaving?" Edward asks, as we walk towards the door together.

"Just taking a stroll in the garden," William says. "Be back in a jiff."

The three continue talking and discussing wine bottles as we leave the cellar for the main part of the house. At the bottom of the front steps outside we take a left, following a gravel path that thankfully transitions to a more solid surface not far down.

William holds out his elbow and I take it. The crunch of small stones and sand under our feet is a nice mix with the sound of chirping birds and wind in the nearby trees.

"What did you do last night after I left?" he asks. "Anything interesting?"

I could lie, make up a story, but I decide to stop with all that. Honesty would have served us well if we had started with it from the beginning. "I cried. Pretty much all night." We reach the first of the roses. Several bushes full of fluffy pink flowers line both sides of the path.

He puts his hand on mine at the inside of his elbow. "I'm very sorry to hear that. I would have liked to spare you that pain."

"I know." I rest my head on his arm for a second or two before straightening. "It was my own fault. I was being ... stupid."

"Oh, I don't know. We always do the best we can at the time with the information we have. You can't be too hard on yourself."

"It's just that ... I've been hurt before."

"Haven't we all."

We reach some darker flowers now, purples and deep reds. I pause to smell a few of them, finding their aromas heady and strong. The petals are a soft velvet. William waits for me and only moves on when he senses I'm ready. He offers his elbow again.

When he says nothing I feel the need to confess. To explain why I reacted the way I did to what went on between us. "I dated the same man for eight years and then he cheated on me."

"Ouch."

"Yes. And they did it in my bed. I walked in on them."

"Heartless." William looks down at me. "Who is the bastard? I might want to kill him for you."

I laugh. The idea that he'd even just say it is wonderful. "His name is Hank and he was my broker."

"Is that why you were looking for a new home for your license?"

"Well, kind of. I moved to another place a couple months ago, but then he came in and took that office over too, so I was back to square one with him. And his new girlfriend is his assistant."

"That's positively terrible. Disgusting. I don't blame you one bit for leaving. I'd've done the same."

"Thank you. Yeah, it wasn't pretty. So I just ... you know. Had to start over. New apartment, new broker, new everything."

"Ahhh ... And so that's why you placed the advert."

"Basically, yes. I needed to just have one good time to kind of help me forget the bad."

"I hope if nothing else, we've accomplished that." William stops and faces me. I look up at him as he pushes some hair gently away from my face. "I sincerely do. I want nothing but the best for you."

Tears well up in my eyes. "You did. You made things better. It's me who made them go bad, not you."

He frowns sadly. "It's not bad, though, right? We had fun. Things were good between us."

I nod, reaching up to wipe the tears away before they can fall. "Yes. Always good. It's just my garbage that got in the middle of it."

He stares into my eyes for the longest time. And then he speaks with that English accent and says something I don't expect.

"On all her breezes borne,

Earth yields no scents like those;

But he that dares not grasp the thorn

Should never crave the rose."

My heart spasms painfully in my chest. "Did you write that?" I've never had someone recite poetry to me, and now I wish I had, all my life. My knees have gone weak. I'm glad I'm hanging on to William's forearms. I'm not sure when I took them in my hands.

"No. Anne Bronte did. But I think it applies here perfectly. To you and me."

"How so?" I bite my lip as I wait for his answer.

He looks as though he's searching my face, looking for clues of something I'm hiding. But I'm not hiding anything. My heart is right there on my sleeve and it's bleeding from past injuries.

"I take it to mean that if I want something as lovely as you in my life, I must be willing to pay the price, regardless of how steep or painful it might be. I do not have the right to crave what I am not willing to work for."

"Sounds very dire," I say, trying to lighten the mood.

"Sounds like real life to me. It's never easy, is it?"

I shake my head. I can't say the words and not cry.

"Listen, I know I haven't the right, but I'd like to ask you for a favor."

He looks so vulnerable right now, I can't deny him. "Okay, shoot."

"You've already turned me down, and rightly so. But I can't help but think that if we'd started this thing properly, in the beginning, that things could have worked out differently between us."

"It's possible." It ignores the fact that both of us came to one another looking for no attachments. But it's a nice fantasy, even if it's not based in reality.

"Would you permit me to ask you out for a proper date? A dinner together, some conversation, and then nothing else."

"No sex, you mean."

"Precisely. We would act as though we don't know one another and then we could try this from the top. From the beginning. And if we get along as two normal people, perhaps we could take it further."

"Further?"

"Well, you know. As far as feels natural."

I look at the roses and their thorns. There's so much beauty there, but to touch it, to get close enough, you risk getting hurt, drawing blood. This garden reminds me of my love life. I can stand really far away and just look at the pretty things from a distance and never risk anything, yearn to feel and smell and touch. But if I want to enjoy the blooms of love and their scents and fine forms, I need to be close enough to put my hands on them, and that could end up being a very painful process.

"I want to, but I'm just afraid. I like you and if this goes south ..." I shake my head, just picturing the pain I'd be in. The sadness. It would be way worse than it has been with Hank, I know that without a doubt. William is special. There is no one like him in the world.

He slides his arms back and takes my hands in his. "We'll take it slow. We'll do it the right way."

"But we've already had sex." I smile. "Like really hot sex."

He smiles along with me. "That we have. And I'm not saying I don't want to have loads more of it. Just that I want to show you that I have all good intentions where you're concerned."

"I'm going to be really busy for the next few weeks. I have to find a job."

"I can wait."

I chew my lip, afraid to make a decision. I know this is monumental. Saying no would be so much easier, but it feels ... wrong. I think of the roses and how beautiful they smell and how soft the petals are. Yes there are thorns, but to never smell the rose would be such a crime...

"Fine. I'm in."

He pulls me into a hug and then quickly lets me go. "Brilliant. Come on, then." He pulls me along by the hand back the direction we came from.

"Where are we going?" I ask, running along on tiptoes.

"Back to the cellar. I don't want to muck this up by pulling your skirt up in the garden."

I'm laughing and smiling. "What are you talking about?"

"You know what that outfit does to me. I'm getting us on safer ground, with witnesses. I've promised to be a good man and I intend to see this through."

"You're not even going to kiss me?" I say, already regretting our plan.

"Not until we've had a proper first date."

We arrive at the top of the stairs as Mia and Edward are coming out with Gloria.

"Perfect timing," Mia says, taking me by the hand. "I need to get back to my office."

"I take it the meeting was fruitful?" William asks, his hands clasped together.

"It was very informative," Gloria says. "Please come again. You're welcome anytime." Gloria kisses Edward on both cheeks and shakes everyone else's hands.

"I'll call you," William says, touching me on the arm before leaving down the stairs with his brother. He glances at me one time just before getting into his car. His look sears me to the bone and gets me instantly hot and bothered.

"What was that all about?" Mia asks as she drives us towards the guarded gate.

I sigh as I stare out the window, enjoying the feel of the warm sun on my face. "Nothing. Just ... having a good day."

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

William

I FEEL LIKE A MILLION pounds sterling all the way from the Goodman estate to my office. That is, until I open the door and find my father sitting in my chair. He's been waiting for me for over an hour, according to Ms. Meechum. I found her hiding out in the kitchenette, too afraid to sit at her desk for fear that my father will yell at her. She mentioned that he was quite red in the face when he demanded to see me, and I can see now as I stare at him that she did not exaggerate.

"Where have you been?" he asks as I shut the door.

"To a client meeting with Edward. Why do you ask? Have I missed something?" I hang my coat on the hook by the door and advance into the room.

"I received something by courier this morning that requires an explanation."

I keep my face a mask of coolness while my insides turn round and round uncomfortably. "Oh really? What is it?"

My father takes a thumb drive from the desktop and puts it into the slot on my computer. "It's a video. Of your brother."

I watch as a video screen comes up on my monitor. The quality is not good, the image grainy, but there's no mistaking what I'm looking at. It's Edward in Ingrid's office searching through her desk.

I can literally feel the blood draining from my face. I take a seat opposite my father to keep from fainting. "This is all my fault."

Frank pulls the USB key out of the computer and turns the chair to face me. "Explain." His face is beet red and the angry lines around his eyes have gone deeper.

"It's a long story, the details sordid. I'd rather not."

He smiles, but there is no humor there. "I'm retired. I have all day. Or at least I used to."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Now he really has my attention. I sit up straighter and grip the arms of the chair.

He gestures towards the screen. "Well, I suppose it means that perhaps I'm needed around here more than I realized. If this is the kind of thing that's happening while I'm gone, I suppose it's not too crazy to think that my supervision is necessary."

My hackles go up along with my temper. It's all I can do to control my volume. "I am a grown man, no longer in need of supervision, thank you very much."

"Then explain to me why I'm getting this, and this, in the mail at my home!" He throws a folded note at me. It lands on the very edge of the desk, bouncing open and closed two times before settling.

I reach up slowly and take the note, opening it one fold at a time. The female script inside makes me cringe and the words make me see red.

Dearest Frank, I thought you'd like to see this. Perhaps you could speak with William about it? I'm sure he and I could come to an understanding that could make this go away. With kindest regards, Ingrid.

I let out a hiss of anger. This woman is pure evil. I never thought she'd go this far. "She's blackmailing me, Father. She has been for days."

"So what? I don't care. Make this go away. I'm not joking, William."

My voice goes louder. "I didn't tell him to do this, you know. He did this on his own."

Frank gets halfway out of the chair. "Edward is your brother! If he did this, he did it to help you, and don't try to deny it!"

I get out of my chair and meet him, stare for stare, tone for tone. "He did, I'll not deny that, but it doesn't mean I'm going to let someone run me over the rails for it! There has to be another way!"

I turn away from my father and begin pacing the room. "She's completely unethical. I could have her solicitor's license for this."

"You'll do no such thing. Just give her what she wants."

I freeze and turn to stare at him. "Surely you must be joking! She wants me to be her man!"

"So be her man! She's beautiful ... accomplished ... wealthy ... she's a potential investor!"

My jaw drops to the ground as I absorb what he's just said, his real meaning.

My father points at me and narrows his eyes. "Do it."

"I am not a prostitute!" I roar.

"You'll be whatever you have to be to make this company run smoothly, or your name will come off that door before you can say knife!"

I storm over to the door and grab my jacket off the hook.

"Where are you going?!" my father demands.

My whole body is trembling with rage and I have plenty of things to say, but only one word will come out.

"KNIFE!"

