CHAPTER ONE

EVERYONE STOOD AROUND BEN'S ROOM looking a little shell shocked. Then Tim spoke up.

"Did she just say she'd see you on the other side, or did my child warp my hearing stuffing polly balls in my ears?" He tilted his head to the right and smacked the left side of it a few times.

"Your child probably did stuff polly balls in your ears, but you still heard right," I said. "They want us to go into the Gray." I looked around at the others. "Right? That's what she meant?"

"I believe she meant more than that, actually," said Dardennes, shaking his head.

Celine was frowning and looking at me like a worried mother hen.

"Well, don't keep us in suspense. What's the plan?" I asked, looking from one silver elf to the other.

"I think before we discuss that, we first need to address the issue sitting on our doorstep." Dardennes went to the entrance of Ben's room and turned around, his hand resting on the door handle. "Those of you who feel you can be of service to the community right now by repelling this advance against us, please follow me. The rest of you, do what you can to assist us from inside the compound. I assume there will be some wounded at the very least. Please ready the medical teams." And with that, he stepped out into the hallway.

I took one look at Ben and strode over to the door. Tim flew up from the table and landed on my shoulder as I went. Jared and Niles were already on their way out of the room ahead of me.

"Onward, brave mule!" yelled Tim, sounding way too enthusiastic for a pixie about to meet some nasty Underworld creatures. "Let's go fry us some vampire butts!"

"I'm not even sure how much vampire butt I'm capable of frying with this thing," I mumbled, pulling Blackie out of its sheath and holding it in front of me. I looked back at Celine and Red. "Are you guys going out or staying in?"

"We will work from within," said Celine. "Be careful, Jayne."

"I'll do the best I can," I said, just before leaving the room and breaking into a jog down the hallway behind Dardennes. He sure could move fast for an old dude. I was soon short of breath.

Ben came up beside me a few moments later, a weapon strapped to his leg that looked suspiciously like mine, only it wasn't black; it was more amber-brown than anything. He had no problem keeping up and wasn't even breathing hard.

"Nice firepower," I said, glancing down at his leg and then ahead again, back to focusing on not tripping over the uneven ground. His feet made soft padding sounds on the stone, while mine made more of a slapping noise. No way would I ever be able to sneak up on anyone in a hurry. It was frustrating to think that Ben was better than me at this, too.

"Family heirloom," was all he said.

I frowned, knowing it was Garrett who'd killed the dragon that Ben's weapon had probably belonged to back when it was functioning as a fang. And there was no mistaking Ben's and Garrett's resemblance. One of these days when I wasn't busy bailing my ass out of trouble, I was going to have to ask Ben about that. Or maybe Garrett. Something told me I'd get straighter answers out of him.

Dardennes stopped at a door I hadn't seen before and motioned for Jared and Niles to continue on. "You two take the other main entrances. We'll start here."

Jared and Niles wasted no time, running off into the darkness of the long hallway. I was tempted to laugh at Niles, his tiny legs were moving so fast they were nearly a blur, but I couldn't quite work up the response knowing there was grave danger waiting for all of us on the other side of the doors. Niles might be small, but he was a brave little cuss.

Dardennes rested his hand on the wood and closed his eyes, breathing in deeply once and then exhaling.

I waited quietly wondering what the hell he was doing. Ben reached down and squeezed my hand once before letting it go, also remaining completely silent.

Dardennes opened his eyes after about ten seconds. "Okay. There are vampires, orcs, and at least one demon outside. The demon could be in any form, so don't let your guard down. And as you know from seeing Garrett, vampires also look like regular fae."

"What do you mean by 'any form'? Can the demon look like someone we know? Or be another kind of monster?" I asked.

"Anyone. Anything. Go with your gut. A demon shifter will always seem a little off to you. Whatever you do, don't ignore your inner compass." And with that he opened the door, immediately bringing the sounds of battle crashing into our ears.

CHAPTER TWO

TIM IMMEDIATELY BUZZED OFF TO go pixie the hell out of someone, I don't know who. I lost sight of him in seconds. I wasted no time wading into the fray myself, pulling The Green up into me just in case I might need it and holding my fang out in front as a deterrent to keep the monsters at bay. I didn't put a shield around me since it would have made it impossible for me to get at anyone. Blackie and I had work to do.

The threat of my weapon held out like a sword worked to keep the creatures back for the most part. The smart ones anyway. One not-very-bright orc came at me, ignoring my open threat, and soon realized his stupidity when he got too close. I used Blackie to slice a clean burn across his stomach and then sank it almost to the end into his shoulder. It went through him like butter, burning dragonfire the entire way.

His roars of pain were sickening to me, and the sound of his body being burned into ash was just plain disgusting. I expected to feel only satisfaction, but bringing pain to someone made me feel guilty, even if he was an evil beast. The smell of his death was like a noxious gas, irritating my nostrils and making me wish there were some polly balls up there.

I jerked the hand holding the weapon away from him as fast as I could, eager to put some distance between us. The beast's black acid-blood drained out of him, sizzling as it hit the ground. He fell to his knees first and then onto his face, no longer moving except for an occasional twitch.

I smiled without humor at my fairly easily-won victory, proud that I'd come in and whooped butt without even using my elements, but sick that I'd been forced into doing it. I wanted to kick his lifeless body and yell, "Why can't you just leave us alone!" But I didn't bother because I knew the answer would make no sense to me.

My victory was unfortunately short-lived. I didn't realize that there was someone behind me until it was too late. I was grabbed into a not totally unpleasant embrace, someone's face coming down by my ear.

My captor whispered, "Well, well, well, who do we have here?"

The sounds of battle faded a little for me as I considered who it was. I would have jabbed this force-hugger backhand-style with Blackie if I hadn't recognized his voice. My hand froze in mid-stab. I couldn't very well kill the guy who was not only on my side but was also pretty damn cute and had worked wonders on the dark spots that had cropped up on my soul not that long ago. I kind of owed him a non-stabbing at this point, even if he was pretty stupid for grabbing me in the middle of a battle.

"Let go, dumbass. I need to go kill that friggin demon over there." The one I gestured to wasn't hard to pinpoint as one of the bad guys, since he'd come out in his full leathery-skinned and horned regalia. He looked almost as nasty as Torrie had at my mom's house. I couldn't wait to send him back to the Underworld where he belonged. I looked around for Ben, knowing it was possible we'd have to work together to accomplish that goal. Those full-on demons were damn hard to kill, in my experience.

Spike didn't let go. "Let us just leave. They have everything in hand here. We are no longer needed."

I was going to argue back, but then I stopped myself. Why does Spike sound like Garrett? Dardennes' earlier warning rang like an alarm bell in my head. A shiver ran through me as I realized how close I could be standing to a possible imposter. A demon! And this particular demon's face was about an inch from mine, his body resting up against my back. Do they suck blood? Is he going to bite me? Am I going to die because I wasn't alert enough? How many times did my math teacher tell me I was going to regret not paying attention one day?

"Heh, heh ... who says you can never use what you learn in math class out in the real world?" I asked.

"Pardon me?"

"Never mind. I'm just ... losing it a little. So ... yeah, let's get the hell out of here," I said, standing straighter, assuming he'd let me go if I agreed to go with him. He obviously had to die, but I had to be cool about how I managed it.

He stood with me, but didn't release his grip.

Dammit. "Spike, if you want me to leave, you're going to have to ease up on the choke hold. You know I like to cuddle and everything, but this isn't really the best place for it. Let's go into the woods where no one will see us." I tried to sound convincing, and it took every ounce of willpower I had not to start waving my weapon around. I didn't want to leave the scene of battle, but if I didn't take a quick break to kill off this demon, I was going to be out for good; and then I'd be of no use to anyone. I slid Blackie into its sheath to show this possible demon I was totally going along with his bullshit. He was going to be so sorry when I unleashed on him. Pretending to be my friend. Dirtbag.

He loosened his hold on me, but didn't completely let go. He kept his arm around my shoulders and began leading me off, away from the action. "I've been thinking about you," he said, sounding so much like Spike it was freaking me out.

"Oh yeah? That's nice." Not! Not at all, you demon f**k. You're going to die with extra pain just because you decided to impersonate my friend.

"I was hoping you and I would get some private time together so I could tell you how I really feel. Women like that, don't they? To know the private thoughts of men?"

I tried not to cringe outwardly. This guy was seriously creepy but wearing Spike's skin. I wanted to punch him in the face. We were getting farther and farther away from the battle and my friends, and I was tensing up with thinking about leaving them behind. I was no use to them out here in the woods. If anyone lost his life behind me while I was messing around with this turd, I was going to kill him twice.

I turned my attention back to the demon and his question about women. "Sure. We like all that shit. Tell me your inner thoughts and secrets, dude. I'm a good listener." Lies, lies, and more lies. I'm totally going to stab you in, like, one minute or less. Possibly in the dick since you're insulting my right to be a chick right now.

We made our way through the trees, the sounds of the fight fading behind us. He loosened his grip some more and moved to hold my hand instead. I was glad to have him farther away from me, but disappointed that stabbing him was going to be harder now. His hand felt so much like Spike's when it slid into mine, it caused me a moment of hesitation. How can he possibly feel so much like my friend and not be my friend?

"I have thought about you every day since I first saw you in Miami."

I nearly choked on that one, tripping on purpose to cover my surprise. How can he possibly know about that? Is this really Spike? Maybe I'm wrong about him. I looked at him sideways, watching him walk along beside me. His hand felt like Spike's, warm and solid, and I was willing to bet there'd even be callouses on his fingertips from his guitar-playing. He looked exactly like him.

He looked up, giving me his most charming smile. Those teeth of his were so perfectly and exactly Spike, it made my heart trip over itself. I was reminded how they'd captured my attention from the very first moment I saw him.

"You are so beautiful and you do not even know it. That is one of your most special charms. I would wager that you have never heard this about yourself. Am I correct?"

Okay, for sure not Spike. But a damn good imposter and a seriously talented complimenter.

"You're right. No one's ever said that." I wanted what he said to be true, but since it was a demon laying it on so thick probably with the goal of eating my soul, I knew it wasn't.

"It is true," he assured me. "And I have longed to be with you as your lover since that day. There is something very special about you that draws me in and will not let me go."

"Yeah. I've heard that you're-special-speech a few times now."

"No, I am not speaking of you being special as the Mother of all fae. I know that is what they call you. But I mean in another way. Just as you. Jayne."

I was getting upset at what he was saying now, and I wasn't even sure why. Why is a demon telling me nice stuff about myself? Shouldn't he be trying to eat me right now?

"Spike, I don't understand. Why are you saying these things to me?"

He stopped walking and tugged on my hand to make me stop too, pulling me closer. I went willingly, mainly because it made him easier to kill, but also because he looked so much like Spike and now he was sounding like such a nice version of him, that he was hard to resist. What if I'm wrong? What if it's really him? Do I even want to be hearing these things from Spike? I was so confused it wasn't even funny. I knew in the back of my mind there was a big problem with demons trying to get into our compound, and my friends were back there battling them. But I had to deal with this more immediate problem first. If I let this demon get away from me, who knew what would happen to the real Spike. And if I let my guard down worrying about my friends, he might be able to work his nasty demon magic on me and then I'd be lost forever.

He spoke again, reaching up to tuck some flyaway hair behind my ear. "I have stood by while you pined after Chase, the one who will never have you. I have watched you be bound to Ben while knowing all the while you did not wish it. I have left you alone time and time again, even when I knew it was the wrong thing to do. I have bent to your will on each and every occasion. But not this time. This time, you will bend to mine." He slid his hand over to rest behind my neck and gently pulled me towards him.

My mouth came open, but no words would come. This fae before me knew way too much about my life not to be Spike. But his speech pattern was so old-fashioned there was no way he could be Spike. I was so messed up in the head I didn't have the presence of mind to stop him when he leaned in to kiss me.

CHAPTER THREE

I KNEW WITHIN SECONDS THAT this couldn't possibly be my incubus friend touching his lips to mine, trying to bring it to a deeper level. I'd kissed him before, and he had a signature style that normally melted every part of me. This was not it.

I pushed him away forcefully, pulling Blackie out as soon as my hands were free from his chest. I held it out in front of me, point first, bending my knees a little as I readied myself for a fight. I was going to end this jackass and then get my butt back to the business of saving my family.

He stood straight, looking at me curiously. "What are you doing, Jayne? You know that you want to kiss me. I can feel it in my heart. It comes from you as a thread of heat you cannot deny."

"I might want to kiss Spike. Maybe. But you aren't him, so back the f**k off or I'm going to spear you through your imposter heart." I waved my stick a little to add a bit spice to my threat. Hopefully, he knew what I held in my hand and it would make an impression.

He seemed completely unfazed by my dragon fang. "Imposter? Jayne, are you feeling well? It is me, Spike. You know, the human boy who bought you pizza?"

My nostrils flared with anger and my jaw clenched in frustration. When I could find my voice again, I responded. "I don't know how you fished into Spike's head to get all that information, but whatever. I'm not falling for your shit." I tried to look around without taking my eyes completely off him. "Ben!" I yelled out into the trees around me. I knew I was going to need some help. This guy was most definitely a demon, and I hadn't been able to manage one by myself before, so I didn't want to try and deal with one alone now, especially a demon as wily as this one who'd been smart enough to come at me as Spike and not a horned and leathery Torrie.

"Ben is not your friend," said the Spike imposter in a low voice. "He is with them." He looked left and right, suddenly nervous.

"Yeah, I know. That's why I'm calling him over here with us, so we can send your sorry demon ass back to the Underworld where it belongs." I was feeling more confident now, knowing the idea of Ben concerned him.

"You misunderstand me. He is with them there ... where you wish to send me. You are wrong to trust him and not me with your safety."

"You are not Spike, okay?!" I yelled. "Nothing you say can convince me of that, so shut the hell up!" I hated that demons used my friends against me and tried to trick me into mistrusting people who were supposed to have my back.

The man in front of me sighed and dropped his chin. "I am everything Spike is and more."

"No. You are less, because right now, you're lying to me ... and Spike would never do that."

He picked his head up and looked me in the eye. "You are quite right about that. He is most dedicated to you. More than you could ever know."

I narrowed my eyes at him. Now at least he was fessing up. The truth of his words rang like bells in my heart. For that split second, I totally knew how Maggie felt when she yelled out, Truth! "How could you possibly know all this about Spike? About us?" I felt like I was starting to unwrap the mystery that surrounded him, and my heart rate picked up at the prospect.

He shrugged. "It is part and parcel of a possession. I am privy to all manner of things your friend wishes to keep from you."

I instantly felt sick to my stomach. The idea of hurrying up to kill him off and getting back to the fight that I could hear still going on just past the edge of the trees went flying out of my head. "Are you saying that you're ... possessing my friend right now? Like his body?" Can I kill a demon doing a possession without killing the host?

"I am possessing him, mind and body. The only thing I have yet to take is his soul. I have you to thank for that."

"You don't look very grateful," I said, shifting my weight from my left foot to my right, wondering what a person does with a possessing demon to get him out of the place he shouldn't be, worried stabbing Spike's body would end his life, regardless of the fact that his soul was still his own.

"Truly, I am not thankful. But now that I have been in his mind and felt you against me, I know that I can go no further with this possession."

"Say what, now?" One minute the guy was a happy demon, the next he's a lovesick idiot. I thought fae left this shit behind when they died, but apparently not.

"A love this strong and abiding is a rare thing. I cannot destroy it without ruining my chances at another lifetime in the Here and Now. I must leave you now and return from whence I came." He turned as if to leave.

"Wait a minute!" I was panicking. He'd taken Spike's mind and body and now was going to just walk away with it? Over my dead body! "You're not going anywhere, dude. I want to know how the hell you did this and where Spike really is. You can't just disappear on me."

He smiled at me sadly. "I believe I can." He walked away quickly disappearing into the trees, leaving me standing there alone.

But I wasn't that way for long. Just after Spike began walking, I heard the sounds of Tim's wings, and then a moment after that, his voice, singing.

"Duh. Duh. Duh. ... Another one bites my dust! And another one gone and another one gone! Another one bites my pixie dust!"

I saw him flying past the slowly trudging Spike who didn't even look up to acknowledge the pixie going by.

"Oh, hey, Spike," said Tim as he buzzed past him. Then he spoke to me. "Greetings, my liege. Did you call for me? Did you miss me? Do you need me to guide you back to the battle? You seem to have lost your way over here. You know, people are going to think you're off snogging the incubus while everyone else fights off the demons. That's not going to look very good on your CV."

I met him halfway to Spike. "Not now, Tim. We have to stop him." I walked as fast as I could, worried that if I ran, I'd spook him and he'd turn on the turbos and disappear.

Tim hovered in front of me, turning to face Spike. "Him who? Spike?"

"It's not Spike! It's a friggin demon possessing him." I tripped over a fallen branch and went down on my knees. I jumped back up and didn't even bother wiping the dead leaves off me.

"Holy pixie private parts! Are you kidding me?" Tim flew out towards the demon and then seemed to change his mind, coming back to stop near my face. "That's messed up. You should go stab him with your fang. I'll wait back here and supervise."

"No, we can't! He's got Spike's body. That's the real Spike only with a demon soul inside. I think. It's kind of confusing." My legs were burning with the effort of fast-walking through piles of leaves and small tree parts.

I picked up my pace, now jogging so I could keep Spike in view. He could put on the supersonic speed at any point and lose me, so I was hoping I could come up with a plan before that happened. My legs felt better jogging than they had with the crazy fast-walking.

"What are you going to do?" asked Tim near my shoulder. "Just follow him? What kind of a plan is that?"

"He's going to get away from me. He's too fast. I need to do something else but I don't know what it is. I just know that if I lose him I will have no way of finding him again and then maybe we'll never get Spike back." The idea of losing my incubus friend was too awful to consider seriously. I was not going to let this guy get away from me no matter what. The battle was important, I knew that. But the green elves and Dardennes along with the few ogres I'd seen fighting on our side could manage without me for a few more minutes while I dealt with this problem.

Tim was trying to help me figure out our next move. "Well ... you can't stab him, and you can't catch him. Seems to me you have only one option left. Or maybe two."

"What are they?" I was breathless from my efforts at pursuit now.

"Okay, well, number one is to flash him your boobs. Stun him."

"Tim, that's not going to work." I wanted to bat him out of the sky, but I had to conserve my energy for breathing.

"You're right. They're way too small. Okay, option number two, let me pixie his stupid butt."

I growled my frustration. "My boobs are not too small, number one, and two, pixying is a bad idea."

"Why? There's a cure now. If I zap him, he'll stop running away, and then we can contain him until the medics arrive. It's a win-win, Lellamental. Please, let me pixie him. I've been sober far too long." Tim was rubbing his hands together and staring longingly off into the distance.

I stopped running, unable to come up with any more reasons not to let Tim fall off the wagon. I gasped the words out. "Fine. Go pixie his demon ass. But don't get any of your butt dust on anyone else." I bent over, pulling in copious amounts of oxygen, trying to feed my starved brain.

"Your wish is my command. And for the record, it's not butt dust, okay? It's body dust. Stay back so the wind doesn't get any on you. My shit is potent, just like my man-seed."

"That is just gross," I mumbled, watching Tim fly superhero-style up to Spike's back and over his head. Once he was there, he slowed down and spun around to face him, halting in midair about two feet from Spike's chest. He threw his arms out in the demon's direction, as if saying, 'Tah-dahhhh!' After he stayed like that for about five seconds, he flew up again, hovering a few feet above Spike's head.

Nothing happened at first, other than Spike stopping in his tracks. Then he lifted up his arms slowly at his sides. He remained like that for long enough that I started to wonder what the hell he was doing.

I walked forward a few steps, trying to get a better view of what was going on.

Spike's arms slowly bent at the elbows and came in closer to his body.

I took a few more steps towards him. I was about twenty feet away now, my breathing back to normal but the sweat running down the sides of my face.

I watched as Spike's butt started to twitch back and forth. And boy, did he have a nice one.

Tim's proud announcer-voice rang out. "Watch out, ladies and gentlefae! We've got ourselves a live one over here! Whoo-hoooo!" He flew backwards for a distance and then turned and buzzed away, singing loudly about another one biting his pixie dust.

The demon-Spike and I were alone again on the border of the trees near the scene of the battle that I could now hear still going on, the sounds of swords clanging together and men yelling and grunting echoing all around us. He seemed oblivious to it all, as he took a step back and then one forward, his butt moving side to side and his arms pumping in and out. It was like he either couldn't decide which way to go or he was having a small seizure standing up; I couldn't decide which.

"What the f**k?" I said, mostly to myself. Then louder I said, "Hey, Spike! What are you doing?"

He turned around, his face full of manic happiness as he broke out into more dance maneuvers. There was no music, but his arms and legs moved in what appeared to be a carefully and professionally choreographed routine, designed to get every girl within viewing distance breathing a little faster. Now that he had his rhythm, I could see that the boy could seriously bust a move.

"Come on, Jayne," he shouted. "Come on over here and cut a rug with me." He threw a leg out to the side and then dragged it back in, doing a weird shimmy with his spine and then popping and locking a little. It should have looked totally stupid, but somehow he managed to pull it off. I was reminded of a recent stripper movie starring one of the hottest guys to ever walk the planet, and had to quickly shake images of a mostly nude, dancing Spike out of my head before I go too attached to the idea.

"Cut a rug? I don't think so." I moved as if to walk a large circle around him, but his eyes locked onto mine and his dance moves slowed.

"Where are you going, Jayne?" he asked, tipping his head down and slowing his moves a little, looking up at me through his eyelashes intently. I was reminded of a cougar about to pounce on its prey. A very sexy one.

My heart was racing again, trying to beat itself out of my chest. "I'm going back to the battle. Why don't you stay here and dance for a while, and I'll come back for you later." I felt fairly certain he would stick around, or at least be easier to find, now that his main goal was to dance the day away and not to escape from me. That would give me some time to get back to demon ass-kicking with my friends, and I could come collect this Spike imposter later for the witches to deal with.

"Why don't you just stay and dance with me?" He said, moving towards me, using his dance rhythm to propel himself forward in perfect time to his inner beat. Now he was like a sexy disco cougar which was hilarious and terrifying at the same time. I felt like I was in the middle of a really goofy music video from the eighties, only with a demon as the star and me as his prey.

I looked from him to the spot where I thought I could get out of the trees and back with my friends. If I was going to get away from him, I knew I had to go now. I had no idea whether he'd be able to use his super speeds while he was pixelated or not, and I didn't want to find out when it would be too late.

I ran as fast as I could for the tree line, my breath pushing out of me as desperate huffs and puffs. My legs that had quit burning just moments before started up again, my muscles complaining with every stride.

He came crashing in the brush behind me. His hyper-speed didn't seem to be working, because if it had been, he would have already been on me within a second of me starting to run, but I was staying ahead.

I was panting louder and louder as the panic of being chased set in. Adrenaline coursed through my veins, giving me speed I didn't know I had. I got a cramp in my side and my chest was burning with the effort of escaping this dancing nut job.

Spike was close behind now, laughing and yelling out in his pixelated joy. The dust hadn't made him harmless. Apparently, it just made him more determined to kiss me than he had been earlier. And I knew this time, there would be no brakes applied by him. If he caught me, I was going down. Like all the way down.

"Jayne, I love you! Come back to me, beautiful girl! Let us dance together! Let me sing you a song that I wrote for you!"

Holy shit, I seriously prefer the more modest Spike. I could see Dardennes in the distance, using a shining silver sword against a guy who looked like a fae. Vampire, I thought, ready to go lend him a hand, assuming I could somehow lose my pixelated loverboy.

Before I could get within shouting distance of my allies with any hope of being heard over the sounds of the fighting, I felt something hard hit my shoulder. I was stopped abruptly by the force of it and went down to my knees. I had hoped to catch myself there, but the momentum and the demon's follow-up was too much. I continued down to the forest floor on my face as a heavy weight landed on me, hitting me in the back and making it impossible for me to do anything but eat dirt.

Friggin Spike had caught up to me and nailed me with his heavy hand and then downed me with a full-body tackle. And he wasted no time in trying to force-cuddle and kiss me in a pile of stinky mushrooms.

CHAPTER FOUR

I PUSHED AGAINST THE DEMON-Spike's shoulders with all of my might, shaking my head from side to side in an effort to avoid his kisses. "Stop, Spike!" I yelled. "I'm serious ... get off me!" I wiggled my legs around, trying to get one of them in nut crushing position, but he was too fast for me, always adjusting to counter my moves.

He strained forward at the same time and pressed his lips to mine, completely ignoring my pleas.

I couldn't believe I was being kiss-attacked while my friends fought demons with axes and swords almost spitting distance from us. I tried to argue with this idiot some more, but his mouth was in the way. I was feeling trapped, and whimpered with the panic. He was seriously trying to kiss me now and touching my body in places I wasn't comfortable with. The situation went from crazy ridiculousness to feeling a lot too much like rape. "Please ... not like this ... not like this, Spike," I begged.

He stopped in an instant, pulling his head up. His eyes stared into mine as one of his hands came up and gently pushed the hair out of my face. He was panting, his hot breath hitting me in the face.

I could smell him. Not just his breath, but him, Spike. It was normally a comforting thing, something that made me feel confident and cared about. Now all it did was make me feel confused. The fear that I was about to be forced into something I didn't want, wasn't ready for, probably would never be ready for, dissipated.

"Spike really does love you, Jayne," he said softly. "That is from his heart. He has never felt this way about anyone before."

I started to cry. "Why are you telling me this? Would you please just leave me alone?" It hurt my feelings for some reason to know how Spike really felt about me, but that he wasn't really telling me himself. Why hadn't he told me himself?

"I cannot leave you alone, Jayne. And I cannot allow Spike to deny you his thoughts. You have something very precious in front of you, and you are turning away from it. Why would you do that?" He burst out laughing, but I knew that was the pixie dust talking. He was dead serious.

"Spike has a girlfriend. Two of them, in fact. He doesn't love me."

"No, he does not have two girlfriends. He has many friends, but only one love. That is you."

"He doesn't love Theresa and Felicia?" I asked, my curiosity getting the better of me. He sure had tried pretty hard to make me think they were all running around in the forest naked together or whatever. And not just them, but other girls around the compound.

"No. He cares for them as compatriots only."

"Then why did he have sex with them? And all those other fae girls?" I couldn't help it. I had to know how a boy who supposedly loved me so much could roll around naked with someone else.

"He did not. He has not been with anyone in that way since he was human. He waits for you and you alone." The demon stared at me with Spike's eyes, not a hint of a lie or deceit in there anywhere.

His words sunk in, making me feel both incredibly sad and also a tiny bit hopeful. I didn't know which emotion was going to win out in the end, but either way, it seemed wrong to be picking Spike's brain when he wasn't really in it to protect himself or his secrets. I took as deep a breath as I could with his weight on me to clear my weepiness away and said, "Whatever, demon. Just let me go so I can go get rid of the rest of your kind."

"There will be more. Why don't you just let them have what they want? Then perhaps the fae will be left to survive."

"What exactly do they want?" I asked.

"The humans of course. Full access to them and their glorious energy."

"And if the fae say no to that?"

"The fae will be extinguished. There is no other way."

I wanted to say a lot of things to that, but on the off chance that this dickbag got loose, I didn't want to clue him in to our plans of possible portal opening.

"They'll never agree to that."

"Then let us use this moment, perhaps one of the last ones we will have in the Here and Now together, to revel in our love for one another."

"I don't love Spike like that," I said softly, feeling bad about it especially now that I knew how much he really cared about me.

"I think, if you search deeper, you might find that you are not being completely honest with yourself about that."

Something about his words rang true, and that freaked me out more than anything he'd said so far.

He dipped his head towards mine, coming for a kiss and probably more. Knowing Spike really, truly loved me was a pretty strong aphrodisiac, even in the middle of all this craziness. And he really was mostly Spike, even without Spike's soul being possessed. His body and his brain were fully him. I decided that my constant exposure to danger and ridiculousness had somehow caused me to be somewhat immune to common sense. It was the only explanation for my failure to fight him off.

Our lips met and we kissed. It was slow and easy, soft at first, and then more passionate. It was strange, this extra energy that Spike had with the pixelation or the demon possession or maybe something else, I wasn't sure. It was Spike and then it wasn't. Knowing his secrets about me gave me a power over him I was afraid to admit I liked. He was a gorgeous boy. A man, really. A talented musician and all-around good person. And even after everything I'd put him through, he still loved me. It was a potent combination of a lot of good things, and I needed good things right now. Everything else was just too messed up in my life. The need for fighting and defending our home faded out and was replaced momentarily by the heat coming from the need for something else.

I wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him against me harder and deepening our kiss. And I was just wondering how far I was willing to go with him, rolling around in the mushrooms on the edge of battle, when the choice was made for me.

The weight of Spike's body disappeared as he was hauled off of me by an unseen force.

My body went suddenly hot, not just with embarrassment, but also with the heat of Ben's element that was burning up the area around him.

"Get up," he said, his voice sounding dead. Ben was talking to me.

CHAPTER FIVE

BEN PUT SPIKE IN A bubble of flames, making me scream with fear. I scrambled to my feet, bits of fungus and dead leaves stuck to every part of me. I didn't bother trying to do anything about it, too worried Spike was going to die a very painful death. And all just because he loved me too much.

"Ben! You're hurting him! Stop!" I rushed over to the flaming column, putting my hands out towards the demon-Spike, wishing I could reach through it and yank him out.

"No, I'm not," he said, sounding disgusted. "Come on, I need your help." He grabbed my hand and started dragging me away.

I tried to dig my heels in and get my arm back, but Ben's grip was too tight. He pulled me through the leaves and dead tree parts like I was a rag doll.

"Wait, Ben, he's going to burn up in there!" I begged.

Ben stopped all of a sudden, flinging my hand away from him like he couldn't stand to touch me anymore. "Do you really think I'd do that? Burn up your lover?"

"He's not my lover," I said in a low tone, rubbing my sore wrist, angry at him for saying it and a little embarrassed that part of me wanted it to be true. What's wrong with me? Why do I fall for demon sweet-talking so easily?

"Well, you could have fooled me." Ben turned towards the battle. "Enough playing around in the woods with your friend. We need to work together to send the demons back. We've killed several, but some of them are too strong." He walked away.

I ran to catch up to him. "How?" I didn't bother arguing with him about what I'd been doing or the fact that I'd been kidnapped out there. He wasn't going to listen anyway, I could tell.

"We'll do it like we did at your mother's house." He looked back over his shoulder at me. "You remember how, I assume."

"Yes. I do." And I also recalled needing Ben to coach me through it. Hopefully, he'd still be willing to do that so I wouldn't go blind with misguided power. I stopped worrying about it as soon as we reached the edge of the fighting. My mind quickly moved to the more immediate concern of how Ben and I were going to even start this process of cleaning house. The bad guys were everywhere and mixed in with our people, making it hard to pick out who needed to be killed and who needed to be defended.

Groups of orcs and green elves were fighting in hand-to-hand combat. The elves who were normally more proficient at longer ranges with their arrows had suffered; I counted five bodies on the ground in my immediate area. I didn't recognize any of my friends among them, but it didn't make it any easier to see it. My anger grew at the needless waste of life.

We reached the center of the worst part of fighting unhurt, shielded inside Ben's fire. He stopped walking and stood with his hands out, waiting for me to take them.

I walked up so I could be directly in front of him, looking first at his face and then at his outstretched palms. I worked first on reining in my anger and frustration, both with him and the horrible losses our people had already suffered while I was tied up with the demon-Spike, knowing that letting my emotions overcome me now could affect what I tried to do with the elements.

"Take my hands, Jayne. We need to be linked."

I put my palms on his and waited for him to close his fingers over mine, expecting him to.

But he did nothing. His fingers remained straight and seemingly uninterested in mine.

It made my heart squeeze painfully in my chest. It felt like rejection to be remaining so un-linked when it would have been so easy for him to hold onto me.

"Close your eyes and visualize sending these demons back to where they came from. Use your elements together. Link them with mine. Focus on who to keep with us. We cannot send the wrong ones to the Underworld or they will be left there."

My gaze darted around me, taking in all the figures I saw there, fighting the good fight. Ivar, Dardennes, Tim, Finn, several other green elves I didn't know by name but did by sight ... and Spike. Demon or not, I wasn't ready for him to go back to the Underworld if there was a chance the real Spike would end up going too. I nodded my head. "I'm ready."

CHAPTER SIX

I CLOSED MY EYES AND envisioned the Earth element coming up from below my feet, running through the nearby ley lines to amplify its energy. It filled me completely, making me feel whole in a way I never did without it.

Water was next, weaving in with The Green, bringing a roar of sheer power that filled my ears and made my heart soar along its waves. There was nothing like being caught up in the elements like this; I felt immortal ... invincible.

A jolt came into my hands, bringing with it a swirling heat that crackled and growled with its intensity. Ben was with me, bringing the strength of Fire and Wind to add to what I was already allowing to swirl around us like a tornado. Darkness descended, tempered by the flames that licked at our bodies, casting shadows across my eyelids that looked like dancing phantoms.

I let my elements tangle together with Ben's, creating a spinning tunnel of earth-shattering forces that made the ground tremble beneath our feet. Everything should have been drowned out, my eardrums overwhelmed by the peaks and waves of sound, but his voice came to me as a whisper, cutting through the angry rumbling growls of our energy-monster, so that eventually it was the only thing I could hear.

"We must send the demons back to where they've come from."

"Tell me what to do." I breathed in and out, calming the nerves that were threatening to override my peace. I had to trust Ben to help me, even if I didn't know if I could trust him otherwise.

"Imagine our friends in your mind," he said. "Keep them grounded. And picture the darkness in those from the Underworld." Ben's voice was hypnotic, calming me, making me feel as if I were falling into a trance. It continued, almost soothing now. "Send them back to where they belong. They are not of this realm. They have no place here with you and me. Only those who are with us in spirit must be allowed to remain in the Here and Now."

I focused, visualizing my friends and Ben anchored to the ground with tree roots, like Maggie had taught me. Not just the fae here were my mind's eye, but also those around the compound - elves and succubi and incubi, ogres and dwarves, gray elves and silver elves, witches. And I pictured a dark cloud or aura surrounding all those who would do us harm. They were marked with a darkness that matched the blight on their souls. The elements turned with my visions into a giant hand, grasping the ones cloaked in black and throwing them into the maelstrom.

I was so intent on getting the images just right, I didn't realize at first when Ben's hands began to slip from mine. The note of panic in his voice stood in stark contrast to his earlier, calming whispers.

"Jayne!" he yelled sharply, his fingers only barely touching mine now.

I was startled out of my trip into la-la land. "What?!" I yelled, half-panicked and half-pissed. How am I supposed to concentrate when he keeps yelling at me?

"You're getting pulled away! What are you doing?!"

I grabbed for Ben's hands, only managing to get a hold of his fingertips, his palms having slipped from my grasp. I couldn't see him anymore, the space around me just a blur of blues and greens. As our contact lessened, so did the heat and wind from his elements. The roar of Earth and Water once again filled my ears, making it difficult to hear him.

"Take ... hand ... lose ...," he yelled.

I could only catch pieces of what he was saying and it wasn't making any sense. I let go of his right hand and used my now free hand to grip his other wrist, making it possible for me to more firmly seat my other hand in his left.

"I can't hear you, Ben! What are you saying?!"

"You ... wrong ... back!"

His hand jerked out of mine with no warning, sending me flying backwards to the ground. My elements cushioned my fall a bit, the shock to my backside not nearly as sharp as it should have been, but I was still stunned, now completely without Ben or his elements. I got up onto my knees, shaking my head to get it cleared. I knew I had to focus or something seriously bad was going to happen. I could feel it in my bones.

Focus, Jayne. Calm yourself. Pull the elements back in. Fight these demons with swords and dragonfire, not elements. It's too risky.

I called The Green back into me, forcing it to leave through my feet. It didn't go easily and seemed to almost have a mind of its own, needing to stay and whirl around in the forest. It was like a wild animal that had been let loose and didn't want to be bound again just yet. I ignored its nature and sent it back, along with Water. Luckily, the ley line I had tapped made the work much easier. It was like a deep chasm in the earth, like the Grand Canyon, only hidden below layers of forest floor. It swallowed the elements back up thirstily, leaving me once again alone. Just Jayne.

When the colors of my surroundings came back into focus and the leaves and branches fell to the ground, I was able to survey my success - or the damage. I wasn't sure which to call it, since I was alone now and couldn't tell if I'd sent anyone but myself anywhere. The weather had turned gray, and the forest looked like a disease had moved through it while I was under the influence of the elements.

"Ben?" I called out softly. "Dardennes? ... Anton? Are you guys here?"

From behind a tree walked a demon, his leather-like hide glistening with black goo I knew to be blood. He was coming towards me, so I grabbed my weapon, holding it out in front of me to discourage any funny business. But he walked right past where I was standing, paying me no mind, disappearing into the trees at my back without a roar or even a growl. I turned to watch him, my blood pressure going down only slightly when the danger had passed. Even though there was no bloody demon coming after me now, I still felt like something was really, really wrong here.

"I guess I goofed something up," I said out loud to the empty space around me. I tapped into the Earth element again, pulling some of The Green to me as a security blanket of sorts.

The moment it reached my chest, I flinched, sending it quickly away again. It slithered down into the Earth and left me thankfully alone. My heart was racing now, as my brain tried to compute what was happening. Something was wrong with the energy here. The Green felt like it was polluted.

"Oh, f**k. What have I done now?"

I heard some sounds and spun around, trying to figure out where they were coming from. A figure clothed in black came out of the trees to my left. I turned to meet him head-on, holding Blackie out as a threat.

"Well, this is a bit of a surprise," he said.

"Spike!" I gasped out, relieved more than I could say to see and hear him in this dark place. "Holy shit, what the hell is going on?" I asked, running to him and throwing my arms around his neck, careful to keep the dragon fang from touching him.

"That is a question I would like to have answered as well."

My blood froze. I quickly pulled away from him, putting several steps between us. "You're not Spike. You're the demon."

"I thought we had already gone over this and come to some conclusions," he said, sighing.

"But ... but ... I thought ..." I shook my head in confusion.

He raised an eyebrow at me. "You thought what? That you'd use your elements to separate the wheat from the chaff? Well, surprise, surprise, my darling," he said bitterly. "I believe you have just come to the realization that you are part of the chaff and not the precious wheat. Welcome to my world."

He turned and began walking away from me.

"But wait!" I yelled desperately after him. "Where am I?" I was afraid I knew the answer to my question, but I needed to hear the words from someone other than my own conscience.

He didn't even turn to look at me. He just shouted over his shoulder, "You're in the Underworld. The place where you asked the elements to send all the bad fae ... am I right?"

CHAPTER SEVEN

HIS WORDS HIT ME LIKE a ton of bricks, sinking my heart down into the farthest depths of my chest. Fuck, f**k, and double f**k. Triple f**k! I'm a bad guy?! I sent myself to the Underworld?!

I fell to the ground, my body suddenly like a limp noodle, going numb at the idea that I'd essentially shot myself with my own gun. "I have to be the dumbest, most inept elemental ever to walk the face of the earth," I said to no one in particular. I sat there for what felt like a long time, unmoving, ruminating on my stupidity and wondering what I was going to do and how I might possibly find a way back. I didn't even know if I would be allowed back. It was probably fair to say that the elements weren't going to be all that crazy about resurrecting me. That type of fiddling with the way of things sounded kind of against nature to me. The awfulness of it made me cry. For a while, the only thing I could hear was my own weeping, the pitiful sound waves easily swallowed up by the trees around me.

I don't know how much later it happened, but a buzzing slowly came to my ears, making me both hopeful and afraid. My crying took a back seat to curiosity, and I turned to face the noise, quickly brushing my tears away.

"Well, that was one hell of a road trip, let me tell you," said Tim. He landed on my shoulder. "Good thing I'm awesomely awesome in the aerodynamics department. A lesser pixie would have been squashed like a pancake against a tree for sure." He walked across the back of my neck to reach my other shoulder. "Hey ... where'd everybody go anyway? This place is like a graveyard it's so quiet." He leaned on the side of my head with his hand. I could hear him biting his nails.

I couldn't think of what to say. I just kept my head still so I wouldn't throw him to the ground. The poor guy didn't even know what he'd really been put through or where he actually was. The least I could do was be gentle right now.

"Hey, Lellamental ... I'm talking to you." He stood back up and stepped over to my ear, grabbing it in his little hands and leaning in towards the opening. "Yo, microphone check! Check one! Check two! Check-a, check-a, boom-boom. Can you hear me in there?"

I reached up to wave him away, forgetting about my plan to be gentle. "I hear you. But I'm afraid to answer your question." The tears were threatening again. I cleared my throat to try and keep it from closing up on me.

"Why? It's not difficult. Here, I'll get you started: Tim, everyone is in Spain. I used Ben's Wind to blow them all out of the country." He snickered. "That would be hilaire, wouldn't it? Anton having to catch a plane back to France because you screwed up again?" He flew up and hovered in front of my face. "Heh, heh! Can you picture it? Anton trying to get on a plane dressed like a fae? They'd think he was a nutter." He was smiling like a loon, but the longer he looked at my face, the more his expression faded into concern.

"Yeah, sooooo ... Jayne. What's the scoop, poop? I mean, what'd you do with everyone, seriously?" He studied my face. "They're not in Spain, are they?"

I shook my head, my eyes filling with tears threatening to spill over. I'd taken one of my best friends, a husband and father, and brought him with me into hell. I had to be the worst roommate of all time.

"Uh ... okaaaay ... so what ... are they, like, in Ireland? Because you know, that's not so bad. At least they speak English there. And they dress funny too sometimes. I've got a friend there named Mandy. Cute witch, actually."

I shook my head again, my voice coming out strained and weak. "They're in the Green Forest."

Tim turned in a full circle, stopping when he was facing me again. "Ummm, Jayne ... I'm not sure if your eyesight is failing you again, but newsflash, there's no one here but us." He crossed his arms sassily, waiting for me to explain myself.

I added to his list of occupants. "And Spike. And a demon. At least, that's all I've seen so far," I added.

"Seriously?"

"Yeah. I just saw them."

Tim put his hands on his hips. "I thought you sent all those bad boys back to the Underworld."

"I did."

Tim frowned.

I continued, cringing at little in anticipation of his response. "I sent all the people who belonged in the Underworld to the Underworld."

Tim cleared his throat and then craned his neck out in a couple different directions, as if his collar was suddenly too tight. He lost about a foot of altitude before he spoke again.

"Uhhh, come again, please? Because I'm afraid my son's ear canal polly balls are causing me some hearing problems. I could have sworn you just said something about sending all those who belonged in the Underworld to the Underworld!" He finished with a screech, reaching up to tug the hair on both sides of his head. When he pulled his hands away, his hair was sticking straight out. I didn't have the heart to tell him he'd ruined his hairdo.

"Yeah, I'm sorry to tell you that the polly balls aren't interfering in anything. I'm not kidding. I think we're both in the Underworld right now."

Tim plummeted to the ground, and I was barely able to catch him before he landed on the hard earth. I picked him up to my face, panicked because his eyes were closed, and I couldn't tell if he was breathing or not.

"Tim! Are you dead? Talk to me!"

His eyes stayed shut, but he answered me, saying, "I'm not dead yet ... but if you keep breathing on me like that, I can't make any promises that I won't be soon."

I leaned in closer and breathed out extra as I talked. "Ssssooorrry about tttthhhhaaaaat, pixie maaaa-haaaa-haaa-haaaannnn."

He sat up quickly and pinched his nose closed. "Isn't it enough that you've sent me into a thousand years of agony and pain? Do I also need to suffer your halitosis?"

I smiled, feeling happy for the first time since arriving here. "Maybe this is part of your penance."

Tim stood up and brushed himself off, smoothing down his hair as best he could. "No one, and I mean no one, would be forced to do that penance. No matter what their crimes were in the Here and Now. A soul can only take so much before it's extinguished."

I frowned, putting my palm up to my face and blowing in it, trying to catch a whiff of what he was talking about. Soul extinguishing? That's some serious stank-breath. I didn't smell anything, though, so I turned my other hand upside down, forcing him to take flight or risk falling again.

Tim flew up and zipped around the area, making zig-zags across the space within a fifty-foot radius of where I was sitting before coming back to join me again.

"Well, the place looks exactly like the Here and Now, but there's something off here for sure."

"Tell me about it. I touched The Green earlier, and it was yucky."

"Yucky. Okay. I can see that. This whole place has a yuckiness about it." He came to my shoulder again. "What we need is a plan."

"A plan for what? For shelter? Food? Protection?"

"No, don't be ridiculous. I don't plan on being here long enough to need that stuff. We need our plan for getting out of this joint and back to the Here and Now."

I laughed bitterly. "Good luck with that. The elements are nasty, and all I have to protect us is this fang." I held Blackie up, not even sure it would function as anything but a stick right now.

"Stop feeling sorry for yourself and use that giant head of yours for thinking for a change. The demons are getting from here into our realm. If they can do it with their walnut-sized brains, we can do it. Especially since you have me with you."

"Why you?"

"Because of my superior intellect, of course. I'm surprised you have to ask."

"Oh. I thought it was a pixie thing."

Tim shuddered. "Heck no. You don't want to meet the pixies who belong down here. Nasty creatures."

I didn't say anything for a little, too busy considering what he said. But eventually I had to speak because it was eating away at me that it was just him and me here with a couple demons.

"Tim, you do realize that we're here because we belong here, right? I mean, that's what I asked for. When I was talking to and working with the elements."

"Shut up."

"No, seriously. I mean, we're bad people. We're bad fae. Isn't that what this means?" I could feel the tears welling up again and the sadness threatening to take hold. What have I done to deserve going to hell for a thousand years? Was it just one thing or a group of things?

"Apparently there was a big screw-up in the calculations. I mean, please, let's get real. Do you have any idea how many fae Niles has killed? He's a mass murderer. If anyone should be here, it's him, not us."

"Seriously?"

"Well, you know, it was all during battles and stuff, but whatever. The body count is high."

"I'm pretty sure that battle stuff doesn't count in the math." I slumped down even farther. No wonder that demon wanted to have sex with me at my mom's house. I'm probably like seriously sexy bad-girl material to these guys.

"Whatever ... my point is, neither of us has done anything to deserve being here, so something's wrong. There's been a mistake."

"I'm thinking why you? I can understand me, since I was messing with the elements and that's probably frowned on in most circles. But what's your excuse?"

Tim came up to my face, so close it made my eyes cross. "Are you trying to make me cranky, Jayne? Because if so, it's working. I have no idea how the wires got crossed and I ended up here, but it doesn't matter. I'm not staying!" And with that, he flew off into the trees.

"Wait! Don't leave me!" I yelled after him. But it was too late. He was already gone.

CHAPTER EIGHT

I TRIED TO FOLLOW TIM, headed in the direction he had been going when he disappeared. I crashed through the trees and underbrush, the going much harder without The Green helping me along. I was too afraid to try and connect, worried it would taint my soul even worse than it apparently already was.

I was convinced that was my problem. Sure, I'd been a wench to several people, but other than possibly killing Malena and Leck, I couldn't think of anything I'd done that was Underworld-worthy. And technically, those two Dark Fae were trying to kill Ben and me so that shouldn't even count since it was self-defense. So it had to be the smudges on my soul that Samantha hadn't fully erased. Once again, I had another reason to dislike her.

Now, Tim was another story. He had so many secrets I had no idea whether his being here was a mistake or not. He'd probably never tell me what I wanted to know, so I didn't even entertain the idea of asking him. I knew there was only one way to fix this, and that was to go into the Gray and find that tear in the veil so we could sneak through it.

After I walked for a while, I started recognizing things. This place was definitely drearier than the Here and Now, but it was essentially the same. We were in the Green Forest heading towards Maggie's house. The fae compound was somewhere nearby. Deciding that finding a hideout of about a thousand vampires and orcs and such was probably a really bad idea, I kept my mind off the doors to the compound, just in case they had spells here like we had that would make the entrances appear.

"Jayne!"

Someone was calling for me, back in the direction I'd just come from. I ran and hid behind the biggest tree I could find, trying to keep my breathing slow and even. It wasn't Tim back there, and the only other creature here who knew me was the Spike imposter.

"Jayne! Come on! I know you're out here somewhere!"

It's demon-Spike. Just stay calm. Don't let him hear you. I wasn't keep on being raped or even kiss-attacked at this point. I was too weak to fight anyone off, let alone my sexy friend in disguise.

He appeared at the spot I'd just been standing in. I could see him through the brush that surrounded the huge tree I was hiding behind. Just keep walking, blood sucker. I'm not on the menu today.

"Jayne, I want to help you. I can get you back into the Gray so you can find your way home!" He stopped and looked in all directions, his gaze freezing on the tree.

I tried not to move a single muscle. I even held my breath.

"Jayne, I can sense you are here. You and I are connected. Come out. Do not play games with me."

I waited to see what he would do.

First he was standing there and then the next second he was gone. A tap on my shoulder made me jump.

"Aaaahh!" I screamed, whipping Blackie up and spinning around, touching demon-Spike's shoulder with it. Nothing happened. I looked up at the impotent stick in my hand whose tip was still resting on Spike's collar bone and frowned. "What the hell?"

"The dragonfire is not active in the Underworld. Unless, of course, it is connected to its true owner ... which could be arranged."

My chest constricted. "The Dark? He's here?" The idea of that black dragon slinking around in the trees made me sick with fear. He was small, but I had the distinct impression that he could kick some serious butt when he wanted to. Or even just eat some serious butt if he was hungry enough.

"Of course he is here. And not that far away, actually. You can smell the sulfur, can you not?"

I sniffed the wind and sure enough, smelled something like a hard-boiled egg. "Dragons smell like egg salad sandwiches?"

He shrugged. "I suppose. In any case, while I realize you wished to burn me with your weapon, I have chosen not to hold that against you. Spike would be most distressed if he knew that I fed you to the dragons or demons who would like to partake of your flesh."

I swallowed hard. "Are you serious? Fae would eat me here?" Cannibal demons. Just when I thought life couldn't possibly suck more.

"Why not? Not everyone here is as focused as I am on being back in the Here and Now as upstanding fae citizens. Some prefer it here. There are less ... restrictions, shall we say."

I tried to wrap my mind around that awful fact, but chose to change the subject instead, mainly to conserve my sanity for when I'd really need it, like if a dragon came at me, stinkin' up the place with his rotten egg breath.

"Listen, err, Spike ... I'd really like to get out of here. Could you by any chance show me the way to the door?"

"The door? What door?"

"The door into the Gray. Or the rip. Or the seam. Whatever you guys call it."

He smiled but not kindly. "We call it the void. You wish to step into the void?"

The way he said it made me shiver. It sounded so wrong, but I said it anyway. "Yes, I'd like to step into the void ... as long as it will take me back to the Here and Now."

"There is a toll you must pay."

"A toll?" I asked, my weak voice pissing me off. But all I could picture was that guy who was a huge skeleton on the River Styx holding out his boney hand. And I'd forgotten to bring any chocolate balls with me.

"Of course. There is a passage and you must pay the toll."

I tried humor to get past the anxiety. "Is there, like, a troll there or something?"

"Precisely."

My smile disappeared in an instant. "Trolls aren't real," I whispered.

He leaned in, almost nose to nose with me now. "I'll bet you said the same thing about vampires, once." And then he smiled, his glistening fangs looking way too sharp and definitely way too close.

I stepped away as far as I could, my back coming up against the tree. "Stay away from me, vampire."

He let out a long breath. "You have nothing to fear from me. I am shackled by Spike's love for you. It is an annoying but ever-present specter. I am bringing you to the void so that I can escape this unfortunate prison."

"Hey. That's kind of rude, don't you think?"

He shrugged. "Love usually is a prison. I do not find it enjoyable in the least."

"Sounds very Underworldy to me. If you want to be in the Here and Now again, you might want to learn how to enjoy being in love. I'm pretty sure that's the main goal over there."

He paused to consider my words. "You are correct, of course. I had not considered it in that way before. Our time in the forest together was quite enjoyable, I must admit. I could be convinced to indulge again." He stepped closer to me.

I held my hands out as a barrier. "Keep your fangs and your nasty vampire-parts away from me, loverboy. I'm not interested. Not as long as you have that black soul inside you. Just show me the way to the void. Maybe your good deed will help you get out of here faster."

"Perhaps. In any case, I long for my own corpus. We shall step into the void together so you can have your friend back and I can have myself back. I must say, I do not envy him your company, as I know you will probably just toy with his emotions again; but it is his choice to continue on his fruitless and hopeless journey to your heart. I shall worry about it no longer."

My mouth dropped open at his nerve. "You know ... you are a seriously insulting vampire. I don't see where you get off judging me like that."

"I am but an observer. You do as you wish. Spike's heart is there for you to cherish or destroy, at your leisure."

I shook my head, speechless. This guy was a total turd. He must have been sent to the Underworld as punishment for giving out torturous, hellacious guilt trips. I wondered if maybe he hadn't been a math teacher or something in his last life.

He moved away from my tree, going in the direction Tim had flown. I stepped out from behind my shelter and followed him.

CHAPTER NINE

THE MORE WE WALKED, THE closer we got to the Ancient - the tree that was Maggie's home. My mind was going a million miles an hour, trying to figure out how she might be involved in all of this or if she even was. The smell of sulfur sometimes faded and occasionally got stronger, but it never fully went away.

I wondered if sulfur and brimstone were the same thing. That would mean dragons had the whole fire and brimstone thing going on, and it probably also meant I didn't want to see one while I was here. They had only been about as big as sheepdogs back in Ben's room, but with a stink this powerful, I was worried what that might mean when seeing one in person. A hallucination was one thing; a live dragon was something else entirely.

We entered the clearing that surrounded Maggie's house. Tim was there in the center of it, hovering about ten feet up in the air.

"Tim, what are you doing up there?"

"Jayne, stop! Don't come any closer!"

I took one more step, but Spike's arm came out to keep me from going any farther.

"What's up?" I asked him.

"I believe your friend is being held in a suspension spell."

"He's right!" yelled a very annoyed Tim. "Some idget put a spell over this spot and clipped my wings." He struggled against invisible bonds, growling out his words as he twisted and bent over to try and free himself. "When I get out of this, someone's going to be very sorry, that's all I have to say. Butts are gonna get pixied, eyes are gonna get poked, and noses are gonna feel the wrath of my son's polly balls!"

I tried not to laugh at his predicament, but it was really hard. He looked like he was having a midair seizure.

"Ha, ha, laugh all you want, Lellamental. I hope you'll bring some flowers to my funeral."

"You're not going to die," I said, brushing off his fears as I searched the immediate area for a solution to our problem.

"Oh yeah? What do you think they have a suspension spell around here for? Giggles? To trap potential Scrabble players for their next game? No! They do this to capture their next meal or their next victim. I'm going down, I tell you! Down and very possibly in flames!" He was working himself into a serious lather up there, making me worried one of us was going to get pixied. It reminded me that Spike was supposed to already be pixied. But he was suspiciously without dance moves or laughter.

"Hey, what happened to your pixelation? How come you're not laughing and dancing the night way?"

"Pixie dust doesn't work down here like it works where you are from. Pixies are not normal pixies here."

I looked at Tim, squinting to see him better. "He looks the same to me. Little head. Little butt. Shiny wings. Decent hair. Huge ego. Yeah. That's definitely still Tim up there."

"He may be now. But eventually, if he stays, he will not be."

Spike's words were super chilling. "What will he be?" I whispered.

"A nasty little creature you do not want to meet. Let us get him down out of that trap and get you into the void. Nothing good can come of you and him being where you should not be."

"What about you? I mean, Spike? I want my friend back."

"And so you shall have him. I will come through with you long enough to put things to rights. I have seen what I needed to see."

"What's that supposed to mean?" I looked at him accusingly.

I got no answer, but Tim had no problem weighing in.

"He's a spy! Don't trust him, Jayne. Stay away from him. He's a demon and there's no such thing as a good demon!"

The imposter spoke to Tim now. "That may be true, but it is not true to say that everyone here has the same goal in mind. I have worked almost a thousand years to get back to the Here and Now for another chance at a good life, and I will do nothing to endanger this opportunity, even if some say my concern is no longer necessary."

"Whoa. Who's saying that?" I asked. "Is it Torrie?"

"Torrie. Others. I pay them no heed. I do what I must for my own future. They do what they must for theirs. We do not work well as teams or partners in the Underworld, generally speaking."

"Well, that's good to know," I said. "Less chance of them succeeding if they can't group together."

"I said, generally speaking. Do not misunderstand me. Torrie is a formidable force here, and he is quite determined. It is amazing, really, what a very determined demon is capable of accomplishing with the right group of like-minded individuals at his side."

"Pfft. You're telling me. The guy is a friggin psychopath."

"He truly believes he belongs in the Here and Now, living as he believes he is entitled."

A shiver ran up my spine at Spike's words. I had to repeat them, just to be completely sure he meant what I was afraid he did. "Did you say, he belongs in the Here and Now?"

"That is his belief. I am not sure who agrees with him, but I gather it is not an insignificant number."

"Who decides that? I mean, where Torrie belongs?"

"No one knows. Perhaps it is the Spirit. There is a judgment and the person is sent to one Otherworld or the other. But Torrie claims the judgment was not correct in his case. That there was ... tomfoolery involved."

"So he's a conspiracy nut," I said, summarizing as best I could while still being nearly in the dark about all the players and how things worked between the realms.

Spike shrugged. "It is a matter of opinion. I have none where he is concerned." He turned his head towards Tim. "Pixie ... how did you become ensnared?"

"I was flying up to Maggie's door - the door in the tree - when I felt a noose slip around my waist. And here I am. Strung up like a goose ready to be plucked for a feast. And can I say for the record that being hung like this with dragons sneaking around ... it's not fun, okay? It's not fun at all. Someone needs to get me down from here and on-the-double. I can smell lizard balls getting closer every minute."

My throat closed up a little, making it hard for me to draw a breath. My gaze swept the forest floor around me and out in the distance, hoping if there was a dragon around that I'd see it first before it saw me.

"What are you looking for?" asked Spike, watching me with a quizzical expression.

I looked at him like he was stupid. "The dragon, duh."

He laughed bitterly. "Well, I hate to disappoint you, but they do not come out of the earth. They come from the sky. And surely, spotting his ankles will do you no good in any case."

"Ankles? What are you talking about?"

"You are searching for a dragon by looking at the ground. I assumed you were either hoping for a subterranean monster to appear or to catch a glimpse of the winged dragon's feet."

I frowned. This guy was making no sense at all. "Whatever. Can you just show me how to get into the void and how to get my roommate out of that ... noose he's trapped in?"

"I wish I could. I am not witch, however. I suggest you run."

"Run?!" My words came out sounding strangled.

"Yes, run. The dragon is coming." He stood there, totally not freaking out, waiting for me to react.

My feet were rooted to the spot, even while the smell of sulfur started to burn my nose. "Is this a sick joke? Are you going to chase me and eat me now?"

A loud screeching roar rent the air around us, causing me to almost pee my pants.

"Holy f**kstick, what was that?" I whisper-yelled, ducking down a little and scanning the air above us.

"No, I am not considering chasing you or eating you for that matter, but perhaps the dragon is. He does not sound happy." The demon-Spike looked up, concern marring his features.

"Jayne, you have to get me out of this!" yelled Tim. "I'm a sitting duck! I'm gonna get fried like a moth in a bug zapper! Help me!"

I stepped towards the spot where Tim was hanging. As my foot passed over some invisible line, I could feel something, a tendril of power, touch my ankle. I jerked it back, breathing so heavily I was panting now. "I can't! It's spelled!"

"Do something, Jayne!" he shrieked. "Use The Green! Offer it your virgin sacrifice! Flash it your boobs! Something! Anything!"

"What is it with the boob-flashing, Tim?! My boobs are not going to help either of us!"

Tim was crying hysterically now, yammering almost incoherently. "Boobs schmoobs. You guard 'em like they're the holy grail. Maybe exposing them will cause a cataclysmic event! Maybe they'll save my life! You never know! Boobs! Green power!! I'm trapped!! I can't fly, I can't fly, I can't fly! Oh, my child will never know me! Abby will blame me for this, I know she will. Damn she-pixies with their rules and expectations! Ack! I'm dying! I'm dying inside!! It's happening!! Life is over before it has begun!! All my years in the service of others, undercover, saving humanity time and time again. Elf on the shelf, elf on the shelf! All for naught! All for na-ha-ha-haaaaught!" His blubbering took away any more last-words he might have had for us.

"Fascinating," was all Spike said, shaking his head slowly, studying the pixie in crisis.

I nodded. My roommate had finally cracked under the pressure. Yet his complete freak-out somehow inspired me to come up with a plan.

"Spike, I need you to watch my back. I'm going to find someone to help us."

He arched an eyebrow. "By all means. I await your next move."

I stuck my tongue out at him before closing my eyes. Come on, Tones. I know you're out there, buddy. Talk to me. Find me. I'm over here in the Underworld and I FUCKING NEED YOU NOW!!

CHAPTER TEN

I SAW NOTHING IN MY mind but blackness. I kept up my chanting, focusing on sending out the strongest emotions I could muster. I knew Tony would never let me down, even if there was just a tiny spark of my presence in his mind. If he could hear me or vibe me or somehow sense I was in deep doo doo like I was now, with dragon stink filling my nostrils with nastiness, he'd find a way to get here and rescue my sorry butt.

Tony, I need you. I'm probably going to die over here, and I'm pretty sure dying in the Underworld isn't any more pleasant than it is in the Here and Now. I don't belong here! I don't, I swear! It was a mistake! Please come rescue me. Tony, please, I'll do anything you want. I'll cut your hair good next time. I'll totally be okay with you doing it daily with Felicia. I'll ... shit, I'll stop cussing!

"Jayne, I think it's a really bad idea to promise things you can't possibly deliver. It's bad karma."

I opened my eyes and shouted, "Tony, you're here!" My head jerked left and right, trying to figure out where his voice had come from.

Spike was pointing.

Following the direction of his finger, my eyes were drawn to the Ancient, specifically to the door that was cut into its base. That door was open, and Tony's head was sticking out of the entrance to Maggie's place.

"Oh, thank everything that is holy and unholy ... Tony, you're here!!" I screamed. "Tim, look! It's Tony!"

Tim was still blubbering, but at least he seemed a little less unhinged. "Tony, oh, sweet Jesus, please get me down from here and take me back to my family. I don't want to be dragon kibble. I don't want to be roasted and put into a dragon risotto. I'd be bitter, I know I would! They'd hate it, but by the time they realized it, it'd be too late!"

Tony smiled in a mostly confused way. "What's he talking about?"

"Nothing. He's gone bananas. Just get us out of here. The dragon is coming."

The door opened wider and Tony leaned out. "I need you to come over here and take my hand. I can't step out of the Gray." He stretched his hand out towards me.

Nothing had ever looked so welcoming or loving in my life as his skinny arm did right now. "Tony, I want run over there right this second and grab your hand like you wouldn't believe, but there's a spell on this space in front of me, and I'm afraid if I try to come through it, I'm going to get stuck like Tim."

"A true roommate would get stuck with me!" yelled Tim. "Prove your love! Live the roommate code of honor! Get spelled, Jayne!"

"I can't help you if I'm trapped too, you turd monkey! Just relax." I had never seen Tim lose it so completely, and it was distressing me to no end. It was worse than seeing a parent fall apart. I'd experienced that once with my mom during her divorce, and it wasn't pretty. But Tim, the brave, fearless, former spy and kickass pixie losing it ... definitely worse. I heard a quick succession of farts coming from his direction. Yeah. Definitely, positively worse. Level 5 Defcon bad.

"Oh, great. Now I have gas. I hope you're happy with yourself, Jayne."

"You can't blame me for your intestinal problems. That's all on you, dude."

"He's got gas even in the Underworld?" asked Tony.

"STOP TALKING ABOUT MY HANDICAP!" yelled Tim, his voice reaching crystal-shattering pitch.

He abruptly fell out of the sky and landed on his back in the leaves below where he'd been suspended.

"What the hell just happened?" I asked, totally mystified.

Tim stood up and brushed himself off, taking a few moments to fix his hair. He cleared his throat and then flew up a few feet, doing several barrel rolls and midair somersaults, appearing to be testing his wings.

"Yeah, okay. This works." He turned to me with a huge grin on his face. "Broke the spell!"

"Was it your farts or your lady-screech that did it?" I asked, only partially kidding.

"Who cares? Let's go," he said, flying towards the door.

I took a big step to follow him, and too late, realized the spell hadn't been totally broken. I felt the noose slip around my ankle and draw itself up tight. I was flipped back onto my ass and quickly dragged through the rotted leaves towards the center of the clearing. "Aaahhh!! It's got me!! Help!!" I tried to dig my heels and fingers in, but all I did was stir up and cake the black, loamy soil onto my body and hands.

Tim flew over, buzzing around my face, but there was nothing he could do. Tony and Spike didn't move a muscle, but Tony's face registered the shock that was coming over him.

"Jayne! Holy crap!" he yelled, his mouth hanging open as he watched me go.

I could see as I was dragged across the forest floor that he had a death grip on the edge of the door. It had a weird comforting effect, knowing he was so worried about me. He's going to help me. I know he is. Tony would never let me down.

My stomach almost dropped out of my mouth when I was suddenly yanked up high into the air by my feet. A second later, I was dangling high above the ground, upside down, the blood immediately rushing to my head.

"Oh, shit, I'm gonna barf," I said. It was like the worst amusement park ride in the world: the Drag-n-Hang. My stomach burned and churned, threatening to loose itself on the forest floor.

"No! Don't spew!" yelled Tim. "It'll go into your nose and then your breath will be bad enough to kill a dragon."

The smell of strong sulfur hit my face just after he said that, making me laugh bitterly with the irony. "Sounds like a good plan to me."

"The dragon is coming," said demon-Spike, fear in his voice. "I wish to come with you into the void," he said, staring at Tony.

"Of course, Spike. How'd you get over here anyway?"

"That's not Spike!" I yelled. "It is but it isn't. But he has to come with us anyway so we can get the real Spike back."

"I'm really confused right now, Jayne," said Tony, his voice shaky.

"Me too. I don't really know totally what's going on here; but I do know this - if you don't get the three of us into that void with you within the next thirty seconds or so, we're all going to be dragon bait."

CHAPTER ELEVEN

TIM WAS FLYING ZIG-ZAGS in front of my face, speaking feverishly. "You gotta fart, Jayne. You've gotta break the spell. Fart for all you're worth! Fart, fart, fart! Let your butt sing!"

"I'm not going to do that, Tim!" The panic was taking hold of me, turning my insides to liquid. I thought I'd felt sick before, but I was wrong. Now I was feeling positively awful.

"What's he saying?" yelled Tony.

"He's telling me to fart! He thinks it will break the spell."

"Do it then!" Tony encouraged.

I couldn't believe my luck; if it weren't for bad luck, I'd have none at all. "I can't do that on command! And even if I could, I wouldn't!" I had a thing about that. No way was I exposing that part of my life to my guy-friends. No friggin way.

"Do it, Jayne. Seriously." Tony was looking up at the sky, fear etched in his face.

I decided to try the other possible spell-breaking trick. "La-la-la-LAAAAAAAAAA!!" I yelled, as high as I could.

"Oh, boy. She's really lost it now. We're doomed." Tim was making a sad face in front of me, moving his hands in the sign of the cross over and over again.

"I'm not losing it. I'm trying to break the spell. Yell again, Tim. Yell like you did earlier!"

The sulfur smell was overwhelming now, and the dragon roared again, making me wonder what kind of freaky magic was making a sheepdog smell so friggin strong and sound so damn awful. I was pretty sure the sound I'd just heard had come not from a sheepdog, but from a T-Rex.

Tim opened his mouth and sang loudly and shrilly. "Tra-la-laaaaaa, tra-la-laaaaa!"

"Louder!" I yelled, the anxiety nearly choking me, making my voice go higher.

"TRA-LA-LAAAAAAA!"

"Fart, Tim! Fart!" I yelled, panic lacing my voice. The fact that I was begging my roommate to pass gas right in front of my face showed how desperate I was.

"How dare you suggest I do such a thing," he said, sniffing and turning away from me.

I pleaded with him, close to tears now. "Tim, I hardly ever ask you to do anything for me, and I never ask you to do this. But I'm begging you now. Fart! Blow your butt smoke like you've never done before! Set me free with your gas!"

"You're making me too nervous!" he yelled, spinning back around and glancing with panic at the sky, stopping every half a second to strain and grunt, twisting and bending his torso around.

"You're never too nervous to fart!" I growled at him. "Please, for the love of all faedom, put me in the gas chamber. Light up the night, Tim. Show us what you've got."

"Errrrr .... mmmm ... can't ... do it ... aaahhhh ... eeeee ... errrr ..." Tim's face was turning beet red with his exertions.

I heard the beating of mighty wings before I saw them. My brain was short-circuiting, unable to jibe the dragons I knew from the tapestry with the sounds I was hearing behind me.

I twisted mightily against my invisible noose, unsuccessfully trying to turn myself around. Despite my best efforts, which included a strained rib muscle, I remained upside down, facing Tony.

Tim looked up from his attempts to break wind and screeched, flying away and zooming down to join Tony at the door as he yelled, "She's gonna fry! She's gonna fry! Do something, wrathe-boy!"

"Jayne, look out!" Tony yelled, cringing behind the door.

Spike disappeared into the trees, sprinting without looking back.

"Coward!" I yelled after him, struggling gamely against the spell keeping me trussed up like a pheasant, ignoring the pain coming from my side. "I'm gonna kick your friggin ass when I see you again, demon-Spike!"

A hot gust of air hit the back of my body, bringing with it the most awful odor of boiled eggs I've ever had the misfortune to smell, making me cease my struggles and freeze every muscle in my body. I battled to conquer the quickly suffocating disgust and fear, breathing in deeply to calm myself.

The horrible odor filling my nostrils made me want to vomit. "Holy f**k, what is that smell?" I whisper-yelled to Tony. My eyes darted left and right, trying to see what was dying and possibly decomposing behind me. The thought of a zombie dragon crossed my mind, but I quickly erased it, knowing the reality couldn't possibly be that bad.

Tony's face had gone white. I knew things were really bad when Tim hid in the top of Tony's hair, shaking like a leaf. He hated Tony's hair almost as much as he hated Scrum's.

"Tim, did you just pee on me?" asked Tony in a quavering voice.

"I think so," said Tim.

I was nearly paralyzed with fear now. "It's behind me, isn't it?" I asked, my words coming out as mewling sobs. "What is it? A dinosaur? A pterodactyl? A corpse? A zombie?"

Tony nodded first and shook his head second, pulling back farther behind the door, only the top of his head and eyes peeking out now. I could just barely see Tim's face above the poof of Tony's hair that was still showing.

Knowing that whatever was going to happen was inevitable and out of my hands at this point, I finally got a bit of control over my fear and broke the paralysis that had temporarily taken over my body. I yanked myself back and forth, trying to turn around and face my nemesis. If I were going to die by dragon breath or dragon bite, then I wanted to see it coming. Having the beast that would end my life behind my back was too friggin awful, creepy, and wrong, wrong, wrong. No one should have to die in the blind like this.

Another hot breath hit me, the currents of air pushing me in a slow circle.

I stopped struggling and just watched the trees and branches spin around, the ground being connected to the bottom of the trees that seemed to be floating above my head made me even more disoriented than I already was.

It was when I was three-quarters of the way around that I finally realized how deep the shit was. And I was standing in it without any waders on.

"Oh. My. Friggin. G. You are not a sheepdog."

I was facing it now. The T-Rex. The T-Rex motherfucking dinosaur dragon that was about the size of my mother's house, black smoke trailing out of its nostrils and rising up in weird shapes that looked like phantoms of evil, haunting its frightening face.

It huffed one more time, sending tendrils of the black stuff up around my face. It stank like burnt boiled egg.

"Oh, Jesus H. Smith, that is some nasty shit!" I yelled, without even thinking. I knew I was dead, so a piece of my barely functioning brain had apparently decided that manners had no place in my life anymore; they were too much effort when I was so focused on how much pain was going to be involved in my passing. It was bad enough this beast was going to eat me, but that it was going to choke me on rotten egg-breath first? That was too much.

"Tim we need to get this beast some mouthwash."

I could hear whispering behind me, but not well enough to figure out what they were saying. I ignored them and studied the dragon closely instead, as I tried to come up with a plan to either escape or make peace with my maker so I wouldn't have to be a permanent resident here in the Underworld.

Its hide was black - blacker than black. It was so dark, it looked like darkness Itself. "You're The Dark of Blackthorn," I said matter-of-factly, putting the pieces together. "Nice to meet you. I'm Jayne Blackthorn." I held out a hand, which mostly just flopped down to hang above my head. All the blood leaving most of my body to go to my brain and face was causing me to have very little control of my limbs.

It opened its huge mouth and breathed out a monstrously big wall of fire at me, roaring at the same time. It was like a full-speed-ahead freight train had exploded in my face, screeching its whistle as it blew up into a million pieces.

I closed my eyes as soon as I saw the first lick of fire coming from its black throat, readying myself for the pain. I'm about to be the ash that Garrett was so worried about becoming himself. Goodbye eyebrows. Goodbye hair. Goodbye face. Goodbye cruel world.

The agony I fully expected to annihilate me both physically and mentally never came. Just a bit of heat washed over me that was a little uncomfortable, but probably only because my face was already too hot. Once I felt it pass and the roaring had subsided, I opened my eyes.

The dragon's head was cocked to the side. It looked so much like a confused dog, I had to grin.

"Surprised ya with that one, didn't I?" I started laughing, feeling like I'd stared death in the face and won, big time. Adrenaline and other really good brain chemicals rushed into my blood stream, taking control of my mouth and making me momentarily forget where I was. "Whoo hoooo!!! I'm fireproof, motherfucker!!! Go ahead. Blast me again, beast monster." I lost my humor for a moment and stared him down, narrowing my eyes with the anger I felt at him trying to roast me alive. "I'm just gonna laugh."

"Jayne, do not taunt the dragon," yelled Tim. "They are very, very prideful creatures."

"Pride, my ass. He doesn't even have any teeth." I pulled Blackie out of my sheath and wiggled it out in front of him, my circulation-challenged limb looking like it belonged to a two-year-old. "Lookie here, dragon. I got your tooth." I laughed maniacally.

He blasted me again, but this time I didn't even shut my eyes. The inside of the flames were amazing - oranges and reds and even yellows and blues. They reminded me of Ben, the best part of him. I inhaled and exhaled slowly, appreciating the beauty and the comfortable warmth. It went on for at least a full minute, with the train whistle and everything.

When the beast was finally done trying to grill me alive, he let the flames die down to black smoke again and moved his face in closer.

Whereas the fire-breathing thing hadn't really bothered me so much, this did. I'm not sure why, but dragon faces, even without fangs attached to them, were seriously freaky to me. I could see each individual scale up close now. They were like black holes, sucking in any light that got near them. He had horns, sharp ones, that sat above his very large and protruding eye-ridge bones. He had huge, bulging muscles beneath his scale-armor and claws that were big enough to fit at least three dwarves on each one, if they were skewered side-by-side. His nose got almost to my face and then it sniffed, inhaling until my forehead was pressed onto one of his nostrils. I could feel my hair being drawn into his nasal passages, like a giant vacuum cleaner was sucking me in, and I nearly gagged with the fear and the smells that swirled around my face.

When he finished inhaling and the suction died down, a foreign voice entered my head. Give me what isssss mine.

I swallowed nervously several times before I could respond. "Do you mean your tooth?"

"Who are you talking to, Jayne?" asked Tony.

"The dragon. He's in my head."

"Oh, damn. She's a goner. Allllll ready to be checked into the looney bin," said my roommate. "Did you happen to bring a straightjacket with you, Tony? I ... no, never mind. He's going to eat her anyway. No jacket necessary."

I'm not sure why I hadn't considered the dragon eating me before he said that, but now that the idea was in my head, I couldn't let it go. Holy bat balls ... I taunted a friggin dragon. What is my problem? Why do I not see the jaws of death when they are staring me in the face? I decided then and there that when this thing was over, I was going to get myself some serious therapy. Just because he hadn't been able to fry me was no reason to be getting all cocky. This beast could kill me in at least five different ways that I quickly calculated. I'd never been so good at math. My intestines churned some more.

The voice came again. Yesssss. Give me what issss mine.

"Uh, no. It's mine now. You can't have it." I wasn't sure what the deal was exactly with dragon fangs, but I remembered Gregale saying something about how they were sacrificed to the only one superior to the dragon - that person being his slayer. And my fang was given by this dragon to Shayla, and then it was given to me by default.

If there was a situation where a dragon had asked for and gotten his tooth back from anyone, I hadn't heard about it. And I sure wasn't cool with the idea of giving him something that could turn me into a shish kebab, so I decided to just deny, deny, deny, and say no, no, no ... no matter what he said or did. Something told me that this tooth was the only thing standing between life and death for me in the Underworld.

He roared again, obviously very unhappy with being fangless. And when he did that, I noted that he wasn't exactly toothless. He had about a hundred very sharp ones in there, any one of which could end me in seconds. The fang, I decided, was pretty much just decoration.

"Listen, I don't mean to be rude, Mister Dark, but you gave up your fangs fair and square. I can't give them back to you unless Shayla says to. So, maybe later, okay? In the meantime, I need to get back to my friends in the Here and Now. Go ahead and feel free to fly back to your cave or whatever." I waved him away, my empty-blooded hand flapping around in front of me for a few seconds before hanging limply down beneath my head. I didn't have the strength to hold it up anymore.

The dragon huffed at me once, sending more black smoke and stink into my face, and then it lifted its head up to the sky, letting out a weird trumpeting sound followed by a flame fountain that he spit up into the sky so high, I couldn't see the top of it. Ashes rained down around me.

"Oh, shit. That does not look good," I said to no one in particular, trying to lift my head and watch the flaming light show above me - or below me. I couldn't tell which way was up anymore. My head was pounding with too much blood.

Spike had appeared on the edge of the clearing again, stopping behind a tree. He shouted out from his hiding spot, "He is calling his mate! You had better free yourself and fast! She has all of her teeth, and she is quite unpredictable in her moods!"

The little bit of confidence I'd gained with this particular dragon drained out of me immediately. I struggled anew, trying to loosen the hold the spell had on me. I was feeling sick and headachy from the blood pooling in my head. I knew I didn't have much longer. I was either going to die by dragon bite or by stroke.

"Jayne, please, fart like you've never farted before. And sing! Sing as high as you can! Like a bird!" yelled Tim from the safety of Tony's hair.

I sang like a choking eagle. My voice went as high as I could make it go, but it didn't even come close to the pitch Tim had used earlier. I was crying again too, which did nothing for my voice quality.

"Tim, please sing for me!" I wailed. "I'm going to die up here! I don't want to die yet!"

Tim stayed where he was, but he sang and sang and sang for me. "OOHHH, THE DRAGON IS COMINNNNNG AND SHE'S GOING TO EEEAAAT MY ROOMMAAAATE AND I WILL CRRYYYYYY MYSELF TO SLEEEEP EVERY NIIIIGHT FOR A WEEEEK, AT LEEEASSST ... OHHHH DRAAAGON, DRAAAAGON, EEEEAT HER FAST SO SHE DOESN'T SUFFER TOO MUUUUUUCH!"

Nothing was working. I was still stuck.

The sulfur smell doubled in potency.

The sounds of flapping, leathery wings filled my ears.

Wind rushed around me and sent me twirling out of control, the world spinning around and around, making me sicker than I already was.

I panicked.

I farted.

I shrieked in humiliation.

And the bonds around my ankles disappeared, and I fell from the noose, landing painfully on my right shoulder in the leaves.

"Run, Jayne! RUN!" yelled Tony.

I crawled as fast as I could towards my friends, my feet and legs too numb to stand and my one shoulder nearly buckling with the pain. Fuck me, f**k me, f**k me, I chanted in my head as I got closer and closer to the door, my legs and one usable hand scrabbling in the leaves and dirt. I panted and cried at the same time, sounding like a wounded unhinged puppy.

Two screams rent the air behind me - a chorus of angry dragons, ready to tear my bottom half off as I tried to get away.

I saw a blur out of the corner of my eye, and before I could figure out what it was, I felt myself leave the ground, picked up into the air.

I screamed bloody murder, knowing I was about to be eaten. Goodbye, Here and Now. It's been real.

But then I fell through the door in the tree, landing in Tony's arms, a heavy weight at my back. The door slammed shut behind me and everything went dead silent. When the dizziness had finally passed and I could hear beyond the loud beating of my frantic heart, I realized ... Spike had carried me inside and delivered me into the void.

CHAPTER TWELVE

IT TOOK ME A WHILE to get my breath back. My stomach still rolled around uncomfortably inside me, but I slowly forced the sickness away. This was no time to lose my lunch. From the look of things and the weird vibes I was getting in this dark place, we were not out of danger yet. I worried about the troll that demon-Spike had mentioned.

"I haven't been in the Gray in over fifty years," said Tim in a quiet voice. "I can see they haven't done anything to spruce up the place since I've been gone."

"Yeah. No interior decorating spirits here for sure," said Tony, standing and reaching down to pull me up. The dim light that was coming from somewhere unknown outlined his form, giving me enough illumination to see his outstretched hand.

I grabbed it and winced as I stood, my sore muscles on my ribs protesting with a burning pain. "Fuck balls, that hurts."

"Do you have a headache?" he asked.

"That and I hurt my ribs, too. I think I pulled something."

"Can you walk okay?"

"I can carry you, if you wish," said demon-Spike.

"No, I can walk. Come on. Let's get the hell out of here." I shuffled forward, not yet trusting my legs to work properly.

"Jayne, I'm going to ride the mule if you don't mind. I feel some hungry spirits in here," said Tim, his voice wavering a little. He landed on my arm and crawled up the rest of the way up to my ear. "Put your hair down so I can hide. Oh, and nice one back there. You totally blew that dragon away." He giggled at his pun.

"Shut up." I knew I was never going to live that down. Even if I tried to pretend it never happened, Tim would probably be talking about it into the next century.

"Who knew elemental gas was so powerful? I guess we shouldn't be surprised."

"Tim, I swear to all that is holy, if you keep talking about my escape..."

"Seriously, though," said Tony. "All kidding aside ... how did you break that spell? Was it really your intestinal problems? Or your magical singing voice? I wasn't sure if that was you or if someone was plucking a very large and very unhappy turkey nearby."

"First of all, I don't have intestinal problems, okay? I mean, fine, alright, if you had a couple of dragons at your back, your stomach might get a little queasy. Is that a crime?"

"To be scared shitless? No," said Tony, giggling a little.

I punched him in the arm.

"Ow."

"I don't know what broke the spell. Ask the demon next to you."

Tony abruptly stopped walking, causing me to bump into his back.

"Hey! Warn me when you're going to stop next time. I'm on the injured list here in case you forgot." I shoved him slightly, trying to get him away from me so he wouldn't jiggle my sore ribs again, but all I succeeded in doing was make it hurt worse.

"Sorry. I just wasn't expecting you to say that word: Demon."

"You have nothing to fear from me, wrathe," said demon-Spike. "I know you are my passage-maker. I will not harm you."

"Uhhhh, good. Thanks, I think," said Tony, walking again. "So we don't have far to go, but I have to give you guys some advice, or ground rules before we go much farther, okay?"

"Sure. Do whatever you can to keep me out of trouble," I said. "I'll do whatever you say."

"First, no engaging with any spirits. Don't talk to them, don't touch them, try not to let them touch you ... and no matter what, don't let them kiss you."

"Kiss of death," whispered Tim in a spooky voice.

"Tim says it's the kiss of death. Is that true?" I asked. That would be just my luck, to escape the Underworld and run into a kiss that would send me right back.

"Not exactly, but close enough," said Tony. "Just keep physical contact with me somewhere, and I'll guide you out."

I immediately grabbed Tony's hand and felt Tim's weight leave my shoulder as he switched riders.

"Sorry, Jayne, but I'm not taking any chances."

"No worries, pixieman. I'd ride on Tony's shoulder too if I could fit."

We moved along a passageway I couldn't see. Cold things brushed by me, each one giving me a new set of goosebumps. I shrank my body inwardly as much as I could, trying to follow Tony's instructions about not letting the Gray spirits touch me.

Tony kept moving forward, giving no sign that he was feeling what I was.

"I cannot imagine why any soul would choose to remain here rather than going on to the other realms," said the Spike who wasn't really Spike. "Even the Underworld is better than this haunted dimension."

"I agree," said Tony. "But each soul or spirit has its reason for being tortured or restless. I try not to get too involved in what they do here. I found it has some bad side effects."

"Like what?" I asked. "Dead spots?"

"That and a loss of purpose. After you spend some time in here you start to forget what you even came for or what was important to you. A person could get lost in the Gray or turned around in a very bad direction."

"Sounds like high school to me," I said.

Tony laughed. "It wasn't that bad, Jayne, come on."

"The hell it wasn't. All those teachers sucking the life out of me, making me forget what was important to me and trying to force their agenda down our throats. Come on ... the parallels are undeniable."

"For you, maybe. It wasn't that way for me."

"Pfft. That's because you were going to rule the world someday. High school was made for kids like you. I was just trying to have some fun and be myself."

"And now look what's happened. You're ruling the world, and I'm the one goofing around in the Gray."

"Hardly," I said. "If I were in charge of the world, we'd all be in some serious shit."

"No, I can't. That wouldn't be right," said Tim.

I frowned, trying to figure out where that answer fit into our conversation. "What did you just say, Tim?"

"But if she was hurt by it, I'd never forgive myself," he said.

"Tim, are you talking to me?" I was so confused.

"Tim!" said Tony sharply. "I told you not to engage!"

I felt up Tony's arm to his shoulder, trying to grab hold of my wayward friend.

"Okay, if you say so," Tim continued. "But you know, if she gets mad at me, I'm going to blame you."

"He's talking to a spirit. Get him, Jayne!"

I snatched Tim's little body off Tony's shoulder, knowing it was going to piss him off; but no way was I going to lose my friend in this nasty void.

"Unhand me, you giant beast!" he screeched. "You're ruining my hair!" He sounded more like my roommate already.

"Be quiet, troublemaker. You broke the rules. Now you're going to pay the piper." I turned my voice towards where I thought Tony was. "What should I do with him?"

"Put him somewhere he can't escape from but where he won't be hurt. We'll be out of here soon."

With lightning speed I considered all the possible pixie jails at my disposal. There was my pocket, which I ruled out immediately as a great way to crush at least his wings if not his whole body since these pants weren't the loosest pair I owned. My moccasin wasn't any good either because I'd never be able to keep him contained in there. I chose the last resort, knowing he was going to be super cranky with me later, but there was a little bit of poetic justice going on for me in my head, getting him back for not only suggesting that I use my assets to cause a cataclysmic event but also in advance for the hard time I knew he was going to give me over my escape from the dragons. Plus, it had sure sounded like he was about to sell me out or do something that would piss me off, so he totally had it coming.

"Get in there, you little punk," I said, shoving him down into my sports bra. No ghost would follow him into my cle**age, I was sure of it.

I could feel him scrabbling around in there and shouting something, but his words were too muffled to make out. I pressed the top of my bra down to my chest so he couldn't slip out of any gaps.

"Where'd he go?" asked Tony.

"Never mind. Just get us the hell out of here."

I ignored the whispers that came more urgently to my ear and the cold ribbons of restless souls sliding across my skin. I took shallow breaths, even worried about the possibility of taking one of them home in my lungs.

"We're almost there. Spike, or errr, guy pretending to be Spike, I need you to agree to something before I bring you out on the other side."

"By all means. I will do whatever I can to please you, Passage-Maker."

"You have to agree to submit yourself to the council of the Fae when we arrive, and you also must agree not to disappear or leave the Here and Now without their permission."

"As you wish," he said.

I wasn't sure if we could trust him or not, so I added my little piece. "And if you break that promise to my friend, I'll hunt you down and mess you up myself."

His voice was suddenly very close to my ear, sending even more shivers through my body. "I would expect nothing less of the Mother."

I felt like growling at him but held myself back. The spirits were getting more agitated, and the last thing I needed to do right now was get distracted or feed their unrest.

I saw a flash of light ahead, and then it disappeared. A moment later, it came back again, but higher up. It was like a sliver of yellow, blinking in and out, sometimes up at my face-level, and other times down lower, at our knees. It was like a curtain covering a sunny window, swaying in the breeze, sometimes blocking the light and sometimes not.

"We're here," said Tony, breathing out an audible sigh of relief. "All you need to do is go through the seam there. Keep your fingers open and shake off any hangers-on you feel before you step out."

I watched demon-Spike go through first. As he pushed aside the veil separating the two realms, for brief moment his form was bathed in brilliant light; and then he disappeared and the light winked out as the curtain closed behind him.

"I hope you don't mind if I go first, Jayne. I've reached my limit for time in here. I'm worried about dead spots again."

"Holy shit, Tones, go!" I yelled, pushing him towards the seam.

He half-fell and half-stepped through, leaving Tim and me alone in the Gray.

"Well, Tim, here we go. Shake off the bad guys and don't even think about dragging anybody out of here with us." I took a step forward and had one leg partially out, when I was suddenly grabbed from behind and yanked back in.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

"I REALLY WISH YOU WOULD stay a while longer," said a voice from my left that I knew only too well. The hands that belonged to someone standing behind me had both of my upper arms in a tight squeeze. I could feel claws through the material of my tunic. They hadn't dug in yet, but the threat was there. Troll!

"Who is that?" came Tim's muffled voice from my bra. "Where am I? Why do I smell sweat in here?"

Ignoring Tim, I said, "I'd love to stay and chat, but I have somewhere important to be." I kicked my foot backwards, making contact with the troll's leg.

"Bring her back in with us. I have a few things I'd like to show her."

"Go to hell, Leck. Oh, wait ... looks like you're already here," I said, slowly reaching my hand down to find my weapon at my leg. The hands holding me didn't stop me, which gave me a flash of hope that I might still make it out in one piece.

"Oh my god ... I'm in your bra aren't I?" said Tim, sounding panicked. "Holy giant boob alert! Help! S.O.S! Rescue party needed, stat!"

I grabbed the top of the dragon fang and pulled it out inch by inch. It might not have any dragonfire power in it here, but it was still a pretty sharp stick and was probably worth at least a good eye-poking or possible clubbing over the head. I was willing to give it a shot, anyway. I continued to ignore not only Tim's panicked cries for help but also his pummeling of my boobs.

"You think you are so intelligent, don't you?" mocked Leck. "But of course, how could you be, when you're so fundamentally wrong about not only where I am, but about everything else you've ever assumed from the moment you took your first step as a changeling?"

"Well, not everyone can be as smart as you, Leck. Or as ugly." I threw my arms up to dislodge the grip the troll side-kick had on me and spun around, swinging my club out in front of me.

It made contact with the side of someone's head with a nice solid thunk. I didn't know whose it was until I heard the roar of unhappiness that followed. Definitely troll screams. Damn. Not Leck. I took a step back towards the seam, swinging the weapon in front of me to the left and right like a giant sword. It made whooshing sounds giving me a weird sense of security. It might be mostly powerless, but at least it sounded badass.

"Stay the hell back or I'm gonna knock you into next week. I played softball, you know! I know how to hit home runs like nobody's business!"

"Take her. The dark has no power here."

I felt hands grab me from behind, but didn't fight them off. They were coming from the seam where I knew or hoped my friends were waiting.

At the same moment I felt their hands on me, the troll reached out for me too - I could see the outline of his clawed, meaty fist with the light that was leaking through from the Here and Now. The left side of my body was out of the Gray now, but the rest of it was still in.

I swung my weapon as my body leaned backwards, being pulled from behind. Blackie made contact with the troll's fist and sent up a huge fireworks display of blue sparks, a loud sizzle and stink mixing in with the screams of the monster that was in obvious pain.

"That's right, troll-demon shithead!" I shouted, thrilled that Blackie was back in business. "Dragonfire! In yo face!"

Before I could deliver the punishing blows I had pictured in my mind as my next moves, I felt myself yanked backwards into the Here and Now, the curtain between the realms falling closed behind me.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

I LANDED ON MY BACK, Tony cushioning my fall underneath me.

"What was that all about?" he grunted from the ground, breathing heavily.

I sat up, brushing my arms and thighs off, taking my time answering him, reveling in the fact that not only was I alive, but I was unscathed and back in the Here and Now.

"Do you mind, Jayne?"

I turned around to look at Tony's red face, his head still flat on the ground.

"Mind what?"

"Getting up!" he yelled, pushing weakly on my butt and lower back.

I smiled, taking my time with rolling away from him. "Oh, I'm sorry. Am I squashing you?" Once I was off I answered his question. "I had a little meeting with Leck and a troll friend of his." I stood, trying to remove the bits of grass and leaf that were stuck to every part of my pants. I reached under my sleeves, finding some on the back of my arms, too. I plucked at my tunic, trying to get them off.

"Leck's in the Gray?" Tony asked, being helped to his feet by demon-Spike.

"Yeah. Nice, eh? It totally suits him."

I felt a scratching in my bra. "Oh, shit. I forgot. Sorry, Tim." I reached into my shirt and opened the top of my bra, intending to fish him out; but before I could even get my hand in, he flew out on his own. And man, oh man, was he mad.

"How dare you put me in your bra ... of all places! Do you have any idea how sweaty your cle**age is? Do you have any idea the amount of oxygen there is in there? Not enough, Jayne, not enough." He fake-heaved a few times in midair.

I tried to look contrite, but it was impossible. He was having the worst hair day he'd probably ever had in, like, a hundred years. I only wished I had a mirror to show him.

"Why are you smiling?!" he shouted. "Do you like torturing small defenseless fae? Perhaps that's the reason you were sent to the Underworld, have you ever thought of that?"

"Uh, Tim? Your hair is seriously f**ked up. Just thought you should know."

His mouth froze in mid-bitching. He slowly reached his hands up to the sides of his head, his palms making contact way sooner than he expected with the hair sticking out above his ears.

"Huh? Wha...?! What have you done to me?!" he screeched, flying away, his hands crazily slapping the sides and top of his head in an effort to control his electrified hair. He disappeared in the distance.

"What's wrong with him?" asked Tony with a bemused expression, watching Tim go.

"I guess I messed up his hair too much. Plus, apparently he's not a fan of my cle**age."

Tony lifted an eyebrow. "I can imagine."

I punched him in the arm. "Shut up and stop talking about my boobs; I'm feeling violated."

"As if," he said, laughing lightly. "But seriously, what happened to you? How'd you end up in the Underworld in the first place?"

I put my arm through Tony's and pulled him along, heading back towards the compound. "That, my friend, is an excellent question. Let's go ask someone smarter than us. Maybe we'll be able to get some answers there, because I sure as hell don't have any."

"How'd you break that hanging spell?"

"If you ask me again, I'm going to pound you, Tony," I said in a very calm voice.

"I'll ask Gregale, then."

I jerked hard on his arm as I kept walking. "You will do no such thing. We're going to forget it ever happened."

Tony laughed. "Whatever you say, bossy pants."

I had the distinct impression he was going to ignore my order. "You'd better listen to me, Baloney Head."

"Or what?"

"Or I'll ... shove you into my cle**age or something."

"Oh, gross. Are you trying to make me vomit right now?"

I laughed, pulling him along faster. "Hey! My cle**age isn't that bad!"

Demon-Spike, who'd been walking along quietly behind us said, "Spike agrees with you on that."

I stopped walking and spun around, having just remembered he was there and still possessing my friend's body. "Hey! Listen up, demon guy! I want my friend back, whole, and not with your personality or whatever inside it. So what do we need to do to make that happen?" I planted my hands on my hips, ready to get angry if necessary.

Becky appeared without any warning at all, just to the right of me.

"Aaack!" I screamed, jumping to the side. "Shit, Becky! What the hell!" My heart was instantly set to racing again, and just when it had gone back to a normal rhythm. I rested my hand on my chest for a few seconds, trying to get my pulse under control.

Once I'd accomplished that mission, I stepped over and slapped Becky's arm. "Stop doing that, Beck. You gonna give me a friggin heart attack one day."

"Sooooo-rryyyy! I'm just coming to inform you that the council wants to see you guys. Both of you," she said, pointing to Tony and then me. "Where've you been anyway? Everyone's been back in the compound for hours."

"We've been tied up, messenger girl. You can go tell the council that I'll be there after I've had a shower and changed my clothes. I have dragon breath all over me."

Becky wrinkled her nose. "Is that what I smell?"

Tony giggled.

I narrowed my eyes at him. "One word, Tony. Just one word, and it's lights out for you. I'm serious."

He held up his hands in surrender and didn't say anything. He just kept laughing, occasionally biting his bottom lip to keep from doing it out loud.

I shook my head in defeat. There is no way I'm getting out of this clean. Everyone's going to know I farted my way to freedom. Life was so unfair sometimes.

I left Tony to take care of demon-Spike and went with Becky into the compound towards my room.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

BECKY FOLLOWED ME ALL THE way to my room, chattering away, not even caring if I was answering or not. If it took longer than two seconds for me to say anything, she just changed the subject and started talking again about something else.

"Beck?" I asked, as we reached my door.

"Yeah?"

"You realize I heard absolutely nothing you said the entire way here, right?"

"Yeah, I was getting that feeling. But that's okay. Sometimes I just need to hear myself talking to relax."

"Most people relax with silence," I said, smiling at her nuttiness.

"Some people are not as interesting as water sprites. We love sounds. Quiet is boring."

"Well, no one could ever accuse you of being boring, then," I said, pulling Blackie and its sheath off my leg and waist as I walked through the foyer and into the sitting room.

"Jayne?" came a voice from the garden area.

I stopped walking, frozen with guilt. Abby. "Uh, yeah?"

"Could you come over here for a minute?"

I cringed. "Can it wait? I have to shower and get to a council meeting."

"It will only take a second," she said. She was hovering over the top of her bedroom, above the plants that sat on a round table where I'd put their furniture.

I sighed heavily, turning to walk in her direction. It was time to face the music. I felt like I was walking to the hangman's gallery.

"Are you in trouble?" whispered Becky, walking along next to me.

"Probably," I whispered back.

I reached the table and peered down at whatever had Abby's attention. "What's up?"

She pointed to her bed. There was a big lump under the covers.

"What's that?" I asked, confused. "Willy?"

"No. That's my husband."

"Is that Tim? What's he doing?" asked Becky, sounding just as lost as I felt.

"I'm not certain," said Abby, "but I think he might be having a nervous breakdown."

I rolled my eyes. "Oh, for shit's sake, Tim, get out of there." I reached down and grabbed the edge of the covers, ignoring Abby's protests. I pulled the blanket back and screamed at what I saw.

"I tried to warn you," said Abby, not sounding at all apologetic.

"My eyes!" I yelled, dropping the blanket and backing up a step. "Oh, my eyes! They're burning!"

"Jayne, that is just so, so wrong," said Becky standing next to me. She was staring at the far wall now. "The poor guy's naked."

"I'm not a man! I'm a pixie!" yelled Tim, about two octaves higher than normal.

I peeked between the fingers that I'd pressed to my face. "Oh, good. You're decent now." He'd wrapped the blanket around himself. "Get your clothes on, pixieman, we have a council meeting to go to."

"I'm not invited," he said, scowling as he threw himself back down on the bed in a face-plant. "There's no point," he said into the covers. "I'm just going to stay here for the rest of the week. Maybe for the month, I haven't decided yet."

Abby sighed. "He scared Willy. I have to go find him out in the garden."

"What'd he do?" I asked.

"He flew around yelling about his hair and something he called gigantor boobs and all manner of things. I take it your attempts at sending the demons back to the Underworld didn't go as well as you'd planned."

"Um, no. Not exactly. We took a little detour into the Underworld and the Gray."

Abby just shook her head, giving me a disapproving look before flying away.

"She looks super upset," said Becky.

"Yeah, she does."

"Like, at you."

"Yeah, I got that, Becky. Thanks," I said, frowning at her.

"Do you think she's going to move out?"

"I hope not," I said quietly. And it was true. If Tim weren't there to harass me every day and remind me about what I should be doing and caring about, I didn't know what I'd do.

"Come on, Tim. I'm serious. No more cutting pixies out of the equation. We're a team. You're going to the meeting; I don't care what they say."

He peeked his head out of the blanket, his hair poking out all over the place. "Do you mean it?"

"Of course I mean it. But if you think I'm going to beg, you can forget it. Either cover up your pixie parts and get your ass out here, or I'm leaving without you."

"Why is my conscience telling me to stay under these covers and never come out again?"

"Because it's protecting you from my terrible luck. You should probably listen to it." I knew later, if I screwed something up and he got in the middle again, I'd feel guilty if I weren't totally being honest with him right now. "Truth is, if you stick with me, you're going to end up in places you shouldn't, getting in trouble with dragons and demons, and suffering some seriously bad hair days."

"So what you're saying is, I could stay here with Abby and Willy and have gorgeous hair all the time."

"Yeah. Pretty much." When he said it like that, I could see why he'd tell me to kiss off. I prepared myself for the inevitable.

"And what you're also saying is, that I'm never going to stare death in the face again. Never fly by the seat of my pants, pixying bad guys to save the world. Never fart in the face of a dragon and escape into the Gray with the Mother of the fae, a geeky wrathe, and a demon-possessed incubus?"

"Uh, yeah. For sure none of that will ever happen."

He threw the covers back and strode over to his dresser. "Well, screw that. I'm not ready for retirement yet."

Becky nudged me with her elbow. "I take it he's coming with you." She kept her eyes on me or the ceiling, seeing as how Tim was once again flashing us his pixie butt.

I was grinning so much I could hardly stand it. "Yeah, I think he is."

"But what about his wife and son? Isn't he worried about them?" Becky looked out towards the garden. "Aren't they going to be worried about him?"

She had a point. I tried not to let it bother me, but the guilt was coming for me again. "Tim, maybe you should stay behind. You know, be a husband and father kind of guy." I risked look down at him, and luckily, he had his pants on now and had slicked down half of his hair. The other half remained sticking straight out to the side.

He turned to look at me, his hands on his hips. "Jayne, I don't stop being those things when I'm with you, fighting evil. I become a better dad, a better husband. What kind of pixie would I be if I ran from danger and ignored my duty to the fae? What kind of example would I be setting for my son? What kind of provider would I be, hiding in the garden with my wife? She'd kick me out in a week. No she-pixie wants a wimp for a husband. That's a fact. You can ask her."

"Plus, you could get out of all that babysitting stuff," I added.

"You ain't kidding," said Tim, peering into his mirror as he slicked down the other side of his hair, getting it exactly right. "Don't get me wrong; I love my boy more than life itself. But a man can only play so many games of spider nakie and hide the polly balls in Lellamental's nose before he has to have a break."

My nose twitched. "Oh. My. God."

"What?" asked Becky, nudging me again. "What'd he say?"

"You don't want to know. I don't even want to know. I'm going to forget you even said that, you turd monkey." The idea that Tim had participated in the hide-the-polly-balls game made me want to shove him back into my cle**age.

He giggled, winking at himself in the mirror and shooting a play-gun at his reflection. "That's right, pay back is my bitch. Try and pull one over on the old Timster and see what happens! Ha!"

"He looks happy," said Becky. "I hope that's a good thing."

"It is and it isn't." I left him there to go get myself ready. "Come talk to me while I get showered and changed, Becks. It's been too long since we've shared."

"You're not kidding. You have missed so much gossip it's not even funny."

I went into my room and grabbed some clean clothes out of my dresser and a towel. "Tell me. Start from the beginning."

She followed me into the bathroom and sat on the closed toilet lid. "Okay, so, first of all, you know Tony and Felicia are like, an item, right? Well, Theresa was acting like she was all okay with it. But then they had this big fight and now they're not talking to each other at all. Like, not a word. So things are super tense in succubus land. Tony tried to help, but all he did was make it worse."

"But I thought he was, you know, with both of them or whatever."

"Nah. They offered, but he's a one-girl kind of guy. He chose Felicia and essentially kicked Theresa to the curb."

"Ouch, that had to hurt."

"For serious. And then there's Scrum and Aidan. I don't know, something Aidan said got Scrum all worked up, so they had a total wrestling match, right there in the dining hall. Tables and chairs were flyyyyying! I was, like, whaaaat?? No one knows what he said, but whatever. Scrum was fit to be tied as Finn says. They're avoiding each other now, but Aidan growls whenever he smells Scrum around."

"What's up with Finn anyway?" I asked. "Are you guys still, you know, together or whatever?"

"Of course. He's hooked. I'm hooked. It's love, Jayne. Can you believe it? I mean, he's like a total country boy, but I think he's adorable. And you know he's the best shot in the Green Forest. He can shoot the leaf off a tree from a hundred yards out."

"I know. He's badass with the arrows."

"You don't even want to see him throw knives. I'm thinking we could do a traveling circus thing if this fae stuff doesn't work out." She smiled at me like a loon.

"You're happy," I said, shutting the water off. "That's awesome." I'd just soaped up and rinsed off. There was no time for me to do my hair.

"Yeah. Happy as we can be with the realms falling down around our ears right now."

"Any more stuff going on since I was last around? With Ben or anything?"

"Yeah, well, I saw him, but we didn't talk. He seems very preoccupied. He's kept to himself since you disappeared."

"What do you mean, disappeared? I've only been gone a few hours."

"Uh, no, Jayne. You've been gone for, like, two days. And Tony for about half that time. Everyone's been in a bit of a panic, you might say."

I thought about that for a minute, but then decided I wasn't surprised that time moved differently in the Underworld than it did here. Extra torture for the bad guys. A thousand years in the Here and Now was like five or ten thousand there. Bummer.

"Has Ben been hanging out with Samantha at all?" I asked, my heart beating uncomfortably as I waited for her answer.

"I don't think so. I've seen her trying to talk to him, but he just kind of blows her off." Becky stopped for a minute and looked at me. "I know you were never happy about the binding ceremony and stuff ... but have you found a way to at least live with it? You don't seem as mad about it right now, at least."

"I don't know what I am, really. Except confused. I'm not even sure if Ben and I are on the same side."

"Well, there's only one side now."

"No, there isn't. Leck was in the Gray. I assume Malena's in there too. And Leck was with a demon or troll or something. So there are at least two sides to this deal and maybe more. I saw an angel in Ben's room named Beau who looked kind of ... suspicious."

Becky started laughing. Hard. She bent over, holding her stomach after a few seconds.

"Did I say something funny?"

"Beau ...," she gasped.

"What? The name?"

"No," she waved me off, trying to get her breath. "Oh, you're funny."

I moved my hand in a forward-rolling gesture. "Elaborate. How am I funny?"

"Suggesting Beau is not on our side."

"Okay, Miss Know-It-All, tell me who he is then, if you're so smart."

"You seriously don't know?" she asked, the humor fading from her face.

"No, I seriously don't. I've been kind of busy fighting off dragons and demons. It tends to take up a lot of my attention."

"Oh, dragons? Really? What are they like? Are they nice? Did you ride one? When did you do that? Where was it? Can I go?"

"Becky! Focus! We're talking about Beau right now, remember?"

"Oh, yeah. Okay, so Beau is like the head of some angel army or something. I mean, he's like certified angel bad-butt or whatever. He says fly, and his buddies all ask how high."

"But he looks so young," I said, not able to see this guy doing anything like that. I pictured him wearing Abercrombie gear and rowing a crew boat for an Ivy League college somewhere. Except for the wings part. Those would probably get in the way.

"Yeah, go figure." Becky shrugged. "Age doesn't seem to mean much around here."

I rolled my eyes. "Tell me about it." I should know better than anyone that the fae could give a shit about numbers. I was not quite eighteen and still considered some sort of seriously important fae who was supposed to do impressive things maybe one day ... if I ever could figure out the difference between my ass**le and a hole in the ground.

"How old are you, anyway?" asked Becky.

"Seventeen."

"Wow. Seventeen and already riding dragons. When's your birthday?"

"I didn't ride any dragons, first of all, and my birthday is in December."

"It's coming up."

I nodded.

"Cool. Party time. So what did you do with the dragons, anyway?"

"I don't want to talk about it right now." I left the bathroom in my fresh clothes and grabbed my council tunic off the hook on the back of my door.

"How come?" Becky asked, following me through the sitting room.

I walked through the foyer and out into the hallway. "Because, I just don't. I have other things on my mind that I need to figure out."

Tim came flying out the door and went down the hallway ahead of me. "She put the dragon in the gas chamber. It was righteous!"

Thank the Overworld Becky can't hear him. I made a mental note to eat extra garlicky stuff at dinner so I could torture Tim with my breath later.

"Okay, well, I'm just going to pop in on Finn and see what he's up to," said Becky.

"Aren't you worried about catching him naked or on the toilet or something like that?"

"Nah. I've already seen him naked."

Before I could demand more information, she disappeared again, a giggle the last thing I heard from her.

"Fucking water sprites," I mumbled.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

I ARRIVED AT THE COUNCIL meeting early, stopping in front of the door.

"Tim, you need to wait outside until I get permission to have you in there."

"Why don't I wait inside with you instead?"

"Because there might be a spell in there that'll fry your butt like a moth in a bug zapper."

"Oh. Yeah. Why don't I just wait outside here, then?"

"What a great plan. Why didn't I think of that? Oh ... and don't do anything I wouldn't do while you're waiting," I said, opening the door.

"Excellent. So what you're saying is, the sky's the limit? No holds barred? Zap 'em and ask questions later?"

I grinned. "Pretty much." I went inside, and the door shut behind me.

The only other fae in the room was Aidan. He was sitting in his regular spot, a scowl on his face. He was staring so hard at the table, he didn't even notice me enter.

I went and sat down next to him, nudging him on the arm as my butt reached the seat. "Hey, wolfman. What's up?"

He growled and looked up at me like he wanted to bite my head off, but then his expression quickly went from beast-mode, to confused guy, and then to happy Aidan - the face I was used to seeing finally settling in.

"Jayne! You're here!"

I half-smiled. "Yeah, I guess I am."

He leaned over quickly and enveloped me in a huge bear hug or possibly a werewolf hug. All I knew was that it was warm and slightly furry because my nose was pushed into the hair down near his neck. His hair was always long and slightly scruffy. It smelled like the forest.

I lifted my chin so it was resting on his shoulder. "Wow, thanks. Did you miss me, or what?"

"Hell yeah, I did. Everyone did." He pulled back and stared at me, his hands still resting lightly on my upper arms. "Where were you? We searched everywhere, but your scent just dried up out there."

My nose tingled with the idea of people sniffing around for me, especially considering the means I'd used to get rid of that suspension spell. "Sorry about that. Got a little lost out there, but Tony helped us get back."

"Excellent news." His grin was so huge and blindingly white, it was freaking me out a little. I saw a few too many teeth and wondered if this was how Little Red Riding Hood had felt.

"Sooooo ... what'd I miss?" I asked, sitting back in my chair, casually disengaging myself from his friendly grip.

"Just some battles here and there, flushing out the demons and so on. I was more worried about finding you."

"I hear you had a problem with Scrum." I was fishing for details, not sure I wanted them, but my curiosity was overpowering my good sense, as usual.

"Yes, I did. You heard about that, huh?"

"Yeah. From Becky."

"I'm not exactly proud of losing my temper; but I just hate it when fae ignore what the werewolf has to contribute."

"And what did he ignore?"

"We trailed your scent to a certain spot out in the forest, and then it just disappeared. We kept telling them that you were no longer in our realm, but the daemon would not listen. All of them have been combing the forest for signs of you and your roommate since you left. We've also lost track of Spike. He still has not reappeared."

"You were right. They should have listened to you."

Aidan slammed his fist down on the table. "I knew it! The wolf never gets the respect he deserves!"

I patted his forearm. "I respect you. Don't let it bother you what those other turds think. I'm constantly being underestimated. Sometimes I surprise people, other times I don't. In the end, the only thing that matters is that you try and that you not get too upset when things don't work out."

"Wise counsel," he said, looking a lot more relaxed. "Thank you, Jayne. Next time I think about losing my temper, I will remember your words."

The door opened and Ben came in. As soon as he saw me, he picked up his pace and was at my side in a flash.

"Where have you been?!" he yelled, practically in my face. His hands were shaking, as if he wanted to grab me and throttle me around the neck or something.

If he had asked me nicely, I would have been totally cool with telling him everything that had happened - well, almost everything. But when he came at me with an attitude like that, the last thing I felt like doing was following his orders and giving him what he wanted. Screw that.

I turned my back on him and smiled a two-hundred-watter at Aidan. "So, what else did I miss, other than the disagreement with the daemon?" I used my super-sweet voice, just to piss Ben off more.

"I'm talking to you, Jayne," growled Ben. "Don't turn your back on me."

Aidan looked from me up to the spot above my shoulder where Ben stood at my back. "Uh, Jayne, perhaps you should answer Ben's question."

My smile turned bitter. "No. What I should do is whatever the hell I want, which right now is to talk to you, not the rude jerk standing behind me."

"I was worried, Jayne," explained Ben in a still-angry voice. "You can't fault me for that."

I spun around in my seat, glaring up at him. "You know what, Ben? I'm sick and tired of you being a rude ass and then blaming me for it ... as if it's my fault that you just stood here a second ago and talked to me like I was your servant."

"I asked a question and I expect an answer. You had many fae out looking for you."

I stood, my legs shoving my chair out sharply behind me, positioning myself until we were nearly toe-to-toe. I poked him hard in the chest with my forefinger repeatedly. "You. Are not my father. Nor are you my mother, my grandparent, my sibling, or my boss. You aren't even my roommate or my friend." I stopped poking him and put my hands on my hips. "So you know what? You can suck it if you think talking to me like that is going to get you anywhere you want to be." I stared him down - or rather up, since he was about five inches taller than me - unflinching, daring him to say or do anything against me. I was ready to send him to the Underworld where I was really getting a strong feeling he belonged. If I could only figure out how I'd done it to myself before, maybe I could figure out how to do it to him here now.

The questionable morality of this plan of action briefly flickered across my mind, but I quickly dismissed it as something to be contemplated later, preferably with a gray elf around to give me some input. They were much better at sorting that stuff out than me. And right now, I was feeling so mad, I was in a bad place for making potentially lethal decisions, so I was going to do my best not to unleash on Ben; but one more dumbass remark and he was gonna be sorry, because I wasn't going to just let everything slide. Sometimes, a girl just has to say enough is enough.

"You have no idea who you're talking to," said Ben in a low tone.

I heard a deep growl coming from behind me. I ignored it, knowing Aidan wouldn't harm me. "Oh, no, Ben, that's where you're wrong. I know exactly who I'm talking to. It's the arrogant ass who lives next door to me, who needs to put a friggin valve on his big, fat head so he can let some of the hot air out of it."

He reached out and grabbed my upper arm, squeezing it hard enough to make me cry out.

Before I had time to react beyond that, I was bumped from behind, and the grasp on my arm quickly disappeared. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a hairy arm with a massive, clawed fist at the end of it, gripping onto Ben's forearm.

Ben's expression turned from one of arrogance to one of agony. "Aaaaahhhh, re ... lease me, wolf!" he shouted.

The hair stood up on my head and neck. I was afraid to turn around, and when the low, rumbling growl came from behind me again, and this time accompanied by words, I nearly peed my pants with fear.

"You don't touch her, elemental, or I will tear your throat out in two seconds and not feel one iota of regret." He finished his statement off with a couple of sharp cracking sounds, which I assumed were his jaws snapping together. I could hear the sound of a panting animal behind me.

"I have no quarrel with you, wolf," said Ben in a pained whisper, huffing through the agony of his quickly bruising skin. "Release me, and I will forgive what you've done."

"I do not need your forgiveness. You harm our Mother and you pay the price with your life."

Ben nodded once perfunctorily. When he was finally let go, he breathed in sharply and cradled his arm against his belly. He didn't even look at me, he merely turned and left the room, his shoulders hunched over his injury.

Jared entered at the same time Ben was leaving, getting shoved to the side in Ben's rush to leave. Jared stared after him and then looked at us, his eyes going wide at whatever was behind me. I was still too afraid to turn around.

Jared held out his hands and took two cautious steps towards me. "Jayne ... I need you to come towards me. Slowly."

"He's not going to hurt me," I said in a soft voice, praying I was right.

Jared took another step but froze in place when he heard the rumbling wolf-growl coming from Aidan.

I remained facing Jared but spoke to Aidan behind me. "Aidan, I need you to un-wolf yourself. Ben is gone, and I have a feeling he's going to skip this meeting. Tap me on the shoulder when you're a guy again."

I heard a couple of rustling sounds and a short whimper, and then felt a tapping on my arm. I took a deep breath and braced myself for either the ghastly sight of a vicious beast or a naked Aidan - either one something I could live without ever experiencing. But Jared seemed visibly relaxed, so I took my chances and turned around.

Aidan was standing there, looking as if nothing had happened.

"Uhhh ... thanks, Aidan. Whatever you did, I appreciate it." I tried to casually search his tunic for signs of ripping or something. I figured he'd gone all Hulk on us and lost his clothes, but everything seemed intact.

"The wolf has no quarrel with Jayne."

I smiled. "And Jayne most definitely has no quarrel with the wolf."

He smiled back sheepishly. "Thank you for not turning around sooner. I'm afraid you would've been so disgusted you would've never spoken to me again."

"Don't be stupid. I've seen you guys all wolfed out before."

"But you have never seen one of us a half-wolf before. I am told it is not pretty from a non-wolf perspective."

I grimaced. "I'll take your word on that. Next time, feel free to warn me before you go all beast-mode on me."

"Next time, if there is one, and I have the opportunity to do so, I will."

Jared came up and stood next to me, placing his hand on my upper arm. "Are you okay, Jayne? Things looked pretty intense in here for a minute there."

"Yeah. Just more of Ben's bullshit." I shrugged my shoulders. I couldn't explain it to myself, so I didn't even bother trying to do it for Jared.

Jared shook his head, his hand dropping to his side. "I can't understand what's going on between you two. Why can't you just get along?"

I opened my mouth to respond, but Aidan beat me to it.

"It is not Jayne's fault." He cleared his throat because it had gone gruff again.

I looked back at him in alarm, but he was still all man.

Aidan continued in his normal voice. "Ben talks to her as if she's a half-wit. He has very little respect for her and it's clear in his tone and choice of words. I did not make the decision to shift - it was instinctual. He put his hands on her in anger. She is not safe around him."

Jared looked confused. "That's strange. I got no alarms or warnings that she wasn't safe."

I jumped in, feeling weird having them talk about me like I wasn't standing right there in front of them. "Maybe it's because Ben himself doesn't know what he's going to do from one second to the next. He grabbed me and hurt me, like, on a whim ... when I said something he didn't like. It's not that he walked into this room with the plan to hurt me. It just happened."

I looked at the two guys to see what they thought. Aidan was nodding and Jared seemed as if he were rolling my analysis over in his mind.

"I think that's a rational explanation for what is happening here," said Jared. "I might have felt a flash of something, just prior to entering the room, but I can't be sure. Something about Ben is strange ... I seem to have a bit of a block where he's concerned." Jared's brows were furrowed as he contemplated his own words.

"I wouldn't be surprised if he had his good buddy Samantha put a spell on him to make him undetectable to you guys," I said, laughing. "Stupid asshat that he is, always thinking his poo doesn't stink. Like he should be above all the rules everyone else has to follow."

Jared's mouth quirked up at the corner. "I find that a little hard to believe, that he'd do something so deceitful. What would be his purpose?"

"Explain how you did not a feel a threat to her life, then," said Aidan, almost challenging him. "I felt it instinctually, but otherwise, I did not. And as you know, the wolf usually feels threats on many levels. My conscious mind was in the dark. As you said, it's strange."

Jared opened his mouth to say something, but then stopped himself. He thought for a minute and then started again. "It's funny you mention being in the dark ..."

We never got to hear the rest of his sentence because the door opened up and fae began filing into the room.

"I'll catch up with you two after the meeting. My chamber? We have a lot to discuss."

Aidan nodded, so I joined him in agreeing. It's not like I had anything else to do, other than get some food.

"Great. After dinner, then."

The room quickly filled with everyone, including Ben who appeared at the last second, shutting the door behind him. He held his arm against his stomach and took the seat next to me, not looking at me or acknowledging my presence in any way.

I remained standing as the others took their seats. It was time to push my weight around for the sake of a pixie's heart and spirit.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

I WAITED UNTIL EVERYONE WAS comfortable and had the attention of the silver elves before speaking. Malena wasn't there, but Dardennes and Celine were.

"Sorry for starting the meeting off like this, but I have a request."

"First, may I say, welcome back, Jayne. It is good to see you," said Dardennes, giving me a genuine smile.

I grinned back. "It's good to be back, believe me."

"I assume after your request you will be so kind as to fill us in on your former whereabouts."

"Sure, no prob." I looked at everyone seated at the table. Only Niles and Red were scowling so I took that as a good sign. Maybe this wouldn't be too difficult. "I have a request. I know that the rule is that only council members be allowed in here during meetings. But I'd like Tim the Pixie to be permitted entry. He doesn't have to be able to participate or anything, but I'd like him to be here with me."

All of the heads around the table, save the silver elves', Aidan's, and Ben's were shaking back and forth - definite nos.

"Why would you ask for that which you know is forbidden?" asked a cranky Red. "We have spells on this room to prohibit such a thing, so even common sense -which surely you must have some of, if only in very minute amounts - tells you that this is not possible."

"If we let one outsider in, we let them all in," growled Niles, giving me a look that said I was the dumbest fae alive.

I felt a little deflated, but I wasn't ready to give up yet. "Gee. I thought you witches must be more talented that that. You don't know how to cast a spell that makes an exception to the rule? Using one of his hairs or something? I guess maybe I should start working on my own spell casting since yours is so limited."

Red jumped from his seat, as did a Dark Fae witch I didn't know the name of. Celeste probably would have jumped up too, but she was too old to move that fast. She was still struggling to grab the arms of her chair for balance.

"How dare you insult our skills as casters!" shouted Red.

Dardennes stood and held his hands out in a plea for calm. "Please, everyone. Take your seats. I'm sure we can come up with a solution."

"The solution is simple, Anton," said Red. "We tell her no. She cannot have everything she wants. She's a spoiled child. Are we to bend to all of her wishes simply because she is our Mother? No. I say not. She has a lot to learn, not the least of which is humility and self-sacrifice."

I could feel the burn coming up my neck to my ears and then my face. I wasn't sure if it was humiliation or anger that was causing it, but I was on fire, and it had nothing to do with Ben's element.

I was tempted to bring The Green up, but then I knew that would be a mistake - the actions of a spoiled child. I was going to win this fight with my other power. My brain.

"You have a lot of nerve, lecturing anyone on humility and self-sacrifice. Have you been forced to marry someone you can't stand the sight of? Someone who's tortured you, insulted you, and generally done nothing but make your life miserable? No. You haven't. But guess who has? Oh, that's right. Me. I have. And I did it for you," I pointed at each face around the table, "and you, and you, and you, and you, and you ..." I kept going until I was perfectly clear. "All of you are reaping the benefits of my sacrifice. Not just the one of my binding, but the loss of my mother, who in case you forgot, fought and was killed by a demon fixated on ending your existence in this realm. And you'll continue to enjoy these benefits that my mother and I have helped you gain, today and everyday, until the day you leave the Here and Now. So instead of spouting off a bunch of bullshit about how I need to grow up and give you more, why don't you think real hard about that advice and take it yourself." I schooled my features into total calm, willing the redness of anger to leave me pale again. I looked right at Red as I finished. "A simple thank you will do, Sir."

No one said a word for a full minute. It was so quiet, they could have all heard a pixie fart, even without a listening spell.

I turned towards Dardennes, who, if I wasn't mistaken, had a look of pride on his face. "Anton. I respectfully request that my friend, roommate, confidant, and all around kickass fae Tim the Pixie be permitted to join our meetings. He's smart, he knows more about the humans and fae than anyone I know. He's brave even in the face of dragons. And he'd never ever sell me out, which is more than I can say for a lot of other fae around her."

Celine stood and without preamble said, "I hereby nominate Tim the Pixie as a member of the fae council."

Dardennes stood next to her. "I second." He nodded solemnly at me, and I knew that he totally got Tim and everything he was all about. Dardennes may have trapped him in a bell jar before, but it was clear he'd come a long way since then in understanding the small fae whose heart was bigger than probably all of ours combined.

Aidan stood next. "I third."

I raised my hand. "I fourth."

Aidan leaned in and whispered, "It only goes up to thirding."

"Oh," I whispered back, my face feeling hot again. I turned my attention to Celine, wanting to thank her. But she was staring straight ahead and then at Dardennes. I took it to mean she didn't want anyone getting mad thinking we were in cahoots, so I looked away, planning to thank her in private later.

"What benefit does having this fae on our council bring our people?" demanded Red.

Dardennes answered. "Though the nomination has reached the thirding and does not require an explanation - because as you know, all fae risk their own existence in this realm with their nominations - I will respond by saying that Tim the Pixie is a long-standing member of our spy network, he is the most highly decorated fae that I'm aware of for his actions of bravery and sacrifice, and he now has a wife and child. I believe this last mention shall give him a new perspective that he was previously ignorant of, which will bring a new dimension to his decision-making skills that could only benefit our people. With the threat of pixelation removed, in no small part due to incredible sacrifices made by both his wife and himself, I'd say he's earned his place at our table."

I wasn't exactly sure about that good decision-making point Dardennes had tried to bring home, since Tim seemed inclined to skate out of babysitting duties a little too easily to be winning any Dad of the Year awards, but whatever. I wasn't going to be blocking his entry into our happy little group for anything. I couldn't stop the smile from beaming across my face. I made sure not to look at Red when I said, "I have one last request. Can you please not tell him yet that he's been made a member? I'd like to tell him."

"As is the custom, a cloak will be made for him and delivered. He must make the choice whether to wear it or not. There will be nor formal invitation as it were," explained Celine.

"Fine. I won't get in the middle of that. But I just don't want him to know today. During this meeting."

Dardennes looked around the room as he said, "That should not be a problem."

I heard some grumbling, but I ignored it, rushing over to the door. I put my hand on the door handle and looked over at the witches. "Is he going to get zapped if I let him in?"

Red frowned and shook his head slowly, never breaking eye contact with me. He was pissed, that much was clear, but I totally didn't care. He could think I was a spoiled brat all day long, but I knew in my heart of hearts, Tim was good for all of us.

I pulled the door open and said out into the hallway, "Come on in, Tim! Meeting's about to start!"

"Whooooooooot!" came his response as he flew in past me and landed on the back of my chair. He immediately sat down, crossed his legs, and folded his hands over his knee. "So ... where were we, hmmm? Doling out punishments? Saving the world? Someone catch me up."

I smiled as I sat down carefully, trying not to dislodge him. "Just shut up and listen," I said softly.

Celine smiled, staring out in front of her, as did Dardennes.

I smiled too, thinking how awesome my life was in that moment. Knowing my luck, it was probably short-lived joy, but joy nonetheless.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

DARDENNES BEGAN SPEAKING AGAIN. "AS you know, we have had many events occur in the last few days that must be discussed, and some decisions must be made. I will review them now, unless anyone has other items for us to address first." He looked pointedly at me.

I put my hands up, palms out, shaking my head. "Not me. I'm cool."

Dardennes nodded and continued. "It has been made clear to us that the veil between the realms is falling."

I raised my hand.

"Jayne?"

"Actually, it has a big tear in it. It's like a curtain now. I stepped through it, just recently."

Dardennes nodded. "We will hear more about that in a moment." He turned back to the group. "We have had several demons and creatures from the Underworld attack our compound. Lives have been lost, and we have many injured. We cannot keep these onslaughts at bay forever, we know now, because despite the best efforts of our witches, the Gray remains penetrable from the other realms."

"What about the Overworlders?" asked a fae I didn't know by name. "Why aren't they helping?"

"A few are. We have at our disposal one contingent of the more military-minded of them. However, they are limited in their ability to come to our realm and they also are mindful of our past decision to close the portals. We've told them before that they are not needed or welcome here, and they do not wish to supercede those wishes without a more formal invitation to join us."

"Well, just tell them we do want them here," I said. "Can't we just change our minds?"

"It's not that simple," said Celine. "The Gray was not created to withstand the traffic and manipulations it's suffering right now. That is what the portals were for. We cannot change our minds without going all the way, or our own invitation for help will be our undoing."

"All the way?" I asked, not sure exactly what she meant.

"Opening the portals again," said Dardennes. "The only way to stop the unauthorized entries into our realm is to open the portals. Asking the Overworlders to come to us through the Gray will surely mean its complete destruction, clearing a path for the entire Underworld to join us and the humans."

"We can continue to work on the Gray," said Red. "Perhaps we just haven't come up with the right combination yet to heal it."

"We have run out of time," said Dardennes. "We appreciate your efforts on our behalf, but we all know that the Gray is a very limited medium for realm-travel. No matter what you do to try and prop it up or repair it, it will always be vulnerable to manipulation and destruction. We cannot ask more of it than it is capable of providing." For some reason, he looked over at me then. Several other heads turned in my direction too.

"What?" I asked, feeling self-conscious.

"I think he's saying everyone should stop expecting you to not screw stuff up," said Tim.

I frowned. "Thanks, turd monkey," I whispered to him.

"Don't mention it," he said in a proud voice. "See? I can hang in these meetings. I was born for this stuff. Did you get an agenda? I'd like to see an agenda. I might have some stuff to add to it."

I rolled my eyes. When he got that cloak he was going to collapse into a self-induced stroke brought on by sheer awesomeness overload. I'd created a monster.

Dardennes was speaking again, drawing my attention away from my ridiculous roommate and the attention of my fellow council members away from me, thank goodness.

"All in favor of opening the portals, please indicate."

Several fae stood, including me, once I realized that was how we were supposed to vote.

A few remained seated, one of whom said, "You cannot have open portals without guardians."

"Of course. And that is our next order of business," said Dardennes. "But first, assuming we can find adequate guardians to fulfill those duties, who is in favor of opening the portals again?"

The fae who had remained seated now stood. Even Celeste, although it took her awhile to get there. Red held onto her arm to keep her steady.

"Excellent," said Dardennes, smiling. "Please be seated. Now we will discuss the topic of guardians."

I sat back down and shifted around uncomfortably, thinking about the guardian who I'd been face-to-face with recently. I was pretty sure he wasn't all that keen on working with us, especially since I still had his tooth and had waved it in his face; hopefully I hadn't screwed the pooch for us on that one.

"A few of us discussed this outside the meeting, so forgive me for backtracking on those few, but I believe it's important that we all consider the situation from the beginning, as it were."

I didn't know about Red, Ben, and Celine, but I was glad for the re-cap. I couldn't remember much of it, probably because I was too caught up at the time with staring at Beau. I couldn't be too harshly judged for that, though; he was pretty damn cute and, oh, so mysterious. Even knowing now that he was some badass fighter only made him more so.

"The guardian dragons, Dark and Light, were slain by warriors of our choosing over one thousand years ago, and the portals they watched over were shut and sealed. The guardians sacrificed their weapons to their slayers and moved into the Otherworlds. Now, we seek to open the portals again and assert guardians at their entrances."

"But without the guardians, how would that be possible? You're not suggesting we choose some other fae to watch over them? None is prepared nor qualified for this job," said a green elf.

"Agreed. However, do not forget that at each portal were a pair of dragons, not just one."

"But only one played the part of guardian; the other was merely a companion," said the elf.

"Exactly."

"I sincerely hope you are not contemplating necromancy," said another witch, visibly shaken. "I cannot even imagine the thing that would arise to watch over the entrance to our realm, nor the cost that would be paid by the witches who participated in that kind of black magic."

Dardennes frowned, shaking his head. "Of course not; we are suggesting nothing of the kind. Rather, we are putting forth the idea of convincing the guardians' mates to take up the former guardians' mantels of protector to the realms. We believe it's true to say that they have the same skills and powers as the original guardians."

The room went quiet for a little while as everyone thought his words through.

Aidan was the first to speak. "How will you do this? Do you plan to speak to the guardians and their mates? Is this even possible?"

"That has yet to be determined. We do not know exactly how difficult they will be to reach, contact, or even communicate with."

I felt Ben's eyes on me, noticing his head turning in my direction, but I ignored him and spoke. "They're on the other side of the Gray. I talked to The Dark of Blackthorn and saw his mate too when I was there."

Red choked.

Everyone turned to him in alarm, but he waved us off, rubbing his throat and gesturing for us to continue.

"Tell us," said Celine, moving closer to the table and leaning over it a little, her eyes never leaving my face.

I snuck a look at Ben, but he was staring straight ahead again, the only hint that he wasn't happy with me the muscle twitching at his jaw.

"I was at the entrance to the compound with Ben and some others, fighting back some demons there, when I ran into who I thought was Spike. It was Spike, but he'd been possessed. This demon-Spike is wandering around here somewhere in the compound, actually. I left him with Tony a while ago."

Dardennes held up a hand. "Actually, he has been detained until we can set things to rights with our incubus."

I nodded. "Good. I'm glad. So anyway, I got a little distracted with him, but then Ben came and we worked together to get rid of the demons. Or at least, that's what I thought we were doing."

"It worked well enough," he said, his tone grim.

I kicked him under the table, knowing he meant me sending myself away was part of what worked for him. Jerk.

"For some reason, when I sent all the demons back to the Underworld, I also sent Tim the pixie and myself over there, too. So later, in the process of trying to get back through the Gray, I met the dragon and his mate."

"Yeah, not a picnic, people, let me tell you," added Tim.

"How is it that you were caught in your own magic?" asked Celeste.

I shrugged. "I have no idea."

"I know you use visualization to aid in your communication with the elements," said Celine. "What did you picture in your mind when you were sending all the demons back?"

"Well, I pictured all the good guys anchored to the ground and all the bad guys swept away."

I glanced at Ben and saw a wicked-looking smile creep across his mouth.

"Were the anchors tree roots by any chance?" asked the green elf across the room. "That would explain our warriors being rooted to the ground."

"Yeah, as a matter of fact, they were," I answered. "I learned the technique from Maggie."

"Did you include yourself in the rooting?" asked Red.

"Uhhh ... " I had to think about that for a second. "No. I didn't."

"And the pixie?" asked another fae.

"No. Him neither. He wasn't standing on the ground, so I guess I just ... kind of forgot about him."

Tim farted right behind my ear.

I sighed, thinking about how I'd put my rep on the line for this dinkus; and now he was sharing his butt smoke with the council members. Perfect. I resisted the urge to reach back and flick him in the fart box, choosing instead to immediately make plans to get my retribution, when we were once again back in our room. He was so going down.

"Perhaps that explains how you ended up there, then," said Celine, smiling.

It's almost as if she could read my mind. "That's great news. Seriously. I was trying to figure out what the heck I'd done that was so bad that I'd end up there. Glad to know it was just one of my standard screw-ups and not me having a black soul."

Several fae around the table snickered.

Dardennes cleared his throat. "So now that we know that the guardians are reachable, the question is, who is going to make contact with them? And how will we convince them that they should take up their posts at the portals once again - only this time alone - to be responsible for the passing of souls going in and out?"

No one spoke for a long time. I scanned the expressions around the table, looking for clues that anyone might have ideas, but no one spoke, appearing more intent on doing what I was doing - looking for someone else to have a flash of brilliance.

Tim's was the first voice I heard.

"You need to get the gray elves in on this conversation. They have all the records going back to the beginning of our time. If anyone knows how to woo the heart of a dragon, it's them. And possibly the dragon slayers too, Shayla and Garrett."

No one registered having heard him, including Celine who I sometimes suspected of being able to, so I cleared my throat and acted as the pixie amplifier.

"Tim says you should talk to the gray elves and the dragon slayers. He says if anyone would know what to do with dragons, it's them."

Heads began nodding around the table and my heart swelled a little with pride at the fact that it was my roommate who'd made it happen. It wasn't the answer they were looking for, but at least it was pointing us in a direction.

"I assume since we have no other suggestions, that everyone agrees on this course of action?"

The heads bobbed again.

"Excellent." Dardennes looked at me. "Jayne, would you be so kind as to contact Tony and ask him to come to our meeting post haste with Gregale?"

I frowned. "You mean, like, now?"

"Yes."

I stood to go.

"What are you doing, Jayne?" he asked.

"I'm going to get Tony, like you asked."

Dardennes smiled patiently. "Use your connection - the one that is not physical."

My mouth kind of hung open for a little while until my brain put together what he was saying. "Ohhhh, you want me to try and vibe him?"

"Yes."

"Okaaaaay ..." I sat back down and looked nervously at the faces staring back at me. "I've never done this in front of anyone before."

"As I understand it, you summoned your friend from the Underworld. Surely summoning him from the other side of the compound is not beyond your capabilities."

Several fae around the table twittered, and the embarrassment I felt made my face turn red. I didn't respond, not trusting myself to say the right things. Instead, I closed my eyes and yelled as loud as I could in my head. Tony! Get your sweet ass over to the council meeting, like ASAP! And bring Gregale with you! On the double! We need you over here! Run! I tried to feel desperate and needy. Hopefully, he'd pick up on something and at least come to investigate.

I opened my eyes and shrugged my shoulders. "Done. No guarantees that anyone will show up, though."

Ben looked down at the table, but I could still see the self-satisfied smile on his face. I kicked him again, but he ignored me. I knew then that he and I were going to have to have a serious talk when this meeting was over. Maybe he was okay with things all messed up between us, but I refused to live with him constantly mocking me, and me always wanting to send him to hell.

"Moving on, then," said Dardennes. "Assuming we can find a way to contact the dragons and do what we must to convince them to stand guard once more, we need a team to work on reversing the seals that were placed on the portals over a thousand years ago. Red, I hope we can count on you to head that group?"

The old man-witch nodded. "Of course."

All of the other witches around the table also assented.

"What are we going to do about Leck and Malena?" I asked, without any preamble.

All I received was confused expressions in response.

"Well, F-Y-I, Leck is in the Gray right now and he has a troll for a friend, so I assume Malena is messing around in there, too. Maybe we should plan some sort of rescue or arrest mission."

"Explain yourself, changeling," said Niles. For some reason he didn't sound quite as cranky this time, though. And even Ben turned to see what I had to say, his expression noticeably less annoyed.

"As I was leaving the Gray, I was grabbed from behind by a troll. Leck was with him. That's about all I can tell you. I recognized his voice very clearly."

"He didn't say anything else to you? Are you sure?" asked Celine, her voice very sweet. Her kind eyes made me feel a lot less inept in the midst of all these much more confident fae.

"He might have said something. Ummm ... I think he wanted to show me something. Maybe."

"What?" asked Niles.

"I have no idea. I whacked his friend over the head with my weapon and my friends pulled me out."

"You hit a troll? And made it out of the Gray?" asked Jared, sounding like he didn't believe me.

"Yeah. It helped that I had Blackie, my dragon fang. I don't think I could have done it without him. The Green is pretty gross over there. I couldn't use it like I can here."

"I thought the dragon-born weapons lacked power in the Gray," said the green elf.

"Normally, yeah," I said. "That's what I found out. But when that troll grabbed me, part of me was outside the Gray and part was in, so maybe that's why it suddenly started working again. I know it didn't before that. And in the Underworld it didn't work either."

Niles and Jared were both nodding their heads. I saw them exchange a look, but I had no idea what it meant. I made a mental note to ask Jared after dinner.

Dardennes spoke next. "Has anyone here had contact with either Leck or Malena since the last time we saw them at a council meeting?"

Everyone but Ben was shaking their heads no. He was just staring at the table top, lost in thought or something. I nudged him and leaned over close, whispering, "Well? Talk to your friends recently?"

I meant it as a joke, but he apparently didn't take it that way. He whipped his head around and scowled at me. "What are you trying to insinuate, Jayne?"

I backed up, a little shocked at the venom. "Nothing. Geez, ease up on the juice, man."

He turned his attention back to the group.

I narrowed my eyes at the side of his head, the only thing I could see now that he was back to ignoring me. Guilty conscience, anyone? I was going to have a serious heart-to-heart with Ben. Tonight. No more messing around. He was going to tell me what the deal was with his attitude, his plans for the future, and his intentions with me.

I started having mini-plays in my head, acting out our future conversation, trying to figure out what he might say to certain questions and then what responses I'd have for him. As usual, I was seriously awesome at the conversation when it was all in my head. It was when it happened in reality that I tended to kind of screw things up and say the first thing that popped into my head.

I was distracted from my play-acting at being awesome with one-liners when the door opened and Tony and Gregale came bursting in.

"Jayne!" yelled Tony, as soon he was past the threshold. "What's wrong?!" He was sweaty and holding out his axe menacingly in front of him. Gregale was right behind him, also sweaty, and carrying a miniature sword. He didn't look scary at all - more like silly than anything, but at least he was trying.

"Nice weapon, Gregale," I said. "I'm impressed."

He cleared his throat, lowering the blade to his side and delivering a quick bow to the group. "Forgive our intrusion. There appears to have been some form of miscommunication."

I knew in my heart that Gregale wanted to scowl at me, but he was too professional of a gray elf to do it. I'd have to be sure to meet up with him later so he could give me a good scolding. I wouldn't want him running around this place with his undies in a bunch over me making him look like a fool.

"Jayne, you called me and told us to come, right?" asked Tony, looking from me to Dardennes, an apology in his eyes, too.

"Yes, I did. Please come in."

"Quite right," said Dardennes. "Actually, you were summoned by the council. We asked Jayne to manage the technicalities." He looked over at me. "Perhaps next time a little less urgency might be called for."

I shrugged. "Sure. No problem."

Tony sent me the look that told me he was going to give me a hard time later, so I stuck my tongue out at him and then winked. I saw his anger dissipate into the air around him when he smiled back. Poor kid couldn't be mad at me for more than thirty seconds, tops.

"You have us here now. What is it that we can do for you, honored council members?" asked Gregale.

My feathers couldn't help but fluff themselves up a little at the butt-kissing, and I could see I wasn't alone. Everyone sat up a little straighter and several frowns disappeared.

"We wish to ask you about the portals and their guardians."

"Surely you have a more narrow subject to ask me about. Both of these topics have quite the extensive history, as you well know." He smiled encouragingly at us. He was in his element now. I could almost see the smoke coming out of his ears, he was so holding down the accelerator and the brakes in his brain at the same time.

"Quite. Specifically, we need to know how one would approach Biad of Blackthorn and Heryon of Hawthorne, and ask them to become the new guardians. We also need to know who might be the most likely candidate to do the convincing, knowing that they would need to travel to the Otherworlds and so on."

Gregale lifted his finger and tapped it on his lips as he considered Dardennes' questions, showing no sign of shock or surprise at the strange request. He leaned in near Tony's ear, and they had a whispered conversation, both of them frowning and scratching their heads a lot. When they were done debating between themselves, Gregale spoke up.

"We must ask that you allow us to bring your query to the gray elves. Not only will we consult their collective memories and do a group analysis, but we will also search the tomes to determine if there might be any information within that I have forgotten - although, it is unlikely." He smiled, obviously proud of his superior intellect.

Because I knew it wasn't false vanity, I smiled for him. I was totally down with having a super-brain for a friend. Two of them, actually.

"By all means. Do you think you might have something for us tomorrow, say after lunch?"

"We will stay up all night, Anton, to help the council. I am quite confident by that time, yes, we will have what you seek."

Dardennes nodded. "Thank you. I leave you to your work, then. Please see yourselves out."

Gregale and Tony didn't even spare me a goodbye, so involved they already were with discussing the possible endgame in front of us. The door closed gently behind them and their voices faded into nothingness as the seal was once again in place.

"Very well ... unless anyone has anything to add, I suggest we break for dinner and agree to meet again at lunch tomorrow. We can have our food here while we await the gray elves' information."

I was exhausted from listening to all these heavy things and trying not to mess up or say something wrong, so I was glad for the break.

Tim jumped onto my shoulder as I stood to go.

"Where to now?" he asked.

"Off to dinner and then Jared's."

"Oooo, secret meetings. Cool. I hope they have strawberries on the buffet tonight. I'm feeling a little antsy."

I smiled, picturing him stabbing the poor fruit over and over, making it bleed its red juices onto the table.

"Come on, Ripper. Let's go."

"Hey, Jayne, mind if I tag along?" asked Aidan, walking up next to me.

"Not at all." I smiled as I left the room, ignoring the smoldering look Ben was shooting at me from the doorway.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

DINNER WAS UNEVENTFUL, UNLESS I counted the nearly suffocating presence of Aidan at my side. He insisted on sitting next to me at the table, even asking Becky to move over. She frowned at him but did as he asked. I rolled my eyes at her and she shrugged back. Guys.

I noticed Ben was nowhere to be seen. I wondered where he was, but was secretly glad it wasn't here. I'd had about as much of him as I could stand for a day. Regardless, though, I was going to see him tonight and have it out. He was going to either fess up or get messed up, courtesy of me.

When we were finished, all of us headed over to Jared's, goofing around in the hallway on the way. Aidan said nothing, he just trailed behind. I could almost feel his stare drilling into my back, but I ignored it. Something had happened in that meeting that had freaked him out, so if this is what he needed to do to feel better about it, I wasn't going to fight him on it. At least not right now.

"I heard y'all were down in the Underworld. That's pretty freaky," said Finn. "What'd ya see? Any cool demons?"

"Freaky is the best word for it," I said. He wasn't going to get any argument from me on that. "We saw a demon or two and a couple dragons. I heard a troll, but I didn't actually see that much of him."

"What do you mean, not that much of him?" asked Becky. "Or do I not want to know?"

"I saw its arm when it grabbed me, but that's it. Luckily, Tony pulled me out of there and saved my sorry butt before I could get much more of a look."

"How'd you end up there, though? That's the part I don't get," said Becky. "It's not like you're a bad person or anything."

"It was my mistake. I anchored everyone on our side to the Here and Now but myself and Tim."

"Ooooh, rough luck for the pixie," said Finn. "Tim, you ready to move out yet?"

"Tell your hillbilly friend that I'm strongly considering it."

"He says maybe," I explained, smiling. As if. He was stuck with me, like it or not.

"So what's at Jared's?" asked Scrum. "Why are we meeting over there?"

"We have some serious shit to discuss, and we need to do it not around all the old farts," I explained.

"But he's an old fart, isn't he?" asked Scrum. He turned to look behind us, at Aidan, but didn't say what I knew he was thinking. I had no idea how old Aidan was, but you normally didn't end up on the council as a young fae.

"Yeah. But he's the youngest old fart of them all. Plus, he's more teenager-like than the rest of them," I said.

"He sure had me fooled back in Miami," said Finn. "Man, I still can't get over that, either. He sold me a pack-a-lies, and I bought every last one of 'em."

"We all did," said Becky, taking his hand. "Don't feel bad. Besides, aren't you glad you bought that pack of lies? I know I am." She was gazing at him with love-sick eyes.

He turned red and smiled back at her, all goofy-ish. "Yeah. I guess it ain't all bad how things turned out."

"Oh my god, you guys are so adorable it's gonna make me puke," I said.

"I'd like to second that emotion," said Tim, flying up ahead of us.

"Shush, Jayne. Don't be jealous," said Becky, still staring at her boyfriend.

It was very possible that I was envious of them, so I kept my next comments to myself, not sure they wouldn't come out tainted by the green monster. Finn and Becky were lucky to have found each other over here. I'd found my guy, and he'd ended up being an angel I couldn't have; and the one I'd gotten tied to was a royal pain in my ass. I couldn't even think about where and if Spike fit into all this nonsense. Life was so unfair sometimes.

We arrived at Jared's room before I could get too involved in feeling sorry for myself. Finn stepped up to the door and knocked, and Jared opened it, gesturing for us to come in.

I took a seat on the floor in the far corner so I could have a good view of the room around me. Aidan sat on one side of me and Scrum on the other. I could sense the strained atmosphere between the two, but I did my best to ignore it. This space was too small for a werewolf-on-daemon fight, so I was determined to do nothing to make them want to kill each other.

Tim sat on Jared's dresser, immediately busying himself with fixing his hair.

"Thanks for coming, guys." Jared shut his door and walked over to his bed, sitting at the head of it, one leg bent up and the other dangling off the edge. He wrapped his arm around the leg near his chest and nodded at everyone in the room.

"So what's the deal?" I asked. "You have intel?"

"More or less. First, though, I'm interested to know what happened to you in the Underworld and the Gray. There's a puzzle here and we just need to have all the pieces so we can put it together."

I groaned inwardly at the idea of sharing all the details of the events he was referring to, wondering what the chances were that I could avoid some of them. But if it was going to help us figure out what we could do to save humanity and find out what Ben's deal really was, then I guess I was going to have to bare the humiliation of sharing my spell-breaking skills.

"Alright, I'll tell you what happened, and I'm sure Tim will chime in to fill in the details I might forget; but first, I want to share some concerns I have so if any of you have any thoughts on this stuff, you can stop me and tell me what's up."

Jared nodded his head and my friends seemed okay with it too, so I started.

"First of all, I'm just going to come right out and say it: I don't trust Ben."

"Me neither," said Tim. He'd finished with his hair and now he was pushing up his cuticles.

Becky opened her mouth to protest, but I held up a hand to stop her. "Hear me out, Becks. If you still want to scold me and tell me all about relationships and love and all that crap, you can do it after."

Her lips pressed into a line, but she sat back, leaning against Finn's side saying nothing.

"As I was saying, I don't trust him."

"Tell us why; you must have reasons," said Jared.

"Yes, I do. First of all, why does he have a tapestry in his room that keeps the dragons trapped or somehow present in the Here and Now? He's also got the absinthe, the drug or whatever that makes them come alive." I looked around at the now very curious faces in front of me. "Second, he carries the Hawthorne dragon fang as his weapon. He looks just like the vampire Garrett. What is his connection to that vampire slayer and why does he keep the information from me?"

"Is he keeping it from you or just not thinking to tell you?" asked Jared.

"I ask and he avoids answering, so it's not innocent. And third, today at the meeting - I'm not sure if you noticed or not, Jared and Aidan - but when someone asked if anyone had talked to or seen Malena or Leck, he didn't answer. Everyone else said no, but he said nothing."

"I did notice that," said Jared.

"As did I," said Aidan.

"I did too," said Tim. "Very suspicious. And he was very angry at someone for the whole meeting."

"Tim noticed too, and he points out another issue. Ben is absolutely furious with me, like, all the time now."

Finn said, "Maybe it has somethin' to do with getting nearly killed by you 'n all." He shrugged, causing his comment to lose some of its accusatory tone.

I let it slide because he did have a point. "Maybe. But today his anger reached new heights. I swear he was ready to strangle me, and it was only Aidan here who stopped it." I gestured with my thumb to the guy sitting next to me.

"She speaks the truth," said Aidan, the hair on his arms fluffing up and his voice going a little deeper. "He is a risk to her. There is no denying that, by him or anyone else here."

"You sense this? A risk to her wellbeing?" asked Jared.

"Yes, I do. I will not leave her side so long as it remains."

His sudden attachment to me was starting to make sense. "You think Ben wants to off me or something?" I asked him.

"I am not sure of his intent, but I do know he is a threat to you at this time."

"We didn't sense that," said Scrum, getting agitated, seeking confirmation from Jared that he obviously expected to get. He looked like he was about to stand up, so I grabbed his forearm and pulled him towards me.

"Not so fast, gnome-head. Let's talk, not fight."

Jared smiled. "I guess there's a first for everything."

I grinned back at him. "Shut up. I'm not saying we aren't going to fight. Just not now. We can wrestle over stuff later if you still want to."

Everyone laughed.

"Scrum is right," said Jared, "we don't sense that danger. But it's entirely possible the bond between you and Ben is interfering in that."

"How so?" asked Becky, now sitting forward again. She was a total sucker for anything having to do with relationships.

"Our daemon sense is different than the instinctual sense of the werewolves. They feel and smell things on a much more basic, elemental level than we do. Their brains don't think about it - it's all automatic. But daemon sense things in a more cerebral way; I'm sorry that sounds so rude, but it's the only way I can think to describe it."

Scrum was nodding his head. "So we look at the whole picture and selectively ignore certain things, but also without thinking about it too much."

"Exactly," continued Jared. "Scrum and I, and probably the rest of the daemon, are taking into account that you and Ben are bound, and are therefore writing off any strange vibes we might be getting as relationship issues that don't pose a threat to your personal safety. Perhaps they do to your heart, but that's another issue."

"Daemon are not there to protect against broken hearts, I take it," I said.

Jared and Scrum shook their heads.

Bummer. Not that I'd listen to any daemon trying to give me relationship advice, but it might be nice to have a heads up that I was about to get dumped or cheated on.

I looked at my self-appointed protector. "Aidan, I appreciate you watching my back. But just so you know, you aren't sleeping with me."

He smiled. "I'll be right at your door, though."

I nodded. "Good enough."

"So back to the puzzle," said Jared. "We'll add Ben acting suspiciously to the pile of clues. I'm not going to say he's a problem yet, but it bears keeping in mind that he's acting strangely and doesn't seem to be accepting this bonding any more than you are."

"Hey!" I said, annoyed that my attempts weren't even being recognized.

Becky rolled her eyes. "Come on, Jayne, give us a break. You aren't even trying."

That made me mad. "You are so full of crap, Becky, you know that? You have no idea what I've been doing or trying to do. You never even see me anymore."

"All I know is every time he makes some sort of effort, you throw it back in his face."

"Oh, yeah? Like when?"

"Like in the dining hall."

I nearly choked on that one. "Are you friggin kidding me?" I looked around the room. "Does anyone else not get seriously pissed off when a person orders them around like a servant?"

Finn looked at Becky, a little fear in his eyes. He turned his attention back to me, at a loss for what to do.

I just shook my head at him. The boy was good and whipped. But the rest of my friends were at least shrugging their shoulders.

"Yeah, that's what I thought," I continued. "It's all well and good when it's not you - Yeah, Jayne, just do what he says. But if it were you being bossed around, trust me, you wouldn't be just following orders. It'd piss you off too."

"I would agree that Ben has a lot to learn when it comes to dealing with women," said Jared. "But he's used to getting his way. Maybe he just lacks finesse."

"Lacks finesse, my ass. He's an arrogant jerk. And he might have made some effort the first day, but that's it. Since then he's been on an a-hole hair trigger."

Becky wisely stayed silent, but her expression softened. I wanted to detect an apology in her eyes, but since she didn't say it out loud, I refused to let it happen.

Aidan was snickering next to me.

"What?!" I said, turning on him.

"Your description of Ben."

I frowned. "What? He's on an a-hole hair trigger?"

Everyone else in the room started giggling. Even Jared was smiling and looking up at the ceiling, as if trying to manage himself.

"Good one, Jayne. Such a way with words ... " said Tim, sighing.

After I thought about it for a second, I smiled too. "Ha, ha. Okay, I get it. That didn't come out exactly right. What I meant was, he can be nice one second and then without any warning, turn into an a-hole the next second."

"Yeah. A-hole hair trigger. We get it," said Aidan, covering his mouth with his hand now and fake-coughing.

I rolled my eyes. "Whatever. This is serious business and you guys are f**king around."

"You're the one talking about butt hairs," said Becky, giggling like crazy when she was finished.

I refused to respond. I just pressed ahead, hoping my friends would get on board. "Jared, you said you have intel. What can you share with us?"

Jared looked at Scrum who nodded slightly.

"Well, we've been working with the angel warriors who came down to help out, led by the angel Beau. Shayla's also with them. Garrettt isn't an official part of their group, but he's helping out however he can."

"What are they doing?" I asked. "And how'd they get here?"

Jared looked at me with a confused expression on his face, his head tilting to the side for a second before he answered me. "Well, uhhhh, I guess I'll answer the first part of your question first, since the second part is a little confusing to me. They're helping us fight the demons off wherever we can find them."

"That's cool," I said. "But I'm not sure what's so confusing about telling us how they got here. Or don't you know?"

"Actually, I'm wondering how it is that you don't know," he said. He looked over at Scrum, but Scrum just shrugged his shoulders.

"What? You think I've been hanging out with those guys? Believe me, I wouldn't mind it at all. But I've been just a tad busy, what with being in the Underworld and all."

"Yeah, but ...," said Scrum.

Jared held up a hand to stop him. "Jayne, are you being obtuse or are you serious?"

Now he was really pissing me off. "Jared, are you trying to get punched in the face? I mean, seriously. I haven't had a lot of sleep lately, and I can only be expected to take so much shit from people in one day."

"Methinks there's a misunderstanding here," said Tim. "Just tell them you're as clueless as a babe in the woods."

I sighed. "Tim says I'm as clueless as a babe in the woods."

Jared nodded slowly. "It appears that way. Well, I guess I'll be breaking some news to you right now Jayne - information that I guess no one realized was news to you."

"What, already?!"

"The angels are here because you brought them here."

CHAPTER TWENTY

I LOOKED AT JARED LIKE he'd lost a marble or two. "Say what?"

"I said, the angels are here because you brought them here. You compelled them in from the Gray."

I opened my mouth to respond, but the words wouldn't come. So I just sat there with my jaw hanging open.

"Fly catcher, twelve o'clock," said Tim, buzzing past my face and throwing something into my mouth. It hit the back of my throat, causing me to choke. I bent over, gagging and coughing, trying to dislodge it.

Scrum reached over and patted my back. "You okay, Jayne? Do you need a Heimlich or something?"

"Ew, did he just offer to lick your hiney?" asked Tim, back on Jared's dresser. "I'd say no to that if I were you, Jayne. But hey, if you go for that kind of thing ... "

I struggled to stand up. "You are ... cack! Ack! ... So totally dead, pixieman."

Tim flew up to the ceiling. "Hey, watch the death threats, there, lady. I'm a family man."

Aidan grabbed my wrist and pulled me back. "Sit, Jayne. He's just being a pixie."

I glowered at my tiny soon-to-be, bad-breath-gas-chambered-roommate who was now sticking his tongue out at me. "He's just being a dead pixie is what he's being." I sat down, still grouchy, but at least now I had the pixie spitball out of my throat.

"I don't even know what just happened," said Becky, mystified.

"Never mind. Just say your goodbyes to the pixie up on the ceiling, because when we leave here, I'm going to kill him."

"Oh, no!" yelled Tim in mock fear, his hand over his heart. "Not the gas chamber! Say it isn't so!"

I tried not to smile, but unfortunately, my efforts didn't work out so well for my expression.

"You okay, Jayne? You look like you have a stomach ache," said Finn.

"Could we just get off the subject of my gas problem and back to important things like compelling angels out of the Overworld?! Jesus!"

The room went dead silent ... for about two seconds, before Finn said, "Did anybody in here talk about Jayne's gas problems? I musta missed that."

I dropped my face into my hands, trying to block out the twittering of my friends. I'd just blown my own cover.

"Jayne, I guess you're compelling them through the Gray, and you're not aware of it," said Jared, making a valiant attempt at moving on.

I took a deep breath and lifted my head. "Apparently so." I refused to look at anyone, fearing I'd either start laughing too or yelling maybe; either reaction was equally probable. I stared at the closed door. "I did it in my dream that one time, so maybe I'm doing it while I sleep. But honestly, I really didn't do it on purpose."

"So you have no memory of compelling or summoning those angels?" asked Aidan.

I turned to look at him. "No. None, whatsoever."

"That's strange," said Jared.

"Add that to the list, then," said Finn. "Looks like we got a lotta stuff goin' on that don't make much sense."

"Maybe it's not Jayne doing it," said Becky.

"What do you mean?" asked Jared.

"Well, did the angels actually see her or hear her? How did they know she was the one bringing them in?"

"I'm not sure how it works," said Jared. "I suppose we could ask them."

"Where are they?" I asked, wondering if they were in the compound. I didn't know how chummy they'd gotten with the fae in my absence.

"They're out with the green elves in the forest," volunteered Finn. "Becky could go get one if you want, probably."

She smiled, nodding at her boyfriend, seeming pleased he'd volunteered her and her awesome teleporting skills.

"Could you do that, Beck?" I asked. "I'd really like to talk to one of them."

"Which one would you like?" Becky looked from me to Jared, waiting for an answer.

I shrugged, trying to act all casual. I wanted to say Beau, just so I could stare at his handsome face some more and maybe ask him about Chase. But I didn't want to seem obvious, so I said nothing.

"Bring their leader, if he can be spared," said Jared.

I had to battle the smile that wanted to spread itself across my face.

Aidan leaned in and whispered in my ear. "Simmer down there, pup."

I elbowed him hard in the side, making him grunt. "Mind your own shit, wolfman," I whispered back. If he was going to be smelling my libido or whatever, he was going to have the shortest stint as a bodyguard ever in the history of faedom.

No one heard us because they were more focused on Becky standing up and preparing to disappear.

"Should I teleport with him? Is it urgent?"

"You'll have to ask him if he's okay with it."

"I'd vote no on that," said Finn. "Last thing we need is a pissed-off angel warrior stuck in this little room here with us. I'm not sure I could put an arrow through one of 'em. Seems kinda wrong to make an angel kabob."

Becky nudged him with her foot. "Don't even joke about that. We don't put arrows in angels."

"We do if they're about to chop our heads off," mumbled Finn.

It made me wonder what I'd missed out on the battlefield. I guess the angels were a bit bloodthirstier than I'd imaged them to be.

"I'll be back with him as soon as he'll let me be back with him," said Becky, before disappearing into thin air.

"I ain't never gonna not be jealous-a-that," sighed Finn, staring at the space where Becky used to be.

"Me neither," I said, thinking of all the crap I could have avoided in the last few months by being able to just disappear when it was convenient.

"It's all a matter of sacrifices," said Aidan.

"What?" I frowned at him, not sure we were talking about the same thing.

"Sacrifices. Water sprites get that ability, but they sacrifice others. It's all even in the end. We're all equal."

"How so?" asked Finn.

"Water sprites are physically weak, for one."

"Total wienies, every last one of 'em," agreed Tim.

"They also lack courage; and there's a lot to be said for that particular strength." He looked at me knowingly.

I blushed, not feeling particularly deserving of that moniker since I nearly peed my pants every time I saw a bad guy.

"They are also too trusting and lack the ability to think critically about many things. All of these traits are weaknesses for them, making them very vulnerable. Their only defense is to retreat. But eventually, when all you do is retreat, you lose any place you can call home; no place is a safe place anymore. Their only hope is to attach themselves to those stronger than they are." Aidan looked pointedly at Finn.

"So what yer sayin' is, Becky needs me or she's gonna have to run for the rest of her life."

"Basically, yes."

Finn nodded. "I'm okay with that. I guess I don't mind not bein' able to disappear like that so much, now that I know I'd have to be a weaklin' for it."

I nodded. "Makes sense. I guess Nature likes balance."

"Yeah, just like with you, Jayne," said Tim, acting all innocent.

I looked up at him. I should have known better, but I asked anyway. "What do you mean?"

"Well, you have the most awesome powers a fae could have, but you have the personality of someone who will constantly screw things up and never quite get a handle on things. See? Nature's delicate balancing act." He did a barrel roll followed by an upside down head-dive twist before landing back on the dresser, so pleased with me falling into his trap that he had to let out the extra happy-energy, apparently.

I smiled evilly. "Oh, yeah, Tim. I see what you mean. Like how pixies are super duper tiny, and yet have the power to blow huge fae away with a simple fart of butt-dust. Nature's balance. Makes perfect sense. I totally get it now."

Tim leaped off the dresser and flew into the center of the room, yelling his head off. "Jayne farted in the dragon's face! She's the farter, not me! She's the one!" He buzzed up to my nose. "And it's not butt-dust! It's body-dust, you fae-tard. Get it right for once in your life!"

I swatted him away, and he ducked my efforts with slick aerodynamics that were seriously impressive, even to me - the person he was trying to out as a stealth gasser. He left my area of the room, flying backwards, blowing a raspberry and flipping me off the entire way.

"What's he sayin'?" asked Finn. "I can't hear him, but he seems pretty excited."

"He is. He likes it when I brag about his butt-dust."

"Let me out of this room before I dust your fat butt," demanded Tim.

I lifted my chin at Finn. "Would you open that door there? Tim's gonna blow. He needs some open space so we don't get hurt."

My roommate's frustrated screams echoed back into the room as he flew out the door. At least, for me they did. The others sat there with blank expressions on their faces, oblivious to the true conversation. I sighed happily, my equilibrium restored. I did so love to tease me some pixie.

"So what's our next step?" asked Aidan.

"Well, we find out about the angels' arrival, wait for the information from the gray elves, and then make our next move," said Jared. "The council has to make a decision quickly."

"You mean the decision to go after some dragons," I said.

Finn reached up and stuck a finger in his ear, wiggling it around a little. "You wanna repeat that, Jayne? I coulda swore you just said you were gonna be chasin' some dragons. That can't be right."

"No, it's what I said." I smiled at him. "Interested in being part of the posse?"

He looked from me to Jared and then to Aidan. "She's kiddin', right?" He was getting seriously excited, his words coming out with quick breaths. "Y'all ain't gonna be huntin' no dragons, right?"

"Technically, we're not hunting them; but yes, she's right. We are going to search for them," answered Jared. He turned his attention back to me. "But we don't know who is going or even who is able to go. Passing into the Otherworlds as a living fae isn't normally done. We don't know if it can even be done."

"Well, I managed to do it. And we can always just have Samantha put a little spell on us. Everything'll work just fine, I'm sure." I laced my words with as much sarcasm as possible, but apparently it was lost on these turds.

"She'll definitely have to be involved," said Jared. "I doubt it could happen without her."

"Yeah. She's got some scary skills," said Aidan, nodding appreciatively.

I snorted. "As if."

"She's really good, Jayne," said Scrum. "I've see her do her thing. The other witches are all working with her. She's like the mother witch or whatever."

Hearing the term mother attached to Samantha made my ass-hairs bristle. "Whatever, Scrum. I don't care what any of you say. Every time I come into contact with her magic, I or someone I care about gets burned, which is another thing I'd like to add to our list of suspicious crap. Whenever Samantha is supposed to do a spell that involves me, it's messed up. And I know she does it on purpose. That bitch has it out for me."

"What do you mean?" asked Jared. "Give us an example."

"Well, the garden for one. She was supposed to put a spell over it so that I couldn't ... I don't know ... float away. But she didn't, and I ended up floating around in the Overworld until Tony snagged me back."

"How come we didn't hear of this?" asked Aidan, looking over at the head daemon. "Jared, did you know about this?"

"No," he said, frowning.

"And the bedrooms. She put spells on the bedrooms that lock me into Ben's room. I can get in, but I can't get out unless he lets me."

"Maybe you just didn't use the door properly," offered Scrum.

I smacked him on the shoulder. "Shut up, gnome-head. You think I can't open a simple door?"

He rubbed his arm, lifting it up and down a few times. "Doors have locks, you know."

"Yeah, well, I checked the lock. There wasn't one, actually. And Ben told me it was a spell from Samantha causing the problem, so it wasn't anything but her stupid messed-up casting keeping me in there."

"This is all news to me. I'm surprised no one's brought this to the attention of the council," said Jared, looking to Aidan.

"Don't look at me. I wasn't in a position to know. But I am now." He frowned in my direction but I could tell he wasn't mad at me. Just concerned.

I had a feeling I was going to be tripping over werewolves for the time being. I sighed. I hope they don't smell like dogs. I rocked my body to the side, surreptitiously sniffing in Aidan's general direction. So far, he'd only smelled like outside, forest, and guy; but I hadn't seen him as a wolf really, so it was highly likely he had a stench as a beast-man I wouldn't like. I decided to ask Netter for some perfume, just in case. I could put it on my sleeve or something and hold it up to my nose if Aidan got all doggy-smelling on me. I smiled inwardly, satisfied with my wolf-de-stinkifying plan.

The conversation had continued on without me, so I struggled to catch up, trying to figure out what they were talking about.

"She ain't gonna like that," said Finn, glancing at me and then looking away quickly.

"I ain't gonna like what?" I asked.

Jared repeated himself. "I said, we need to assign you a full-time body guard. Someone who's not vulnerable to the issues that daemon and werewolves are."

"We could not agree more," said a voice from the door.

A white light was shimmering there, just to the right of Finn. Finn scrambled back away from it like a crab, jumping to his feet when he was arms-length away, pulling a knife out of his boot on the way up.

"Jesus H. on a buckin' bronc, what the heck are you thinkin' sneakin' up on a guy like that?" Finn wiped his forehead off nervously, his knife blade slicing the air sideways making the innocent motion look menacing.

"I am sorry. I did not mean to frighten you," said the fully formed angel now standing in front of us.

Beau. My heart skipped a couple beats. He was even cuter than I remembered.

Becky appeared next to him. "Turns out I didn't need to transport him with me. He's got his own channel," she said, smiling. She walked over to Finn and frowned at him. "Put your knife away, Finn. You're being rude." She took her boyfriend's forearm and pushed it down to his waist.

Slowly returning his weapon to his knee-high moccasin boot, Finn never took his eyes off the angel. I could tell he didn't want to put the knife away; but it was better to be a little vulnerable to the angel than to piss off his girlfriend. Even I knew that. Besides ... if he was as good with the knife-throwing as he was with the bow and arrow, he'd probably be able to retrieve it and wing it into the angel's neck before anything bad could happen.

Beau faced me and gave a short bow. I didn't know how to respond to that, so I just stared at him, nodding slightly. I had to catch myself to keep from drooling.

"Beau, thank you for coming," said Jared, standing.

Beau acknowledged his thanks with a single nod of his head, but said nothing in response.

"We've asked you here because we have a bit of a dilemma ... a mystery ... and until we have it solved, we'd like to know that Jayne is adequately protected."

"You are a daemon."

It was a simple enough statement, but we all knew what he meant. Jared should have been able to handle this on his own without an angel's help.

"Neither daemon nor werewolf are fully capable of providing the protection that Jayne needs."

Beau raised an eyebrow, waiting for further explanation.

"The daemon ignore, by our very nature, those things that can mask themselves behind emotions. Werewolves miss the things that move above an elemental level. There's a middle ground there where things are slipping through."

The angel said and did nothing.

I joined in the conversation, unable to stop my curiosity from taking over. "They say I called you in from the Gray. Is that true?"

Beau looked at me and nodded once.

"Well, I'm not sure who started that rumor, but it wasn't me. Or I was asleep when it happened."

"That is not possible," he said. "We answered your summons. That is all I know."

"How does that work?" asked Scrum. "Do you get a page or something?"

I had to hold back a giggle, imagining a large angel waiting room with my voice coming over a loud speaker: "Attention, attention! Angels needed for ass-saving. I repeat! Angels needed for ass-saving. Report to the Here and Now!"

Beau answered, but instead of looking at Scrum, he looked at me. "No. It does not work like that."

My face went beet red. Did he just read my mind? Is he reading my mind now? I glared at him. If you are in my head right now, Beau, you better get the f**k out. I don't like having intruders in my head.

"Perhaps you should not open your mind quite so wide, then."

I gasped. "How dare you?!"

"What?" asked Becky, totally mystified. "What'd he do?" She was looking all around the room, trying to find answers on everyone's faces. But everyone but Beau and me were as clueless as she was.

I stood up. "Beau, I'm as serious as a heart attack. One more step into my head, and I'm gonna pluck you like a Christmas chicken."

"I'm pretty sure it's a goose," said Scrum quietly.

I kicked him sharply in the thigh.

"Ow, geez. Watch it. Those toes of yours are sharp."

I leaned down and flicked him on the head. My finger stung with the thumping it gave him. "Is that better?"

He reached up and rubbed his head absently. "Yeah. That one didn't hurt so much. I'm glad I have puffy hair."

"Yeah. Me too," I said, reaching down one last time to tweak a small clump of it.

"Youch! Okay, that one hurt. I felt that one for sure."

I turned my attention back to the head-invader. "Seriously. Angel or not, that's none of your business, what I have going on in there. Stay out or suffer the consequences." I had visions of going over his head to Chase. Or higher. I hadn't really meant the plucking thing. I couldn't imagine pulling a feather out of an angel's wings. That'd probably get me sent to the Underworld for the rest of eternity.

He shrugged ever-so-slightly. "As you wish."

"So either Jayne is compelling angels totally without her knowledge or conscious thought ..." started Aidan.

"... Or someone's doing it but making it look like it's Jayne," finished Jared. "That's just ..."

"...Wrong," said Aidan, shaking his head.

It was creepy, watching the two of them look so unsettled. And it wasn't even their heads being messed with, it was mine. I started to feel sick over it.

"I can determine the origin of the summons," said Beau. "Shall I?"

"Yes, please," said Jared. "But do me a favor ... don't tell anyone you're doing it, okay? No one on the council or anyone outside this room."

I was feeling sick earlier, but it was nothing compared to the horrible feeling of dread that overtook me now. "You think we have someone on the council out to get me?" I asked in a weak voice.

"No, I don't. But it's better to be safe than sorry," said Jared.

Beau nodded his head. "Is there anything else?"

"Yes. We need protection for Jayne."

"I shall see to it," he said simply, before fading out and disappearing.

The room was silent for what seemed like way too long. Everyone was looking around; and I don't know about the rest of them, but I was measuring the oh-shit factor I saw registered on all their faces. Oh-shit factor nine out of ten. I am in some serious trouble now, and it's not even my fault this time.

"Looks like you've made some enemies, Jayne," said Becky.

I frowned at her. "Thanks, Becks. Thanks for pointing out the obvious."

She grimaced. "Oops. Was that obvious? I didn't know. If I were you I'd be bawling right now."

"That's because you're a wienie water sprite."

She stuck her tongue out at me, and for some reason, it made me feel not so soon-to-be-dead.

"Thanks, Beck. I know I can always count on you to be real."

She frowned for a couple seconds and then smiled. "I'm not sure if that was meant to be a compliment, but I'm taking it that way anyway."

I walked over and grabbed her into a big hug. "It was. I need real right now."

We pulled apart and Becky reached up to wipe a tear from her eye. "All you have to do is give me a hug, and there I go falling apart. You're right. I am a total wienie."

Finn grabbed her into an embrace and patted her back. "That's why we like you so much."

"You like wienies?" she said, into his chest.

He frowned, looking at all of us worriedly. But he answered her anyway. "Yeah. I like wienies."

I couldn't help but laugh, right along with the rest of our friends. I so wished Spike were with us right now so he could go to town on Finn about liking wienies.

Jared rubbed his hands together and then clapped them once. "Well, I guess that's about all I had to talk about tonight. It's getting late. What do you guys think about breaking up the party for now and regrouping tomorrow?"

"Works for me," I said, grabbing the handle of the door. "Anyone feel like walking me to my room?" I was feeling a little vulnerable after all the talk of a mole out to get me and everything.

"I'll do it," said Aidan, getting up. "See you guys later."

"Want me to go too?" asked Scrum.

"Nah. I got me a werewolf at my back," I said, patting Aidan on the arm. "What more could a girl ask for?"

"A daemon," said Scrum, confused.

"Yeah, okay. Come on then, Scrum. You're right." I wasn't going to turn down an extra set of muscle, even though I was sure I wouldn't need it. I didn't want him to think I didn't appreciate his skills or loyalty.

I walked out into the hallway with the two guys, and before the door was even shut, I was struck with an idea.

"Before we go back to my room, I need to make a quick side trip."

"A side trip? Where?" asked Aidan, sounding suspicious.

"To the dungeons. I want to see the demon-Spike. The imposter."

"Uhhh, Jayne, I'm not so sure that's such a good idea," said Scrum.

I patted him on the shoulder as I passed him. "I know. That's why you're such a good daemon. Come on."

I continued down the hall, imagining the dungeons where I'd once met a buggane posing as my guardian angel.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

WE ARRIVED AT THE DOOR and voices were coming from within. I put my ear next to the wood, trying to determine if it was one person going bonkers from being alone too long or if there was more than one person inside. I was sad when I realized the only voice I heard was Spike's, and he seemed to be having a conversation with himself.

I looked at Aidan and Scrum, pulling away from the door. "I think he's lost it."

"What do you mean?" asked Aidan.

"He's talking to himself."

"Maybe he's not," said Scrum.

Scrum's weird answer along with the strange expression on his face caused me to abandon the conversation and knock.

"Hello?" I said.

I heard footsteps and then a voice. Spike's voice.

"Jayne? Is that you?"

"Yes. Is that you, Spike, or is it the other Spike? The demon-Spike?"

"It's really me." I could hear a loud sigh. "What are you doing here?"

He didn't sound happy to hear me outside his door which did nothing but confuse me more. "I came to check on the jackoff Spike. I didn't expect to find you here. Why are you in prison? I'm coming in."

"No! Jayne, just stay outside."

I stepped back, alarmed. He sounded angry. Or upset.

"Why?" I asked, my voice lacking strength and conviction. My confidence in his feelings for me was quickly ebbing.

"I don't want you to see me like this."

Bad hair day? This, I can handle. "Listen, Spike. Nothing you say is going to stop me from coming in, so just step away from the door."

"Please, Jayne, don't come in."

"Shut up." I stepped back, getting ready to bring The Green into me.

"Uh, Jayne? Maybe you should just try the handle first," said Aidan.

I laughed. "Yeah, right."

Aidan wasn't laughing with me.

"Are you serious?" I asked, looking at him, but stepping back to the door and grasping the handle.

Aidan nodded.

I pulled on it and the door started to open. But then it was yanked out of my hand and slammed shut again.

"What the hell?" I said, mostly to myself.

I pulled on the handle again, but was only able to get it to move about a half-inch before it shut once more. I put two hands on it and yanked hard, getting it to separate from the frame for a fraction of a second before it was pulled out of my hands.

"Spike! Let the damn door go!"

"No! I told you to go away!"

"Motherfucker," I said, totally bemused about him being so desperate not to see me that he'd hold the door closed on me. I turned to Scrum and then Aidan. "I need you two to open this door."

"I'm not sure that's the best course of action, Jayne," said Aidan.

I fixed him with a steely glare. "Open this door, or I'm going to do something really mean." This was a big step for me, giving out warnings, so I hoped he appreciated it.

He smiled. "Like what?"

"Like using The Green to send your werewolf ears into crazyland."

Aidan frowned. "You wouldn't."

I smiled. "You'd better bet your hairy ass I would."

He sighed loudly at me, his disapproval clear. "Don't say I didn't warn you."

I shrugged. "Whatever. Just open it, please."

Scrum stepped back out of the way and Aidan grasped the handle, putting his back into it, pulling with everything he had and causing it to fly open. The door swung out, bringing a body along with it.

I was tackled by something that had come from the cell, a smelly, black, leathery body landing on top of me.

I struggled desperately to get away. "Aidan! Scrum! Help! It's on me!"

The laughing caused me to freeze in place. My struggles ceased completely as my brain fired and misfired, trying to make sense of what I was seeing and hearing.

Aidan and Scrum stood off to the side, smiling like idiots.

"Hey, Jayne. How's it going?" asked the nasty demon lying on top of me. And I swear, he had Spike's smile.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

I PUSHED HIS LEATHERY HIDE off of me, sickened at the idea of rolling around on the floor with a nasty creature who'd stolen my friend's voice.

Scrum helped me to my feet, his face totally blank.

"Thanks for the warning," I said, brushing myself off. I wasn't as alarmed about the idea of a demon in front of me as I probably should have been, but he had Spike's voice which made him seem harmless. I also had a badass werewolf standing to my right who'd sworn to protect me and a daemon on my left who looked like he could be ready in a hurry to hug the shit out of somebody if need be. But just in case, I brought a little of The Green into me. I felt the warm tingle as it filled my body.

The demon lifted its head up off the floor and sniffed. "Oh, man, I've missed the way you smell and look when you have The Green in you."

I stepped back, a little freaked out about how much this creature sounded like the real Spike. And then I leaped back farther when another voice came from inside the cell, also sounding exactly like Spike. "Do get up from the floor, would you please? That is my body you are abusing, you know."

I grabbed Aidan's and Scrum's arms, prepared to throw a shield up around all three of us. "Guys, there's some seriously next-level shit going on here, and I'm about to go ballistic."

"It's really not that next-level, Jayne. It's a simple possession," said Aidan.

"Simple my butt," said the demon, getting to his feet. "Someone screwed up somewhere. When I get my body back I'm going to find out who it is and suck the life out of them."

I dropped my bodyguards' arms and stepped cautiously towards the demon, understanding finally dawning. "Spike? Is that you in there? The real Spike?"

He was on his feet now, using his clawed hands to brush the dirt off his knees. "Yeah, unfortunately it is." He stood up and put his arms out. "How do you like my new look? Pretty handsome, eh?" He did a slow turn.

I smiled. "I've seen you look better. Like, much better."

"God, I hope so," he said, sounding sadder than I've ever heard him. His arms dropped to his sides and his shoulders sagged.

I leaped at him, hugging him so hard around the neck, I cut his air supply off for a few seconds; but he didn't seem to mind.

"Missed you," I said into his nasty ear.

"Missed you, too, punk."

I pulled back, looking into his demon-red eyes. "Why am I a punk?"

"Because you took advantage of the situation and picked my brain when I wasn't there to protect it from your questions."

I squeezed him one more time before letting go and stepping back. "I didn't have to ask. Blabbermouth over there just wouldn't shut up."

The real Spike turned to the demon-Spike and said, "You and me are going to battle this out when I get back where I'm supposed to be. What you did was wrong, dude."

I snorted, unable to control the laughter that rose up as a result of hearing a demon talk like my tattooed musician friend.

"I am afraid to disappoint you, but after we are put to rights, I will be leaving this realm. Therefore, you will not get the opportunity for retribution. But trust me, it is not worth the potential aftereffects. Stay good, Spike. Do not, as they say, come over to the dark side. It is quite ... lonely." He looked pointedly at me.

"Yeah, Spike," I chimed in, "don't murder anyone, because the Underworld totally sucks. And since I don't plan on going there, I'd appreciate you not going there either."

His demon lips pulled back from his sharp yellowy teeth in what I think might have been a smile - but it was so ghastly, it made my heart skip a beat in fear.

"Awww, Jayne. Did you miss me while I was gone?" The demon reached out to grab me.

I stepped back out of his reach, and Scrum moved forward to intercept him, ready to start hugging if the demon got out of hand with his affection.

"Listen, Spike. I want that hug and all, but until you're out of that demon body, I think we'd better just wait." I shuddered once, unable to help myself.

His head dropped to his chest, and he looked down at the ground. "But what if I can't ever get out of it? What if I'm stuck in this costume forever?"

"What? That's ridiculous." I looked at Aidan. "Get a witch in here, would ya? This guy didn't do anything wrong."

"They've already tried," said Aidan softly.

I looked at the two Spikes, confirmation of Aidan's words on their faces.

"Are you friggin kidding me?" I asked, not believing it. "The witches can fix anything. They fixed pixelation and made this compound invisible to humans, even with its size and number of occupants. No way could they be stumped over this one."

"It is true, I am afraid," said the fake demon-Spike. "Several witches have already tried."

My suspicious nature took over. "Any chance one of them was Samantha?"

Demon-Spike looked up at me. "She was the first, as a matter of fact."

I narrowed my eyes in anger and looked over at Aidan. "How much you want to bet she f**ked something up? On purpose."

Aidan gave me a patient smile. "Come on, Jayne. You can't really believe she'd do that."

Scrum joined him with the whole disbelief thing. "Sam's really nice. I don't think she'd do something like that, Jayne."

"Oh yeah? We'll see about that."

I grabbed the demon's hand and pulled him next to me, looking into the cell at the imposter. "Fake Spike? Come on. We're leaving." I began dragging the real Spike with me down the hallway.

"Where are we going?" asked the real Spike, sounding hopeful.

"We're going to see Maggie."

The fake demon-Spike came up next to us. "Who's Maggie?"

"The old witch in the tree," said Aidan. "And I'm going down on record as saying this is a very bad idea."

"If you don't want to come, you don't have to," I said.

"I'm going. No way would I let you go there without at least one of us," said Scrum. "But I'm not happy about it. She's not a very nice lady."

"I have no choice, Jayne, you know that," said Aidan. "You are choosing for me."

I stopped suddenly, causing the Spikes to run into one another. They quickly separated without a word, watching me closely.

"Don't put that shit on me, Aidan. You either wolf-up and agree to come without fear and without complaining, or you choose your own way and leave me alone. I'm not responsible for you coming with me. That's all on you."

"If you wish," he said, giving me a half bow.

"No! It's not what I wish. It's what is. So either you come of your own free will or you stay. But don't b.s. either of us and try to say you're being forced, because you're not."

"Fair enough." He bowed again.

"If you friggin bow at me one more time, I'm going to brain you with my stick."

He winked at me. "As you wish."

I glared at him. "I hate winking too, by the way."

"What should I do to show you I agree to your terms. Flap my arms? Do a dance?"

"Either one would be fine," I said with a totally straight face.

The stupid werewolf totally launched himself into a jig in the hallway, flapping his arms a little for effect. Scrum joined him, unabashedly giggling as he bounced his rotund, barrel-shaped body back and forth from wall to wall, bumping into the wolf-man with abandon. They looked like they were in a mosh pit at a chess club meeting. Pitiful.

I shook my head. "Fine. You guys are idiots. Now get out of my way." I pushed past them to continue on my mission, but it was impossible to miss the chuckle they shared under their breath.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

WE REACHED THE TREE EVEN though there was little light to guide us. I used a ball of Green energy to illuminate the hallway and forest paths on the way, but let it drop away when we were standing at the foot of the Ancient. I stepped up to the door, knocking three times without hesitation.

No one answered.

I knocked three times again, this time louder.

Still, the only sounds we heard were those of the night creatures shifting in the brush around us. An owl hooted, bringing on the spooky.

"That's weird. She's always home unless she's hunting mushrooms and stuff. But that's during the day."

I tapped into the ley line below our feet, trying to get a handle on where Maggie might be. I knew her signature, and although she was capable of hiding it from me, she rarely did. She's here somewhere.

I frowned, reaching up to knock on the door even louder. "I know you're here, you old bat! Open up! I have an emergency situation on my hands right now!"

"She's not here, Jayne," said the real Spike. "Can we go? This place is giving me the creeps." He rubbed his arms up and down with his clawed hands, as if trying to warm himself up.

I frowned at him. "Just chillax, alright? She's here, I can feel her inside. She's just playing games."

"Perhaps she is sleeping and does not wish to be disturbed," said the fake demon-Spike.

"She can sleep in tomorrow. This is more important than her beauty rest. It doesn't help her anyway, trust me."

I banged on the door about ten times. I knew she'd hate that. She'd answer just so she could yell at me now.

"Come out, come out, wherever you are! Little pig, little pig, let me in! I'm ready to be threatened! I have pixie wings! I just told a lie! You're an ugly old hag! That was the truth!"

I said everything I could think of that would get a reaction out of her, but still, there was nothing. "That's it," I said, backing up. "Get out of the way, guys. I have to blow this mother off."

"Maybe we should just try the handle first," said Scrum.

"She's not going to leave her door open," I said. Dumbass. Who'd leave their tree door unlocked when they so obviously don't want to be bothered?

He reached around me and took the handle, easily pushing the door inward.

He had the grace to say nothing, and I lacked the maturity to tell him he was right. I stepped carefully into the tree house, soon enveloped in utter darkness.

"Maggie? Are you in here?"

A muffled yell and some rhythmic banging came from the corner of the room.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

AIDAN PUSHED ME OUT OF the way and charged inside. Scrum and the real Spike came next, moving me farther back. The fake demon-Spike was last, putting himself between me and whatever was inside Maggie's house. They all four stood in a line, legs spread, fists up, ready to kick ass on my behalf.

Nothing happened. No one showed himself and no sounds came, except more muffled complaints.

I brought up my ball of Green light again, adding more of the energy into it, enough so that the entire interior of the space was lit. It was then that we found the source of the muted sounds in the room. Maggie was gagged and bound to her rocking chair over in the corner, struggling weakly to get free. I pushed the guys out of my way and ran over to her.

To say that Maggie was having a bad hair day was an understatement. She never had good hair, but right now it looked like someone had used it to mop her floor - and she had a dirt floor.

I quickly untied the rope holding her wrists behind the chair and removed the gag from her mouth. A dry, rasping cough blasted out of her two-thousand-year-old lungs and didn't seem to want to stop.

Aidan went to the kitchen area and came back with a glass of water. "Here. Give her this."

Maggie held out a hand for it, but it was shaking so badly, I had to hold the cup for her. I put one hand on her back and rubbed it while she took a couple sips. I tried not to get ill over the lumpy surface I felt under her nubby cloak.

"What the hell happened in here, Maggie?" I asked, looking around. The place had been turned upside down. All the jars that were normally on her shelves were spread across the floor, many of them broken. Neither of her giant rats was anywhere to be seen. The door to the pantry or other room - I didn't really know what it was - was hanging from a single hinge, the other pulled out of the wall. It was closed, but not well.

"Demons," she croaked out. "You need to leave, Jayne. Leave and don't come back," she gasped before the coughing overtook her again.

I got angry, real quick. "Fuck that, Maggie. I'm not going anywhere. Tell me who it was so I can go wipe the friggin forest with his ass." Maggie wasn't my favorite person in the world, but it took some special kind of evil to kick a two-thousand-year-old lady's ass like this.

She looked fearfully at the pantry, grasping my hand with her boney fingers. "Go," she whispered, her eyes darting to the front door and then back to the broken one.

I got a really bad feeling, slowly standing and turning towards the kitchen. But before I could warn my friends, a voice came from across the room and froze the blood in my veins. The broken door flew open, banging against the wall and falling further off-kilter.

"Well, well, well. If it isn't Jayne Blackthorn. To what do I owe this pleasure?"

I nearly fainted when Rick the Dick came walking out of Maggie's other room. Rick the Dick, speaking in Torrie's demon voice, smiling at me like he did the night he'd come for me in my bedroom.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

MY HAND WAS ON MAGGIE'S shoulder, squeezing her hard. I didn't realize how hard until she flinched with the pain. I glanced down at her, still in total freak-out mode, but now feeling extra terrible since I'd hurt an old lady who'd so recently been used to wipe the floor, bound, and gagged.

"Oops! Sorry, Maggie," I whispered.

She waved me off, still unable to speak. But she could hold the cup now and dropped her face down into it to take another drink.

I turned back to Torrie, doubly angry now that I realized he'd come down on another woman in my family tree. "What in the hell are you doing in this realm? You don't belong here."

He looked at the fake demon-Spike. "I could say the same for your friend."

I noticed my fake friend was staring at the floor, purposely not looking at Torrie. Hmmmm, I wonder why ... I'd have to muddle that one through later. But first, I had to kill me some demon.

"Jayne, this guy is seriously bad news," said the real Spike. "We need to get out of here."

"Oh, no. Please stay," said Torrie. "Maggie and I were just catching up. Talking about old times, weren't we, Maggie?"

She was staring into her cup, frowning, saying nothing in response.

I was totally confused. Why wasn't she telling him to go to hell? Why wasn't she throwing a demon-be-gone spell on his sorry ass? I really hated it when shit didn't make sense in my world.

Since no one else was jumping in, I took the bull by the horns. "Torrie, why are you here and what do you want?"

He shrugged. "Surely you know this and I do not need to repeat myself."

I put my finger in my chin, tipping my head slightly so the sarcasm could really flow. "Hmmmm, let's see ... well, there's the fact that you want to have a demon baby with me. And, mmmm, oh, yeah, you want to destroy all the fae. Oh, and, I almost forgot ... you also want to go to an all-you-can-eat human soul buffet and be able to come back here to live so you can accomplish all those goals. Did I miss anything?"

His nostrils flared and his jaw twitched. "You are incorrect on all counts. Why am I not surprised?"

"Maybe because you're a psychopathic killer who can't remember what one of his many split personalities said to me from one day to the next?"

"I do not have a split personality."

"I beg to differ." I'd been waiting for most of my teen life to say that line to an adult. I couldn't keep the smile off my face.

"Jayne, perhaps it isn't the best idea to accuse him of having a mental illness," said Aidan.

"Oh, I'm not. He knows he's a lunatic. I'm just mocking him, mostly."

"An even better idea," said Aidan dryly. He stood up straighter, moving his feet farther apart. "Oh well. I suppose it's better to die in battle than of old age."

Scrum took a similar stance, his fists opening and closing rhythmically.

I frowned at their battle stances, Aidan's comment drawing my attention away from harassing Torrie momentarily. "We're not going to fight anyone right now." I pulled The Green from the light in my hands and added to it, putting a shield around myself and my friends, including the fake demon-Spike. Then I looked over at Torrie. "I'm just taking this shithead down once and for all, and then we're bringing Maggie back to the healers so she can get her damn hair fixed. No amount of regular shampoo or brush is going to work ... not with that mess. She's going to need some serious magic."

I smiled a little at her scowl. It was a sure sign she was already feeling better.

Looking back over at Torrie, I noticed for the first time that he had one hand behind his back. When he'd first walked out, I'd thought it was just part of his swagger, but the longer he kept it back there, the more it started to look suspicious.

"What are you hiding, Torrie?"

Maggie shifted in her seat, struggling to get up.

"Stay, Maggie. You're too weak."

"He cannot ...," she gasped out, still fighting gravity. But gravity was definitely winning. Her butt was like some sort of anchor, causing her to fall back into her chair out of breath.

"Give it up, Torrie," I said. "Whatever you think you're taking out of here, you're not."

He glared at me. "I'm taking what is mine and nothing more. Maggie knows this." He drew a small wooden box from behind his back.

The second I saw it, I knew what it was. My voice dropped its threats and a strong feeling of misgiving came over me. I didn't know what this meant, but I knew it wasn't good. "You're taking the tiny Torrie."

"You know about this," he said flatly. "You are in this with her."

"No. I mean, yes and no. I know about the tiny Torrie, but I don't know why it's here or really what it is."

Aidan leaned in towards me and whispered, "What's a tiny Torrie?"

I whispered back. "That demon over there is Torrie. There's a miniature version of him in that box. And it's alive."

Aidan jerked away from me and then amazingly, took a step away from Maggie too. "Dark magic," he said, a thread of fear wound around his words.

I looked down at Maggie, trying to read her reaction, but all I saw was obstinance. I'll deal with you later, old lady. Turning my attention back to Torrie, I said, "Fine. Take your tiny Torrie and beat it. Don't come back here again, and leave Maggie alone. She's an old lady and shouldn't be tied to a chair, as tempting as it might be to do it. Believe me, I understand more than most."

Maggie tried to kick me, but I was too far away for her to reach now. I walked up to the edge of my shield, staring at Torrie. "You need to leave now."

He smiled, opening up the box, gently taking out the tiny version of himself.

"No!" yelled Maggie from behind me.

I didn't even look back at her. I just watched in fascination as Torrie stared at the tiny version of himself. The little creature was no longer a demon, as it had been when I'd seen it on the day Maggie had used it in a brew to bring the demon Garrett into the Here and Now from the Underworld. Now the tiny thing was just a man. Almost pixie-ish, but without the wings. He was good-looking too, if you could get past the fact that he was only four inches high and, well, a psychotic killer.

"It's a mimicker," said Aidan, nearly whispering. His voice had taken on a very high tone, making him sound like he was ready to panic. It was a terrible thing to hear, especially coming from a werewolf who was supposed to be my bodyguard.

"Yes, it is," said the demon-Spike. "She has kept it here for many ages."

Torrie, as Rick the Dick, looked up at Maggie, actual tears in his eyes.

My world was spinning with the complete lack of sense things were making. I felt light-headed and lost.

"Why?" Torrie said softly. "Why would you do this to me?"

To see a nasty-ass demon - the one who'd murdered my mother and tried to do the same to my friends - crying and nearly pleading with Maggie, was nothing short of mind-blowing. I didn't care what Aidan said this time. This was some serious next-level shit, like I'd never seen before. I'd never been more confused in my life, and from the looks on my friend's faces, neither had they.

Maggie just grunted. "The Fates do what needs must."

His nostrils flared again and the tears dried up. "You do what suits you and your machinations, that is all. Nothing more, nothing less. You have meddled in my affairs for the last time, witch."

She cackled. "It will take a demon a lot stronger than you to take me to task, Torrence Silverthorn!"

He tipped his head back and roared, the sound making me want to run, hide, and never come out. This was the stuff that nightmares were made of.

Aidan stepped up close to my right side and Scrum did the same on my left. The two Spikes moved to stand in front of me. Now my view of Torrie was effectively blocked, which made it impossible for me to use The Green to take him down.

"Jayne Blackthorn!" Torrie yelled, before I had time to push my friends out of the way. "I hereby call in my favor! Send me back to where I belong!"

"What?" I asked, mostly to myself. "What's he talking about?"

Aidan looked at me. "What is he talking about?"

"Jayne?" said Scrum, not looking at me, but his voice almost pleading.

"How the hell do I know?" I said, freaking out.

Torrie took a step towards our shield, stopping just on the outside of it. I looked over the fake demon-Spike's shoulder, meeting Torrie's gaze.

He spoke in a calm, proud voice. "You vowed that the day I asked, you would send me back to where I belong. I am redeeming that promise now. Send me back now."

"How?" I asked. No one could be happier than I was about sending this turd bag back to hell. "Just tell me what to do."

"Don't!" screeched Maggie.

"Shhhh, you old bat. You've caused enough trouble already," I said, waving her off.

She kept trying to stand, but her legs and arms wouldn't cooperate. I ignored her.

"Maybe you should listen to her," said Aidan. "She's the most powerful witch in our realm."

"Yeah, right. And look where it got us - a demon in the kitchen and Garrett running all over the compound. She's a screw-up, just like me." I looked back at her. "I guess the apple doesn't fall far from the tree."

She curled her lip at me. "You are about to show the world just how far from this tree you have fallen, girl." She finished with a snarl that I think was supposed to scare me, but all it did was make me laugh.

"Whatevs." I was used to being wrong. Threatening me with making a mistake wasn't going to stop me now. I needed this guy gone. I faced the demon wearing the Rick the Dick body with firm resolve. "Tell me what to do, Torrie."

"Wrap me in your power. Tell it to send me where I belong. It will know what to do."

I squinted my eyes, wondering if it could really be that simple. But I knew enough about my Earth element to know that it was pure. If it was in charge of what was going on, it had to be right for the universe.

I left the shield in place around us and added a little power to my field, drawing some of it around Torrie until he looked like he was standing in a green tube with a lid on it.

He closed his eyes, a small smile playing across his lips. The miniature version of himself stood in his hand, doing the exact same thing. It was creepy as hell.

I closed my eyes, blocking out the vision and trying to ignore the feelings of misgiving that Maggie's words had planted in my mind. I am not screwing this up. I am not doing the wrong thing. Everyone should be where he belongs, even the bad guys. Sending someone to the Underworld is not going to get me in trouble. I chanted several more reassuring lines to myself until I felt confident enough to try my hand at teleporting souls, and then I asked The Green what Torrie had asked me to.

Earth element and the power of The Green, I ask that you send the demon Torrence Silverthorn back where he belongs.

The first thing I heard was Spike - the real one - saying, "Whoa. That was pretty cool."

Then Maggie spoke up, her voice sounding much clearer and stronger now. "Well, I hope you're happy with yourself. You've just loosed evil on the world."

I stopped breathing for a second and opened my eyes, not surprised to see an empty green tube with no demon in it anymore. Just the wooden box lay on the floor where Torrie had been standing.

My lungs began working again, and I turned to Maggie, letting the force that used to be around Torrie come back to me. "Shut up, you old bag. A simple thank you for saving your sorry butt would be nice."

She rocked the chair back and forth, a bitter smile on her face. "Thank you for destroying the plan I've had in place for over a thousand years ... that I spent almost half my life working towards. Thank you. How can I ever repay you?"

I shook my head. No way was I letting her ruin this for me. "Listen, Grandma-to-the-tenth-power, I get that you're cranky for getting caught by a demon and having your nasty little ingredients taken from you and having your 'do royally messed up in the process. But I did what was right. You can't keep fae or whatever trapped here if that's not where they belong."

"You are the one keeping him here now, not me. And you will live with the consequences of your actions. Don't come crying to me later over it."

The real Spike nudged me. "Maybe we should leave now," he whispered.

"Not yet. Maggie, I need you to help me get my friend's soul back into his body."

She cackled, still rocking back and forth, picking up the pace a little. "Ha! That is a funny joke. Come back tomorrow. Perhaps by then I will forget how you've destroyed everything I've worked for."

I sighed. So she wanted to play hardball. Fine. Two can play at that game. I bent down and retrieved the rope from the floor where I'd dropped it. "If that's the way you want to do it," I said, stepping over and grabbing her hands, forcing them behind the chair.

"What are you doing?!" she screeched, struggling feebly against me.

"What's it look like I'm doing?" I asked, wrapping the rope around her hands. "I can't have you running amok, stealing souls and locking them up in boxes, now, can I?" I wasn't sure that's what was actually there with those mimicker things, but it sounded close enough that I stuck with it.

"You have no idea what you're talking about!"

"Maybe I don't. But I know I need you to do this for me, and that if I leave here I have no idea when I'll see you again." I stood, putting my hands on my hips. "So when you're ready to cooperate, I'll come back and let you out. Just send me a message through the ley lines."

She struggled to get free, but I'd made sure to let her know I meant business, adding a little of The Green to the knots so there'd be no way she could get free from them. At least not while I was standing there.

I gestured towards the door. "Come on, guys. It's bedtime. I'm tired."

"You can't leave me like this!" she yelled at my back.

"Watch me," I said, not even looking at her.

I was halfway out the door when she said, "Wait," in a quiet voice.

I turned around, the last one to leave. "What'd you say?" I put my finger up to my ear. "I'm sorry, I didn't quite catch that."

She frowned at me. "I said wait."

I sighed. "Are you ready to be reasonable?"

"Yes."

"Are you telling the truth?"

She sighed. "Yes."

I sensed that she was, so I walked back over to her and stood in front of her chair. "My friend has been possessed by a demon. They can't switch back. I need you to do it for me."

"I know."

"Will you?"

"If you untie me, I will consider it."

"No deal. If I untie you, you do it. No questions asked, no bullshit. Otherwise, plan to spend the night or the week or the month or whatever it takes in that damn rocking chair. I hope you can hold that water, by the way."

"You wouldn't," she growled.

I grinned. "Oh, I would."

She stared me down but then just said one word. "Truth."

"You bet your sweet wrinkled ass it is," I said, motioning for my friends to join me back in the room.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

THE SPIKES AND I WORKED at putting all of Maggie's unbroken jars back up on the kitchen shelves and sweeping up the mess on the floor, while Maggie gathered ingredients to add to her big black pot. Some magical fire underneath got the steam coming out of the top of it within just a few minutes.

Aidan and Scrum stood off to the side, silently observing and saying nothing.

Maggie went into her pantry and a few seconds later, screamed.

I went running to the entrance, the guys close on my heels.

"What?!" I yelled into the darkness. It took a little bit of time for my eyes to adjust, but once they did, I could see why she was so upset. What looked like hundreds of little wooden boxes were all over the floor, pulled off shelves that lined the room and stood in rows, going farther back into a space that was impossibly long. Several of the boxes were open and little creatures sat in those openings, looking around as if stunned.

"What in the hell is this, Maggie?" I stared at the wreckage around us, not really understanding what it all was, but knowing in my bones that it was seriously bad news.

"Get out!" she shrieked, sounding completely unhinged. "You have no business in here!"

I stepped inside, ignoring her mania. I reached down and picked up a box that was open, looking at the little person who sat inside. He stared up at me, confused. He reminded me of a little pet or something. Not exactly totally human or fae, guileless, a little worried as to what I wanted or what I was doing with him. That's how my dog Blackie had been when I first got him. Two days later, his real personality came out and he became the badass I grew to adore, but I still remembered the innocence that was his baby-self.

"Why do you have all these little fae in boxes in here?" I asked, almost not wanting to know the answer. For sure it was going to freak me out.

She shuffled over, kicking boxes out of her way, and grabbed the one from my hands, snapping it shut and slipping the clasp forward to lock it in place. "Leave. Now."

I put my hands on my hips. "Dammit, Maggie, what the hell? I'm no witch, but I have to say ... this shit looks very wrong to me."

"If you want your friend back where he belongs, you will leave this room immediately and question me no further." She poked me once in the arm with her boney finger. "Truth!"

I frowned at her but backed out of the room, bumping into my friends who were still in the doorway.

None of them said anything, but I felt warm hands on my upper arms, pulling me back out into the kitchen. The fake demon-Spike pushed the broken pantry door closed behind me as best he could, giving Maggie the privacy she wanted. The door still hung cock-eyed, but we could no longer see her mass of boxes on the floor and the empty shelves that used to hold them.

I turned to my friends. "Someone tell me what the hell that was, please, because my mind is going to all kinds of freaky places right now, and I just need to get it all straight."

"Those were mimickers. Hundreds of them," said Aidan softly.

"Maybe thousands," said Scrum, sounding sad.

"What is a mimicker?" I asked. I knew they could be used to make some seriously potent spells, but that's it.

"They are a piece of a person's soul. There's no reason for a witch to have even one, let alone a legion of them."

The fake demon-Spike spoke. "There were rumors ..."

We turned to look at him.

He shook his head and continued. "I just never believed them. It all seemed so ... fantastic."

"Fantastic as in good?" I asked, knowing my hope was fruitless.

"No. Fantastic, as in not possible."

"What?" I prodded. "Come on, the suspense is killing me."

"It's dark magic," said Aidan.

"Not necessarily," said the fake demon-Spike. "For eons there have always been the Fates."

"Fate like destiny?" I asked.

"No. Fates as in the witches who meddle in people's destinies," said the fake demon-Spike. "But we never know if what we hear is rumor or truth in the Underworld. Even in the Here and Now, the fantastic mingles with reality so closely, it's difficult to know where one stops and the other begins."

The door to the pantry flew open before the conversation could go any further.

"Stop your yammering and help me with this spell." Maggie shuffled over to the kitchen table, dumping two handfuls of things into the pot. She gestured to the shelf. "Bring me the blue bottle."

The real Spike reached for the bottle.

"No! Not that one. The other blue one."

Spike's hand hovered over the one that was two bottles down. Maggie grunted, so he pulled it off and gave it to her.

She took the top off and dumped the entire contents into the pot, making a poof of purple smoke come up to surround her head. For a second I glimpsed another person in the haze - someone younger and much prettier. But then she was gone, and the same old nasty Maggie remained, her hair no better than it had been when we'd first walked in.

"Come here, you two," she said, looking from the real to the fake Spike.

They stepped up to the table, one on each side, the pot between them.

"Take hands," she said, stepping back away from her brew. She went to her shelf and took down a very small gray bottle, one that looked like it was empty but very dirty.

The two Spikes reached over the pot and took each other's hands. They looked like a very ugly couple getting ready to exchange vows over a vat of soup. I would have laughed if I hadn't been so worried that I was about to lose my friend to some really bad fate.

I ran over to the real Spike's side, putting my hand on his arm. "Spike."

He met my gaze, his demon-red eyes looking at me but no longer freaking me out. I could see him in there somewhere, I knew I could.

"Yeah?"

"I'm sorry," I said softly.

He smiled, grinning with his ghastly teeth at me. "What for? This isn't your fault."

"Not about that. About ... you know. Blowing you off or whatever. You didn't deserve that."

"I'll tell you what. If you really feel bad about it, you can make it up to me later." He winked.

I cuffed him gently on the back of the head, smiling. "Same old Spike." I wasn't complaining. There was something to be said for undying affection even in the face of demon possession.

"Always," he said, before turning back to stare at his own face over Maggie's pot. "Dude, you'd better run faster than you've ever run before after this is over, because when this lady's done with us, I'm going to kill you."

The fake demon-Spike shrugged. "It makes no difference to me. I will end up in the same place I have been for altogether too long anyway. Do what you must."

"Don't do that, Spike," I said. "I think this karma thing is more complicated than I realized before. If you kill him, even though he deserves it, I think it's only going to hurt you. Just let him go."

"He told you everything, Jayne." All of Spike's good humor dissipated in the space of a single second. "He stole my body and my damn head. My memories. My secrets!" His voice went hoarse and he looked up at the ceiling, trying to gather himself.

I rubbed his back. "I know. Just let it go. He hasn't hurt you or me."

"I find that very hard to believe," he said, looking down and then up again at his enemy. "Run, dude. That's all I'm gonna say."

The fake demon-Spike nodded once, pressing his lips together.

"Get back!" spat Maggie, gesturing at me.

I moved to stand by Aidan and Scrum. The werewolf put his arm around my upper back in a comforting gesture. "Don't worry. Everything's going to be okay."

Maggie moved away from the table too, opening the cloudy jar in her hand as she went. She was muttering things under her breath, but I couldn't make any of it out. She stared at the brew, her lips moving and her eyebrows jumping around. She was like a mad scientist getting ready to raise her Frankenstein from the slab.

She tipped the jar into her other hand, closing her fist around whatever spilled out. Her last words, the ones she uttered just before throwing the contents of her hand into the pot, came across the room very clearly to my ear.

"And so the Fates mote it be!"

She threw the stuff into the brew and jumped back, either on her own power or from the concussion that came out of the pot, I didn't know which. Aidan, Scrum, and I were thrown back too, landing squarely on our butts, enveloped completely in a cloud of dark gray smoke.

"Holy shit!" I yelled. "Way to warn us, Maggie."

I stood up coughing, pulled to my feet by Aidan who was already there, standing ready and almost wolfing out. I could tell by the panting he was doing and the rumbling sounds coming from his chest.

"Hey, wolfman, chill. I don't want to see your dangly wolf parts here in Maggie's house." I gripped his thick upper arm and shook it for emphasis, trying to break him out of his wolf-spell. "That'd be just too many wrong things in a day filled with wrong things, know what I mean?"

He nodded his head once and then stretched his neck out in two different directions. The cracking sounds that came from the motion made me slightly queasy, but I noticed his hair looking less fluffy right away, so I took it as a sign that the wolf had gone dormant again.

Scrum stood off to the side, just taking everything in and saying nothing. I wasn't sure if he was stunned or just supremely cool about weird shit going down all around him.

I turned my attention back to the table. The smoke was clearing and the pot was coming into focus again.

"Spike?" I said, looking for his form in the mist still hanging over the table.

The door opened and slammed shut one time and then quickly a second time. The next thing I saw was Maggie's hand coming up to grip the table and then her shaggy gray-black hair peeking up above the edge of it. Her eyes soon followed and then the rest of her. She used her elbow on the edge of the table to leverage herself slowly and painfully to her feet.

I stood there with my hands on my hips, surveying the wreckage that used to be her house. "Where are the Spikes?" I asked, looking around the kitchen.

She shrugged, shuffling over to her shelves. "They left. But they are back to rights. Now get out of my house. I have a lot of cleaning to do."

"Pfft. You have a lot of explaining to do is more like it," I said.

Aidan grabbed my arm and pulled me to the door. "Thank you, witch. We will leave you to your work."

Maggie grunted but didn't even spare us a glance. She disappeared into her pantry where I soon heard boxes being kicked around.

"You're just going to leave?" I asked.

"Would you rather we stay and help her clean?" asked Scrum.

I thought about all those poor creatures in her pantry. I felt bad for them, but not so bad that it overwhelmed the sense of foreboding that I got, that I knew was associated with going near them. "No."

"Then I suggest we go," said Aidan. "We're all losing sleep that I'm pretty sure we're going to wish we had tomorrow." He glanced over at the pantry when he was done speaking, so I knew there was more to what he was thinking, but he wasn't going to say it. The firm set of his jaw made that clear.

I sighed. He was right. "Fine. Lead the way, brave werewolf guy."

He gestured for me to precede him out the door. "After you, my lady."

"Tppbbttt!" No way did I feel like any kind of lady today.

He winked at me, totally not taking my raspberry seriously.

The three of us walked together in companionable silence back to the compound, seeing neither the real nor the fake Spike. When we reached the door to my room, I finally spoke. "Where do you guys think Spike went?"

Aidan answered first. "Somewhere to nurse his wounds."

Scrum said, "Or possibly to the ends of the earth, chasing a demon. Your guess is as good as ours, though."

I had kind of hoped that Aidan would have smelled what was going on, but apparently not. "Thanks for the escort. I'll see you two later."

Scrum waved and walked away down the hall, but Aidan just shook his head no.

"No?"

"No. I will stay in your room with you."

"Uhhhh, no you won't." I half smiled, but I was dead serious.

"This is not optional. The wolf demands it." He stood firm in my doorway, looking neither threatening nor wimpy - just determined.

I was too tired to fight with him. "Okay, Mister Bossypants Wolf. You can stay in my sitting room, but not my bedroom."

"Good enough," he said, dipping his head slightly.

I pushed open the door and walked through the foyer, stopping short when I saw Ben sitting in one of my chairs and Tim standing on the nearby table, glaring at him.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

TIM FLEW IMMEDIATELY OVER TO me, getting all up in my face. I had to lean back, using Aidan's arm as support to keep from falling over backwards.

"Do you have any idea how worried I was?!" Tim shouted. He continued without waiting for my answer. "Very! Very worried, Jayne! If you were my child I'd spank your bottom right now!"

I smiled. "I guess we're both lucky I'm not your child then, because if you tried to do that I'd lay you out in about two seconds flat."

Aidan smiled.

Without hesitating, Tim zipped over and slapped my cheek. It felt like a small mosquito biting me. "Don't talk to me like that!" he screeched, panting he was so upset.

I held out my hand in front of me, seeing that he was in some kind of weird freaked-out parent zone that normal reactions weren't going to work with. "Tim, relax. Just sit on my hand for a second and get a grip on yourself before you blow a gasket."

Tim floated down to stand on my hand, but he refused to sit. "Abby's even upset. And Willy? Forget it. He's been crying for hours. Do you have any idea how nerve wracking it is listening to a baby cry like that? He thought his polly ball cave and spider nakie partner was lost forever!"

I couldn't help but feel a little bit loved. It made the grin on my face impossible to erase. "A little stressed are we?" Looking out towards the garden, I didn't see any other pixies, but that didn't mean they weren't there. Poor little Baby Bee. No more giant nostrils to mess around with. Little f**ker.

"You have no idea. You absolutely cannot disappear like that on me ever again. My old heart just can't take it." He rested his hand on his chest for a second before he lifted it up to fix his hair.

I shook my head at Tim's reaction. He was going totally outer limits. Not only was he berating me like I was a little kid, but his hair was a complete mess. I knew how important his look was to him. And it's not like I'd been gone all that long. "Tim, you just need to relax, dude. I was only gone for a little while; and besides, I had Aidan and Scrum with me."

"And I knew that, how? Because of our psychic connection? Oh wait ... no. We don't have one of those. I forgot."

"Okay, I get it. You were worried. I'm sorry, alright? Next time, don't have a tantrum and leave a meeting. Then you can go with me."

"Go with you where?" he asked, hands on his hips, obviously demanding answers.

But I wasn't in the mood to share with Ben so close by so I said, "I'll tell you later." I flicked my hand up to throw Tim into the air, and walked over to sit on my couch. "So, what's up, Ben?"

Tim buzzed out to the garden over to his table, disappearing for a few seconds into the plants before coming back over to sit on the back of the couch to my left.

"I came to talk, but you weren't here. Where have you been?"

"Out and about. What did you want to talk about?"

He glanced at Aidan and Tim. "Something private. I think it's about time, don't you?"

"Yeah, definitely. But no way is the wolfman going to let it happen just the two of us." I shrugged, looking at my bodyguard. He was just a little bristly right now, but I knew it wouldn't take much for him to get super fuzzy. All Ben had to do was act just a tiny bit angry, and it was going to be dangling wolf parts in here for sure. I wasn't complaining, though. Ben's moods were totally unpredictable, and I didn't trust them or him.

"He can stand just outside the door, but what I have to say does not concern him, so I do not want to share it in his presence."

I looked at Aidan and he shrugged. "That's fine with me," he said. "I will smell your anger before it manifests itself anyway." He looked at me. "I'm confident I can get to his throat before he is a danger to you."

I smiled, trying not to look too happy at the idea of Aidan chomping down on Ben's neck. "Excellent. Let's do this, then. I'm tired, and we have a big day ahead of us tomorrow."

Ben stood and gestured to the door connecting our rooms. "After you."

"What about me?" yelled Tim, still standing on the couch.

"Hang with Aidan. This won't take long," I said over my shoulder.

I heard the buzz of his wings and knew he was following behind us.

"I'm going to pixie his butt if he so much as lays a finger on you, Jayne. A pixie can only take so much stress in one day."

"Good," I said, not even looking back. I stepped through the door and waited for Ben to join me, refusing to look over at the tapestry. All I needed tonight was to bring dragons into the mix.

"Have a seat," said Ben, gesturing to the couch near the absinthe.

I sat down and criss-crossed my legs, resting my hands in my lap.

"So spill it, Ben. What's the deal with you? Why all the mystery and emotional roller coaster bullshit?"

Ben gave me a watery smile. "Right to the point, eh?"

I shrugged. "Why not? It's late, I'm tired, you're tired. Tomorrow we get the verdict on the plan for the portals. Who knows, maybe we'll be involved in that somehow. We need our sleep, regardless."

"Fine. As you've mentioned, time is of the essence. I asked you in here because I just felt like we need to have a heart-to-heart. All this fighting and trying to hurt each other is not helping us, and it's not helping our people either."

"Agreed. I'm totally ready to call a truce." It felt like a weight was just about to lift off my shoulders.

Ben got up from his chair and came over to sit next to me on the couch. I tried not to feel uncomfortable with him so close, but it was impossible. Something about him just made me go on edge whenever he was too near. I tried to smother the feeling, forcing a smile. This was only going to work if I doubled down on my efforts, I knew that.

I turned a little to face him, gripping my hands tightly to keep them from shaking or fluttering around. For some reason, I wanted to cover my neck. I think Aidan had planted the idea of neck ripping in my brain and now I was totally paranoid. The fact that Ben had acted like he wanted to strangle me in the meeting not that long ago wasn't helping.

"I want more than a truce. I want us to be a couple, like we were meant to be with the ceremony and like I thought we could be when we kissed. You felt that too, right? I mean, it wasn't just me getting all hot and bothered up there, I hope." He gave me an endearing smile that might have worked on another day to melt the ice inside me, but tonight I was just too much on edge. I tried to take it for the apology that I thought it was supposed to be, though, and smiled back a little.

I didn't know what to say to him, though. A few hours ago he was ready to choke me. Now he wanted to be my boyfriend again? No matter what anyone says, as far as I'm concerned, it's not chicks who were confusing, it was guys. They made absolutely no sense and their emotions changed with the wind currents.

"That would be nice, to be together like I think everyone wants us to be," I said, stalling for time, trying to figure out what his angle was. I might have actually believed him, but this alarm kept ringing in my head. It was going non-stop: Lie! Lie! Lie! Lie!

I almost burst out with it -LIE! But something held me back. I watched his face for signs he wasn't being truthful, but there was nothing to see, other than the smooth, olive-toned skin of one of the most handsome guys I'd ever known. He smiled, giving me a glimpse of his bright white and perfectly straight teeth. They were nothing like Spike's - not interesting at all. Too perfect. I should have been mesmerized, falling for him as this super-special guy who wanted me above all girls to share his life with, someone who'd help me be all I could be. On paper, he was perfect.

Maybe that's what was bothering me. Ben was acting too perfect, as if none of the weird shit that had happened between us was there, like we weren't two elementals caught up in the middle of a fae and Otherworld creature battle for control over the earth and the humans. He was acting like we were two teenagers in a relationship, talking about bringing it to the next level, going to third base. It was too weird, and it totally creeped me out.

But I decided to keep up the charade, half hoping it would make it easier to bear and half doing it to see where it would lead. If Ben had something up his sleeve, I'd never figure out what it was by fighting with him. Maybe I was sleeping next door to the enemy, or maybe I was just neighbors with a hormonal teenager; but the only way I was ever going to find out for sure who he was and what he was up to would be to get him to drop his guard around me and finally be honest for a change.

I steeled myself for the folly that was about to begin in earnest. I'd never been one for the drama club at school, but I was determined to see this through. I owed it to my friends, my new family, and to Ben, even. Because if he were being sincere, then we both deserved to know that and enjoy our lives together, regardless of whether it was as boyfriend and girlfriend or just friendly neighbors. My plan was in place. Operation Like-Ben-No-Matter-What was in full swing.

I smiled as sweetly as I knew how. "So what do we do now?"

He smiled back warmly. "Well, you could start by eating with me in the dining hall."

"Consider it done."

"That was easy." He sounded surprised.

I shrugged. "I've been called that before, probably."

He laughed. "I sincerely doubt that."

"What else?" I asked.

"We could talk about what you were doing after the meeting."

"Nothing, really. I just went for a walk in the forest with Aidan and Scrum."

Ben frowned. "Do you like him? Aidan, I mean."

"Sure. He's a cool guy. Why? Don't you like him?"

"I don't mean in that way. I mean, do you like him as a boyfriend?"

"Are you jealous?" I raised an eyebrow at him. "You don't need to be. Neither of us is interested in that. He's just watching my back while, uh, Tony's busy. You know, working with the gray elves and all. Tony's vibe-power is kind of in the off position while he's so involved in this portal stuff." I was totally pulling stuff out of my butt right now, hoping it was coming off as the truth. I didn't want to tell him that Scrum and Aidan were protecting me from him. And I sure didn't want to tell him we were at Maggie's, undoing a spell I had strong suspicions were put on my friend Spike by his girl, Samantha, for reasons I had not yet figured out.

Ben nodded. "I see. Well, I guess that's good. Now I don't have to worry about any demons getting to you when I'm not around."

"Yep." I moved fast to change the subject, not sure how long I could keep lying convincingly and not wanting him to ask me about Spike. "So ... what have you been doing since the meeting?" It was an innocent enough question, and I really didn't care what his answer was until he started responding. Then I got really curious.

His face darkened, his answer coming out in a clipped tone. "I was busy."

I tried to act casual, like I wasn't aware he'd just gone all ass**le on me again. "Busy doing what? Planning for dragon taming?"

"Something like that."

"Do you know how to do that? Work with dragons and stuff? Because I don't have a clue. I hope they don't ask me to go on this mission or whatever."

Ben shrugged, changing the subject. "You said you took a walk in the woods. Where did you go?"

I was beginning to feel like this was going to be a one-sided interrogation, so I tried using a distractor. I jerked my head towards the tapestry.

"Oh, shit! Did you just see that? Something moved on the wall hanging!" I jumped up off the couch and went over to look at the dragons, turning my back to Ben so I could stare at the black one. I probably should have chosen a different beast, since I'd recently farted in this one's face, but hopefully he wasn't holding that against me right now. I stared at him as the colors within his scales winked out at me, the tapestry once again almost seeming alive. I got no indication that the dragon trapped within was aware of my presence, though. It calmed me to know that maybe this was a one way viewing portal or something.

Ben got up, coming over to stand at my back. I could feel the heat of his nearness through my tunic. It gave me shivers, but not the good kind this time.

"It's beautiful, isn't it?" he said.

"Yeah. And a little creepy too." Just like you, Ben.

"There's nothing creepy about dragons," he said, almost wistfully.

"Maybe not. But there's definitely something creepy about keeping them trapped in a bunch of cloth." I turned around and stepped to the side a little so we wouldn't be so close. "Why is this thing here, Ben? Why do you have dragons trapped in your bedroom?"

His jaw worked, its muscle twitching over and over. He stared at my face, looking from my left eye to my right, as if taking my measure.

"I'd like to tell you," he said, mysteriously.

I gave him a half smile. "I'd like you to tell me, too. That's why I asked the question."

"The real question is, though, can I trust you with the answer?"

I frowned, trying to put on my innocent face. "Of course you can. I'm your partner in this whole deal, aren't I?" No matter what he said, I knew he could trust me to do the right thing with the information. Whether he would agree what the right thing actually was, well, that was a different story; but my mind was suffering zero guilt over this whole charade. This wasn't about Ben or me or our relationship; this was about the fae and the humans and our worlds continuing to exist in harmony. I was going to do whatever I had to for the safety of our people and the place we lived. If his goals were aligned with mine, he had nothing to worry about.

He seemed to make up his mind about something. He sighed heavily and said, "It's a long story."

"I've got time," I said, dead serious. "My whole life, I hear. Might as well start it now, don't you think?"

He smiled, taking my hand. "You're right. Let's talk about the dragons." He pulled me towards the couch as I tried to calm my racing heart. I felt like a spy in my own life, watching myself be this other person liking Ben, not sure if I were visiting with a friend or an enemy right now.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

WE SAT ON THE COUCH, much nearer to one another than we had been before. I prayed Ben wouldn't see my racing pulse, but it was no use; the gods or the angels weren't listening to me.

He frowned at me. "You're nervous."

"Yeah. You're ... you know ... pretty cute and all." That's it, Jayne. Play on his arrogance. Feed him a line of bullshit that strokes the old ego.

He smiled. "Don't let my looks intimidate you. I'm a regular guy underneath it all."

"Yeah, I know." Lie! Lie! Lie! I worked hard at not gagging over his self-love. Pretending to be enthralled with him was going to be harder than I thought.

He smoothed some hair away from my face with the back side of his hand, his fingertips stroking my cheek very lightly. "I'd like to see you with your hair down."

I swallowed hard and reached up to pull the rubber band out of the back of it. My hair tumbled down around my shoulders. I knew there'd be a big bump in it from where the band had been squeezing it all day, so it had to look ridiculous, but Ben didn't seem to notice.

He ran his fingers through it, taking clumps of it in his hands, stroking them a little. "Beautiful," he said softly. "It reminds me of the tapestry, actually. Lights twinkling out of it."

"You see those too?" I asked. When he laughed, I added, "In the tapestry, I mean. The lights."

"Yes. I see them too."

"What are they?"

"Magic. The thing that keeps them there."

"Why are they in there?"

"To keep them safe until they are needed again."

"But why would they be in danger? They're dragons."

"There are those who would wish to control them. And if they are not the right fae for the job, they could cause more harm than good."

"Who decides?" I asked, almost breathless with the anticipation of getting answers to my questions. I seem to have pressed a button in Ben that was allowing him to spill his guts. Maybe it was my magical mystical bumpy rubber band hair.

"I decide," he answered, his chin going up just slightly.

I frowned. I couldn't help it.

He noticed and corrected himself. "We decide, I mean. The two of us. We are the Mother and the Father."

"But what about the council?"

He scowled. "They are nothing to us. It is us and the Fates who determine our destiny and the destinies of those in our world. The council is not a part of our circle, Jayne. I need you to understand that."

Circle? What circle? "Oh, sure. No problem. I don't like them anyway."

Ben pulled his hand away from me, eyeing me suspiciously. "I don't believe you." He was getting that angry look on his face again.

I saw the look and then a strangling in my near future, so I started blabbing, my brain switching on the auto-rescue-pilot. "Are you serious? That Red guy? What an ass**le. He's always giving me crap, talking to me like I'm a friggin dipshit. And don't get me started on Niles; he's got the worst case of Napoleon complex I've ever seen. Celeste is ready to kick the bucket any second - I can't believe they let a totally senile witch make decisions for all of the fae ... totally beyond ridiculous, if you ask me. And Dardennes and Celine? Talk about stuck-up. They have sticks so far up their butts they can't even see what's right in front of them."

Ben looked somewhat mollified. "You've been paying attention."

"Oh, yeah, I see everything." I waved my hand around casually, smiling, keeping the bitterness as deep inside as I possibly could. If only you knew, you arrogant ass, now much I do see. You'd be strangling me right now and then burying the body. "Those people treat me like I'm an idiot, but I'm not. I have hidden talents, I think."

Ben smiled patiently. "I agree completely. And I'm here to help you uncover them. I really want to do that, Jayne." He moved closer to me on the couch, taking both my hands in his.

And that's where my real dilemma started.

I still wasn't sure if he was on my side or the other side, or even what that other side was, really, and who else might be on it with him. And clearly one of my hidden talents was going to be something sexy, if the look in Ben's eyes right now was any indicator. The question was, how far was I willing to go to get to the bottom of Ben's plans ... to climb into his devious little brain and find out what he knew? Would I be willing to go to third base, or even lose my virginity to save the world?

As soon as the thought crossed my mind, visions of demon wieners danced in my head. All I could think about was Torrie at my mom's house, telling me my child was going to somehow make it possible for him to take over the human world. In my panic, I inhaled a glob of drool that was supposed to go down my esophagus, sending it into my lungs instead. My windpipe spasmed, and I started choking. Whatever romantic make-out session Ben had planned for us, disappeared in the wake of my gagging.

He patted me firmly on the back as I gasped for air and gripped my throat, trying to help it eject the saliva.

"Sorry," I croaked out, "wrong pipe."

Aidan pushed the door in and came striding into the room. "Are you okay? What happened?"

Ben stood. "Nothing. She choked on ... air."

"Drool," I said, standing part way up, using Aidan's offered arm to steady myself. "I think I just need to lay down for a while."

Ben reached out to touch me as I walked by but his hand slid off my rapidly withdrawing arm. "Go to sleep," he said, sighing. "I'll talk to you some more tomorrow. At breakfast."

I nodded and waved at him as I walked out of the room. "Perfect. I'll see you at our table."

I noticed his satisfied smile as I turned back to the door. Jerk. You're not out in the clear yet. Ben was still on the suspicious list, but he hadn't yet revealed anything except extreme arrogance - and that was nothing new for him. I needed more information to be able to tell if he was with me or against me. Hopefully, our breakfast conversation would reveal more.

As I stepped into my sitting room, I steeled myself for the barrage of questions Tim was going to launch at me. And he didn't disappoint, either. I wasn't two steps into the space before he started in on me.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

"I THOUGHT WE DISCUSSED THIS already. You being off on your own, flirting with danger and me not there to protect you. What happened over there? Or do I not want to know? No, go ahead, tell me. No, wait. Don't tell me. Or tell me. No, I don't want to know. Yes I do. Maybe ... crudbuckets, I don't know. You decide."

I smiled. "I'm going to bed. If you want to know my dirty little secrets you can come with me."

"I'll be out here on your couch," said Aidan. "I've already checked your room. It's clear."

"Thanks, dude. I'll see you in the morning, hopefully not too early." I punched him lightly on the arm as I left the room, shuffling across the floor because I was too damn tired to lift my feet.

Tim followed me in, and I shut the door after he was through. "You have ten minutes max before I'm dead to the world. Start your twenty questions now."

"I don't have twenty. I just have one. What is going on with you and Prince Not-So-Charming?" He stood on my dresser waiting for my answer.

I pulled off my tunic and shimmied out of my jeans, throwing my sleeping top over my head and jumping into bed before answering. "Nothing, really. I'm just trying to get some information from him, and the only way to do it is to play along with his bullshit."

Tim came and laid down on my other pillow, lacing his hands behind his head, staring up at the ceiling. "Good plan. Super spy. I like it. Did you snog?"

"I don't even know what that means."

"Snog. You know. Get all touchy-feely. Kiss. Etcetera."

"Like I'd tell you that. But don't worry, I don't feel that way about him. I'm just trying to get information to decide if he's a good guy or a bad guy."

Tim sighed. "How many times do you have to see it before you finally figure it out, my dear Jayne."

"What's that?" I asked, yawning loudly.

"That there is no bad or good. Just shades of both, tangled up in personal history, dreams, goals, perceptions, and that little annoying feature we like to call Fate."

The word Fate niggled at my brain, but I was too far beyond tired to think about it too much. The droning of Tim's lecture quickly put me to sleep, and the last thing I remembered hearing before I fell into unconsciousness was, " ... and you'd better not forget that, either."

***

I woke up feeling completely unrefreshed, blinking my eyes a few times to get them to function properly. Nothing seemed to be working. Blackness.

Oh shit. I'm stuck again. I was standing once again in the dark dreamworld inside my head, only this time I wasn't quite as disoriented or scared - just annoyed.

"Lights on, uh ... whoever's in charge," I said. The space in my head where I was hanging out was suddenly illuminated by a hidden source of light, making it possible for me to see now that I wasn't alone; Beau was standing in front of me. My annoyance changed immediately to pleasure.

I was smiling, probably like a loon. Not bad. Not bad at all, dream world. Nicely done. "Hello Beau," I said, trying really hard not to admire him too openly. I felt a little bit like a fangirl, and that was just weird. He could be Chase's roommate or something. I wouldn't want my guardian angel to think I just fell for any guy with wings.

"Hello, Jayne. Where are we?" He looked around, stoic as always.

Watching him, I realized that the complete lack of fear or even curiosity in his expression made him appear invincible. He reminded me of Chase. I felt even better about having him in my dreamworld now. If Torrie or Leck showed up, I knew Beau would have my back.

"You're in my dream. I guess I compelled you in here. Sorry about that." I could feel a bead of sweat building up on my lip, so I quickly wiped it away. Getting all sweaty on him wouldn't be impressive at all. I schooled my features to look as cool as possible, even though inside I felt like a bumbling idiot who'd never seen a cute guy before. What is it about this particular guy that makes me feel so amateur?

"Do you need me?"

I couldn't stop the laugh that burst out of my mouth. Do I need him? In what way? Am I allowed to say for short snogging sessions? The smile refused to leave my face as I said, "I'm not sure." For a moment I wondered what it would be like, to kiss someone like him while his wings wrapped around us; but then I thought of Chase and Spike and Ben and all the other guys in my life, deciding in pretty short order that I already had enough potential snoggers and issues with knowing what to do with guys. I probably didn't need to add to it by putting Beau on my list. And something told me this guy would be no minor addition.

"I think you must need something from me, or you would not have asked me to come here."

"How's Chase?" I asked, wanting to change the subject and get my mind off Beau's naked chest. "Do you ever see him?"

"I do. Chase is well." The way he said it made me wish I hadn't asked - so cold and impersonal. As if I'd asked after his mother. But I couldn't help delving deeper into the answer, glutton for punishment that I was.

"Well, as in he's super happy, or well as in he, uhhh, misses me maybe?"

"Angels do not miss their wards ..." Beau finally got an expression on his face. A frown. Then he continued. "... Generally speaking."

Great. Beau's as confusing as Ben is. Why am I not surprised? "Why do you say that? About the generally speaking thing?"

He shrugged. "There are exceptions to every rule, apparently."

I smiled. "Chase and I have a special connection."

Beau's face went blank again. "I am not speaking of Chase."

My stomach tightened and my face flamed red, perhaps from embarrassment or maybe even from just general confusion. I was too lost to even know myself. "Who are you talking about, then?"

He didn't answer. He just stared at me.

I was just beginning to form my next question when someone stepped into the light. Ben. I rolled my eyes. Just when things were getting interesting, Mister No-Fun has to come and ruin it all.

I quickly changed my frustration into welcome before he could notice my displeasure. I couldn't very well work my I'm-Your-Girlfriend plan if I was going to screw the whole deal up in my sleep.

"I guess we're doing the dream thing again, huh?" he asked, stopping in front of me, not even looking at Beau.

"Yeah, I guess. Sorry about that."

"You have more to say to me?"

I looked nervously over at Beau, not sure that I wanted him seeing me do my super-spy thing on Ben. He might get the wrong impression. Why that mattered, I didn't know; but I didn't have time to question my motives. I had a tap dance to do.

"Yeah, I guess. But nothing that can't wait. How about I just see you in the morning?"

"Fine with me. Go ahead and send me back."

"What do you think, Beau?" I asked.

Ben frowned at me. "Did you just call me Beau?" He got an angry look in his eyes. "It's Ben. Or are you doing that thing with the faces again?" He held up his hand, staring at the back of it and then at his arm, probably wondering if he looked like himself in my dreams or like the angel who'd come to help us battle the demons outside our doors.

Beau was just behind Ben, but because he was taller, I could see his face. He was slowly moving his head from side-to-side, as if to tell me no. It struck me as strange that Ben would allow this guy to stand behind his back like that, while he never even looked at him once. Is it possible he can't see Beau?

"Oh, sorry. I might have said Beau by accident. I'm super tired. Blame it on my only half-functioning brain."

"Why are you thinking about Beau?" he asked, not sounding very happy about the idea.

"Are you jealous?" I said, kidding around with him. He never struck me as that type; I figured he was probably too busy thinking about how awesome he was to ever consider that someone might not be totally absorbed by him.

"We are bound."

That answer just pissed me off, making me forget my whole plan to be as sweet as I could. I crossed my arms over my chest. "So what? Bound can mean different things, depending on the situation."

"Says who?" He was getting cranky now, too; I could tell by the tone of his voice. But I didn't care. I guess if we were going to have it out over this, it might as well be while a big angel was standing next to us. It made me bolder, and I also wanted Chase to know how I felt, even if it was just coming from second-hand gossip. Maybe if he knew that I wasn't totally okay with the after-effects of his little ceremony, he would step in and do something about it.

"Says the girl who got bound to a guy she doesn't much care for a lot of the time." The words were out before I had a chance to reconsider them. I guess my plan to get along is being replaced with a new one. Shit. I'm going to need Tim's help to fix this. I didn't relish the idea of having to confess my latest screw up to my roommate. And even if he was a super-spy, the chances that he knew how to get inside Ben's head psychologically and make him forget that I just rejected again were slim. Tim might be good, but he was no miracle-worker.

"I thought we'd turned a corner with that," Ben said. "I guess I was wrong."

"No, not necessarily. I just ... find you kind of arrogant a lot of the time. It makes it hard to like you on a consistent basis. I'm sorry if that hurts your feelings, but I'm trying to be honest. Honesty is the basis of a good relationship, right?"

"Sure. Honesty is usually the best policy. And since we've decided to share, I'll just let you know that I find you impulsive and immature a lot of the time. But I've managed to work around it, which is the big difference between you and me."

My nostrils flared with the effort of keeping my thoughts to myself. "How big of you." I may have imagined it, but I could have sworn Beau's mouth twitched.

"We have to make the most of what we've been given," he said, sounding like he was lecturing a child.

"I agree. But does that mean we have to be married? I don't think so. Maybe we could do something else with our bond."

"What are you proposing?"

"I'm not even sure." I shrugged. "Maybe a partnership of some sort? Like business partners? Or just tight friends? I think we can do whatever we want. We're the Mother and the Father, right?" My fall-back plan was to lean on his arrogance over his title. That seemed to work in most situations.

Ben considered what I'd said, not responding at first.

I continued. "I mean, why are we letting other fae tell us who we have to be and who we have to love for shit's sake. Can't we just go love who we want?"

He opened his mouth, but then closed it. He tried again a few seconds later. "I hadn't considered a binding to be anything less than fully together as a romantic-type couple. But I can see how it might actually make more sense for it to be an arrangement like you've described."

Beau lifted an eyebrow, ever so slightly.

I saw my opportunity and jumped on it. "Yeah, I mean ... why not? We're the Mother and the Father. Aren't we the ones in charge of the stuff that happens here? Let's do what works for us and for the fae at the same time. I can't believe they'd expect us to be like a husband and wife when we don't even really like each other."

Ben's face got stormy again.

I rushed to fix my blunder. "You know what I mean. We like each other, we just don't like-like each other. Like how you feel about someone you want to be with forever ... Samantha for example."

He shook his head. "What is it with you and Samantha? Why do you think I want her that way?"

"I don't know. I guess you guys make a cute couple. And I'm pretty sure she likes you that way."

"She does?" He looked genuinely confused by that.

"You don't notice the way she's always trying to be around you? Talk to you? Come on, Ben ... you can't possibly be that blind."

"Lots of people want to be around me and talk to me."

"Really? Like who?" I said it without really thinking, trying to picture anyone actually smiling when he was around or going up to him just to chat. I wasn't seeing it.

"Like lots of fae." He crossed his arms.

I waved his anger away, swiping my hand back and forth in the air between us. "Whatever. I'm sure you're very popular. My point is, let's work with what we have naturally and not try to force anything on each other. I think it will be easier to get along and have lives that make us both happy."

"But what about our destiny to be together?"

"What destiny?" He was crazy-talking now as far as I was concerned.

"Spirit blessed our union. You can't deny that means we were meant to be together."

"Spirit doesn't tell me what to do or who to love, okay? Maybe everyone here misunderstood. Maybe Spirit just likes the idea of us being close. I can be close to you without being in bed with you. I already do that with Tony."

"So you're suggesting Spirit would bless a union of two fae who just want to be friends?"

"Yeah. Why not? Friendship is important. You weren't able to sever the bond I have with Tony, as hard as you tried. It's strong, maybe stronger than one I'd have with a boyfriend or even a husband."

Ben nodded his head slowly. "This feels possible. I think I could work with this."

I smiled. "Yeah, right? High five." I held up my hand.

He reached up and softly tapped my palm with his.

"That was kind of lame," I said.

He turned around, walking a few paces away. Beau backed up to keep Ben from bumping into him.

"Are you ready to send me back?" he asked, not facing me or responding to my comment about his lame high-five. "Or do you want to talk plans?"

"Plans? For what?"

He put his hands on his hips and dropped his chin to his chest. "For what we're going to use this bond for."

I was feeling totally thick in the head, not understanding what the hell he was saying. "Uh ... okay. Let's do that. Might as well since we're here all alone."

Ben didn't argue the point, confirming my suspicion that he couldn't see Beau. He turned to face me, his expression more intense than I'd seen in a long time. "I've been wanting to share this with you for a while, but I didn't before because everything just felt so in flux with us."

"Yeah, I get it. It was. But it's not anymore, I hope."

"I wasn't sure I could trust you. But you really seem to want to make this work. You pulled me into your dream after I thought we were done talking, so that tells me you still want to work this out with me. And I like your idea of being friends and partners in that kind of way. Your connection to Tony is stronger than many love-connections I've known. To me, it means a lot that you'd compare him to me."

I swallowed the guilt and smiled, hoping it didn't come off as lopsided, weighed down by deceit yet at the same time, lifted by hope. "A girl can dream, right?"

"What are your dreams, Jayne? Maybe we can start there."

I hadn't thought about that subject much. I wasn't sure what he wanted me to say, so I just started pulling stuff out of my butt.

"Well, I guess world peace might be nice."

"Are you serious?"

I sensed I was losing him, and I'd been so close to getting him to spill his guts. I rushed to save the moment. "Sure, why not? I'd like everyone to get along. You know, fae and humans."

He stepped closer to me, excited about my explanation. "I have the exact same hopes for our people and the humans," he said, smiling. "That's all I've ever wanted."

"Cool," I said, feeling warm inside. I could work with this. Maybe he wasn't such a bad buy after all. Maybe he really did just want all of us to be friends or at least, live in harmony together. "So we're a team, then?"

"Yes. We're a team."

"So what's the plan, Captain?"

He raised an eyebrow at me. "So, I'm the team captain?"

"Sure. You're the one with more experience. You're older. You've been around the fae and humans a lot longer than I have. I trust your judgment." I wasn't sure that was entirely true, but it sounded good, and the expression on Ben's face told me I'd struck gold. His ego was going to be his downfall someday, I was sure of it. It was just too easy to manipulate.

"I do have a plan, actually." He seemed hesitant, as if he didn't really want to tell me about it, which if course got me wanting to know what it was more than anything in the entire world.

"Oh, goody. Tell me. I'm anxious to be doing something productive instead of waiting around for the council to tell us what to do." I brought the council into the picture because I knew how much he hated them bossing him around all the time. I refused to feel guilty over doing it either. I needed to know what he was thinking in that devious head of his, and being sneaky was the only way. I was going to follow the advice my father had given me many years ago: Trust but verify.

Beau remained quietly in the background, watching both of us intently. He'd moved slowly to stand beside Ben and me, so he could see our faces.

"I'm frustrated too with their machinations and interference in my work."

"Your work? What work?" It seemed a strange way to phrase what we did around here.

"My work, my life purpose, the things I've been moving towards for over a hundred years."

I got a chill from his words, suddenly remembering very clearly the lecture he'd given me and my friends as we sat around a table in my hometown, just before I took Tony back to the Green Forest with me to become a changeling.

"Remind me what that was again?" I said as innocently as possible. I could feel the sweat breaking out on my upper lip, so I fake-coughed, moving my hand up to cover my mouth and surreptitiously wipe it off.

"I'm sure you must remember. We discussed it when you were newly changed. I knew once you'd lived the life of a fae long enough you'd realize the reality of what I said."

I nodded, not sure we were talking about the same thing, hoping we weren't. "You mean the whole human thing?"

"Exactly." He smiled.

"Explain it to me again. I'm not sure I remember all the details. I was really worried about Tony and all." I played stupid, because I knew he saw me that way. Hopefully, it would help to get his guard down even more.

"It's simple. I'm sure you understand now that it's ridiculous for us to continue to live in hiding. The demons escaping to wreak havoc on the human world makes it even more obvious. We are too powerful to live in the shadows. We need to rise up and seize our place in the world."

I nodded, frowning to feign serious consideration of his words, not trusting myself to speak.

Ben continued. "Now that we have the Light and Dark fae together, we can address the issue of humans being aware of our existence."

My heart was beating double-time now. Ben hadn't changed his mind about anything. He was still wanting to rule the world, and probably now expected me to be at his side the entire time. Shit! What am I supposed to say to this? I tried to think of a response that wouldn't give away my thoughts or shut Ben down. I needed to learn his entire plan so I'd know how to deal with it.

The thought kept running around in my brain, and for better or worse, I listened to it: What would Tim do? I said the second thing that popped into my head, glad I had the presence of mind to not say the first thing. "What about the demons and the portals and everything? Shouldn't we deal with that first?"

He shrugged. "Why would we do that? Their presence here only helps our cause."

Now I was totally confused. "How? By eating the humans' souls?"

"A few, maybe. Humans need to realize there's a threat before they can be in the right frame of mind to accept our help. Think about it."

Praying my expression wasn't giving me away, I said, "I guess the demon uprising is pretty convenient when you put it that way."

Ben gave me the most arrogant smile I think that it's possible for a guy to make. "I knew you'd figure it out. You're a smart girl. Sometimes what appears to be merely coincidence is actually a carefully coordinated plan to bring about a necessary change. No great accomplishment comes without great sacrifice."

I didn't trust myself to say the right thing or not try to strangle him. I was pretty sure he was taking credit for the tearing of the veil, but I wasn't one-hundred-percent there yet; and before I went ballistic, I knew it was critical that I had all the evidence I needed to rat him out for good.

"What's the matter?" he asked, stepping closer to me. "Are you upset?"

I shook my head. "Huh-uh." I knew it was suspicious that I wasn't saying more, but I couldn't do it. I couldn't let the words come out. It would ruin everything.

"Do you agree with me? That we need to get the humans on board?"

I nodded, using every ounce of self-control I had to look and act cool.

Ben reached up and rubbed my upper arms. "You look a little freaked out."

So much for cool. A different tack seemed like a good idea. Operation psycho cheerleader is now in play. I smiled as hard as I could and turned up the perky to level ten. "I'm just so totally psyched about the idea of living out in the open and having humans know who's boss and everything. I mean, yeah ... we're like supernatural and they're just natural. That tells you something right there." I sounded like an idiot, but maybe Ben wouldn't notice. He probably thought I sounded that way all the time, anyway.

"Exactly my point." He squeezed my arms. "I knew you'd come around once you'd lived the life of a fae for a while."

"Cool. So who's on our team? I mean, who's helping us with our plan?"

"I'll give you all the details tomorrow. I have a lot to think about, and it's late. You need your sleep."

"I can stay up. This is all so exiting." If I had a pom-pom, I'd be waving that shit all over the place.

"I know, it really is." He dropped his hands from my arms and started rubbing them together. He looked so much like a master-planning psycho at that moment my eyes nearly bugged out of my head. He continued, sounding like he was thinking aloud. "So many pieces to the puzzle. So many events to line up and execute." He came back to the present and stared at me. "You have no idea how long I've worked for this." He pulled me into a hug. "I'm so glad we're in this together. With you on board, we can't possibly fail. It'll be like it was always supposed to be."

"What do you mean?" I said into his shoulder. "Like it was always supposed to be, as in, how?"

He was rubbing my back now, and I tried not to be nauseated by his touch.

"A long, long time ago a scrying was made. It showed that our world was destined to be one where the natural and supernatural mingled as one. But somewhere along the way, things went off-track. We became separated. The Mother and the Father were not as one. Now we're just putting things back to the way they should have stayed, and with you on board with me, it's a done deal. It's the natural order of things. I had been afraid to hope before, but now I'm not."

I couldn't think of anything to say to that. I was always of the mind that things happened for a good reason, even if they felt pretty sucky at the time. Messing with the natural order of things sounded like a really, really bad plan. And the fact that a scrying was involved made me doubly nervous. Everyone on the council seemed to think it was a seriously bad idea to try and see into the future.

"I've sacrificed my whole existence on behalf of our kind," he said. "Someday, I believe they will appreciate my efforts." He pulled away from me and stared into my eyes, shaking me once by the shoulders. "Our efforts, Jayne. You must be prepared to make sacrifices."

"Oh, I am," I assured him. "Totally."

"The first being that you have to keep our plans secret for now. Just between you and me. That means not even telling Tony or that pixie friend of yours."

If Tim ever heard himself being referred to like that, he'd freak. I decided to let it slide in favor of keeping my cover. "Of course not. They wouldn't understand anyway."

"Exactly."

I glanced over at Beau, wondering if he was falling for my act as thoroughly as Ben was; but as usual, his expression was neutral.

"Do you think you could compel Leck to be with us right now?" asked Ben.

"Why on earth would I want to do that?"

"So he can be part of our discussion."

I'd thought I couldn't be any more freaked out about this plan than I already was. But I'd been wrong. Now I was well and truly panicked. My voice came out sounding strained. "Leck's part of the plan?"

"Of course. I couldn't have done this without him. In fact, he's kind of the master planner, you could say. He's the one who convinced me we were doing the right thing. He's connected to everything; he's got his finger on the pulse of everyone everywhere."

I cleared my throat and looked at the ground. I wasn't sure now if I could keep up the game. It was one thing to lead Ben on and try to figure out what his game was, but it was a whole other thing to try and trick Leck and even pretend to like the guy. Apparently, him being banished to the void or whatever wasn't interfering in his ability to work with Ben on their master plan or to keep his finger on pulses, whatever that meant.

If I had doubts about whether Ben was a good guy or a bad guy before, I didn't now. He might feel passionately about his place in the world versus the humans', and he might want to do what was best for everyone in his mind, but knowing that Leck had tortured me and enjoyed it, and knowing that Leck was right there next to Malena when she tried to kill both of us, Ben shouldn't have been trusting him or collaborating with him on anything more threatening than choosing a Halloween costume.

The thoughts of costumes and that holiday suddenly brought back memories of a photo of me and Tony. "Were you working on your plan last year around this time? Or two years ago, even? I could have sworn I saw you at a Halloween dance one time." I was too distracted to remember if it was last year or the year before.

Ben smiled. "You remember that, huh? I thought you didn't notice me."

"Oh, I did, believe me. You're kind of hard to miss." Feed the ego, Jayne. Good plan.

"But I had a witch work a spell on you so you wouldn't notice me or remember me. I guess it didn't work."

He looked chagrined, but I wasn't buying it. The guy had apparently been manipulating me from the word go. And no way was I going to feel sorry about turning the tables a little bit.

Beau stood up a little straighter, as if he could sense me getting more aggravated. I wasn't sure what he'd do if the poo started flying, but I had to believe it would be something to help me. He was friends with Chase, or at least they lived in the same place and both had wings. That had to mean they were the good guys.

"Maybe you're too cute for anyone to not notice you, even with a spell." The truth was, I didn't remember ever seeing him. But he'd been stupid enough to walk behind my camera just when Tony and I were getting our picture taken, and he'd gotten caught in the frame. But I wasn't about to tell him that. Let him think it was his pretty face.

"You think I'm cute?"

I shrugged. "You know you are. Don't act all surprised by it."

"But you think so. I thought that you thought I was ... not so attractive, I guess I should say."

"I don't hate you, Ben, or think you're ugly." I sighed. It was true even now. I could hardly fault the guy too much for wanting to do what he felt was right, willing to do whatever it took to make it happen. I had the same kind of personality, and now I knew that I would do whatever it took to make my plan happen - the one that was going to make sure Ben's plan didn't work out exactly how he wanted. The difference between us was that I had a line that I wouldn't cross, and that line included hurting innocent fae and humans. Ben didn't have a line.

"I admire you. You're very dedicated." I couldn't sit here and tell him he was gorgeous. For some reason, over the days and weeks, he'd ceased to look so hot for me. I wasn't sure if he'd changed or I had.

"I am completely dedicated. Never forget that." He reached up to touch me again, but I backed away, causing him to frown. "You're upset."

"No, just tired. I really need to sleep. We can talk to Leck another time, okay?"

"Sure, whatever you want. We have time. How about tomorrow after breakfast?"

"Great. I'll be there. Your room?"

"Perfect." He put his arms stiffly down by his sides. "Send me back then; I'm ready."

I smiled. "Can I do it the same way I did before?"

"Do you want to?"

I warred with myself. Yes, of course I wanted to call him an ass and shove him out of my head; but I knew the new Jayne, the one who was Ben's BFF wouldn't do that.

"Nah. I'll just do it another way."

He smiled. "I was hoping you'd say that."

I smiled back, imagining my new exit strategy, unable to stop myself from at least having a little fun. I stepped forward and pushed him hard in the chest, saying cheerily, "See ya, wouldn't wanna be ya!"

He disappeared into the darkness that lay just beyond the light.

I turned to Beau, prepared to give him the same send-off, no longer interested in what he thought or looked like. I had a mission now, and no one and nothing was going to get in my way. The only ones I could trust were Tim, Tony, and Chase for sure, and probably my other changeling friends. Beau was an unknown, and I didn't have time to figure him out. Besides, all that quiet staring guy stuff was starting to get annoying.

I stepped up to him, raising my hands to push him on his chest, but before I could make contact, he grabbed my wrists in a tight grip. I was so startled, I froze, my hands suspended in between us. He pulled me closer, to the point that I could feel the heat coming from his body. I noticed for the first time that his shirt was open at the neck, and I could see the slight rise of a chest muscle and the dip where it met the other in the middle. My imagination ran wild from there, and I knew immediately exactly how buff he was under his tunic. I had to force the image out of my brain so I could concentrate on first, figuring out what his deal was, and second, getting rid of him.

"Don't," he said, staring at me so intensely, I felt like a flower getting too much sun. I wilted under his gaze.

"Don't what?" I asked, my voice coming out almost a whisper.

"Don't send me away yet." His grip loosened and my curiosity grew.

"Why not?"

"I would like to speak with you."

"About what?"

He said nothing, just continued holding my wrists, his grip getting looser as he stared.

"This might work better if you weren't manhandling me, you know."

"You'll send me out."

"No, I won't. Not right away, I promise." I was tired, but no way was I going to pass up knowing what was on this angel's mind.

He let me go, lowering his arms slowly to his sides. "You are confusing me."

I smiled. "Join the club. I confuse myself all the time."

"I cannot decide if you are agreeing with the elemental or defying him."

"Defying all the way. But that's between you, me, and Chase. Tell anyone and I'll clip your wings."

"You cannot. And why do you keep bringing Chase into your conversation with me?"

"Because ... you're both angels. You're both in the Overworld. You're both helping us out. I figured you guys were like ... friends or whatever. Can you bring him a message from me?"

"Chase is not of my order. We are not ... friends."

The way he said it made me step back a pace. "Why not?"

"It is the way we are made. Friendship has no place in our world."

"That's ridiculous. The Overworld is made for stuff like that."

"You have been there?"

He had me on that one. "No, not really. But it's like heaven, right? Where everyone is best friends and you can eat all the pie you want and never gain any weight?"

"What is pie?"

"It's a delicious food that makes you fat. Seriously, though. The Overworld is all about love and friendship, right?"

"Love, yes. And duty, honor. Friendship is a concept for the Here and Now, so easily given and taken away. We do not believe in such easily-broken bonds."

I snorted. "Yeah, right. So why did you guys bind me and Ben? That one's a non-starter for sure."

"Your guardian felt it was best for you. Many did not agree, myself included, but it was his decision. His and the Fate's."

"You talk about Fate like it's a person."

"Fate is personified in your realm."

I frowned, trying to figure out what he was saying. "Fate isn't a person. It's a thing. A concept or whatever."

"Fate is more than either of us could ever conceive or understand."

As I tried to match his words with my understanding of it, I realized he was right. "Agreed. I mean, it's like, destiny, right? Life just happens?"

"Life never just happens. You cannot be so naive to really believe what you've just said."

Yes, I can. I was too tired to figure out this latest mystery, so I just waved him off. "Never mind. I'm tired and I need to go to sleep. Are you ready to leave?"

"Almost. I just have one question for you."

"What's that?" I asked, yawning big.

"When are you going to accept that Chase is never coming back to you?"

I glared at him, letting the anger build up inside me. Beau didn't look like he was trying to give me any grief or had any hidden meaning behind his words. It was a serious question, and I gave him my serious answer, stepping forward at the same time so I could shove him in the chest.

"Either when he tells me that himself or never, whichever comes first!"

Beau flew backwards from the force of my shove, disappearing into the darkness beyond.

I took a big breath, refusing to give in to the sobs that wanted to take me over. "I want to go back, now!" I yelled out into the air around me, closing my eyes and picturing myself in my bed. Send me back, send me back, I don't want to be here anymore listening to this crap.

Suddenly the bed was beneath me again, and my soft sheets rubbed up against my calves as I moved my legs from side-to-side. I breathed out in relief, keeping my eyes closed and letting myself fall into the oblivion of sleep.

CHAPTER THIRTY

I AWOKE GROGGY, FEELING LIKE I'd only gotten thirty minutes of sleep. Tim flew into my room as I was dressing in clean clothes, landing on my dresser in front of me.

"Whoa, holy baggage under the eyes. Do you need some hemorrhoid cream or what?"

"Why on earth would I put butthole cream on my eyes?"

"Gets rid of the swelling."

I snorted. "No thanks. I don't have hemorrhoids on my eyes."

Tim mumbled something, which I ignored. It might have been, "Coulda fooled me."

"I had another couple of visitors in my dreams last night," I said, happy to change the subject.

"Who? Demons?" Tim perked up at the idea of me being haunted again, which wasn't an encouraging sign in a roommate.

"No. Ben and Beau."

"Oooh, sounds like a sexy dream to me. Do tell."

"It wasn't. Not at all. I was wishing you were in there, though. I needed some of your super snooper spy skills."

"Of course you did. Tell me, young mage. What did you need my help with?"

I glanced at the door, noticing it was cracked open. I walked over to shut it, peeking out first to see if Aidan was still asleep on my couch. I noticed the steady rise and fall of his chest before closing the door very softly, hoping to keep from waking him. I wasn't ready for all of the wolves to know my secrets yet, and I had a feeling that Aidan's loyalty to me was second to that which he held for his wolf-brothers.

I sat down on my bed and Tim joined me, sitting on the covers in front of my crossed legs.

"So, you had a sexy dream. Tell Uncle Tim all about it."

"Okay, so Ben was in there, but he couldn't see Beau for some reason, but Beau could see and hear Ben."

"Interesting. Continue."

"Ben admitted he's still on that humans-need-to-submit-to-fae plan he had going all along."

"I'm not surprised."

"Yeah, well, you might be surprised to learn that he sounded very okay with the demons getting out and stealing a few human souls while they're at it."

"Did he actually say that?" Tim sounded like he didn't believe me.

"Yes. I think. Actually, he said something like things not being a coincidence, that they could be part of a plan. I don't know ... I was so tired it's all kind of blending together."

"Well, if that's true, he would be in some serious trouble with the council."

"He'd never agree with you on that. According to him, they aren't in charge of what he does."

"He might be right. But that doesn't mean it's a good idea to be a cowboy and do whatever the heck you want. The council exists so that we can have well-reasoned decisions made by fae who've lived enough lifetimes to help us not repeat the mistakes of our past."

"I'm not old."

"Yeah, well, you're the exception to the rule. You're there because you're dangerous not being there."

"Hey!"

"The only thing that council's missing is a pixie. You should tell them that."

I smiled, picturing Tim getting his cloak, which I hoped would happen soon. "I'll try to remember to do that."

"Anyway, what else happened? Any three-way snogging by any chance?"

"Tim, you are seriously messed up if you think, one, I'd do that, and, two, that if I did, I'd tell you."

He shrugged. "I have to cover all my bases. So tell me. Any other diabolical plans we need to thwart? Love triangles to agonize over? Girls to be jealous of?"

I sighed, ignoring his sarcasm. "No, I don't think so. Ben thinks I'm on his team. Oh! I forgot! And get this ... Leck is the mastermind behind Ben's plan. Can you believe that shit?"

Tim put his finger to his lips, deep in concentration. "Hmmm ... that is distressing, isn't it?"

"Distressing doesn't even begin to cover it. I mean, the guy's a total buttmunch, we both know that, and his tactics are a little too much in the Hitler department to let me believe they're anything but evil. But at the same time, Ben doesn't seem like Leck. Even though they have the same plan, I really believe Ben is doing this stuff because he feels like he's righting a wrong or something. He said something about a scrying and about how all the humans and fae are supposed to be living together out in the open. He's acting like he's just fixing a mistake."

"That's how all dictators justify their actions," said Tim. "Don't let his pretty face distract you from his black heart."

"I don't even notice his face anymore. Every time I look at him, I just want to slap him."

"Maybe you should."

"Maybe after we foil his plans, I will. For now though, we have a better shot of me getting into his inner sanctum if I keep my hands to myself."

"Well, not necessarily ..."

"Tim, shut it. I'm not going to sell out the hootchie to save the fae."

"Geez, what kind of Mother are you?"

I reached out to snag him, but he was too fast for me.

"Ah, ah, aaaahhh. Keep your dirty little fingers to yourself, young lady-fae. I'm having a particularly good hair day today, and I won't have you messing it up."

"Except for that little section right there," I said, pointing to an invisible problem.

Tim zipped over to the mirror. "Where? I swear it was perfect ten minutes ago."

I stood, my mission to annoy my roommate now accomplished. "Come on, I'm starving. Let's go get some breakfast."

Tim was patting his head all over. "My hair's a wreck! How can you expect me to go out in public looking like this? My fans will abandon me for sure."

"Your hair is fine. I was only messing with you. Come on. Besides ... your true fans don't care what your hair looks like."

I opened the door, looking back as I waited for him to get away from his coiffing and fly out in front of me.

He frowned at the mirror. "You know, you're right. My hair was perfect and now I've messed it up." He growled. "Arrgh, do you have any idea how long it takes to make my hair look that good?"

"Ten seconds?" I asked, innocently.

He flew past me and farted as he went by. "Ten seconds, my butt," he said.

I waved my hand in front of my face as I walked through my sitting room. "Wake up, wolfman. Time for breakfast."

Aidan's eyes opened, but he didn't move for a moment. He seemed disoriented.

I stopped when I was next to the couch. "You're in my room, watching my door, remember?" My earlier feelings of security went out the window as I noticed how long it took him to wake up and actually be fully conscious again. I rolled my eyes. Friggin wolves.

He sat up and rubbed his hands all over his head, getting rid of the flat spot on the back but making it stand up everywhere. He was endearingly ruffled now, making me happy to have a wolf at my door, even if he did suck at being alert.

"Oh, yeah. What time is it?" he said in a rough voice.

"Time for breakfast. Come on, Tim and I were just leaving."

He stood and smacked his mouth. "I need a toothbrush."

"After you eat. I'm starving. No time for brushing right now."

Aidan followed, making faces and smacking his lips some more. We made our way down the hall, Tim using the space and the opportunity to practice his midair acrobatics. Aidan looked impressed, but I was used to it. There was no denying, Tim really was awesome at the flying thing.

Tony came out of a door to our left, surprising me enough to make me jump. But I recovered quickly enough and grabbed him into a huge hug. "Hey, Baloney Head! Where've you been?"

He hugged me back and then pulled away. "Working with the gray elves, coming up with a plan." He fell into step beside me.

"Did you do it? Mission accomplished?"

"Yep," he said proudly. "It took a while and a lot of research, but I'm pretty sure we're all set for the council. They've moved the meeting to after breakfast."

I frowned, realizing that would cut into my plan to figure out the rest of Ben's secrets. But fixing our demon problem was a more pressing issue, so I kept walking and didn't argue. I couldn't very well do it in front of Aidan anyway. Telling Tony what I'd found out would have to wait.

We arrived at the dining hall after a lot of fae had already gotten there. The din from the gathered crowd was at its peak, making any further important or private conversation impossible. We went to the buffet and filled our plates, joining our changeling friends at our usual table. I looked over the room, but Ben had not yet arrived. I used the opportunity to visit with my friends.

"Hey, Jayne," said Finn. "How's it hangin'?"

"Uh, it's hanging like normal, I guess," I said, making Becky laugh for some reason.

"That is such a gross image, I swear. Why do guys do that?" she asked no one in particular.

"Because it could hang wrong and then you'd be havin' a bad day. Or it could be hangin' just right and then you'd be havin' a kick-butt day. Get it?"

I shook my head, waving my fork at him. "Trying to eat over here, Finn. Do you mind?"

"Oh. Sorry. So what's new? Last time we saw you, we were tryin' to figure out who was channeling angels and stuff."

"Well, I might have an idea about that." My mind slipped over to the memory of Ben talking about how things that seemed like coincidences could be things being done on purpose. What could be more convenient than getting a bunch of angels to fight a bunch of demons, and having everyone all riled up and destroying the Gray in the process? I cut off my thoughts and finished answering Finn's question. "But this is not the time or the place for talking about it. Plus, I have another council meeting after breakfast."

"So when will we be meeting?" asked Becky. "I need to plan my training to coordinate around all of our schedules."

"After lunch? In Jared's room?" I suggested. I popped a couple grapes into my mouth, putting one in each cheek so I could talk again. "Jared's not here to agree, but if he isn't cool with it, we could always move it to another time or place."

"Jared's room it is," said Finn, shoving a mouthful of meat into his mouth.

Becky patted him on the back, maybe to help him swallow the huge chunk of food that was bulging his cheek out like a chipmunk, I don't know. He smiled at her, and I quickly looked away so I wouldn't see the wreck that was his mouth full of half-chewed breakfast. Apparently, love didn't notice the gross things a person did, because Becky just kept smiling her head off as usual.

Ben walked into the room, and I jumped up with my plate in hand as soon as I saw him. "Gotta go, guys."

"Where are you going?" asked Tim from his spot the table. It was covered in pink goo from a recently slaughtered guava fruit.

"I have to go sit with Ben. I agreed to do it."

"Can I come?" he asked.

"Better stay here. I want Ben to talk to me about some stuff, and he might not do it if you're listening."

"I can listen anyway, you know. I hear all. I see all. I know all."

"Go ahead. Just don't let him catch you doing it."

Tim smiled. "Gotcha. Double-oh-Tim, on the job."

I left the table and my secret agent roommate behind to meet Ben at the entrance. "Hey, you made it. I'll go sit at our table and wait for you, okay?"

"Sure," he said smiling. "Be over in a minute."

I walked over without even realizing that I was about to join not only Ben at his table, but Samantha too. I hesitated for a moment before forcing my feet to move again. Dammit, what is she doing there? I got to the table and put my plate and glass of water down.

She scowled up at me. "What are you doing here?" she asked.

"I was just asking myself the same question about you." I smiled sweetly.

"I sit here every day in case you haven't noticed."

"I haven't, actually. I try to avoid looking at you whenever I can."

"Ditto."

"Let me make it easier for you today, then. This is my spot now. Ben and I sit together." I was channeling jealous girlfriend, and it was surprisingly very easy to do. Something about him being with her just irked me to no end.

"I was here first."

"Yeah, but I was invited. Were you? Or did you just assume you were wanted?"

She didn't answer, but her expression darkened.

"That's what I thought. Run along now, Samantha. Ben's on his way over and I wouldn't want you to be embarrassed by him telling you to leave."

She stood suddenly, her face a deep crimson.

"Hey, Sam, where are you going?" asked Ben from behind me.

"I've been told I'm not wanted here."

Ben put his plate down. "Don't be silly. We can all sit together." He reached over to the next table and pulled a chair over. "Here, Jayne. You can take this seat." He slid it up next to his chair, so that he would be sitting between the two of us.

"No, thanks. I'm not interested in being a part of your harem."

Ben had started to sit, but my words caused him to stop midway. He looked up at me, understanding dawning in his eyes. "Are you two fighting right now?"

"No," we both said in unison.

He said down and sighed loudly. "Come on, stop being ridiculous. We can get along well enough to eat a meal together."

Samantha and I stared each other down, daring the other to leave. I really had no interest in sitting here with either of them, but we were getting ready to go into a council meeting, and I needed to find out more information if at all possible. The question was, how was I going to do it with Her Bitchiness sitting there with us?

Samantha sat back down. "I can handle it." She ignored me, picking up her fork to take a bite of her breakfast ham. "So, Ben, how'd you sleep?"

He glanced up at me and then smiled at her. "Very well, thanks. How about you?"

"Great. I stayed up late working on that spell you asked me about. I think I have it ready. Or I will by the end of the day for sure."

Curiosity took over my common sense and made me sit down next to Ben and keep my mouth shut. I shoved a hunk of bread between my lips to keep myself from commenting about her lame-ass spells.

"That's great news. Do you mind if I tell Jayne about it?"

Samantha frowned. "I don't think that's such a good idea, do you?"

"She's in on everything with us. We had a great talk last night, didn't we?" He nudged me in the arm, smiling.

I grinned back, determined to see this thing through. I mumbled through my bread. "Yep. I'm all on board. Although, I have to admit, I didn't know you were a part of it, Samantha." I turned my hundred-watt smile on her, hoping like hell she was as gullible as Ben.

"If you didn't tell her about me, then you must not have told her much. Why is that, I wonder?"

"No time," I said, not giving Ben a chance to respond. "We met late last night and both of us were too tired to go over everything. But it all sounds good to me."

"We have plans to meet after breakfast today, so I'll fill her in on the rest then."

I shook my head. "I heard we have a council meeting after breakfast, so I think our planning will have to wait."

He shrugged. "We could skip it."

My fork froze halfway to my mouth. "Skip it?"

Samantha was staring at me, a smirk on her face. I knew she was judging my whole involvement by my reaction.

What would a girl who was totally on board with mutiny say right now? "If we want to keep this on the down-low, don't you think it's a better idea to just play along with the council? I mean, if we start giving them a hard time now, before Samantha's ready with her spells and stuff, isn't that kind of like ruining all the work you've put into everything?"

Ben reached around and hugged my shoulders with one arm. "That's why I like having you on my team, Jayne. You're always thinking." He dropped his arm and patted Samantha's hand. "She's right. We have to go. You keep working on your stuff, and I'll catch up with you later."

Samantha dropped her gaze to her plate, but not before I saw her disappointment. "Yeah, sure, Ben. Whatever you say."

I shook my head, turning my attention from her so she wouldn't see my pity. First Jared and now Ben. When is that girl going to stand on her own two feet? I knew Ben was just using her for her witchy talents. If she refused to help him, he'd probably kick her right to the curb. She was way better off with Jared. He was just as dedicated to the fae, but I couldn't see him leading her on like Ben seemed to be doing, and Jared wasn't all about defying the council and forcing the humans to accept his authority.

"I have to go get my cloak," I said, no longer interested in eating my food.

Ben nodded. "See you later?"

"Yeah. See you at the meeting."

I left the lunchroom, gesturing at Tim with my head so he'd follow me out. I saw his small form fly up above the crowd and come in my direction, so I grabbed the door and opened it, going through without even looking after him. The door shut behind me, and I felt a small pressure on my shoulder.

"So, what'd he say? What'd she say? Did you almost knock her out? I could smell the jealousy from across the room."

"Whose? Hers or mine?"

"Hers of course. You're not jealous of her, are you?"

"No, she can have that guy. He's just using her, anyway."

I imagined the door to our room so that I could get my cloak and brush my teeth before the meeting. Tim kept chattering away, oblivious to my lack of response.

"I don't know what her problem is. She's a very powerful witch. She doesn't need the approval or whatever of Ben, even if he is the Father. Word on the street's she's being groomed for Fate work, which as unbelievable as it sounds, could possibly be true. I mean, the only one who'd know for sure is probably Maggie, and you wouldn't catch me dead in her place when that question got asked. Heck no, man. I'm too attached to the Here and Now to go sacrificing it for something that wouldn't even make any difference, you know? I mean, Fate is Fate. Destiny is Destiny. I've got no business messing with that stuff. I'm just a simple pixie."

It was his claim of being just a simple pixie that pulled me out of my thoughts. "What's this nonsense, now?"

"Aren't you listening to me? I'm saying that Samantha is the woman. She's the one the witches are all getting their panties in a twist over. All the rest of the fae have you. They have her. It's all those ninnies can talk about." He snorted.

"Say what now? I don't get it. Why? Is she some kind of superhero?"

"I told you. She's a fated Fate."

I stopped walking, grabbing Tim out of midair.

"Hey! Hands off the merchandise, lady!" He struggled against my grip, but I refused to let him go.

"Chill out, pixieman. And tell me what the hell you're talking about. I don't get it."

He ceased his struggles, throwing his hands up in frustration. "I said she's a fated Fate. Didn't you hear me? Shall I check your ears for polly balls?"

"I heard it, but that doesn't mean I understand it. Explain yourself, or suffer the wrath of my sausage breath."

He held his arms up in the shape of a big cross. "No! I'll do anything! Just don't breathe on me!"

"Fine. Start talking."

He spoke quickly. "Okay, like I said, she's a fated Fate. As in, she's fated to be a Fate. That hasn't happened in eons. I mean, like eons of eons, to the point that fae started thinking they were just a myth or an extinct part of our past."

"What's a Fate? I thought that was like destiny or something."

"No. Well, yes and no. Fate is that. It's how things roll out in your life, but more so, how things interact with each other, how one event or one decision can have lasting and far-reaching effects."

"Butterfly wings causing hurricanes or whatever."

"Yeah, exactly. But then you have Fates ... these witches or fae who start out as witches, but who elevate into another level of power. They can become Fates who then work to affect the destinies of others."

"Why? For what purpose?"

He shrugged. "How do I know? I'm just a simple pixie."

"Bullshit. If you're a simple pixie, then I'm just a wienie water sprite."

"Perish the thought," said Tim, giving a fake shudder for effect.

I opened my palm, satisfied that he would keep talking. "So seriously ... why would it be Samantha? And how can we stop it? Because I'm not sure I want to live in a world where she's making decisions about my life."

"It has something to do with her line, her bloodline. I don't know, I'm sure the gray elves could track the information down in one of their dusty books. But why her specifically? I guess she has all the right combinations of power, position in the bloodline, and whatever other mojo is involved." He did a few midair somersaults before continuing. "But you don't have to worry. If she is one of the Fates, then she won't be able to affect you. You're outside her influence."

"Who isn't ... outside her influence I mean?"

"Pretty much everyone else. That doesn't mean she won't try to influence you, but you could fight her off."

"How?"

"Don't ask me. Ask a Fate."

"If Samantha's the only Fate, how on earth am I going to do that? I can't imagine her telling me what her kill shot is."

"She's not the only Fate. Who told you that?"

"You did, dummy. You said it's been eons since the last one."

"Yeah. Since the last one was turned. Not since the last one was alive. Geez. Pay attention. So far you're pulling a B in this class, but you're getting pretty close to a C."

I ignored my report card, stuck on the whole Fates thing. "How many are there? And where are they? Who are they? And what are they doing all day long? Messing with people's lives or what?"

"There are three possible Fates, but I only know of one. She lives nearby. You know her pretty well, actually - or as well as anyone can know that old bag of rags. And what does she do all day long? She whistles through the spaces where her teeth used to be, she pulls the wings off innocent pixies, and she generally just stinks up the place." He frowned in concentration. "Yeah ... that pretty much covers what she does on a daily basis."

I got a bad feeling in my stomach, my sausages like lumps of lead weight in there. I knew exactly who he was talking about, and all those boxes of tiny mimickers were suddenly taking on a whole new meaning for me.

"It's Maggie, isn't it?"

"Of course it's Maggie. Who else would it be? You? I know the description was a bit deceiving, but no, it's not you. It's the old hag in the woods. Your lovely grandmother."

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

I WANTED TO TALK MORE about this disaster of my arch rival Samantha being a Fate for all the fae around me, and my grandmother being a friggin Fate with a zillion tiny soul parts in her closet, but I lost my audience as soon as he spied the wrapped package lying on the table in our sitting room area.

"Oooh, what's this? A present? I wonder who it's for."

"It's probably for me," I said, walking over.

Tim beat me to it. "Ha! Wrong! It's for me!" He spun around to face me, his eyes all aglow. "What do you think it is? It has no return label on it."

I smiled knowingly. It looked suspiciously like the fabric that my cloak had come in, but wrapped around a much smaller package.

"Open it and see."

"What if it's a trap?" he said, eyeing it warily now. "I have valuable information. Someone might be trying to silence me."

"As if anyone could silence you. Just open it."

"You do it. If it's a trap, it's better if you fall into it."

I laughed. "Why me?"

"You don't have a wife and child."

"True. But that doesn't mean I want a spell on my ass."

Tim flew down closer to the package, hovering just above it, moving back and forth to view it from all angles. "It looks safe."

"Can you detect any magic on it?"

"No. But I'm only good with listening spells."

"Here." I walked over and picked it up. "I'll do the string. You do the rest."

I pulled on the colored twine that was wrapped around the fabric paper covering the item inside. I could feel the soft body of the cloak in my hands, turning it over so Tim could reach the open edges of the wrapping.

"Go ahead, pixieman. Open it."

Tim flew over and grabbed one edge, flying backwards to pull it over and away from the contents. Then he came back and took the other edge, repeating his earlier motions, revealing a purple and green, sparkling piece of material underneath. It matched his wings to perfection.

He gasped, throwing his hand up over his mouth. "What the ...?"

I smiled, looking out towards the garden. "Hey, Abby! Willy! Come over here and check this out!"

Willy came flying up from the table, food all over his face. "Lellamental!" he shouted, coming straight for my forehead. I closed my eyes, waiting for impact, but it never came.

I heard a giggle and opened one eye. Willy was hovering just at the end of my nose.

"See me, Lellamental? I can stop now!"

"That's awesome, Willy. You're as good as your daddy. Just stay away from my nose, okay?"

"How come?" he asked innocently.

"Because you might accidentally lose a polly ball up there again."

"Oh, that wasn't an axe-ka-dent, silly. They were there because I put them in there for a game."

Before I could discuss the terrible idea of using my nose as part of a polly ball game, his mother came up beside him. "Willy, leave Jayne's nose alone. I've already talked to you about this before."

"I didn't touch it! She said it, not me!"

"Hey, guys," I said, interrupting the tantrum I saw coming, "guess what ...Tim got a pretty cool package today. I thought you might want to see him open it."

Tim was frozen in place, his hand over his mouth, his face white. If I wasn't mistaken, I thought there might even be a couple of tears gathering in his eyes.

"What's wrong, darling?" asked Abby, rushing over to be next to him.

"Papa, why are you crying?" asked Willy, sounding like he was ready to bawl himself.

"I'm not," he whispered. "I just ... I just can't believe this."

"Can't believe what, Tim?" asked Abby, staring down at the package. She looked up at me. "What is this, Jayne?"

I pushed open the last two flaps of wrapper that were covering the gift. "I think it's a cloak."

Abby gasped at the winking lights that came up to greet our eyes as the magic in the material was fully revealed. Then she gasped and shrieked, grabbing onto Tim's arm and shaking him like a ragdoll. His head whipped back and forth. "Tim! It's a councilman's cloak! It's a councilman's cloak!"

"I know it is!" he shrieked back, grabbing her hands and shaking them right along with her. They started bouncing up and down together in the air, both of them busting with pride and excitement. I was a little worried someone was going to get pixied if they weren't careful.

"What's dat?!" yelled Willy, trying to get a closer look.

Abby grabbed his arm as he flew by, halting his forward progress and jerking him back and making him look like a dog who'd run out of leash.

"Lemme go, Momma! I wanna touch it!"

"Don't do it, Baby Bee," I said. "Anyone who touches it who's not supposed to gets a really bad burn. Owie."

He stared up at me, suspicion in his eyes. "Huh-uh. You're lyin' so I won't touch it."

I shook my head. "I promise. You can ask the girl it happened to. It was that succubus, Theresa."

He looked down at the cloak, a new expression of fear mixed with respect there. "Okay. I won't touch it then. But maybe only a little."

Abby pulled him closer. "No. Not even a little, Willy. It belongs to your papa, but only if he wants it." She looked up at her husband, and from the angle I was standing, I couldn't tell if she wanted Tim to take it or not.

Tim slowly dropped down until he was just a few inches away from the cloak. "How could I possibly say no?"

"You can't," I said. "It's a huge honor, and the fact of the matter is, we need you on that council. There needs to be not only a pixie, but also a fae who knows about our world and the human world. Someone who's been around for a while. Someone who doesn't just blindly follow orders. Someone who's awesomely awesome. Someone like you, Tim."

He looked up, meeting my eyes. "Did you nominate me?"

"No. I didn't even know I could do that. Celine did. Dardennes seconded and Aidan thirded. I tried to fourth it, but I guess the voting doesn't go that high."

"Noooo..." He smiled like I was joking. "Celine? Dardennes?"

"Serious," I said, putting my hand over my heart. "And everyone agreed. It was pretty much unanimous."

"It would have to be," whispered Tim, looking back at the gift.

I reached down and pulled it from the wrapper. "Come on, roomie. Try it on."

He looked at Abby. "Should I?"

She smiled tremulously. "Of course you should, Tim. You were meant to be on the council. Born to it."

I held it up near the edge of the table, so he could fly down and put it on. I noticed it had holes in the back for his wings. "Get down here and try it on for size. I'll bet it fits perfectly."

Tim for once followed my orders, and as soon as the cloak was on, it really started to shimmer.

"Whhooooaaaa, Papa, that's reeeallly pretty," said Willy, stumbling over himself to get over there and touch it. The kid couldn't help himself.

Tim flew up, testing the feel of it with his wings. He executed three barrel-rolls in a row and nothing bad happened. The cloak streamed out behind him like a real superhero's cape. "You're right, Jayne. It is perfect. Made just for me." He sounded amazed.

"Of course it was made just for you. You see any other tiny fae who could fit into that thing?"

"Abby could. She's deserving."

I instantly felt bad, discounting her like that. "Of course she is. But she's busy with Willy, so it wouldn't be fair to put you both on the council. Who'd take care of the baby?"

Abby smiled at me, nodding once to acknowledge my save. Tim was too busy flying around and admiring himself in the mirror to pay any attention to us. Willy kept flying behind him, trying to catch up so he could put his boogery fingers all over the cloak, but Tim was too fast for him.

"Come on, council member, we have a meeting to go to," I said.

"We do?!" he squealed. "Oh my god, my hair!" He flew back over to the mirror and desperately started smacking his head, trying to get his 'do back in place.

Abby sighed, flying up to be near my face, staring over at her husband with me. "You do realize you've just expanded his ego about ten times its normal size."

"Try fifty times."

She smiled. "You might be right about that."

"But that's why we love him, right?" I asked.

She looked at me and sighed. "I suppose it is."

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

WE FLEW DOWN THE HALLWAY, me on running moccasins, Tim through the air, both of our cloaks fluttering out behind us. We weren't the last ones to arrive at the meeting, but we definitely made the grandest entrance. I threw the door open, making the announcement I knew Tim craved deep down inside.

"Ladies and Gentlefae, may I present ... our newest council member, the awesomely awesome Tim the Pixie!"

Tim came flying through the door, buzzing everyone around the table, causing every one of them but Jared to sit back suddenly to avoid a collision, before coming to rest on the back of my chair. He stood there, his hands on his hips and his legs spread wide, surveying all before him. I was totally bummed he didn't have a tunic with a giant letter S on the front, because it was the only thing his superhero costume was missing at this point.

A couple fae looked irritated, a few were smiling, and Aidan and Jared were laughing behind their hands, pretending to cough.

"Welcome, Tim," said Dardennes, nodding his head in our direction. "I'm pleased to see you've accepted our offer."

Tim bowed back at him. "I'm pleased you all finally came to your senses and offered a cloak to someone truly deserving."

I snorted. "Tim says thanks and it's about time."

I saw Celine smile before she turned her head away, facing Dardennes. He gave no indication that he'd heard what I said, but I knew better. Dardennes never missed a trick.

Gregale and Tony came in and shut the door behind them, interrupting Tim's initiation.

The room was instantly humming with the energy generated by our anticipation, all of us wanting to hear what this gray elf and wrathe had to say. Today we'd find out if we really could open the portals and put those pesky dragons back in business.

I wasn't sure which answer I was hoping for, only that I prayed I wouldn't have to be involved in recruiting those giant lizards back into service. I couldn't imagine it'd be an easy job, what with us not only firing their mates but also killing them off, causing all of them to have to go live in the Otherworlds. I knew if it were me, I'd be like, "Say what now? You want me to sit at this stupid door and guard your f**ked up world after you stabbed my husband in the heart and pulled his teeth out? Oh hell no. How about you come on over here and get your head fried off just for asking." I smiled, thinking about what a kickass dragon I'd make.

But they weren't asking me what I thought about the whole plan, and I was pretty sure I wasn't really qualified to be giving any advice on the matter anyway, so I quit fantasizing about flying and breathing fire and sat down. Ben had come in quietly just before Tony and Gregale, and had taken the chair to my left, saying nothing. So far, he hadn't even acknowledged me, which was only a little irritating since we were supposedly on the same side now with this super secret plan and everything. I rolled my eyes. Guys are so stupid with their head games.

"Gregale, you and Tony are welcome to come stand here at the head of the table to share your findings with the council."

Gregale nodded and quickly moved past my chair to stand near Celine's. Tony followed and stood just behind him, catching my eye and smiling at me. He was so adorable up there I want to jump up and hug him, but I restrained myself, giving him a saucy wink instead.

"Thank you for including us in your decision-making process," said Gregale, his voice belying his nervousness. "We have consulted our history and the memories of the oldest fae to determine the best course of action for ending this current crisis."

I could hear Ben take a deep breath and let it out, sounding almost irritated. I looked around the room, but no one else seemed to notice.

"Until recently, we would have thought that entering into the Otherworlds without the cloak of death would have been impossible." He looked at me and my roommate. "But when we found out that Jayne and Tim had recently entered the Underworld while fully alive, we knew that it was, in fact, possible. The key was to figure out how it happened and how we could then duplicate the process."

Oh boy. Everyone was looking at me, and I couldn't help but wonder what the chances were that they'd be able to figure out how to do all this without talking to me about it or having me actually be the one doing it. I wasn't so sure I could do it again, especially if everyone was kind of counting on it. Expectations tended to throw off my mojo when it came to this magic crap - or anything else, really.

"We discussed Jayne's process with the council members who were privileged enough to hear her story, and we also involved some witches who have had some dealings with demons and angels in their communication spells. It seems that it could be possible to send a small group of fae into the Otherworlds for the purpose of contacting the guardians in their realms."

The whispering started around the table, but Gregale continued.

"It's not without its risks, though, so we must caution the council that whoever they choose to take these journeys, for surely there will be at least two - one into each realm - will do so at great personal risk. It is very likely that not all who go will return."

"What are the odds?" asked Ben.

"Depending on the race of the fae, the odds range from three-to-one, to twenty-five-to-one."

I wondered which category I fell into, and then very quickly decided I didn't want to know. I didn't want to go on this little trip in the first place; and if I did have to go, I wouldn't want to know that I was probably the one who was going to not make it back. It was better to go in balls-out, thinking you were going to come out alive with a new dragon friend than to go in worrying about when you were going to lose your head or get it sizzled off.

"I volunteer to go," said Niles. "Dwarves have long held symbiotic relationships with dragons. I believe we have the best odds of success."

Gregale looked a little uncomfortable at that, and Tony started fidgeting. That told me Niles could possibly be overestimating his awesomeness, at least as far as the gray elves were concerned.

Dardennes looked at Gregale. "Have you put together a list of candidates?"

"As a matter of fact, we have, Anton. Here you are," he said, handing Dardennes a small scroll. "I must say that Tony, our young wrathe, was quite instrumental in constructing this list. He's very good at the game of chess, which uses various pieces to maneuver around a constrained area with numerous threats present and a limited ability to anticipate the moves of the opposition. We find his reasoning to be superbly applicable to this particular situation."

Dardennes gave Tony a brief smile and then opened the scroll, his eyes scanning the list of names.

My palms began to sweat as I wondered if any of my friends would soon be risking life and limb for the fae and humans both.

Dardennes' eyebrow went up a little and then up some more until it finally disappeared into his white hair. He looked over at Gregale when he was done. "Are you sure about this?"

Gregale nodded. "As sure as we can be. It took the greatest amount of our time, constructing this group from the fae we have available here."

"What were your criteria?" asked Niles.

"There were many, of course," started Gregale.

Tony stepped in when Gregale seemed to hesitate. "We looked at the environments they'd be going into, the dangers they'd face and different threats we know are present, their particular skills and talents, and last, their positions here."

"Meaning what?" asked Niles.

"Meaning, if they are more or less expendable to our community, they were higher on the list of potential candidates," said Tony, unapologetically.

"Do you mean to suggest that the fae on this list are considered expendable?" asked Dardennes, clearly offended by the idea.

"No, not at all," explained Tony. "But some have roles here that are more critical and hard to fill than others."

"Which does not explain to me how certain fae could be on this list since they are the only ones who fulfill certain roles and can be the only ones to do so."

I got a shiver up my spine on that one, knowing there were only a couple fae in this place who fit that description, Ben and me being two of them.

"We had to weigh the options, like I said. While someone may be critical to our community here, his or her skills or talents might be so important to the success of the mission that we cannot leave this particular fae out or it will surely fail."

Dardennes took in a deep breath and let it out in a long, unhappy sigh. "I have no problem sharing this list of names with the council, but I am not prepared to agree that it is a definitive list. We reserve the right to add and subtract as we see fit."

Tony and Gregale nodded their heads. "Of course," said the gray elf. "We are merely here to consult for you, not to take it upon ourselves to substitute our judgment for the council's."

Tony looked up at me, his face a mask of stress and self-doubt now. I squinted my eyes at him and nodded my head, trying to tell him he was awesome and had nothing to worry about. I'd totally back him up, no matter what. I sent out the vibe as hard as I could. You rock, Tony Baloney. Whatever you put on that list is good enough for me.

He smiled briefly before going back to being his serious wrathe self.

"Don't keep us in suspense any longer, Anton. Out with it," said Red.

Dardennes held up the scroll and began reading off the names.

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE

DARDENNES' VOICE RANG OUT, BRAVE and unwavering.

"Ben the elemental."

I could have guessed that one.

Tim said softly near my ear, "Could his head possibly get any bigger? I think not."

"Jared the daemon."

Ditto. He knew how to fight.

Tim added. "I'd pick him too."

"Niles the dwarf."

That was going to make the little shrimp happy. And he'd fought enough times and won to prove he could outlive almost every other dwarf on the planet. Maybe he had special ninja moves or something. I planned to pay better attention to his techniques if I ever got the chance to watch him fight again.

Tim snickered. "He'd be like a delicious jalapeno popper for a dragon. Why'd they pick him?"

"Samantha the witch."

Gag me. Why is she always in my face?

Tim's commentary pissed me off this time. "Now she and Ben can get it on in three realms instead of just one."

I reached back to flick him but he was in too awkward a position for me to reach.

"Finn the green elf."

That was going to piss Becky off. She'd probably mope the entire time he was gone. But I was sure he'd make it back. No one could pull off a kill shot like my friend Finn.

"And last but not least ..."

My butt squinched up with the tension, wondering if my name would be next. I didn't really want to go, but to let Finn go without me was making me feel like total crap. What if he ends up needing me and I'm not there? No, I definitely had to go, so I could be there to watch his back. If they called me, I'd agree to be a part of the team without arguing.

Tim sighed. "They probably want me. There is no one in the entire realm who can pixie like I can. Seriously. I was born with this talent. You're going to have to learn to live without me for a while, Jayne. You'll need to watch my family for me."

Dardennes' voice seemed to bounce off the walls with the last candidate's name, leaping from his lips.

"...Tony the wrathe."

My head filled with the sound of constant ringing. Then it was like someone had turned a television to the emergency response channel whine and shoved it into my brain. I couldn't hear what anyone around me was saying anymore; all I could see was their mouths moving, and then my vision slowly faded out to red. I was literally seeing that color, crimson and deep, and was completely unable to stop myself from standing up and yelling out into the room like a wild woman.

"NO!"

The whine between my ears lowered several notches, and all the noise created by the voices in the room died down in an instant. My red rage turned into visions of Tony being skewered by one of those giant dragon talons. Unacceptable.

"No way in hell is Tony going into the Underworld without me!" I was on the verge of losing it, that much was clear from the unhinged tone of my voice.

"Jayne ..." Tony started to say, but I cut him off.

"NO! No, Tony." I pointed at him. "Nothing you say will make it okay. Either you're not going or I'm going with you, it's as simple as that."

Ben put his hand on my arm, pulling it down to my side. "Just sit down, Jayne. Relax."

He sounded irritated, but I didn't care. I jerked my arm away from his touch. "Don't tell me to relax, Ben. I'm relaxed, and I'm not kidding either. I'm not staying behind if Tony goes."

Gregale spoke up next. "We can't have both elementals gone at the same time."

"Then keep Ben," I said. "I'll go instead."

I heard a few twitters around the table, and all that did was piss me off even more.

"What?! You think I can't hack it?" I glared at everyone around me, daring anyone to say something. "You think I can't kick everyone's butt in this room if I want to? And I'll have you know that I've already faced down not one but two dragons and lived to tell about it, unlike every other fae on that stupid list!"

Celine stepped in. "Jayne, please ... just sit down and let us discuss this. Remember, the list is only a suggestion, right?"

I took a deep breath, gripping the edge of the table and dropping down ungracefully into my chair. I never could deny Celine when she used her patient mom voice on me. "Tony's not going," I said in a much quieter voice. "He'll get fried or shish kabobbed for sure."

Tony rolled his eyes at me, and I got the distinct impression he was not happy about my non-vote of confidence; but I didn't care. Facts were facts. Tony sucked at fighting, or at least he was no warrior. And dragons were big-ass scary. No way was he in a position to mess with one of them or any of the demons I'd had the displeasure of meeting.

"We have one opinion registered with respect to the list," said Dardennes, not even looking at me. "Does anyone else have a comment for our consideration?"

"I agree with the suggestions made by the gray elves and the wrathe. The Mother should not go," said Red.

Several heads around the table began bobbing in agreement. My face went hot with rage. Soon everyone but one fae was agreeing with Red. Aidan. I looked at him and blinked twice very slowly.

He winked back at me, smiling ever so slightly.

I knew then what was going to happen, and the red heat faded from my face, the anger being slowly replaced by cool calculation. I didn't give a flying f**k what any of these crusty bastards said. With Aidan's help, I was either going with this dragon posse so I could watch Tony's scrawny back, or I was going to kidnap his stupid chess-playing butt and keep him with me; but no way in hell was he going into that smelly-ass lizard's den without me at his side.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR

THE REST OF THE MEETING passed by in a blur. Tim kept trying to talk to me, but I wasn't hearing any of it. I left the room at the first opportunity and went to my bedroom, leaving Tim to deal with his wife who had a million questions about his first meeting as a councilman.

I yanked my backpack out of the bottom drawer of my dresser, shoving a couple tunics, a pair of jeans, and several pairs of underwear and socks in it. I took off the cloak and tossed it carelessly on the bed, not caring at all if it got wrinkled and messed up.

Stupid council, listening to a damn teenager about who should go see dragons and fight demons. What the hell is wrong with them?

I was so busy packing, I missed the sound of someone coming into my room. A hand took my arm, and I spun sideways, pulling Blackie out and drawing The Green up into me so fast, I didn't even have time to think about it.

I saw his face and nearly collapsed. "Spike!" I yelled, dropping the power from my body and Blackie from my hand, jumping into his waiting arms.

"Whoa," he said, laughing under his breath, "remind me to get possessed and go away more often."

"Where the hell have you been, you jerk?" I asked in his neck. I wasn't ready to pull back yet. His warm body, crazy hair, and strong tattooed arms wrapped around me were exactly what I needed right now.

"I've been hunting a very wily demon, actually. But I'm back for good now."

"Did you get him?" I asked, leaning back far enough so I could see his face.

"Yeah, I did," he said, sighing. "But I let him go."

"Why?"

"Because after he explained himself, I decided that the guy did me a favor. And I could hardly kill him for doing the same thing I would have done in his shoes."

I smiled. "Oh yeah?"

Spike smiled back, dazzling me to my toes with those crazy hot teeth of his. "Yeah."

I pulled back, a little concerned about the swirling red that had picked up in his eyes. I didn't have time to fight him off, and with my emotions all messed up like they were right now, I couldn't even imagine myself wanting to do it.

"So, tell me about it," I said.

Spike looked over at the bed where my backpack lay. "Going somewhere?"

"Maybe," I said, not willing to share any more details than that.

"A little bird told me you plan to jump into the Otherworlds to find a dragon or two."

I frowned. "That little bird is going to get his wings plucked off if he's not careful."

"He's packing too you know." Spike's voice had a bit of censure in it that I tried to ignore. But he wasn't done guilt-tripping me yet, apparently. "Abby's crying. They're fighting over whether he should be going or not ... being a father and all."

I sighed heavily. "He's not going. I won't let him."

"I'm pretty sure the only other fae more stubborn in this compound than you? Is him."

I picked my backpack up, tried to tear it into tiny pieces, and when I failed, threw it angrily onto the ground. "Why does this have to be so friggin difficult?!" I yelled. "Jesus! H! Christ! On a f**king stick!"

Spike reached out and stroked my arm once before dropping his hand. "Talk to me about it. Maybe I can help."

I threw myself down on my bed, face first. I just wanted to fall into a deep sleep and pull Tony and Tim in with me, refusing to let them go until it was too late for them to join the posse. It almost seemed like a doable plan until Spike laid down next to me and started talking, breaking my concentration and derailing my train of thought.

"So. Dragon hunting. Tell me what you're going to do."

"Not me," I said into my covers.

"But Tony?"

"Yeah," I said, rolling over. "Can you believe that shit?"

Spike shrugged. "Well, he does walk the Gray all the time. And he was a passage-maker for all of us. They need to use the Gray to get through. I'd say he's qualified to bring people in and out of there."

I couldn't argue with that logic, but I could argue with my other ammo.

"Yeah, but he sucks in the fighting department. He's a total wimp."

"Not really. I've seen him fight. He's not that bad."

"He's nothing against demons or dragons, Spike, and you know it."

"He's not going alone."

"Yeah. But he's not going with me."

"And that's the problem. Tony's doing his thing without you."

"No, that's not it, jerk." I shoved Spike to get him away from me, but he wouldn't move. "Tony can do anything he wants and be awesome at it. I don't have to be all up in his grill about it. But he can't go risk his life without me there to watch his back. I won't allow it."

"Do you really think you have a choice? Isn't it his choice?"

I sat up, disgusted with my friend. "Whose side are you on, Spike?"

He grabbed my hands and pulled me down on top of him. I struggled to get away, but he wrapped his arms around me and held me tight. "I'm on your side. Always, always on your side. No matter what, I want you to be safe, and I want you and Tony to be happy."

"I don't need to be safe. I need to be fair and right," I said. "I'm the only one who can control two of the elements they might need in this journey. It's not fair that I stay behind all safe and sound while my best friend fights for all of us. I'm going. I'm totally going and they can't stop me."

"What about all the fae you leave behind here, while you risk your life? Don't they count for anything?"

I had a feeling I knew who he was talking about, and I didn't want to break his heart now. But I also didn't really have time to pu**yfoot around, nor did I feel like babying anyone. "Spike, you matter, okay? And so does Becky and Scrum and all of our friends. But I can't leave Tony hanging out to dry. You know that. He's my best friend. He needs me."

Spike gently pushed me off of him, depositing me on the bed beside him. "Well, I guess I'd better go pack, then."

I looked at him, confused. "Pack? For what?"

"For the trip. If you're going, I sure as hell am not saying behind."

I smiled. "You can't go. You're not on the list."

"Neither are you. I say, screw the list. We're making our own list."

I held up my hand for a high five, and Spike delivered, the crack echoing out around the room. "That's what I'm talking about," I said. My smile faded a little as I realized I could be signing my hot friend's death warrant. I needed to say something before he really decided to go for sure. "It's going to be dangerous, Spike. They said a lot of us might not come back."

"Haven't you learned anything yet? The incubus always comes back."

I couldn't help but laugh. "You do seem to have a way of finding your way back here, don't you."

"Some things are worth coming back for, even when it really should be too hard or it's easier to stay away."

"I'm not going to apologize, Spike."

He stepped up and pulled me off the bed, making me stand in front of him. He was close enough for me to smell. I inhaled deeply, taking in his scent, memorizing it.

"I'm not asking you to, babe." He leaned down and kissed me once on the lips, his tongue coming out to just barely brush against my mouth before he backed away. "To be continued. I need to pack. Tell the twins if you see them that I'll catch them later when I get back."

"Pffft. Tell 'em yourself. I have stuff to do." I picked up my bag off the floor and opened my mouth to give him more of a hard time, but he was gone. I was alone in the room again with just my thoughts to keep me company. "Friggin incubus."

I smiled, thinking about how my friend Tony's odds of survival just went up at least ten percent, now that he had a soul sucker on his side.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE

A KNOCK CAME AT MY door as I shoved the last of my toiletries into my bag. Maybe I would be too busy fighting evil to brush my teeth, but I hoped not. I hated fuzzy mouth syndrome.

"Who is it?" I called out.

When no one answered I stuck my head out of the bathroom. Tony was standing in the middle of my bedroom, dressed for a journey with his backpack on and his axe hanging from a belt at his side.

"Hey, Tones," I said, coming out of the bathroom. I'd left my backpack on the floor in there so he wouldn't see it.

"Hey." He was subdued and definitely feeling guilty.

I decided to let him soak in it for a while - marinate in the awfulness. He deserved it for keeping me off that list.

"What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be off finding dragons and killing demons?"

"Come on, Jayne, stop."

"Stop what?" I asked innocently.

"Don't be a brat."

I halted halfway into the room. "A brat? Are you kidding me?"

"No, I'm not. You're cranky because you aren't getting your way, and it's not cool."

I put my hands on my hips, pissed now that he was being so judgey. "Since when are you the king of cool? For your information, I'm not cranky because I'm not getting my way. I would have been fine to stay behind and let Ben be the hero. I'm upset because you put yourself on that list and made it impossible for me to take care of you, you stupid jerk."

Tony smiled. "I can take care of myself, Jayne."

I snorted. "Pffft. Right. We'll see." I stopped myself from going further because I wasn't ready for him to know I was defying his stupid little list. Maybe I'd never tell him. My plan was forming in my mind as I watched the patient look spread across his features. Maybe I'd just follow behind his band of merry men with my own group of merry men and just watch their asses to make sure they didn't get fried.

"I've done it before and I can do it again."

"You've gotten lucky," I challenged. "Don't even try to pull off this I'm-all-kinds-of-warrior shit. I'm not buying it."

He shrugged. "You don't have to. My reasoning is sound. It makes sense for me to be on the list and it makes sense for you not to be on the list. I just came by to say goodbye." He turned to go, I guess giving up on me being reasonable.

I ran over to him and grabbed his backpack, spinning him around and pulling him into a huge hug. I drew The Green up into me, surrounding both of us with its healing energy.

The smell and feel that was Tony filled my senses. My best friend. The kid who'd rescued me from my life of pain and misery. He was leaving me and proud about doing it. And if I were being honest, I could admit I was proud of him too. He was courageous, smart, and dedicated to our people - and totally my better half.

"I could keep you in this bubble forever, Tony, and never let you out."

I could hear the smile in his voice. "No, you couldn't. I can leave into the Gray from here."

"But you won't," I said, completely sure that he wouldn't abandon me if I really, really needed him.

He sighed. "No. I won't. But you'll let me go."

"How can you be so sure?" I pulled away to stare into his eyes. He was taller than me, but not by much. I searched his face, looking for signs that he was afraid or unsure. I wasn't too much of a nice person that I wouldn't totally take advantage of any weakness I saw there to manipulate him into staying.

But it was useless. He was not afraid and looked completely focused. I've seen this look on my friend's face before. Arguing with him would be fruitless. My shoulders sagged and my face fell.

He reached up and tugged a chunk of my hair. "I'm sure because I thought it through completely and considered every scenario and eventuality. This was the only way it made sense. If I don't go, it increases the likelihood that certain fae will lose their lives, and decreases their chance of success. Just like you, Jayne, I have to help wherever I can, however I can."

"Why do you have to be so f**king smart all the time?" I said grouchily.

Tony hugged me to him hard. "Why do you have to be so headstrong all the time?"

"We were born this way, I guess," I said.

"It's our destiny. It's fate. Just let it go."

I pulled back, my smile on my face again. "Did you know about that? The Fates?"

Tony looked at me, confused. "What? Yeah, I know about fate."

"Not fate. The Fates."

"The Greek mythology thing?"

I realized then that he didn't know, and decided that it wasn't something he needed clouding his mind on this dangerous trip. For Tony, an unsolved puzzle was too tempting to ignore, and this would definitely go in that category.

"Yeah. Whatever. Anyway, have a great trip. I'll be here waiting for you when you get back."

Tony's eyes narrowed. "Why are you suddenly okay with this? What are you planning?"

I opened my eyes wide, trying to look as innocent as possible. "Nothing. I'm just planning a little revenge, that's all. You'll see when you get back."

Tony relaxed instantly. "Fine. I look forward to whoopie cushions on all my chairs when I return."

I smiled at the memories he was conjuring. "That was pretty funny, you have to admit."

"It might have been funny in second grade. In tenth grade, it's more just embarrassing. For you, not for me."

"Yeah, right. You were the farter, not me."

"Only because you caught me not looking out for your stupid pranks. But hey, look who the farter is now, right?"

I punched Tony hard in the arm. "Shut up, Baloney Head! We aren't going there, ever!"

He smiled, rubbing his shoulder. "Fine. But I'm sure glad I witnessed your superpowers in action. Now I have more ammo for the trip."

"Yeah, right. Better go fill up on beans and broccoli before you leave. Who knows how many spells you'll get caught up in?" I suddenly realized I had no idea where he was going first. "So where are you going? Overworld or Underworld?"

"It's top secret. Need to know basis only."

I glared at him. "Tell me or suffer my wrath, Tony. I'm not playing."

He smiled, obviously enjoying torturing me. "Your wrath? What's that? A wedgie?"

"An atomic wedgie. You don't even want to go there. Just tell me. What difference will it make?"

"Exactly. Why do you need to know?"

"So I can pray for you or whatever, how do I know! Maybe I can send you some good vibes if I know where you're going."

"Nope. You're not going. And you're not following me. And you're not sending me any vibes, either. Just stay here, Jayne." He leaned over and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, which shut me up more than any of his words ever could. "I'll see you when I get back."

I reached up and wiped his kiss off while he was still watching me. "Not if I see you first, idiot."

"Love you too," he said, moving to the door.

I almost held out, but then as he was walking through the doorway, I yelled, "Love you too! Come back or I'll f**king come and get you!"

The door shut behind him, and I ran to the bathroom to get my backpack.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX

I WENT OUT INTO MY sitting room, looking for Tim, dropping my backpack on the ground near the hallway leading to my front door. He came up out of his living area when he heard me. I thought I was pissed off, but my mood was nothing compared to Tim's.

He was flying in agitated zig-zags around the room, mumbling something about she-pixies when I finally interrupted him. His hair was sticking out on one side, but I didn't have the heart to tell him.

"Are you going or staying?" I asked.

"Staying!" he shrieked.

"Geez, sorry I asked."

"Do you have any idea how emasculating it is to have your life ruled by a she-pixie?"

"No. But I could imagine."

"You have no idea. You cannot possibly imagine. My testicles? They're in her purse."

"Does she use a purse?"

"Shut up, Jayne! You know what I'm saying!"

"Yeah, yeah, your testicles are no longer in your pants. And ew, thanks for the visual."

"Yes. Exactly! I have no man-seed anymore. I'm flowers and petticoats. I'm fawning and curtsying. I might as well go dye my hair blue."

I shook my head in confusion. "I got everything but the blue hair part, Tim. Sorry."

"Blue hair? Pixie eunuchs?"

"Gah, why on earth would anyone want a pixie eunuch around?"

"My point exactly."

I let it go, certain I wasn't going to get a sensible answer out of him right now. He was too upset to bother trying to remedy my ignorance.

"You could go anyway," I suggested.

Tim's eyes lit up for a second and then the light quickly died. "No. As tempting as that might be, I can't. I'm a husband and a father now, and I have to put my family's needs first."

"You sound like Abby talking."

"Don't remind me," he said, throwing himself down on the couch on his back. "I've become my worst nightmare. A homebound pixie eunuch. I'm giving back my cloak. I don't deserve it."

I went over and sat down next to him, causing him to pop up into the air and then flop back down. He glared at me, but I couldn't help but smile back.

"Listen, Tim, it's not like that. First of all, we're not going to be gone long. And second, I hate to say this, but Abby's right. Willy needs you here. You can't keep expecting Abby to do everything while you go off having fun all the time."

"You think I don't know that? Geez, Jayne, I'm not a wee fae, okay? I know I have responsibilities, and I know my son needs me. Abby said I could go, alright?"

"Well, then, what are you so mad about?"

"I don't know! Being a parent is hard!"

I smiled. "But you're so good at it."

"No, I'm not. The truth is, I'd rather be fighting demons than here wiping boogers off my kid's face. That's so terrible to admit. Face it. I'm a bad father."

"I'm pretty sure that's normal for a guy. And even chicks hate wiping boogers. That stuff is nasty no matter who you are."

He sat up and looked at me. "Do you really think that? Or are you just trying to make me feel better for being a terrible father?"

I found it strange that my roommate was actually asking me what I thought of his parenting, but I knew it was important that I be straight with him right now. "I really think that, Tim. The cool thing is that you're admitting it to yourself but not giving into that selfishness. That's the sign of a great dad, I'm pretty sure. It'd be much easier for you to just go and leave them behind. It's in your nature to fight evil, to fly against dragons and save the human race; so the fact that you're choosing not to means a ton."

"Yeah," he said, sounding inspired.

"You're choosing to stay behind and wipe butts and boogers, so that makes you a kick-ass dad."

"Yeah," he said grumpily. "Thanks for the reality check."

"I'm here for ya, Tim. And now I need something from you, something super important and without it, my mission will fail."

He perked up instantly. "What is it, my liege? Say the word and it shall be done."

"I need your testicles for a spell."

"What?!" He flew up towards the ceiling. "No way, changeling. Huh-uh. You stay away from my man-marbles." He cupped his hands over his crotch in a protective gesture.

I laughed until my stomach hurt, he looked so ridiculous flying around with a hand-cup on. When I could finally talk again, I said, "I thought you said you didn't need them anymore."

"I wasn't serious, you empty-headed gnat! Of course I still need my pixie mcnuggets. Don't be ridiculous."

My stomach ached with the laughing and the restraint I tried to put on myself so I could actually talk to him seriously again. "I'm just kidding, you dork. Seriously, though, I need you to spy on the posse for me and find out where they're going first, to the Underworld or the Overworld."

"Oh," he said, coming back down to the couch, still not willing to let go of his jewels. "That I can do. Testicles? No. Spying? Absolutely."

"That's what I thought. So can you go, like, now? They're leaving soon."

"Your wish is my command, Lellamental." He looked over at the table, yelling, "Abby, I'll be right back! Don't go to lunch without me!" He put his hand next to his mouth to send his voice over in my direction, out of the hearing-range of his wife. "I said that so she wouldn't freak out, thinking I was trying to sneak away."

I put my hand over my mouth in the same way and whispered. "You so have her all figured out."

The self-satisfied smile dropped from his face at Abby's shouted response.

"Get your spying done and then get your butt back here. I need help finding your son. He's disappeared again."

Tim sighed and shook his head. "Why is he always my son when he's being bad?"

"Because that's your DNA working its magic, that's why."

"He is quite handsome, though, you have to admit," said Tim, flying over towards the door.

I followed him so I could open it, saving him from having to squeeze through the hole in the wall that I was sure was there so he and his family could get in and out without using the door. "You're right," I agreed. "He is a handsome little devil ... emphasis on the devil part."

"I'll see you soon," said Tim, holding up his hand.

I gave him my index finger so we could do a high-one. "Be cool, pixieman. Don't let them see or hear you."

"Ten-four, good buddy. Over and out," he said, flying through the door.

I shut it behind him, realizing I'd left my dental floss in the bathroom. I ran back to get it, watching Abby flit from flower to flower out in the garden on my way past. I smiled as I ran into the bathroom and grabbed the little white box from my sink's edge. That pixie kid was a serious pain in the butt. I wondered if Tim had been like that when he was little. Probably. Who was I kidding? He was still a pain in the butt - but in a good way.

I went back into the sitting room and put the dental floss into the side pocket of my bag before sitting down on the couch, waiting for news of the posse and the arrival of my wolfman and incubus cohorts. Abby had disappeared deeper into the garden, leaving me alone with my thoughts.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN

AIDAN CAME IN THE ROOM a few minutes later, saving me from second-guessing the soundness of my plan for the tenth time. He had a travel pack over his shoulder and a big knife strapped to his belt.

"Ready to go?" he asked.

"The question is whether you're ready to go," I said. "I'm not even sure we're on the same page. We haven't had time to discuss our plan."

"I saw your face, heard what you had to say, and felt your anger. I assumed that meant we were going after the rest of them into the Otherworlds."

"You assumed right," I said, smiling. "And I appreciate you going, but I'm not sure I deserve the dedication."

"I pledged to watch over you. I can't very well do that from here if you're over there." He dropped his bag on the ground next to mine and joined me on the couch.

"That makes me feel guilty," I said. "I hate feeling guilty."

"Don't feel that way. I could just not go. Honestly, the wolf is offended that none of our kind were included on the list. I'm merely righting an oversight on the part of the gray elves. With me along, our chances of survival increase at least twenty percent." He smiled.

"I had no idea you were so good with math. But seriously, you shouldn't take it as a bad thing you weren't on that stupid list. I wasn't included either. I know I suck some of the time, but I can do some things that I know would help. Plus, I've been there before. I've talked to the dragons, so they know me; and I made it back once already, so I figure I have as good a chance as anyone else at surviving."

"Or better. But that's not their issue. I believe they are worried about losing you more than they are considering how much help you'd be."

"Doesn't matter. I'm going, so there's nothing they can say."

A knock came at the door and then it opened before I could think about whether I wanted to answer. Ben came walking through, his expression all business.

My heart seized up in my chest as I caught him looking at our bags by the door with suspicion.

He raised an eyebrow at me. "Going somewhere?"

"Uh, yeah. On a hike. Through the woods. To see Maggie."

"Yeah, right. I know you plan to follow us, Jayne," he said, coming over to stand near me. "And the wolf is going with you. I came to tell you good luck."

"You knew I was going to go? How?"

"I pay attention. You'll be lucky if the entire council hasn't figured it out."

I got up and grabbed our backpacks, shoving them under the couch just in case anyone else decided to drop by. "Thanks for the warning." Leave it to Ben to bring down a good mood.

"I came to talk to you about ... what we discussed yesterday." He looked over at Aidan pointedly. "Can we talk somewhere else?"

"Come into my room for a second," I said. "I'll be right back, Aidan."

He nodded, lying down on the couch and closing his eyes. "I'll be right here."

Ben walked into and stood in the middle of my bedroom, looking around. "So this is what the inner sanctum looks like."

"Shut up and tell me what your plan is for this dragon recruiting or whatever."

"I can't."

"Why not?"

"Because I've been sworn to secrecy. The less fae who know, the better chance we have of making it out and back without any interference."

It was on the tip of my tongue to ask him if he'd told Leck or Malena yet, but I held back. Better to play stupid for now.

"I'm not going to tell your secret. Who would I tell, anyway?"

"You might reveal it without realizing it or while under the influence of a spell. And I know you plan to go, but I just wanted to say that I think it's a bad idea."

"Why?"

"Because. You're too valuable here. We can't risk losing you."

"And we can risk losing you?"

"I won't be killed, so it's not a risk." He shrugged as if just him saying so would make it true.

"You're just as vulnerable as I am."

"No, I'm not. I have friends in high places." And just like that he admitted to having demons as bedfellows.

He disgusted me. I tried to keep my lip from curling in disdain, but it was hard.

"Your mouth is twitching," said Ben, smiling. "What's the matter? Cat got your tongue?"

"More like a demon," I said, challenging him with a look.

He dropped his smile. "When I get back, we'll talk."

"I'm looking forward to it," I said, totally not meaning it except maybe I was looking forward to beating him about the head and shoulders. I was ninety-five percent sure he was working behind everyone's back on his own agenda, even while on this trip, and so I was going to do whatever I could to make sure that whatever he accomplished was what the council wanted him to. I didn't necessarily like all those crusty fae, but I trusted that they were doing what was best for all of us, even if they were being stupid about that list. I had to go and do this. The council was going to set a traitor loose in the Otherworlds.

"I have to go on my hike, Ben, so you need to leave."

He smiled. "Gladly. I'll see you here when I get back."

"Maybe, maybe not."

I followed him out into my sitting room, shocked out of my drawers to find Samantha standing there like she had every right to. She was just tucking a thin stick into her belt when we emerged.

"What are you doing in here?" I asked accusingly. She couldn't possibly be up to any good.

"Just taking care of some loose ends," she said smugly. "Ready to go, Ben?"

"Yep." He walked over and took her by the arm. "See you later, Jayne."

They both left the room, saying nothing more. I was temporarily rooted to the spot, angry as hell that she'd just come in here without an invitation and acted so smug. Her cryptic answer had done nothing to make me feel better about the invasion of my privacy.

I walked over and smacked Aidan on the foot to wake him up. "Come on, Sleeping Beauty, we have asses to go kick."

He didn't respond.

I frowned at him, moving closer and knocking his leg a little harder with my knee. "Come on, Aidan, we have to go. We'll find Tim out in the hallways somewhere."

His eyes remained shut, and he didn't flinch, even when I bent over and shook his shoulders.

I stood up. "What the frig?" I said out into the room, looking around, wondering what the hell was going on. And then I had a flashback to Samantha tucking that damn wand back into her pants. "Oh hell no!" I yelled, dropping down on my knees beside Aidan and shaking him hard by the shoulders, enough to get his head lolling all over the place. "Aidan! Wake the hell up, you idiot!"

He was dead asleep - still breathing but not getting up for anything. That stupid wench had thrown some sort of spell on him while Ben kept me busy in the other room.

"Son of a bitch!" I screamed. I stood and strode over to the table in the garden area, looking for Abby. She wasn't there, but I did find her about five steps farther out in the garden, lying right in the middle of the path, sound asleep just like Aidan. She was lucky I hadn't stepped on her and squished her like a damn bug.

"Are you friggin kidding me?! Abby, get up!"

A couple seconds later I heard a voice behind me and it made me jump.

"Geez, lighten up on the caffeine, roomie. I have the intel you needed." Tim was back and happily oblivious to the disaster that was our situation now. "They're going to the Overworld first. They're hoping they can get some angels to help when they go to the Underworld after. They've got Shayla going and Garrett waiting to join them in the Underworld."

"Tim, I have some really, really bad news," I said.

"What?"

"Samantha spelled Aidan and Abby."

"Spelled them? How?" He turned to look over at Aidan. "He's just taking a nap. Werewolves are big nappers."

I moved to the side so he could see his wife lying dead-like out on the path. "Is Abby just sleeping too, then? Is she a big napper?" I asked sarcastically.

"Gah!" Tim shrieked, flying so fast over to his wife he was a blur, landing on the ground next to her and picking up her torso, hugging her close to him. "Oh, Abby, what has that awful witch done to you?!"

"She's still breathing, Tim. I seriously think they're just sleeping." Aidan's snore from across the room confirmed my diagnosis.

Tim kissed Abby all over her face and then looked for a reaction. "It's not a spell broken by a handsome prince, I can tell you that."

"I'm sure the witch healers will be able to fix them both up, but I'm not going to be able to hang around and help out. I'll get Becky over here to do it. I have to go track down Samantha's sorry ass and give her a taste of her own medicine."

"How are you going to do that? You can't cast spells."

"Yeah, but I can punch her in the face. I figure that qualifies as an eye for an eye."

Tim twisted around, his angry face nearly glowing with rage. "I agree. Punch her twice, once for you and once for my darling Abby." He gently laid his wife back down on the ground. "Jayne, will you please put her in our bed? I'd do it, but I need to save my strength."

I didn't question him, I just did as he asked. She was so light when I picked her up, I felt like I was carrying the empty husk of a long-dead grasshopper in my hand. It was sad, and I had to fight back the tears that threatened. She looked seriously dead.

I looked over at Aidan sleeping away on the coach and was at a loss. "What the hell am I supposed to do, Tim? Aidan was going to be my wingman."

"You can't go alone," he said.

My door opened and Spike stepped through. "I'm all packed. Are we ready to go?"

I smiled humorlessly. "I'm not going to have to go alone." I looked over at Tim. "You got this, roomie?"

"Yeah, I got this. Go kick some serious ass, J.B."

"You got it."

I walked out, pulling my backpack out from under the couch and taking Spike by the hand. "Come on, loverboy. Let's go hunting."

CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT

WE WALKED DOWN THE HALLWAY, doing our best to keep it quiet, speaking in hushed tones. Our whispers bounced off the rock walls making up the passageway.

"So where exactly are we going?" Spike asked.

"First to the meadow where I met Garrett and Shayla, then to the Overworld."

"Do you know how to get us there? To the Overworld, I mean?"

"I think so. I know I can get us to the Underworld. It shouldn't be too different, right?"

Spike didn't answer right away, but eventually he said, "Let's hope not."

We reached the door leading to the meadow, and I pushed it open. No one was there to greet or surprise us, which made my heart beat just a tiny bit slower. My stress-level was at about seven out of ten, but it wasn't going to take much to push it to the edge.

At some point along the way, I'd dropped Spike's hand, but he took it up again. I loved the feel of his warm grip surrounding my cold, nervous fingers. It felt steady and sure, and brought with it a sense of loyalty that I know I'd be hard-pressed to find elsewhere. There was a lot to be said for undying affection. I didn't know what I'd done to deserve this from him, but I wasn't going to be throwing it back at him anymore. I wasn't certain exactly what that meant for us, but for sure I wanted to honor what he was doing for me right now. Ben was bound to me, but he'd done nothing but betray me and use me to get what he wanted. As far as I was concerned, I owed him nothing but honesty. And from now on, that's all he was ever going to get from me.

We reached the meadow where my mom's tree was growing strong. I took Spike over to the place where Shayla had appeared, stopping where I thought her form had first shown itself to me and Garrett.

"What are we doing here?" asked Spike.

"This is where Shayla first came into our realm. I was hoping it was some kind of direct route to the Overworld or something."

"But didn't she come in through the Gray?"

"Yes, but I don't know if she wandered around in there or just stepped through." I let go of Spike's hand and threw my arms up in frustration. "I don't know what I'm doing, Spike! I'm just trying to figure things out as I go along."

He leaned over and took my hand back, picking it up and stroking it with his other one. "Relax, Jayne. You're strung up tighter than a piano wire. We can figure this out together, just tell me what your plan is."

I sighed. "I seriously don't have one. I thought first I'd get us into the Overworld, then go find the dragon and talk to it."

"How big is the Overworld?"

"I have no idea. Probably huge."

"And where do the dragons live there?"

My stress-level rose with every question out of his mouth. "I don't know! How am I supposed to know that shit?!"

He squeezed my hand. "I'm just asking. Don't get all riled up. Take a breath so we can work through this."

His voice was very soothing, and I decided I couldn't do any worse by following his advice. I breathed in deeply and then let the air out steadily and slowly. It calmed my heart rate just a little, allowing me to clear my mind a bit.

"Fine. I'm chill now."

"Okay, so who do we know who might be able to help us?"

I thought about it. Who's gone into the Overworld and is someone we can talk to? "Chase, Shayla, and Beau. All angels."

"Alright, see? Now we have some progress. What are the chances we can contact any of them right now or shortly after getting there?"

"I think I could contact Beau right now. Chase, I have no idea. I think Shayla is with the other posse, so maybe she's out of the picture for us."

"Okay, let's go with Beau then. Do you think we could call him now so we could ask him if he could help us go in?"

"I'm willing to try."

Spike squeezed my hand again and then let it go. "Do it. I'll be right here if you need me."

I smiled tremulously at not only his patience but also his total faith in me. I knew in the deepest part of soul that if I screwed this up, he was still going to love me. It warmed my heart to know that unconditional love was possible even in the Here and Now. I realized that if I didn't want to, I didn't have to wait for the end of my life to be with someone who could feel that way about me, and knowing this made me feel lighter and happier than I thought I dared be.

I cast my eyes to the ground, telling myself now was not the time to go all goo-goo over Spike or question my feelings over Chase, the angel who refused to have me in his life right now. I had to get this Beau guy on the line and see what he could do to help us out. My lids went down as I focused my energy out into the element sitting at my feet. I tapped into The Green with my mind, asking for it to reach out and find the angel with the great big white wings and the sword at his side.

Beau, I said in my mind. Come to me. I need your help. Please, this is urgent. I pictured the dark space where I went when I slept, the place I pulled unwitting fae and angels into by some power I hadn't yet identified. Beau! I'm out in the meadow! Please come!

Spike's voice cut into my concentration. "Jayne, I think something's happening."

Before I could even open my eyes, I heard Beau's voice. "I'm here. I thought we were not supposed to communicate this way anymore."

As my eyes found their focus, they picked up the shimmering whiteness that was appearing in front of Spike and me.

Yeah, well, a girl's allowed to change her mind.

Once he was fully formed and standing in front of us with his heavy-looking wings folded, I spoke aloud. "Thanks for coming."

He nodded, looking briefly at Spike before turning back to me. "What can I do for you?" he asked.

"Remember how you said you'd make sure I was protected?"

"Yes."

"I need you to do that."

"And so I have."

I frowned. He had a funny way of protecting me when the fae around me were dropping like flies. But that was an argument for another day. "I need you to take me into the Overworld to see the dragons there."

"That would not be protecting you. That would be leading you to your death."

"Well, I'm going with or without you, so I figured you'd like to be around for the whole thing. This is the last time I'm going to ask."

He said nothing; he just stared at me.

I looked over at Spike. "Don't you just love the whole tall, dark, handsome and silent thing?"

He shook his head slowly, looking from Beau to me and back to Beau again.

"Yeah. Me neither." I looked at the angel. "Alright. You had your chance. You might want to fly away now so you don't get caught in my web."

His wings opened so quickly I almost had a heart attack. I fell back in fright, grabbing my chest involuntarily as I did. Spike crouched down, looking like he was ready to rip someone's neck out. His teeth were bared and glistening, making me take a step away from him too, worried for a moment about my own wellbeing.

Spike stood slowly, crafting his features back into their regular state, closing his mouth before he looked over at me. "Those are some big-ass wings, aren't they?"

It seemed to be his way of apologizing to me for going all freaky incubus on me, so I just nodded, accepting his gesture. I turned back to Beau and said, "Nice. But it's not going to change anything."

For the first time since I'd seen an angel, I started to wonder if they weren't so different from the demons in the Underworld. Beau looked seriously scary right now. His face was dark with emotion and his presence was nothing less than threatening. I decided then, in that moment, that I needed to not piss off any demons or angels on my quest to find a dragon. Either could be my undoing.

"Okay, soooo ... Spike and I will be going now, Beau. Thanks anyway for the help. I'm sure we'll be fine without it."

"You cannot enter without escort," he said, his voice deep and almost booming.

My throat closed a little, necessitating that I clear it a few times before my voice would work properly again. "Well, I'd appreciate it if you would be our escort, but if you don't want to, I will understand."

Beau's wings slowly folded back in, the flapping of the stiff feathers against one another a reminder that these things actually worked to fly his huge body up into the air. It was unbelievably awesome and intimidating at the same time. I hoped like hell that one day I'd have a pair and not a set of claws and a leathery hide instead.

"I will take you, if you can get yourself into the realm." He quickly faded out to a bright light and then nothing, leaving Spike and I alone in the meadow.

Spike heaved out a sigh that sounded a lot like relief. "Well, that went well."

"Remind me not to piss off angels in the future, would ya?"

"You can count on it." He stepped over to be next to me. "So what's next? Are we outta here?"

"Yeah. We're blowing this popsicle stand." I hitched my bag up high onto my back. "Hold my hand. I'm going to see what I can do to get us thrown into the Overworld."

"Thrown?" asked Spike in a weak voice. "I'm not sure I like the sound of that."

"It's not literal," I said, smiling. "Just watch and learn." I closed my eyes, picturing all of the fae in the compound and those who might be wandering around the forest anchored to the ground with tree roots, hoping that I might be including the posse on the council's list. I left Spike and myself out of the equation, instead asking the elements Earth and Water to come join us and work their magic into sending us where we needed to go.

CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE

THE GREEN SURGED UP FROM the earth and covered us with its power, pulsing and rocking over and around our bodies. I was using too much maybe, but I was missing Ben's elements and thought maybe just a lot more of mine might do the trick to overcome the pieces of the mix that I didn't have at my disposal. The air crackled with the unbridled energy.

Water came next, roaring as a giant wall of liquid blue that slowly built up to surround us, putting us in the center of a tunneled spout that rose up high into the sky.

"Jayne!" yelled Spike, stark fear on his face.

I squeezed his hand back but said nothing, closing my eyes to the evidence of my power. The last thing I needed was to freak myself out in the middle of everything.

Elements, send us to the Overworld. I need to see the angels and the dragons who call that place home. Keep the fae who are rooted to this realm here. Send my friend and me to the Overworld, please. I cannot stay here and fulfill my responsibilities to this place without this.

My body was suddenly lighter, and it felt as if I were slowly lifting up from the earth. "I think it's working, Spike!" I said excitedly. My hair was swirling around my head in a tangled mess. My tunic was plastered to me, soaked with the moisture in the air.

I heard the sounds of a runaway train, screeching its whistle so loudly it sounded like the engine was in my head. I lost my grip on Spike's hand and knew he was instantly far from me, no longer in my sphere of influence. I screamed out his name, "Spike!" but the word came back to me a muffled, incoherent mess. I knew he'd never hear me in all of this. And then the roar of the train began to fade and for a moment, I thought I was safe.

One second I was standing in the meadow with the sounds dying down, and the next, I felt myself separated from the ground and thrown through the air, the sound of rushing wind, water, and energy going past my ears at a furious pace. I wasn't with Spike anymore, and I prayed he was safe somewhere, but my heart soared with the idea that soon I'd be standing in heaven, gazing upon the beautiful angels and very possibly seeing Chase again.

But then all of my visions suddenly came to a very sharp end, when I hit the dirt and tumbled ass over teakettle through the brush and leaves until I finally came to a stop at the base of Maggie's tree.

CHAPTER FORTY

I STOOD SLOWLY, GINGERLY, FEELING all my parts, hoping none of them were broken. So far, so good, I said to myself, wincing when I touched my elbow with my fingers. Skinned. Great. I looked around, smiling through the pain when I saw Spike emerge from the trees to my right. He looked as terrible as I felt.

"Well, that was a hell of a trip," he said. "Are we there yet?"

I snorted. "I don't know. I kind of expected something a little more glamorous than this."

"Yeah. Me too." He pulled several twigs out of his hair and then reached over, taking some leaves out of mine.

"Thanks."

"You look terrible," he said, trying to smooth down his tunic, which had gotten very wrinkled.

"You don't look so hot yourself, there, cube-eye."

He smiled at me, and I was sorely tempted to take back that last comment, but before I could flirt anymore, the door to Maggie's house opened up and her shaggy head came out.

"What are you doing out there?!" she yelled. "I'm trying to sleep!"

"Sorry, Maggie," I said, my smile disappearing. "Does this mean we aren't in the Overworld?"

"Don't be ridiculous."

When I didn't say anything back she squinted her one good eye up at me.

"Did you mean to go there?"

"Yes."

"Why would you want to do that?"

"It's a long story. Can you help?"

"No!" she said, slamming the door in our faces.

I sighed. "She totally can. I know she can." I was afraid to say that I could sense the lie in her tone. It was just way too Maggie-like to admit. I walked up to the door and banged on it hard, three times. "Open up, you old hag. I know you can help us."

"Go away!" came the muffled voice from inside.

"I will once you've sent me to the Overworld!"

The door flew open and spittle came flying out of her mouth. "Shhh! Do you want the entire forest to know where you're going, foolish child?!"

I shrugged. "What's the big deal?"

Faster than I thought possible, she reached through the door opening and hooked her boney fingers into my tunic, yanking me towards her. I stumbled forward and felt her hot breath on my neck as she hissed, "Evil treads here! Hush your mouth, lest you attach it to yourself!"

I reached down to detach her from my shirt. "Okaaayyy, whatever you say, Mags. Can we come in or what?"

The door opened another few inches. "If you must," she said, before shuffling away from the entrance.

I looked back at Spike. "That's about as much of a welcome as we're going to get, I think."

He shrugged. "I've gotten less and been rewarded. I'm not picky."

I smiled, turning to go into Maggie's house, gesturing for Spike to follow me. The door creaked inwards, allowing the stench from her cooking pot to fully enter our noses.

"Oh, man, what the hell?" said Spike, reaching up to cover his mouth and nose.

I quickly switched to breathing through my mouth. "I have no idea." I looked over at Maggie, worried about getting too close to her brew. There was a black and white clump of fur on her table. "Fuck me ... Maggie ... is that a skunk?"

She ignored me, stirring her brew slowly.

"I think it's a skunk," said Spike, also breathing through his mouth now. "What kind of spell uses skunk stench?"

"Nothing good," I said before turning my attention back to the nutty witch. "We need to get to the Overworld, like now, Maggie. I tried to do it myself, but I guess without Ben's help it's not going to work."

"So you've come to me once again," she said, not looking at us. She increased her volume about five notches and spoke again, looking over at her shelves. "Did you hear that, Melvin?! She's come to us for help again!"

Her giant rat's dirty nose peeked out from between some dusty bottles and wiggled around a little, bobbing up and down as he gathered the scents into his head. I swear I could tell the exact moment his nose caught wind of that brew she had cooking up. The twitching and wiggling stopped and the rat backed into the darkness behind the bottles faster than I thought his fat ass was capable of moving.

"That's probably a bad sign when the witch's pet rat doesn't even like the smell," said Spike quietly in my ear.

"Tell me about it," I said softly. I raised my voice. "So can you help us, Maggie?"

"Everything is negotiable. I thought I told you that before."

"Oh, yeah. How could I forget? What do you want this time? I don't have any pixie wings with me."

She cackled. "Don't be so sure about that. But that's not what I want. I want something else."

"Whatever you want, I'll give it to you."

"Not from you," she said, finally looking up. "From him!" She poked her spoon in Spike's direction, causing both of us to jump.

Spike pointed to his chest. "Me?"

"Yes! You! What are you? Deaf?!"

"Not yet," he said under his breath. He stepped forward and raised his chin a little. "What do you want, witch?"

"Just a little tiny piece of your soul. No big deal."

Spike put his hand over his heart, his face going a shade or two whiter than it already was naturally. "My ... soul?" He turned to look at me. "She's kidding, right? Tell me she's kidding."

I shook my head. "Forget it, Maggie. No one's giving you any mimickers, so you can just think of something else."

She shrugged. "You want to go or not? This is the price."

I took a few steps forward. "I'm only going to say this one more time, crone. You're not taking a piece of my friend's soul ... or his fingers or his toes or his earlobes or his hair or anything else! No more body parts!" I was pissed and also a little worried that this serial killer mentality she had was eventually going to drip down the family line and infect me too. I looked up at the heavens and sent up a silent prayer. Please don't let me turn into a serial killer.

"You should be thanking me, not praying for salvation, silly chit."

My mouth dropped open. "Listening in on prayers, Maggie? Another new low. How is that even possible?" I walked over to her pantry and grabbed the handle.

"Hey!" she shouted, taking her spoon out of her brew and pointing it at me.

I tried to ignore the drops that fell and made black spots everywhere they touched. Ew. Skunk stains.

"Get away from that door!" she yelled.

I yanked it open, my nostrils flaring at the musty smell that hit my face. "You have boxes and boxes of little soul parts in here. Let's just use one of those, shall we?" I gave her an evil smile and stepped into her little pantry of horrors.

I could hear her screaming behind me, but I ignored her, pulling the door closed behind me and sending a message out to the Ancient, the tree who's body I was standing in, to seal the door shut. Her banging and tugging on the handle that soon followed was fruitless.

I looked around the room, taking in the shelves and shelves of small, wooden boxes. "Hmmm, now what do we have over here?" I asked myself out loud, walking over to the nearest shelf.

Everything that had been messed up when Torrie had been in here had been put back to rights. Considering what a slob Maggie was out in the other part of her house, it was more than a little surprising to see how organized this place was. It's as if her other half - the one with rampant obsessive compulsive disorder - was in charge of the pantry filled with mimickers. Each box sat exactly the same distance from the edge of the shelf, and each was stacked on top of the other just so. They weren't always the same size and it appeared as if no two boxes were the same ... but there was a method to the organization that became clearer the longer I looked at it.

I reached up and pulled the top box off, from the shelf nearest me, brushing the dust from the top of it and studying the design on top. It had a racetrack carved into it. My heart skipped a beat when I realized that I'd seen that shape before. It was on a door that I'd used many times at the Light Fae compound, before the Dark Fae had come to live with us. I traced the track in the wood, wondering what was inside and if I even wanted to know the answer to that question.

"I'm opening a box, Maggie!" I shouted at the door.

I felt a scratching through the wood, on the palm of my hand, and I almost dropped the box.

"Holy shit!" I squeaked out into the room around me. I held the box up to eye-level, peering at the crack where the top and bottom met. "I know you're in here, mimicker," I said softly. "I don't even know what you are exactly, but I know Maggie keeps you locked up in here." The scratching came again, and this time I only gasped a little.

"You put those boxes back!" came Maggie's angry voice from the other side. "You will cause more trouble than you're prepared to manage if you let one of them out!"

"We'll just see about that!" I said back to her. I placed my finger on the small metal clasp that was hooked into the bottom half of the box. All I would have to do to open it would be to slide the clasp to the right a little, using the tiny bump on its front so it would swing to the right and up, pulling the pointed end attached to the top out of the small hook attached to the bottom.

"Jayne, I am not playing games with you now. Leave the boxes alone." She'd lost her cranky tone and now just sounded nervous.

"Are you still going to demand a piece of my friend's soul to help us?"

"Yes. But not for the reasons you think."

I got a truth vibe on that one, and as much as this new truth-telling thing was freaking me out, I really felt like I could trust it. "Fine! I'm coming out."

I was about to put the box back on the shelf when I heard a noise coming from inside it. A whimper? No, that wasn't it. And it wasn't a cry either. A noise I couldn't even really remember when I tried to identify it.

I pulled the box towards me once again, staring down at the symbol. I thought of the place that lay behind that door and wondered how anything bad could possibly be locked in a box with this picture on it.

Before I could talk myself out of it, I slid the clasp to the side, unlocking the box. I gripped the top of it with one hand and the bottom with the other, holding it out away from me and down at waist level, wishing I had a third hand to keep my weapon at the ready too. The light from the skinny lamp hanging on the wall shone on the dark wood of the box, illuminating everything with a gentle glow as I slowly lifted the top and revealed what was inside.

CHAPTER FORTY-ONE

A TINY FAE CREATURE STARED up at me, blinking its eyes in the light. My mouth opened and closed, my brain wanting to say something but a huge disconnect making it impossible.

"What the hell?" I was finally able to say, as my eyes drank in the sight before me. "What are you?"

"Jayne! Come out here!" came Maggie's voice.

"Shut up, I'll be out in a second!"

The creature ducked at the sound of my loud voice, holding its arms over its head protectively.

"Sorry. Didn't mean to yell in your face."

When it dropped its arms and looked up at me again, my breath caught in my throat. I swallowed a few times convulsively, trying to get my voice working again. Finally, one word made its way out.

"Gregale?"

The creature cocked its head to the side, and I nearly burst out in tears at the gesture. I'd seen Gregale do that a hundred times when he was considering something I'd said.

"Gregale what are you doing in this box?"

The creature didn't respond. He just stood there looking at me. I realized that he either couldn't talk or couldn't hear me. It's like the lights were on, but no one was home. He didn't try to escape or act angry or anything. He just stared at me.

I probably shouldn't have, but I took my hand off the top of the box and reached a finger in towards him. I had to see if he was real or just a figment of my imagination. A piece of my hoped he was just some sort of high-tech hologram or something. My finger got closer and closer to him, but he did nothing other than stare into my eyes. I touched his arm first, feeling the soft material of his miniature tunic, then the stiffness of his arm underneath. He gave absolutely no indication that he felt anything.

I pushed harder, and he stepped to the side to catch himself from being knocked over, but other than that, there was no sign he even knew I was touching him.

I pulled my finger back and put my hand on the top of the box again. "Gregale, I don't know what you're doing in this place, but I'm going to get you the hell out of here, okay?"

He looked up at me with those eyes of his and I had to battle the tears that threatened.

"Stop looking at me like that."

He didn't stop. He just stared and stared and stared.

I slowly closed the lid, watching him duck down and sit as the lid closed over his head. Sliding the lock into place, I wondered what to do. I looked around me at the hundreds or maybe even thousands of boxes on the shelves, knowing that there were probably other little tiny fae, some I probably knew personally, sitting inside them.

I had to grab the edge of the shelf to keep from passing out. My brain was spinning with the overload of information and lack of information. Is my grandmother a soul-stealer? What happens to these little creatures? Does she kill them? Eat them? Feed them to her rats? The options were limitless and each one unthinkable.

I wanted to take the little Gregale with me, but what would I do with him? Put him in my pocket? He'd get squished in less than a minute. If I put him in my backpack he'd get a concussion from being banged around. And he seemed so out of it, it's not like I could just let him out to run around. He'd get eaten by a wolf or a buggane within the hour.

I slid his little box back on the shelf, feeling the weight of a thousand pounds of guilt pressing down on my shoulders. "I'll come back for you, little Gregale, I promise." The only response was a slight scratching that I may have imagined.

I shuffled over to the door, trying to decide how I was going to make my entrance back into the kitchen of the psycho witch who held a thousand souls prisoner in her pantry. Should I go ballistic and tear the place down? Pretend I saw nothing and come back in the dead of night and offload her horrific payload? Confront her? No answer was coming to me, so I used my standard fallback. I like to call it my What-The-Fuck plan.

I asked the Ancient to release the lock on the door and pulled the handle inwards, the stench of the brew hitting me once again in the face. I quickly waved my hand in front of me to dissipate its strength a little. Through the gray haze of brew steam, I saw Spike in the same place I'd left him, his expression telling me that he was just as freaked out now as he had been when I left, maybe more.

Maggie was back at her table, squinting through the steam, looking at my hands. "Are you ready to go where you'd like to go?"

"Are you ready to drop the whole I want a piece of your soul game?"

"No."

I walked over to her table, standing just diagonal from her. "Why, Maggie? Why do you have all those little creatures in there? It's cruel." I wasn't crying and I wasn't yelling. I wanted to do both of those things, but even more, I wanted to know why. No matter how gross I thought Maggie was, and no matter how much of a pain in the ass she was, I never had her pegged as a mass murderer. Not really. So the fact that she'd torture thousands of little people was freaking me out. There had to be an explanation.

She crooked her finger at me, motioning for me to get closer. "Do you really want to know, child?" she asked in the most normal voice I'd ever heard pass her lips.

I nodded. "I really, really do. Because if you can't tell me something that makes sense, I'm afraid I'm going to have to put an end to your little cooking show here once and for all." I gestured to her pot and her shelves and finally to the pantry.

"You are bold for one so young."

"I'm your granddaughter. What did you expect?"

She smiled, revealing the nasty teeth I'd come to abhor. "Trees and apples, apples and trees, I do what I want, we do as we please."

I shook my head. "Please don't start making up some freaky-ass rhymes right now. You are seriously on my last nerve, Maggie ... and you're wearing it out."

"Fate has a way of putting things into perspective, keeping us grounded. It reminds us that while we might like to think we are in control, that belief is merely an illusion, created to keep us from losing our minds in the possibilities and the what ifs and the never ending choices. Fate keeps you sane. Fate keeps you present."

"Fate better get her ass in gear and send me and my friend to the Overworld."

"You do mean friends, don't you?"

"Friend? Friends?" She was arguing over grammar now, and she wasn't even correct. "Whatever! Just send us!"

"Do you agree to my terms?"

"No!" I yelled at the same time that Spike yelled, "Yes!"

I turned to him to scream at him, but it was too late. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Maggie lift the spoon out of her pot and fling a bunch of her cruddy brew onto my friends face. He screamed and grabbed his cheeks a moment before he started to fade from view.

"Spike!" I yelled, reaching out for him.

I must have missed Maggie going for a second dip with that damn spoon of hers, but she didn't miss me with it. A spattering of holy awful stink hit my arm and neck, instantly burning my skin and making my stomach turn over.

"Gah! Maggie, holy shit! I'm going to kill ..." I didn't get anything else out before the world around me faded away, and I felt like I was falling through the earth.

CHAPTER FORTY-TWO

SOMEONE TOOK MY HAND AND tightened his fingers around mine. I knew it was a guy because they were so much bigger and the palm was tougher. I explored the fingertips and felt callouses there. Spike. Guitar player. I smiled. The ground under my back was soft, and the smell of a meadow teeming with flowers filled my nose. I wanted to fall back to sleep and stay there forever.

Sleep? Am I sleeping? Why am I sleeping with Spike? I opened my eyes, trying to focus on the pink and purple sky above me. Puffy white clouds drifted by and giant birds zoomed in between their fluffy folds and soft edges.

What are those? Pterodactyls? Nothing was making sense in this place. I turned my head with great effort, trying to find the arm that belonged to the hand I was holding. Spike was there next to me, lying face down in the very green grass.

"Spike," I croaked, my voice very scratchy. My mouth felt like a parched piece of desert, and I needed a glass of water so bad I almost gagged. I could barely swallow with my sticky throat. I pulled weakly on his hand, trying to jiggle him awake. "Get up. We're here."

He lifted his head slowly. "Where?" he said, his voice also ragged.

"Overworld," I gestured with my head. "Look."

He rolled over in slow motion, letting my hand go so he could finish his revolution. He ended up right next to me, closer now, taking my hand in his once again. "Wow. That's cool."

"Yeah."

"Are those ... birds?"

"Angels, I think," I said, realizing the truth of it as I answered him. "Those are friggin angels up there."

I turned my head to see his lazy smile. His teeth made my heart soar, they were so awesome.

"I want to be an angel," he said, turning to look at me.

Both of us just laid there, smiling like idiots at each other for a little while.

The sound of some gusts of wind interrupted our quiet time, and I felt a small trembling of the earth beneath us, just before the sounds of footsteps filled my ears. A figure came into my peripheral view, and I turned my head to see who it was.

"You made it," he said simply.

I knew that voice. "Who is that?" I asked, too weak to lift my arm to block the sun from my eyes so I could see better.

A whoosh of air hit my face, and the sun was instantly blocked. Beau stood over me, one of his wings extended to shade me from the brilliant beams of light that were bursting out of everything.

"Oh, hey, Beau. Long time no see." I giggled then, my brain lost in a fog of happiness.

Another group of wind gusts and a percussion on the earth followed and a second figure stood over us.

"They're in the ether," she said.

I smiled. "Hey, Shayla! Wow, nice wings." Hers were sparkly. "Are you going out dancing or something?" I wondered why she wasn't wearing heels if that was the case. She definitely had the legs for them.

"Get them up. We need to get them in the game if they're going to have any chance of surviving this."

Beau leaned down and swept me up into his arms, as if I were no heavier than a feather. My stomach tickled with the velocity of the travel and then with the closeness of his chest and face. "You are probably the best looking guy I've ever seen in my entire life," I said, not even caring that he knew how I felt.

He frowned but said nothing.

"I'm serious, Beau. You should be a model. Except those wings might be a problem. But still, do they have GQ up here in the Overworld? You could be a centerfold. Do they have centerfolds in GQ? They should."

Shayla snorted. "Man, she's got it bad."

"The sensitive ones always suffer the most," he said.

My head lolled to the side, my neck suddenly losing its strength. I watched Spike being helped to his feet by Shayla. "Look at that sexy incubus," I said. "Do you know how much he loves me? A lot. A lot, lot. The demon told me all his innermost secrets."

Spike sighed. "I have a feeling I'm going to regret this trip."

"Don't worry. She'll be back to her caustic, smartass self in no time at all. We just need to get her out of the Elysian Fields so she can center herself."

Beau adjusted my head so I could look at him again as he trudged through the grasses and flowers. I watched his face from below, mesmerized by his bone structure. "Do you have a girlfriend?"

He didn't answer.

"Why aren't you talking to me? Do I smell? I'm sorry about that. Maggie splashed me with her skunk brew. I tried to avoid it, but she's like quick draw f**king mcgraw with that stupid spoon of hers. Did you know that's her anesthesia? A rap on the head with a wooden spoon. Talk about black-hearted. I don't care what she says. I don't believe we're really related. Do you think I could turn out like her?"

Beau still said nothing, and it was seriously bringing me down. "You know, you may think you can blow me off by ignoring me, but I have to warn you - that didn't work for Chase. He probably only said about ten words in two days before he had me hooked, and then he went and hooked himself too, so ... you know ... just keep ignoring me and see what happens." I giggled thinking about these two strong angels trying to be all badass and blowing me off. "Not gonna happen," I said. "I'll wear you down like water, drip, drip, dripping on a stone and putting a hole through it eventually."

"She has a particularly bad case of it," Beau said.

"Case of what?" I asked.

"She needs the release more than most," said Shayla.

"Who are you talking about, guys?" I asked.

"She's giving me a headache," said Spike, sounding grouchy. It was so not like him.

My neck started working again, so I lifted my head up. "Who, Spike? Do you want me to talk to her?"

"Jayne," said Beau.

I looked back at him. "What?"

"When were you born?"

"Huh?"

"When were you born?"

I laughed. "That's a silly question."

"Answer it."

I frowned. When was I born? I don't know. When was I born? A fog had settled over my brain, and the information I was trying to retrieve seemed just out of my reach.

"Where were you born? What town?"

The happiness I'd been floating around in began to dissipate. "I don't know. What town was I born in?" I wasn't even sure what he meant by born, but it seemed like I should. Memories were knocking around in my head, but I couldn't focus on any of them.

"Tell me your mother's name."

Mother. Mother? Who is my mother? I didn't have an answer for him, but the fact that I knew I should have an answer from him made me feel anxious. I struggled a little in his arms.

"That's enough, Beau. I think she's over it."

"She's not," he said.

The arms that had felt freeing now felt restrictive. I was imprisoned where I had earlier been set free. "Let me go," I said, getting more and more nervous by the second. "I want to get down."

"Just a little farther," he said.

"No!" I said firmly. "I want to get down now!" I jerked my body backwards hard, throwing my arm up at the same time and catching him in the jaw with my elbow.

He must not have been expecting it, because he dropped my legs, and as soon as my feet hit the ground, I was out of there. I twisted around hard and stomped on his foot, causing him to loosen his grip on my shoulders. I bent over double and backed up, releasing myself entirely from his grasp. Taking off running, I went blindly with only one goal in mind: to get as far away from that mean angel as I possibly could.

I had supersonic speed. My feet flew over the earth, eating up the ground at a pace I had never experienced before. The flowers were blurs of pinks and blues and colors I couldn't even explain because I'd never seen anything like them before. I wasn't even sure if they were colors or even maybe sounds, since they were visual but I heard them too. Beams of light criss-crossed the sky above me, leaving sparkling tails behind them that faded ever-so-slowly.

There were trees in the distance, huge ones. A city could have been built on top of them, they looked so vast and strong. I was just coming within range where I thought maybe I could jump up and reach the top of one, when strong arms wrapped themselves around my waist, gripping me tightly. My legs slowly left the meadow's grasses, as I became weightless, lifted up into the sky.

"Weeeee!" I yelled, giggling at the tickling sensations in my belly.

"Always looking for trouble, aren't you?" said the voice from behind me. It filled me with a sense of peace and love and rightness.

"Who are you?" I asked, part of me knowing and the other completely lost in the sensations he was creating in, around, and on me. My skin was covered in a warm glow. The sun was perfectly yellow, touching my face and making me want to take a nap in its rays. The smell of trees and wind mingled with the scent of a strong man's arms and neck. It brought to mind something that I remembered from my past.

"Who are you?" I asked again.

He said nothing as we flew over the treetops that I'd seen in the distance, over a series of hills and then up to the edge of a mountain. As we got higher, the temperature dropped, but I was protected in the arms of this being. A light surrounded us, and I knew it was coming from him. The light wasn't just illumination; it was simply love.

We circled a clearing in the trees, a dark empty space in the middle of an otherwise dense forest, spiraling down until our feet finally touched the earth. The strong arms that had encircled me dropped away, and I heard the sounds of footsteps moving back from me.

I wanted to turn and see who it was behind me, but now that I was in the circle of trees, my head felt heavy. The smells weren't nearly as pleasant as they had been before, and the temperature not quite as comfortable. I put my hands up to my arms, rubbing them a little to get the blood flowing better. Where in the hell am I? I looked around, realizing that I was without Spike. Why isn't Spike here? I knew the answer lay behind me, but I was afraid to face it, afraid of what I might find back there. For a little while, everything had been so friggin perfect.

"It's okay, Jayne. Just turn around."

I knew the voice then. And as scared and confused as I was, nothing could have stopped me from seeing him again.

I turned and faced the man of my dreams. The one who watched over me and loved me no matter how bad I screwed up.

"Chase."

"Yes."

"Where the f**k have you been all my life?" I smiled.

He smiled back briefly before going back to his Chase-face. "I've been right here all along."

I ran and threw myself into his arms, hugging him fiercely around the neck. "I'm not letting you go again. Ever."

He chuckled low in his throat. "That's not going to be very convenient."

"I don't care. Every time I let you go, you leave."

He sighed, rubbing my back. "We don't need to go over that again, right? Now's not the time to get upset about things that we cannot change."

I pulled away a little, still not completely detaching myself. "I'm tired of that story. Make up a new one." I buried my face in his neck again, breathing in deeply. "Man, did I miss your smell."

"I missed you, too. But we don't have a lot of time to reminisce. You have someone waiting for you."

"Who?" I asked, wondering if Ben was here and looking for me.

"Spike? Remember him?"

I instantly felt ashamed, unlocking my arms from Chase's neck and sliding to the ground. "Yeah. Of course I remember Spike. Don't say it like that."

Chase held both of my hands down between us. "He loves you, you know."

"Yeah, well, that's just dandy isn't it, since you went and friggin bound me to Ben." I shook my head. "You really left me in a shitty spot, Chase, doing that. One minute you're telling me you love me, then you're marrying me off to the demon lover, and now you're reminding me that the second nicest guy in the world is in love with me!" I yanked my hands out of his grasp. "Could you please just seriously tell me what the hell you want from me?"

"I'm sorry for all the confusion I've caused you."

"Confusion? Try heartache or heartbreak. Either of those words would be a hell of a lot more accurate."

"I know it seems like I'm sending you mixed signals, but you have to understand, I'm always doing what is best for you."

I put my hands on my hips. "Okay, Chase. So, let me get this straight. First, what was best for me was you pretending to be my friend and making me totally fall for you."

"I didn't make you fall for me. That wasn't part of the plan."

"Oh, okay, so I messed up the plan which was ...?" I threw up my hands, demanding an answer.

"The plan was to watch over you. That's it."

"Okay, so then we go the compound and you move in next door to me and tell me you're going to hang with me since Tony's gone. And that was part of the plan to ...?"

"Watch over you. Keep you safe."

I slapped my hands down at my sides. "If you're trying to tell me that me falling for you was all me and that you had nothing to do with it and you didn't feel anything for me in return, I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to come over there and pull your damn feathers out because that is total bullshit!"

The corner of Chase's mouth quirked up. "Did you just threaten to pluck my feathers?"

I tried to stay serious, but seeing him smile was totally melting my heart. I tried to overcome my lack of anger with shouting. "Yes! I did! I'm going to rip those stupid feathers out of your stupid back, one-by-one, if you don't tell me the damn truth for a change!"

"You aren't supposed to be aware of the plan, Jayne."

I took a threatening step towards him. "I. Don't. Give. A flying f**k. What the rules are. Tell me!"

"Ask me a question. If I can answer it, I will."

I sighed loudly, trying to decide if this could work. One question. That's all the chance he gets. "Fine. Are you telling me that everything between you and me was one-sided, all on me?"

"Yes and no."

I raised my hand above my head. "See this? It's a plucking machine and I'm not afraid to use it."

"Yes, it was what I was telling you, and no, it was not the truth."

My nostrils flared, but I lowered my hand. "Now we're getting somewhere. Why did you lie to me?"

"Because me falling for you was not part of the plan."

I raised an eyebrow. "You didn't follow the plan?"

"No. I did not."

"Why not?"

"I have no idea why. I find you very difficult to resist, I guess."

My body filled with the warmth of love that nothing he said or did could possibly change.

"So do you still feel the same way?"

"No."

My heart sank. I had been wrong. There was one thing he could say that would change the way I had just felt. Tears rushed to my eyes and my throat tried to close up. I pushed the pain down deep.

"Why?" I asked.

"Because I love you, Jayne."

I reached up and grabbed both sides of my hair and pulled until I screamed with the pain. "Aaaarrgh, Chase!! You twisted f**k! How can you tell me you don't love me because you love me?!" Sobs came out along with the tears, and then I was just taken over by the emotions running wild inside me. I ran at him and started beating his chest with my fists, trying to make him hurt like I was hurting.

He stood there and did nothing to defend himself. My fists rained down on him, raising red welts on his exposed chest. I slapped him hard across the face twice, and he did nothing but close his eyes. As a last resort I reached over and grabbed a handful of feathers and yanked for all I was worth.

One came loose in my hand, but when I saw the blood on it and more of the crimson drops coming from his wing to land on his arm, I stopped. All the anger drained out of my body, leaving an empty husk of pain behind.

I stepped away from Chase, looking down in horror at the bloodied, white feather in my hand.

"Oh, shit," I whispered. "I really did it. I ... I ... I plucked you like a goddamn chicken." I looked up at him, stricken. "I'm so sorry, Chase. I didn't mean it."

He dropped his head, but not before I saw a tear slide out of one eye.

I crumbled to the ground, dropping my face into my hands, bawling like a baby when I felt his soft feather stroke my cheek.

I don't know how long I sat there like that, but sometime later, I felt the ground near my leg move a little. I was exhausted from crying, but I couldn't face the man I'd just abused. I was supposed to love him, but I'd hurt him. I'd used my fists against him. I was lower than low. No wonder it had been so easy for me to transport myself to the Underworld. I belonged there.

"Get up, Jayne. I need to explain this to you."

I shook my head, unable to speak through the shame.

Strong hands gripped me under the arms and lifted me to my feet like I was a small child. "Stand or I'll carry you."

I stiffened my legs beneath me so I wouldn't force him to have to touch me again. I'd already abused him enough.

"Love is an emotion that humans and fae have only the most rudimentary understanding of. That's why it seems like it makes no sense to you when I say that I love you too much to love you. I want to try and make you see."

"Don't bother. I know a blow off when I hear it, although you get points for creativity. And I don't blame you one bit." I looked up, but not at his face. I couldn't see it ever again and not die of heartache. I looked at his ear instead. "I just hope you can forgive me for taking your feather."

"Put it in your bag. Keep it." He handed me my backpack.

I frowned, wondering where it had come from. I let it drop to the ground, lacking the strength to lift it or put it on my back. The feather drifted down to land on top of it.

"Jayne, listen to me." He lifted my chin and tried to force me to look at him, but I closed my eyes.

"Don't," I said, and he let me go.

"Love, the purest form of it, the kind we experience here in the Overworld, is so much ... bigger than the one practiced or felt in the Here and Now. Love there is restrained by perception and judgment and preconceived notions, all of which make it impossible for humans or fae to really know Love in its unadulterated form. But that's as it should be. It's too powerful for an earth-bound spirit to manage. If you could feel the love I have for you as Jayne the elemental, it would send you out of your realm to a place we might not ever find you in. Your fae body is a very restrictive shell. It was not designed to hold this kind of power within."

"Love is power." I said, letting the concept roll around in my brain.

"Love is ultimate power and at the same time, the complete absence of it. It is complete surrender to power."

"That makes about as much sense as me being the Mother of the fae."

"Exactly."

I sighed heavily. "Are you trying to make me murder you? Because I'm so, so close right now, Chase. Seriously. I'm at my wit's end."

He pulled me into a gentle hug. "Someday all of it will make sense to you, and I'll be standing right there. If you want to pluck me bare, then I will stand there and let you do it. Until that time, I just ask that you keep your mind and your heart open to love."

"I thought you said I wasn't capable of that as a fae or human."

"You are capable of love to a certain degree. And even just a bit of love is enough to alter the course of destiny."

"And fate?

"Yes. And fate. So long as you believe in that kind of love, that kind of love will be able to find you."

"I think Spike loves me like that," I said, feeling strange saying it to Chase, but then again, feeling like he was the one person who I could say it to and know I would get the right response.

"I know he does. Spike's a very wise soul. He doesn't give himself very freely, much as it might appear that way with him and his easy nature."

"So what should I do about it?"

"What is your heart telling you to do?"

"To be careful. With him, not myself."

"And what is your head telling you to do?"

"That I've always liked him, and he's a super cool guy."

"So what's stopping you from accepting what he has to offer?"

I pulled out of Chase's arms. "Do you seriously have to ask me that?"

"Yes." He dropped his arms to his sides. "Just say it."

"You. And Ben."

Chase nodded. "I screwed up."

I laughed once. Then I shook my head not sure I'd heard him right. "Say what now?"

"I screwed up. You know I did."

"But ... I mean ... is that even possible? For an angel to screw up?"

"One who's been recently fae for too long of a period of time? One who'd been ensnared by a charm so powerful he wasn't even aware of it until he entered the Elysian Fields again? Yes. It's possible."

I squeezed my eyes together, trying to put all the pieces in place in my mind. I held up my finger, drawing a map of all the players and the things I knew about them. Eventually I gave up, shaking my head and opening my eyes again. "Sorry. Total short bus over here. I have no idea what you're saying."

He laced his hands behind his back and stared up at the sky, looking so much like a child confessing his sins it would have been comical if it hadn't been my guardian angel telling me how he'd totally screwed up my life.

"I came to the Here and Now to watch over you. We had been banned from using the portals and were content to follow the faes' wishes. But when we learned that some demons had been getting through, and that certain humans had been targeted, we knew we had to do something. We defied the fae decision to keep us in the Overworld, and send a few emissaries out to keep an eye on things."

"Things as in me."

"And others. Once I was attached to you, it became clear that there was a plot to alter the course of many destinies, with respect to the way humans and fae live together. Scryings were carried out and certain alternative outcomes were created by those trying to force their wishes upon the world."

"Torrie the demon wanted to get out."

"Torrie is only one player in a group of them, and his motivations are probably purer than you want to accept, but that's not important. What is important is to know that Ben was involved in some of it, and while I was trapped in the limited body and mind of a fae, I was susceptible to spells and other manner of fae machinations."

"You got your ass spelled by someone other than a pixie. Don't tell me, let me guess ... Samantha."

Chase nodded once before continuing. "In the hours that I came back to my existence of a member of the Overworld, I came to the conclusion that your match with Ben was the only way out of the mess that was being created. I had no idea that this decision was being influenced by anything other than my love for you."

I felt sick. "You mean your love was tainted?"

"No. I mean that I was fed an idea and thought the idea was my own. But it was not."

I was ready to vomit. "And that idea was ..."

"That you and Ben belonged together."

I grabbed my stomach and turned around, heaving into the grass and leaves at my feet. Awesome. I was married to a mind f**ker. A guy who messed with angels to trick them into dumping me and forcing me into shotgun marriages. Could life possibly get any crappier for me right now? As my friend Tim would say, No, I think not.

Chase stepped towards me, but I waved him away, wanting nothing to do with his pity or help.

"I'm sorry, Jayne. If I could undo the hurt I caused, I would. But I cannot."

I wiped my mouth off with the back of my sleeve before standing, resting my hand on my tender stomach. "But Spirit blessed the union."

"A light show created by a very clever witch," he said, a disgusted tone entering his speech.

"But I felt it," I said, begging for an explanation.

"I am not the only one susceptible to trickery."

My mind was spinning with the implications. "So I'm not really bound to Ben?"

"No, you are not."

I laughed once, but it sounded more like a bark. My eyes searched the forest floor, seeing nothing. Then I turned and looked up into the face of the angel before me. "I'm not bound to Ben."

"No. You're not."

"I'm not bound to Ben," I said a little louder, not sure I even believed the words coming out of my own mouth.

"No, you're not."

"I'm not bound to Ben!" I shouted, a smile breaking out across my face.

Chase smiled. "No, Jayne. You are not bound to Ben," he said softly.

"Whoo hoo! I'm not bound to the biggest ass**le on this side of the Mississippi!!! Oh, happy day!!" I danced around the clearing, my heart feeling lighter than it had in a really, really long time.

"Jayne."

I ignored the angel to my right, concentrating on getting my Irish jig just right. "I'm not bound to Ben, yeah! I'm not bound to Ben, yeah! Ben can go suck a duck, yeah! I'm not bound to Ben, yeah!"

"Jayne," said Chase, a little louder.

"What?" I asked, still dancing.

"It's time for us to go."

My feet went from feeling like springs to feeling like lead. The dancing stopped abruptly. "Go where?"

"Back to Spike. Back to what you came here for."

"Oh. Yeah." I'd forgotten about my friend, the one guy who might actually really love me in a way that was totally possible to live with without murdering someone. "Can you bring me back?"

"Yes, I can. And Jayne?"

"Yeah?"

"I'm sorry."

"Sorry for what?"

"Sorry for marrying you to that ass**le."

I laughed so hard I nearly peed my pants.

When I finally got my breath back I stumbled over and patted my big guardian angel on the arm. "Thanks for that, Chase. I really, really needed to hear it."

"So what are you going to do?" he asked me, picking me up in his arms like a baby.

"Do? Well, first I'm going to apologize to Spike for being such a pain in the ass."

He jumped up into the air, his huge wings beating strongly and creating currents of air that swirled around us. "I approve."

"Good. And then I'm going to go find me a dragon guardian to watch over the portal to this place."

"Excellent."

"And then I'm going to go to the Underworld and do it there too."

"I'm not a fan of that part."

"Tough titties. You might be my guardian, but you're not the boss of me."

"Don't remind me," he said wryly.

"And when I'm done kicking ass and taking names in the Underworld, I'm going to track Ben down, dump his sorry butt, and try to figure out how to turn him and Samantha into toads."

"Good luck with that."

"Thanks.

"Just do me one favor."

"What's that?"

"Watch your back."

I smiled. "That's what I have friends for."

