Detroit, Michigan

The Detroit Metro airport was bustling. I held on to Shane's arm and let him drag me through the crowds, trying to ignore the doubts assailing my mind. It was one thing to talk about quitting my job, leaving my fiance, and going to Africa with a near-stranger. It was another thing altogether to actually do it.

All I had was my purse and a backpack carry-on. Shane said we'd be better off buying luggage for me later than trying to go back to John's house. I didn't argue. The last thing I wanted was a confrontation with my ex-fiance. I'd talked to my parents, and they were suitably horrified at the news that I'd quit my job and was flying across the world with a man I'd just met...into a war-zone.

If I was being honest, I was a little horrified too. All my life I'd been responsible and careful. I went to community college after high school and lived with my parents, and then eventually moved in with John after we'd been dating for two years. I got my RN from a university I could commute to from home. I never joined a sorority or lived alone, never went on drinking binges or had one-night stands. I never did anything unpredictable.

And then I met Shane. He had a way of unlocking my inhibitions, a way of making me want to try new things and live on the edge. Of course, I'd only known him for forty-eight hours. Two days, or rather, a day and a night and the following day.

I wasn't about to change my mind, but I was a little shaky.

Shane seemed to sense this. "It's okay to be nervous," he said, smiling down at me.

Standing six foot four and built like Adonis, with chiseled features and arresting gray-green eyes, Shane Sorrenson attracted the attention of every woman, and not a few men, in the airport. Being the girl on his arm, I found myself the subject of more lewd and searching gazes than I was used to. I tried to ignore the looks and keep my feet moving as Shane led me through the concourse and to the security line.

He took one glance at the winding, backed-up line and shook his head. "I don't have time for this."

Tugging on my hand, he led me to the front of the line where he leaned in and whispered something in a TSA guard's ear. The guard glanced in surprise at Shane, then nodded and waved us through, to the vocal aggravation of the rest of the line.

That was my first hint Shane might be more than I suspected. What kind of man could, at a word, get waved past security? Shane shot me a cocky grin and dragged me across the airport to the international departures wing. Instead of finding a gate, however, Shane led us to an unmarked, locked door. He withdrew a keycard from his wallet, scanned it, and led me through a narrow, bright-white hallway.

"Where are we going?" I asked.

Shane just winked. "You'll see."

Further questioning resulted in an irritated roll of his eyes, so I fell silent and tried to keep up with his wide-legged gait. The hallway twisted and turned until I couldn't have found my way back if I tried, but Shane seemed to know exactly where he was going.

At length, Shane led us to a door marked with a red "exit" sign, shoved the crash-bar open and pulled me outside into the cool night air. The airport rose behind us in a looming, endless bulk. We were in a part of the airport I hadn't even known existed, row after row of blocky hangars with wide-open doors, whining jet engines, flashing lights, baggage cars whizzing past in all directions, taxiing aircraft...it was chaos. Shane led me on foot across the tarmac to a hangar door and into an echoing space filled with a small, sleek, matte-black private passenger jet. It was the kind of aircraft rock-stars and actors and ultra-wealthy businessmen rode in, not lower-middle class ER nurses from Troy, Michigan.

A man in a rumpled business suit noticed our entrance and jogged to meet us. "The jet is fueled, stocked, and ready to go, Mr. Sorrenson. The flight plan has been logged and we're just waiting for you and your...guest...to board."

Mr. Sorrenson? I knew Shane was the CEO and co-founder of a company, but this man's deference surprised me. Shane seemed as irritated by it as I was surprised. He glanced at me out of the corner of his eyes, as if wondering if I'd noticed.

"I've told you, Bradley. Call me Shane. Mr. Sorrenson is my father."

"Certainly, sir-I mean, Shane," Bradley said. "Do you have any luggage, sir?"

Shane growled. "Quit calling me sir, goddamnit. And no, no luggage. Just the two bags."

I stifled a giggle.

"What's so damned funny?" He asked me.

"Nothing. Just you." I squeezed his arm.

"What about me?"

"Why don't you want him to call you Mr. Sorrenson? Or sir? He's just being respectful."

Shane rolled his eyes. "It's complicated. But he's not being respectful, he's being a suck up. I hate it."

He stomped up the steep, narrow steps into the interior of the jet, cutting off any other questions I might have directed at him. I followed him up and into the jet. Shane was already sitting in a deep, tan leather lounge chair with his cell phone to his ear. He gestured with a thumb at the chair next to his and turned away. He was all business, suddenly, and he had been ever since he got the phone call early yesterday morning. As soon as he got the call, he'd gone from being a sweet and attentive lover to a laser-focused businessman with little time or patience for anything but getting to the airport and onto our flight.

He'd gotten me a passport within hours, with a few phone calls, had arranged for my things to be picked up from John's house, boxed up and put into storage, and had whisked us away from his condo in a limousine.

Warning bells were going off in my head, especially now that I was sitting in the back of a private jet. The seats were upholstered in expensive leather, and the back of each headrest was embroidered with an elaborate 'S' monogram.

'S' for Sorrenson?

I sat in the chair Shane had indicated, staring wide-eyed at the extravagance around me. There was a fully stocked bar along one wall and an enormous flat-screen TV on another. Through one open door I could see a bathroom nicer than the one in my parent's house, and through another a bedroom nearly as large as the one in my apartment.

After five minutes of barking orders into his phone, Shane hung up and turned to me.

"Ever flown private before?" He asked.

I shook my head. "I've never flown before, period."

"You've never been on an airplane? Like, not even to Florida?"

"Shane, I've never left Michigan. I went to Ontario once, with John, but that's it."

He lifted an eyebrow, a gesture which I had already learned could express more than a thousand words. "Well," he said, "you're in for a treat then."

I tried to formulate my question carefully. "Shane...this jet...it's yours? Your company's I mean?"

He shrugged. "It's my family's. My dad has...a lot of money. It's just easier to fly private, I've found."

"Who is your dad?"

Shane pinched the bridge of his nose, as if resigned to parting with information he'd rather keep to himself. "Henry James Sorrenson."

Now that was a name I knew. His father was one of the wealthiest men in the country, a business mogul worth several billion dollars. His name wasn't in the news often, but John, being a banker, routinely read magazines and newspapers like The Wallstreet Journal and Forbes.

"So, you're-"

He cut me off, his words clipped and tense. "Just Shane. My father's business, my father's wealth has nothing to do with me."

"Shane, I-"

"Did you really not know who I was? Or were you just playing dumb?"

His ire was palpable. I wasn't sure, suddenly, what I'd gotten myself into. The sweet, caring, sensual man I'd met in the rain, riding a Harley, was gone.

"Why would I play dumb? How was I supposed to know who you were, or who your father is?"

"You'd be surprised. My family, my brothers...we tend to attract attention. Women know who we are, and they'll often do anything to get close to us, hoping-"

It was my turn to interrupt. "If you think I'm just some gold digger, then why'd you bring me here?"

"I didn't say I thought you were-"

"That's what you're implying," I said, irritated now. "And I don't appreciate it. I get that you may be wary about people knowing who you are, but that doesn't mean every woman who throws herself at you is after your money."

I stood up, regretting my impetuosity. "Call me a cab or something. I'm going home...or to my parents' house...just let me off the jet, please."

I went to the door of the jet, which was closed now.

Shane stood up and followed me. "We're already taxiing, Leo. If you really don't want to go, I'll still take you home. But...listen, I really didn't mean to say you were just after my family's money. Sit down, please."

His large, strong hands descended on my shoulders, a gentle, insistent pressure. I wanted to stay irritated, let it feed my fear so I could give in and go back to home.

Back to boring, predictable, familiarity...

He must have felt my resistance softening, because he turned me around and pressed me against the door, one finger tipping my chin up to look at him. His eyes burned into me, and that was all it took. One glance, one rake of his eyes down my face to the rest of my body.

Normally, sex was the very last thing on my mind when I was on my period, but something about Shane, something about the time we'd spent in his bed had unleashed a hunger in me. Even now, when my moods should be unpredictable at best, all I could think about was how good he'd made me feel, and how I wanted it again. His hands had touched me like he owned me, like he knew every secret of my body. He knew how to draw pleasure from me as if we'd been lovers for decades instead of days.

A rumble shuddered through the cabin, and Shane pulled me with him to the chairs. I let him sit me down and buckle me in, and then he held my hand as the rumbling increased to a roar and I became aware of a pressure on my chest, a fluttering in my stomach. The window next to Shane was open, showing a long black wing with lights blinking at the tip, and white lines flashing past in a long blur, and then the ground fell away and the pressure on my chest and stomach turned nearly unbearable as a sense of heaviness crept through me, crushing me into the seat. The jet shook and bounced, rattling so hard I worried something was going wrong, that the airplane would come apart around us.

I clamped down on Shane's hand, trembling, all my nerves and fears coming to the fore as I realized we were leaving the ground, leaving America, leaving all I knew.

"It's fine, we're just taking off," Shane murmured to me. "The shaking will stop in a minute."

I swiveled my head to look at him, and the calm in his gray-green eyes soothed me. After a few minutes, the ride evened out and the shaking did stop, as Shane had promised.

He unbuckled himself and then me, drawing me up by my hand. Gesturing at the bedroom, he said, "Why don't you go lay down and relax. I'll bring you a drink."

I raised an eyebrow at him. "Lay down and relax, hmmm?"

He rolled his eyes at me, pushed me toward the bedroom, swatting me on the behind as I went. "Yes, relax. There's time for that later, when you're not...inconvenienced."

"Inconvenienced?"

"Yeah, well...you know what I mean." He shrugged, looking embarrassed.

Men were so funny about periods.

I climbed up on the wide bed, which turned out to be softer than my own bed at home. I turned back the blanket, marveling at the sheets, which had probably cost more than everything in my entire wardrobe combined.

Or rather, what had been my wardrobe. Now, here on this plane, I had nothing but the clothes on my back, which Shane had bought for me. The only thing of my own was the bra and my purse. He'd even bought me new panties.

It was a disconcerting feeling, I realized. I owned nothing. I had my cell phone, but that too was in John's name, and it wouldn't work once we left U.S. airspace anyway. I was totally reliant on Shane, and we were going to a foreign country, to a war-zone...

What the hell had I agreed to?

Shane came in just then with tumblers of alcohol. I took the one he handed me, sniffed it, tasted it, and discovered a top-shelf gin and tonic.

"To new beginnings," he said, clinking my glass with his.

"To new beginnings." I took a long drink, grateful for the heady buzz that rushed through me almost immediately, starting in my belly.

Shane's eyes searched mine. "You're scared."

"Um, yeah," I said with a laugh. "Wouldn't you be? I'm leaving behind everything and everyone I know, with a man I've known for less than seventy-two hours. I don't own a single damned thing, except my bra. The clothes I'm wearing, the carry-on full of clothes and toiletries...it's all yours."

"Having second thoughts?" Shane sat down next to me on the bed, cross-legged.

"Second thoughts, like I'm regretting it? No, not really. It's an adventure, and I'm excited, but yeah, I'm scared. Especially since I know we're not exactly going on a vacation. We're going to a warzone."

Shane put his hand on my thigh and squeezed gently. "I'll keep you safe. You know that, right?"

I shrugged, trying to act nonchalant. "Sure. I mean, I wouldn't be here if I didn't trust you. Which is kind of the crazy part about all this. I do trust you, even though I barely know you. I shouldn't trust you. When you told me I was coming with you, I should have laughed in your face. I could have gone back to my parents' house. It would have been embarrassing and difficult, but they would've taken care of me until I could figure things out."

"I didn't tell you, Leo. I asked you," Shane said.

I rolled my eyes. "You told me. Sure, you gave me an option, but you knew it wasn't much of one. Crawl back to dickhead of an ex, or go with you. Not much to think about there."

"Why do you trust me?"

I thought long and hard before answering; it was a fair question, and one I wanted to answer for myself. "It's a lot of things. You took care of me when I was in trouble. You didn't take advantage of me. I mean...you did, but not until after I made it clear I wanted you to." I flushed at the memory. "Who am I kidding? I threw myself at you."

Shane gave me a wicked grin. "Not arguing there, sweetheart."

"Shut up. I'm sure I'm not the first woman to throw herself at you, and I know I won't be the last."

Shane's eyes darkened. "You may not be the first, I'm not gonna lie about that. Women have thrown themselves at me my whole life, but it's always been as much about my name and my dad's money as for me, if not more." He pulled me onto his lap and wrapped his arms around me. "As for being the last? After being with you, Leo, I'm not so sure anyone else could ever measure up." He took a drink, and set it aside on a bedside table.

I flushed even redder and burrowed into him. "You're just saying that."

"Am not."

I looked up at him, frowning. "You made me feel things I didn't know were possible." I took a sip and feathered my fingers through his hair. "But me? I don't know anything. I've never done anything, never been anywhere...I've only been with John. I'm no virgin but I might as well be, for all I know about any kind of sex...stuff, other than plain old missionary."

Shane laughed, amused but not mocking. "Leo...do you have any idea how you made me feel? Yeah, I've been with more people than you, but...it's not always about experience, or what you do or don't know. You want it. It's like you've never felt anything before, and you can't get enough. The way you react to everything I do...it drives me wild."

"All this talk about sex is making me horny," I said.

"Me too, but you're...you know."

I could feel him growing hard underneath me. I wanted to touch him, feel him. We may not be able to do exactly what I wanted, but there were other things. I set my tumbler aside next to his and rotated on his lap. I wrapped my legs around his waist, pressed my mouth to his and tasted the gin on his breath. I searched his mouth with my tongue, the icy breath of alcohol tingling my mouth. He tightened his grip on me, ran his palms up and down my back; his fingers traced the inch-wide gap between my shirt and jeans to touch my skin.

I moaned at the heat of his palms on my flesh, pressed my chest into his and ground my hips against him.

"What are you doing?" Shane whispered, trying to pull away. "You're teasing me."

I peeled my shirt off and unlatched my bra. "Teasing? Me? Never." I tossed the bra aside with a flourish.

Shane's eyes burned, and his hands slipped up my spine, tickled around my ribs and skated across my ni**les. He was rock-hard beneath me, pressing against his zipper.

"Tease." Shane pinched my ni**les between his fingers. "Making me want you when I can't have you."

"Can't have me?" I ran my tongue across my upper lip and scooted back off his lap. "You can have me, just not there. I'm sure you can figure something out, can't you?"

I pushed him onto his back and unbuttoned his pants, brushing his shirt up away from his torso. Shane drew the shirt off and set it aside, watching me. I unzipped him and tugged his jeans off, leaving him lying in only his underwear. His c**k was pressing against the strange double opening of his boxer-briefs. I straddled him, leaning over him and planting kisses along his torso, each nipple, his sides, down the crevasses of his stomach to the V of muscle. I removed his boxers, touching his legs and hips with my lips as I did so. His back arched when I wrapped my fingers around him. My hair was loose and hung down to tickle his belly as I bent to touch the tip of my tongue to the groove running beneath his engorged head.

My br**sts too hung down to slip and slide across his skin with every motion. I ran my tongue across his tip, licking the pearl of liquid oozing out of him; he moaned and rolled his hips. I grasped him at the root and spread my saliva across him, mixing it with his own leaking fluids, and then took him in my mouth, pressing my tongue against my lower teeth.

"What...what about you?" Shane gasped.

I looked up at him. "What about me?"

"You're doing this to me, but I can't-can't do the same to you..." he said. He was having trouble thinking, formulating sentences.

"Good thing we're not keeping score, then, huh?" I said, rubbing him with both hands. "Then you'd owe me, wouldn't you?"

He could only nod, then, as his hips began to buck and his back to arch. He was nearly there, I was about to take him into my mouth again when a thought struck me. He'd accused me of teasing him, so I decided to earn the accusation, a little.

I let go of him and gave him one final lick across his tip, and then blew cold air onto him. I moved up the length of his body, rubbing myself against him as I went, still wearing my pants. I kissed his shoulders when I reached them, then his chin, and then his mouth.

"Leo...god, you're making me crazy. I was about to-" he rocked his hips into mine, seeking release, "god, I was so close, please..."

I faked an innocent tone of voice. "Oh, you were? I shouldn't have stopped, then, huh? You want to me keep going, Shane?"

His eyes flew open and he glared at me. "Tease."

I smiled at him, giving a look that I hoped was wanton and lascivious. "Oh, I'm no tease. I'll take you there. Just...not yet."

I moved back down his body so his c**k rested between my br**sts, which gave me an idea. I took my tits in my hands and pressed them together around his hard, throbbing shaft and rocked myself down him so his tip squeezed out from between them. He groaned and said my name, spitting it in the same tone as he would a curse word. The tip speared upward and neared my face, so I tilted my chin down and took him into my mouth, sucked hard, and then withdrew once more.

"Do that again, please..." Shane's voice was ragged and his whole body was quivering beneath me.

I rocked my body up and down his, pushing him closer and closer to the edge, taking the leaking head of his c**k into my mouth every time he pushed up out of the crevice made by my cle**age.

"Oh, god, I'm so close, please don't stop..." he gasped.

But I did stop, and he nearly lost it, growling with need. I slipped down and rested my cheek on his hip bone, licking his length and cupping his balls in my hands. I licked him and kissed him, worked my mouth along his entire cock, but never taking him inside, never letting him thrust.

He was jerking his hips wildly now, a silent plea to let him release.

"Tell me what you want, Shane."

"You...I want you."

I laughed, took him in my fist and pumped, an achingly slow descent of my hand along his slippery length. "You have me. I'm right here," I said. "Tell me what you really want. Say it. I want to hear you say it."

Shane gasped as he neared release, and I let go once more, just as he began to buck his hips into me.

"Goddamn it, Leo. You know what I want."

"Yes, I do. But I want to hear you say it." I was getting a thrill from this game, from drawing his pleasure out into almost-pain, from establishing some kind of power over him...the word flitted into my head and stuck there: dominance.

I lowered my head to him, tickled him with my hair, rubbed the tip of his c**k against my br**sts, one at a time, stimulating my ni**les as I did so. I was getting wet myself doing this to him.

"You want me to beg?" Shane growled the last word.

"Uh huh." I dragged my tongue up his cock, took him into my mouth as deep as I could, and said it again, "mmm-hmmm."

The vibration of my voice against his sensitive member drove him wild, and he nearly came right then. He rocked his hips even harder then, and I spat him out and took him in my fists, pumping vigorously, getting him ready, nearly there. I felt him engorge even more as he neared orgasm, and I let him go just as he reached the edge, gasping.

"Fuck me, Leo," Shane groaned. "Want me to beg? I'll beg. Please, Leo. Let me come. Please."

"Was that so hard?" I said, moving my hands on him in a hand-over-hand motion.

"Yes. I don't beg. Not ever."

"Now you do."

"Only for you," Shane said. "Only you could...get away with that."

He was breathless now, bucking his hips into my hands. I felt him quiver, pulse, and then I locked my lips around him as he began to climax.

"Yes, yes, I'm there, I'm coming. Don't stop, please don't stop."

I didn't stop, this time. I felt his body clench and the veins in his c**k throbbed against my mouth as he came, hard, spurting salty heat. He didn't roar or bellow this time, like he had in his house. He gasped on an inbreath, and then clenched his teeth and growled, a low rumble. I pumped harder, sucked and bobbed to match his hips' rhythm. He kept coming, shooting again and again, and I didn't let him down from the peak, taking my mouth off him but continuing the motion of my hands on him until his rocking subsided to shudders and he began to soften in my hands.

When he was still and gasping and limp in my hands, I crawled up to lay against him and his arm wrapped around me. His body shook with aftershocks, trembling against me.

"God, that was...fucking intense," Shane said.

"You came so hard."

He looked down at me, a welter of emotions in his eyes. "No one has ever done that to me before, made me wait like that."

"Made you wait?" I nipped his chest with my teeth. "I made you beg."

Shane laughed. "Yeah, you did. You're pretty proud of that, aren't you?"

I shrugged. "Yeah, a little."

"Well, don't get used to it." He pushed me to my back and lowered his mouth to my breast, taking my nipple in his teeth. "And you'd better believe I'm gonna get you back."

Oh, wow, did he get me back. He toyed with my ni**les, getting them hard and aching, putting a heat in my belly. He slipped his leg between mine, and I clamped my legs around him, grinding against his rock-hard thigh. He took both full br**sts in his hands, kissed me hard enough to take my breath away, tweaking my ni**les and rubbing his leg into me.

Just his mouth on mine, his hands on me, his leg between mine was enough to make me rise, to swell the pressure in my lower muscles, but however we grinded together, however he touched my tits and kissed them and nipped them, I couldn't cross the edge, not without direct stimulation.

And then, with an evil grin, Shane moved away from me and laid back in the bed, retrieving his tumbler of gin from the side table where he'd set it when I first began to touch him.

"No!" I crawled toward him.

"I told you I'd get you back."

I draped myself on top of him, wet and aching and tingling. "I thought you meant later...like I did to you!" I rubbed myself on him, straddling him. "Please, not like this! We can't make love for days yet!"

Shane just chuckled. "It sure is gonna be an interesting trip, then, isn't it?"

* * *

We arrived in London's Heathrow airport, and I was a mess. I couldn't stop touching Shane, holding on to him, caressing him. I felt needy. Shane wasn't helping. He would touch me, toy with my br**sts, kiss me until I was heaving, get me hot and bothered, and then stop, and nothing I could do would get him to keep going. He'd just laugh and tell me I'd earned it.

He showed me London from the back of a rented limo, taking me to his favorite watering holes and dive bars, to dinners with friends and business associates. Those dinners were by far the scariest thing I'd ever done, trying to be elegant and sophisticated for Shane's European business contacts with their exotic accents and manicured fingers and inquisitive gazes.

Shane took me to a clothier and had me measured and fitted, half a dozen custom dresses made for me, each one of which cost more than what would have been a month's salary. Shane never blinked at the cost, never asked for prices. I could tell he'd grown up in this world, where cost wasn't just not an object, but wasn't ever even considered in decision-making. Every price-tag I saw had more zeros than anything I'd ever bought, and I kept expecting him to at least raise his eyebrow, but he never did. We spent three days in London, and I think it was for my benefit, more than anything. I could tell Shane was distracted, his mind already on the mission.

Before we left London, he took me to a doctor for a full physical, immunizations, a Depo birth control shot, Malaria and TB vaccines, and a long lecture on health precautions in third world countries.

We boarded the jet on the morning of our fourth day in England. I sat next to Shane in the deep leather bucket seat and squeezed his hand during take-off. It was still scary, but not as much as the first time.

In hopes of distracting him from his brooding mindset, I asked a question that had been floating around my brain for days. "Shane? When we met, you were riding a Harley in the rain. Where were you going?"

He quirked an eyebrow at the non sequitur question. "I restore classic motorcycles as a hobby. That Harley was a 1967 Shovelhead I'd rebuilt from the engine out. I'd just put the finishing touches on her, so I figured I'd take her for a quick spin." Shane shook his head. "Literally, I'd gone three blocks when it started pouring. I was so mad. I'm going to have to redo the leather of the seat, probably."

"Poor baby has to redo the leather," I teased, unbuckling as the flight leveled out.

"I wish you could have seen yourself," Shane said, his eyes twinkling with laughter even as they darkened with desire. "Your little blue dress was soaked to the skin. You might as well have been naked. You were barefoot and angry and bleeding. You ran right into me, and when you looked up at me you seemed like you'd never seen a man before."

My period had ended, and I was on the verge of clubbing Shane over the head with a bottle of liquor and dragging him to the bedroom. I think he knew it, and he was settling in to tease me some more. He hadn't unbuckled, remaining seated and still even as I sank down onto his lap and wiggled my bottom into his crotch.

He was ready for me, physically speaking, but his body language was all insouciance and studied indifference. I didn't buy it for a second.

"I hadn't ever seen a man before I saw you," I murmured in his ear, nibbling his earlobe.

"So then you might say I was your first man?" Shane's arms wrapped around my waist.

"Something like that. My first real man, how about that?"

I un-tucked his button-down shirt and focused on freeing each button, kissing his chest as I revealed more and more of it. His breathing turned into long gasps and his heart began to thump harder in his chest, so I knew he wasn't unaffected, even though he held himself absolutely still, his hands resting on my spine, his head tipped back.

I felt his erection growing larger and harder against his zipper, and I writhed my bottom into it. His hips started to shift against mine in a strange way, and I realized he was folded inside his pants in an uncomfortable position. I decided to use this against him.

I pushed his shirt down off his shoulders so it was draped at his elbows, and then left it there. He'd have to let go of me to take it off himself, or be hampered by the shirt's restriction on his arms. I ran my palms on his chest, took one of his small ni**les between my teeth and nipped hard enough to draw a grunt of protest from him.

All the while, I was grinding into him, arousing both of us; arousal only caused on of us pain, however, and Shane kept moving his crotch against mine in futile attempts to free himself.

I pulled back and gave him a look of innocence. "Something wrong, Mr. Sorrenson?"

Shane growled at my use of his last name, but refused to acknowledge the problem. "Nope. No problem, Ms. Larkin."

"You sure? Nothing needs...adjustment?"

"Nope. Everything's perfect."

I lifted up and ran a curled index finger just inside his waistband, enough to cause his belly to suck in out of reflex, then tugging enough to ease the pressure for a moment, but not enough to let his erection spring into a more natural position. I could feel it tipped sideways his pants, straining against the fabric, growing harder every second, larger with every brush of my backside against his groin.

I slipped off the chair, capturing his hands in mine and draping them on my shoulders as I touched my lips to his stomach and down his belly, kissing and tonguing his skin. I knelt between his knees and nudged his erection with my chin, inching it towards freedom.

"Sure?" I ran a finger along it. "You're not...uncomfortable, are you?"

"Nope." He narrowed his eyes and held himself still, refusing to move a muscle.

I dragged a fingernail across his cloth-bound cock, feeling it twitch under my touch, but still he refused to capitulate.

Time to play dirty.

I stood up in front of him and turned away, showing him my back. I was wearing a dress, the hem brushing my thighs above my knees with thigh-high stockings and strappy, low-heeled sandals. I bent over at the waist and unstrapped a sandal, letting the hem of the dress hike up to show him my ass, which was clad in only a thong. He hadn't seen me dress that morning, as he'd stepped out to take a call, so he didn't know what I was wearing underneath my dress. Or wasn't wearing, as the case may have been.

"God, Leo. What're you doing to me?" he growled.

"Doing? I'm not doing anything. I'm just taking off my shoes."

"You're...done, then?"

"Mmm-hmmm." I slipped off one sandal and tossed it at him, then bent once more to undo the other one.

He still hadn't moved, and I could see his manhood throbbing against his pants.

"You have got to be the stubbornest man alive," I said, tossing the other sandal on his lap.

"I don't think 'stubbornest' is a word."

"Shut up. It is if I say it is."

"No, it isn't. I'm the most stubborn man alive, I think you mean." He shifted his hips again, and I watched as his c**k shifted slightly, the pressure alleviated a bit. "And I don't know what you're talking about."

I laughed. "I don't know why you don't just give in. That can't be comfortable."

Shane raised an eyebrow, finally unbuckling his seatbelt. "I'm comfy as can be. I could take a nap."

Bastard. At this point, it was a test of wills and I was determined not to lose. I was aching for him to touch me, to take me, but I refused to show it.

"Take a nap, hmm?" I looked at him over my shoulder, smirking at his forced relaxation. "That's not a bad idea. But I couldn't possibly take a nap in all these clothes."

I heard a low rumble from Shane's chest, part approval, part irritation, as I lifted my hands to unzip my dress. I kept my head turned to the side so I could watch him as I inched the zipper down my back, brushed the sleeves off my arms and let the fabric fall in a pool around my feet.

I felt a thrill of victory when he finally let a groan escape from his lips; he pulled at his tented crotch and let his erection slide to vertical, but then gripped the arms of his chair with white-knuckled fingers once more.

I bent at the waist again, grabbing my ankles to present my ass full-on to Shane, a mere foot away. I was musky and wet with desire and excitement by this time, and I knew he had to smell it. I was bent over purely for his benefit, this time.

I wasn't a dancer, not by any stretch of the imagination, but I gave it my best, especially without music. I straightened slowly, twisted around to face him and stood still, letting him devour me with his eyes. His hard-on got harder, if possible, and his grip on the chair's arms tightened until I heard the wood creak under the power of his crushing fingers.

I ran my thumbs around the strings of my thong, pushing them down to give him a peek at my pu**y, then let go and traced my palms up my stomach to cup my br**sts. Undulating my hips at him, I tugged the cup of my bra down to show him a nipple, first one, then the other.

Shane's chest was heaving now, his gaze hooded and his eyes burning. He wanted me, and his control was slipping. His hips rolled, just once, and he pressed his head back into the chair, lip curled into a primal snarl.

I stroked myself through the fabric of my thong, the black triangle of lacy cotton growing damp. Shane rumbled in his chest again and curled his hands into fists.

"What's wrong, Shane?" I sashayed toward him to slip between his knees. "You seem...tense."

"I'm not tense," he growled.

I clawed at his shoulders, the hard muscles bunched and tight beneath my fingers. "Are you sure? You seem tense. I could help with that, you know."

I dug my fingers into his shoulders, kneading at the knots with all my strength. My br**sts were at eye level, my hips between his knees. His hands trembled on his thighs and his breathing grew even more ragged.

"You know you want to touch me," I breathed into his ear. "I'm wet for you. Juicy. You'd slip right in."

I'd never talked like this before, not so wantonly, with the sole purpose of seducing a man who trying to resist me. It felt good, powerful. I rubbed my br**sts against him, and he moaned, an almost-inaudible sound against the soft skin of my tits.

"You could pick me up," I said, taking his hands in mine. "You could pull this thong off me and be inside me within seconds. Or you could just...reach up and put a finger inside my pu**y. I would come for you, right here, standing up."

I put his hands on the swell of my hips and reached up to unclasp my bra, unhooking all but one eyelet. My full br**sts were all but hanging free in front him, and his hands slid up my back toward the last hook.

"Yes, Shane. Take it off. I want to feel your mouth on my tits."

He growled again, clawing his fingers down my back. I purred in the back of my throat at the sensation of his powerful fingers raking my skin, and I arched my back into him. He pressed his face into my cle**age and breathed in the scent of my skin.

Two fingers pinched the hook and eye together and released the bra, pulling the straps off my shoulders with the same two fingers, his rough stubble scratching my flesh, his mouth finally starting to kiss the mounds of my br**sts. I let the bra fall off into his lap, tilting my head back and moaning as he took my nipple into his mouth.

I stepped away from him, pulling out of his grip. He snarled possessively and reached for me. I danced out of the way and darted toward the bedroom, slowing as he lunged out of the chair. A victorious smile tilted my lips as he prowled closer to me. I took small backward steps away from him until my legs were pressed against the bed.

"Nowhere to run now, little lion," he said, digging his fingers into the muscle and flesh of my ass.

"Oh no," I said in a tiny voice, my eyes wide in mock-fear. "You caught me."

He slapped my ass cheek, a hard smack with the flat of his palm, causing me to gasp sharply and stumble into him. "Bad girl."

I turned in his arms and bent over the bed, presenting my ass to him, my heart hammering in my chest, anticipating the thrill of the slight pain. He smacked me again, and then smoothed the skin with a gentle caress before spanking me again on the other cheek.

His finger traced down my spine to my tailbone and through the crease, followed the string of the thong. I let my thighs spread open as he slid a finger between my legs and snagged the edge of my panties. He slipped a hand around my waist between me and the bed and took the hem of my panties in his hand, then withdrew his other hand and snaked it around my waist on the other side, gathering the fabric in that hand as well.

His erection was pressed against my backside, and I couldn't stop my hips from fluttering into it.

"Soon," he promised. "But first...these come off."

I expected him to draw my thong off, but instead he pulled his hands apart and began to exert his strength. I felt the fabric stretch and pull against me, felt his hands tremble with effort, and then the strings parted from the patch of lace with an audible ripping sound. He pulled the panties free and tossed them aside.

I twisted in his arms again and pushed him away, desperate to feel him inside me now, wild to feel his flesh against me, his heat on my skin and his hard muscles against my soft curves. I opened his pants and jerked them down, then pulled at his underwear, forcing myself to slow down, to tease both of us just a little bit more.

The waistband of his boxer-briefs slid down over his erection as I revealed it, inch by inch, until it sprang free, wet and glistening with dewy pre-come, veins throbbing, tip engorged. The underwear joined the pants on the floor, and then my own control was broken as I gathered his c**k in my hands and stroked him.

I bent to take him in my mouth, just to taste him, but he pulled me away.

"I won't last thirty seconds if you do that," he said. "You've got me all riled up."

He kissed me, then, the first hot, hard kiss he'd given me in days. It snatched my breath away and curled my bare toes into the carpet, sent butterflies through my belly to flutter between my thighs. I lifted a leg to his hip, curling my arms around his neck to deepen the kiss, drowning in the breathless heat of his mouth.

He put both hands under my bu**ocks and lifted me up. I hopped, pulling on his neck, and he caught me as I wrapped both legs around his hips, clamping down with the muscles in my legs and core. I felt his c**k hard and probing at the wet folds of my pu**y, and I curled my body into him as I sank down, impaling him into me.

"Oh god, you're so tight," he whispered, his lips moving against mine.

He lifted me up and then lowered my weight onto him, thrusting up with his hips at the same time. My nether lips stretched wide to accommodate him, each slow thrust spreading me wider, allowing him deeper. I bit his shoulder at the tingling burn of the stretching muscles, rolling my hips to slather his c**k with my dripping juices.

The days and days of teasing, the ache of unfilled desire, the strip-tease and longing anticipation and extended foreplay, all of it had turned this moment when I finally had Shane deep inside me into an ecstatic agony of pleasure. I couldn't breathe as he penetrated me, couldn't moan or gasp or speak his name as he plunged into me. All I could do was writhe in helpless satisfaction as he pushed into me.

We were laying down, suddenly, his weight pressing me into the mattress, my legs dangling off the edge, one of his feet planted on the floor and the other knee on the bed, his hands pulling on my hips to drive me onto him, pushing the rolling pressure of my rising orgasm into a series of small detonations. I was close already, within a dozen thrusts rising to the peak of climax...

I gasped in surprise when his weight was suddenly gone from me, his presence within me absent. He'd sensed how near I was and pulled out.

"God f**king damn it, Shane!" I lunged for him. "I was so close! Come back! You already got me back for teasing you."

Shane laughed and climbed onto the bed, lifting me towards the head. I scrambled backward and reached for him to pull him down to me, but he resisted.

"Oh, no. That was all just for fun." He leaned over me, kissed me, and the tip of his c**k nudged into my thigh, smearing sticky wetness along my inner thigh. I pushed my hips toward him, seeking him, wanting him to press back inside me.

"I'm gonna punish you for making me beg." He touched a finger to me as he spoke, slipped it inside and curled toward my G-spot. "I'm gonna make you pay, Leo. You'll beg me to let you finish."

I felt a rush of genuine fear, then. I was already feeling the ache, the burgeoning pressure on my loins from unfulfilled need, and now he was threatening to make it worse? Oh hell.

Thoughts were banished as he stroked the insides of my walls, then retreated to circle my stiff nub. I pushed into his fingers, rising, rising, so close, yes, so close...and then he stopped, traced a finger up my stomach and tweaked one nipple, then the other. He pinched, pulled, and caressed my br**sts, kissed them, licked them, increasing the pressure between my thighs but not letting me nearer climax.

I knew his game, then, and was determined to ride it out without pleading. He had begged; I wouldn't. I could wait him out.

He moved up and kissed my mouth, nipped my chin and my earlobe, and then pressed a long, slow series of nibbling kisses down to my belly. He kissed each hipbone, then licked the crease between my leg and pubic area, which I'd shaved smooth. He traced each labia with his tongue, then probed the entrance, soft, slow licks that had me stifling gasps and swallowing moans. He took my hips in his hands and pressed his mouth to my opening and circled my clit with the tip of his tongue. I began to hope he'd abandoned his game as I neared climax once more, the pressure mounting and building, his finger slipping in beneath his mouth to swipe my walls and slide against my G-spot, and then I was mere seconds away, one lick, one stroke, one well-placed flick of his tongue from exploding....

But he stopped.

I nearly cried out, then. He smirked at the desperate writhing of my hips, the way I clutched his back and clawed my fingernails ungently down his spine, hard enough to make marks, surely, if not draw blood.

"I'm so close, Leo," Shane said, kneeling above me. "I might let you come, if you help me out first."

I glared up at him, refusing to rise to his bait. The problem was, his massive manhood was right above me, begging to be touched, and I thought maybe I could trick him, get myself off just by making him come. It was worth a try, surely. I reached for him, got a hand around him and pulled him down. He let me touch him, let me take him in my mouth and suck, just a little, and then he pulled away.

It took effort. I could see the strain in the bulging of his muscles, the veins throbbing and the gritting of his teeth. He was close. It wouldn't take much, I didn't think, but he kept himself out of reach, then. He changed tactics, bringing us both away from the edge by kissing my body in non-sensual places. He kissed my arms, the crook of my elbow, my side, my shoulders, my neck, and even though the placement of the kisses weren't in erogenous zones, it still heightened my anticipation, still added to the ever-mounting pressure between my legs.

I had a stroke of genius, then, and acted on it before I could second guess myself.

"Please, Shane. Give it me." I didn't have to act much to sound convincing. "Let me come, please. I'm begging you."

"You can't trick me, woman."

I writhed in his arms, rubbed my body on his. I wasn't acting anymore, I was merely giving in to the torment and the temptation. "I'm not playing a trick, I promise. I need you. I can't take it any more. Please, don't make me wait."

I could sense his hesitation, the indecision. He covered it by stroking my entrance with the tip of his cock, holding himself in his hand and painting my thighs with his leaking essence.

"Please, please." I lunged for him with my legs, wrapped them around him. "I need you inside me. I'm dying, Shane, please let me have you inside me. I'll never tease you again, I swear."

I had him in a leg lock, and I reached down to grab his shaft, tickling his tip and slicking my thumb around the head. I pulled him toward me, curling my legs inward with all my strength. He resisted, hard, but the angle was wrong and I was winning. His tip neared me, touched the sliver of a gap between my lips, moved centimeter by centimeter inward.

I was gasping with need now, abandoned to my desire. "Please, Shane. Just a little farther. Yes, yes, like that." His resistance was waning, slipping. He wanted in, too.

I snaked my other arm around our legs and cupped his sack, felt the taut softness of his scrotal skin in my palm and massaged gently, touched a finger to the small strip of skin just behind his sack and pressed, a mere brush at first, then, as he began to let himself slide in, an increasing pressure, moving in circles.

"Oh, the hell with it," Shane growled.

He slid his hands under my ass and lifted me toward him. He sat up and settled me on his lap, and we groaned in tandem as he impaled himself into me. He buried himself to the hilt, grinding his base into me, thrusting his hips against mine and grunting with each motion.

Our foreheads bumped together, sweat commingling and breathing matched. I lifted up with my legs and sank down, clutched his body against mine, crushing my br**sts against him and crying his name, our climaxes rising together, our motions rhythmed to the same desperation.

I lifted up and plunged down, he thrust up, and we both groaned, gasped, clawing at each other, seeking to get closer, to bury ourselves in the other. The pressure inside me was at critical mass, an impending explosion boiling within me, a supernova on the brink of release.

Nothing could stop me now from reaching my peak, from scaling the heights of ecstasy with Shane. I curled down to kiss him, breathing into him, feeling the vibrations of his moaning against my teeth, feeling his mountainous muscle bunching and coiling beneath me, his powerful arms around me, holding me in place.

I was on the edge now, and couldn't work my muscles except to writhe my hips on his. I was held upright only by his arms. He lowered me slowly to my back, never ceasing his motion inside me, spreading his bulk on top of me, weighing me down but not crushing me.

His name was the only word I could summon, gasped in breathlessness as he powered into me, each thrust driving me higher, closer. I wrapped my leg around his back and my arms around his neck, holding tight to him, whimpering now as he increased his tempo.

And then it happened, between one gasp and the next. I shattered, came apart beneath him. At the furious clench of my muscles, the helpless shriek of my breath in his ear, he exploded as well, releasing his seed in a gush of heat, driving me further into the wilds of orgasmic detonation.

His climax seemed endless, a flood of thick liquid pouring into me, his breath fast panting grunts in my ear, his thrusting into me a frenetic thrum of motion, pushing my climax past the peak and into something else, past explosion and into a blind fury of spasming bliss. And still he came, still he dove his shaft into me, until all I could do was hold tight to him, muscles locked around him, and ride out the rapture.

At last he slowed and stopped, slumping beside me, both of our bodies shuddering and sweat-slick.

And then he ruined it.

"God, you won," he gasped. "You beat me, you crafty bitch."

Oh, that word. How I hated that word. I tensed and went still, forcing myself to remain motionless, rather than leaping across the room and screaming like I wanted to.

He felt me tense, felt the sudden, instant distance. "What? What's wrong?"

"Nothing." I tried to remind myself he wasn't John, wasn't my father; he couldn't know.

Shane had been laughing when he said it, clearly meant it as a compliment. I had won, too. I knew it, and the pride at the fact that I'd outmaneuvered Shane Sorrenson still shone proudly in my chest, but his casual use of that word had thrown me off.

"Leo, come on. I hate it when women do that. 'Nothing,' you say, but it couldn't be more obvious that there's something." He propped himself up on an elbow and tried to catch my gaze. "Hey, I can't fix it if you don't tell me what's wrong."

What a typical guy. It's always about fixing.

"Just don't use that word around me again, okay?" I forced the anger away, forced myself to recognize his innocence. He hadn't meant anything by it.

Shane brushed a wisp of hair away from my face, kissed my cheekbone. "Sure. I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything by it. I was just impressed. You got me to do what you wanted. Nobody ever beats me in a contest of wills. I always, always get my way."

I only half-faked a laugh. "Well, it looks like you've met your match, buddy."

He kissed the corner of my mouth, my chin, and my other cheekbone. "Looks like it." His eyes turned serious, then. "Why does it bother you?"

I sat up and tucked a pillow behind me. "Just...it's old news. I should let it go. I know you didn't mean anything by it. It really is fine."

"No, it's not." He touched two fingers to my cheek, turned my face to his. "Tell me, please."

His honest sincerity had me sighing, and the intense focus of his eyes on me had me relenting. "Ugh. Okay, then. It goes back to my dad. It's his thing. He says it all the time to my mom." I lowered my voice to mocking male tone. " 'Come on Marnie, don't be a bitch.' Just like that, all the time. He doesn't mean anything by it either, usually. It's just something he says when my mom is irritating him, or when they're joking around. But he says it all the time. He's said it to me, too, in the same tone. 'Come on, Leo, don't be a bitch.' My mom hates it, and so do I. She's always hated it, and she's called him on it at least once a week for the last twenty-five years.

"The reason it really bothers me, of course, has to do with John. He heard my dad say that to my mom once, and realized how much it bothered her, and me. So then, the next time he and I got into a fight, he said it to me, just like my dad used to, just to piss me off. 'Come on, Leo, don't be a bitch.' "

"What a dick."

"Yeah. That's the kind of thing he does. He doesn't yell when he's angry, he just makes these evil little digs, all calm as can be. He does it to piss you off, and then when you lose it, he acts like he's got the upper hand 'cause he hasn't even raised his voice."

"That kind of thing would drive me batshit," Shane said, twirling a lock of my hair around his finger.

"It did. Made me absolutely crazy. It's why I broke up with him so many times."

"Well, I'm sorry I said that. I didn't know-"

I darted at him, smashing my lips to his to silence him.

"I know," I said. "It's just a trigger, for me. So now you know.

"Now, shut up and tell me again how I beat you."

Shane chuckled and pulled me on top of him. Marvelous sex-beast of a man that he was, Shane was firming up again. I slid my pu**y against him, feeling him thicken and harden. As soon as he was hard enough to slip inside me, I guided him in, pulsing my hips onto him as he continued to fill out to his full size within me.

"You won," he said, his words muffled by a mouthful of my breast. "You beat me. You tricked me into giving you exactly what you wanted."

"Don't you forget it," I told him. "I'm very determined, when I want something."

"That's one of the many reasons why I love-um, spending time with you."

It was a quick slip, easily forgotten as our passions rose, and I let it pass by, but I didn't miss it. He watched me carefully as he passed over it, but I only closed my eyes and leaned back on him, stretching him away from his body, and rode him, my hands flat against his stomach where our bodies joined. His hands went around my hips and pulled me down onto him.

There was no ruses, this time, no teasing or foreplay, just a slow, gentle roll of our hips, a matched rocking of our bodies, a building of the tensions within us. Sweat beaded on our bodies and our breathing turned from long heaves into moaned gasps.

"God, yes," I whispered, falling onto him, pressing my face to his shoulder. "Yes, yes."

His thumbs dug into the crease of my hips, pushing me faster as he began to climax. "Don't...don't stop," Shane said. "God, I'm coming, I'm going to come so hard..."

I pressed my lips to his ear and breathed the words, "I love to feel you come...oh, god, I'm right there with you, I'm going to come with you."

I used his word, the one he'd hoped I hadn't notice him use.

His eyes shone like shards of mossy granite and he claimed my mouth with his as we imploded together, sensation and emotion twining and tangling through us as one entity, collapsing together, unsure where I began and he ended.

Neither of us spoke of his slip-up, but it hung in the air between us in the afterglow, thick and nearly-visible. As I drifted off to sleep, I wondered how deep the slip-up had gone, if he really had just meant what he said, that he loved spending time with me and he'd simply stumbled over the word itself. The other option, that it had been something deeper, scared me. I wasn't sure whether I wanted it to have been something deeper or to have been a merely casual use of the word.

* * *

Cairo, Egypt

The heat wasn't just a temperature difference, a matter of degrees. It was a living thing in and of itself. The heat was a monster that slunk through the alleyways and prowled the main streets, clung to windows and walls and ceilings, coiling between the stars and the moon even at night.

Shane claimed I'd get used to it, but we'd been in Cairo for nearly a week, gathering supplies, rendezvousing with the rest of his company, and I still had to struggle for breath as I stepped out of the super-cooled air of the hotel every morning. The difference between indoors and outdoors was shocking. Inside the hotel it was so cold as to make you shiver and your skin prickle: outside you couldn't move for the boiling heat, couldn't breathe for the dry pressure of the sun's rays on your skin.

Shane's brothers were just like Shane, massive men with hard, sculpted bodies, features as planed and angular and handsome as if they'd been carved from stone by an artist and brought to life. They couldn't have been more different in personality, however.

Where Shane was warm and genuine-with me, at least-and possessed of a razor-sharp intellect, his brothers were more physical men, their skills of the hand and eye and foot variety rather than cunning and calculation. They were cold-eyed and suave, slow-speaking and spare with the smiles.

They were openly surprised by my presence, and by Shane's clear display of possessiveness. We met in a little cafe where old men smoked in circles from long tubes around a thing like a metal, orange-glowing spider, which Shane called a hookah. His brothers were drinking tar-black coffee from tiny cups made all the tinier by their dinner plate-sized hands. They each stood when we arrived, my hand firmly grasped in Shane's.

The four brothers were all around the same height and all had dark hair and the same attractive features and builds, but the differences between them beyond that were vast. Rob, the oldest, was a bear of a man, nearly forty by my estimation, burly and thick and slow-moving, beady eyes and a mat of black, close-cropped hair, heavily scarred across his face as if peppered by shrapnel. Jon was the next oldest, maybe thirty-six. He was as tall as the others, around six-three or so, but he was lanky and wiry and toned, hard arms and lean muscles, sharp features, busy hands, shaved head and a body writhing with tattoos. Shane was the third oldest, and Luke was the youngest. Of them all, Luke was the most classically attractive. He had movie star looks, perfect hair, a straight, proportionate nose, a strong chin, gleaming, almost iridescent green eyes, a body that looked actually carved out of stone, even more so that Shane's-Luke was wearing a leather biker's vest, open over a bare torso.

We walked into the dark, smoky, cafe, an outdoor place that wasn't air conditioned, and his brothers all stood up. Shane may not have been the oldest, but for some reason, they all treated him as if he was the leader. They shook hands and thumped backs in the male we're-not-actually-hugging ritual. Shane put his hand on the small of my back, too low down to be merely a gesture of introduction, and introduced me as the newest member of the team.

They all made eyes at me. Luke, the movie star, even went so far as to lower his sunglasses and stare at me over the top of them in a move straight of Top Gun. Shane quirked an eyebrow and narrowed his eyes, an overtly threatening look. Luke raised his hands in an I-surrender gesture and replaced his sunglasses.

I was amused by all the male posturing, but kept my amusement to myself.

"Took you long enough to get here," Rob grumbled, his voice gravelly and rumbling like an avalanche.

Shane waved a hand in dismissal. "I had some business in London. I'm here now. So what's happening in Sudan?"

"Fighting, what else?" Jon said, with a laconic shrug of his shoulders. "It's focused in Khartoum, mainly. That's where we'll be, I assume. It's where the fighting's the heaviest, and we're most needed."

Rob glared at me over the top of his micro-cup of coffee, then at Shane. "So, Leona. You ever done work like this?" He waved vaguely eastward. "High pressure sort of stuff?"

Shane answered for me. "She's spent nearly ten years as an ER nurse. She'll be fine."

I rolled my eyes at Shane, irritated that he'd spoken for me. "I can speak for myself, you know. And yes, I have. I may not have been in combat, like you four, but I've know how to stay calm under pressure."

"I hope so," Rob said. "Cause I sure as hell don't have to time to rescue no newbs when the shit starts flying."

"She'll be fine," Shane said, his voice gruff and irritable.

Despite his claim that I'd be fine, he looked worried, which wasn't helping my nerves. I'd been playing it cool for Shane's brothers, but now that I was actually sitting in a foreign country, surrounded by millions of people whose language I didn't speak, whose religion I didn't understand, whose culture was completely alien to me, I felt how fully out of my depth I was.

Shane sensed my hidden fear and squeezed my hand underneath the table.

Not for the first time, and what would certainly not be the last, I thought, what had I gotten myself into?

We left for Khartoum the next day, so I would soon find out.

* * *

Khartoum, Sudan

I did my best to block out the sounds of gunfire and screams to focus on the bleeding young man in front of me. He was jabbering in panicked Arab, his chest fluttering in hyperventilating gasps. I held a sopping bandage to a bleeding hole in his side, pressing as hard as I could while Shane knelt next to me, popping the cap off of a syringe of morphine. His rubber gloves were painted crimson, his clothes were spattered and crusted, his gray-green eyes laser-focused, grim and hard.

He jabbed the syringe into the victim's leg, depressed the plunger and tossed the syringe to the side. Almost immediately, the young man's pained thrashing quieted, and Shane began packing the wound and taping gauze over it. Shane worked in an unhurried rhythm, each motion practiced and automatic.

I was barely holding on to my sanity. Shane was the only familiar thing in my world, anymore. He was my rock, the tenuous thread to which I clung when all the world around me was madness and chaos and war.

He hadn't spoken to me except to issue commands for nearly seventy-two hours, and we hadn't slept in more than eighty. For every single one of those hours we'd been stuffing wounds with gauze, suturing, injecting morphine ampoules, holding men as they died.

We finished patching the young man, left him where he lay for Shane's brothers to move to safety. Shane took my hand and pulled me on to the next victim, an older man with a long beard and three holes stitched down his stomach, seeping a copious amount of blood and other fluids. He stank horribly, and was screaming.

Shane glanced at me, his eyes resigned. He shook his head imperceptibly, and I knew this victim wouldn't survive. Shane plugged him with a vial of morphine, and then another, and the man went quiet, his eyes flashing gratitude at Shane. I heard words I now recognized, "Allah...Insha'allah..." and then he was quiet.

I'd seen men die before. I'd worked the ER for seven years, starting as a twenty year-old med student frightened of her own shadow, fresh out of Buttfuck Nowhere in Michigan's Upper Peninsula, and I worked at a huge hospital. I'd seen death. I'd attended patients as they gasped their last terrified death. Some of them had even been gunshot victims. But this...this was different. I'd seen this very man get shot right in front of my eyes. He'd been healthy and vigorous, kneeling in a doorway with an AK-47 blasting fire and noise, not ten feet from where we worked.

Then, in a spray of blood and wet thumps, he was down. This all happened while we were working on the young boy.

I choked, heaved a breath in, and collapsed in the dirt next to the dead old man. Nothing worked, suddenly. Sounds dimmed around me, my muscles froze, and my brain turned to sludge. I couldn't move, couldn't breathe. I just wanted to lay down, close my eyes, and not see blood. I saw, heard, and felt nothing.

Shane shook me. "You have to get up, sweetheart. You can't stop yet. We're not done." He tugged hard on my arm; something hot buzzed past my ear. "Move, Leo!"

The urgency in his voice, the very fact that he was yelling got me moving. We were wearing all black fatigues with giant red crosses on the backs, on the arms, on our chests, and on our backpacks, clearly marking us as medics. We were neutral, equal opportunity; we helped anyone who was hurt, regardless of political affiliation. They weren't supposed to aim at us, Shane had said, but that didn't stop strays from finding us.

He dragged me into a run. Everything was a blur, sand, buildings, blue sky, blazing sun, Shane next to me, his hand vise-tight around my bicep, something crack-crack-cracking above us and behind us and all around us. Shane was imperturbable, silent, huge and strong, running beside me, keeping me going. My rock.

Sound returned, emotion returned.

We reached an intersection and Shane jerked me to the side and into an empty, bombed-out building, full of rubble and broken furniture. He pressed me into a shadowed corner and shielded me with his body. We both wore body armor, so he was even bigger than normal. He had a pistol strapped to each thigh and a black bandana marked with a red cross covering his hair. His eyes burned into me.

"You're okay." His voice washed over me, a whispered counterpoint to the cacophony of gunfire and RPGs and screams outside. He was sweating, his chest heaving, and his hands were on my waist.

"I'm okay," I agreed, gazing up at him.

God, he was sexy. Shane was all warrior. I found myself turned on by his presence in front of me, his hard green-gray eyes lighting into me, his solid body a shield against the world, unafraid and unstoppable. I was turned on by the way he'd dragged me, shielded me, kept me going, calm all the while. There was also something running through me, a buzzing energy in my veins, a kind of fire that I couldn't slow or cool or control, a fire deep in my veins and burning in my belly. Shane's eyes fixed on mine, glittering in the shadows, pushed the fire down between my thighs, setting them to trembling.

It was absurd, but nothing sounded so good at the moment as to feel Shane's hands on me. This was the wrong place, the wrong time, but I couldn't force it away.

"Is it bad that I'm horny right now?" I asked, watching him through lowered eyelashes.

He smirked and pressed his hips to mine. "No. It's a normal reaction to adrenaline. I'm always horny after a battle."

"The battle is still happening," I said.

"True," Shane said, closing the distance between our lips. "But it's moving away."

"Shouldn't we be out there?"

He didn't answer my question, just pressed his lips to mine, a soft and moist heat passing between us, a slow passion rising from the tingling touch of our mouths. Noise and fear and exhaustion drifted away, replaced by Shane's body against mine and his lips against mine and his hands on me. I lost myself in the kiss, vaguely aware of the hammering of my heart and the thudding of shells outside, the complete impracticality and utter improbability of the moment threading its way through my brain.

We broke apart, and his eyes were crazed with need, his fingers digging into my waist. I felt his heart hammering in his chest. I knew it was crazy, totally ridiculous, but I wanted to jump up and wrap my legs around his waist, rip our pants down and get him inside me.

He saw it in my eyes, I saw it in his. We moved at the same time, caught up in the frenzy of adrenalinized ardor. His hands and mine moved in synch, unbuttoning the other's pants and shoving them down past our hips.

Shane lifted me up and I wrapped my legs around him. He drove himself into me into a quick, hard plunge. I buried my mouth into his neck, biting at his jugular to stifle my scream. His hands were under my ass, holding me up effortlessly, lifting me up and dropping me down onto his slick, hard shaft in a frantic rhythm: lift-plunge, lift-plunge, lift-plunge.

I was there, right at the edge from the very first stroke of his c**k inside me. The danger of the moment, the realization that anyone could walk in at any moment, and not just see us, but potentially harm us, even kill us...it made it that much hotter, that much more erotic simply from the forbidden insanity of the moment.

Shane twisted in place and pressed my back against the wall, and now we were facing so he could watch the entrance with one eye. I shoved against the rough grit of the wall with my spine to drive my hips down on him, and he was rising up on his toes to ram into me, slamming with not-quite-painful force using the strength of his legs and core.

Our lips met again, and now the explosions were taking place inside me as well as beyond the wall, thunderous detonations rocking my body, causing me clamp around him, arms and legs locking on his body with crazed, impassioned strength as my climax hit me. I screamed into his mouth, and now he was beginning to come, slowing his strokes as he unloaded into me, grunting against my lips, the sweat our foreheads mingling, our cries merging, our orgasms blending.

I was draped over his shoulders, my face next to his, and out of the corner of my eye I saw a flash movement near the doorway, a glint of skin. I reached down without thinking and drew one of Shane's pistols, pointing it at the doorway. I wasn't sure what came over me, what caused me to do it, but there it was, a pistol in my hand, pointing at another human being. Shane tensed, drew one arm out from beneath my bu**ocks. I clenched my legs harder around him to support my weight on my own. He too then had a gun in his hand, and I couldn't see what we were really even aiming at except the doorway, but I kept it trained there until Shane lowered his and holstered it.

He lifted me off him and set me down. We adjusted our clothing and I gave Shane his gun back, still unable to believe what we'd just done.

"That was..." I started.

"Crazy," Shane finished.

"Yeah." I felt daring, and not a little juicy. "Crazy, but fun."

Shane dug in his bag and brought out wad of gauze. "Here," he handed it to me and turned his back. "Thought you might want to clean up a little."

I took the gauze and cleaned up, grateful and touched by his thoughtfulness.

Shane watched me as I cleaned up, a smirk on his face. "Have you ever shot a gun before?"

I buttoned up and tucked in and adjusted. "Nope."

"Would you have been able to pull the trigger?"

I tossed the used gauze on a pile of rubble and stood up, facing him. I shrugged. "I don't know. Is there any way to know how you'd react until it happens?"

Shane shook his head. "No, there's really not. I was just impressed that you drew." He ducked his head, seeming almost embarrassed. "It was my brothers, by the way. At the door. They saw us."

I laughed, not exactly amused, nor surprised. "They're still out there, aren't they?"

"Yep, probably."

I raised my voice to carry out the door. "You might as well come in. We're done now." I glanced at Shane. "You weren't exactly subtle about the status of our relationship, by the way. With your brothers, I mean. You might as well have stuck a sign on my forehead that read 'mine'."

Shane shrugged, not looking up as his three brothers trooped into the room. "I know my brothers. If I hadn't staked my claim on you, they'd've made a move. Then I'd have to kill them. Which would suck for business."

Luke flopped down against the wall next to Shane. "You sound like Dad. It's always all about business."

Shane didn't look up still, scraping in the dirt at his feet with his finger. "It was a joke, jackass."

"So was mine, jackass."

Rob squatted near the entrance, stripping off a pair of reddened rubber gloves. "Shut up, you two. You're both jackasses."

Jon came in last and dropped a pack near the center of the room, laid down and used the bag as a pillow. "I think we've hit the wall. We're long past the point where we're going to be effective. We need to rest."

None of them had even looked at me, not even Shane. I realized this was their way of dealing with having walked in on Shane and I. Not wanting it to hang in the air between us for the rest of the time I spent with them, I decided to take the bull by the horns.

"You're all jackasses. I'll say it, since all of you are being babies about it: yes, Shane and I were having sex. Right there where you're sitting, actually, Luke."

Luke made a face and scooted over nearer his brother.

Shane laughed silently, his shoulders shaking. "Way to be, Leo. I think you just scarred Luke forever."

Luke squirmed, stood up and crossed to the other side of the room. "I didn't need to see that, didn't need to know that." He grinned at me, though.

"None of my business," Rob said, still not looking at me. "You're both consenting adults. Shane can screw who he wants."

"My only issue is the middle of a civil war might not be the best place for it," Jon said. "But then, it ain't me doing it. Sexual arousal is a natural reaction, though. The body needs a way to purge the hormones released during the stress and adrenaline of a battle."

"That's what Shane told me," I said. "We were just testing his theory."

The Sorrenson brothers were all suppressing chuckles, trying to maintain their composure by not looking at anyone or anything. For some reason, this irritated me. Something told me if I wanted the respect of these men, I'd have to earn it.

"So, Shane," I said, as casually as I could, "are you feeling purged? Or should we ask your brothers to step out for a few minutes?"

Shane choked on his laughter, glancing at me in surprise, then at his brothers, who were all red-faced and shaking.

"I think I could go for another purging," Shane said.

"I ain't moving," Jon said, not opening his eyes. "But feel free. I won't interrupt."

Luke was the first to laugh openly, and soon all of them were laughing, even taciturn and practical Jon.

"You're all right, Leo," Luke said. "I can see why Shane brought you. You did good today, too. Not bad for a newb."

"Told you she'd be fine," Shane said, standing up. "I've gotta take a leak."

Jon stood up. "I'll watch your six, then. Shouldn't go anywhere alone."

The two men left and I was alone with Rob and Luke. Rob was a huge, silent presence in a far corner, digging at the dirt with the tip of a huge, serrated combat knife. Luke just sat, looking at me, as if he couldn't figure me out.

"What?" I asked.

Luke shrugged. "You're not like the other women Shane's dated."

"I wouldn't know." This was getting into tricky territory for me. I barely knew Shane, and it was moments like this that I felt it the most poignantly.

"It's a compliment," Luke said. "Most of them are...uh, well, not like you."

I laughed. "Very helpful."

"You're smart, and capable," Rob said. "And you're not a skittish little bird."

"Thanks, I think."

"How'd you end up here?" Luke asked. "Shane doesn't bring people with him. He doesn't hire people. This is a family thing, and it's usually just us four."

I shrugged. "It was kind of a last minute thing. I haven't known Shane very long."

The brothers exchanged a look that I couldn't interpret. Something was telling me my presence was a serious conundrum they simply couldn't figure out.

"Quit interrogating her," Shane growled as he came back in, Jon in tow. "I knew she'd be fine, and she was. That's it."

Luke raised his hands in a gesture of capitulation. "Hey, I was just curious." He grinned at Shane, a greedy expression on his face. "You owe me five thousand dollars, you know."

Shane's face went hard, his expression shuttered and angry. "Not now, Luke."

"You lost the bet. I expect you to pay up as soon as we get back States-side."

"I said not now, goddamn it."

Something told me this had something to do with me. "Shane? What's he talking about?"

Shane sighed and thumped his head back against the wall. "Thanks a bunch, jackass," he said to Luke. To me, he said, "Things are quiet outside. Let's go talk."

"Tell me now. They obviously know what you're talking about." I crossed the room to stand in front of him.

He took my hands in his, and his eyes shifted to mine and away. "Fine. I'll kill Luke later. Listen, you know how I told you, when we first met, that I'd given up women for a year?"

"Sex, you mean. You gave up sex for a year."

"Yeah. Well, that was because of a bet with Luke. He bet me five grand that I couldn't go without sex for two years." He shrugged. "Since you and I slept together, I lost the bet."

I rolled my eyes. "You told me it was because you were tired of meaningless sex. It was over a bet? That's stupid. Why would you take it? Two years is like...forever. God." I shuddered.

Luke laughed. "That's what I thought, too. Shane's always been a cocky son of a bitch, so I figured I had it in the bag. Turns out I was right."

"But...five thousand dollars? For real?" I couldn't fathom spending that kind of money on something so trivial as a bet. "Do you know how much money that is? You know that could pay off, like, a quarter of my school bill? Or half my car payment?"

Luke waved a hand. "Five grand? It's pigeon shit. That's like pennies to Shane. He makes more than that while he's taking a shit."

"What are you talking about?" Shane's condo had been nice, but not that nice. If he could spend five grand on a bet and his brother considered it 'pennies'...

Shane crossed the room in one bound and had his brother by the throat. "Shut. Up."

Luke didn't struggle. "Okay, fine. Let go, jackass. I said okay. "

Shane dropped him and stormed out, not so much as looking at me. I turned to Luke, who was smoothing his shirt, looking startled and not a little confused.

"What was that about, Luke?" I asked.

Rob answered. "Shane's a private guy. If there's things he hasn't told you about himself, he's got a reason." He glared at his youngest brother. "Luke should learn when to shut the f**k up."

Rob stuck the knife he'd been playing with through the entire exchange back in its sheath on his waist.

"Shane's the best of us," Rob said, finally looking at me. "He really is. I like you, Leo. So I'll tell you something for free: you being here, with us, doing this? It's a damned big deal to Shane, even if he made it seem like it's not. It means something."

"Talk about knowing when to shut the f**k up," Luke muttered.

Rob cocked an eyebrow at Luke, an expressive gesture that seemed to be a familial trait. "You say something? I'll break you in half, pretty-boy."

Jon had been silent this entire time, but he spoke up now. "Quit squabbling. Somebody has to go talk to him, you know."

No one looked excited at the prospect. Rob nudged Luke in the shoulder with his elbow.

"Me? He's pissed off at me. If I go I'll just make it worse," Luke said.

I sighed. "You're all pussies. I'll go, then."

The men looked shocked, but didn't stop me as I left the building to find Shane. He was across the street and a few doors down, squatting in the shadows and playing with a clip of bullets. I stood beside him and waited.

"My brother has a big mouth," he said, finally.

"They're good guys. I like them." I moved so I was brushing his shoulder with my thigh. His presence took the edge of my nerves. Being out in the open like this, even at night, worried me. The last few nights had seen nearly as much fighting as the day time, although it was quiet at the moment.

"Both sides have to regroup," Shane said, guessing at the source of my unease. "It'll be quiet for a day or two. We'll move out at first light and get some real rest tomorrow."

I put my back to the closed wooden door and slid down it to sit beside him. His arm went around me, gathered me to his chest. He slid me on his lap as he sat down himself. The silence was oppressive, especially after the endless noise of the last few days.

"What was Luke talking about, Shane?"

"Does it matter? He's a loud mouth. He doesn't know when to keep things to himself."

"If it makes you this upset, then obviously it does matter," I said.

Shane sighed. "I own a couple of medical patents. I invented a few things while I was in the Corps, and it turns out the private medical corporations are willing to pay a fortune for them. I made a business out of it. I set it up to run itself, since I don't really want to bother with it."

"So that jet..."

"That really was my dad's, not mine." He sighed, his breath huffing into my hair. "It's not a big deal. It's just money."

I thought about it. There obviously was more to it, and I suspected there was a lot more to Shane than I'd suspected, but I couldn't very well expect him to just tell me every last thing about himself all at once, could I?

"As long as you're not, like, some secret serial killer or something." I turned my head up to press my lips to his. "I'm here with you. I feel like I can trust you. Your brothers obviously look up to you. Anything else is just details."

Shane shook his head. "You're crazy, you know that? I can't believe you actually came with me. You've got real balls." He thumbed my hair out of my face. "I've known lots of men who couldn't handle what you went through these last few days. I'm proud of you."

I should've been pissed off that he was proud of me, like I was a kid learning a trick or something, but it didn't come across as condescending. And I was proud of myself. It had been hellish, but I was still here, still sane. I'd have nightmares for awhile, I suspected, but I could deal with that.

* * *

We spent a two days in a little hovel in a village several miles from the city, eating food made by a wizened old black man and his wife, sleeping in scratchy blankets on the floor. After nearly four days of constant hell, it was heaven. On the morning of the third day, Shane woke me early, set me on the back of a donkey loaded with baskets. He walked next to me and clucked the donkey into motion. I decided to go along with it and not ask any questions; surprises could be fun. Besides, if it meant getting away from Shane's brothers and getting some alone time, I was all for it.

We plodded through the heat of the morning, chatting idly, or just traveling in companionable silence. We came to a river near midday and this is where Shane stopped us, unloading a blanket, baskets of food made by our hosts in the village, and a dusty bottle of wine.

"A picnic?" I said. "An actual picnic?"

Shane looked at me like I'd sprouted wings. "What? You've never been on a picnic before?"

I shook my head. "No. Not really. John and I went canoeing once, on the Rifle River. We stopped at a bank and had some cheese and sausage and hot, brackish water. It was awful."

Shane laughed. "Well, then, welcome to your first real picnic."

We found a spot underneath some low-hanging trees, where the heat was less intense. The food was a simple fare, some cured meat that I suspected was goat, as well as goat cheese, vegetables and locally-grown fruit. The wine was dry and warm and potent. It was the best thing I'd ever tasted, right then.

We were in the middle of nowhere, in a way that simply isn't possible in America. The river was wide and fast and deep, rushing noisily. Birds hawed overhead, and across the river was a jungle, rustling with life. The sky was wide and blue and endless. Shane and I might have been the only two people in the world.

When we finished eating, Shane loaded the leftovers back in the baskets and laid down next to me. His eyes fixed on mine, his hand drifted to rest on my stomach; it was a subtle gesture, but enough.

I felt my own need curling in my belly, a desire welling up with me to feel Shane's hand brush my naked skin.

I stood up on the blanket and unbuttoned my shirt, pulled it over my head, and then unbuckled my web belt so I could undo the pants. Fatigues weren't the sexiest clothes I'd ever worn, and there simply wasn't any way to take them off in a seductive manner. Shane's eyes gave away his lust for me, even as he held himself still, watching me disrobe.

Despite our isolated location, there was something exciting and nerve-wracking about taking my clothes off in the middle of the day, outside. When I stood above Shane in panties and a sports bra, I stopped.

"Your turn," I said.

Shane grinned and stood up, peeling off his shirt and pants in record time, and then we were both clutching each other, clad in underwear by the riverbank. His arms were hard and comforting around me, his erection bulging between us. I reached beneath his boxers and touched him, took his c**k in my hand and sighed at the feel of him.

He peeled my bra off, kissing my shoulders and then my chest, and then the taut skin next to my erect ni**les. He knelt down in front of me and pulled my panties down with two fingers at each hip, touching his mouth to my hips when they were bare. He pushed himself between my legs so I was standing with my feet shoulder-width apart, my hands on his shoulders.

He caressed the globes of my ass with his hands, then whisked his fingers around my hips to spread my thighs apart and covered my damp lower lips with his mouth. I gasped and my knees shook as he dipped his tongue into me, circling my hard, sensitive nub and then flicking it with the tip of his nimble, tireless tongue. He continued to lick my clit as he slipped a finger into me, one at first, grazing my entrance and gliding inside, curling around to touch my walls, then a second.

He probed and licked me until the trembling in my knees grew too much to bear, and then he caught me in his arms and lowered me to the ground. I tangled my fingers in his hair as he put his face back to me and drove me to the edge of orgasm.

I gasped when his finger, moistened with my juices, slipped out of my pu**y and searched the stretch of skin behind it until he found my other opening, tight and hard. He brushed it at first, just a teasing touch, slicking it with my own moisture, and then he began to put subtle pressure on it, wiggling his finger until the opening stretched wider, little by little. I moaned at the sensation, feeling the orgasm bending and burgeoning in me. I planted my knees and lifted my hips, giving him better access.

"Do you want me, there?" I said, breathless. "Do you want to take me in the ass?"

Shane looked up at me, still working his finger deeper inside me, centimeter by centimeter. "Yes, but not yet. Not here, not now." He lifted an inquisitive eyebrow. "Do you want me to? Does this feel good?"

I could barely speak past the rising pressure inside me, but I managed to answer. "I like...I like what you're doing. But...I'm not...I'm not sure I could take you. You're so big..."

Shane chuckled as he put his mouth back to my pu**y and licked again, slow upward swipes. "You could take me. Eventually. I'd be gentle, and careful."

"I know you would..." I gasped.

Just before the pressure ballooned open inside me, I took his face in my hands and pulled him up to me.

"I want you inside me," I told him. "I need you closer to me."

He lowered himself onto me, supporting himself on his forearms, kissing me. I found his c**k with questing fingers and guided him in, savoring the tender slip and slide of his throbbing shaft. He breathed my name as he began a rhythm, pushing into me as slowly as he could. He was trembling with need, his body shaking above me as he controlled his strokes to be barest pressure inside me, infinitesimal nudges further into me and back out.

I held myself still as long as I could, watching him through heavy-lidded eyes. The pressure inside me was building again, having tapered off when I pulled him up to me, but now it rebuilt its momentum; Shane's strokes into me quickened as my breath came in ever more ragged gasps, and then my legs floated up of their own accord to wrap around his flexing bu**ocks and pull him closer, draw him into me, encouraging him to move deeper. He hadn't gone all the way in, yet, keeping himself shallow and slow.

"Harder now, Shane, please," I whispered to him, unable to summon the breath for louder speech.

"Oh, god, yes," he said, plunging deeper with each syllable, drawing the first vocalized moan from me.

He rolled with me, pulling me on top of him, circling his arms around me. I tried to sit up and lean back, but he thrust deeper every time I moved, going deeper and deeper, and I couldn't keep myself upright. All I could do was collapse my weight onto his chest and roll my hips with his, crush my core against him.

His bulk beneath me, his arms around me, his voice in my ear, speaking my name with something like reverence...I found the weight of fear retreating at his presence, the hard core of built-up terror softening.

I'd cried at the intensity of our lovemaking before, but this time it was different. My climax was a slow build, my tumble over the edge into wild abandon an inevitable fall into familiar comfort. It was like falling backward into a soft bed, the explosions within my body nurtured and furthered by Shane's relentless attention, his hands and teeth at my ni**les, his lips on mine, his affection seeming to be everywhere at once and all over me as I came with him. I wept, then, when I felt him release inside me and my own rapture spiraled upward and onward, expanding into something more powerful than mere orgasm, mere physical release of hormones and contraction of muscles.

This was new, this upwelling of intensity within me, a feeling of panic growing inside me. It was all too much, too big. Even the explosion after Shane's teasing and the extended denial of orgasm wasn't like this. I couldn't contain it, couldn't hold it in. There was something spiritual in this, as if my soul had clenched and expanded and coruscated outward to find Shane's own essence and together they braided, tangled and twined into something other.

I felt Shane quaking beneath me, felt his every muscle spasm and his breath panting, felt his heart clamoring in his chest. I felt something else from him, an intangible knowledge that he'd experienced the same thing I had. He was shaken, as was I.

I was limp on top of him, his arms weighty bands across my back.

"Shane? Did you feel that too?"

He nodded his chin into my head. "I don't know what it was..."

The feeling of panic at the enormity of what I'd felt was still coursing through me. I held tight to Shane and breathed through it, but it didn't dissipate. His presence, his strength seemed to foster it, to grow it, even as he merely laid with me and recovered his breath.

I rolled off of him and into his arms, craned my neck to look at his face. His features were contorted in an effort to contain some powerful emotion.

"What is it?" I asked. "What's wrong?"

"It's not what's wrong, it's what's right." He crushed me against him, as if I might disappear and he was determined to prevent it. "I think what just happened, what we just felt, it's...that's what making love is supposed to feel like, but never has before, because it's always been just sex."

"You're scaring me." I didn't want to think about what he was suggesting. It was too much, too soon.

Great sex was one thing. And god, sex with Shane was mind-bending, earth-shaking. He'd given me sexual experiences that I hadn't known were possible, taken me to the farthest edges of ecstasy. That was awesome. And, if I was being totally honest with myself, it was part of the reason I'd come to Africa with him. I'd come because I enjoyed sex with him, and because I needed a change in my life, a drastic upheaval and this was a way to do it. I came because John would have flipped out, and because everyone I knew disapproved. I did it to rebel.

But now, Shane was implying something else, suggesting there was more to our relationship, and Rob had implied something similar. I wasn't commitment-phobic, wasn't afraid of my emotions, but...it was unexpected. Not unwelcome, but surprising. I didn't know what to do with it or how to handle it. I didn't know Shane, not really. I'd only met him two weeks ago.

My emotions towards John hadn't been intense. He'd been familiar, recognizable. Being with John was comfortable. Even when we were arguing, it was familiar, a ritual we'd gone over and over dozens of times in the years we'd been together.

Shane...he was mysterious and powerful, and apparently wealthy in his own right as well as coming from a rich, influential family. He was sweet, and considerate, strong and attentive...

"Shane, I-"

I was cut off by a cell phone ringing. Shane cursed and grabbed his pants and searched his pockets until he came up with a big, blocky cell phone.

I couldn't help but laugh. "How the hell do you get cellular service way out here? We're in the middle of Sudan, for god's sake."

He chuckled. "It's a satellite phone. I get service everywhere."

He sobered when he saw the number on the screen. He answered it. "Yeah? Shit. Okay, yeah. We're on the riverbank, a couple miles east of the village. We'll be ready. Bye."

He had paled, and looked shaken. He began dressing, swiftly and efficiently. He tossed my clothes at me and I began dressing too, worried by the expression on his face.

"What is it? Who was that?"

He gathered the supplies into the baskets and re-hung them on the donkey. I helped him when I was dressed.

"It was my uncle, Geoff. A helicopter is on the way to get us right now." I heard a distant thumping, confirming what he'd said. "My dad had a heart attack."

"Oh my god, Shane...is he...did he-?"

"No, he's alive, but it's not good. They need me back in the States ASAP."

* * *

The helicopter brought us to an airport outside Khartoum where a jet was waiting for us. Shane's brothers were already on board, dressed in civilian clothes and looking sullen, scared, and worried.

I wasn't sure what was going to happen to me, and was worried to ask.

We rode in silence, no one speaking, no one moving.

We stopped in Hamburg, Germany to refuel and left again as soon as the tanks were full. It was the longest I'd ever sat in complete silence in my life. Eventually I fell into a restless sleep. We arrived at the JFK International airport in the dead of night. Shane's brothers gave us space when he pulled me aside and sat down with me in a waiting area outside the gate.

"So you have a decision to make, Leona." I caught his fingers in a death grip as he spoke. "You can come with us, or I can put you on a flight back to Detroit. We're headed to our parents' estate New York."

"There's nothing for me in Detroit," I said. "Nothing but my parents or to go crawling back to John."

"I don't know what's waiting for me in New York. Dad's in critical condition still." He seemed to be leading up to something, hesitating.

"What? Say it."

He closed his eyes briefly. "If...with my dad out of commission, leadership of his company falls to me. He's been wanting me to take over for years now, but I've always refused. I don't want to do it, never have. But...I can't refused now."

I didn't understand what the big deal was. "So? You'll be a corporate CEO, then. I get it. If you don't want me with you...I mean, I know I'm not going to be much use in corporate boardroom, so if you're saying I can't really-"

He cut me off with a kiss. "No, Leo. That's not what I'm saying. The exact opposite, actually. If you come with me, you'd be basically part of the family." He had a pained look on his face. "Listen, I don't...I've never, ever brought a girl home. In my family, in this kind society, you don't bring a girl home to meet the family unless it's serious. There's casual girlfriends, and then there's the girl you bring home. If you come with me, we're declaring to my family and everyone else what we are."

"Which is?"

"Something more." He sucked in a deep breath and let it out slowly through his teeth. "I know it's fast, and unexpected, and a lot of pressure, but..."

I got up and paced away from him. What did I want?

I thought about getting on a plane back to the D, thought about begging for my old job back, sleeping in my parent's spare room where I'd grown up, seeing John to get my stuff...

No.

I turned back to Shane and threaded our fingers together. "I'll go with you. I don't claim to know what I'm getting myself into anymore than I did when I agreed to gocome with you to Africa, but...I'm game. If you really want me there, if you think I'll fit, then I'll come. I don't know shit from shellfish when it comes to high society, or whatever, but...I'll do my best."

Shane seemed relieved. His shoulders slumped down as if he'd been preparing for a blow that he realized wasn't coming.

"You're sure? I'd understand if you're not."

I tugged his hand, pulling him to where his brothers waited with shocked expressions on their faces. "I'm sure."

He kissed the top of my head. "That's my little lion."

We joined his brothers, who were staring at me in something like awe.

"You're bringing her...home?" Luke asked.

Shane just nodded.

"Did he explain to you what that meant, in our family?" Rob asked me.

"Sort of. It's a big deal, I gather."

Jon chuckled. "A big deal. Yeah, you might say that."

Luke shook his head, bemused. "You've known Shane how long?"

"Two weeks, maybe?" I was playing it cool, but inside I was on fire, even more terrified than when bullets were flying past my head in Khartoum.

Luke looked at Shane, bumped him with his shoulder. "Your girl's got balls, Shane. Great big brass ones."

Shane nodded. "Yeah, that's why I-yeah, I know."

Another slip. Everyone caught it, no one addressed it, least of all me.

We climbed into a limousine. This one wasn't a rental. I didn't recognize it, but there was a fancy-looking 'B' embroidered into the leather upholstery.

Inside the limo was an elegant older woman, silver-gray hair loose around her face, piercing green eyes hard as jade and pinning me to my seat. The brothers each gave her a hug and kiss on each cheek.

I stuck out my hand and shook hers. "Leona Larkin, ma'am."

She looked from me to Shane, to his hand on my thigh.

When she addressed me, her voice was cold and high. "Virginia Sorrenson." She turned to Shane and spoke to him, as if I wasn't there. "Are you sure this is the best time for this?"

Shane's voice was hard. "There's no other time for it, Mother. I know what's expected of me, and I'll do it. But I'll do it my way."

Virginia Sorrenson examined me from head to toe. "Well, she's pretty enough. Clearly has enough manners to introduce herself properly." She glanced at Shane again. "Are you sure about this, Shane?"

"She was with us in Sudan. She's amazing."

The knowledge that I was with him in Khartoum seemed to impress her, if the lessening of the tight, hard lines around her mouth was any indication.

"Then she's not faint of heart." She looked at me, and took my hand in hers, leaning forward. "There's still time to go home, child. You needn't feel rushed."

I shook my head. "I'll be fine."

Virginia rolled her shoulders in a shrug of acquiescence. "Very well then." She glanced from me to Shane. "When's the wedding?"

