"Wedding? What wedding?" I tried not to sound panicked.

Virginia Sorrenson looked from my baffled expression to Shane's chagrined one. "I was under the impression she knew what she was getting into, Shane. This does not appear to be the case."

I turned to Shane. "What's she talking about Shane? You said going with you meant it was a declaration that we were together. You didn't say anything about any damn wedding."

I saw Virginia's brows furrow at my vulgar language. Shane winced, and took my hand.

"Yeah, I know, and I'm sorry. It's not like it's going to be next week or anything, Leo, just..." he scrubbed his face with his hand. "Let's talk about this later, okay? In private?"

I nodded.

Virginia seemed displeased. "Shane, you should have been forthright with her from the beginning. It's not fair to her to be in the dark like this. She should know what she's getting into."

"I know," Shane said, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Can we just get home? I'll explain everything."

"Everything?" I asked. "Is there more?"

Luke spoke up. "With Shane, there's always more. He's not the most forthcoming man ever."

The three other brothers all chuckled.

"Let's just say there's probably more he's not saying than he is," Jon added.

"We're his brothers, and he didn't tell us about his patents until after he'd made his first billion," Rob said.

I choked on my saliva. "His first what?" I looked from Shane, who seemed intensely pissed off, to Rob. "His first billion with a 'B', or million with an 'M'?"

Virginia sighed. "Billion, dear. With a capital 'B'. My dear, tight-lipped son Shane here is worth nearly as much on his own as his father." She glared at Shane. "You ought to be ashamed of yourself. This poor girl obviously knows nothing about you, and not through any fault of her own. This is the kind of thing you can't just spring on a girl, son."

"It's not like I wasn't going to tell her, I just-"

"You want her to like you for more than your money," Virginia cut in. "I know. We've been over this. But obviously things with Leona have progressed rather quickly. If she's to make an informed and responsible decision about her future with you, then she needs the facts. All of them, dear. Not just the ones you decide to part with."

I turned away from them all and stared out the tinted window. Our limo, which I suspected was worth more than my parents' house, was zipping smoothly along a narrow, winding road lined with spreading trees, now changing to brilliant reds, oranges, yellows and browns as fall descended on upstate New York. There was more to Shane Sorrenson than met the eye, clearly. I'd always known that. Even from the first time I met him, I knew he was more than just a biker. His carriage, his bearing, something in the ramrod stiffness of his spine spoke of breeding and sophistication. It hadn't clicked right away though, and he tried to brush it off, especially when it came out that he was the son of Henry James Sorrenson. And now, suddenly, those medical patents he'd so casually mentioned and dismissed weren't just a trivial matter, and the company some little dot com existing on paper somewhere. He was a billionaire.

"Shane, you told me you owned a few medical patents," I said, after a long, tense silence.

Shane didn't answer right away. He picked at a thread on the leg of his pants, not looking at anyone. "First, I'm sorry. My brothers are right, in that I don't like to talk about myself. I don't like to flaunt my family name or my own personal wealth. Dad's money is his, earned by his hard work, over a lifetime. Mine is...well that's different. Those patents are meant to make life better for everyone, and it seems wrong somehow to capitalize on them."

Virginia huffed in irritation. "Oh for goodness' sake, Shane. Stop being so ridiculously egalitarian. Those patents are revolutionizing battlefield medicine. You've changed the medical world, son. You'd be a fool not to capitalize on it."

"Mother, I know. That's not the point. The point is, how do you tell someone your net worth without sounding arrogant? 'Hi, Leo, my name is Shane Sorrenson and I'm worth six billion dollars?' I don't f**king think so."

"Shane Alastair Sorrenson, I will not tolerate such vulgar language in my presence. This is not the United States Marine Corps."

I stifled a giggle. Shane blushed red and mumbled a very boyish, "Sorry, Mom."

His brothers all seemed to have come down with coughing fits as well.

At that moment, the limousine pulled to a stop at the top of a circle driveway. All that was visible to me, through the dark window, was a wide set of marble steps leading to a pair of enormous, dark wood French doors and thick, elegant, fluted white columns.

The door was opened by an older, thick-set man with buzzed black hair and sunglasses as well as the kind of earpieces worn by Secret Service agents.

"Ah, we've arrived," Virginia said, sliding out. The driver/bodyguard took her hand as she stepped out. "Thank you, Gerald. Leona, come with me, if you would. I'll show you the house."

I was next out, and I found myself lifted to my feet by Gerald's calloused, powerful hand. I mumbled, "thanks," to the burly man and followed after Virginia, glancing back at Shane. I would have rather had Shane give me the tour, as I hadn't had a moment alone with him since the picnic in Sudan. For all that I was irritated with him for holding back the truth from me, he was still the one familiar thing in my life, which was suddenly a very tumultuous thing. Shane watched me go, a thousand emotions shifting across his handsome features.

The front doors swung open as Virginia approached them, held by a pair of uniformed...servants, I guess you would call them. I wasn't sure. Butlers? Maids? People who worked in the house. Virginia swept past them without so much as a glance, but I thanked both of them and tried to keep up. She was moving swiftly, clad in an elegant but simple floor-length dress. The house was palatial. I'd only seen places like this in movies. This was something out of Jane Eyre or Mansfield Park, endless expanses of marble floors, grand, curving staircases and extravagant crystal chandeliers, suits of armor.

I had stopped in the middle of the foyer, which was bigger than the house I'd lived in with John. Virginia noticed I'd stopped and drifted back to my side.

"Don't let the trappings intimidate you, my dear. My husband has a flair for the dramatic. This house, if you can properly call such a monstrosity as this a house, is modeled after an eighteenth century British nobleman's estate. Something-upon-something-ford. I don't know. It's all grand and wonderful and entirely too big."

"How can I not be intimidated, Mrs. Sorrenson? This place is...god, it's incredible. I don't even know how to process what I'm seeing."

"Please, call me Virginia. And really, darling, it's just a house. A rather over-large one, but still, just a house."

I snorted. "Yeah, just a house. Okay." Virginia cocked an eyebrow at me, which I was learning was a Sorrenson family trait. "I'm sorry, I hope I didn't offend you. It is beautiful. It's just...overwhelming."

"Oh, well it is that, even to me, sometimes. Try finding someone in this house. If Henry isn't in his study, I need a search party and walkie talkies to find him. I told him we should get intercoms installed, but he said it wasn't authentic, and the electricity was bending the design enough as it was." I must have looked surprised, because she laughed. "Oh, you'll see what I mean about Henry when you meet him. He doesn't do things halfway. When he decided to do a period design, he originally wanted it to be completely authentic. All fireplaces and lamps and such, outhouses and so on. Well you can be sure I put my foot down. I told him he made it a normal, twenty-first century home, with TVs and electricity and baths and all that, or he could find someone else to live in it with him. But he refused on the intercoms, and I didn't push it. He did give me an entire wing of the house as a walk-in closet, after all."

I widened my eyes at that. We were strolling through the house, which really was properly called a palace. There were sitting rooms with ornate, period-style furniture and fireplaces and Greco-Roman sculptures, a formal dining room big enough seat at least fifty people, and a dozen other rooms, including a library that seemed to be reproduction of the one in the animated Beauty and the Beast, with hundred-foot high ceilings and shelves of books stretching out of sight, lining every wall, with nooks and crannies and ladders and paintings.

"An entire wing for clothes?" I asked, as we neared a curving staircase wide enough to fit a Hummer.

"Would you like to see it?" Virginia asked.

Did I ever. Her 'closet' was two floors, connected by a private spiral staircase. It wasn't just racks of clothes in a giant room. It was a display, a museum, a department store. There was a room dedicated to dresses custom-made for her by all the top-name fashion designers, some in different colors of the same design. There was an entire room just for shoes, floor-to-ceiling shelves designed to display just shoes. I may have drooled, just a bit. There was another room for purses, organized by color, size, and designer. More drool. And yet another room for lingerie, and another for more mundane things like jeans and shirts and socks and such. I was speechless.

We'd found our way back to the shoe room. "Henry calls this my 'shoe-seum'," Virginia said. "He says I have enough shoes that if we ever went bankrupt, I could open a shoe store. He may be right, but hey, a girl can never have too many shoes, right?"

I laughed. "No, I suppose not. But then, I have three pairs of shoes at the moment, so I'm in no position to talk."

Virginia lifted her eyebrow again. "Three? Total?"

I shrugged. "With me, at least. I have more back in Detroit, but I left all that behind when I went to Africa with Shane. He told me he'd had it all packed up and moved out of my ex-fiance's house, so I still technically own them, but that doesn't do me too much good at the moment."

Virginia led me to the kitchen, where she had coffee brought to us. "So, tell me how you met Shane. I'd ask him, but you see how he is with information."

"Well...I'd just had an argument with my ex-fiance, John. The argument itself was just one of those stupid things. It had started with something dumb he said to me, and I'd gotten pissed off. But it was more than that. John was boring. I've been realizing more and more that I was just with him because it was easier than breaking up. I mean, I guess I did care about him, I'd been with him for several years after all. But...he was uninteresting." I stared into my coffee as I spoke. "It was pouring rain, and I was wearing heels since we'd just come from a party, and I just jumped out of the car and ran. I broke a heel and fell, scraped my knees and hands and all that. John was following me, but I wasn't listening. And then I ran into Shane. I mean, literally ran into him. He'd seen me running in the rain, apparently, and stopped to see if I needed help. I didn't see him and ran smack into his chest. I couldn't go back to home, or to John's house, I guess I should say, so Shane took me to his, and then..."

"I can guess the rest," Virginia said, a wry arch to her voice. "How did you end up in Sudan with him, though? That's extremely unusual for him."

I shrugged. "I'm an ER nurse, and we'd talked about that, and his company that he started with his brothers. He asked me if I wanted to go with him, and arranged for it with the hospital I worked at and got me a passport. It was crazy, as I'd just met him, but...I needed a drastic change. When I had that argument with John, I'd had this vision of my life with him. It was the same thing, day after day, for the rest of my life. It scared me. So when Shane suggested going to Africa with him, it was impulsive and crazy and...it honestly was the best thing I've ever done. The hardest and most frightening, too, but the best. I felt alive, really alive, for the first time. And Shane...he took care of me. Protected me."

Virginia nodded. "That's Shane for you."

This was a golden opportunity to learn about Shane, I realized. "So, tell me about him. I mean, why is he the one to take over your husband's company and not one of the others?"

Virginia regarded me carefully. "He's the best suited. The only one of them who's really capable of it, honestly. I love all my boys. They're all wonderful, capable men, and they've all done wonderful things with their lives. But Shane is the only one of them with the...business savvy." She smiled at me. "Would you like to hear a story about him, as a child?

"When Shane was a boy, he decided he wanted to do a lemonade stand. Every child has one, at some point. Well, at the time, we were living in a condo in downtown New York City. Shane set up his little stand in the hallway outside our door, and sat there for about an hour, just waiting. Well, eventually he came inside, disappointed because he hadn't sold any lemonade. He went to Henry, who was on a business call, settling a multi-million dollar deal, and asked what he was doing wrong.

"Henry, without missing a beat, told him that he had to go where the business was, or he'd never sell anything. Shane took his advice to heart. He gathered his lemonade supplies and recruited Gerald to take him outside to set up. Gerald is a big old teddy bear with a heart of gold, and as much a nanny to all the boys as a bodyguard and driver. He helped Shane find a good spot out on Fifth Avenue, and stayed with him all day. I guess at one point, Shane ran out of supplies and sent Gerald to get more. About seven o'clock that night, Shane comes in, ecstatic but exhausted.

"He'd made over two hundred dollars, selling cups of lemonade at seventy-five cents a piece. He stuck with it for an entire week, setting up in the same spot, from morning to night, breaking for lunch and dinner, and he made over a thousand dollars.

"He was eight years old." Virginia smiled at the memory. "His brothers got wind of how much money he'd made and wanted in, so Henry told him how to expand. Henry hired a few extra temporary guards, friends of Gerald's I believe, and Shane set his three brothers up with their own stands a few blocks apart and showed them what to do. Shane gave them part of what they made and kept a portion for himself, as per Henry's instructions. Again, Shane was only eight years old.

"He has a natural mind for business, he's just reluctant to take on the responsibility, and lose his freedom in the process. I'm sure you're aware of this, but running a company like Henry's is a huge undertaking. There will be a lot of publicity, which is the biggest thing Shane's been wanting to avoid."

I absorbed this. I could see a little Shane, sitting outside in the middle of downtown Manhattan, selling lemonade. But I could also see Shane in a business suit, at a board meeting.

"So...wow." I held my coffee cup in both hands, processing what all this meant. "I guess I can see why Shane would have to be careful who he's seen in public with. If he's about to become, like, a big business mogul, his public image is important."

"Precisely. I'm glad you see it that way," Virginia said. "But there's more to it. Him having girlfriends is one thing. It's natural and expected. He's always been careful to make sure his private life is private. But he's only been working for himself, establishing his own career and his own business. Now, he's taking over Henry's company. It's an established business with a client list, an image, a reputation, investors and profit margins, and all that.

"For men like Shane and Henry, the woman in their life is vitally important. You've heard the adage, 'behind every great man is a great woman', I'm sure? Well, that's never been truer. I helped Henry start his business. I was his first secretary, and I helped design his first ad campaign. Every major decision he's ever made has gone through me.

"If our relationship suffers, or we get in a fight, and Henry has a hard time focusing on business, that can affect thousands of people. I'm not exaggerating. If we fight and Henry makes a poor decision because his mind is on us rather than business, he could lose millions of dollars.

"That's what you're getting into, Leona. It's not just write-ups in the fashion rags and society columns, or appearances at galas and grand openings and such. It's business, it's your every day life and decision having a domino effect on everything Shane does and down the ladder to the bottom of the business." Virginia pinned me with a hard, level stare. "Your actions reflect on him, even when you're out on the town, shopping, or having brunch with your girlfriends. Your reputation becomes his. If you're caught up in a scandal, it affects him, and thus downward to all the other stockholders and employees. Shane has never had casual girlfriends. He's had girls in his life, but it's been quiet, kept-not secret, but-"

"On the down low," I put in.

"Yes, very good. On the down low." Virginia put her hand over mine. "I don't mean to scare you or intimidate you, I just need you to know exactly what you're coming in to. What we expect of someone who intends to share Shane's life. You have to be above scandal, above reproach. We are not a family that tolerates our children making poor choices. We are a wealthy family, and we could have allowed our children to live a life leisure, but we don't. We've expected them to make their own way, and to be people who adhere to a moral standard. I don't know you very well, but I know Shane, and I know he wouldn't bring you into his life to the extent that he has if he didn't think you could meet our expectations. For yourself, you need to decide if this is what you want. Your life is no longer merely your own."

I blew out a long breath. "That's heavy."

Virginia laughed. "Yes, it is."

"And I have to decide, and soon?" I asked. Virginia nodded. "I care about Shane, and I really think there's something deeper to our relationship than sex. I'm sorry, I know he's your son, and that's awkward to think about, but I have no one else to talk to about this that will understand."

"No, it's fine. I do understand." Virginia stood, and gestured for me to follow. "Shane wouldn't have brought you here if he didn't believe in you, if he didn't think you could do it, and that there really is something deeper to your relationship than sex. He wouldn't have brought you to Sudan, if he didn't. That was a test, I think. He's always been a shrewd judge of character, and I trust his instincts."

She smiled at me and squeezed my arm. "Plus, I like you, and I'm his mother."

"I would be lying if I didn't admit to being a bit afraid," I said. "But I think I'm willing to try. I still need to talk to Shane about all this. He has some explaining to do, for one thing."

"You would be a fool if you weren't afraid," Virginia said. "And yes, he does have explaining to do. Don't let him get away without giving you straight answers."

Virginia through hallways and upstairs to a huge bedroom. "This will be your room, for now. Gerald has brought your things already. You will want a shower, I'd imagine. We're going to the hospital to visit Henry in one hour. You will be joining us, yes?"

"I suppose so, yes. Is Mr. Sorrenson okay?"

"He will be in the hospital for a few days longer, but he will okay. He just needs to take time away from business. He's been driving himself too hard for too long. It's long past time he stepped down."

Virginia gave me a light hug, and despite having just met her, I felt a kinship to her that boded well for the future. She left, and I was alone in a bedroom larger than any I'd ever been in. It had a four-poster bed, a fireplace, an armoire, a flat-screen TV, and an en suit bathroom. Everything, from the sheets to the soap in the bathroom was the highest quality, as far as I could judge such things.

I stripped my clothes off, which I'd been wearing for nearly forty-eight hours, and got in the shower. The water came from a huge disc directly above my head, as well as from jets in the wall. It was a long, luxurious, incredible shower.

I felt him, rather than heard him. It was a prickling at my back, a sense of not being alone any more. I turned and saw him standing in the doorway of the bathroom, watching me, hands in his pockets.

I smiled at him over my shoulder. "Coming in?"

"Is that an invitation?" He approached the shower door, a hopeful grin spreading on his features.

"Sure is," I said.

Shane stripped, locked the door, and slid the shower door aside. He stepped toward me with a hungry curl to his lips and deadly grace to his movements. I turned and pressed my back to the wall, arms in front of my br**sts and one leg crossed in front of the other in a pose of mock fear.

It had been several days since the picnic, and a lot had happened since then. I hadn't had time to feel much but the pressure of decisions and the constant change. Now that he was in the shower with me, his beautiful, naked body swaggering towards me, I felt desire flooding through me. I hadn't realized how tense I was until it all sloughed off my shoulders and out of my muscles, leaving only a heat in my belly and a need to feel Shane's arms around me, his body against mine.

By the time his hands were wrapping around my waist, he was hard, his c**k standing against his belly, beckoning to me. I grabbed him in both hands as our lips met, stroked him to the rhythm of our tongues exploration.

"I know it's only been a couple days," Shane said, "but I feel like it's been weeks."

He pulled our hips flush, his rigid manhood a solid rod between our bodies. His hands caressed my spine, his fingers tracing each knob of my spine on the way down to my ass, where he lingered, kneading the muscle in his huge, powerful hands. I kissed his chest, my hands flat on his back, content to simply bask for a moment in his presence, his strength and masculine bulk.

His fingers moved around my hips to trace the outer edge of my labia, just a teasing touch at first, and then, when I let a whimpering whisper escape my mouth, he slipped finger in and swiped slowly into my heat-slick cleft. I moved my hands on his cock, fingers held loose and stroking delicately along his iron-and-silk shaft. He added a second finger inside me, curled in to find my G-spot, and then added his other hand to circle my aching clit with a gentle, insistent finger. I felt the fires of orgasm rising in me, heat in my belly and a trembling in my muscles.

"I want you," I said. "I need you inside me."

Shane's gray-green eyes met mine, fiery with lust and need, but also glinting with amusement.

"Come for me first," he said, his fingers moving relentlessly within me, driving me to orgasm.

"No," I said. "I want to come around you."

Shane quirked an eyebrow at me, as if I'd challenged him.

"Oh, you'll come," he breathed into my ear, "you'll come hard...right now."

He was so right. I fought it, clenched every muscle in my body down on the waves of pleasure rushing through me, tried to think of something else, anything else, but all that came to mind was Shane, his body, his hands, his c**k in my pu**y, or my mouth, or my hands, and his muscles clenching as he came, and I couldn't fight it.

I tried to get away, to win the challenge even if it meant cheating, but he had me pinned, trapped, his fingers on my sex and in me, holding me in place and driving me to limp-limbed ecstasy so that all I could do was hold tight to him and ride it out.

"Goddamn you, Shane," I gasped, and bit his shoulder hard enough to make him hiss in shock.

"I win," he whispered, and withdrew his fingers, moving away so I had to either hold on to him for balance or stand on my own.

I held on. He turned off the shower, toweled me dry, paying attention to my sensitive areas, keeping the thrills of pleasure shooting through me until he was dry as well. He lifted me in his arms and set me on the bed.

"Now you can have me. Any way you want it." He slipped a finger inside me. "How do you want it?"

I was sitting on the bed, with Shane standing in front of me. I looked up at him, and saw a strange light in his eyes, a hardness at odds with his tender attention to me. I remembered then why we'd come back, and where we were going in a short time. I opened my mouth to speak, to tell him we didn't need to do this now, but he cut me off.

"I need you, Leo. I want you, right now."

I sensed maybe he just wanted distraction, one last moment to be just Shane before he assumed the mantle of responsibility. That, at least, I could give him.

I scooted backward on the bed and moved to my hands and knees, presenting my ass to him. "Like this. Take me from behind."

"Oh god, I'll last about thirty seconds," Shane said, climbing onto the bed and positioning himself behind me.

"Good thing I've already come once," I said, spreading my knees apart and curving my spine inward to lift my hips up. "Come on, Shane, take me hard. I want you deep inside me."

"You want me deep?" Shane said, his hands on my hips. He dipped two fingers into my pu**y, then replaced them with his cock, driving in slowly. "Like this?"

"Oh god, yes," I said, shifting my weight backwards to impale him deeper. "Yes, just like that. Deeper, harder."

He was moving now, long, slow thrusts into me and back out. For all that he'd said he'd only last thirty seconds, he was still moving as if he wanted to last forever, and could. I wanted him to forget, to lose control, to be distracted. I rocked my ass back into him, driving him hard into me, and then again.

"Oh, you want it like that, huh?" He adjusted his weight so he was closer behind me, and then reached forward to pinch one of my ni**les in his fingers.

"Yes, Shane. Just like that."

He let go of my nipple, then, and grabbed my hips in both hands to pull me onto him, and I gasped as he drove to the hilt, pulled back and plunged again. He grunted, teeth clenched, and thrust, fingers digging into my hips and pulling me, setting a furious rhythm now, hard and fast. He groaned and growled between his teeth at every thrust, and I let my whimpers turn to an ongoing moan as he neared his climax.

"Oh, god, yes, Shane, harder," I said, not pretending or exaggerating.

I felt another orgasm rising within me, even though I didn't think I would in this position. But here it came anyway, my flesh prickling and my muscles quivering, my ass shaking as he slapped into me, plunging and retreating with primal ferocity. I buried my face in the blanket and clutched it with shaking fists, rocked forward onto my forearms with every powerful thrust of his throbbing cock. I abandoned all efforts to move with him and just held on as he drove into me, working my building climax into a frenzy. He thrust deep, once, tensed, and came. When he released, he pulsed into me, a single savage thrust that toppled me over the edge into orgasm, coming with a blanket-muffled shriek, redoubled when he plunged again, still coming, still flooding me with heat.

He collapsed forward after one final thrust, his weight on my ass and lower back, his c**k still pulsing inside me. He ran his hands along my sides to cup my br**sts, then down along my back. I fell forward onto the bed, breathing hard and sweating. Shane laid down next to me on his back, one hand flung out to rest on my ass.

"God...damn, Leo," he breathed. "That was intense."

"So intense," I said. "Now I need another shower."

"Yeah, we both do, now. We'd better get moving, though."

"Yeah, we should."

Shane laughed. "We're not moving."

"Yes we are. We're in the shower, right now. I'm washing my legs," I said, my voice distorted by the blanket in my face.

Shane forced himself to a sitting position and patted my backside. "Come on, Leo. We gotta go."

This time, the shower was all business, and we were at the front door waiting for Gerald to bring the limo around in less than twenty minutes.

* * *

Virginia entered the hospital room first, followed by Luke, Jon, and then Rob. Shane and I were last, and Shane pulled me to the side before we went in.

"Listen, the very fact that you're here will tell Dad everything he needs to know, at this point," Shane said. "I know there's a lot I haven't been exactly forthright about, and I'm sorry-"

I put a finger to his lips. "Not now, Shane. We're here to see your dad. Do you want me here?"

"Yes, of course, but-"

"Then that's all that matters. We can figure out the rest later, okay?" I pushed him through the door.

I took his hand as we crossed the private recovery room to stand next to Henry James Sorrenson. I'd seen his pictures in the news and in magazines, of course, but it didn't prepare me for the man himself.

His sons were all absurdly attractive men, rugged and masculine and dominant. They all had the same eyes, gray-green and intense, and as Mr. Sorrenson's eyes fixed on me, I saw where they got them. His eyes were like lasers, piercing and hypnotic, so bright and hard that it felt like he was looking through you and able to see your most private thoughts. Even lying down in a hospital bed after a heart attack, he was vibrant and dominated the room.

"And who is this lovely creature?" Mr. Sorrenson said, his voice low and rough.

Shane pulled me forward and presented me to his father. "Dad, this is Leona Larkin. Leo, this is my father, Henry James Sorrenson."

I shook his hand, squeezing firmly. "It's wonderful to meet you, sir."

"The pleasure is mine, Miss Larkin. I just wish the circumstances were more pleasant. I fear you aren't seeing me at my best." He scooted up on the bed, restless. "I just wish these doctors would let me go. I'm hate laying around when there's work to be done."

I could see the strain in his face, in the lines around his eyes and the circles underneath. He was still a weak man, sick and in need of rest. But then, I was nurse, and trained to look for such things. I couldn't stop my instinct from taking over, checking his vitals in the monitor. I had to forcibly prevent myself from fussing with his lead contacts, which were coming loose.

"Nonsense. You need your rest," the word came out automatically, the habit of a nurse accustomed to arguing with recalcitrant patients. "A heart attack is no small thing. You'll be up and around faster if you listen to the doctors."

Mr. Sorrenson lifted his eyebrow at Shane.

"She's an ER nurse," Shane said, with an embarrassed shrug. I got the feeling no one talked to his father like I just had, not even the nurses.

"Sorry, sir," I said. "Habit."

"Call me Henry. And you're right, but it's hard. I haven't spent so long laying down since Vietnam." He looked from me to Shane and back. "So, you two are..."

"Still figuring things out," Shane answered, a bit roughly.

"But you brought her here, and you're here."

"Dad, not now."

"Then when? The press is clamoring for news. My heart attack was public, son. They're expecting a statement from me about who is replacing me, if I'm stepping down as acting CEO. We can't put this off any longer, son."

He shifted in the bed, scooting up higher. "Listen, son. I know this is hard for you. I've put it off as long as I could, but...I simply can't any longer. I'll work with you as much as I can and help you transition, and get the board used to your presence. I'm not going to just dump everything on you and go golfing."

"It's not that I'm worried about, so much," Shane said. "It's everything else. I'm not afraid of the work, you know that. It's being a public figure, everybody watching me, watching everything I do."

"It's not as bad as you think. Just be responsible in what you do in public, and be careful of who's watching, even when you think you're alone."

"That's exactly what I don't want to have to do," Shane said. "But I guess it is what it is."

The nurse came in then and shooed us out. The limo ride back to the estate was long and silent.

* * *

When we got back to the estate, Shane and I ended up in his suite of rooms rather than mine. A cut crystal decanter filled with amber liquid, a pair of glasses arranged upside down around it, sat on a table between two leather chairs. Shane filled one with an inch of the liquid, drained it, and filled it again. I over turned a glass and held it out to him.

Sitting in the chairs, we toasted in silence, and drank. I waited for Shane to speak.

Eventually he did. "Are you sure you want to be here, Leo?" He watched me over the top of the glass. "We're getting to the point of no return."

"Yes," I said. "No. I don't know. I mean, am I one hundred percent sure this is the right decision? No. It's crazy and impulsive. But I like spending time with you. It's more than the sex, which is mind-blowing. It's you. You have this way of making me feel both safe and excited. I like that. I like not knowing what's coming, what's going to happen next. That's why I went to Sudan with you. I want to do this with you."

Shane sighed and set his glass down. "Leo, listen. This is serious. If you're with me when we announce my assumption of Dad's role as CEO of Sorrenson Enterprises, then it's as good as declaring us as married. Appearing with me in public is a big deal. You'll be the subject of a lot of attention, a lot of scrutiny. They'll look into your background, and they'll want interviews. Dad's company is involved in the media, backing film studios and TV studios and such, and as the CEO, especially a young one like myself, we'll be invited to grand openings of shows, opening nights of blockbuster films, red carpet events...the whole high society nine yards. If you decided you want out, at some point, you'll still be watched, and tagged forever as Shane Sorrenson's ex.

"On top of all that, there's familial expectations. I can date whomever I want, as far as the public's concerned. I can be a playboy, a womanizer, or whatever. The business will go on. The expectations of my family are different. My dad has never stepped out on my mom, in over thirty years. My uncles and aunts, the same. My brothers are all single, never married, like me. And when they do, its expected that they'll be faithful. Our family goes back a long, long way, and we have a reputation to uphold. In my family, you don't just get married to whoever you want. It just doesn't work that way."

"So it's like aristocracy, basically?"

"Yeah, pretty much."

"So do I fit the expectations?" I asked. "I mean, I can't imagine I do. I'm not from your socioeconomic class, Shane. I'm middle class, blue collar. You all are...high society. I'm not."

"You have my mother's approval. That'll be good enough for everyone else. They won't be able to help liking you, once they meet you." He smiled ruefully. "Besides. I'm not exactly high society either, am I? I mean, look at me. I've got tattoos and piercings and I ride a Harley. I'm more comfortable with a gun or a wrench or a scalpel than I am with a pen or a computer. I'm a Marine and a medic, not a CEO."

I moved to sit on his lap. "The real question is, Shane Sorrenson, do you want me here with you?"

"Of course I do. I wouldn't have brought you if I didn't. You fit in with us, Leo. You may not come from money or whatever, but we're not the kind of people that care about that stuff. My brothers like you, my mom likes you, and I'm pretty sure you impressed the hell out of my dad, which isn't easy to do." He reached up and smoothed a lock of hair behind my ear.

I bent down and nibbled his ear, then planted a kiss on his jaw. "So...what's next, then?"

He leaned back in the chair and rubbed my thighs with his palms. "Well, the press conference will be on Monday, most likely. We'll announce that Dad is stepping down and I'm taking over. You'll be sitting next to me, with Mom on the other side of Dad. The press will want to know who you are, and we'll give them a statement. Something innocuous that doesn't really say much other than we're together."

"And then?" I kissed his throat, then down between the collar of his button down shirt, popping buttons as I went.

"And then...I guess we figure things out, one step at a time. I'll probably sell my condo in Royal Oak and get one in New York, near the headquarters. You can stay here, in the meantime."

"When you say you'll get a condo..."

"I mean we, if that's what you want. Isn't this all a little fast, though?"

I had his shirt open, now, and slipped off his lap to the floor, unbutton his pants to free his burgeoning erection. I pulled his pants and boxers off and tossed them aside. His c**k filled my hands, huge and hard and leaking from the tip as I caressed his length.

"I suppose it is. I'm trying not to think about that. It's really fast, but it doesn't scare me. Maybe it should, but it doesn't."

I wrapped my lips around him and drew his c**k to the back of my throat, moving my fist near his root. Before I could repeat the action, I felt myself lifted up and carried to the bed. Shane peeled my shirt over my head, tugged off my pants, and then pressed his lips to my belly as he unhooked my bra. My hands threaded into his hair as he suckled one of my ni**les, his fingers nimbly stripping me of my panties. I arched my back as he slipped two fingers inside me, moaned when he moved down between my legs to lap at my heat-soaked folds. He had me writhing on the bed with a few strokes of his tongue, pushed me to the edge of climax with a few more, and then I was tugging him up to me as I came, gripping his c**k in my hands to guide him in, pulling on his bu**ocks to get him deeper, wrapping my legs around his waist to keep him deep.

He pushed into me a few times, then rolled so I was on top of him and sat up with me, impaled deep, facing him, our eyes locked, arms tangled around each other, bodies moving in harmony. He rocked his hips up into mine, and I lifted up, using my arms around his neck for leverage, and sank down onto him. Sweat began to bead on our flesh and our breathing came in ever more ragged panting gasps, and then desperation set in. We clung to each other and moved with impassioned frenzy, mouths biting shoulders.

"Oh god, Leo, I love this so much, don't ever stop," Shane whispered in my ear.

"Never, never," I said.

My br**sts bounced against his chest, scraping against the light dusting of hair. His thighs bunched beneath my ass as he moved, the cords in his back and arms flexing with every thrust into me.

He laid down on his back again, taking me with him so I was collapsed on his chest, only our hips moving now, his c**k barely pulling back before plunging in, filling me, stretching me, sending spasms of electric pleasure through me. I rested my head on his chest and arched my back up, sank down, pawed at his shoulders and face and hair, searching for purchase as my second orgasm rose within me, a lightning wash of intensity. His shaft grew harder and thicker within me as he neared release, but I wasn't ready for that yet, leaned back on him until he was stretched taut, as far as he could go, tightened so he couldn't release. I braced myself with my palms flat on his hipbones and rolled my pu**y in small gyrations. I drew him higher, past climax without release, the chemical rush of orgasm blasting through him and I both but he couldn't spend his seed until I let him, until I let myself fall forward.

Shane dug his fingers into my thighs, his thumbs in the crease of my hips, tugging me forward in a silent plea, his breathing labored, every muscle straining and tense. Still I fluttered, drawing him further into desperation.

I was coming still, a slow wave of muscular contraction throughout my body. I held myself rigid through it, riding it out, whimpering past clenched teeth and squeezed-shut eyes.

"Leo, please..." Shane whispered. His hands ran up my belly to my br**sts, took their weight in his trembling hands, cupping them gently, then pinched my stiffened ni**les in his fingers and pulled them, drawing me downward. I resisted his pull, tried to ignore the thrilling pulse of pleasure shooting through me from my ni**les through the rest of my body, driving the slow roll of orgasm to new heights. He pulled, I resisted, and my ni**les stretched, and then I couldn't hold back any longer. I fell forward, rode upward to slid his shaft almost out of me, waiting, waiting...

"Oh god," Shane said, gasping and clutching me against himself, "I'm coming, right now, so hard!"

I sank down on him and he growled, thrashing into me, suddenly frenzied and furious, and I was coming with him, hard, hot, a wildfire spreading through my body, every muscle quivering, my breath shrill whimpers in his ear, nails clawing at his shoulders.

We moved together, then, unable to even breathe as our climax merged into a single rush of united ecstasy, clinging to each other, breathing matched, heart beats matched, eyes locked.

When the shudders faded and we were limp in each other's arms, Shane gazed at me with motion wavering in his eyes. He seemed on the verge of speaking, but then he clutched me tighter and we both drifted to sleep.

* * *

"Ready?" Shane asked me.

I took a breath, then nodded. "As ready as I'll ever be."

He twined our fingers together and pushed through the door, leading me out in front of dozens of reporters with suddenly-flashing cameras and blinding lights from shoulder-held video cameras. As soon as Shane appeared, with me next to him, questions came at us in a barrage, too many to comprehend. Henry and Virginia came in behind us, and the wave of flashing photographs and the inundation of questions redoubled.

It was odd seeing Shane in a formal business suit. This one had obviously been tailored specifically for him, emphasizing the breadth of his shoulders and the width of his arms. It was conservative, solid charcoal gray, with a crisp, spotless white shirt with a lilac tie and matching handkerchief. I couldn't get over the business Shane, the no rings or earrings or leather cuffs, clean-shaven, tats covered Shane. He was sexy as ever, but this Shane was...intimidating in a whole different way than the hard-ass biker, or the cool-under-fire combat medic. This was a man capable of running a multi-billion dollar media empire.

I wondered yet again what I'd gotten into. Was I really ready be this woman? The wife of a business tycoon? Wife? I wasn't even sure I was officially his girlfriend yet.

My head span in circles as we sat down at the long table facing the sea of eager reporters.

I squeezed Shane's hand as hard as I could and ordered myself to breathe. This was a far different thing than I'd expected. Seeing a press conference like this on TV didn't prepare you for the experience of being the one photographed and interrogated. Every eye was on me. Virginia, Shane and Henry were known, their roles understood. Me? Not so much.

"Shane! Who is she? Are you married?"

"Shane! Are you taking over for your father?"

"Shane! What will happen to Rescue Medic if you take over for Mr. Sorrenson? Will you merge your company and his?"

Shane held up his hand for silence, and eventually got it. "Before we answer any questions, my father has a statement."

"As many of you may know," Henry began, "I recently suffered a minor heart attack. It was minor, contrary to many of the rumors out there. I'm back on my feet, obviously, and feeling fine, but it was a wake up call. I've been running this company for over thirty years. I started in a little rented office space only a few blocks from here, and my wife was my first and only employee. Since then, we've built up a bit, and become fairly successful," there were polite titters of laughter at the gross understatement, "but the cost has been high. I've worked twelve- and sixteen-hour days every single day since then, and my health has suffered. Ginny has been after me to scale back my involvement for years now, but I've resisted. Sorrenson Enterprises is my company, after all, and it's hard to let others run what you started. But...with this heart attack, I've realized it's time."

Henry turned to Shane and clapped a hand to his shoulder.

"And there's no one better to take over for me than my son Shane. So, yes, to answer the biggest question, Shane will be assuming my role as CEO and President of Sorrenson Enterprises."

Shane spoke up right on the end of his father's speech, cutting off the imminent deluge of questions. "My company and his will remain separate for the time being. I'm looking forward to immersing myself completely in the task of taking over where my father is leaving off. Sorrenson Enterprises is a family company, and it always will be. As for Rescue Medic, my brothers carry on for the time being, just without me."

"Who's the lovely lady to your left, Shane?" The question was shouted into a brief pause for breath by an older reporter with salt and pepper hair near the front of the crowd.

"This is Leona Larkin," Shane answered.

"Leona, how long have you known Shane?"

"What's your relationship like? Have you been dating long?"

"Do you have a prenuptial agreement?"

I didn't know whether to answer the questions, or which one to start with, or whether I should just stay quiet, or try to answer neutrally...I realized how much composure it really took to answer a direct, intensely personal question in such a way as to pacify the reporters without giving away too much information. All I could do was look to Shane and hope he rescued me. I just didn't know what to say.

"That's all for now, thank you," Shane said, standing up and nudging my elbow to move me off-stage. "No further questions. No comment. Thank you."

The reporters continued to shout questions at us as we left, and then when we made our way to the limo outside the downtown Manhattan building, we were assaulted yet again with machine-gun-fire questions, flash-bulbs, walls of people closing in on me, begging me to answer, to "look this way, Miss Larkin, look this way!"

Gerald and a couple other men in dark suits and sunglasses and earpieces kept them at bay while we entered the car and slid across the bench. Even as the door closed in their faces, reporters knelt down to try to get one last shot of us together, Shane Sorrenson, the mysterious, reclusive billionaire heir to Henry James Sorrenson's media empire, and his new arm-candy girlfriend.

I found myself wondering what the papers and magazines would be saying about us. About me.

"Since you didn't tell them anything about me, or us, what will they say?" I asked.

Shane pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed. "They'll do some research about you and then mix that with conjecture. And by conjecture, I mean they'll fabricate a bunch of bullshit. Those magazines and papers have come out with stories saying I'm getting married, or cheating with someone on someone else. I think the last one said I was engaged to Katy Perry. The funny thing about that one is, I met her once, at a party about two years ago. We hugged and she kissed me on the cheek, and a photographer got a picture of us just as she was leaning in to kiss me, and they spun it into us getting married. I'd never seen her before, nor after. They even did a follow-up, cropped pics of me with some of her so it looked like we were yelling at each other, and then did an 'exclusive' about our 'tragic break-up'." Shane waved a hand in dismissal. "It's a bunch of bullshit. I have no intention of telling them anything, since they'll they'll just make up their own f**kin' bullshit any-damn-how."

Virginia leaned across the limo and smacked Shane on the shoulder. "Watch your language, Shane. Don't be vulgar. They're just doing their job. It entertains people. As long as those whose opinions matter to you know the truth, what difference does it make what the gossip rags say?"

"They're going to research me? What does that mean?" I asked.

"They'll dig into your past for sordid bits of gossip to spin." Shane shrugged. "Who knows. They'll try to talk to your parents, or find an ex, or something."

The thought of some gossip reporter or blogger getting a hold of John scared me. If he was mad enough, he might just talk to them. I didn't have anything to hide, per se, but the idea of people reading lies about me had my stomach roiling. I still hadn't spoken to my parents since returning from Sudan. They didn't have any idea what was going on. If they watched the news, and saw me with Shane...

On cue, my cell phone rang. I pulled it out and glanced at the caller ID, sighed, and answered it.

"Hi, Mom," I said.

She was pissed. "When were you going to tell me you were back from your little adventure? Why did I have to find out about your relationship with him from TV? Is he really a billionaire? Tell me you didn't already get married, Leona-"

"Mom!" I cut in. "You sound just like the reporters. One question at a time."

"Well? When can I meet him? And does he have any single brothers?"

"Mom! Seriously with the questions."

"Well at least tell me why you haven't at least called me. Where are you?"

"I'm in New York with Shane and his family. And I'm sorry I didn't call you. I know I should have, but things have just been really crazy lately. I honestly haven't talked to anyone."

"Except the press," Mom said, with a bit of petulance.

"I didn't talk to them. I just appeared with Shane. There's a difference."

There was a strange, awkward silence, then Mom said, "John called your father and I."

"Shit. What did he want?" Virginia's eyes narrowed at my language, but she didn't interrupt.

"He wanted to know where you were. He was heartbroken, Leo. You should talk to him, at least. He was worried. He said that boy you took off with was a bit of a rough character."

I sighed. "Mom, my life is none of his business. I'm not going to talk to him. He can think what he wants. I don't care anymore. And Shane is a bit of rough character, but he's also a billionaire, and one of the most successful and famous businessmen in the country. So John can suck it."

Everyone in the limo was stifling laughter. I did my best to ignore them.

"Leo! Don't be so vulgar. And I think John deserves a bit more explanation and closure than he said you gave him. He said you jumped out of the car in the rain, in the middle of a conversation, and haven't spoken to him since. That's not exactly fair, dear."

"I'll be vulgar if I want to be vulgar, Mom. And no, I don't owe John any kind of explanation. He's an asshat. Jumping out of the car in the middle of an argument, in the rain, should have been a pretty damn good indicator that I don't want to talk to him. Ignoring his calls and texts should have been another." Mom tried to cut in and say something, but I spoke over her. "I'm not having this conversation with you right now, Mom. I'm just not. Yes, you'll meet Shane at some point. No, we're not married, and no, you can't play matchmaker. Laura and Lenora can find their own men. I'll call you later, okay? Bye, Mom. I'm hanging up now. I love you. Bye."

She tried to cut in several more times as I hung up, but I knew my mom, and I knew if I let her get a head of steam up, she'd never stop with the questions. She should have been a reporter.

I stared at the phone rather than face the inquisitive stares of Shane, Henry, and Virginia.

"So, John would be...?" Virginia prompted.

"My ex-fiance," I said.

At the same time, Shane said, "An asshat."

Virginia lifted an eyebrow. "And why is he 'an ass...hat'?' She spoke the phrase with a wry contempt for such low vulgarity.

I looked at Shane and back to his mother. "It's a long story. It was a long, difficult, boring relationship that wasn't going anywhere."

"I see. Difficult and boring. Sounds complicated."

"It was."

"I know this may be none of my business, but from what I could tell, based on the conversation you had with your mother, it sounds like you have some loose ends to take care of." Virginia looked at me with firm but understanding eyes, so much like Shane's. "My advice, which I realize you haven't asked for, is to go home, just for a few days. Introduce Shane to your parents, see your friends, and yes, have one last conversation with your ex."

I just nodded. I knew she was right, but it was the last thing I wanted to do.

I was afraid that if I went home, this crazy dream I was having would end, and I would be stuck back in my old life.

We got back to the house and everyone scattered to different places, leaving Shane and I alone in the kitchen.

"Wanna go for a ride?" Shane asked, shucking his suit coat and tie.

"A ride?"

"Yeah, on one of my motorcycles. I'm all keyed up and need to blow off some steam. A nice long cruise on one of my choppers always calms me down."

"Oh, yeah. Sure. That actually sound really nice. Let me go change."

I'd been wearing a calf-length skirt and a matching suit coat, which was perfect for a press conference, but so not much for a motorcycle ride. I quickly changed into a pair of jeans and halter top. Shane was already waiting out in the driveway, back in a pair of ripped jeans and a sleeveless biker vest. He plopped a helmet on my head and snapped it, and I swung on behind him.

I realized as we rumbled down the long driveway and onto a narrow, two-lane blacktop road, that I hadn't been on motorcycle with Shane since we left Detroit. The engine roared and buzzed between my legs, and Shane's solid bulk in front of me anchored me into the moment, pushing away worries and fears, until all that remained was the lush, upstate New York scenery. There was no talking, not with the roar of the engine, and for once I felt no need to, just a deep peace rooted firmly in Shane, in simply being with him.

I lost track of time, lost track of the miles, and eventually Shane pulled off the main road onto a hard-packed dirt road cutting off away into a rolling field bordered by a wall of trees. This was a rougher ride than the highway had been, and I clung tighter to Shane. The dirt road took us even farther from civilization than we already were, away from the blacktop, away from people. Now we were truly in the middle of nowhere, and still Shane drove, mile after mile.

A massive, spreading oak tree rose into view, topping a hill in the distance, dominating the horizon. Shane pulled the bike off the dirt road into the grass beneath the tree, and then swung around to face me so our legs were nestled together, his outside mine, his boots resting on the footrests next to my feet.

From top of the hill we had an open view of the land surrounding us for miles, trees off to our left, an endless bank of wind-blown green. Rolling hills spread away in every other direction, covered in rippling grass lit by the afternoon sun.

"Leo, I'm gonna ask you one last time." Shane took both my hands in his. "You want this? With me, with my family?"

"I'd be lying if I said I didn't still have little niggling doubts as to whether I really fit into your family's lifestyle, all the fancy airplanes and limos and reproductions of eighteenth-century British noblemen's houses. But I like your family. Your mom gave it to me straight, told me what she expected of me, and that helped, as much as it made me even more nervous."

"Oh god. Mom got to you?"

"Well, yeah. She just told me that your family had...how did she put it? A certain moral standard to uphold, or something like that. I can't be caught up in scandal, and my decision affect you and the whole company. Stuff like that. Logical enough."

Shane groaned. "Figures she'd hit you with that shit." He eyed me carefully, assessing my reaction. "She could have waited just a bit before laying that on you."

I shook my head. "No, I needed to hear it. It made all this more real, I guess. I mean, you're real, but...the CEO thing, being with you as you take over for your dad...all that. I can't just do whatever I want. I mean, I'd never be 'caught in a scandal' anyway, whatever that means."

"It means cheat on me and have it publicized by the papers."

"Oh. Well even more duh." I scooted forward and Shane slid down so that he was reclining on the bike and I was lying on top of him. It felt precarious, but he didn't seem to mind, and I felt secure, held in his arms.

"It's not a duh, though, Shane said. "I mean, I trust you, but...gossip rags are one thing. Real, presentable facts are another."

"You'll just have to trust me, then, won't you? I'm not that kind of girl. If I didn't want to be with you, and only you, I wouldn't have come."

"I know, I just meant it's not a given for Mom." Shane ran his hands down my back and cupped my ass, then dug his palms under the tight waistband of my jeans to hold bare flesh. "As long as you're sure. I don't want you to feel pressured. I know it's a lot. Shit, it's a lot for me. I'm not really ready to take over for Dad. I've never really wanted to. I just want to build bikes and work Rescue Medic."

"Did you build this bike?"

"I restored it. It's a 1968 Triumph." He slipped his hands up my back and underneath my halter top.

The rumble of the engine between my thighs had made me sensitive, tingling and throbbing. And now that his hands were running on my flesh, I felt myself getting wet, needing him.

I wondered if we could balance like this on the bike while we...

Shane had the same idea. He tugged my shirt over my head, reached down to unzip my pants and helped me push them off. We were alone, with no people around for dozens of miles, but it was still exhilarating to be naked outside in broad daylight.

I unzipped Shane, slid his pants down past his hips and gathered his c**k in my hands, sliding my palms along his length, gasping as he slipped a finger inside me.

"You're so wet already," Shane said, kissing my throat, and then my lips.

"The bike helps," I said. "All the vibrating..."

There were no words then, just his hands pulling me up, his feet now braced against the footrests of the bike, his body pillowing mine, his arms holding me in place. I rested on his chest, my arms behind his head to provide a pillow for him. He reached down into his pants pocket and pulled out a condom, opened it and rolled it onto himself. I lifted up my hips, reached between us and guided him into me, pressing my lips against his chest as he filled me, stretched me.

I sank down until our hips were flush, and then stayed there for a moment, enjoying the feeling of his body inside mine, around mine. He held me tight, locked eyes with me, and then I lifted up and sank down, setting a slow, rolling rhythm. He held me, let me move on him, balancing us on the narrow seat of the motorcycle. Our lips met, clashed, pulsed and explored, and I gripped his hair in my fingers as I felt the fire spread from a dull ache between my thighs into wildfire throughout me, his breath and mine merging, his strength holding me up.

I moved faster, rising and sinking, holding his head in my hands and kissing him with desperate passion as I rose up into the throes of climax, pulling him with me, riding him with relentless abandon until he began to moved beneath me in his own climax. His motion risked our balance, though, and I pressed my lips to his ear.

"Stay still. Let me do it," I whispered.

He just nodded, and then held me with one hand across my bu**ocks and the other across my shoulders. I continued to move on him through this interaction, never slowing the pace, and I felt his muscles tense beneath me as he struggled to remain still. I watched his jaw tense, and the felt his arms turn to iron bands around my body, his washboard abs turn to rock, his thighs to tree trunks, and then his eyes rolled back in his head and he began to rumble deep in his chest.

I kept the rhythm quick, but not so fast we'd topple off, which forced us to draw out the fall into orgasm. Shane came first, clutching me hard enough to squeeze the breath out of me, and I slowed the pace then, sinking down onto him hard, lifting as far as I dared and then plunging down, and now I felt the tremors rock through me, starting as a quiver in my thighs.

The pounding rhythm of our joining hips drove me higher and higher, and now the edge was near, his climax pushing me over. His hot seed filled me and his body surrounded me and there were no more thoughts but the plunge of body into body, heat into heat, and I could barely support my own weight on his chest for the shuddering, rocketing thrill of orgasm climaxing through every cell of my body.

He held me tighter than ever, crushing me close, kissing me as I came.

We laid together on the bike for a few minutes longer, then we dressed and mounted the bike once more, the condom tied and slipped into a pocket to throw away later.

I had to cling even harder to him as we rode back to the house, my body still limp and trembling.

* * *

I clutched Shane's hand so hard my knuckles turned white.

We'd flown back to Detroit the next day in the Sorrenson's private jet, and we were now in a rented limo, Gerald driving, sitting in front of John's house. What had been my house. John was inside; I could see him at the window, watching.

"I'll go in with you, if you want," Shane said. "You know, present him with a united front."

I shook my head. "No. I'll be fine."

I leaned in and kissed him, deep, passionate. Desire flared, and for a moment I considered letting things turn into something else, right here in the back of the limo, just to get out of having to see John. Shane pulled away first.

"Later," he said, his voice a promise of passion in my ear. "Get this done and come back to me."

I opened the door and slid out. As I did, I glanced back at Shane. A flash of something like worry, or jealousy glinted in his eyes, then was buried. I smiled at him, shut the door, and made my way to the front door. I realized, as I rang the bell, that he was worried not just for me, but that I'd somehow decide to go back to John. I wished I'd taken a moment to reassure him I wouldn't, but it was too late.

John was opening the door and ushering me in. We stood in the foyer, awkward and tense. I could tell John wasn't sure if he should hug me or shake my hand. I didn't want to touch him, but I settled for a brief, awkward hug, done from a foot away, two pats on his back and then pulling away. He didn't want to let go.

I stepped into the living room, feeling a pang of something sharp. Nothing had changed. The couch we'd bought together, in the same spot. Our TV, our his and hers recliners, all the artwork I'd picked out at the Ann Arbor Art Fair, all the pictures of John and I together. He hadn't taken anything down, changed anything. As I moved hesitantly into the living room, I could see down the hallway to the master bedroom, and I could tell he hadn't changed anything in there either. Same comforter and duvet, same pictures in the same picture frames: me and John on a sailboat on a vacation to the Virgin Islands, at his cousin's wedding, another we'd taken from my phone at a bar just a month before I'd jumped out of his car.

John looked at me, licked his thin, pale lips. "Can I get you anything, Leo? Coffee? Tea?"

I stifled a sigh. I'd never drank tea in all the time he'd known me. "No, thanks, I'm fine."

"So...thanks for coming," John said, sitting in his recliner, the larger, darker one. "I would have met you somewhere, but since this is the only time you could meet me, and I have plans in a few minutes..."

I sat on the edge of the couch, clutching my purse. "It's fine. Look, I just...I guess I should apologize for running off the way I did. I should have...I don't know, handled it differently-"

John interrupted me. "Leo, no. I'm the one who's sorry. I was a jerk, all around. I never really treated you right, and I realize that now." He looked up at me, eyes wide and almost...hopeful. "I know things weren't...optimal, before, but if we could-"

"No, John. That's not going to happen. Not ever," I cut in, a bit harsh. "I'm only here because...honestly, because my mom said you'd called. She seemed to think you need closure or something."

"Closure?" John said it with a laugh, disbelieving. "Closure? She thinks I need closure?"

"Yes, John. Closure. Let's say it a few more times, just to make it less true."

I knew I was being bitchy, and he didn't quite deserve it, but I couldn't make myself stop.

"I don't want closure, Leo. I want you back."

"Not gonna happen."

"It was a stupid fight. We could have fixed it." He seemed to be trying to push down a lot of anger and a lot of hurt. Oddly, if he hadn't pushed it down, if he had expressed it, he might have had a better chance of getting through to me. "You never even told me if you were pregnant or not."

"No, I'm not. And it wasn't the fight. That's not why I left. The fight was what made me realize how...I don't know how to put it." The words that came to mind were harsh and ugly; I tried to reign them in, and failed. "The fight was made me realize how bored I was with us...with you. Sorry if that's harsh, but it's the truth. It wasn't just boredom, though. I was suffocating. You never react, you never...god, you never do anything. You...god, this isn't going anywhere. I'm just gonna end up being mean, and there's no point."

John seemed honestly stunned. "You were...bored? You flipped out and left me because you were bored? Seriously? We could have...I don't know, gone skydiving or something. Tried some bondage or...I don't know."

I laughed, hard. "Oh god, John. See? You completely miss the point. And I don't know how to explain it without being vicious. Skydiving? Bondage? We made love on a schedule. With the lights off. And you want to tie me up? You wouldn't know what to do with me if you did have me tied up, John. You'd do what you always did: stick it in and finish, then go to sleep."

John physically flinched at that, and I knew it'd gone too far. "I'm sorry. That was uncalled for. True, but uncalled for." I stood up and went to the door. "This isn't getting us anywhere. I'm done. We're done. We were done the moment I jumped out of the car and you were more worried about your stupid leather seats than me. Shit, we were done way before that, I just hadn't realized it. Apparently you still don't realize it. Good bye John."

"Wait, Leo-"

"Why? It's done, forever. Move on, find someone more suited to you. Rearrange, paint, get rid of the pictures of me. Get rid of my chair, our sheets, everything. Move on."

"But I...I can't, I don't know how." Oh god, he was turning pathetic. It hurt, it made me sick, and most of all, sad.

"Well, I don't know what else to say. I'm sorry." I opened the door and walked out, trying hard to ignore the stunned silence, and his game attempts to hide the hurt.

"Leo, please." Quiet, desperate, but still from the center of the room.

I decided to be brutally honest. "You know the biggest reason I walked out, then, and why I'm walking out now? It's because you're just standing there, waiting. Hoping. Begging, but not doing anything to change it." I turned and looked back at him. "You're nice, John. You're dependable. You're predictable. For some girls, that might be enough, that might be a good thing. It's just not enough for me."

I closed the door behind me, wanting to run towards the limo. I forced myself to walk, just because I knew John was watching.

I'd never been happier to see Shane. I slid into the car and moved as close to him as I could without actually sitting on his lap. He sensed my mood and kept silent till we got back to his condo.

When we were finally behind a closed door, alone together, I let go. I didn't cry, I screamed into a pillow and then threw it across the room.

"Went that well, huh?" Shane said.

"Yeah. That well. It was pathetic. He thought I was coming back, like...coming back. But he didn't do anything to try to make that happen-" I took Shane's hands in mine and stared up into his eyes, just to make my point clear. "Not that it would have worked, mind you. It was just...pathetic. I don't know how I didn't see it all the time I was with him. He actually begged."

Shane, to his credit, didn't show any sign of gloating. "Well, some guys just aren't..."

"Aren't you."

"Well that's not what I was going to say, but sure. I'll take that."

"What you would you do if we had a fight and I walked out?"

Shane thought for a while before answering. "I guess it depends. Sometimes a woman just needs time to cool off, and sometimes she needs to be chased after and convinced. Knowing which is the right choice in any given situation is the tricky part. I wouldn't just let you go, though. I'd fight to get you back. I wouldn't stop for anything. I'd give you time to cool off if that's what you needed, but I'd be back in your face as soon as I felt it was safe." He pulled me to him and wrapped his arms around my waist. "But I'd do my damndest to make sure that fight didn't happen in the first place."

I laughed. "Good luck with that. Making me mad isn't all that hard."

Shane just quirked an eyebrow. "Yeah, but there's a difference between making you mad and making you so angry you're ready to walk away. The one I can handle. The other, I couldn't."

I leaned into him, hearing what he wasn't quite saying. "No? Then I guess you'll just have to make sure I don't go anywhere, huh?"

"I guess I will." Shane pinioned my wrists behind my back in one of his powerful hands, pushed me tighter against his body so my curves were crushed against his angles.

I resisted, my eyes locked on his, wiggling my wrists to try and free them, but his grip was implacably, gently unbreakable. He smirked at me, took my chin in his index finger and thumb, lifted my face to his. I thrashed my arms and hands still, my eyes shining my amusement with this new game, this new struggle for power. I kissed him, still struggling against his fingers around my wrists.

He pushed me backward into his room, maneuvered me against the edge of the bed and then reached into his closet, yanked a tie from a hanger and tied my wrists behind my back. I sat down on the bed and waited, watched. He picked up a small black remote from the nightstand and clicked a button, turning on a stereo. A popular club dance song was playing, and Shane used the beat to start a dance, a sensual writhing of his hips and torso in front of me.

I let a smile curl my lips as he danced in front of me, slowly lifting his shirt over his head, moving up against me, rubbing his stomach in my face. I leaned forward and kissed his torso, bit him gently on the side. He moved away again, and unzipped his jeans, pushed them slowly down, kicked them at me, and then pushed his cotton-clad c**k hard against me. I took the waist band of his boxers in my teeth and tried to work his erection free, getting a taste of his skin as I pulled the cotton down with my teeth. He helped, pushing them away to pool at his ankles. He stood rooted to the spot as I licked his cock, tracing the groove just beneath the head, then drew him into my mouth. He let me bob a few times, then hissed and moved away.

"Not yet," he said.

He tugged me to my feet and knelt in front of me, untied my shoes and slipped them off, then my socks, and then reached up to unbutton my pants, unzip them and tug them down, kissing my thighs as they were revealed. My thong came next, tugged free in one smooth motion. It was odd being naked from the waist down; usually I undressed and dressed the other way, starting with my panties and putting my shirt on last. He ran his palms up my legs to cup my ass and pull me closer to him. He reached up and traced his middle finger along my wet, pink folds, dipped in, drew out, dipped in again. A third time he moved his fingers into me, and then he curled up and in to find my G-spot and stroked it in small circles.

I focused on the build up of sensation coming from his finger, and so found myself shocked when his tongue darted into me, spearing my clit and drawing a moan from me. I wanted to put my hands on his shoulders for support as he manipulated me with his tongue and finger, but I couldn't, all I could do was stand and hope I didn't collapse when I came, and I was so close, so close...

He licked me with a hungry, nimble tongue, stirred me into a fervor, and then explosions rocked through me and left me stumbling and buckling. He caught me, held me till I regained my equilibrium.

He unbuttoned my shirt, one button at a time, and let it fall down my arms to dangle from my tied wrists. My bra was front clasp, and he unsnapped it so it too fell away, and then I was naked in front of him, with him, his lips on my neck and then my br**sts, and I wanted to hold him, to feel him, to touch him.

He moved away, taking his warmth with him, and I mewled in protest. He laid down on his back on the bed and gestured to me. I crawled awkwardly onto the bed, and was caught by him again and set upright. He helped me crawl on top of him, his hands settling me onto his hips, and one of his hands clutched his cock, the other delved into my pu**y and guided him in. Then I was full with him, stretched wide as he pushed slowly into me, me with my wrists tied behind my back, unbalanced on him, held in place solely by his hands on my waist. I was forced to trust him, to rely on his strength to hold me in place.

I moved slowly at first, a tentative exploration of my range of balanced movement. Shane held my hips, lifted me, drew me back down. The sense of total dependency on him was exhilarating, intoxicating. I found my rhythm, lift and sink, lift and sink, back arched, filling with him and then pulling away and then plunging back down again. I began to forget that he was all that held me in balance, lost myself in the tidal wave of pleasure rocking through me, pulsing in me. I moved with abandon, trusting him now to hold me steady.

I felt the climax rise in him, felt it in his belly, felt it in his hands squeezing me harder as he thrust with ever more wild power. He came, and the feel of his release, the groan of my name, "Leo, god, Leo," drove me into paroxysms of delight. I burst apart, went limp as wave after wave hove through me, Shane's hands holding me upright and pulling me onto him, drawing every drop of ecstasy from me and from himself.

He whispered my name once more, and then untied me, but his warm, strong arms pinioned me just as close, just as implacably unbreakable.

I wouldn't have wanted it any other way.

* * *

I shifted in my seat, uncomfortable and impatient. Hands pulled at my hair, hands dabbed and brushed and penciled makeup on my face, hands taped my br**sts into a dress that was far more revealing than anything I'd ever worn before. None of the hands doing these things were mine. My hands were clasped on my lap. The hands attending me belonged to a team of stylists and makeup artists, flamboyant, perfectly dressed men, and elegant, perfectly dressed women, all instructed to make me beautiful.

When Virginia had swept into my room with these stylists in tow as I finished a shower, I'd protested and clutched my towel around me. There was a charity event tonight, and we were attending. It was a black-tie party, with a shocking number of A-list attendees. My knees were shaking, and I wasn't even at the party yet.

I'd insisted to Virginia that I could get myself ready, but she just arched an eyebrow and gestured, rather imperiously, at the waiting vanity chair.

"Darling, this is how we do things," Virginia said, gently but firmly sitting me down in the chair. "Yes, I'm sure you are perfectly capable of applying your makeup yourself, and doing your hair yourself. You're an adult after all, and a very lovely woman. But, you are about to attend a charity gala with some of the most famous people in the world, my dear. And for that, you must be looking your best. Javier is the best makeup artist in New York, and the others are equally as qualified. Once you have an artist do your makeup for you, trust me, you'll never want to do it yourself again."

I shrugged and settled back for what I expected to be a torturous experience. A dozen gowns of varying styles were paraded in front of me, and Virginia vetoed them all. Each one was lovelier than the last, and each one probably cost a small fortune. Or not so small. I was sure I'd seen several of the dresses on celebrities on the red carpet at various events.

Then it occurred to me that very shortly I would be the one on the red carpet, being photographed. Of course, my photograph wouldn't appear in OK or People, but still. Not that I wanted to be in magazines.

Eventually Virginia and the stylist decided on a knee-length dress scooped down to the small of my back and cut in around the sides, revealing a lot of waistline, navel, and ribcage. This was one of the dresses I'd seen in more than one "who wore it better?" feature. I was pretty sure they wore it better, but then, they were famous for a reason.

I felt naked wearing it, but at the same time, it was exhilarating and sexy. I felt like a seductress, with the fabric wrapped across my hips and stretched over my br**sts. While the hair and makeup people fiddled with me, Virginia scurried away, saying she had to get something. She came back after a few minutes with a string of age-polished pearls.

"These are a family heirloom," Virginia said, draping them around my neck. "They were my great-, great-, great-grandmother's. I wore them to my first black-tie gala with Henry, and Shane's sister wore them to her first. We like to think they bring us good luck. Plus, antique pearls are always in fashion."

They were beautiful, complimenting the jade-green dress perfectly. "They're amazing, thank you so much," I said, running my fingers on the pearls.

The stylists finished with me, and I strapped on a pair of four-inch heels and left the room to find Shane. I found him in front of a mirror in another bedroom, tying a necktie. I felt Shane's eyes on me in the mirror, devouring my barely-concealed curves.

He slid the tie up against his neck and then turned to pull me against him in a fierce, possessive hold. "I'm not sure I want anyone else to see you looking so sexy," he growled. "I don't want to have to fight anyone off. You might leave me for some famous actor."

I rolled my eyes at him. "Not likely, Mr. Sorrenson."

"You don't know how those guys are, Miss Larkin. They can be very persistent."

I ran my hands up his Armani-clad chest. "Then you'll just have to make sure you don't leave me alone for too long."

He rumbled again, and slid his palms along the exposed flesh of my sides, and then kissed me. "Don't even joke," he said. "You're mine."

I widened my eyes at the blatant possessiveness. "Yours?" I wasn't sure how I felt about that.

Part of me wanted to protest, and the other part felt desire moisten the folds of my sex. The fire in his eyes, the barely-controlled lust fanned the flames of desire within me, and the need to protest being claimed evaporated.

"Yes," he said, crushing me against his chest. "Mine."

"Well then," I said, batting my eyelashes at him, "If I'm yours, what are you going to do with me?"

"With the way you're looking in that dress...we'd never get to the party."

Virginia spoke up behind us. "We don't have time for nonsense, children. Gerald is waiting with the Bentley."

She shooed us out of the room and bustled away to find Henry.

Shane threaded his fingers through mine, bent and whispered in my ear, "Later, my sexy little lion. Just you wait."

I faked a breathy moan and nuzzled my face into his shoulder. "Promise?"

He just rumbled in laughter, amused and threatening. My belly roiled in anticipation.

Champagne was waiting in the limo, and it helped settle my nerves as we approached the drop-off line, but it didn't help the fluttering in my belly. Minutes passed in mostly-comfortable silence, interspersed with business talk between Shane and Henry. Then the door to the limo was being opened and cameras were flashing and a hand was lifting me from the car, questions were shouted at me, my name called from a dozen different directions. I kept a calm smile on my face and tried not to look like a deer caught in headlights. Shane was last to get out of the car, and then he was clutching my hand and leading me up the red carpet to that odd half-wall where we stood and posed for photographs, turning this way and that.

All the while, Shane murmured encouragement to me without breaking his smile. "Turn and smile, good...now the other way...ignore the questions and just smile...now we walk again..."

The questions were endless, some absurdly personal. They wanted to know who I was, how long we'd been together, if we were getting married, if we had kids, how we'd met...Shane ignored them all, not even offering a "no comment," just acting as if he didn't even hear them. I followed along, smiling, standing close against Shane's side and trying to convince myself that this was all actually happening, especially when a well-known actress a few years younger than me appeared at my side, flirting with Shane as she posed casually for her own pictures.

It seemed to be harmless flirting, as she then turned her charm on me and had me laughing at a joke about paparazzi. I'd just watched a movie she was in a few weeks ago, and now here I was, laughing with her. I resisted the urge to pinch myself.

Flutes of white wine appeared in our hands, and Shane dragged me through the crowd, smiling, nodding at people he knew, which seemed to be just about everyone. Everywhere I looked there was a familiar, famous face, impossibly real. I shook hands with producers and actors, composers and rockstars, and they all seemed to know Shane.

At one point, when we found ourselves in fairly secluded corner, I turned to Shane. "I thought you were reclusive, that you didn't like publicity?"

He shrugged. "I don't, really. It's part of the job, at this point, though."

"Then how do all these people know you?"

He laughed. "They know me, doesn't mean I know them. I mean, yeah, I know who they are, in that they're household names, but I don't personally know many of them. Me taking over dad's position is a big deal in the media world. I'll be funding a lot of the movies these people will be a part of, so it's their business to know who I am."

That made sense. I glanced up at him, watching him scan the crowd. For a moment, despite the bright lights and the wine and the Armani suit he was wearing, I saw the ex-Marine, the man who'd shielded me from gunfire in a bombed-out Sudanese building. He eyed the crowd as if assessing potential threats, identifying exit routes, cover locations. Even his stance spoke of readiness, muscles loose and coiled like wound springs.

An actor came over, looking older than I'd imagined him to be, a certain blond also named Leo. We chatted, and he flirted with me, eyeing me openly and glancing at Shane as if wondering how he could get me alone. Shane managed to glare while smiling and tightened his hold on my hand. I found myself realizing that Leo was just as breathtaking in person as he was on screen, and twice as charming, but somehow, despite his fame and beauty, he didn't make my stomach flutter like Shane did.

When we were alone again, Shane looked down at me. "So, what do you think?"

"About what?"

He gestured at the sea of icons. "All this. Them."

I shrugged, as nonchalant as I could manage. I was suitably star-stuck, of course, but he didn't need to know that. "It's funny you ask. I was just thinking that none of these men make me feel how you do."

"Really? How's that?"

"Beautiful," I said. "Sexy. Desired."

"I'm sure half the guys in this room-the straight half-would like nothing more than to get you alone for five minutes."

"That may well be, but there's only one man here who will get me alone."

Shane's eyes narrowed and his eyes flashed. "Keep talking like that and I'll drag you into a bathroom right now."

I felt a familiar heat wash through me, followed by the recklessness that Shane seemed to inspire. "I dare you."

Shane lifted an eyebrow. "Dare me to what?"

"Drag me to a bathroom."

Shane laughed, a little too loudly, then pitched his voice low so only I could hear. "You're daring me? Seriously?" He glanced around, looking for an exit. "Leo, the auction's going to start any minute."

I shrugged, a lazy roll of my shoulder. "Well...if you're not up for it, then I guess I can wait." I leaned up to whisper in his ear. "But Shane...I'm so horny. I don't want to wait."

Shane's eyes darkened dangerously. "You know everyone in this room is watching us, right? And you want me to take you into a bathroom and...what? Pin you up against a wall?"

I met his gaze steadily. "It doesn't have to be a bathroom."

"Goddamn it, Leo," Shane growled. "You're going to get us in trouble."

He tugged me into a walk, weaving our way through the crowd toward a red-lit exit sign, stopping to chat here and there, snagging more wine for each of us along the way. I sipped my wine and followed meekly, pretending my thighs weren't trembling, pretending I wasn't feeling nerves and desire flame through me. The exit led to a hallway, and we drifted past a bank of elevators to a wide glass door, beyond which was a darkened office. Shane produced a ring of keys from a pocket and sorted through them until he found the one he was looking for, then unlocked the door in front of us.

He glanced down at me. "Dad owns this entire building. I have keys for every floor." He pulled down a shadowed hallway and past doorway after doorway, looking into each one. "I remember seeing a nice corner office with a couch somewhere around here...ah, here it is."

The office was mammoth, overlooking Manhattan with its endless lights like topaz jewels and the lines of traffic coiling in red-and-white lines. It was dark, lit only by the open window. There was a desk with a monitor in one corner and a phone opposite, a pair of chairs in front of the desk, a potted plant dominating one corner of the room, and a deep, dark leather couch along one wall. Shane closed the door and locked it, then turned to me, pinning me with hungry eyes.

I sauntered toward him, swaying my hips, reaching for him. Our lips met, the banked fire low in my belly blazed to life, and my hands developed a mind of their own as our tongues explored each other. His suit coat came off, draped across a chair, and then his pants opened, and then I had his hot, hard c**k in my hands, greedily stroking him, pulling him toward me. I turned him around and shoved him against the couch so he sat down on it. He shimmied his pants lower and tugged me toward him, brushing the hem of my skirt up. I straddled him, and he pushed the string of my thong aside, then stopped.

"What? What are you waiting for?" I asked.

He didn't answer, but dug in the pocket of his pants, producing the foil packet of a condom. "Less clean up."

I took it from him, ripped it open with my teeth and rolled the latex onto his shaft. Kneeling on the couch, I lifted up, guided him to my entrance and sank down onto him. Shane exhaled a groan as he filled me, his hands around my waist and skimming up to caress my br**sts, rocking his hips to plunge into me.

"God, Leo, you're so tight. You feel so good." Shane whispered in my ear, hands grazing my body, pulling me down, lifting me up, caressing and holding and nipping with his teeth.

I snaked my arms around his neck, buried my face where his shoulder met his throat and pulsed my hips above him, driving him deep, gasping his name. Tremors shuddered in my belly, set my thighs to quivering. Every thrust of his c**k into me sent me higher, jellied my muscles and stole my breath until all I could do was hold to him and let him rock into me.

"Yes, Shane, harder. I'm so close, god..."

I felt a shriek bubbling up in my throat as I neared climax, and I knew I couldn't let it free, but it was there in my mouth and escaping. I bit his shoulder and screamed, the sound muffled by his shirt and his flesh. I was on the edge, teetering, waiting, not falling over into climax yet, and I knew I wouldn't, couldn't, not until he came with me.

"Come with me, Shane," I gasped. "I can't until you do. Give it to me..."

"Yes, right now...right...god...now..." Shane stuttered, thrusting into me, clutching me hard against him, his mouth in my cle**age and groaning as he came, came, came.

I watched him as he climaxed, watched his eyes roll back and his features tighten in pleasure, and then, as he drove into me ever harder, finally then I toppled gloriously into orgasm with him, my breath coming in shrill whimpers against his cheek, our bodies moving in synchronization.

We went still after an eternity of gasping, trembling ecstasy. Shane held himself at the root, keeping the condom in place as I slipped off of him, feeling the loss of his presence within me as an acute ache. I didn't want to leave him, I wanted to lay with him inside me until he hardened again.

As if sensing my thoughts, Shane kissed me, and said, "Later, sweetheart. This was just a taste."

He tied the condom in a knot, and we straightened our clothes, then left the office. Shane ducked into a bathroom to discard the evidence and fix his mussed hair.

The charity auction was in progress when we entered, and Virginia eyed us in irritation as we took our seats next to her and Henry. She lifted an eyebrow at us.

Shane leaned over me to whisper to his mother. "Leo was feeling overwhelmed. We snuck out for a breath of air."

Virginia smirked and nodded, as if she knew better, but she didn't say anything else.

There were all kinds of things up for auction, costumes worn on set by actors in attendance, signed instruments, sets of jewelry, high-end cars, even an island home in the Carribbean. Millions of dollars were being spent as if nothing. My breath caught when Shane lifted his hand to bid on a sapphire necklace, worth an ungodly amount of money retail, and was being bid on at sums that left me dizzy. He ended up in a bidding war with an older man, who went as high as ten million dollars, and then bowed out when Shane upped the ante with an offer of fifteen.

Even Virginia seemed surprised by Shane's extravagance.

"What are you doing?" I whispered to him.

"Buying you a necklace," he whispered back.

"For fifteen million dollars?"

"I'll make it back by the end of the year. Besides, it's all going to charity."

I shook my head, unable to fathom the kind of money he'd just spent without blinking.

The necklace was put in a locked briefcase held by Gerald for the rest of the night, which passed in blur of too much wine and hors d'oeuvres. I met what seemed to be half of Hollywood, most of the rock and pop world, and dozens of other behind-the-scenes people, producers and directors and models and their dates, some famous in their own right, and other unknowns like me. I eventually grew accustomed to turning around and nearly bumping into someone I'd seen in a dozen movies.

The party didn't disburse until the wee hours of the night. Henry and Virginia were already in the limo waiting when Shane and I climbed in. Virginia fell asleep before we'd even made it out of the pick-up line. I wasn't far behind, but I could feel Shane next to me, feel his fingers on my knee wanting to drift higher, feel his eyes raking over me.

Later, he'd promised. I was suddenly not so tired.

The necklace was sitting on a table in Shane's room, shimmering against a pillow of black velvet. He crossed the room and lifted the necklace with careful fingers, turned to me, a smile tipping his lips.

"Take your dress off," he said.

I slid the dress off and draped it over a chair, and then turned back to Shane, clad in only a thong.

"That too," he said. "And the pearls."

I set the pearls on the velvet pillow where the sapphire necklace had been, and then stripped the panties off so I was completely bare. Shane circled around me, set the necklace on my chest and clasped it under my hair.

Standing in front of me again, Shane simply gazed at me, then whispered, almost to himself rather than to me, "God, you're so beautiful."

The way he was looking at me, the way he reached a hand out to trace down my cheek, to my shoulder, then to the heavy curve of my breast...it was different than the other times. He'd always touched me gently, hungrily, appreciatively, in a way that made me feel beautiful. This was...reverent, almost hesitant, delicate. As if seeing me for the first time...or seeing me with eyes that had come to accept something.

I didn't pursue that line of thinking. I let him look, let him touch. He dragged his fingertips across every inch of my skin, from face to waist, shoulder blades to calves, kneeling in front of me, standing behind me, palms sliding, eyes devouring, lips kissing.

He moved to kneel in front of me, and I knew what he had in mind, so I stopped him.

"My turn," I said.

I pushed his jacket off his broad, thick shoulders and set it aside, then unbuttoned his shirt, one button at a time, watching his eyes all the while. Sparks had always flown between us, our eyes had always met in a way that communicated as much as a thousand words, but again, this night, for some unfathomable reason, this night was different. His eyes seemed to shimmer with a million unspoken thoughts, shadowed with potent emotions. I couldn't parse the tangle in his gaze, and didn't try. I knew, by now, that he'd tell me when he was ready.

I slid his shirt off next, and spent an eternity paying lip service to his skin, the bulky muscles of his torso, touching, kissing, worshipping. He stood as I had, stone-still and absorbing every look, every kiss, every touch.

I moved to his pants next, unbuckling the narrow black leather belt, unclasping the pants, unzipping them with aching slowness, drawing them down, then his boxer-briefs so he was naked in front of me. I kissed and touched every portion of his lower half, next, except the obvious, except his manhood. I cupped the solid globes of his ass, the thick trunks of his legs, his belly to either side of his cock, his hips, his thighs.

The curtains were open, letting in silver light from the full moon. We stood naked in front of each other, bathed in a pool of molten silver. The light caught the giant sapphire of the necklace and was refracted around in the room in glinting glimmers.

Shane wrapped his arms beneath my bu**ocks and lifted me up. I slipped my legs around his thighs and my arms around his neck. Our lips met in the same moment that he penetrated me, tongue stealing into my mouth even as his manhood slipped into my warm, wet folds. We gasped together, and then he lifted me, his palms on my bu**ocks, my legs resting on his hipbones to lever me higher. I held myself up, drawing him almost out, our eyes locked together and shimmering with anticipation of the downward plunge.

I moaned as I sank down onto him, letting my weight droop lower so he throbbed deeper and deeper until there was no farther he could go. His strength was the root of my pleasure, vulnerable to his power in this position, held aloft by his arms. I tangled my fingers in his hair, kissed everywhere I could reach as he slowly rocked his hips to pull out and plunge in.

We found a pattern, then, a rhythm: plunge, and I kissed his throat; plunge, and I kissed his lips; plunge, and I kissed his shoulder.

Always before with Shane orgasms had come quickly and easily, drawn from me one after another. Now, again, it was different. His thrusts were slow, hard, and deep, and the pressure in my inner muscles built slowly, a gradual burgeoning toward inexorable detonation. Shane's breathing was coming harder, his muscles beginning to tremble as he held me aloft. We were inches from the bed, but he refused to put me down, and I didn't suggest it. He continued to course into me, and I continued to explore his upper body with kisses at every motion.

Finally he moved backward and sank down on the edge of the bed, then toppled backward with me on top of him. Now, riding him, the pressure built more quickly within me, each roll of my hips driving me onward, upward, closer to the edge. Shane felt the increase of my rhythm and knew I was close; he pulled my hips down with his hands, took my nipple in his mouth and suckled, nipped, moved to the other. His fingers left my hips and moved to the joining of our bodies, sought the soft button of my clit and circled it, pushing me past climax into thrashing abandon. His lips were on one nipple, his fingers rolling another, his other finger working slow circles around my clit, his c**k driving deep, his muscles beneath me...he was everywhere, around me, in me, beneath me.

I came, hard and seeing stars, and then came again.

And still he rocked beneath me, hard, thick, unspent.

I rolled off of him and moved to my hands and knees. He slid up behind me, touched my entrance with the tip of his cock, hesitated, then pushed into me, sighing in pleasure. I rolled back into him, rocking on my hands and knees, pushing his rhythm faster, harder, more. He gasped my name, over and over, a prayer.

I didn't think I would come again, I had thought this would be for him, but he drove into me and I gasped and felt the pressure building once again, fire leaping through my blood and blossoming in my sex, and now our motion was a desperate clash of bodies as we neared climax together, a furious onslaught of passion.

"Give it to me, Shane," I said, as he began to climax, "don't hold back...give it all to me."

"Oh god, Leo, yes...all of it, only for you..." And then he exploded, a shuddering groan, and a dozen thrusts within me, each with a spill of hot seed splashing into me, filling me, completing my own orgasm with a clench of muscles around his rigid, pulsing cock.

He folded over me, held to me, trembling, thrusting in small shuddering aftershocks. He kissed my spine, slid palms against my sides, held the dangling weight of my br**sts in his hands.

He was still semi-rigid within me as we fell to our sides. I pushed my ass back into him, wanting more of him, wanting him to stay within me. I squeezed my inner muscles around him, and he thrust into me. This wasn't about sex anymore, wasn't about climax anymore; now it was just about the pure joy of being filled by him, of our bodies joined. We drifted, his body spooned against mine, and I woke to the rhythmic soughing of his sleeping breath, and his c**k hard within me.

It was instinctual, my mind half asleep, my body awake and filled and wanting. I moved, a slight roll of my hips, and he, even sleeping, responded, moaning muzzily. His hand was on my hip, and now I heard his breathing change and his hand drifted up to cup my breast, and he pushed into me, pushed into me, and I pushed back, and then we were desperate once more, moving in synchronized need. Full and deep, harder and faster, his breath on my back, his fingers on my nipple, and then he rolled onto his back with me on top of him, sliding up so he was on a slight incline against the headboard, all of my weight on his body, his knees drawn up next to mine, and oh god, oh god, he'd never, never filled me so fully as this. My arms wrapped around his knees and I pulled, released, pulled, released, driving him so deep I thought he might sink all the way within me and disappear, and my muscles were trembling but I kept going, pushed through it, need his fullness more than ever. As much as I'd had him in the last few days, I couldn't get enough, couldn't be filled without wanting and needing more and more and more.

We came together, in the same moment, a groaning symphony of ecstasy.

This time, when we were finished and limp, Shane got up and brought a towel and cleaned me, gentle and thorough.

We slept again, tangled together.

* * *

I woke to Shane's lips on mine, soft and tender and hesitant. He waited until I'd rubbed the sleep from my eyes and gazed up at him with wondering eyes. His expression was that of a man about to say something important.

I waited, my heart in my throat.

"I'm so in love with you, Leo," he said.

There it was, out in the open, spoken in so many words.

"Shane..." I wanted to say it back, but I stalled.

The only time John had ever said the words, 'I love you' was when he'd proposed. My response hadn't been an enthusiastic, 'Oh John, I love you too.' No, what I'd said was, "me too." We'd been together for over two years when he'd proposed, and told me he loved me. I think he'd only said it because he figured I expected it.

Now here was Shane, telling me loved me. He wasn't proposing, I didn't think. Although I could come up with far less romantic ways of proposing than in the afterglow of mind-blowing sex, that's for sure.

If I told Shane I loved him, it was crossing a line, within myself. Love. Seems simple: you have sex with a man, you spend time with him, you learn about his faults and peccadilloes and dreams, and you think about him when you're away from him, and your lives gradually merge until they're all tangled up. Love.

But, now, with Shane, I was finding something else. It started as lust, as adventure. I'd slept with him, thinking I'd go my way the next day and chalk it up as one wild night with a hot, exotic stranger as a rebound from breaking up (rather dramatically) with John. But...that hadn't happened. It had turned into a complete upheaval of my life, of my expectations for my future...and then I'd just kept going along with him and with the insanity of events. And now, in his family's home, after meeting his mother and father and brothers and realizing I felt a sense of belonging with him, and with them, and wanting to stay with Shane and share his future, even though I barely knew him...

I started sobbing.

Shane held me, didn't shush me or ask questions, just held me tight and kissed my tears away until they subsided.

After I'd quieted, he said, "Too soon?"

I shook my head. "No, it's not that. You've slipped a few times, like you'd almost said you loved me, but stopped yourself. But...knowing, or at least suspecting you did, that's one thing. Hearing you say it, that's another. I don't-I don't know how to deal with it. With everything. Sudan, your family, and now you tell me you love me? It's all so much."

"Why is it a big deal, though? After everything we've been through since we met, how could I not have fallen in love with you?" Shane lifted up on an elbow and stroked my skin from thigh to breast and back down. "And if you're willing to stay with me, to go public with me, then...don't you feel the same way?"

I nodded, a tiny inclination of my head. "Yeah. I do. But, like I said, knowing it and saying it is different. Saying it makes it...I don't know...more real. More permanent."

"Maybe that's how I want it," Shane said. "I don't want to let you go. I've said several times now that I'd take you back to Detroit, if you wanted to go. I'd take care of you. I mean, I'd find you a place to live, on your own. Now that you know I'm...well off, financially, you know buying you a little condo wouldn't be anything to me. I wouldn't even notice it, money-wise. And...If that's what you want, I'll do it. But to be honest, the thought of you going home, I mean back to Detroit, alone...that scares me. Not seeing you again...scares me. I want you here. I want you...period."

"I wouldn't let you buy me a condo, Shane. Sure, you could probably buy me an entire condo building and not feel it, but...I wouldn't let you." I took a deep breath and forced myself to face up to how I felt, and say it out loud. "I'm not going anywhere, Shane. I love you, too."

My heart was pounding, rabbiting a mile a minute. It felt crazy to be telling him I loved him, but...I did. I didn't want to go back to Detroit. Twelve-hour shifts at the hospital, and then back to an apartment, alone? No. Detroit wasn't home. Shane was home.

"Thank god," Shane breathed.

I felt him firming up against my thigh, his manhood hardening as he gazed down at me, his hands roving my body hungrily now. I touched him, caressed him, stroked him, took him in my hands and played with him until he was hard in my palms.

I put my hand on his neck and pulled him over me. "Make love to me, Shane."

He smiled and moved into me, kissed me as he pushed into me and filled me. It was slow and delicious, an embrace made intimate and erotic and sensual and perfect, no end to me or beginning to him, no disparate selves, only an expression of one self, one love made flesh.

When we climaxed, it was a song sung in harmony.

THE END

BIKER BILLIONAIRE: SANCTUARY

"Close your eyes," Shane instructed.

I was sitting at the kitchen counter in Shane's and my Manhattan condo, sipping coffee and watching the drab gray clouds roll over the city. It was barely six in the morning, and I was awake because Shane was. We'd been living together for roughly six months at this point, and I'd come to find out, within a week of moving in with him, that Shane was a habitually early riser. The latest he'd ever woken up in all the time I've known him was seven.

I turned to look at him over my shoulder, but he clapped his palm over my eyes.

"Close your eyes, Leo," he said again. "I have a surprise for you."

I sighed dramatically, more to irritate him than anything. Shane's surprises tended to be dramatic. The last time he'd surprised me, it had been to show me our condo, which was...impressive. It was an entire floor of a high-rise in the Tribeca area, near the top of the building with panoramic views of the city through floor-to-ceiling windows. It was palatial, extravagant in an understated-beauty sort of way. Tasteful pastels with pops of brighter colors, dark furniture and light walls, custom-made recycled wood floors and marble counters and black-and-white photographs on unframed canvas on the walls. The photography was courtesy of his brother Jon, who, judging by the photographs, was quite talented.

I felt Shane wrap something around my head. "What are you doing?" I asked.

"Blindfolding you."

"I got that part. But why?"

Shane chuckled, a low rumble from his chest. He lifted me to my feet and turned me in circles until I was dizzy and disoriented.

"Seriously, Shane. What's going on?"

He didn't answer. He led me by the hands through our condo, and I heard our front door open. Once through, he stopped me, closed it, and then turned me down our hallway.

"I haven't finished my coffee yet, you jerk. I'll be cranky if I don't. Just a fair warning." I knew better than to protest at this point, though, or to ask any more questions.

"I've got coffee waiting for you. Don't worry, my love. I have it all covered." Shane's voice was both tender and amused.

I never tired of hearing Shane use terms of endearment with me. My heart melted every time he called me his love, or sweetheart, or any number of sweet, silly things like that.

I heard an elevator car ding, and we stepped onto it. I felt the walls close in, the sudden echo of our breathing in a smaller space, and then my stomach lifted as we went down. To the garage, then, I assumed. The elevator door whooshed open and I heard the echo of tires in the distance, and an engine idling nearby. From the smooth, low purr of the engine, I guessed it to be the Mercedes.

When Shane and I had moved in, he'd finally bought a real car. Until then, he'd only owned motorcycles and an old, beat up Range Rover. I'd told him I loved motorcycles, but I wouldn't ride one in the winter. He'd gotten rid of the Rover and surprised me with the Mercedes Benz CL600. He was giddy when he showed it to me, blindfolding me, dragging me down into the garage in my bare feet and a robe, rambling about twelve cylinders this and turbo that. It was a beautiful car, and I loved riding in it, when Gerald drove, and I loved driving it myself even more. Shane had claimed he had wanted me to have something nice and safe to drive. I think he just liked having someone to spend his ridiculous fortune on.

I would have been perfectly content with the Range Rover, but I did really like the Mercedes.

I heard a car door open, and Gerald's voice said, "Mr. Sorrenson, Miss Larkin. Everything is arranged, sir."

"Thanks, Gerald," Shane said.

Shane's hand pushed my head down and I slid into the car. Shane buckled me, then got in next to me. I felt him put a hot paper cup in my hands, and I smelled coffee. I found the opening, sipped cautiously. It was blazing hot, and doctored exactly how I like it, light cream, heavy sugar.

You know your man loves you when he knows how you like your coffee.

I was burning with curiosity by this point. He was taking me somewhere, obviously, but I couldn't begin to guess what he could surprise me with that would require a trip. As we drove farther and farther, the car twisting and stopping, and finally getting onto a freeway, I began to understand that this was a big surprise. He was nervous. I could feel his feet tapping, and his fingers drummed a rhythm on my thigh until I made him stop.

"We're not going to be anywhere public, are we?" I asked. "I'm not dressed. I don't even have a bra on." I was in a pair of ratty old cutoff sweat shorts and a tank top.

"No, not before you've had a chance to change," Shane said.

"And you won't tell me where we're going?"

"Are you kidding? No way. I will say that we have a pretty long trip ahead of us."

I frowned. "Do I have to be blindfolded for all of it?"

Shane laughed. "No, not all of it. I'll take your blindfold off later."

Eventually Shane had Gerald put on music, and we drove in companionable silence, listening to Muse's newest album in its entirety. Eventually we pulled to a stop and Gerald got out, opened my door and helped me out. Shane took my hands in his and pulled me into a walk.

We were outside, and I heard the deafening whine of jet engines.

"We're going on a plane?" I asked.

"I told you, we have a long trip."

"Why did I have to be blindfolded, then? You could have just told me to come with you and not told me where we were going."

Shane laughed and helped me up the steps into the plane. "But this is more fun." He leaned close to my ear and whispered, "Besides, I have plans for the blindfold."

I reached behind and groped for him, found his thigh and explored inward until I reached his crotch, and squeezed the thick bulge of his c**k behind his jeans.

"I'll bet you do," I said. "And you'd better, dragging me away at this time of the morning."

He sat me down, strapped me in, and then I heard him sit down and buckle up before taking my hand again. The engine spooled up and after a few minutes I felt them ramp up again, and then I was pushed back into my seat and my stomach fell away as we lifted into the sky. A few more minutes of lift, and then we leveled off. Shane unbuckled me, tugged me to my feet, and led me toward the back of the plane. If this was his plane, there was a bedroom there. I'm normally too cranky in the morning to be horny, but something about being blindfolded for so long had me sensitive and aroused.

A door opened and then closed behind me. The engines were a distant, muffled whine beyond the confines of the jet. Shane had stopped me and left me standing, and now I was left blindfolded and wondering what he was going to do next. I could smell him, clean and freshly-showered, faint coffee breath, cologne; I heard his breathing, a foot or so to my right, rustling sounds as of clothes moving.

Lips touched my jaw just beneath my ear, a hot breath and moist lips. I gasped at the sudden kiss, felt myself go from damp between my thighs to wet and aching. I braced myself for another kiss, waited...waited...wondering where he'd kiss me next. I stood with my arms at my sides, head tipped back on my shoulders. I heard his breathing move behind me, heard the pad of his feet on the floor. A kiss on my shoulder, another an inch down, a third farther yet, then a pause and nip with his teeth on my neck.

My breathing was growing ragged with anticipation, my thighs trembling. He kissed my chin, and then my forehead. I reached for him, wanting to pull him in for a kiss, but he laughed and moved out of my reach. He bit my chest above the scoop of my tank top, then kissed where he'd bitten.

His scent came from my left and I lunged in that direction, arms wide. I crashed into him, wrapped my arms around him, pressed my lips to the first skin I could find. Stubble under my lips told me I'd found his face, and I lifted my hands to him, touched him, explored him by feel. Stubble of day-old beard smoothed into bare skin and then rose up into his nose, then down to his upper lip. I traced the curve of his upper lip, sandpaper under my fingertips, the small bump of his septum, then his opposite cheek, rough again, down to his jaw and his chin. I pressed my lips to his, finding them by feel, missing at first and kissing slantwise across his lips, off-center. He huffed a laugh and tangled his fist into my hair to pull me into a kiss, slow and scorching.

The kiss ended all too soon, with him pulling away and out of reach. He grabbed me by the shoulders and spun me around, dizzying me. I laughed and tried to stop myself from spinning, but he was too strong, too insistent. He let me go and I fought for balance, wobbled, stumbled a step sideways. I felt a burst of panic, not knowing where I was in the room or what I'd hit if I fell, but Shane's powerful hands caught me, righted me, held me still.

I felt the breeze of his body moving past mine, followed by his scent. I turned in place, trying to follow him, but I lost him. I felt a finger brush up my arm, then down the other, spreading goose-bumps over my skin. Another brush of a finger, this time across the back of my neck, followed by lips at the nape, then across my shoulders.

He paused, then, not touching, not kissing, not even breathing. I couldn't smell him either, and I was tingling all over with anticipation of the next place he'd kiss me.

Two fingers snagged the elastic of my shorts and panties and dragged them both down. It was a split-second thing. One moment I was clothed, the next I was naked from the waist down. I stepped out of them and waited.

A touch around one thigh, from the outside in. My knees trembled and I hoped he'd drag the finger upward...but then the touch was gone, leaving my skin aching for him. His palm grazed my ass, a slow circle around one cheek, up the curve of my back and down again, cupping the globe and holding it. His hand kept up its attention to my ass and he added his lips to the hollow at my throat. Another palm, now, on the front of my thigh and moving inexorably upward, upward...I held my breath and parted my legs, hoping he would finally finish the game and touch me, delve into me.

A single finger slid up the crease of my labia, and now his lips moved down, between my br**sts. His palm curled over my sex, holding it, his mouth slipped sideways toward my nipple. I was still holding my breath, unable to breathe, waiting. My belly fluttered, my skin burning as his hands roved me, sliding up from my ass to curve around my ribcage, lifting the weight of the breast he wasn't kissing.

He nibbled one nipple, pinched the other, and dipped his finger into my cleft to circle my clit, all at the same time. Three points of sinful, sexual contact, long awaited, all at the same instant? I came, hard. I curled into myself, my knees giving out. Shane caught me, lifted me, set me on the bed.

He settled between my thighs, and now I felt his hard length probing my entrance, his muscular bulk above me. I clutched his c**k in a greedy hand, stroked him, caressed the tip of him before guiding him into me with a sigh of sweet relief and delicious pleasure. He drove in to the hilt and I wrapped my legs around his back, hooked my toes around each other to hold on, thrust my hips against his to get him deeper, clung to his neck, bit his shoulder.

He kissed my cheek and drove in, kissed my chin and pulled away, tugged my face up to kiss my lips and plunged deep again. I was still shuddering from my first orgasm, and now with every gliding slip of his shaft into me I drew nearer to the edge of a second climax. He was moving slowly, deliberately, drawing it out. I growled against his skin, a feral sound of frustration, and pushed him over onto his back.

It was a clumsy maneuver and he slipped out of me. I mewled in irritation, lifted up astride him, groped for his manhood and pushed him back where he belonged, hilt-deep, hips flush.

He laughed. "Impatient much?"

I rode him, sitting straight and rocking my hips in a fast, desperate rhythm. "You're taking too long. I want it now." I braced myself on his stomach and moved, rocked, rode. I couldn't see him, could only feel him, and now I focused all my attention on feeling him fill me, move within me.

"Come with me, Shane," I panted.

His scent filled my nostrils, male sweat, shampoo, cologne, all layered over something else indefinable and elusive and totally Shane.

I lost myself in sensation then: his hard, angular body beneath me, his muscles moving, pectorals flexing beneath my palms as he reached for me, his hips rotating as he matched my rhythm, his breath sighing louder and faster, sweat beading on his skin, turning him slippery and hot to the touch; his c**k inside me, silk-on-steel stretching my inner muscles, hardness gliding through me, a brief aching absence as he pulled out, and then a delectable fullness as he moved into me, my depths crying out in ecstasy as he impaled me, our hips and bellies meeting in a brief union of skin.

I collapsed on top of him and wrapped my arms beneath his head. I pressed my lips to his, mouth quivering as I rose to climax. His hands tangled in my hair, brushed my neck, slipped down the knobs of my spine. His fingers caressed the curve of my rolling bu**ocks and held there, moving me and encouraging me faster, harder.

I freed a hand and lifted the blindfold, sight returning in blinding rush, and then his eyes pierced into mine, soft, tender, hypnotic gray-green and so full of love.

We came together, a burst of climax burgeoning in intensity until all time, all emotion, all sensation was gone, lost in the swirling storm of united ecstasy. Our eyes were locked together, our bodies moving in unison, sweat commingling, breath merging in a stuttering kiss. Self was gone, identity was gone. I was no longer I, Shane was no longer Shane. There was only an endless us.

It didn't end, only faded so gradually we were unaware of rolling to our sides to hold each other in a tangle of joined flesh. Eventually thoughts returned, but we didn't need words.

* * *

The jet landed with a thump and squeal of tires. The blindfold had been left off for the rest of the flight, but now that we were landing, Shane stood behind me and tied the strip of cloth around my eyes once more. I was wearing a skimpy bikini, with a gauzy sarong around my waist, barefoot. Shane had slathered sun block all over me and insisted I wear a ridiculous, wide-brimmed hat. We were somewhere hot and sunny, probably tropical. The Caribbean, judging by the length of the flight.

When the jet rolled to a stop and the door opened, Shane led me carefully down the steps, calling out each step as I descended until we reached level ground. The cool, processed air of the private jet was replaced by a heavy wash of tropical heat, sun beating down on me.

Another plane was waiting nearby, a prop plane. I heard the propellers buzzing a few feet to my left, and then I was suddenly lifted into the air by Shane's hands, set into the echoing interior. Shane was behind me, moving me, sitting me down into a seat and buckling me in and setting a pair of earphones on my head.

"Are we almost there? I'm tired of being blindfolded," I said, hearing my voice in my own ears.

Shane laughed. "Complaints, complaints," he said, patting my leg. "Yes, one more quick ride and then we're there."

There wasn't much need for conversation, then, as we flew. Fifteen, maybe twenty minutes passed, and then I felt the plane bank, tilt down, my stomach rising into my throat, and then we leveled off. There was a splash and a roar, and I realized we were landing on the water, making this a seaplane.

We coasted to a rolling stop, and Shane pulled my blindfold off. I blinked and squinted at the sudden assault of sunlight. When I could see, I realized we were stopped just off the shore of a tropical island. The water to every side was clear cerulean, rippling and glinting. The sky matched the color of the sea, spotted with occasional tufts of cotton clouds.

The seaplane's engine shut off and the silence was deafening for a moment, soon replaced by the soft susurrus of the ocean's rollicking waves, the chuck and lap of water against the floats, sea birds cawing in the distance. I smelled engine oil, brine, clear, hot air, and Shane.

I turned my attention to the island. It was small, the sides curving away visibly, even from where we sat, twenty or thirty feet away. It was green with tropical foliage, white sand rimming the outside, a dock jutting out into the pale blue of shallow water. I caught glimpses of wood and glass on the crest of the hill at the center.

I looked at Shane, the question in my eyes.

He grinned at me, a huge, joyful, boyish smile. "Welcome home."

I looked back at the island. "Home?"

Shane pushed the door of the seaplane open, hopped down into the water, which came to his knees. He was wearing bright red and white board shorts and nothing else. He held his hand out, and I took it, let him lift me down next to him. The water was cold at first, then grew warmer as my body adjusted.

Shane gestured to the island. "This is Leona's Isle. It belongs to you."

My breath hitched. "What? What do you mean? How can an island belong to me?"

"I set up a bank account in your name a few months ago, put some money into it. And then, when I found this little island, I bought it in your name. You signed the deed when we were doing all that insurance paperwork a few weeks ago. I slipped it in and you signed it, none the wiser." Shane grinned again and pulled me into a slow walk through the water toward the island.

"So...this island is really yours, then." I said.

Shane shook his head. "After the initial purchase of the title to the island, all control over the funds in that account was turned over to you. I can't touch it. It's yours. This island is in your name, Leona Larkin, with the proviso that if we ever get married, we could change it to your married name, if you chose to take mine."

My head was spinning. "Shane...are you kidding me?" I stopped in the water and turned to face him. "How much are we talking about?"

Shane frowned thoughtfully. "How much was the island? Or how much is in the account?"

"Yes."

Shane chuckled. "The island is a gift to you, so I'm not telling how much I paid. The account has...six million? Something like that. Just a little nest egg for you." He shrugged, trying to act nonchalant. "If anything ever happened between us, and we weren't together, you would have your own money. You wouldn't have to go back to Detroit, or wherever. You could do what you wanted. And before you ask, no, it's not up for discussion. I can't touch the account anymore. I can't access it, find out the balance, withdraw or transfer, nothing. My name appears nowhere on the account at all."

My eyes burned. I wasn't sure what to say. "Shane, I-"

He interrupted me with a kiss. "Shush." The kiss turned from sweet and loving to molten in an instant.

Shane pulled away first, tugged me toward the island, my island. I shook my head at the thought.

I owned an island.

The water level retreated until we were sloshing up onto the hot white sand of the beach. There was a path through the jungle foliage, wide, flat round stones paving the way up the hill, trees arching overhead to filter the sun in shifting bursts of green.

We strolled hand in hand up the path, birds of all kinds cawing and chirping around us. The path curved away to the right, and when we rounded the bend a house came into view. It was a single-story structure, built into the island to fit between the trees and to conform to the contours of the central hill. It wasn't an intrusive structure, ugly and extravagant. It was lovely, a natural extension of the island, glass walls that slid away to make all four sides open to the air. It was a multi-level, rambling building, sprawling across the entire crown of the island and descending down around the apron of the hill.

Shane led me through a pair of wide French doors at the bottom of the house and into an airy, spacious foyer. I recognized the entryway I had designed myself, from a magazine. There was a round, brass-framed sunburst mirror on one wall, an eccentric, dangling-crystal chandelier on the ceiling, Spanish-style mosaic tiles underfoot.

"Everything is exactly how you designed it," Shane said, leading me from room to room. "Remember all those 'hypothetical discussions' about how you would design and decorate a house?"

I remembered. When we first moved in to our condo, I was a little irritated that I hadn't had any say in how it was decorated or anything, so Shane had then spent every night before bed for weeks grilling me on how I'd decorate my house. He'd shown me magazine after magazine with kitchens, bathrooms, bedrooms, living rooms...making me choose what I liked the best. He'd said he was just making notes for later, eventually.

He swept an arm at the house in general. "Every tile you chose, every mirror and light fixture, every stick of furniture. The only things I chose were little things, door knobs and cabinet handles and things like that. It's all state of the art, completely green. Central computer system, accessible from every room, controlling the lights, the water, the ambient temperature. The computer can even close the doorwalls at a touch of a button. Tankless water heater, with the water drawn from the ocean, processed and purified and recycled through a closed loop system."

He sounded proud of this house, and with good reason. It was incredible. And as he'd said, I recognized everything as what I'd picked out. It all worked perfectly together, modern and sleek, yet warm and homey at the same time.

There were several bedrooms, each a separate pod on one side of the house, accessible from a central hallway that ringed the hill, with the kitchen and main living area a level above those bedrooms. At the very top was the master bedroom, crowning the hill with a view of the entire island from four open walls, complete with storm shutters.

He led me into the master bedroom, which was, in a word, stunning. The bed was nestled against a wall, curving into a nook, so that we had views of island on three sides, with the closets and en suite bathroom behind the bed. A deck ran around the walls on all four sides, with a table and chairs in a secluded corner overlooking the hill, with a view of the beach and the rippling blue sea beyond.

I don't think I breathed through the entire tour. Eventually, Shane sat down with me at the little round table on our deck.

"There's another building just out of sight on the back side of the island, where the staff lives. There's another path leading to it, lit by automatic tiki torches at night. There's a third path to the dock and the boathouse." Shane took my hands in his and pinned me with an intent, serious gaze. "This is yours, Leo. Whatever happens, this is all yours. The staff that upkeeps the place, including a personal chef, the seaplane and pilot-available in a moment's notice, at a single phone call-the boat in the boathouse, all of it is yours."

My eyes burned again, and now the tears defied my efforts to choke them back. Shane wasn't given to displays like this. He hated being ostentatious with his wealth. His condo in Royal Oak, Michigan was small, and understated. Even the condo in New York was fairly simple by the standards of the wealthy in Manhattan. This...this was overwhelming. And the fact that it was all mine, not ours, not his, but mine...

I couldn't handle it. I shook my head, unable to speak.

"Shane...why? Why all this?"

"Because I love you. Because you deserve the best." He wiped the tears from my eyes with a thumb. "Now, save your tears, because I have one last thing to show you."

I took a few long, shuddering breaths, calming myself by effort of will. When I was ready, Shane took me by the hand and led me down a set of stairs from the deck to a path in the jungle.

"This is a private path," Shane explained, "accessible only from our deck. It leads to my favorite part of the island."

The path was paved with stones, lined with a handrail on either side and torches at intervals, so that it would be lit at night. The path descended the hill and wound around the side. I oriented myself by the house, and figured that we were on the west side of the island, with the dock and the front door at the south, the boathouse on the east, and the staff quarters at the north.

The path cut under the hill so the bulk of the island rose above us, the water now mere feet to our left, trees waving tall and green above us, the diamond-glinting expanse of the Caribbean everywhere around us. The path curved away from the island to a tiny isthmus, a narrow spit of land off the main. On it was a gazebo, crafted to fit the dimensions of the isthmus, accessible only by the path, built from the same dark wood as the house. A padded bench ran around the circumference, with a brazier in the center.

"I've been calling this The Sanctuary," Shane said, as we sat on the bench.

The constant Caribbean sea breeze ruffled our hair, the scent of brine gentle on the wind, the sun low on the horizon, bathing us in soft orange light.

"The Sanctuary," I repeated. It was perfect. It was peaceful, a place of absolute solitude. "It's amazing. This is all...just amazing."

Shane gazed at me. "You really like it?"

"I never want to leave."

Shane brushed my cheek with his palm. "You don't have to. I can work from here, most of the time. I've set things up with the board. I'll have to make trips back to the States every so often, of course, but most of my work can be done from here. This island has internet access and satellite TV, so I can attend meetings via the internet. Plus, there's enough extra bedrooms so my parents and yours, plus all our siblings could all stay here with us. "

I kept quiet, waiting for him to make his real point. He was leading up to something.

Shane swallowed, hard, his eyes suddenly betraying nerves. I hadn't seen him show nerves even once, not when under gunfire in Sudan, not when facing the board of directors or the press, or celebrities. He was nervous. Why?

He reached over to one of the benches, lifted the padded seat, revealing a hidden storage space. I couldn't see from my angle, but whatever he picked up was small enough to fit into his palm. He turned back to me, took both my hands in his.

My eyes suddenly burned, and my heart palpitated wildly in my chest.

Shane slipped off the bench to one knee in front of me. He lifted his hand, revealing a small black box, open. Nestled in the black velvet was a simple platinum band with a round-cut diamond the size of my thumbnail.

"Leo...will you marry me?" His voice wavered, caught at the end.

His hand was trembling, his eyes betraying a welter of emotions, hope, fear, nerves, and above all, love, pure and unadulterated adoration.

I couldn't speak, couldn't even nod. I was crying, soft silent tears slipping down my cheeks. I moved off the bench to kneel in front of him. I put my hand to his face, cupping the rough stubble in my shaking palm. I drew a deep, shuddering breath and found my voice.

"Yes, Shane. I love you, so much."

Shane's breath expelled in a relieved burst and his head slumped for a moment. When he looked at me again, his eyes were shining, wet with unshed tears. He slipped the ring onto my finger, then pressed his lips to mine in a slow, fiery kiss that stole my breath in one moment, and gave it back in the next.

We stood up together, the huge orange Caribbean sun setting beside us. His arms wrapped around me, my face burrowed against his chest, hearing his heart beating a steady, reassuring beat, in sync with mine, contentment and completion washing through me.

The End

