"Leo, I'm sorry," John said.

I rolled my eyes and huffed. "Whatever, John. You say that, and then what? Okay, you're sorry. I forgive you. But what does that fix? Nothing. Just leave me alone. Take me home."

"Please, baby. I can do better. I'll change."

"Yeah. Heard that too. Just last week, in fact." I stared out the window of John's VW Golf, watching the suburban side-streets flicker past, rain-drenched and gray and dull.

Like my life.

"Well what the hell do you want me to do? I said I'll do better, I said I'd change. And I will. I promise. Haven't I always fixed things before?"

I didn't want to answer that question, so I didn't. I toyed with the half-carat ring on my finger, placed there a month ago. Four long, painful weeks, in which we'd argued more than we'd kissed, f**ked in anger more than we'd made love, ignored each other more than we'd gone on dates.

"Come on, baby. Please, talk to me." John put his hand on my leg, and I brushed it off.

"What is there to say? We've gone in circles, John. Yes, you're right. We fight about something, and I tell you the problem, and you fix it, as best you can. I recognize that, and it's great. The problem is, there's always problems. If it's not one thing, it's another."

"People have problems, Leo," John said. "Couples have problems. We can work it out."

Again, I didn't want to answer. The only response was one that would lead to more arguing, more break-ups. We'd broken up four times in the three years we'd been together, the last time less than a week before John proposed. He'd proposed as an apology, and it had been pretty romantic, and had led to some pretty spectacular sex. By spectacular, I mean he'd fingered me first, so I'd actually had an orgasm, and he hadn't fallen asleep right away afterwards. We'd actually gone a second time, which we hadn't in months. It was that second time that had me worried.

I was late. Yeah...Aunt Flow was running a few days behind, and I was like clockwork usually, so I was in a bit of panic. I hadn't taken a test yet, and I certainly hadn't told John. Kids were a hot button with him; he didn't want a kid for a few years after we'd been married, he maintained. I wanted them sooner...or at least I had thought I did. Now, with the way things were going with John, the idea of actually having a baby with him scared the ever-loving shit out of me. I was not ready to be tied to John forever, and I wasn't ready to be a mother yet. I wasn't sure which of those two was the more imperative not-ready.

Now, the words were bubbling on my tongue. I owed it to John to tell him. I was cranky and touchy about everything since I'd first realized I was late, and I was taking it out on him. It wasn't exactly fair, even though he had been a royal dick earlier, leading to our current argument. We'd been out on a nice date, all dressed up with reservations to my favorite restaurant, a bottle of not-the-cheapest-kind wine, some good conversation in which I'd been briefly reminded why I loved John. He'd been charming and funny, and he was pretty hot, in a boy-next-door way-which was how I'd met him. He was my next door neighbor at my downtown condo. He was, literally, the almost-sexy boy next door.

But then, in the midst of an inane section of conversation, I'd mentioned my latest diet and exercise regimen, and he'd made some stupid, snarky comment about how it was "actually working this time."

What did that mean? A natural question to ask, of course, right? Oh...oh, baby, I'm sorry, that just came out wrong, I just meant you were looking thinner and fitter recently is all...

His comment helped so much of course. So much I'd slapped him and walked out.

Now, don't get me wrong: I'm not a petite, pixie little thing, size zero with A-cups that seem like B's next to a toothpick frame. I'm a woman with a body. I'm five-eight and half, size never-you-mind but not a zero. I've got an ass that wants to absorb more of my food than I'd like, and a pair of tits that tends to draw attention even when I wear loose clothing. John always said this was what he loved about me, that I'm a real woman, not a model-thin girl with no assets. But then that comment drew into question all those claims.

I'd catch him looking, of course. Men look at the women around them; they're visual creatures. I get that and allow him some leeway, as long as he's not ogling and doing double takes. But that comment: "it's actually working this time," God, it just made me think. My brain whirred on overdrive all the way home, clicking through memories of the girls he tended to look at when we were out. They were thin, svelte, he'd call them. Little nubbin tits and no booty. Expensive clothes, platinum blonde hair, blingy jewelry, all that.

I'm not that girl. Curly blonde hair that doesn't like to cooperate, and I don't like a lot of bling. A tasteful necklace to offset my outfit, which isn't expensive since I'm not exactly rolling in money working as an ER nurse, and neither is John managing a bank.

So, yeah, I was questioning his attraction to me, and thus my own value as an object of attraction. Plus, it was just a dick remark.

John pulled the car to a stop at a red light, and I felt the words bubbling up. I tried to stop them, but they came out anyway.

"I think I might be pregnant."

John was silent, but I watched his knuckles tighten on the steering wheel, and the corners of his mouth flatten out and turn down. His pale blue eyes narrowed, and he sighed, almost imperceptibly, but not quite.

"You think?" His voice was carefully neutral.

Which only pissed me off. Okay, yeah, I didn't want to be pregnant, but where did he get off being mad about it? This was how John got mad: quiet, carefully neutral, always in control, just the narrow eyes and tight knuckles and subtle frown.

"I'm almost a week late. Not for sure, but it's possible. I haven't taken a test or anything, but I'm never late."

He didn't look at me, didn't respond, just carefully accelerated through the green light, a practical man driving a practical car carefully.

"Well, should we take a test, then? Just make sure?" John pulled the gearshifter into second, still looking straight ahead.

"I guess," I said. "We can stop at CVS on the way home."

He just nodded. And that was when I lost it.

"That's it? No reaction?" I wasn't yelling yet, but I was winding up to it. "You're just gonna be all practical? Calm? Say something, damn it!"

John looked at me, a raised eyebrow his only expression of surprise. "What do you want me to say? You are or you aren't. We don't know yet, so there's no sense panicking."

"Would you panic, if I was?"

He shrugged; yes, that was his reaction. A shrug.

"You wouldn't, would you?" Definitely yelling now; my voice was filling the tiny car. "You would just carry on, practical and calm and...goddamn it, so f**king boring! You wouldn't be happy about it, you wouldn't be mad. You'd just deal with it and move on. God, I'm so sick of your motherfucking practicality! Be extreme about something! React, for once!"

"Leo, you know how I feel about you swearing so much," he said, as calm and unflappable as ever.

I wanted him to be flappable, just once. My mouth opened to swear, or curse, and then something inside me just stopped. Time went gloopy and I saw us, five years from now. We'd have a little girl, pleasant looking and nice, and John would come home from the bank, and we'd be pleasant, and we'd have our pleasant house, and our pleasant flat-screen TV, not too big, and our little dog, not too big, not too yappy, just right. Then, in ten years...the girl would be older, joined by one more, a boy, just as nice and well-behaved, and the TV would be new, but the same. And the dog would be the same, nice and calm and practical, and John too, through it all, would be nice, and calm, and pleasant, and he'd have his hair, thinning maybe, gray maybe, and he'd be still trim and slim and we'd have sex every Saturday, maybe Sunday morning every once in awhile.

I nearly vomited.

John carefully pulled the car to a stop at a red light, and I was shaking, my stomach in my throat, and I couldn't help seeing John as he'd been in ten years, in my mind: the same, just older. And me, the same, just older. Unexcited. And our life: predictable and pleasant.

I pulled the ring off my finger and tossed it on the dash, grabbed my clutch purse, my precious Coach bag, the one nice thing I own, and I got out of the car, in the pouring, sluicing rain. In my heels. I ran out into traffic as the light turned green, and cars honked, and John yelled calmly for me to come back.

I swear to f**king god, John is the only man capable of yelling calmly.

I just gave him the finger, thumb out, Detroit-style. I kept running, made it to the sidewalk and kept going, running blind through the cold, pelting rain. Something snapped beneath my feet and I stumbled, tripped, and fell to the ground, slapping the rough concrete with my hands, ripping my dress. I whimpered and sat down on my butt, splashing into a puddle. I looked at my hands and saw that I'd cut up the heels of my hands on the sidewalk, and my knees were bleeding. My heel had snapped, causing to me to trip. My Coach purse, my two hundred and fifty dollar Coach purse was lying submerged in a puddle on the grass next to the sidewalk, a muddy bog. Rain beat down on my head, my hands and knees throbbed, and my left wrist started to ache, and my purse was ruined and all my things in it wet, which meant my cell phone was ruined, my uninsured, one-year old iPhone. I heard a car pull up next to me, and a window hum open a few inches.

"Get in, Leo," John said. "You're hurt and wet. Get in and I'll take you home. I don't know what got into you. You'll catch pneumonia."

I stood up, expecting John to be next to me, helping me. Was he? Nope. He was sitting in the car, rummaging in the back seat for a towel to lay down on his leather upholstery. He had shoved the door open from the inside.

I stared, open-mouthed. He couldn't even get out of the car to help me? Nice.

"What are you waiting for?" John asked. "Get in! My leather is getting wet."

I laughed, shaking my head. "You are unbelievable."

I kicked off my heels and left them in the puddle. I bent down to pick up my purse, slipped in the mud and fell again, splashing mud all over my face and the rest of my dress, which was now completely soaked and sticking to my skin. I choked back a sob as I stood up, wobbling, clutching my purse under an arm and holding my now-throbbing wrist.

"Leona, don't be an idiot. Get in."

I started walking, refusing to let the tears burning my eyes fall. Not in front of John. He'd just hand me a tissue and wait for me stop crying, like he always did.

"Fuck off, John. We're done."

"Where are you going to go? We're five miles from home, it's raining, you're hurt, and you're walking in the wrong direction." John wasn't pleading, or getting out to beg me, or force me to do the sensible thing; he trundled next to me in his little VW Golf and spoke to me, calmly, through the cracked window. Cracked, so rain didn't ruin his leather.

I turned to him, not stopping my barefoot slapping across the sidewalk. "What do you care? Go away and leave me the f**k alone!"

"You don't need to curse at me, Leona. Fine, then. Have it your way."

Did I mention I thought I might be pregnant? And he just drove away, leaving me there.

Dick.

I stomped through the puddles and the mud, getting wetter and wetter, my curly hair flattened against my scalp, slicked to my cheeks and my forehead. When John was out of sight, I let myself cry. It was a long, sobbing, eye-burning and vision-blurring bawl, chest heaving, sobs ripping from me. I kept walking, though.

I didn't pay any attention as a gut-rumbling Harley drifted slowly past me, except to wonder what kind of a lunatic would be riding a Harley in this weather. I didn't pay any attention, just kept stomping, sobbing, staring at my feet and cursing all men, John in particular. Therefore, I also didn't notice when the Harley pulled into the apron of a driveway and stopped. I didn't notice as the rider got off and stood in front of his bike, waiting.

I walked right into him.

He was huge, solid, and sopping wet. He smelled of wet leather, a smell that seemed to have a tangy taste on the tip of my tongue. I stumbled backward, and he caught me, powerful hands catching my arms and holding me steady. I looked up and nearly gasped as the brightest pair of gray-green eyes I'd ever seen bored into me, full of sympathy and concern and something awfully like lust. It couldn't be lust, though, or at least not for me. Not sopping wet, bleeding, sobbing, and angry.

He was wearing a leather biker jacket, sewn with punk rock patches and HOGS chapter patches and skulls and iron crosses and all the indecipherable things bikers patch onto their jackets. His jeans were tight, black, and expensive looking, as were his shit-kicker boots, spikes on the toes and silver buckles and studs. His ears were pierced along the lobes, little studs and crosses and a tiny diamond in each lobe. He had rings on his fingers, thick metal things with more iron crosses and skulls and metal band sigils. His hair was thick, black, and plastered to his forehead. His eyes, though.

Good god. They burned, and they sparkled, and they glinted, and they did things no man's eyes should do. Not in the rain, and especially not looking at me. Me, a girl who's diet was "actually working this time."

His hands were warm and clammy on my bare skin, and he still hadn't let go, even though I was openly ogling him. He had tattoos on the backs of his fingers, running across each finger except the thumbs; the tattoo would have read Semper Fi if he put his fists together.

He was a Marine, then, or an ex-Marine. He certainly looked the part. He was well over six feet tall, broad as a brick wall, shoulders and arms that looked mammoth even through his leather jacket. He exuded danger, pure male testosterone and power, coiled strength and deadly confidence.

And all he was doing was standing there, holding me by the arms.

"Are you okay, ma'am?" His voice was deep and smooth, reminding me of Josh Turner when he crooned the low notes.

Shut up. I like country music, so what?

I shook my head, hair slapping against my neck. "Do I look okay?"

I wasn't sobbing anymore, as he'd startled me out of my tears. I was still gasping in near hyperventilation though. His mouth quirked and straightened.

"I guess you don't. You look...upset. And wet."

"Very observant of you."

He was still holding my arms, as if I was in danger of falling over still. I might have been, actually. Especially if he kept those fiery eyes on me much longer. He was meeting my gaze steadily, but I could tell it took effort. My dress was pressed against my skin all over, and it was nearly translucent now that it was wet, which was a factor I hadn't considered when I bought it. My body was clearly displayed, leaving nothing to the imagination except the color of my flesh, and this man was trying hard, and succeeding, to not look at me.

I appreciated the effort, even as I found myself liking the idea of being ogled for once.

"Well, would you like a ride somewhere?" He asked, jerking a thumb at his bike.

I used the opportunity of his hand releasing my arm to step back, but his other hand was still clamped down on my right arm, firm and gentle and unrelenting. I stopped pulling away and stood in front of him. I should have demanded he release me, but I didn't.

Then I wondered what he'd do if I did demand.

"Let go of my arm, please," I said.

He let go immediately, and I found myself regretting the experiment. His hand had been warm and felt good on my arm.

"You're gonna get sick, ma'am," the biker said. "Why don't you let me take you somewhere. I'll behave, I promise. I'll just drop you off and that's it. I won't even ask for your number."

I hesitated. He looked dangerous, even though his eyes belied the notion that he'd hurt me. Plus, he'd let go as if burned the moment I said 'let go'. He'd released me before I got the word 'please.'

"I'm just being nice, okay?"

"I probably shouldn't. I've never been on a motorcycle before, and I don't know you," I said. They were flimsy excuses neither of us believed. "I'll be fine, but thanks."

"Oh, come on," he said, exasperated. "You're bleeding. Your wrist looks swollen, you don't have any shoes, and it's raining cats and dogs. Let me take you somewhere, please."

"It's not safe," I said, my last excuse to my more cautious nature.

"What's not, me or the bike?" He sounded offended.

I sighed, realizing he thought I was judging him by his appearance. And you know what? I was.

"Both," I said. "But you're right. Thank you, I would love a ride."

"You don't think I'm safe, do you?" His eyes narrowed, and he seemed to suddenly exude a sense of threat. I wasn't afraid, but I got the feeling you didn't want this man mad at you.

"No, I don't," I said. "You're a biker. You have spikes on your boots and tattoos on your fingers. You might take me to a warehouse and do god knows what to me."

I was moving toward the bike as I spoke, and he was smothering a grin.

"Well, you're mostly right. Except I don't know where any warehouses are." He sat on the Harley and turned the key but didn't start it yet.

"What about the doing god knows what part?" I asked as I swung my leg over the bike behind him.

He grabbed my wrists and pulled them tight around his waist. He was hard as a mountain and twice as big. His abs were like ribbed concrete under my hands. I let my fingers splay and my palms press against him, enjoying far too much the feel of his muscles.

"Well," he said, grinning at me over his shoulder, "I just might do god knows what, but only if you want me to."

He started the bike with a throaty roar, cutting off any response I might have given. He backed the bike up and twisted the accelerator so we jumped forward, the engine roaring and the tires skidding on the wet road. The rumble was deafening, vibrating up my legs and to my gut. It made certain portions of my feminine anatomy tingle in a way that was somewhere between uncomfortable and delightful.

We passed through the intersection where I'd jumped out of John's car, but we hadn't gotten another mile when we passed John's Golf coming back toward us. Apparently he'd thought better of leaving me there. Too late for him.

He saw me on the bike and actually jerked the car into a highly impractical and illegal U-turn. He pulled up next to the bike and pointed a finger at the side of the road, indicating he wanted us to pull over. My new biker friend turned to look askance at me. I nodded and he pulled into a McDonald's parking lot.

John squealed to a stop and I found myself amused that he was driving like a maniac all of a sudden, now that I was with another man. Again, the thought that ran through my mind was too little, too late.

"What are you doing, Leo?" John asked, slightly hysterical, for John.

He was standing beside me, reaching for my arm. I pulled away and he dropped his arm to his side.

"Getting a ride," I answered, using the same calm tone he always used on me.

"Getting a ride? Getting a ride where? And with him?"

My friend-whose name I didn't know, I realized-rumbled in his chest like a bear. "Watch it, punk," he growled.

John paled and backed up against his car. "What are you doing, Leo? What's going on?"

I sighed and wiped rain off my face. My friend just sat impassively, listening and not responding.

"John, I told you. We're done. There's nothing you can say or do, not anymore."

John's eyes wavered and he stepped toward me again, grabbed my arm and tried to pull me off the bike. "Why? We can fix this, honey! Come on, get off this bike and let's go home."

I jerked my arm free, and John grabbed it again, pulling me off balance. Biker growled again and swung his fist, connecting with John's chin. It was a lazy, slow, almost casual punch, but it sent John flying to tumble onto his ass.

"Get your hands off the girl," Biker said. "She's not going with you. You had your chance and you clearly f**ked that up. If I see you bothering her again, I'll wreck you."

John nodded his head numbly, fearful. Biker squealed his tire, spinning the back of the bike around in an arc, splattering John with mud and rain. We pulled out into traffic and Biker guided the bike with a care and a precision that surprised me. He had done the thing with the tire to scare John, but he was in fact a very careful driver, if only because I was on the bike and it was raining.

I hadn't told him where to go, but he was riding as if he had a destination in mind. I clutched his belly and let him ride, content to be taken somewhere. It might have been foolish, but for once I was making decisions that weren't responsible or careful.

He took us to condominium building in downtown Royal Oak, parked in the underground garage. He took my hand as I swung my leg over, and then caught me when I stumbled. My feet hurt, suddenly, throbbing, and my legs were jelly from the vibration of the Harley's engine. He pulled me up and I found myself leaning against his chest and looking up at his gray-green eyes.

I shivered, whether from being cold and wet or from the heat of his gaze, I wasn't sure.

"God, I'm so sorry," Biker said, ripping his coat off and draping it over my shoulder. "You must be freezing! I should have given you my coat when you got on."

He seemed truly chagrined, and I felt a little safer yet. His jacket draped down to my thighs, and it was warm from his body. I huddled into it, grateful, and somewhat turned on by the smell of it around me: sweat, wet leather, cologne.

Biker took my hand and tugged me toward the elevator. "Come on, let's get you dry."

I pulled back and he stopped. "Wait a second. Where are we?"

"My condo. I figured if that little punk was saying he wanted to go home that you lived with him, and that you wouldn't want to go back there just yet."

"That little punk is my fiance," I said. I wasn't at all sure what my point was, or why I was saying it.

His mouth quirked up again, and his eyebrow lifted, an arch expression of wry contempt. "Not anymore," he said.

I shrugged. "That's true. And he is a little punk."

I stepped toward Biker, and he turned into me, looking down at me with an expression that I once again couldn't read.

"I'll take you somewhere else, if you're not comfortable here," he offered, then ruined the moment with a sly smile. "I mean, if you're afraid, that is."

I stepped even closer, and now I was nearly pressed against him. My heart was pounding at my own bravado. I'd seen how strong he was; he'd knocked John flying, and John was a tiny little nerd. He just wasn't anything like this leather-clad warrior in front of me.

"I'm not afraid. I just don't go home with men when I don't know their name."

"When do you go home with men?"

"With men like you? Never."

His eyes narrowed. "Men like me?"

"Yeah, men like you. In fact, I've never gone home with a man." I inched even closer, and now my head was level with his shoulders, my eyes tipped up to look at him through my lashes. "But then, I dumped John because I needed a change. So, here we are."

"Men like me?" He asked again. He was really hung up on this "men like him" thing.

"Oh relax," I said. "I was teasing."

"Sure you were," he rumbled.

He pulled me into a walk again, leading me toward the elevator. I let him get me in front of the silver doors before I pulled my hand free.

"You haven't told me your name," I said.

"Shane Sorrenson." He was looking down at me again, and his eyes were boring holes in mine.

"Well, Shane, we can go in now. Thank you." I turned to the elevator and waited.

He hadn't pushed the button yet, which I knew. He grunted in something like amusement mixed with frustration, and punched the call button with his thumb.

"You haven't told me your name," he said.

"Leona Larkin."

"Leo," Shane said.

"Yep. Leo. I haven't gone by Leona since I was five. I always thought it sounded like a grandma's name."

Shane chuckled. "Yeah, it kind of does. Leo." He looked down at me as the elevator opened. "Like a lioness. Are you a lioness, Leo?"

Now that was an unmistakable flirt, if I ever heard one. I still wasn't quite sure why a man like this would flirt with me, plain-Jane me with my now-frizz bomb hair.

I summoned my courage and flirted back. "You never know. I just might be. Better watch out, Shane Sorrenson."

We stepped onto the elevator and the doors closed, leaving us alone in the ascending car. Shane turned to me, growling like the lion he was calling me. He grabbed my arms in his thick, callused hands, pushed me against the back of the elevator and pressed his hard body against me. He had an erection through his jeans, and it was a hard bulge against my belly. I gasped, suddenly trapped between the man and the elevator wall.

He kissed me. I expected it when his eyes went hooded and he moved towards me like a predator slinking through the grass. I wasn't expecting it to be soft, sensual, and slow. He claimed my mouth with his, not hesitant but giving me a chance to push him away. His lips were moving on mine, and his tongue was searching for mine, and I couldn't have stopped kissing him for anything.

My knees buckled and I was suddenly wet between my legs, a dampness that had nothing to do with the rain or my sopping dress. He sensed the trembling in my knees and scooped me up in his arms, holding me easily, not breaking the kiss for even a moment.

"Put me down," I whispered into his mouth. "I'm too heavy. You'll hurt your back."

He just snorted, an amused breath of air from his nose, smiling against my lips. He didn't answer, just carried me out of the elevator and down a long hallway toward a door at the end. I wrapped my arms around his neck and held on, giggling. I'd never in my life been carried like this. I kissed his jaw, suddenly daring, and then his neck where his T-shirt touched his neck, and then his chin. He dipped his mouth down to cover mine and I was lost in his arm and his kiss.

He set me down, dug in the pocket of his jacket for a set of keys. He opened the door, kicked it open and picked me up again. He carried me into the condo, and I caught glimpses of white walls with tasteful paintings, a leather couch and loveseat, a huge TV on the wall, a fireplace, and then I was being laid down on a feathersoft bed, his weight on me, his lips on mine, on my throat and down between my br**sts.

I had a moment of shock at my own behavior, but then I pushed it away. I liked this man. I liked kissing him. I liked the fact that he was dangerous and a complete stranger. I'd never slept with anyone but John, and I'd certainly never done anything like this. I felt wanton and sensual and reckless and I loved it.

I wrapped my arms and legs around him and kissed him with all I had, and I felt his erection bulging against his jeans and into my belly. I felt a crazy impulse to unzip his jeans and touch him.

I hesitated, still kissing him, and then moved my hand between us. He lifted up to give me access.

And then I sneezed. Of course, I never sneeze just once; it's always at least three. This time, it was four, convulsion after convulsion, and I barely managed to turn my head aside so I didn't sneeze in his face. And then I started coughing and shivering. I wanted him, though, I wanted to carry through with my licentious compulsion to touch his penis.

Shane cursed fluently and got off me. "God, I'm such a dick," he said, "You've probably got pneumonia and here I am groping you."

He scooped me up again, lifting me up with effortless grace and taking me to the en suite bathroom. Compared to the one in my condo, this was a palace, all shiny marble and stainless steel. He set me on the bathtub and started the shower.

I watched him, hungry for him. He was in a soaked T-shirt, plain black fabric stretched across a torso that was totally, ridiculously, absurdly muscular. His jeans were tight around his ass, and he was still erect against his zipper. I told myself I shouldn't be here, I shouldn't be doing this with a man I knew nothing about.

But why not? Why shouldn't I do this? There was nothing holding me back, was there? A little niggling thought hit me, reminding me of my late monthly visitor, but I pushed it away, telling myself it was just stress making me late.

I stood up and unzipped my dress, waiting for him to turn around from adjusting the water temperature. He saw me standing, the dress hanging off my shoulders, and his eyes widened. I pulled one arm out of the strap, and then the other, and the filmy green dress fell to the floor, leaving me standing cold and clad in only matching red lace bra and panties and a serious case of goosebumps.

I'd worn the matching set in hopes that the date with John would lead to hot sex, and now I was glad, because here was sex itself, six foot four and built like a Greek god.

I met his eyes, swallowed my nerves, and reached behind me to unhook the bra, one eyelet at a time. I slipped it off my shoulders and held it out to him by a finger. He took it in a clenched fist, not moving toward me. He'd gotten harder and bigger yet, and I licked my lips, wanting nothing more than to unzip him and see if he matched the vision in my head. I pushed the strings of my thong down around my hips, wiggling out of the panties. I bent down, picked them up, and handed them to Shane, who took them with a trembling hand.

The tremble in his hand made me melt, just a little bit more.

And then of course, I sneezed again, six times.

His gaze roved over my body, and then touched on my scraped and still-bleeding knees and palms. "You're bleeding," he said.

He moved to the narrow medicine cabinet and pulled out cotton rounds and peroxide.

"Sit," he said in a voice that brooked no argument.

I sat, naked, on the toilet, the porcelain cold against my bare bottom. He poured peroxide on the cotton and held it near my knees, crouching down. His face was level with my br**sts, and my ni**les stood up hard under his gaze. I forced my knees apart and his eyes followed the motion to my crotch, trimmed close but not shaved.

"This will sting a bit," he said. Something in his voice and his focused gaze and the practiced way he dabbed at my knee told me had some kind of medical training.

I hissed at the sting, but didn't flinch. He dabbed the cuts clean and moved to my other knee, gentle and thorough. He took my hands in his and cleaned those as well.

"You've done this before," I said.

"Done what?" he asked, without looking up at me.

"Clean wounds," I said. "You have some kind of medical training."

He nodded. "Six years as a Marine combat medic. Most of my tours were in Iraq and Afghanistan."

"You saw combat?"

He nodded, and the tension in his shoulders told me not push the subject any further. "Yeah. A f**kload-" he cut himself off, "sorry, yeah. I've seen combat."

"John always told me I swear too f**king much," I said, more to break the tension than anything.

Shane laughed and met my gaze with humor and gratitude in his eyes. "He would say that, from what I could tell."

It was my turn to show tension, and I know he saw it.

"Sorry again. None of my business," he said, standing up and discarding the bloody cotton rounds. "Get in and warm up. I'll put your clothes in the dryer."

He turned to leave and I caught his arm. "Thanks," I said.

He just nodded and left the bathroom, but not without a long last glance at my naked body.

I showered, luxuriating in the heat. It was clearly a bachelor pad, as he had one bottle of two-in-one shampoo and conditioner, one bottle of body wash and a black poofy scrub hanging from the handle. I used what he had, debating on the hygenic-ness of using a man's poofy scrub, but in the end desire to be clean won.

A thick black towel hung on the wall, clean and dry, and I used it, winding it around my chest. He only had a comb, which wouldn't work in my crazy curls, so I left it.

I found him in the kitchen, making coffee, in a clean pair of blue jeans and a sleeveless, faded Led Zepplin T-shirt. He heard me come in and looked up, his hand freezing as he stirred his coffee, staring at me.

His gaze was intense, devouring. I decided to play coy.

"What?" I asked, the picture of innocent demurral.

"You. Just...you."

"What about me?" I stepped around the counter toward him.

He backed away, setting down the coffee. I followed him until he was backed up against the counter.

"You're sexy," he said, his voice husky, his eyes raking over my towel-wrapped cle**age and my tangled hair. "You have no idea what you're doing to me."

I looked down at his crotch, where his bulge had made its appearance once more. I ran my fingernail up his thigh and to his erection, tracing along the zipper, keeping my eyes locked on his.

"I think I may have an idea," I said.

He shook his head. "No, you really don't."

I unbuttoned his jeans, kissing his jaw. "Well then show me," I whispered.

I unzipped his jeans, but he caught my hand. "Leo, we just met. This is...it's crazy. I know I kissed you first, but I couldn't help it. You just looked so upset and wet and goddamned sexy..."

"It is crazy," I said. "But I want it. I want it because it's crazy. You're like no one I've ever met, and my life has just been one smart, responsible decision after another. You make me crazy and impulsive, and I like it."

His voice was husky, and his fingers were loosening their restraining grip on my hand. "Look, I know I seem like this hard-assed biker, but I'm not a one-night stand kind of guy."

Something twinged inside me. It wasn't guilt, but like it. What did I want, long term? I hadn't thought that far. All I knew was the burning in my belly, the dampness between my thighs, and my hand straining to touch his manhood.

"So? It doesn't have to be a one-night stand, then." I switched tactics and moved my hand away from his groin, and he let go.

I slipped my hand up beneath his shirt to run my palm over his washboard abs.

"Leo, I-god, you're driving me crazy." He tilted his head back and his eyes fluttered in pleasure at I ran both hands over his torso, exploring his muscles and hot skin. "You're pushing me to the edge. I'm not gonna be able to stop myself in a second."

"Good," I whispered, my lips against the pulsing in his throat.

I ran my hands down his torso, angling for his erection once more. I really wanted to see his cock, suddenly, see him spring free from his pants so I could touch him, put him in my mouth and my pu**y.

I thought about saying that to him, but I wasn't quite that impulsive, yet.

He grabbed my hand and gently but firmly pushed me away from him. "Goddamn it. I'm trying to be honorable here. When I picked you up, I was being...nice. Chivalrous, if you will. I didn't intend for this. I mean, god, yes, I want you. You're so f**king sexy I can't stand it, but I didn't think you'd-"

"Shane, listen. I have never, ever done anything like this in my life. I've only ever been with John, and with him, it's...always the same. Good enough, and I get off sometimes, but it's boring." I dropped my hands to my sides and tried to run my fingers through my hair to untangle it, an impossible task with it un-brushed and wet. "I want more. The argument, the reason you found me like you did, it came down to John being boring. He's nice, and calm, and stable and predictable and f**king boring. He hates it when I swear, which is often since I grew up with three older brothers, and he can only make love in the dark, in the missionary position. He works in a bank and wears khakis and a button down even on Saturdays. He never drinks more than three beers and he hates going down on me, and doesn't like it when I go down on him. He's that one guy in the whole world who doesn't like getting head, I guess."

I was on a roll now, admitting things I'd never even thought to myself, much less said out loud.

"I've been with John since I was nineteen, and he was my first, and only. I've never left the state of Michigan except for Florida once, in high school with my girlfriend Shelly. I'm bored with my life. I'm bored with John. I want more. I want more. I want excitement. I want a guy who keeps me guessing, who gets me hot just by looking at me, the way you're looking at me now. I want a guy who can sweep me off my feet. And you know what, when I saw you standing there by your Harley in your leather jacket and piercings and all that, and I misjudged you. I thought you'd be some kind of stereotypical biker. All hard-ass and ready to f**k at a moment's notice. I'm scared out of my wits right now, because I have nothing of my own. My car is in John's name, the house is in John's name, my work deposits my paycheck into an account in John's name. I don't know what I'm going to do, because I sure as hell can't ever go back to John. I don't even want to get my clothes or books or anything. I just want to be done, gone.

"And you....You make me crazy, Shane. I've known you for like an hour, and you turn me on without trying. You kissed me in the elevator and I swear my heart stopped. I've never been kissed like that, not ever, not even in my fantasies."

I was breathless at this point, worked up, hands gesturing and hair flying. Shane was watching me intently, his eyes betraying interest, lust, compassion...too many things to name, to even sort out. The man's eyes were beyond expressive; I finally understood how heroines in the erotica I read could talk about getting lost in a man's eyes. I really did, I found myself drowning in his gray-green orbs, drowning and not bothering to come up for air.

When Shane realized I'd run out of steam, he stepped toward me, took me in his arms and kissed me. His hands ran around to my back, running across my shoulders, still damp from the shower, and down to the towel's bottom edge, near my thighs. His hands found my bu**ocks, cupped them with tender hesitation. I arched my back and ran my hands up the hard ridges of his spine.

"So I'm your fresh start?" Shane's hands explored upward, mirroring my palms on his back.

"Something like that. You're my recklessness. I want this with you, and I don't care that it's crazy and impulsive. I want it, at least partially, because it's crazy and impulsive."

He grinned and dipped down to kiss me, a quick touch of the lips. "As long as you're sure. I wouldn't want you to feel seduced by a man like me."

I rolled my eyes. "I've already said I misjudged you, and I'm sorry."

He shook his head. "You didn't, not entirely. I am a hard-ass, and there was a time I was ready to f**k at a moment's notice. I just got tired of it. It stopped having any meaning, or even any real enjoyment, so I...gave it up for awhile."

"Gave it up? You mean sex?"

He nodded, looking almost sheepish. "Yeah. It's been over a year."

I looked at him again, with even more admiration, and not a little awe. "I can't imagine going a year without it. John and I didn't do it every day, but it was usually at least once a week, sometime longer between. How do you not go crazy?"

He shrugged. "Well, I'm gone a lot, working, and my work doesn't leave a lot of time for messing around."

I picked up his coffee and sipped at it, then asked, "So what do you do?"

"I'm a doctor. My brothers and I run a nonprofit company called Rescue Medic Enterprises. We're like Doctors Without Borders, but it's just my three brothers, me, and a few other guys. All of us are ex-military, grunts and spec ops, medics and field triage experts and such. We go to mostly third world countries and provide medical care in dangerous areas, or places where other nonprofits won't go. I just got back from treating civil war causalities in Africa, and I'll probably be going back soon."

"So you intentionally, willingly go into third world war zones to treat hurt people?"

"Yeah, basically." He poured a new cup of coffee and we stood sipping our drinks.

I wanted him as badly as ever, but I didn't feel rushed. He was fascinating, and I wanted to know him better.

"That's incredible."

He just shrugged again, nonchalant and dismissive. "Well, I spent most of eight years in combat situations. I got used to it. Then, one day near the end of my second four-year stint my unit got ambushed and I nearly died. I decided I'd had enough of that, and took my walking papers. I came back to the States and tried living a normal life. I took a job in a hospital, working ER triage, and that was okay for awhile, but I got restless. Then my brothers all got out too and they didn't even want to try a normal job, so we started Rescue Medic. My parents fronted us the start-up cash, and it turns out we love it. We get the thrill of combat, but it's different."

He tipped his head at me. "What about you? What do you do?"

"I'm an ER nurse."

He grinned. "A like soul, then. Do you like it? Working ER?"

I nodded. "I love it. I love the constant busyness, the rush and the excitement. I love helping people."

He nodded, and he looked like he was considering something, but then it passed and he set his coffee cup down, stalking toward me. I set mine down and stood still, waiting.

He'd never done his pants back up, and as he approached me, my hands moved of their own accord, reaching for him, touching the waistband of his underwear, touching his hips. He pressed me against the counter.

"Last chance," he said. "I'll still take you somewhere else, no questions asked."

I shook my head, slipped my hands around and under the band of his underwear to cup his smooth, tight, ass.

"Don't say I didn't warn you, then," he growled.

He scooped me up once more and carried me to the bedroom, set me down in the center of the bed, kneeling over me. He untucked the towel, one fold at a time. Pulling it free, he drew one side away, then the other, baring me to the cold air, and his hungry eyes.

"God, you're sexy," his voice was low, so deep and rumbling as to be barely audible.

I shook my head. John wasn't one for compliments, and my self-esteem was an up-and-down thing. Shane was the kind of man that could have supermodels, A-list actresses, not girls like me.

"Yes, you are. You're a goddess. You have a perfect body." He ran his hands up my stomach, between my br**sts and back around to cup them, lift them, rubbing his thumbs across the ni**les. "I can't wait to taste you all over."

His hands worked magic on my tits, making me arch and writhe with just his hands on my br**sts. Then he lowered his mouth to my shoulder, kissing with a brush of the tongue, sliding his lips across to my chest and down between my br**sts, kissing the side of one then the other. He lifted one breast, kissed underneath it, then pinched a nipple and kissed the opposite one, all at the same time. I lost myself in his attentions, just lying there with my hands on his back and shoulder, head tilted backward, eyes closed and fluttering.

I felt a thick something probe my clit, and I thought he'd somehow gotten his pants off without me noticing, but it was his finger, tracing circles around my wet, engorged nub, sliding down to push in, slip out and back in, then returning to my clit. I wasn't gasping yet, but close. I forced my back down to the bed and remembered I had hands too, and I wanted to touch him. I pushed at his jeans until they slipped off his hips, and he wiggled out of them, kicking them off without missing a beat.

My hands found their way to his ass again, and I marveled at the fact that even his ass was muscular and tight.

Suddenly, I realized how small and soft John was, and then I banished all thoughts of my ex-fiance from my mind. He might as well have stopped existing at that moment, as far as I was concerned.

Shane's lips began a gradual southward descent, kissing my ribs, and then my stomach, my navel, each hip. He took me by the hips and pulled me down to the end of the bed, slipping off of it, and then my knees were on his shoulders and his tongue was licking at my inner thighs, and his lips were pressed to my labia, his lightly-stubbled cheeks grazing my thighs.

I spread my knees apart, arching my back as I felt his tongue find my clit, swirling in slow circles. I did gasp then, a gentle inbreath. Oh, that man's tongue was nimble and sure, drawing pleasure from me in skilled waves, bringing me up, and then back down, closer to the edge of orgasm and back away. He dipped his tongue in, moving his head in circles as my hips began to buck. I was gasping, nearly whimpering now, and I was so close, but he slowed down and I bent to put my fingers in his hair, tangling and gripping, not quite pushing him towards me, but nearly. He huffed a laugh into my pu**y, and I moaned at the sudden heat on my pu**y. He did it again, not a laugh this time but a slow exhale, his hot breath driving me wild. He breathed on me again, and then his tongue found me again, and now he didn't pull me back. Slow circles at first, then a few upward licks, and then circles again, tightening in around my clit until I was bucking my hips in a frenzy and then I came, harder than I ever have before. I came so hard I saw stars, and I actually shrieked and moaned.

I'm not a vocal person during sex, not ever. Even during the most intense experiences before, the most I ever let out was a gasping inbreath at climax, which was inevitably a low tremor at best.

This was an explosion, a nuclear detonation in my pu**y driving outward to burn in my belly and set my limbs to trembling. Shane crawled back up on the bed, and I cracked my eyes open to watch him, slinking toward me with predator grace, stealthy and dangerous and still hungry for me.

I pulled him forward and kissed him, ravenous for his lips, tasting my own juices on his lips and not caring, but liking it in fact.

"Had you ever had that done to you before?" Shane asked, between kisses.

"Once, and it was awkward and unpleasant for us both. That was when we first started dating." I raked my nails down his back. "That was unlike anything I've ever felt. I've never come so hard in my life."

He just laughed. "Oh, man. You're in for a wild ride, Leo. I'm just getting started. That was to get you going."

His confidence was awe-inspiring. If that was just the beginning, I couldn't even imagine what the rest of my night would be like.

Shane settled his long, hard body on the bed next to me and we made out, just kissed and kissed, tongues flying and lips snarling. I was breathless when we broke apart. I lifted up on an elbow and raked my gaze over his body, taking in the glorious expanse of muscle, toned and defined and lithe. I traced his chest with a finger, circled his ni**les, and then let my finger follow the dips and hollows between his abs, finally finding the V where his abs led to his groin, disappearing beneath his boxer-briefs.

He was hard for me, bulging up against his boxers, the head nearly escaping. I glanced at him, and he lifted an eyebrow at me, smiling with one side of his mouth. He just lay there, waiting, one hand on my back, the other tossed lazily along his chest. He knew what he had, and he was just waiting for me to discover it.

I worked one finger underneath the band of his gray boxers, and my finger brushed the tip of him. He flinched, his stomach sucking in. I looked at him, seeing a flash of nerves, vanishing as quickly as it came. I remembered he'd gone a year without this, so a little nerves was understandable. I wondered if he'd finish quick, since it had been so long. That was probably where the nerves came into play; he was wondering the same thing I was. I thought about telling him that John-the name flitted through my mind, and I felt a quiver of revulsion at its passage-had never lasted more than a couple minutes, max. I didn't say anything though. I knew, somehow, that even if Shane only lasted thirty seconds, it'd be a better thirty seconds than all the minutes John had ever given me, combined.

These thoughts all passed through me in an instant, there and gone.

I drew the waistband away from his body, and the tip of his c**k sprang free, and I nearly moaned at the sight of him. I pulled the boxers down to his thighs, and then, feeling a thrill of daring blossom in my belly, I moved down and touched my tongue to his cock, just the tip of my tongue against the side. Shane sucked his breath in through his nose, and I looked at him with grin.

"You don't have to," he said.

"I want to."

"Have you ever?"

"Once, kind of," I said as I pulled the boxers off the rest of the way; he tossed them aside with a foot.

"Kind of?" He quirked his eyebrow, a gesture that I was learning held a wealth of expression for Shane.

I shrugged. "It didn't go well. He didn't like it, said it felt weird. I stopped before it really got anywhere, and I never tried again."

I shrugged, dismissing the past.

He pulled at a blond curl with a finger. "If you want to..."

I didn't respond. Not with words, anyway. I took him in both hands, one fist atop the other, and his head still stuck an inch above my fingers, if not more. He was thick too, wide and round, with a gentle inward curve from the base to the tip. I traced the tiny hole at the tip with a finger, and clear fluid pulsed out. I lowered my head to taste it, and he flinched again, his c**k bobbing with his sucked-in breath. So sensitive.

I rubbed up and down with my hands, but I realized he was dry, so I lowered my mouth to his length, licking him, taking him sideways into my mouth and letting my saliva coat him. He was slick now, and I took him in my hands again, pumping slowly. His hips began to gyrate, and I felt bolder, now. His eyes were hooded, his chest heaving slowly, his hands grasping the comforter of the bed. I took his bulbous, engorged head in my mouth, tasting the pre-come on my tongue, and then spat him out to admire his c**k once more.

Shane laughed. "You're teasing me, Leo. Oh, god, you're driving me crazy."

I looked up at him, still holding him in my hands, and slid my hands along his c**k again. "I'm sorry. I'm not trying to tease you on purpose. Your c**k is just so beautiful."

He smiled at me, then tipped his head back and arched his spine as I took him in my mouth again, spreading my lips as wide as they could go to accommodate his girth. I pumped my fists around him, taking him farther in my mouth until he bumped against the back of my throat. Back out then, not all the way, and he was clutching the blanket with white-knuckled fists.

He'd already lasted longer than I'd ever had a man inside me.

I swallowed him again, this time pushing him deeper into my throat, just to the edge of my gag reflex. He gasped, then, when he was nearly down my throat, and I loved the sound, loved the kind of power I had over him, doing this. I was enjoying it, for myself, and for him. Now I started a rhythm, bobbing up and down on him, slipping my hands on his c**k near the base in the rhythm of my mouth around him.

His hips moved with a desperate vigor and I matched his pace, working him with mouth and hands as fast as I could move, gliding my hands on his saliva-slick base and my mouth on his engorged cock-tip. I took him deep, then, letting him push against my throat and to the very edge of my gag-reflex. He was thrusting wildly, and I learned to back away as he reached the apex of his thrust so I didn't gag. His fingers and knuckles were white from his death-grip on the comforter, and he was gasping low in his throat.

I left one hand moving on his c**k and lowered the other to his balls, cupping his sac in my palm and fingers, massaging as gently as I could. They were so soft, gentle prickles of hair and wrinkled skin taut and tight.

He gritted a warning past clenched teeth, "I'm coming, oh god, I'm coming right now..."

He came, hard, unleashing a flood of hot, salty, thick seed into my mouth and down my throat. His balls pulsed in my hand, and his c**k trembled and quivered as he came. I milked him hard, sucking on him, working him with my hand until he moaned again and writhed on the bed, bending forward and then arching his back.

I felt powerful, then, sensual and seductive and all woman. He drew me to his chest and I curled into him, grateful for his warmth. I felt cocooned in his embrace, surrounded by heat and male muscle and dangerous strength and gentle affection.

"Oh. My. God." Shane's voice was husky and still breathless. "You made me come so hard. That was awesome."

I felt a thrill of pride at his praise. I knew I'd do that again, just to get the reaction from him, to feel the power over his body, to give him the kind of pleasure I so obviously had.

My fingers traced his muscles, the other hand pressed between us. His hands were sliding up and down my back, tickling my tailbone and down into the crevice of my ass, moving up my hip to my shoulder and back down to my ass in an exploring caress.

I couldn't keep my hand off his cock, though, and it was soon in my hand once more; I liked touching it, feeling its odd contradiction of silk and steel. At that moment it was soft and limp, flopping in my hand, strangely weighty.

My belly tensed with anticipation as he started to firm under my touch. I wanted him inside me, I was trembling with eagerness to feel him plunge his immensity into my wet, slick pu**y.

"God, you've got me ready to go already," Shane said.

He wasn't completely engorged yet, his c**k standing perpendicular to his body rather than parallel. He curled me onto him, lifting my entire weight with one arm. I settled astride his knees and took him into my hands again.

He reached out and pulled open a drawer on the nightstand, ripped a condom free from the string of them and opened it. I took it from him and stretched it over his head, rolled it down with a hand-over-hand motion. The moment it was on, Shane took me by the hips, lifted me up and guided me towards his cock. I took him in one hand and probed my entrance with his tip.

I held myself up above him for a moment, looking down at him, our eyes meeting. I swear actual sparks flew in the air, just for a moment. I sank down onto his full length in one slow plunge, gasping for breath, mouth quivering as he stretched my tight pu**y wide to accept him. God, he was huge. He filled me, and made me stretch to take more.

He groaned as I enveloped him, a low, animal growl in the back of his throat, a primal sound that drove me wild. I supported myself with my hands on his chest and began a dawdling roll of my hips, measured and unhurried, letting my folds adjust to his size. He wasn't even all the way in yet, and I was rising to orgasm already. I couldn't breathe past the feel of him inside me, and it only got worse when he took my tits in his hands and worked his magic again, twiddling the ni**les, pinching, rolling, cupping and hefting the br**sts in his powerful hands.

"Am I hurting you?" Shane asked, still barely fluttering his hips, not thrusting almost at all. "You're so tight, Leo, so goddamned tight."

I shook my head, sucked in a breath to speak. "No...you're perfect. Just go slow."

A lift of my hips brought him nearly out of me, and he pushed towards me, wanting to bury himself again. I sank down, and this time I took his length all the way in, impaled him to the hilt, ground my hips against his. I collapsed against him, crushing my lips to his, my breath coming in shallow pants, sweat beading down my spine.

Fire was roiling in my belly, liquid heat pooling between my thighs, spreading to every inch of my body, coating every pore of my skin with hypersensitivity. He started to move into me, gradual pulsations, gentle pushes. Every movement sent ecstasy thrilling through me, stealing my breath, pulling whimpers from my throat. I matched his rhythm, barely moving in and out; I clutched him, arms around his neck, my entire body pressed against his, our sweat commingling and our breath merging. His lips grazed my shoulders and his fingers dug into my hips and thighs, straining for control.

I felt his muscles tense around me, and then there was a dizzy moment when the room span and rolled and suddenly he was on top me, his weight heavy on me but not crushing, his c**k thrusting more fully now but not crashing. His mouth found my ni**les, and he nipped my erect, sensitive nubs with his teeth, drawing little shrieks from me.

"God, you are so responsive," he said, curling my hair into his fingers.

He tugged my head backward and ran his lips on my throat and down to my br**sts in a line of moist, fiery, kisses.

"Responsive?" I could only gasp the word.

"The way you react to what I'm doing. Every little thing makes you make a noise. I love it."

He was moving more vigorously now, drawing himself out farther and pushing back in, and I moaned with each motion of his hips, each delicious stroke of his cock. I couldn't help the sounds I was making, they were being drawn from me, pulled out of my throat like an illusionist pulling a string of multi-colored scarves hand over hand.

"I'm not usually so noisy," I said, planting a kiss on his cheek, his jaw, and finally his lips.

"Don't stop," he said. "I love it. I love the noises you make."

"Then don't stop what you're doing," I told him, smiling against his mouth.

"Not for anything," he promised.

He pulled out so only the very tip of his c**k was in me, hooked my legs over his shoulders and drew his knees underneath him. The entire weight of my lower half was now supported by his c**k and my legs on his shoulders. My hands clutched the comforter, clawing with desperate strength as he started to drive himself into me, slow at first, then with increasing speed. My hips ground against him, and now I was taking his c**k in its entirety, the full length plunging in and ramming against my walls, slipping with slick speed back out, only to crush in again, squishing with the juices leaking from my throbbing tissues.

My moans were vocal now, not just whimpered breaths, but fully-voiced cries of pleasure. He joined me, growling and grunting, a ravaging beast with wild eyes and flashing muscles, sweat-sheened and sensual. He was growing frantic now in his thrusting, and I felt a tremor begin in my thighs, a shaking of the muscles at first. I was helpless to slow my bucking hips, rising up onto the small of my back and rolling my pu**y onto him, moaning non-stop now.

The tremors spread like wildfire to my vaginal muscles, and up to my stomach, my lungs, my arms and legs, until I was thrashing as if possessed. He was pistoning into me, mouth wide in a building roar. The tremors became an earthquake, and then a tectonic shifting, my entire body convulsing, and still I wasn't in full orgasm and neither was he.

I was crying out now, louder than my voice had ever gone and I was completely in his thrall, taken by him, my body brought to an apex of sensation. He bellowed, then, and his c**k pulsed and thrust in a hard, staccato rhythm and I felt him come, felt his muscles tense and he leaned into my legs. I saw stars then, as my own orgasm began, pinpricks of white across my vision, little dots of non-color spreading out to each other until all the world was white and my body was locked in a spasm, ecstasy so intense and unending and unrelenting I couldn't even cry, couldn't sob or breathe or even blink. His c**k continued to dive into me, pushing the explosions in my body hotter, higher, more potent. I thought I was being ripped into two by pure, unadulterated pleasure, and still he thrust, still he came.

A single thought passed through my mind: I wanted him bare inside me, so I could feel his seed wash through me. Nothing else mattered but achieving that sensation, consequences be damned.

Thought was banished, then, as the detonations rolled through me, convulsing me, and somehow my legs were on the bed and his weight was on me and still he was fluttering his c**k into me, drawing the very last dregs of sensation out of me.

My breath came back in a heady, dizzy rush, and I realized part of the reason I'd seen stars was I'd been literally, physically unable to breathe, so intense was my orgasm.

I heard a choking sound, and felt my chest heaving, and I realized the sound was me, sobbing uncontrollably, bawling and shuddering.

Shane realized it as soon as I did, and immediately rolled off me, cupping my cheek in his hand. "I hurt you, didn't I?" He seemed frightened of the thought, abjectly sorrowful. "I did. You're crying."

I shook my head and forced breath into my lungs, shoved the tears away.

"No, no. Shane..." I rolled over to flop onto his chest and his arm wrapped me into him. "I'm crying because I've never...because you just f**ked me breathless, you just rocked my world until I couldn't see straight."

"Is that a good thing?" He was searching my eyes, still looking worried.

"Oh god yes. Hell yes." I couldn't figure out how to make him understand what I'd just experienced. "You've ruined me, you know."

"What?" He looked panicked. "I used a condom! It's still on, I swear!"

I laughed, realizing how that had sounded. "No, I just meant you've ruined me for all other men. It's impossible for anyone to ever do that to me again."

Shane sighed in relief. "Shit, you scared me."

"Sorry. I just can't express what you did to me. I didn't know sex could be like that."

He grinned and squeezed me in a one-armed hug. "Oh, Leo. You've been deprived, then." He rested his hand on my hip, then cupped my ass.

I wiggled my butt into his hand. I loved how he touched me. And then I worried about how often since I'd met I'd thought the word "love" in reference to him.

"So, was it okay, for you?" I asked.

Shane looked at me, incredulous. "Okay? Okay?"

He rolled on top of me, and I felt a semi-solid pressure on my belly. I made a noise low in my throat, amazed that he could be ready again so soon.

"It was, and I mean this literally, the best sex of my life." Shane lowered his lips to mine, and kissed me with shocking tenderness.

"You're bullshitting me," I said.

He huffed a laugh. "I would never bullshit a bullshitter."

I reached between us and fondled his growing member, and then realized he was still wearing a condom, limp and sodden. I pulled it free and set it on his bedside table. He cocked an eyebrow at me, then reached for another one.

I stopped him. "I'm about to start my period," I lied. "We don't need one."

He hesitated. "I'd rather not take any risks."

I knew it was a risk too, but I didn't care, not in that moment. Besides, if I was already in that kind of trouble, then it didn't matter anyway. I touched him again, sliding my hands on his slick, come-drenched member. He moaned, pressed his forehead to mine. He was moving his hips subtly, now sporting a raging hard-on.

I pulled him into me, and he still hesitated, trying to pull out. What a man.

"I want it bare," I said. "I want to feel you shoot your load into me. It's fine, I promise."

"We shouldn't, even still," he protested.

But it was too late. I was grinding into him, stretched and ready for his cock.

He moaned, half in enjoyment and half in frustration.

His eyes flashed, and then he seemed to make a decision. "If you're sure," he breathed.

Then he rolled off me, ignoring my mewl of protest. He slid off the bed, grabbed my foot by the heel and pulled me toward him. He took my other foot and twisted my legs so I had no choice but to roll over onto my stomach. I looked at him in pretend fear over my shoulder, clawing at the bed as if resisting. He grinned like a feral Cheshire Cat, dragging my ass toward his rigid cock. He let my toes touch the ground, then slipped a hand under my pelvis and lifted me up, shoving a pillow under my belly, low, so it stuck my ass even higher.

I was barely able to touch the carpet with one big toe, dangling half-on, half-off the bed, precarious and without balance or control over my movements. Shane took his c**k in his hand and probed at my ass with it, dragging the tip down my crack, pulsing into my tight sphincter and then lower still. I spread my legs wide, felt his hands dig into my ass cheeks and spread them apart.

Then he touched my pu**y entrance with his cock, pausing. "Last chance to get away, my pretty little lion."

I looked at him over my shoulder, eyebrows high and eyes wide. "Oh, Shane, I'm so scared."

"You should be," he said, his lip curling in primal desire and carnal humor.

Then he slipped himself in, slow and careful as the first time. He buried himself into me, drove himself to hilt in the first plunge. I arched my back and gasped, bit the comforter, and already I felt the tremors begin, despite the fact that I was still feeling the aftershocks of the last orgasm.

He was resting his hands on my ass, moving just the first few inches in and out, and with each rocking slide I gasped, pushing my bu**ocks into him. He gripped one hip with his hand and increased his tempo, more sure of himself now that he knew I could take him without being split in half. A dozen strokes in, and I felt an orgasm building and my hips began to circle onto his cock, which he was moving at half-speed now.

When I was moaning in delirium, he reached under his cock, leaning over me, and found my clit with his middle finger, circling it in wide strokes.

"Oh god, oh god," I shrieked.

I came, hard. I saw stars again, and felt my lower half convulsing. He didn't stop, though, and I realized he was just getting started on me. His finger was still moving around my clit, and his c**k was thrusting into me, and I was sobbing and moaning into the blanket, trying to rock my hips but unable to move for the unbalanced position and the orgasm rocketing through me, building and building to a higher peak.

He started to grunt, long rasping outbreaths, and he pushed even harder into me, and his finger worked my wet, aching button even more furiously, flailing my building second orgasm into a wild climax. I came again, and felt my pu**y clench around his cock, tightening onto him, and then he came and all control was lost.

He was slamming into me, and I felt his balls slapping as they pulsed. His come was a hot flood inside me, filling every space not taken by his wickedly wonderful member with viscous fluid. I came a third time and then I lost the ability to count or think as the orgasms rolled into each other, no longer waves of pleasure or ecstasy but a roaring apocalypse of delirious sensation, orgasm after orgasm, just coming and coming and I couldn't even whimper, just hold my trembling, quivering mouth against the scratchy, clean smelling blanket and let him plunder at his will.

He was bent over me, now, breath heaving into my still-damp hair, rough and desperate gasps for air. He was trembling all over, tremoring into me still, involuntary shudders of his c**k into my quaking pu**y.

"If I come one more time I'll die," I whispered.

"Then I'd better give you a break, huh?" Shane whispered back.

He moved off of me, but I was jellified, unable to move and he had to catch me, lift me onto the bed.

"Yeah, just...just for a few minutes," I said.

"How many times did you come?" Shane asked.

I shook my head. "I don't even know. Three? After three I lost count. They were coming so close together I couldn't even move or think."

"I've never come so hard in my life," Shane said.

"That's what you said the last time."

Shane grinned. "Well, apparently it got better."

* * *

We went again that night, twice more, before falling asleep well past dawn. Each time was better than the last. When Shane and I finally collapsed into each other's arms, we were both spent and exhausted past all comprehension.

I was sore all over, and had never enjoyed pain so much.

I woke up with afternoon light streaming down on me from a window, and Shane sitting on the bed next to me with a cup of coffee in each hand, the scent of the coffee having woken me up.

"Morning, sleepyhead," he said, handing me the coffee as I sat up, not bothering to cover up with the sheets.

"You are a saint," I said. "You even serve coffee in bed."

He just smiled and we sipped our coffee in companionable silence. I was tempted to kiss him, but I knew how I tasted, and I felt things squishing out of me that needed cleaning.

I was at the end of a long, luxurious soak in the shower when it happened. I felt the unmistakable clamp-gush of my period starting, and then something trickled down my leg.

I fell to the shower floor, tears of relief burning my eyes. Shane heard me and came running.

"Are you okay? What happened? Did you-shit, you're bleeding."

I shook my head in denial and took his outstretched hand to lift me up.

"No, I'm fine, it's just my period."

"Then why are you crying?"

I hiccupped and leaned against his chest. "I-because I thought..."

I couldn't make the words come out, as if saying it would put me in danger of having it come true still, somehow.

Shane's eyes narrowed and his gaze hardened. His arms didn't tighten on me, but they went stiff. "You thought you were pregnant? And you didn't tell me? And you let me-"

"Not yours, Shane. His. That's what the argument was about. I told him I was late, and he just sat there. He didn't react at all. Not angry, not afraid, not anything. And I snapped. I was so sick of him being so f**king calm all the time...and then I met you and I realized I didn't have to live that way. And I didn't lie to you. When I told you I wanted you bare, that I wanted you to come inside me, I knew I was either going to start my period or I was already pregnant, so it didn't matter."

He softened. "Oh. Well...just tell me the truth, from now on, okay? If there's one thing I can't stand, in any way, shape, or form, it's being lied to, and that includes having the truth withheld. Okay?"

I nodded. "I didn't want to think about that, when I met you. I wanted to forget about it and hope it would go away. And it did, in a way." I looked up at him. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be."

"Well, I'm also sorry because this means we can't do anything for a few days. And you sort of started something inside me, like, made me realize how sexually frustrated I was..."

Shane chuckled. "Well, that's okay, because we have a long flight ahead of us."

I stepped back and looked at him with raised eyebrows. "A long flight? Where are we going?"

"I did some research on you, while you were sleeping. I spoke to your supervisors at the hospital, speaking as the CEO and founder of Rescue Medic Enterprises. They all said you're rock-solid under pressure, that you're a certified Paramedic and you've got extensive experience with field triage techniques. They also said they were doing cuts at the hospital and you were in line to be let go."

I rocked back on my heels. I'd suspected my job was in danger, which was another element to the stress that had likely caused me to be late. But what was he saying? I kept quiet and let him talk.

"My point is, if you're up for it, I'd like to welcome you as the newest member of Rescue Medic Enterprises."

"You're hiring me?" I wasn't sure how I felt about that.

"If you'd like to try something new, yes. Civil war has broken out in Sudan again, and my brothers are already en route. I've already booked us two seats out of Metro."

My head was spinning. "Sudan? Africa?"

Shane nodded, his hand on my arm keeping me from falling over. "Yep. So get dressed, my sexy little lion. Your life's about to start."

I sucked a breath in. "Well then, if we're going to Africa, I'm going to need something to put on my lady parts."

Shane laughed uproariously. "That's my girl. There's a little box in the medicine cabinet. It's my sister's. She travels a lot, and whenever she passes through Detroit she stays here, so she leaves a little kit of things. The drawers have all sorts of girly shit in them. Help yourself."

He kissed me quickly, squeezed my bottom, and left, pulling a cell phone from his hip pocket and hitting a speed dial button.

The drawers did indeed have a very thorough supply of feminine-needs products. She had what I needed to take care of my old Aunt Flow, plus some make-up, a brush-which I wished I'd known about last night-and a top-notch hair straightener. I held the straightener in my hands, considering. I'd never really bothered with straightening my hair. I'd tried it a few times, but John never seemed to care either way. Now, about to start a new life with a complete stranger, I decided to go a little out of the box.

I straightened my hair, applied some make-up, and left the bathroom feeling sexy and fresh. My hair was now down past my shoulders, fine and shimmery and unlike I'd ever worn it. Shane had laid out my bra and panties, washed and dried, and a pair of jeans and leather bustier. They looked expensive, and just my size. I tried them on, and discovered that they did indeed fit me perfectly. I didn't recognize the bold-looking blonde biker chick in the mirror, but I liked her.

Shane came up behind me and whistled, a low cat-call. "Damn, Leo. Look at you."

I turned around. "I don't recognize myself." I ran my hands on the leather bustier, which was a little small, and thus made my already full br**sts overflow. "Whose are these?"

"Yours." Shane grinned, cocky and devilish. "I guessed at your size from your dress. I've been up since six, so I stepped out and bought you some clothes while you slept."

My heart melted a little. It took some serious balls to buy a girl clothes, and talent to get it right.

"You've been up since six?" It was past noon, and I was still feeling woozy.

It didn't help that I was feeling like I'd swallowed a watermelon with my nether regions. I was tender, but I relished the feeling, and looked forward to making myself sore all over again, as soon as I could. My gaze wandered to Shane's bulge, and it was growing even he looked at me. I wanted him, then, and there was only one way to have him.

I approached him with a sway to my hips, feeling all woman and ready to take on the world. I touched his zipper with a fingernail.

He backed away, grinning. "No, no way. I've got to pack, and you've got to get a picture for your passport. I know a guy who can get them done quick. Our flight leaves at eight tonight."

I chased him across the room until I had him backed into a corner. He gazed down at me, eyes burning.

"I thought you were...you know..."

I knelt down in front of him, unzipped him and tugged his pants down so his lengthening c**k sprang free. He gasped when I took him deep into my throat without so much as a warning.

"I am. That doesn't mean I can't do this," I said, spreading my saliva on him, hand over hand.

He tasted clean and hard, like salt and skin and man. He came hard, and fast. I tucked him back into his pants and stood up, wiping my lips with the back of my hand as he leaned against the wall, gasping.

* * *

I'd never flown before, and I was nervous, gripping the seat arms with white-knuckled hands as the jet bucked and jerked to heavy turbulence.

Shane rubbed my leg, relaxed, reading a book. "It's fine. It's just some bumps."

I glanced at Shane, wondering, not for the first time since boarding the plane, what exactly I was thinking, getting on a plane to Africa with a man I'd known less than two days.

What a wild ride this would be.

