Chapter One

Nina

A crashing noise in the kitchen woke me from the nap I'd slipped into, and I sat bolt upright in bed, disoriented and my heart pounding hard against my chest. Looking around, I tried to determine what time it was. The sun was still up, so I couldn't have slept very long. Or had I slept all night and it was already morning of the next day? I had no memory of Tristan coming to bed, but that didn't mean I couldn't have slept all night. With his work at Stone Worldwide intensifying since our return from our honeymoon, he was often up before the crack of dawn after coming to bed after midnight.

My thoughts racing, I shook the sleep from my mind and swung my legs off the bed. Standing up, my legs buckled and everything around me swirled into a blur. Before I knew it, I was on the floor in a groggy heap. This was either the worst wake up ever, or I was having some incredibly realistic nightmare complete with throbbing pain in my right elbow that brought tears to my eyes. Either way, I needed to get up to see what or who was going on in my kitchen.

I lifted myself up to a sitting position to see Tristan standing in the doorway with a look of horror on his face.

"What happened?" he asked as he stepped into the room to kneel down next to me. "Did you trip?"

Shaking my head, I reached over to rub my aching arm. "No. I heard a noise that woke me up and when I went to see what happened, my legs gave out and I landed right on my elbow. Ouch."

Tristan knitted his brows and frowned. "This is the second time this week you've had an accident. We need to get you to the doctor, Nina."

I held onto his forearm as he lifted me up onto my feet, feeling foolish that I'd been so clumsy twice in one week. Smoothing my white cotton skirt down over my thighs, I looked up into Tristan's still worried eyes and smiled, hoping to ease his mind. "There's nothing wrong, honey. I just got up too quickly before I was fully awake. No big deal."

"Are you sure?"

To be honest, I wasn't sure. I'd felt run down for weeks. I hadn't napped this much since I was a child, and even with sneaking extra sleep time, I still felt tired all the time. Instead of worrying Tristan, I'd told Jordan, who had tried to be helpful by suggesting I check out some medical site online. Boy, was that a mistake. Within the first hour, I'd convinced myself I had any number of diseases, including malaria, some variant of the Black Plague, and Lyme disease. Even worse, I'd stumbled onto a page dedicated to leukemia and one of the first symptoms listed was unexplained fatigue.

Nothing like having your heart stop cold for a moment as the possibility that you're dying from the same disease your mother succumbed to weaves its way into your brain. I was so stressed out after reading that I couldn't get to sleep all night. I told myself over and over that I was being foolish, and Jordan had scolded me about taking what I read online with a grain of salt. Since then, I'd tried to put it out of my mind, but every day I felt exhausted, and that tiny niggle of worry sitting in the back of my brain had mushroomed into full blown fear.

I knew it was wrong to keep all of this from Tristan. He was my husband, and I didn't doubt for a second that he'd want to do whatever it took to take care of me. I just couldn't face the reality that after finally finding complete and utter happiness with the man of my dreams it would all be taken away, just like it had been for my mother.

Standing on my toes, I placed a tiny kiss on the tip of Tristan's nose and gave him my sweetest smile. "I'm fine. No need to worry. So what did you do in the kitchen to make all that noise?"

Tristan raised his eyebrows in fake surprise. "What makes you think I did anything?"

I folded my arms and shook my head. "I doubt it was Maria making all that racket. Unless you hired someone else without telling me-which would be really uncool since that would probably scare the hell out of me when I ran into them and thought the house was being robbed-there's no one else here but us. Since I was busy examining the inside of my eyelids, that leaves you to blame for whatever happened. So fess up."

"It was nothing. I was just checking the pantry to make sure we had Jiffy Pop. I thought a nice night in watching movies would be just what we need since I've been working day and night since we got back from our honeymoon. By the way, we're out of Jiffy Pop, but there's more than enough pie filling and tomato soup."

"Nothing like an avalanche of canned goods coming down on top of you," I said with a laugh.

Tristan winced and rubbed the top of his head. "I'm just happy the Jiffy Pop wasn't next to the huge container of olive oil. I might have knocked myself out."

I laughed out loud. "I can only imagine me finding you lying on the floor of the pantry covered in oil. Definitely not your usual look."

"So what do you say to me picking up a pizza and some popcorn and the two of us making a night of it? I might even agree to some chick flick."

"Bridget Jones?"

A look of pain crossed his face, but he quickly tried to hide it with a sexy grin. "It's a deal but only if I get at least one superhero movie. Maybe two since that Bridget Jones stuff really puts me in danger in losing my man card. This might even require a Clint Eastwood."

"Clint Eastwood? That seems a bit much, doesn't it?" I joked, secretly fine with a Dirty Harry flick but not wanting Tristan to find out. If he did, our movie nights would turn into one long cop and bad guy fest. "I'll agree to Clint if we watch Bridget first. Deal?"

"Deal. I'll be stopping by the liquor store while I'm out. Bridget and I require more of the good stuff. Want me to pick you up the makings of your chocolate cake martini?"

"Sure. I haven't had a martini since we got back, so I think one would be good tonight. But we need some birch beer for the pizza, so don't forget to grab that at Tony's."

Tristan kissed me gently and pulled me close. "Got it." He was quiet for a long moment, and then he finally said, "By the way, did I tell you how much I love you today?"

I slid my hands around him and grabbed his ass. "I think our time in the shower this morning included something about that, but I never get tired of hearing it."

He leaned away from me and cradling my face, tilted my head back. Looking down at me with those gorgeous brown eyes, he licked his lips and a sly grin slid across his mouth. "I enjoyed that. Maybe we should make that a daily event. And by the way, I love you even more today, Mrs. Stone."

I felt myself begin to get weak again, so quickly I said, "Me too, Mr. Stone. All this talk about food has gotten me hungry, so let's get that pizza and get this movie party started."

He kissed me and my stomach did that flipping thing it always did when his lips touched mine. Even now, as we stood there as a married couple used to each other, he had that effect on me. At least I hoped it was that and not some horrible disease slowly sapping the life from me.

Pulling away, he whispered next to my ear, "Your wish is my command, my lady. I'll be back in a few. Feel free to begin Bridget Jones before I get back."

I looked up and saw his smile telling me how much he really didn't want to sit through one of my chick flicks. That he would and be so cute about it meant a lot to me. "And miss a moment of our movie time together? No way."

* * *

Tristan's heavy breathing behind me signaled he was fast asleep, so I pressed Stop on the remote and curled up against his chest. A light sleeper, most nights he really only dozed, but these days he barely did that. Wrapping his arms around me, he squeezed me tightly to him and murmured, "Did I miss Bridget?"

I hugged him and laughed at his joke. "Yes, and that's not fair if you're going to wake up just in time for your movies."

"It's in my DNA. As soon as the Man of Steel is even mentioned, men naturally wake up. Who am I to fight nature?"

His voice grew less sleepy with every word, and I looked up to see him wide awake. "I'm calling shenanigans on this, Mr. Stone. I should put Bridget in again."

Kissing me on the forehead, he whispered, "Bridge is tired. You know how much that girl drinks. Let her sleep it off. We've got better things to do than hang out with her."

"Like spending the next two hours with Superman?"

Tristan got that look on his face that he wore when he had sexier thoughts in mind. Pushing his hips off the couch, he slid his hands down my back to cup my ass. "I think we can leave Superman for another time. Right now, I think we should go back to acting like we're still on our honeymoon."

"Mmmm...I like that. Got anything specific in mind?"

He kissed me, lightly snaking his tongue into my mouth and making me want him right there in the media room. Unbuttoning the remaining buttons on his dress shirt, I slid my hand over his muscular torso, loving the feel of the taut muscles under my fingers. His body never failed to thrill me.

"I had planned on taking you in my arms to the bedroom, but on second thought, right here will do just fine," he said on a groan as he worked to slide my T-shirt over my head. "Your clothes seem to be working against me tonight, though."

I sat up and wriggled out of my shirt and skirt, leaving me in my bra and panties. "I wonder if Superman needs help to get his wife's clothes off," I joked.

Tristan rolled his eyes as he pulled me back on top of him. "Only if Lois Lane is wearing Kryptonite underwear. But she wouldn't look as incredible as you do right now."

Straddling his hips, I sat up and unhooked my bra as he lightly teased his fingers along the waistband of my panties. "Even if she didn't match like me?"

He licked his lips and stared at the path his fingers traced over the crease of my leg. "I wouldn't care if you wore a burlap sack. You'd still be the most incredible woman on Earth." Looking up, he winked. "Luckily, you're mine. Superman's going to have to find his own woman."

Pulling me down to lay on top of him, he hooked his thumbs on the sides of my panties and jerked them off my body. "Hey! I like those panties. They weren't built to withstand the caveman thing."

With a grunt, he slid out of his pants and boxer briefs. "I'll get you a new pair. Now stop talking and let me show you what I was thinking about during my afternoon meeting."

He captured my mouth with his and kissed me hard, as if he'd missed the feel of my lips for weeks. Already rock hard, it only took a slight tilting of his hips and he was pushing into me. My body craved his, craved the feel of him inside me touching parts of me that only he knew how to excite. An expert at knowing exactly how to make my body sing, he stroked into me slowly, like the sensation of each inch of his cock entering me was something to be relished and appreciated, even now after we'd known each other as intimately as any two people could for over a year.

My fingers pressed into the back of his neck as I clung to him, loving the feel of our bodies joining as much as I had the first time we made love. Whatever exhaustion I'd felt just hours before was gone, replaced by a renewed need for that wonderful feeling being with him created in me.

Tristan cradled my face and grimaced sweetly as he stopped, filling me completely. "God, Nina, I wasn't sure we'd ever find our way to this place we're at now."

His eyes were so full of emotion I wondered if there was something wrong, something bad he had to tell me. I waited, my body clinging to his as he stared up at me, each second ticking by making me sure there was something wrong. "Tristan, is everything okay?"

With a smile that made every worry I had fade away, he said, "Everything's perfect."

He said nothing more as we continued to make love, and as he took my body to that place only he could, I closed my eyes and thanked God for my husband. As he came, he held me tightly and kissed me, whispering how much he loved me.

"Promise me we'll never turn into people who forget why they got married," I asked, loving moments like this. "I never want this to end."

"I promise," he whispered into my hair. "No matter what, we'll be the people we are right now.

His heartbeat slowly returned to its normal rhythm as I rested my head on his chest, his strong arms wrapped around me, protecting me as his promise eased my soul. No matter what, I hoped we'd always be the people we were at that moment.

Hours later, as he slept quietly next to me in bed, I sat awake, exhausted yet unable to sleep because of the fears that had settled into my mind. Something was wrong with me. I knew it. I needed to see a doctor and face whatever this was.

Tristan left for work early, and I pushed away my fear to call for a doctor's appointment. As if fate knew I'd be on edge until I find out what was making me sick, I was lucky enough to get one that afternoon. Hopefully, I'd find out all my fears were for nothing.

Hopefully.

Chapter Two

Nina

Dr. Anshon's waiting room teemed with people, all of us struggling to find something to read to avoid making small talk as we sat there stressed out about whatever sickness we each had. A dog-eared copy of Marie Claire was all that was left on the table in front of me, so I picked it up and pretended to read about the best hairstyles for last year's holiday season, all the while unable to concentrate on anything but the fear that what was wrong with me was what took my mother from me all those years ago.

I had so many things I wanted to do. After all Tristan and I had endured to be together, I'd hoped we'd have a child or even a house full of children. Ever since he told me about his dream of those twin girls-our twin girls-I'd hoped that we'd be blessed, but every month my period came just as it always had since I was fourteen and every month I consoled myself with the idea that there was no need to hurry.

That we had our whole lives to look forward to, and of course, we'd have children eventually.

Now I worried that our time had already been cut short, and we'd never have a family. Just the thought of everything being taken away from me brought me to tears, but as I sat there in that waiting room with others wearing the same look of concern, I had to remind myself that all this was just speculation. I could just need a B12 shot, or I might need to get more exercise. I had gained a few pounds since we returned from Europe, so that might be it.

Feeling better for the moment, I looked around at the waiting room's decor. On the pale teal blue walls hung pictures of nature scenes, each one focusing on an exotic location. The one closest to where I sat looked to be a tropical setting, and the artist had chosen iridescent blues and greens for the water lapping up on the beach. It consumed my thoughts for a few minutes as I fantasized about us taking our next vacation to an island just like it, and then I was back to worrying.

"Nina Stone," a voice called out, and I looked to my left to see Dr. Anshon's nurse Jana smiling at me.

I stood and as we walked back to the examination room, we made small talk, mostly about my name change, which she had read about in the paper. No matter how low key Tristan and I had tried to make our wedding, it had ended up on Page Six, minus any pictures, of course.

Jana pointed at the scale in the room. "Let's see how much you weigh, Nina."

I removed my shoes, hoping to shave off any extra pounds I could. It was no use. I knew I'd gained some weight. My clothes told me every morning. I just didn't know how much.

"135. Okay, hop up on the table and let's get your pressure and temperature."

As the evidence of my brand new ten pounds resonated in my mind, I took my seat on the paper covered examination table and Jana attached the blood pressure cuff to my right bicep. My arm felt like it was going to explode, but I was preoccupied with my weight gain. Ten pounds would certainly explain my feeling run down. Dragging around extra weight like that would tire anyone out. It was salads for me from now on.

Jana told me my blood pressure and temperature, but I didn't pay attention. I was too busy feeling relieved. This wasn't going to be so bad, after all.

The door opened and Dr. Anshon came in, her bright smile easing any leftover concerns that still plagued me. I'd seen her since I'd first moved to Brooklyn, and every time her warm smile had made me feel better. A petite woman with dark brown hair and brown eyes, she was beautiful in an unconventional way since her eyes were too small for her face, but that smile of hers made up for that slight imperfection.

"Mrs. Nina Stone, I presume?" she teased in a sweet voice. "Jana told me she saw the write-up about your wedding to none other than Tristan Stone himself, Nina. She didn't show me a picture, though."

A blush warmed my cheeks. Lowering my head, I couldn't help but smile. "We tried to keep it small, but everything about Tristan seems to attract the attention of the gossip pages."

"From now on, you should expect that everything you do will cause them to wag their tongues too, Nina," Jana said from the chair next to me.

She wasn't wrong. I knew all too well that the paparazzi would be all over me visiting a doctor, so my two new bodyguards had made sure no one saw me and I'd even gone in the back door to the building, just to make sure. It all seemed ridiculous to me, but what did I know? I didn't care one bit about anyone's doctor's appointments but mine.

"Yeah, well, I'm just me. There's nothing interesting to report on me, so they can stick to writing about real celebrities."

Dr. Anshon sat down in front of me on her rolling stool and looked up. "So what are you here for today?"

All of a sudden, everything I'd worried about flooded back into my mind and I choked up as I tried to explain what I'd been feeling. "I'm sure it's nothing...I mean, now that I know I've packed on a few pounds, I'm sure it's that."

"Just tell me what's going on and we'll figure it out," Dr. Anshon said in her comforting voice.

I took a deep breath and let it out slowly, allowing my shoulders to sag as I tried to relax. "I'm tired all the time. No matter how much sleep I get, I'm exhausted. As you see on my chart, I've gained ten pounds. I know I probably shouldn't have, but I went online to try to find out what's going on with me and other than being relatively sure I don't have the Plague, I don't know what's wrong."

Just saying it brought me more relief than I thought possible. Dr. Anshon nodded and asked, "Are you pregnant? It sounds like the early months of pregnancy."

I shook my head and frowned. "No. I haven't missed a period, so we can rule that out."

She stood up and patted me on the shoulder. "Well, I think I know what you're worried about and while I can't say for sure it's not what your mother had, I can say let's get some blood and see what's going on so we can get you back to feeling on top of the world, just like a newlywed should, okay?"

"Okay. Sounds good."

She scribbled something on my chart and turned to speak to Jana. "Please escort Nina to the lab. Tell them I want these back ASAP."

Dr. Anshon turned back to face me. "Don't worry about my putting a rush on these tests. It's just that I don't want to see you worried any longer than you have to be. Give me a couple days and I'll give you a call when I find anything out. Until then, go home and enjoy that new husband of yours, okay?"

I nodded, thankful for her kind gesture and for making sure we found out what was going on as soon as possible. As I left with Jana to head down to the lab, I hoped what she found out was something simple and not the one thing that would put an end to all my dreams and happiness.

* * *

Jordan stood next to me holding up a shirt in front of her. "Is it me?"

I examined the floral pattern next to her face and shook my head. "It's a little hippie for you, isn't it?"

Shrugging, she hung the shirt back on the rack. "I don't know. I thought maybe I should find a new style, but you're right. I'm not a flashback kind of chick."

"Why do you need a new style? I like this Jordan."

She frowned slightly and shrugged again. "I don't know. I just figured maybe I should change something up. You know, since Gage is out in LA with all those beautiful people, I thought maybe I should change things up a bit."

I smoothed her long blond hair away from her face and shook my head. "He's only gone for a little while, Jordan. That doesn't mean he's going to get all Hollywood on you. He liked you like this. Why would you think you should change?"

"I don't know. Just feeling insecure, I guess. I'm so very...well, New York, but what if he wants a sunny California girlfriend instead?"

"First of all, you do remember who we're talking about, right? He's more down-to-earth than any man I know. Second of all, you being New York is exactly what makes you so fantastic. This is the greatest city in the world, and you are its finest example of that greatness. You're gorgeous, smart, and genuine. No one talks the talk and walks the walk like you do. Don't change anything, you hear me?"

Nodding, she forced a smile. "Got it. Thanks for keeping me on the straight and narrow, Nina. I guess I was just feeling a little worried about all those stunning actresses he's probably seeing every day and night out there."

"He's got a stunning elementary school teacher right here, so who cares about those starlets? He wouldn't like them anyway, Jordan. More likely, he's simply doing his silent as a statue thing while he guards that kid Tristan got him set up with. It's just for a few months and then Mr. Teen Superstar will be done with his movie and back here and Gage will be back with you."

"You're right. Forget a new style."

I knew what was bothering her. Gage had dated an actress before he came to work for me, but that was then. Now he had my beautiful best friend in his life. "That phony grin tells me all I need to know. You're worried about him meeting someone out there, aren't you?"

"Not just someone. Her. You told me he seemed pretty sad about her when he told you about them. What if he's not over her?"

Whipping out my phone, I Googled Angela Macaran. At the bottom of the first page of search results I found what I was looking for. Turning my phone toward Jordan, I pointed at the screen. "There. No worries, even though you shouldn't have any."

She leaned in and squinted at the screen. "Actress Angela Macaran on location in Paris with her husband." Looking up at me, Jordan smiled. "Well, I guess that's that."

I pulled my phone back and shut off the screen. "So no more talk of her with Gage. And forget about any of those other starlets. Got it?"

Grabbing another shirt from the rack near us, Jordan saluted me. "Got it, Sarge."

"Good. Now let's get out of here and get some lunch. There's a salad with my name on it."

Jordan began chastising me about my weight obsession, but my phone rang, saving me from her lecture. Looking down at the screen, I saw it was Dr. Anshon's office. "Hang on. I have to take this."

Turning away, I swiped to answer the call and pressed the phone to my ear. My heart raced as every worry I'd worked so hard to conceal came rushing to the surface. "Hello?"

"Nina, it's Jana from Dr. Anshon's office. She wanted me to call you to let you know you have nothing to worry about. The tests came back. You're pregnant."

All of a sudden, the world seemed to come to a dead stop. Pregnant? That was impossible. I hadn't missed a period. How could this be? "Jana, is the doctor sure? I haven't missed a month."

"Dr. Anshon was surprised too since she remembered you saying that, but that's why she wants you to get checked out immediately. She had me make an appointment for you at a specialist OB-GYN who handles high risk pregnancies. Don't worry, though. It's not that she's convinced anything's wrong, but the fact that you haven't missed your period and the test still shows you're pregnant means this is a unique case. You have an appointment with Dr. Michaelson this Monday at eleven. If you need anything between now and then, don't hesitate to call, okay? And congratulations!"

I mumbled my stunned thanks and pressed End on my phone. The store felt like it was swimming around me, so I grabbed onto the clothes rack and shook my head to clear out the confusion. Pregnant. Tristan and I were going to have a baby.

"Nina, what's wrong? Who was that on the phone?"

"The doctor. She found out why I've been so tired lately."

A look of pure terror crossed Jordan's features, and she grabbed a hold of my shoulders. "It doesn't matter what she said. Tristan's not going to take the word of just one doctor. You've got enough money to fly around the world and find a cure for whatever it is, but I can tell by your face that it's bad."

Slowly, I shook my head. "No, it's not."

Jordan's expression of fear turned to one of confusion. "It's not? Then why do you look like you're going to fall over?"

"I'm pregnant. Dr. Anshon says I'm pregnant."

I'd never seen such happiness in Jordan's green eyes before. "Pregnant? Oh, my God! You're going to have a baby!"

Nodding, I smiled, still unable to believe it was true. A baby. We were having a baby.

"You look like you're going to pass out. Let's find you a seat."

I looked around for somewhere to sit and saw a chair near the dressing rooms. Making my way over to it, I barely kept myself standing my legs were so shaky. Sitting down, I dropped my bag and turned to face Jordan crouching next to me. "I wasn't expecting this. I guess I'm just surprised."

"Honey, I imagine you two have been at it like bunny rabbits, as all newlyweds are. If you aren't on the Pill, it was bound to happen."

"I actually stopped taking it when Tristan left. I was never very good at remembering anyway, so it was easy to stop. Then when he returned, I just never started again."

"Then you could be up to four months pregnant already?" she asked in amazement.

Lowering my voice, I explained, "I haven't missed a period. I wasn't holding out on you. I just didn't know. What if that means something's wrong?"

Jordan gently ran her hand up and down my forearm to ease my worries. "Don't think like that. There are women who go the entire nine months without missing their period. I saw one on the Discovery Channel who never even knew she was pregnant. She just thought she was putting on winter weight. Then one day she felt like she had bad stomach cramps and before she knew it, she was the mother of a perfect baby boy. She barely made it to the hospital. So don't worry. That little boy or girl growing inside you will be just fine."

"Thank God for your love of the Discovery Channel or I'd never know about these things," I said with a chuckle. This was why Jordan was the best kind of friend. Even in moments when I was terrified, she knew just what to say to make me smile and forget my worries.

"Damn right. Somebody's got to watch the medical oddities of this world. You know what this means, right? You don't have to be consigned to Salad Hell. Now you're eating for two."

"Oh, that's good because I wasn't looking forward to that. I should call Tristan and tell him."

"Good. Let's get out of here and get some real food in you. I'm starving too, so it's perfect timing."

I took my phone out and thought about how I'd tell Tristan he was going to be a father. This wasn't something to be done over the phone, so I stuffed it back into my bag. "I'm going to tell him at dinner tonight. That seems like a better way to break it to him."

Jordan took my hand as we walked out of the store. "Break it to him? I'm thinking he's going to be thrilled. I'm thrilled, and I'm only going to be an honorary aunt."

"Honorary nothing, Jordan. You've been more like a sister to me than my own sister ever has, so there'll be nothing honorary about it. From now on, you better get used to Aunt Jordan."

Beaming her trademark gorgeous smile, she nearly bubbled over with excitement as we walked among the crowds of people sharing the sidewalk with us that Saturday afternoon. "Oooooh, Aunt Jordan. That's got a great ring to it. You know what this means. I have to get my apartment baby-proofed. All those sharp edges have to go. And I'll need to get those outlet cover things-you know, the clear plastic things you put right into the outlets."

"You have time. I haven't given birth to the little one yet."

She turned toward me and shook her head. "Miss I Might Be Four Months Pregnant, I don't have that long. Oh, I just thought of something. You may have missed the entire first trimester. That means you might not have to deal with morning sickness."

"I like that," I said with a smile. "Anytime I can avoid getting sick is good for me." Suddenly a thought tore through my brain. I'd never stopped drinking those chocolate cake martinis! I skidded to a stop and shook my head. "Jordan, I didn't know. I never thought for a second I might be pregnant. I just had a drink last night!"

"Honey, it's okay. You're not an alcoholic. Christ, you barely drink socially. I think you'll be fine even though you had a few drinks in the past few months. Now you know, so you'll avoid them until after when we all celebrate the arrival of the newest member of the Stone family."

"I just didn't know. I hope they didn't hurt the little guy," I said sadly.

"Don't worry about it, Nina. I'm sure your doctor would say the same thing. It's going to be okay. And what's this about a little guy? Am I going to be an aunt to a boy?"

"I don't know. I didn't even think before I said that. Do you think that means something?"

Jordan tugged on my arm to get us walking again. "I think it means you're hungry for a good meal, my treat. Today, we celebrate and we can talk baby names over lunch. Now let's go before all these people beat us to a table!"

Chapter Three

Tristan

Pulling the Jag through the security gates at the bottom of the driveway, I ran my fingers over the black velvet box resting on the passenger seat beside me. Hidden inside it was a necklace I hoped Nina would love. Never very good at that kind of thing, I thankfully could count on Angelo, who seemed innately attuned to what looked good.

I turned the car off inside the garage and grabbed the box, stuffing it into my suit coat jacket. I hadn't figured out how I wanted to surprise Nina, but since she'd called me to let me know she was making a special dinner for us, tonight would be the perfect time to give her my gift.

Throwing my keys on the hall table, I yelled, "Anyone home?" as I made my way to the kitchen. The room was empty and there was no sign any cooking had happened there all day. Confused, I walked down the hallway toward our room, wondering if something happened to cancel our date. The fear that Nina had had another accident instantly made me worried, but before I could reach the bedroom, I heard her yell for me from the dining room.

"I'm in here, Tristan! Just give me a second to get everything ready."

Relieved that my worrying had been for nothing, I stopped a few feet away from the doorway, curious about what awaited me. After a long day at the office, I didn't care what food she cooked or what the special occasion was. All I wanted to do was spend time with my beautiful wife and relax.

Nina peeked her head out of the dining room, and I saw that sweet grin she put on when she was up to something. "I have a big surprise for you."

"Good. I have one for you too."

The mischievous expression slid from her face. "A surprise for me? What are you up to, Tristan Stone?"

"Does a man have to be up to something to surprise his wife?" I asked not-so-innocently. In fact, I had a reason to surprise her. I'd received the proceeds from the sale of my share of Club X three days earlier, so today was a perfect time to give her a present to show her how much I loved her.

"Yes, he does. That's okay, though, since I'm up to something too," she said with a wink. "Come in."

As I walked into the dining room, I saw our ordinary table and chairs and the same dinnerware we always used. Nothing looked different, as far as I could tell. Nina wore a yellow sundress, which was more formal than we usually were for dinner, but even that wasn't really different since she was barefoot, like she always was around the house. I took a seat and crossed my arms to pretend I was angry at her keeping secrets, even though I knew she was planning something sweet in her typical Nina way. "So what's this thing you're up to?"

Nina sat down in her chair to my left, just as she had that first night we'd had dinner together all those months ago. She looked just as she had that night, and for the first time since then, I wanted to replay that moment. Taking the serving fork in my hand, I served her a slice of ham. After scooping out some sweet potatoes and cauliflower onto her plate, I smiled at the recognition on her face. She remembered that night too.

As I filled my plate, she said quietly, "You better give me some more ham. I'm feeling like I need to eat some more now."

Never a big eater, Nina sounded like she was trying to tell me something with that, but if I was supposed to figure it out, I was missing the point. I placed another slice of ham on her plate and took a long look at her. Nope. She didn't look any different, but there was definitely something she was hiding.

"Suddenly a fan of ham tonight?" I asked. "I figured the ham was for me since it's my favorite."

"It is. I just think I should eat more."

I cut up a piece of ham and served it to her as I tried to figure out her cryptic hints, but it was no use. I had no idea what she was up to. "I hope I'm not ruining your surprise, but I don't know what I'm supposed to be getting here. Maybe we should begin with my surprise?"

She seemed to consider the idea for a moment and nodded. "Okay. I'm pretty curious what surprise you could have for me, so I can wait to give you yours."

Taking the jewelry box from my jacket, I slid it across the table toward her. "Surprise."

Her eyes grew wide at the sight of the black box in front of her. "What is this? What's this for?"

"Being you. I sold one of my businesses, and since I sold it for you, I thought it would only be right to get you something."

She opened the box and saw the diamond necklace Angelo had sworn up and down she'd love. Not that I doubted his choice, but it was a little extravagant for her taste. A diamond studded choker, the necklace dropped down to showcase three one caret diamonds that Angelo said would land just above her cleavage. Five carets total, it was fancier than what Nina usually wore, but I wanted her to see herself as I did.

As a goddess. My goddess.

"Oh, my...it's gorgeous, Tristan," she said in a voice full of awe as she lifted the necklace out of its velvet box.

I stood and walked behind her to help fasten it around her neck. "Here, let me help. Angelo says it's called something like a Venus necklace."

Nina held her hair up, and after I closed the clasp, I walked around to look at her wearing my gift. Just like a goddess. "I hope you like it."

She looked down and lightly ran her fingers over the diamonds resting on her tan skin. "Oh, it's beautiful." Looking up at me, she asked, "Why did you get me this? Not that I don't love it, but what's the occasion?"

"I sold my part in that club in Florida-the one I went in on with Chase. After I told him about wanting to get out of Top, I decided I didn't want to be in Club X with him either. So I contacted the other owners and they were happy to buy me out."

"So you just went out and bought me a necklace because of that?" she said with a shy smile, not seeing the connection.

"I wanted out of those businesses because of you. I'm a happily married man now, so I didn't want to be bothered with clubs and Chase."

"Was this Club X like Top?"

I knew where she was going with that question. "Not exactly. I just didn't have any interest in being involved anymore."

"You said the owners were happy to buy you out. What about Chase?"

Nodding, I explained, "Chase got himself into some tight spot with money, so he was happy to hear they'd buy him out too. Everyone won and everyone was happy."

Nina ran her fingers over the necklace again. "How come you never took me to this Club X like you took me to Top?"

Always with the questions. "Well, in the first place, I should never have taken you to Top, but I never took you to Club X because you meeting Chase was bad enough. I didn't want to introduce you to the owners, three eligible bachelors, one of whom reminded me of myself."

Arching one eyebrow, she looked at me intrigued. "So you worried I might like this man? I think you're crazy. There's nobody like you, Tristan."

"Well, not exactly like me, but the oldest brother Cassian reminds me a little of me when I was younger. I couldn't be sure you wouldn't fall madly in love with him and never want to come back."

Nina rolled her eyes and made a clucking sound with her tongue. "You're silly. I would never do that. It's nice to know you were worried, though. Makes you even more charming, if that's possible."

"Good. I can always use a little more charm, especially with you, Mrs. Stone. So now you can tell me what you're up to with this surprise dinner."

From under the table, Nina pulled out a baby's onesie like the one we'd found in the attic and placed it on the table. Inside near the collar was my name sewn in so the nanny had known it was mine. I picked up the tiny blue outfit and ran my fingers over the fabric, noticing how soft the cotton felt. Lowering it, I looked at Nina, confused. "Did you find something in the attic today?"

Shaking her head, she smiled sweetly. "No. I just thought you should see that."

I looked down at the onesie and back up at her. "Okay. Now I'm feeling really stupid because I have no idea what you're trying to tell me, Nina."

"I just thought you should get used to seeing that around. We're going to have more around like that, but maybe in pink. I don't know yet."

Nina's words filtered through my brain, and my jaw dropped as her meaning became clear. A baby? She was having my baby. "When? How? How long have you been thinking you're pregnant?"

"About five hours. I had no idea. I went to see Dr. Anshon because I've been so tired these days. She did a battery of tests, including a pregnancy test, and her nurse called me today with the news. I was as stunned as you are. I hope after the stunned goes away you'll be happy, though."

I stood from my chair and pulled her into my arms. Cradling her face in my hands, I looked down into those beautiful, sweet eyes staring up at me in anticipation. "Happy? I'm out-of-this-world happy. I'm the luckiest-man-on-Earth happy."

"It's so early, though. We just got back and you're so busy at work. We never even discussed this and now it's possible we're a third of the way to becoming parents."

"A third of the way? Really?"

"It could be. I don't know how this happened." She stopped and a sexy smile spread across her lips. "Well, I know how it happened, but I never missed a period, so I had no idea."

Bending down, I kissed her on the tip of the nose. "All the better. Any guess as to when the big day is?"

She shook her head. "No idea. I don't know when we conceived. Dr. Anshon made an appointment with the OB-GYN for Monday, so hopefully I'll have some answers after that."

"Well, until we know, we're still in honeymoon mode, so I think I know exactly how I want us to spend the rest of this night."

She looked behind her at the table full of my favorite foods. "What about dinner?"

I slid my fingertips over her shoulders and down her arms as I nuzzled her neck. "I like the idea of breakfast in bed more. We can spend the entire night making love, and in the morning, I'll make your favorites and serve you right in bed."

Turning to face me, she gazed up into my eyes in that way that made me want to push aside the platter of ham and bowl of sweet potatoes and take her right there on the dining room table. I kissed her hard, loving the fact that this woman I adored was going to give me a child. That she was going to be the mother of my son or daughter. I didn't think I could love her more, but now as I stood there with her in my arms after what she'd just told me, I adored her truly as the goddess of my world.

"You have a way of sweeping me off my feet, Tristan Stone. I can't say no to you."

"Why say no to a night of incredible sex and then breakfast in bed?" I asked, unsure if she was kidding or that she actually considered saying no.

"Well, I have been pretty tired."

I knew from the lilt in her voice that even though her expression was serious, she wasn't. I liked teasing her as much as she liked teasing me, though, so I knitted my brows and said, "That's true. Perhaps I should tuck you into bed and get some work done. I have a few projects that really need my attention."

Nina stared up at me with a look of disappointment in her eyes. Finally, after a long moment of trying to figure out if I was teasing her, she asked, "You're not serious, are you? I was just kidding about being tired."

I shrugged and shook my head. "I don't know. You have been a little rundown lately."

"I do know, and I say we should head to the bedroom right now."

No matter how I tried, I couldn't keep the smile from my face. I loved when Nina acted like this. "So you're not tired?"

Slipping from my hold, she grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the hallway. "I've never felt more awake." Then she stopped and turned to face me. "And I knew you were teasing the whole time, by the way."

"You don't know teasing. I'll show you teasing, princess."

"Is that a threat, my dear husband?" she asked, her eyes wide as she looked up at me and her fingers toyed with the buckle on my belt.

I shook my head. "No threat. Just a warning."

Nina unbuckled my belt and pulled both ends of the leather out in front of me, tugging me toward her. Licking her lips, she smiled. "Oooh, you're in a playful mood. First one to the bedroom gets to tell the other what he has to do."

She turned to set off toward down the hall, but I caught her by the arm and held her there in front of me. Her playfulness made me want her right there, and I didn't want to wait. "Not tonight, baby. Tonight, we do it my way right here. I think this is probably the only room we haven't christened since we got back from our honeymoon, so it's about time."

I slid off my jacket and unknotted my tie before I began unbuttoning my shirt. All the while Nina stood there watching me with a wide-eyed look like she had that first night I brought her here. I threw my clothes over the back of the nearest chair and took her by the hand. She slid her hands across my chest and up over my shoulders and whispered, "Right here? All that food just gone to waste?"

Shaking my head, I lifted her by the waist and positioned her above my already rock hard cock. "No. Wrap your legs around me."

She did as I commanded, but added, "I still have panties on, Tristan."

I reached behind her as she clung to my shoulders and with one quick tear, ripped the cotton panties off her body. Throwing them onto the floor, I thrust my hips upward, sending the tip of my cock through her wet pussy. "Not anymore. Any more questions?"

"Just one. What are you waiting for?" she said with a sexy smile.

I slid my hands down to her ass and held her above me. Another thrust against her pussy and over her excited clit elicited a needy moan from her, and I said quietly in her ear, "Teasing, remember?"

She nudged up my body trying to outmaneuver my hold, but she was no match for my strength. "Don't tease, Tristan. You know I hate that."

Another thrust of my cock up over her clit and then back down again, this time so close to sliding inside her I had to pull her body away for a moment. In the past with other women, I could play this game for hours, enjoying the feel of them wanting something so badly it hurt and hearing them beg for my cock inside them, but Nina was different. Even when that part of me that loved control wanted to come out and play, I had no choice but to give in to her.

I adored her too much to not give her everything she wanted.

"I thought you wanted to play a little tonight," I said as I gently eased her down onto me.

She buried her face in my neck and whispered, "No more playing. Just give me what I need. Please."

Cradling the back of her head, I turned around to face the wall and gently pushed her back against it. I leaned back away from her and looked into those eyes so full of desire. "Don't let go."

She nodded, weaving her fingers together behind my neck, and I placed my palms flat on the wall as I looked down at her. Her expression was a mix of need and impatience, and so her. Those big blue eyes stared up at me and she bit her lower lip as I made her wait just a few seconds longer before I pushed my hips forward to send my cock deep inside her waiting cunt.

Her nails dug into the back of my neck as I plunged into her wet and willing body over and over, her heels pressing hard against the base of my spine urging me to fuck her faster and harder. My lips devoured hers. Each ragged thrust of my cock into her brought that tiny grunt into my mouth I loved to hear her make. I wanted to please every inch of her, to experience every part of her body that made her feel good.

She moaned, "Yes," against my lips, and I knew she was close. I slid my hands down the wall at the first twinge of her cunt tightening around me and cupped her ass to keep her on me as we rode each other toward that final moment when the two of us came. Her losing control and giving in to what I made her feel pushed me close to the edge. Biting my lip, she cried out as her release tore through her, and I watched as the woman I loved exploded around me, drenching my cock with her juices.

As the tiny tremors of her release began to subside and Nina eased her hold on my neck, I pushed her hard against the wall one last time, burying my cock inside her as I came so hard my legs nearly buckled underneath me. My fingers dug into her cheeks while I held on as my cock released into her.

Sweaty but satisfied completely, I looked down and kissed her on the lips, softer now. "And they say married sex is boring."

Nina smoothed the damp hair that clung to my forehead and pressed her lips to mine in one of her gentle kisses she always gave me after we'd made love. "They don't know this married couple, I guess."

Pressing my forehead to hers, I said quietly, "No, they don't. What do you say to continuing this in our bedroom, Mrs. Stone?"

"Well, since we christened this room, I guess we could head into the bedroom. Have anything particular in mind?"

Slowly, I slid out of her and placed her on her feet. "I think you on top would work," I said with a smile.

She stood up on her toes and kissed me, whispering, "Your wish is my command. Lead the way, Mr. Stone."

Chapter Four

Tristan

Within a week, Nina and I received the good news that even though her pregnancy had been unconventional up to that point, she was fine and everything was going just as it should, except for the fact that we'd missed the first three and a half months of it.

And then she had her first ultrasound and our lives were instantly turned upside down.

I'll never forget the words the technician spoke as she slowly pressed her probe against Nina's abdomen. "I think we're looking at twins, Mr. and Mrs. Stone."

Twins. Two babies just like I'd dreamed about on our wedding night. The tech couldn't tell us the sex of the twins, but we were having two children. I shouldn't have been surprised. Twins obviously ran in my family, but I guess I'd always believed the general idea that they skipped a generation.

Nina looked up at me wide-eyed and squeezed my hand. "Twins! Just like that dream you had that night. Wouldn't it be incredible if it was twin girls, Tristan?"

"It would," I mumbled as I tried to decipher the small forms on the screen in front of us. Our children. Our daughters or our sons. Right there growing with each moment as we spied on them. Would they look like Nina with her soft blue eyes and light brown hair? Or would they be tall like me and have my eyes? Would they tend toward being quiet or would they have their mother's trait of loving to talk?

All of these thoughts raced through my mind as those two grey spots became real to me in that moment.

Nina beamed her happiness as the technician talked about how great a view we were getting and how our children seemed to be naturals at mugging for the camera. There were jokes about their innate good looks and charm too. All the while I stood there holding her hand amazed at the reality that we were going to have two tiny souls to add to our family in just a few months.

I drove us home as Nina talked and giggled about the babies. Still stunned, I headed in for a shower, hoping the water would help me get my head around the fact that our life together would be only us for a short time longer. I wished I didn't have to spend so much time at work. It would be years until we would just be Tristan and Nina again, but a vacation wasn't in the cards. Stone Worldwide needed me at the helm, especially with the new heart drugs making such great progress.

Nina sat on the edge of the bed gently running her hands over her belly and smiling like she had since the technician had given us the news. Looking up at me as I rubbed a towel over my wet hair, she said, "I still can't believe it. Can you? Twins. It's just so wonderful. I called Jordan while you were in the shower, and she nearly came through the phone she was so happy for us."

"I have to admit I'm having a hard time believing it," I said as I stepped into pajama pants. "I think we have some decisions to make."

"Like what?" she asked, her eyes filling with fear.

I sat down next to her, and cradling her face in my hands, kissed her on the forehead. "Do we want to keep this house or move? If we want to stay here, where do we want the nursery?"

Nina's fear evaporated and smiling again, she said, "I like this house. I know that sounds crazy since I hated it at first, but I want our kids to grow up here. As for the nursery, what's wrong with the room down the hall from this one? It will be perfect."

"When they get a little older, it won't be big enough, especially if they're girls."

"Then we'll buy another house, right?" she said as she ran her fingertips over my damp shoulders.

"Whatever you like. What about a nanny? We need to begin looking now."

Nina shook her head. "I told you I didn't want a nanny. I want to stay with the babies. The idea of a nanny makes me feel lonely for me and them."

I ran the towel over my chest and stood to throw it in the hamper. "Nina, two babies at the same time is a huge job for just one person. Why wouldn't you want some help?"

She thought about it for a moment. "I guess some help would be okay, but I don't want to be one of those moms who never spends any time with her kids. You never know how long you have on this planet, Tristan. I want to make sure my kids know I love them and like being around them."

Her veiled reference to her losing her mother worried me. Taking a seat next to her again, I asked, "Is there something you're not telling me-something the doctor told you?"

"No, but I was afraid I might have what my mother had and that made me realize I don't want to waste a minute of the time we have together with each other or our kids."

"Speaking of that, you know it's going to be a very long time before it's just us again. At least eighteen years. We'll be nearly fifty by the time the twins are off to college and we're back to being just the two of us."

Nina leaned back on her elbows and looked up at me mischievously. "What makes you think we'll just have two children, Mr. Stone? Maybe I want more."

I raised my eyebrows in not-so-fake surprise at the thought of a houseful of children. "You're talking to a man who until quite recently never thought he'd have any kids. Now it's more than two?"

"You're the perfect kind of man to be a father, Tristan. You say very little and when you do speak, it's usually some kind of order or something else serious. You'll be great!"

I leaned over to kiss her, loving the feel of her soft skin beneath my lips as I made my way over to her ear. "You make me sound like I'm no fun at all."

Nina ran her fingers through my hair and held my head where it was near her neck. "Mmm...I never said that. What you're doing right now is pretty damn nice."

Running my tongue over the shell of her ear, I nipped it with my teeth. "Well, I think we should see what else might be pretty damn nice. Don't you?"

Her hands traveled down my back, her fingernails gently raking my skin. In my ear, she whispered, "I like the way you think. Anything in particular you have in mind?"

I raised myself up on my hands and hovered over her as I slid my hard cock over the front of her already damp panties. Staring down into her eyes full of need, I smiled. "A few things. Maybe I can change your mind about being that serious guy."

* * *

The Jag felt good, like I hadn't been in the driver's seat for ages and now I was back where I belonged. Every inch of the interior shined like new, and I slid my hand over the console to the paddle, ready to take this perfect blend of machine and beauty on the ride of my life. The highway stretched out before me begging to be mastered. The engine revved as I stepped my foot on the gas pedal, but I needed more speed. Wanted more speed. I shifted into third gear and the force of the car lurching forward pinned me back in my seat, the leather enveloping me as I pushed the speedometer past ninety toward a hundred miles an hour.

Nothing in this world-not money, not sex, not anything-made me feel this alive. The Jag hugged the road, eating up the asphalt as it flew by cars like they were standing still, each one a different colored blur as I raced toward some unknown destination.

Music played on the car's stereo, but the sound of my heart pounding from pure excitement drowned out whatever song was on. Every ounce of me melded into this machine to make us one. It controlled me as much as I controlled it. I pushed it past a hundred and ten miles an hour, and the car took me along, holding me in to feel the rush of power as the wind slid over the roof, no match for the Jag or me.

I watched out the windshield as we passed trees that looked more like green and yellow streaks against the perfect blue sky that never moved. It alone held dominance over our speed. My hands gripped the steering wheel tightly, but tiny beads of sweat formed on my palms as my brain screamed, "Too much! Slow down! You can't handle this!"

It didn't matter if I could handle this. The Jag could. I shifted into fourth gear and the car topped a hundred and fifteen. Never before had I pushed it so hard to go so fast. I didn't know where I was going or why. All I knew was that I needed to go faster.

Over the sound of my heart pounding in my ears and my brain screaming warning after warning, I heard a tiny voice say my name. It was so quiet, but like a gentle whisper, it sounded like it was part of me.

"Tristan."

It repeated my name, adding, "Don't let us get hurt." I took my focus from the road for a mere second and looked to my right to see Nina sitting in the passenger seat. Her belly swelled from pregnancy, she looked up at me with those soft blue eyes, and even though I expected to see fear, I saw trust in them. She trusted me not to hurt her or the babies.

I opened my mouth to tell her she couldn't be there now, that I was driving too fast and one slip up could kill us, but before I could, I felt the car begin to lose control. What had been the smoothest ride I'd ever experienced quickly ended as the tires rode over rocks and gravel on the side of the road. We were out of control.

I was out of control.

Nina sat quietly as I fought to correct the car, but it was too late. The front bumper hit the guardrail, sending us into the air. She never screamed or cried. All she repeated again and again were the same three words. "Don't hurt us."

I didn't know how long I got to sit there staring into her eyes so full of trust and belief in me. Everything that had been so fast now seemed to move in slow motion. I reached out to touch her, knowing it would be the last good thing either of us would feel in this lifetime, and as I took her hand in mine, she whispered, "Tristan, save us."

The black Jag lay in a mangled heap in front of me. I had no idea how I could be standing there in one piece after the accident. Was I dead? My eyes quickly scanned every inch of the remnants of the car for Nina. She didn't seem to be anywhere in the car, but I couldn't move from where I was standing. My feet were like two blocks of cement.

"Nina! Where are you?"

She didn't answer. Was she out of the car somewhere like I was? Were we both dead? I lifted my right foot to take a step, and to my surprise, I could move it. Tearing around the tangled mess that was the Jag, I searched for her. Blood covered everything where she'd sat in the passenger side, and I stumbled back in terror.

"Nina! Don't leave me like this. Where are you?" I screamed but got no response.

I stood staring at the wreckage knowing what I'd done. Nina was dead, and I'd killed her. I'd denied her the one thing she'd asked.

People suddenly appeared surrounding me and the car. A man in a police uniform began to ask me questions about the accident. Was there anyone else in the car with me? What was my name? Was I hurt?

His words jumbled in my mind, and over and over I tried to respond but nothing came out. I cried out in pain, pointing at the blood on the car, but he simply walked away as he casually muttered words that chilled my heart. "Whoever it is, you killed them. You and your need for speed killed them. Happy now?"

And then I heard that same tiny voice call my name. "Tristan, help me..."

Pushing past the people still walking around the car and giving their opinions on the accident, I saw a hand in the brush a few yards away. Afraid at what I'd find but needing to know if Nina was okay, I slowly walked toward where the hand lay, seeing for the first time what I'd done. Her body lay mangled like the car, twisted into a form I barely recognized. Gashes carved into her face from when she crashed through the windshield seeped blood, but her eyes still stared up at me with that gentle look of trust in them.

"Tristan, help me," she whispered.

Her words hit me with a force that knocked me back onto the ground, and I put my hands out to break my fall, feeling wetness beneath them. She repeated her plea as I lifted my hands to dry them only to see them covered in red. I was sitting in a pool of Nina's blood.

Horrified, I scrambled to my feet, but it was no use. The blood continued to flow from her, rising inch by inch up my legs until it covered her and I couldn't see her anymore.

"Nina! Nina!"

I woke up covered in sweat, my heart pounding in terror as I struggled to escape my dream. Quickly, I turned to see if Nina was okay. She lay silently asleep with her hands curled under her chin like always, a tiny snore coming from her to tell me she was all right.

Pulling her toward me, I held her in my arms, afraid if I let go my dream would return. She mumbled something sweetly as she melded to my body, and then she was back asleep, never knowing the nightmare that had terrorized me.

I lay there for a long time staring up at the ceiling, my mind awash in confusion and fear. I knew what this was. I'd had nightmares for years since the plane crash. Doctor after doctor claimed they were the result of my unconscious mind's need to express the anxiety I kept hidden inside. They always added that if I'd just let out some of what I feared in my sessions with them that I'd surely see some improvement.

Let out some of what I feared. What I wanted to say to them was, "You live through a fucking plane crash and be impaled on a goddamned steel pole so you have no choice but to watch your family die around you, and then you tell me how much you want to relive any of that, assholes."

Needless to say, therapy was never successful and I stopped going after a while, preferring to fight my demons my own way. Then I'd had Rogers to watch over me. Now I was the one who had to do the watching over Nina and the babies, and somewhere deep inside me a tiny voice whispered that I couldn't do it. That I would fail them as I'd failed everyone who'd ever depended on me.

* * *

"Tristan, are you planning to come to bed?"

Nina looked over at me as I sat at the desk staring out the window instead of doing the work I'd claimed I needed to do. I hadn't looked at my laptop for nearly twenty minutes. After my dream the night before, I wanted nothing more than to avoid sleep.

Padding up behind me, Nina wrapped her arms around my neck and whispered, "You look exhausted. Didn't you get any sleep last night?"

I turned to kiss her, loving the feel of her body next to mine. "I slept."

"Don't lie to me," she said sweetly. "I know you were tossing and turning for hours, and you weren't there when I woke up. Something wrong?"

"Not a thing," I said in my best lying voice.

She looked directly into my eyes. "You sure?"

"What could be wrong? I've got everything a man could want. Gorgeous wife, happy marriage, a couple kids on the way."

Nina studied my expression and after a moment gave me one of her gentle smiles. "I just thought maybe something at work was bothering you. You know if there was you could talk to me, right?"

"I know, but work is fine. Nothing going on there but the usual."

Moving around me, she nestled into my lap. "I know you, Tristan Stone. You're worried about something, so just spill the beans."

She stared into my eyes with a look so intent I knew I wasn't going to be able to brush her off. There was no way I wanted to tell her about my nightmare. Whatever madness my mind was cultivating had nothing to do with her and everything to do with me. Saddling her with it wouldn't do any good.

With as genuine a smile as I could muster, I took her face in my hands and pressed my forehead to hers. "There's nothing to worry about, Mrs. Stone. Your husband is fine. I have a lot of work to finish, so you better get yourself to bed. You're sleeping for three now, you know."

My attempt at being cute garnered a giggle from her, the kind that never failed to make me truly happy. "I don't think that's how it works. If that were the case, I'd never get out of bed."

Leaning back, I tapped the tip of her nose with my forefinger. "Well, then you better get yourself to sleep. I'll be there in a little while. Don't worry. I'll just be over here working hard."

She kissed me softly and nodded. "Okay. If you need anything, I'll be right over there. Don't stay up too late."

"I promise. I'll be there in just a few."

Whether Nina believed my lie or not, she headed back to bed and fell asleep in minutes. I wanted to be there next to her, holding her in my arms as I drifted off to sleep, but my terror at what thoughts my mind would create kept me fast in my chair. The numbers and details in the Ryder Pharmaceutical report on my laptop's screen swam in front of my eyes after a while as I fought against the need to sleep, but it was no use and I felt my eyelids begin to slowly lower.

The sound of Nina's muffled cries made my blood run cold, and I ran through the house yelling her name, praying I wasn't too late. My heart slammed against my chest at the fear I wouldn't find her before they hurt her.

"Nina! Where are you?" I shouted over and over, but all I heard in response were her quiet pleas to find her.

I stopped at every doorway, my eyes frantically searching for any sign of her, but she was nowhere. No matter which way I ran, her voice remained the same soft cry so full of fear.

"Tristan, help me!"

Images of them pressing their hands hard over her mouth to stop her from letting me know where she was raced through my mind, filling me with the purest fear I'd ever felt. I saw her blue eyes wide with terror begging me to find her. I had no idea who they were or why they wanted to hurt her, but I knew they would.

I tore down the hallway toward our bedroom, but as I turned to enter the room, the door began moving away from me. I stuck my hand out to turn the doorknob, but it was just out of my grasp. "Nina! Come toward the door!"

Suddenly, her voice became clear, and she screamed, "Don't let them take me, Tristan! Save me!"

I ran full speed at the door, but it continued to move away from me, always just out of my reach. Nina still screamed her plea for me to help her over and over, but I was powerless. No matter how fast I ran, the door never came any closer. I pushed my legs to their limits, my muscles feeling like they were about to explode out of my thighs, but I was too slow.

Finally, a piercing scream stopped me dead in my tracks, and I looked down at my feet to see Nina's broken body lying there in a heap. Her blue eyes looked up at me so full of pain, still pleading with me to save her. She was so small there, so in need of my protection, and I'd failed her. Her dress hung flat against her hips, a sign that our children were no more.

I'd failed them too.

I fell to the floor and took her in my arms, but she was limp. They'd killed her and our children. They killed them and I couldn't stop them. Pressing my lips to her cold cheek, I kissed her and as the tears rolled down my cheeks, I whispered, "Nina, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I tried. I swear I tried. Don't leave me like this. I tried. I tried."

Chapter Five

Nina

I watched as Tristan gradually began to look like all my pregnancy books said women typically felt. He never seemed to sleep, even though he came to bed each night exhausted. Every day I felt more wonderful than the day before, and he grew more and more worn-down. Finally after weeks of him doing his walking dead impression, he came home with a renewed love of life. He sat down next to me on our bed, barely able to contain his smile.

"Hey, baby. You look like the cat that ate the canary. Did Stone Worldwide's stock go through the roof or something like that?"

Beaming, he shook his head. "No, nothing like that. Something even better. I have to go to London to handle some business, and I thought it would be a perfect trip for us to take together."

Tristan began to explain all the places we could visit after he finished working each day. I'd never really had any interest in London, but he made it sound so incredible that I couldn't say no, even though I wasn't sure a pregnant woman in her second trimester should be flying halfway around the world.

I took his hands in mine and raised them to my lips in a kiss. "Okay, you've convinced me. London it is. When do we leave?"

A look of complete relief washed over his features. "We'll leave tomorrow. The pilot already has his orders. All I needed to do was convince you. We'll be there for a week. I can't wait for you to see the London penthouse. It's in the West End and surrounded by great museums you can visit while I'm working, accompanied by bodyguards, of course. You'll love it!"

I hadn't seen him this excited in nearly a month. This was the side of Tristan I adored more than anything else in the world. When I saw those soulful brown eyes light up in delight like this, I couldn't help but love him even more. I wanted to make every day as good for him as life was at that moment for me.

"Then I can't wait! I'm wondering if I should contact my doctor first, though. I am carrying twins, and that isn't something necessarily commonplace. I don't want to put them in danger, Tristan."

Nodding, he appeared to get lost in thought. "Of course, of course. We need to call him tonight and find out. I can assure him that unlike on commercial airlines, I can have a doctor there for you every step of the way, if that's what you need." Jumping up from the bed, he moved toward the door as he continued, "I'll find out who can travel with us right now while you call your doctor. That way, no matter what he says, we're covered."

In seconds, excited Tristan seemed to turn to almost frantic Tristan. This wasn't like him at all. Standing, I grabbed hold of his arm before he raced out the door. "Hey, relax. We're good. I'm sure the doctor will say everything's a go. Just give me a little bit since I'm sure I'm going to get his service."

Taking my face in his hands, he nodded quickly. "This is going to be great for us. Just what we need. Some time away never hurt. I'll make a few calls so if your doctor says he's concerned at all, I can assure him it will all be okay."

With that, he was off and tearing down the hallway to arrange everything for our trip. His enthusiasm was contagious, and as I dialed Dr. Michaelson's number, sure I'd get his answering service, I had to smile. I was damn lucky to have a husband who surprised me with gifts and trips like Tristan did.

"Hello?" a male voice intoned into my ear.

"Dr. Michaelson? This is Nina Stone. Do you have a minute?"

"Of course, Nina. Are you feeling all right?"

"Oh, yeah. I'm fine. It's just that my husband wants me to go on this trip to London with him, but I wanted to make sure it's okay. I mean, I feel fine. I just don't want to do anything to endanger the babies, that's all. He said he can have a doctor with us for the trip, if you think that's necessary."

"Well, you're around five months pregnant. Usually I don't suggest my patients take long trips like that, especially with multiples, because it puts a lot of strain on your legs and feet."

"Oh. We won't be traveling commercial, so I'm sure I'll be able to get up and stretch whenever I need to."

As I said those words, I cringed a little. They sounded so pretentious. Traveling commercial. Who said that? Before I met Tristan, I'd never even flown on a plane, commercial or otherwise, and now I sounded like some Park Avenue snob.

"I was thinking that might be the case," Dr. Michaelson said with a chuckle. "I'm doubting the doctor will be necessary, but I think I'd feel better if I knew you had them along. How long will you be gone?"

"Just a week, so not too long."

"Okay, check in with my nurse when you return, and if you run into any problems, I want to hear from the doctor traveling with you. Other than that, take it easy, rest when you need to, and enjoy your trip."

"Thank you! I'll be sure to call the nurse as soon as I get back. Have a great night, Dr. Michaelson."

I ended my call feeling good about our mini-vacation. If my OB-GYN had been concerned, I would have reconsidered the trip, as much as I knew it would disappoint Tristan. The two souls I carried were everything to me, and if that meant I had to stay home, then I would have for their sake. London would always be there.

"Tristan!" I called as I made my way down the hallway. "Where are you?"

As the last word left my mouth, he came racing toward me with a worried look on his face. "Everything okay?"

"I'm fine," I said, trying to reassure my suddenly very nervous husband. "You're like a cat on a hot tin roof tonight. Are you sure everything's okay with you?"

Shaking his head, he smiled. "I'm sorry. I guess I'm just excited about this trip. What did the doctor say?"

"He's fine with me going. He likes the idea of a doctor being around, though, so if we have one that would probably be better. It's the twins thing, I think."

"It's all arranged then. We leave tomorrow morning. I'm going to do some work tonight, but you get some rest."

He turned to walk away, but I grabbed for his hand. "Wait a minute! You just got home. Can't we at least have some dinner? It's barely eight o'clock. I'm not tired yet."

"I'm not hungry. I'm sorry, but I have a lot of work to do. I need to be up-to-speed when I get to London."

Suddenly, a terrible thought crossed my mind. Tristan was acting weird. Was he doing coke again? Unlike the wife I knew a lot of women would be, I wasn't going to make myself sick wondering because I wanted to avoid some silly confrontation with him. If he was going to act bizarre, I was going to ask why.

Pulling him back toward me, I asked point blank, "Are you back to doing coke again? If that's what this acting crazy business is about, I won't tolerate it, Tristan. I told you I can deal with a lot of things, but a cokehead for a husband and father to my children is not one of them."

As if my words had alarmed him, he stopped moving and stared down at me. After a long moment, I finally heard him say what I needed to hear. "No, it's nothing like that. I've just got a lot on my mind lately. I promise I'm not back to the coke."

I wanted to believe him, but I knew there was something else, something more than work or things on his mind. That he wouldn't or couldn't tell me about what was troubling him made me sad. "Tristan, no matter what you're dealing with, you can tell me about it. I'm always here to lean on. I hope you know that."

Bending down, he pressed his forehead to mine and closed his eyes. "I know. You have enough to handle being pregnant. You don't need to hear me complain about work and other nonsense."

I wrapped my arms around him in an embrace and held him to me. "I don't care what it is or if you think it's nonsense. If it's bothering you, it's important," I whispered near his ear. "I hope you know that."

He squeezed me tightly, and I knew he was dealing with some burden, even if he didn't feel like talking about it yet. "Don't worry about me. I'm fine. You're the important one in this group, remember? I'm not the one carrying our children."

His hands slid down my body to cradle my baby bump, and he smiled as he looked down at it. "Speaking of that, we need to get to work deciding on what their nursery is going to look like after we get back from London."

I watched as he gently moved his thumbs over my stomach and smiled. "We don't know what the sex is, Tristan. I don't want to make it all pink and frilly, and then we have two boys or design it in all blue with trucks and airplanes, and then we have two little girls."

"Isn't there some unisex color for babies? What is it, green or yellow?"

"Yellow could be good. Maybe ducks?" I asked, knowing he was trying to get my mind off his odd behavior.

"Ducks? A room full of ducks?" he asked, looking up at me.

"It's cute. We can decide when we get back. Right now, I want to sit down and spend some time with you before you become chained to your desk again."

I didn't know what part of that upset him, but a darkness crossed his face by the time I finished my sentence. He forced a smile, but I knew something was wrong. I'd just have to wait for him to tell me.

* * *

The Richmont London was just as wonderful as I expected it to be. I'd pumped Tristan for information about the room decor for hours on our flight, and for once, he seemed happier to be on the plane than he had back home. Far more formal than his other properties, the London location still impressed me. As at all his hotels, the staff greeted us with warmth when we arrived, and we were quickly shown to our penthouse suite.

Exhausted from the trip, I made a beeline to the nearest bedroom and flopped down on the king size bed, loving the feel of the firm mattress under my aching back. This having babies business was tough on the body, and Dr. Michaelson hadn't been wrong about me needing to stretch my legs on the flight. Even though I had gotten up and moved around a few times, for the first time, a plane ride had really tired me out.

I stretched my weary body as Tristan lay down next to me looking the very picture of relaxation. As he weaved his fingers in mine, I couldn't help but comment on this new Tristan. "I don't think I've ever seen you so happy after a flight. Is there something about London I should know because it seems to have a wonderful effect on you?"

Nuzzling his lips to the spot on my neck just under my ear, he chuckled. "No. I'm just happy to be here with you. That's all."

He trailed kisses over my skin to my shoulder as I took in the gorgeous design of the Royal Albert Suite. The canopy bed sat on the dark hardwood floor in the middle of the enormous room, surrounded by cappuccino brown walls on three sides and a full bank of windows on the fourth wall covered in pale gold sheers. Above our heads, the gold and paprika red colored canopy completed the design, making me feel warm and secure. The designer had done a wonderful job of making what could have been a sterile, large space quite welcoming, and I felt myself falling in love with this latest hotel of my husband's.

"Your properties are really stunning, Tristan."

"Our properties, princess. Ours."

I rolled over and saw him grinning at me. He said those words so easily, as if they were second nature to him, but I continually had a hard time thinking of anything he owned before we married as part mine. You could take the girl out of the middle class, but you couldn't take the middle class out of the girl.

"I don't think I'll ever get used to that, you know."

Tristan kissed me softly on the cheek and whispered, "Yes, you will. The hard part will be to make sure our kids don't get too used to it."

He was right. I'd always been so thankful my father had grounded my upbringing in our middle class values. I knew what it meant to work hard and achieve things. I was forced to account for my behavior, and when that meant I got in trouble, I didn't get what I wanted sometimes. But Tristan came from a world that smacked of entitlement. He'd always had everything he wanted.

"How are we going to do that? How did you learn to work hard and earn things?"

"My mother," he said with a smile. "She always made sure Taylor and I knew as easily as things could come to us, they could be lost. Unfortunately, my father had more influence over Taylor, but because I always gravitated toward her, my mother's ideas about money and possessions became my ideas."

Climbing on top of him, I sat across his stomach and looked down at the serious expression he always wore when he spoke of his mother. "She did a good job, Tristan. Money and things come and go, but it's the people we love that matter. We just have to make sure that our kids know that too."

He gently ran his palms over my rapidly expanding stomach and nodded. "We will. I promise I won't spoil them too much."

I twisted my face into a fake scowl as I remembered how he spoiled me from practically the moment we met. "I know you, Tristan Stone. When you care about someone, they always benefit. I just want you to promise me our children will understand the value of people as much as they do things. I want them to be like us, not your brother."

"Don't worry. They'll be wonderful, just like their mother."

Bending down, I smooched his cheek. "Such a smooth talker."

Sliding his hands around my waist, he settled his palms on my ass and pulled me into him. "Only with you, princess."

"Don't you have work to do, Mr. Stone? We didn't come to London to make love, did we?"

"Not really, but I just figured since we're here and in bed..." he said with a sly, sexy look in his eyes.

Just then, his phone vibrated in his pants' pocket. Rolling off him, I said with a giggle, "Perfect timing."

Tristan rolled his eyes and swung his feet off the bed as he answered his phone. "Yes?"

The person on the other end began to speak, and I instantly saw my husband's expression grow serious. He walked out of the room, leaving me alone in the Royal Albert Suite to think about how lucky I was.

Tristan's meetings took up the entire next day as he worked to solve some problem that had occurred between the hotel and some high level government official on his last stay at the Richmont London. Apparently, a nervous hotel employee had unceremoniously nearly outed the man and his mistress, and now he was calling for an investigation into the legality of Tristan's ownership of the hotel in the UK under some arcane law no one had thought about for over a century. His attempts at business diplomacy left me with an opportunity to visit a museum or two, and I was drawn to one nearby, Pollock's Toy Museum.

A tiny building painted red and green on the main floor, it was actually two houses joined by three narrow staircases. As I walked through looking at the wide assortment of toys, everything from board games to Russian nesting dolls, I found myself in the Teddy bear and doll house room. The stuffed animals seemed to cover every inch of space, and near a tiny window a family of tan bears sat around tea cups having their very own tea party.

The room began to feel hot, and I knew I'd overexerted myself with all those staircases. As much as I wanted to stay and see the rest of the museum, my thighs began to cramp, so I quickly bought a Teddy bear in the gift shop and made my way back to the hotel, worried that I'd put the babies in danger because of my need to wander around instead of waiting for Tristan in the room.

I laid down on the bed, instantly feeling better as the pain in my legs eased, only to hear my phone ring. Lifting it off the night table, I saw it was Jordan and swiped my phone, happy to hear from her. "Hey, you! I was just resting after visiting a museum. What's up there?"

"Nothing. I just wanted to talk to a friend."

Her voice trembled, like she was holding back tears. "Jordan, what's wrong? What happened?"

"It's over," she said as she began to sob unlike I'd ever heard her before. "I just got off the phone with him. He's not coming back."

"Oh, honey, I'm so sorry. Why would Gage be acting like this? Did you have a fight?" I asked, heartbroken to hear two of my favorite people hadn't been able to make it work together.

"I don't know, Nina. I think he's found someone else. Maybe that woman he was with before." Jordan began to cry harder, making her words impossible to understand.

I hated hearing her like this. "Shhh, don't cry. It's going to be okay."

"I hate to be a bother, but I really need a friend at this moment. Would you be okay with me coming out there to hang out for a few hours? I'll leave before Tristan comes home so he doesn't have to deal with my weepy ass self, but I don't want to be alone now."

"I'm not at the Dutchess County house, Jordan. I'm sorry. Tristan surprised me with a trip to London."

Jordan sniffled. "Oh. Okay. It's no big deal."

It was a big deal, though. My best friend was sobbing into my cell phone over losing someone she cared about, and all I could tell her was that my husband had whisked me across the Atlantic Ocean on his private jet to his five-star hotel in London. All the times she'd listened to my sob stories and lent me a shoulder to cry on, and the best I could do was help her long distance.

"That doesn't mean I can't talk, though. I'm all ears."

"It's okay, Nina. I mean, it's got to be the middle of the day there. You have better things to do on your vacation than talk to me about something silly. Tell Tristan I said hello and call me when you get back, okay?"

"Jordan, it's all right. I'm just lying here resting up a bit. I have all the time in the world."

The phone fell silent for nearly a minute, but in the background I heard her crying again. When she returned, all she said was, "I have to go, Nina. I didn't mean to impose. I should just be a big girl about this and accept that it just was never meant to be. I'll talk to you when you get back. I love you."

Before I could assure her she hadn't imposed and I wanted to talk, she hung up. A lump formed in my throat at the idea of how sad she sounded. Why had Gage broken it off with her? I hated the very possibility that I'd brought them together thinking he was a great guy, but now he'd left her high and dry. Had he gone back to that Angela woman? As my mind launched into best friend mode, I thought about calling him but decided against it. That would only make things worse. I called her three times, but her phone went directly to voicemail.

She'd moved into hibernation mode. I knew all too well how that went. Alcohol, ice cream, greasy fast food, and too much TV on top of lying in bed and listening to sad songs would be on the menu for the next few weeks. There would be a constant loop of that Goo Goo Dolls song and Sarah McLachlan song from the City of Angels soundtrack, two of our favorites when we felt like love had kicked us in the ass once again.

As I imagined her alone in her apartment feeling like she didn't have a soul in the world to turn to, Tristan returned from his meeting all smiles. My frown stopped him dead, though, and racing to my side, he asked, "What's wrong? Did something happen? Why are you in bed?"

"Jordan and Gage broke up. I just got off the phone with her. She's heartbroken."

Tristan's shoulders sagged and he let out a deep sigh. "Oh. You had me scared there for a minute, Nina. I thought something had happened."

My frown deepened. "Something did happen, Tristan. Jordan is a mess about this. She really cared about him and he broke up with her over the phone from LA."

"I'm sorry. I get it. She's always been there for you. Why don't you call her back?"

"I tried. She's turned her phone off. I feel terrible for her. I set them up, and now he's bailed on her."

Pushing my hair back from my face, Tristan leaned over and kissed me. "It's not your fault, Nina. Maybe they just need some time apart."

I turned my face away from him. "Do you know what I would have said if someone told me that when we had any one of our fights? What would you have said to someone who said that to you?"

He gently pulled my face back toward him. "I would have told them to stay out of my life. I imagine you would have been more colorful."

"Tristan, I want to go back home. You won't miss me since you're in meetings most of the day, and to be honest, I'd feel better being close to my doctor. I went to a museum today and felt pretty rundown by the time I got through only half of it."

"Were the bodyguards with you? Are you okay now?" he asked, those brown eyes of his filled with concern.

"They were, but I didn't need them. I'm fine, but I think being close to Dr. Michaelson would make me feel better. We were only going to be here a week, so it's no big deal. We can come back after the babies are born. You won't miss me too much."

"Yes, I will, but I can't blame you for having a kind heart. I also can't blame you for wanting to be at home. Every female at the meeting today gave me a nasty look when I announced my wife who's five months pregnant came with me."

"I wanted to come, but I'm glad you understand why I want to go home early. You'll be back in a couple days anyway, and maybe I'll ask Jordan to stay with me until you return. That way no one is hanging out alone."

"Except for me," he said with a grin, teasing me.

"Are you trying to make me feel guilty?" I joked.

"No. Let's get you ready to go home. The sooner you're off the plane and back on New York soil, the better."

Chapter Six

Nina

Tristan was right. By the time I got back to New York, I felt so much better. Being in my own house and my own bed, even if I was without Tristan, made me more comfortable. He'd be home in just a few days anyway, so I'd have a chance to spend some time with Jordan and help her ease her broken heart.

I called her as soon as I woke up the morning after getting home and convinced her to spend a few days out of the city with me. Indian summer had settled into the countryside around the house, and for late September, it felt more like the dog days of August. We could hang out in the garden during the day, swim a little in the pool, and relax at night as we figured out alternatives to ducks for the nursery, all the while I'd be doing what I could to make sure she didn't crawl into a hole of depression I already heard traces of in her voice.

Jensen opened the car door, and Jordan stepped out into the sun, her hand shielding her eyes like she'd already made a home inside that hole. Slowly walking toward me, she looked so dejected. Her normally bubbly self, that spitfire everyone knew and loved, seemed absent, replaced by someone so full of sadness.

I opened my arms to hug her, and she hung her head and just leaned into me. Wrapping my arms around her, I held her tight as she quietly sobbed. I couldn't help the tears as they welled up in my eyes. Jordan was always so tough, and now she felt so small next to me.

As she continued to sob, I whispered, "Hey, no crying allowed, lady. I'm a pregnant woman. I might just break down into a pool of hormonal mess."

Jordan leaned back away from me and shook her head, a tiny smile creeping onto her lips. "Pulling the pregnant lady in distress card on me? Lame."

"Come into the house and get yourself settled into your old room. Then you and I are going to relax like we're at the beach in this heat. How did you end up convincing your principal to give you three days off in the middle of the week?"

"I get a handful of days off a year, so I just told her I needed to use them. I must look like a truckload of shit because she didn't even ask why. She just gave me that fake smile she puts on for the parents and went back to shuffling through a stack of papers on her desk."

"Well, I think you should look at this as a vacation from real life. You name it and we'll do it. Deal?"

I bent down to pick up her bag and a twinge of pain shot up my right thigh. Grabbing my leg where the charley horse started, I groaned a little louder than I meant to. Jordan quickly took the bag from my hand. "You okay? That didn't sound right."

Straightening my back, I took a deep breath and shook my head. "No big deal. Just pregnant lady stuff. You try gaining nearly twenty pounds and see how you feel."

Jordan looked me over and nodded. "You really do look pregnant now. How are my two nieces doing these days?"

I ran my palms over my belly and grinned. "They're just fine. You do know they could be your nephews."

"I'm not doing so well with males these days, so I'm hoping for girls," she said in a voice tinged once again with sadness.

Before we both began crying right there on the front doorstep, I took her hand in mine and pulled her into the house. "Come on. We've got relaxing to catch up on and I want your help with picking a design out for the nursery."

As she walked through the entryway with me, she mumbled, "Since they're going to be girls, I say go with pink. Case closed."

I twisted my face into a grimace and rolled my eyes. "Just come on."

Lying on my side across Jordan's bed, I listened as she explained her breakup with Gage and tried to figure out what had happened to something that had started out so great. Every word was laced with the familiar insecurity every female of dating age experienced, some more than others, when a relationship broke up and there wasn't a shred of closure to be found.

"I thought we were good together, Nina. I mean, I never gave him a hassle about being out in LA, even though I missed him a ton. I may have felt insecure because of all those stunning women out there, but I didn't think I was screaming "I'm needy" all over the place." Jordan turned her head and stared out the window. Lowering her voice, she said quietly, "Maybe I was and I just didn't know it."

Reaching out, I squeezed her arm. "Don't do this, Jordan. Of all the people I know, you are the least needy."

She turned back to face me wearing an expression filled with pain. "Then maybe that's it. Maybe I didn't need him enough. Was I supposed to tell him I missed him and couldn't wait until he came back all the time? That's just not me. I missed him and told him that, but I wanted him to know he had space to do what he needed to."

"What did he say when you talked to him the last time?"

"He was acting weird. I heard it in his voice. He sounded distant, but I didn't want to think it was anything. I knew something was wrong when he picked a fight with me. All I did was ask how things were going and when filming would be done, and he blew up at me."

"What did he say?"

"He said, 'I can't say, Jordan. Maybe we should just play it by ear, and when I get back to New York, we can get together and talk. I don't really have time for this right now.' You know me. I wasn't going to let it go at that. I said that I thought we were more than just phone pals who may or may not talk when he returned, and then it just escalated from there."

That Gage would say he didn't have time for her didn't sound like him at all. What the hell was going on with him? I didn't want to say it, but my mind immediately went to the idea of him getting together with his ex-girlfriend and then feeling guilty. Trying to sound sympathetic, I said, "It doesn't sound like it's totally over, though. Maybe he was just having a bad day."

She shook her head and frowned. "No. When I told him that I thought he was acting strangely, that all of this seemed so sudden, he accused me of not trusting him. Before I could say anything, he said this wasn't working for him and hung up."

"Oh." That definitely didn't sound like the Gage I knew. And it didn't sound good.

"Yeah, oh. So your single friend Jordan continues to be single. Forever, it seems."

I sat up and shook my head. "That's nonsense. If you want to not be single, there are millions of men who would bow down at your feet to help you with that. Don't let this one get to you."

Jordan nodded her agreement, but I knew she didn't think that way. Love just always seemed to elude her, even though I couldn't imagine another person deserving it more.

"I just don't know, Nina. I thought Gage could have been the one. We had a good time once we finally got to know one another. It felt right. He wasn't some asshole who expected me to play dumb to make him feel like a man or some guy who just played around. I just don't know what happened. That's the worst part. One day we were okay, and then the next day we're done."

"I know it's hard to believe now, but he's not the only guy out there. You're the greatest person I know, Jordan. I mean that. You're smart and funny, and you have a heart like no one else."

Wiping a tear from her eye, she said quietly, "Then why is it everyone else has found someone but me? You know what I want? I want what you have. Not the money or all that, but someone like Tristan. He's so crazy in love with you. I want that. I want a guy who calls my friends like he did when he called me that night you left for Italy. I heard something in his voice then that I've never heard in any man I've ever been with."

I tried to lighten the mood a little. "It was probably utter frustration with me. I was such a fool for doing that."

"No, it wasn't that. It was..." She stopped and thought for a moment, and then she got an intense look in her eyes like she was searching for something. "You should have heard him, Nina. It was like he'd lost part of himself, like he'd lost something so dear to him he couldn't go on unless he found it. I want that."

Instantly, I missed Tristan more than I had since Jordan came to visit. He'd be home in a little over a day, but at that moment, I wanted to feel his arms around me as we lay in bed and I talked his ear off about something or another while he just smiled at me, all the time quietly listening.

"You're lucky, Nina. Tristan would protect you with his life. You mean as much to him as he means to you. That's the real thing. I want that."

"You'll get that. You will. Just because it wasn't Gage doesn't mean it's not out there for you, but I'm not convinced it's totally over with him either."

Sadly, she said, "I wish it wasn't."

I took her hand in mine. "Remember what you always say-good things happen to good people."

"I want to believe that. I do believe that. I just don't know why when everyone else around me is finding love, I'm still the same old single Jordan."

"When it happens, you'll see that it couldn't have happened at any other time. Then it will be everything you deserve."

As the tears rolled down her cheeks, Jordan smiled. "Is this what happens with pregnancy? You get all philosophical?"

I stuck my pregnant belly out and with a chuckle said, "I'm doing my best mom work here. How's it sound?"

Jordan wiped her eyes and sniffled. "It sounds like my nieces are going to have a great mom."

"Speaking of the babies, you need to help me figure out something other than ducks to decorate the nursery. It has to be unisex, so any ideas?"

"Why unisex? Aren't you finding out the sex of the babies before they're born?"

"No. Tristan and I decided to leave that a mystery until that day."

"New age hippies," she said with a laugh. "Well, if the unisexual ducks aren't good, we'll have to come up with something else."

"You up to checking out some nursery designs? I'd like to get going on this soon. I only have a few more months, and that's assuming they don't come early. Twins often do, so I may not make it to full term."

She swung her legs off the bed and reached out to take my hand. "Lead the way. Those ducks have met their match."

Her words were still tinged with sadness, but I hoped that sometime soon she'd see that even though Gage and she broke up, love was still out there for her as long as she believed it was.

Jordan and I spent hours searching for ideas for the nursery, and we were shocked at how much grey was popular in unisex nursery design. Grey and white, grey and yellow, grey and green-it all looked like some depressing winter palette had taken over the baby world.

Clicking on a page that claimed to be the Latest in Nursery Design, I saw more grey. I turned to Jordan sitting next to me at the dining room table and said with disappointment, "Why are all these babies' rooms designed to look like January in the northeast? I think I'd grow up depressed if I had my first months in a room like this."

"You can't put my nieces in a room like this, Nina," she said as she pointed at the grey and mustard yellow design on my laptop's screen. "Damnit, you can't even put my nephews in that room. I think the Puritans had more colorful nursery ideas."

Everything was so washed out. I wanted a nursery with flair, and all I saw page after page was blah. I clicked on another link and saw a jungle themed room. Tristan might not be crazy about green, but this design was cute. I could imagine our children in their cribs surrounded by monkeys, giraffes, and elephants all frolicking in their jungle habitat.

"What do you think of this one?" I asked as Jordan leaned in to check it out. "The room could be painted white with a dash of vibrant greens and yellows."

"It's sure as hell better than that washed out stuff we've seen for hours. I say go with this one. At least it won't lead to your kids being depressed."

"It's settled then. Jungle it is. As soon as Tristan gets home, I'll show him and convince him that jungle is a good look for the nursery. We're going to have to go shopping for baby furniture too. I doubt he'll want to do that with me, so I hope you're up to it."

"You know me. I'm always up for shopping. We'll make a day of it and do lunch too."

Jordan seemed more upbeat than she'd been since she arrived. I didn't have the heart to tell her that just touring a tiny toy museum had worn me out, so a day of shopping probably wasn't going to happen. Instead, I just nodded and listened as she happily planned our day out, pleased she was focused on something other than the breakup with Gage.

* * *

"Nina, this business here is much more involved than I thought it would be, so I'm not going to get home tonight like I planned."

Tristan's news right after I woke up the next morning started my day off pretty badly, but I understood. It didn't mean I was happy about it, though. Rubbing the sleep from my eyes, I asked, "When do you think you'll be home? We have a doctor's appointment soon."

"That's not until right before Halloween, so I'm sure I'll be home by then. That's nearly three weeks from now. I'm hoping to be back by next week."

"Oh. Okay. Jordan's here with me, so I have company. We picked out a nursery design. I'd hoped to show it to you since we have to go shopping for furniture soon. I want to get that done and completed before I get too far along."

"Don't be sad, princess. I promise it will go by fast. In the meantime, we can get the room designed by anyone you want. Pick a designer and let them go at it."

"Trying to buy my happiness?" I asked, sounding sharper than I'd intended.

"Don't be upset, Nina. I won't be gone long, and I'm only a phone call away."

"You're thousands of miles and a huge ocean away, Tristan."

"We can Skype, if you like. How's that sound?" he asked, being so sweet I couldn't stay angry at situation.

"Okay, but it's not the same. I don't think cuddling up with my laptop is going to be like lying here with you."

"I know. I miss you too. I'd rather be there waking up next to you, watching you snore as you sleep and holding you in my arms. I promise it won't be long."

"Okay, but I don't snore. We need to establish that before you hang up the phone and go into another meeting," I joked, trying to make up for being so surly just a minute before.

"You do snore, but that's all right. I love that part of you too. Tell Jordan I said hi, and I can't wait to be back with you as soon as I can."

"I love you, Tristan. When we Skype you'll see I'm getting as big as a house. The babies must be getting big now. At least I hope that's it or I'm just getting super chunky."

"I'll call you later, and don't worry about what you look like. You're gorgeous, so you have nothing to worry about."

I told him I loved him again and heard him say it one more time before I pressed End on my phone and laid back on my pillow. At least this time our time apart wasn't going to be for any terrible reason. I hated that he would be gone for another week, but he was the CEO of Stone Worldwide. I had to understand this kind of thing was going to happen once in a while. As long as we were together for the babies' births, we could handle a few days apart as I busied myself with designing the nursery and bolstering Jordan's spirit.

And then one week turned into two. And two weeks turned into three.

By the time late October came around, the jungle themed nursery was complete and Jordan was back on her emotional feet again. She'd even gone out on a date with a guy she'd met one night at Tony's Pizza Heaven. It hadn't been the beginning of a whirlwind romance, but it was a new beginning for her.

I had gained at least another five pounds, but other than feeling like a beached whale, I was happy, except for missing Tristan. Each day I hoped when he called that he'd say he was coming home, but the laws of the UK continued to make that an impossibility.

Jordan had to go back to school after our first few days together, so I spent my time doing what all the pregnancy books called "nesting." Most days it involved an odd need to clean and straighten things, which confused Maria, but she was sweet about it, even if she couldn't understand why I trailed behind her tidying up rooms she'd just finished cleaning.

I also spent an hour or so swimming each day. I'd read in one of my library of pregnancy books that it was a great activity for pregnant women since it allowed them to get exercise, but it wasn't hard on the body.

So every day right around two in the afternoon, I put on my maternity one piece bathing suit and marched myself down to the pool. Just a few laps at a time with a rest in between each set, but it made me feel good, especially concerning the cramps in my legs, which had become an everyday occurrence. Sometimes the babies would move around as I swam, making me feel like the three of us were getting exercise. I'd talk to them and tell them how much their father and I couldn't wait until we finally got to see their sweet faces, the sound of my words echoing in the pool area.

Like every other day, I climbed out of the pool after my swim on the last Friday before Halloween, tired but feeling good. Looking up at the clock on the far wall of the room, I saw it was close to three o'clock. Jordan would be back within two hours, and Tristan would be calling soon, hopefully with the news that he was finally coming home.

Grabbing my towel from the lounge chair, I bent down to dry my legs and feet, barely able to reach my toes because of my belly. As I wondered if I'd ever get back to my pre-pregnancy size, the room began to spin. Slowly I raised my head, remembering that lightheadedness was normal for pregnant women and all the books had said to move slowly to avoid making the dizziness worse, but it was no use. I reached out for the chair to keep my balance but missed it. The last thing I saw was that chair at eye level and the Italian tile floor of the pool deck coming up to greet me.

Chapter Seven

Tristan

Darkness surrounded me as I felt my way along the smooth wall, unsure of where this was or how far away the exit was. The heat pressed down on me, making it hard to breathe, and sweat rolled down from my scalp into my eyes. I stopped to wipe my forehead with the back of my hand and then continued feeling my way, hoping my fingers would touch a doorframe or corner sometime soon.

My eyes strained to sense even the tiniest speck of light, but there was none. This was like swimming in a pot of black ink. I called out for Nina and the kids, hoping to hear their voices to lead me out of this darkness, but my pleas went unanswered. I had no idea how long I'd been here. Hours? Days? I didn't have a clue. How far I'd walked down this hallway I didn't know either. My legs ached, but I didn't know if that was because of the heat or how far I'd gone.

My drenched collar rubbed against the skin on the back of my neck, and with each step, sweat rolled down my back beneath my shirt. Why was it so hot?

"Nina! Where are you? Can you hear me?"

Again, there was no answer from the darkness.

I felt the wall end and stopped, hope springing up inside me. Pushing my hands out in front of me, I searched for another wall or anything to guide me, but I felt nothing. I spread my arms to my left and right, but suddenly the wall that had been there for so long was now gone.

"Nina! Answer me! Tell me where you are!"

The faintest sound of a baby's cry hit my ears and sent my body into overdrive. Nina and the kids were there, somewhere in the distance, and I had to find them. I lunged forward and felt the ground drop away beneath me. Flailing to grab onto anything, I fell through the darkness as the baby's cry became louder and louder with each passing second.

The sound of my phone ringing pulled me from my nightmare, and I sat up trying to shake the memory of it from my mind. Every time I laid my head down I had a different version of the same nightmare-Nina needed my help, and I couldn't find her, no matter how hard I tried. This one included a baby, but it was the same nightmare that had haunted me for weeks.

Swiping my finger across the face of my phone, I held it up to my ear and heard a female voice. "Tristan? Tristan, are you there?"

"Nina?"

The voice on the other end fell silent. When I heard it again, I knew something was wrong. "It's not Nina. Tristan, it's Jordan. There's been an accident."

Suddenly, it felt like all the oxygen had been sucked from the room and I was left hanging suspended in midair with nothing to grasp onto. One thought ran through my mind-I had to get home. Jordan began explaining what happened, but I wasn't listening anymore. Everything was moving in slow motion, even though I was racing around the room mindlessly throwing things into my suitcase. It was like moving under water in one sense and fast forward in another.

"...but I don't know how long she was there. She usually took her swim between two and three, so I don't think it was long. I don't understand why this happened. She told me you hired more security, so why didn't they see her lying there on the floor?"

I stopped dead and stared at the Teddy bear Nina had gotten me from the toy museum. Quietly, I answered Jordan's question with the terrible truth. "Because of me. I turned off the security cameras in the pool area months ago." I reached out and ran my finger over the soft fur of the stuffed animal staring up at me. "Because of me."

Jordan's voice shook with fear. "They brought her to the hospital near the house, but her doctor wanted her at Lenox Hill. I'm here, and her OB-GYN is in with her now. Tristan, you need to get here."

"I'm coming. Tell her I'll be there as soon I can."

"Tristan, didn't you hear me? She's unconscious."

I let the suitcase slip out of my hold onto the floor next to me. "What?"

"I don't know how long she was lying there, but she was unconscious when I found her. Just come now. Please."

My head felt like it was spinning as each word sank in. Nina needed me, and I was an ocean away. My pregnant wife had returned home alone, and I'd done nothing but give her excuses why I had to stay in London.

Swallowing hard, I said, "I'm coming, Jordan. I'll be there as soon as I can."

"I'll be here right by her side, so don't worry about her being alone. I'm here. I'll see you in a few hours."

The phone went dead, and I mechanically slipped it into my pocket, my brain shutting everything else out but thoughts of Nina and how once again I'd failed her when she needed me most.

* * *

"Mr. Stone, it's good to see you," Dr. Michaelson said in his bedside manner voice. "Let's talk."

I looked past him through the hospital room doorway and saw Nina sitting up in bed. Relief washed over me as she smiled and waved. "Can I see my wife first?"

"I'd like us to talk before we go in and see her," he said in a tone that told me something was wrong.

I turned to face him and studied his expression. A middle aged man with salt and pepper hair and faded green eyes, his forced smile didn't reach up to those eyes, a telltale sign he was putting on a good face in front of Nina. Nodding, I followed him to a lounge down the hall and sat down across the table from him.

"Today's episode wasn't a major event. Nina's blood pressure fell, causing her to pass out. Her blood pressure is routinely low, but I've monitored it since she arrived here, and it's not in a range I'd like."

"What are we talking about, Doctor?"

"I'm going to order her to stay home for the remainder of the pregnancy, assuming the ultrasound we do tonight is okay. She's going to fight this, but I want you to be vigilant about it. I'd feel much better about this if we could get those babies to at least seven months, but I'm worried that won't happen without her staying put."

"And if the ultrasound isn't okay?" I asked with a lump in my throat, terrified at what he'd say next.

"Then I'm going to admit her."

"Okay. Assuming she's on bed rest, I'm going to move us to the penthouse at the hotel. I want her close in the city to me at work and the hospital here."

"I think that's a good idea. Now let's go deal with Nina, who I'm pretty sure is going to put that pout of hers on when I tell her the good news."

"Don't worry, Doctor. I'll figure out some way to make her happy with the arrangement."

Dr. Michaelson was more correct than he could have imagined. While Nina only showed him a little of her disappointment at his news, it wasn't long after he was gone from her room that her typical Nina pout was out in full force.

"He's going to make me stay in bed for weeks, or even worse, stay here," she said sadly. "I should be at home, not in the hospital."

Jordan took a seat next to her on the opposite side of the bed and leaned in to kiss the top of her head. "It's okay. It's just for a few weeks, Nina. My nieces are homebodies. They just don't want to go out anymore."

Nina wasn't buying any of her friend's attempts to make the situation lighter. Frowning, she mumbled, "Staying at home all day will be like being in prison."

"If you're on bed rest, we'll move to the penthouse. That way, you're closer to me at work and the hospital when it's time," I said, hoping she'd see we could make the best of a less than perfect situation.

Her eyes flashed her unhappiness as she turned to face me. "The penthouse? That's not home. I've never spent more than a few days at a time there." As she began to cry, she buried her face in her hands. "Now I don't even get to go home if they let me out of here."

I softly stroked her cheek, but she just shook her head. "It'll be okay, Nina. It doesn't matter where we are as long as we're together, right?"

She just continued to shake her head and slunk down under the covers. "I guess."

Jordan signaled she wanted to speak to me, so I kissed Nina and followed her friend outside into the hallway. She looked almost as sad as Nina standing there with her arms folded and a frown on her face.

"Nina seems really depressed, Tristan. What can I do? Tell me what to do. I hate seeing her like this."

I wasn't sure what to do. Nina was always the one whose bright outlook kept me positive. Seeing her so down unnerved me. "Whenever you can come by the penthouse, you're always welcome, Jordan. She needs you now more than ever to be the person you've always been. She needs to hear that good things happen to good people."

Silently, I admitted to myself I needed to hear it too. I'd thought nearly dying in that plane crash had been the most frightening thing I'd ever have to face, but the news that something had happened to Nina and the babies made my blood run cold as I stood there in that hotel room thousands of miles away. I never wanted to feel that helpless again. I needed to believe we'd all come out of this okay.

Jordan lightly squeezed my arm, bringing me out of my thoughts. "It's okay, Tristan. She's going to be fine, and soon there will be four in the Stone family out there in the country. Don't worry."

"Thanks. I hope you're right."

I gave her some time with Nina, hoping that she knew something to bring her out of her funk. I hated seeing my wife like that and not having a goddamned idea how to make her happy. I couldn't go against her doctor's orders, no matter how much I wanted to whisk her away to Venice or even London and hole up in one of our hotel rooms, pushing the world and all its troubles away as we lay in bed in each other's arms.

As I stood in the doorway watching Jordan try everything to bring a smile to Nina's face, the nurses came to take her downstairs for an ultrasound. I followed, praying to God we'd find out everything was okay with the babies, not only for their sake but for Nina's. Bed rest in our penthouse would be hard enough. Bed rest in a hospital would be torture for her.

Either way, I'd be there right next to the woman I loved. If it was in a hospital, then Lenox Hill would have to get used to me sleeping in the chair next to her bed.

While the ultrasound technician readied herself for Nina's examination, I took her hand in mine and brought it to my lips in a kiss. Bending down, I whispered in her ear, "No matter what, I'll be by your side. If you have to stay here, so do I."

She looked up at me and her face looked so sad. "You know you can't do that, Tristan. You need to be at work."

With the pad of my thumb, I wiped a tear from her cheek. "I need to work, but this is the twenty-first century, Mrs. Stone. They call it telecommuting. As long as I have a laptop and Michelle helping me at the office, I can handle everything I need to. But even if I can't work here, if you're here, I'm here."

Nina closed her eyes and whispered, "Oh, Tristan. What if something's wrong with the babies? What if they make me stay here for weeks? I hate being in the hospital. The hospital is for sick people."

I cradled her face in my hands and placed a kiss on her forehead. "We can't do anything but what we have to, Nina. We can handle this. The four of us will be together, no matter what."

Sniffling, she opened her eyes and nodded. "Okay. Together, no matter what."

The technician tapped Nina on the shoulder. "You ready? Let's see what these two are up to these days."

Just like before, she squirted the ultrasound jelly across Nina's very pregnant belly and began running the tool across her skin. Quickly, we saw our two children, perfect and content on the screen, but something was wrong. I saw it in the technician's expression. She continued to do the test, concentrating on the left side of Nina's stomach with a back and forth movement as the sound of the baby's heartbeat seemed to grow faster and faster.

Nina sensed something was wrong too. "What is it? Is there something wrong with her?"

"You already found out the sex?" the ultrasound technician asked, clearly trying to calm us as she moved her tool to the other side of Nina's belly.

"No. We're going to let it be a surprise," Nina said with a tiny smile.

"What color are you making the nursery if you don't know the sex?"

Nina looked up at me. "It's a jungle theme with monkeys and hippos and giraffes. Lots of green grass and blue skies, perfect for a boy or a girl."

"I think if I could do it all over again, I'd wait until my son was born to find out he wasn't a she," the technician said as she slowly guided her tool back to Nina's left side. "In the end, it doesn't matter anyway when you look at your baby for the first time and realize there's a little version of you right there in your arms. Boy or girl, they're the light of your life."

As she spoke, the sound of the left baby's heartbeat grew faster as once again she ran her exam tool over that part of Nina's stomach. I knew even though she was trying to keep Nina distracted, she was concerned about something.

Suddenly, she stopped and turned off the machine. "All done. Your doctor will have the report in a little while. Let me get the nurse to take you back to your room."

And with that, she left.

"I think the one on the left is a little jumpy," Nina said with a nervous chuckle as she eased herself off the exam table and into the wheelchair. "Not much for being on the small screen."

"That one is more like me then," I said with a wink.

We waited for another hour to see Dr. Michaelson, but in the end, he saw no reason to keep Nina in the hospital. The heartbeat of the left baby was a little fast for his preference, but with regular doctor visits, he believed if there was a problem, we could handle it.

Alone together in the hospital room, I sat on the bed as Nina got dressed to go to the penthouse, exhausted but relieved. She came out of the bathroom and without a word, she walked right toward me, and I took her in my arms.

"Tristan, I was so afraid something had happened to them. I don't want to mess this up. I'm sorry."

Leaning back away from her, I shook my head and looked into her beautiful blue eyes so full of concern. "You have nothing to be sorry for. You did nothing wrong. We're going to the penthouse and everything's going to okay. I promise. You better get used to me being around a lot. By the time these kids get here, you're going to be sick of me."

Nina kissed me and hugged me tightly in her arms. "I could never get sick of you, Tristan. Never."

Chapter Eight

Tristan

Nina lay sleeping next to me, all curled up like always, her head tucked into the crook of my neck and her warm breath against my skin. "Good morning, beautiful," I whispered next to her cheek as my alarm sounded it was time to wake up.

Mumbling something into my shoulder, she rolled onto her back. "It can't be morning already. I swear somehow nights are shorter now that I'm as big as a house."

"That's because you were up and down all night going to the bathroom," I said with a smile as I placed a kiss on the tip of her nose.

She turned her head to face me and frowned. "You were up all those times too, and now you have to do work all day."

I lifted her chin to kiss her full on the lips. "Don't worry about me. I don't plan to work all day. Not with you right here with me."

"But don't you have things to do? I don't want to ruin anything in your work. They expect you to be the CEO."

"Exactly. I'm the CEO. If I want to take a few hours off to watch a movie with my wife in the middle of the day, then that's what's going to happen."

"A movie?" she asked with a smile. "Is that what you have planned for today?"

I sat up and swung my legs off the bed. Turning back toward her, I nodded. "Yes. Well, that's one thing. That reminds me. I better make sure room service has Jiffy Pop. Can't have a movie without popcorn."

Nina's eyes filled with tears. "Jiffy Pop? That's so sweet. Come here, you incredible man, and give me a kiss."

I twisted around to kiss her and then leaned over to place a kiss on her swollen belly. "And that, my sons, is how you do it."

"Sons? Did you see something on the ultrasound?" she asked, her eyes wide with eager curiosity. I knew it was killing her not to know, but I'd gotten her to agree to suppress her very natural urge to know their sex until they were born.

Sitting up, I shook my head. "No. Just something that felt right to say. By the way, since the doctor believes you probably won't go to term, maybe we should talk about names."

Nina shrugged. "I thought we had names already. Diana and Tressa. I liked the way that sounded from your dream, so I just figured we'd handled that issue."

"What if they're boys?"

Her expression twisted gently as she thought about my question. Sighing softly, she said with a smile, "I hadn't thought about that. Two boys instead of two girls. We could always do our fathers' names."

"Maybe as middle names," I said, not wanting to explain why naming a son of mine after my own father filled me with dread. I didn't want my children to be like my father or brother. If I had sons, I wanted them to grow to be Stone men I could be proud of.

"I think I'm going to need some time to think about this, Tristan. Any ideas to help me?"

"Nothing yet, other than staying at home with my wife is exactly how I want to spend a Monday."

Nina looked down and rubbed her stomach. "Do you two hear this? Your father is one smooth talker."

I leaned over again and chuckled. "See boys? The women love smooth."

"Don't go teaching my boys how to be players, Tristan Stone. Smooth only works if the man is wonderful underneath."

My wife's naivete could still charm me, even after all we'd been through. Placing a tiny kiss on the tip of her nose, I whispered, "Smooth works all the time, princess. I'm off to the shower. Care to join me?"

The smile faded from her face, and Nina shook her head. "I'm sorry. I'm just worried that if we do anything we could harm the babies. You understand, don't you?"

"Abstinence it is, I guess."

Licking her lips, she slid her hand down my chest to palm my cock. "I didn't say anything about abstinence."

"Well, that's a different story." Her hand stroked me to hardness as she pulled me down toward her with her other hand. "Mmmm...I didn't realize pregnancy included this stage. Is this the horny stage?"

With a wink, she smiled. "I have no idea. This is my first time doing this. All I know is that if I keep feeling like this, you might not want to sleep in the nude anymore."

Maneuvering around my legs and her pregnant belly, she rolled over on her side and took me into her mouth. My head rolled back on my shoulders as she slowly slid down every inch of my cock. "No more clothes anywhere near this room," I moaned.

Coming up to the tip, she let it pop from between her slick lips and looked up at me. "I'm thinking you should take advantage of this, dear husband. My pregnancy books talk a ton about hormones making expectant mothers cry but nothing about them making us want to jump our husbands' bones."

She wrapped her lips around my cock again, and as she continued to stare up at me with a look that nearly took my breath away, I moaned, "Well, then, thank you hormones."

By the time I returned from the gym an hour later, Nina had finished dressing and room service had delivered breakfast. I sat waiting for her at the table covered with every kind of pastry, pancake, and egg dish, hoping I'd covered every possible choice. I hadn't been sure what she'd want, but I needed to make sure she ate to keep herself and the babies healthy.

She walked into the room looking stunning in a dark blue and white print dress and coming to a dead stop, opened her eyes as wide as saucers. "Tristan! What is all this?"

"Breakfast." I stood and escorted her to her seat. "You need to eat."

"Me and what army?" she looked up at me and asked.

Walking around to my side of the table, I explained, "I realized when I went to order from room service that I never asked what you wanted. I had no idea what to order, so I got some of everything."

Nina picked a tiny piece off the side of a coffee cake and popped it into her mouth. "That's because you're usually at work when I eat breakfast. I have to admit, though, you really know how to put out a spread."

"It's the least I can do for the woman I love."

Cutting a square of the coffee cake, she placed it on a plate in front of her. "I do believe, Mr. Stone, that the bigger I get, the smoother you get. How did I get so lucky to have such a wonderful husband?"

"Fate, I guess. I ask myself the same question about you all the time."

She looked over at me and saw I had nothing to eat. "You're not planning on having me eat all of this by myself, are you? I feel like Henry VIII over here."

"I'm not much for breakfast, and I'm happy to just watch you eat."

"Said the man with the six pack to the lady who looks like she's swallowed a barrel."

"Do you want to watch any particular movie today? It's ladies' choice."

"Tristan, I know you want to keep an eye on me, but you don't have to stay here with me. I know you have work. We can watch a movie tonight."

I reached across the table and took her hand in mine. "Nina, I want to spend the day with you. I can keep an eye on you from anywhere in the world. I prefer to be here with you."

She stopped eating the piece of coffee cake and looked at me with a confused expression. "What do you mean you can keep an eye on me from anywhere in the world? Are you talking about the two new bodyguards you hired?"

"No. I'm talking about the cameras I had installed in every room here at the penthouse."

"What? Are you saying every room is monitored? Why?"

Her voice was that tone I knew all too well. She wasn't happy. "Because your accident happened at the pool and no one knew you were there. If I hadn't turned that camera off when you got angry with me last year, the bodyguards would have seen you there and gotten help."

"Tristan, what happened wasn't your fault. It wasn't anyone's fault. I don't want to be watched twenty-four hours a day."

"It's for your safety, Nina. I'm not going to let anything happen to you and the babies."

"Nothing's going to happen to us. We're fine. It was just a fainting spell. I think you're overreacting, and the thought of me being on camera in the bathroom or anywhere else in my own house creeps me out."

"Nina, I promise as soon as the babies are born, I'll take down every last camera. Until then, they're staying."

"And that's that? I have no say in it?"

"You know I'm not going to take the chance of you getting hurt again. What's wrong with taking precautions?"

She stood up and pushed her chair out from behind her. "I feel like you're spying on me and I don't..." Before she could finish her sentence, she fell back into the chair with thump.

"Nina!" I jumped out of my seat and ran around the table. "What's wrong? Tell me. I can have the car here in minutes and we can be at the hospital in no time."

She shook her head slowly as she took a deep breath. "No, it's okay. I just stood up too fast and got lightheaded."

I crouched down next to her and held her hand. "Do you see now why the cameras are needed? What if you fell and I wasn't here? What if you couldn't get to your phone? How long would you be on the floor this time before I found you?"

Nina looked down into my eyes and smiled. "I know. I just hate feeling like an invalid. Pregnancy shouldn't mean I have to be watched all the time, Tristan." She stopped and took a sharp breath in. "Oh...one of the babies kicked! Put your hand on my stomach right here."

She took my hand and placed it near her left hip. My palm pressed softly against her skin, I waited for another kick and then it happened. A tiny push against my hand. A foot or hand or even an elbow pushed out into my hand, touching me for the first time, leaving me speechless.

"Did you feel it? She's a busy one, that girl," Nina said with a smile. When I didn't say anything, she asked, "You felt it, right? It was a kick."

A lump formed in my throat, making me choke up, and I said quietly, "That was incredible. One of our kids just touched me."

"Isn't it great? In just a few months, that foot and that body will be someone we hold in our arms."

My mind filled with thoughts of that little person kicking my hand. What did he or she look like? Did they feel me like I felt them? Never before had just the idea of meeting someone thrilled me like it did at that moment. I simply stared at the spot where my hand had felt his or her touch, unable to tear my gaze away from my child right there with me.

"Are you okay, Tristan? You're not saying anything."

I looked up to see Nina staring down at me. "I'm great. I guess I just didn't realize it would be like that."

"Like what?"

I struggled to find the right words to explain how I felt. "I didn't know such a simple thing like a baby's kick could make me feel so connected to him. Or her. It doesn't matter which they are. It just matters that I felt them touch me."

"This is really happening. Pretty soon, it won't be just you and me anymore. We'll be four instead of two. Are you ready for that?"

If I were to be honest with her at that moment, my answer would have been no. I thought I was, but with one touch that baby had made everything so real that all my romantic thoughts of having kids flew right out the window, replaced by a reality filled with worry and the need to make plans. I couldn't tell Nina that, though. She was already dealing with enough. She didn't need to hear me talk about my sudden need to visit my lawyer to make sure those souls she carried were taken care of, no matter what happened to me. She didn't need to listen to me worry about how wrong the penthouse was going to be for children, and how there was no way I could believe that we were ever going to be able to do this without a nanny.

"We'll be fine," I lied, hoping she couldn't see right through me.

"I think I've come up with a name for a boy. What do you think of Ethan?"

I couldn't help but smile. "Yeah, Ethan sounds good. Ethan Stone. Good strong name for a boy. What do we do if it's a boy and a girl? Diana or Tressa?"

"I think we should decide that when we meet our little girl. If she has blue eyes, she'll be Diana. If she has brown eyes, she'll be Tressa. She's bound to look more like one of us than the other."

"So it's settled then. Ethan and Diana or Ethan and Tressa. But what if we have two boys?"

"What about your middle name, Rider? We could do Ethan and Rider. I like the sound of Rider Stone. What do you think?"

I could live with that. I only hoped he could. "Okay," I said as I stood to kiss the top of her head. "Since we have that taken care of, I think it's time for a movie. You continue eating while I get everything ready."

She looked up at me in surprise. "Tristan, it's ten o'clock in the morning. We're going to watch a movie now? Don't you have work to do?"

"I can work later."

"Well, what if we watched a movie later too? I was thinking maybe we could go out for a little bit. Maybe shopping?"

"Nina, you're supposed to stay at home. You just had another fainting spell."

Nina's bottom lip quivered and her adorable pout appeared to signal her disappointment. "Tristan, I can't stay here until the babies are born. Please don't treat me like this. We have things to buy before they get here."

I hated seeing her sad, and that pout of hers never failed to do exactly what it was intended to do. "Nina, what if you pass out while we're shopping? What if the babies are hurt because we had to find some mobile with dancing hippos?"

"Don't minimize this, Tristan. I'm practically a prisoner here, stuck in my home, which isn't even my home. I wanted to get the babies' layette. My books say now's the time to get the things they need when they first come home, and since we aren't having the baby shower until after the babies are born, we won't have anything for when they get here."

I had no idea what a layette was, whether it be furniture or some kind of bottles, but the sadness in Nina's face told me she knew what it was and it was important to her. I wasn't comfortable relenting on her going out to shop, but there were ways around that for someone like me. I rarely took advantage of that fact, but now seemed as good a time as any to use my power and wealth.

"Give me thirty minutes. If I can't find a way to make you happy in that time, we'll go. Okay?"

A look of disbelief filled her eyes, but she nodded her agreement. "Thirty minutes? Okay."

I kissed the top of her head. "I have a few phone calls to make. You keep eating, and I'll be back."

Quickly, I headed to the bedroom and made my first call to Angelo. Always able to handle my shopping with ease, he hopefully could do the same for my children. He answered on the second ring in his usual chirpy voice. "Tristan Stone! How is the soon-to-be father?"

"You must be reading my mind, Angelo. That's exactly what I need your help with."

"Really? I don't recall men having to wear anything different during pregnancy," he joked.

"Not me. I need something called a layette."

"A layette? Why on earth do you need a layette, whatever that is?"

Sighing, I closed my eyes and tried to keep calm. "I don't have time for twenty questions, Angelo. Nina wants a layette for the babies, but in her condition, she can't go shopping for it, so I want the shopping to come to her at the penthouse."

"Oh, I see. Give me a few hours to see what I can come up with. I know the owner of a baby boutique who I think would be happy help."

"You have thirty minutes. I'm depending on you, so don't let me down."

"Thirty minutes? Tristan, I'm used to you giving me much longer lead time."

"That's for my clothes, Angelo. This is my wife and kids we're talking about, so get going and set this up for me."

"Okay, okay. I'll get on it now."

"Good. Call me with the details."

Angelo's tone told me he'd get the job done. I could always rely on him. Barely ten minutes later, he was giving me the details about how happy Elise Weston of Petits Coeurs would be to help us. "Thanks, Angelo. I won't forget this."

"I hope not. And, by the way, Elise says a layette is clothes. Well, clothes and whatever else she decides to bring. She'll be there by eleven."

"Perfect. By the way, I'm going to need some things for the events after the babies are born, like the christening, so here's your lead time. You have at least a few weeks."

Angelo chuckled. "Now that's the Tristan Stone I'm used to. I'll get to work so you're ready when those little bundles of joy arrive. Happy shopping!"

Elise Weston arrived exactly at eleven, just as I got Nina settled in the living room. I'd kept my plans a secret, so when the concierge rang to announce her arrival, Nina's eyes grew wide in surprise. "Did he just say Petits Coeurs? Oh, my God! I'm not dressed to shop there, Tristan!"

"Thanks, Frederick. Make sure security on the floor below checks everything out and then send her up." I sat down next to Nina on the sofa and held her hand. "Shhh...you look incredible. And you're not shopping there. They're bringing a layette here to you and you'll decide if it's what you want. And if it isn't, I'll get another one to do the same thing until you get what you want."

Nina shook her head and smiled. "You crazy man. You got the most exclusive baby boutique in town to come here to show me a layette?"

"You wanted to shop for a layette, and I want to keep you safe and secure. Now we're both happy."

Hugging me, she whispered against my chest, "I love you so much, Tristan. Thank you for this."

I kissed her and squeezed her to me. "I love you too, princess. Now let's get these kids their layette."

Chapter Nine

Nina

I felt like a real life princess as Elise showed off newborn clothes, blankets, and every possible item a baby could need. With Tristan egging me on, I picked out two of every item I liked, and by the time she left, our living room was full of what every newborn needed in those first weeks of life. I knew since our twins would probably be small or even preterm, we might have to wait a while to put them in those adorable little onesie outfits decorated with giraffes to match their nursery, but that was okay. The very fact that Tristan had arranged for the owner of the most exclusive baby boutique in Manhattan to come to our house made the day more special than even he probably knew.

Tristan worked hard to make sure every day was as wonderful as the day that Elise Weston brought me most of her shop to pick and choose from. Sometimes we enjoyed a simple movie and popcorn, and other times he brought in chefs to create meals that bordered on banquets. Each morning, I awoke to flowers on my nightstand. Roses, daisies, and lilies, they made the start of each day wonderful. Even as I felt bigger and more uncomfortable by the moment, I couldn't help but feel like I was the luckiest woman in the world.

We spent a quiet Thanksgiving at the penthouse with Jordan, who was happy to have someone to celebrate the holiday with instead of sitting around her apartment alone. I remembered those days after my father died and how lonely they'd always felt, so when Tristan asked me what I wanted to do to celebrate Thanksgiving, having her over was top on my list. Plus, by that time, I couldn't help feeling I wanted to have the two people I cared most about around me. I wasn't due until late January, but something told me it wouldn't be long before the babies came.

December in New York brought a winter storm that nearly crippled the city. I watched out the penthouse windows as people hurriedly moved along through the snow with their shoulders up around their ears toward the warmth of stores and restaurants, and for the first time in weeks, I didn't mind not being outside with them. Work on the heart drug to replace Cardiell took up most of Tristan's time, and as much as he wanted to spend his days with me, being CEO meant he had to spend his hours at his office.

I watched him dress in his usual suit look, coming up behind him to adjust his tie as he looked in the mirror in the bedroom. Barely able to reach around him because of my very pregnant belly, I straightened his look and gave him a hug, like I always did before he left for work. "What time will you be home tonight?"

Tristan stared back at me in the mirror and smiled. "I'll be home for dinner by six tonight. What time is Jordan coming by this morning?"

"She'll be here by ten. That leaves only one hour for me to cause mischief here," I teased as I walked around to face him.

He took me by the chin and frowning, shook his head. "What am I going to do with you? I spend all day worrying you're going to go into labor and I'm not going to get you to the hospital in time, and you make jokes about being alone here."

I looked up into those brown eyes now so concerned as they stared down at me. "My oh-so-serious husband. Smile. We're going to be parents soon. Then you can wear your serious face all the time like all good dads do."

"If that's the criteria for being a good dad, I should be the best then," he said with a tiny smile that told me he wasn't sure of the father he'd be.

But I was. Standing on my tippy toes, I kissed the corner of his mouth. "You're going to be a fantastic daddy. You're going to spoil our kids rotten but be the one who does all the glaring when they misbehave. Don't worry. You got this covered."

"Thanks for letting me know my role," he joked. "Now that I have the job description..."

I turned to head for the bathroom and felt something wet on my leg. Instantly, my mind raced through all the pages of my pregnancy books, and I knew it was time. Looking down, I expected to see water or something like it on the floor, but there was nothing. My gaze trailed up my leg and there, in the middle of my thigh, I saw a line of bright red blood.

Terrified, I spun around to face Tristan. "There's something wrong. We need to go to the hospital now!"

His eyes followed mine to my leg and then everything began to move so fast. I heard him say something like everything was going to be okay, but my mind was filled with fear. I had no idea what was wrong, but I knew blood wasn't a good sign. He guided me to my coat, all the while working to keep me calm as he called Dr. Michaelson, and I just nodded over and over, unable to speak. I wanted to believe it was okay-that the babies were fine and we'd be okay-but I had a bad feeling.

By the time we arrived at the hospital, my heart raced in fear that I'd done something wrong to make this happen. Turning to Tristan as we walked through the emergency room doors, I grabbed his hand and squeezed it tightly as I spoke the first words since telling him something was wrong. "I'm sorry. I swear I didn't mean for this to happen."

Pressing his lips to my cheek, he kissed me. "You're going to be fine, Nina. I won't leave your side. I promise. We're going to get through this fine, and in a little while you and I are going to meet our children."

Dozens of people hurriedly moved around me in the operating room, barking out words that all blended into one big stream of noise, but throughout it all Tristan stood next to me holding my hand and smoothing my damp hair off my face. No matter how frantic everyone else looked, he remained calm, his expression full of love, as he whispered over and over, "Don't be scared. I'm here."

I wasn't scared. I'd prepared myself for the real possibility that I'd have to go through an emergency C-section. Twins rarely were born naturally, so this was nothing to be frightened of. Even if I was, Tristan smiling down at me and squeezing my hand would chase all my fears away.

The tiny sound of a baby's cry broke through the cacophony of voices around me, and I looked down to see our child in the doctor's hands. Was it a boy or a girl? I looked up at Tristan, my eyes pleading for the answer.

"Say hello to your daughter, and her sister is coming right behind her," Dr. Michaelson said in a voice full of joy.

Tristan bent down and in my ear whispered, "Two girls, Nina. Diana and Tressa."

I opened my mouth to speak, but suddenly the room felt like it was spinning out of control. My eyes couldn't focus, and then I heard a voice say something about blood or bleeding out and heard machines begin to buzz and chime frantically, and I felt Tristan let go of my hand. Everything spun around me, but I saw his face twist in terror as he was led away. Why was he leaving me there with all those strangers when I needed him most?

And then everything went dark.

I opened my eyes and saw I stood in a yard of green grass lined by flower beds filled with yellow and white daisies. The sun was shining like it was a gorgeous summer day. I looked around confused. I knew this place, but from where? I walked toward the middle of the yard, unsure of what I'd find but somehow knowing there'd be something familiar there. I stopped as my foot landed on a stepping stone. Crouching down in the cool grass, I saw in the center of the grey stone a yellow and orange painted sun, the kind a child would make.

I'd made that picture. The memory of that week at summer camp the year my mother died came rushing back to me. The hours I spent in the art building while the other children played tag and kickball. The happiness that week had given me after months of living in my house as my father and sister mourned my mother's death, me being too young to understand what had happened but feeling the pall that hung over every room and every moment of our lives.

I ran my fingertip over the sun, feeling the warmth of the rock as I traced the ridges worn into it by weather over the years. Closing my eyes, I remembered the look on my father's face as I showed him my stepping stone I'd made for my mother, not understanding the sadness in his eyes as he pretended to love my creation. Tears began to stream down my cheeks as the realization of what this rock meant dawned on me.

Just like my mother and father, I'd died.

"Don't cry, Nina."

I knew that voice. Soft, feminine, it filled my heart with warmth and happiness. Opening my eyes, I saw her for the first time in nearly twenty years. My mother, gone since I was just a little girl, stood there in front of me as she had so many times when I played in our backyard. Beautiful, with long brown hair and blue eyes just like mine, she smiled at me.

"Mom? Is that you?"

"Yes, sweetheart. I'm here."

"How? What is this?"

"I've missed you, Nina. I've missed you every day since I had to leave that morning."

Tears filled my eyes again. Why was this happening? "What is this, mom? Why am I here? Am I dead?"

She reached out to touch me, caressing my cheek with her palm. I felt it as sure as I felt my own hand cover hers, so I knew she wasn't a dream. Whatever this was, it was real.

"So many questions. Always so many questions with my Nina. Give me a few minutes and all your questions will be answered."

Holding out her hand, she nodded, and I had the surest sense I needed to follow her. I placed my hand in hers, and she led me down the stone path toward the end of our yard. There was no fear, no dread. Just love like I'd only felt with one other.

Tristan. Oh, God! Where was he? Turning to face my mother, I pleaded with her for answers. "Is Tristan here? Where are the girls? I can't leave them there. I need to get to them. Can you help me?"

She shook her head, and a tiny frown turned down her lips. "He's not here, Nina."

Tears filled my eyes, making my vision blurry. As they rolled down over my cheeks, I sobbed, "I have two little girls who need me. Why am I here? Mom, tell me how to get back to them."

"Your daughters are beautiful. Your children are all beautiful, Nina. Tristan is taking care of them now. Not to worry."

"I want to go back. Please tell me how to get back to them."

My mother cupped my cheeks in her hands. "We all get only a small amount of time with those we love, honey. Sometimes it's less than we planned, but hopefully, we've been there long enough to have them remember us."

My heart ached at the sound of her words. "How will my girls remember me, Mom? They never even got to meet me. I was taken from them right after they were born."

"Don't cry, sweetheart. Don't cry."

I turned my head, searching for a way out of this place. For as far as my eyes could see, there was just grass and my childhood backyard. "How can I get back to them? I need to be back with them!"

She gently pulled me back to face her. "I'm so proud of you, Nina. You're everything I always knew you'd be. I didn't get enough time with you, and for that, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I wasn't there for your art classes so you knew how talented I thought you were. I'm sorry I missed your graduation from college and your first day of work at the gallery."

"I always wanted you there, but I know why you weren't. I don't blame you for leaving."

"And now you're all grown up with a husband and children of your own. Your life is everything I always hoped it would be."

Her words eased my mind, and I remembered how she knew Tristan's mother when she was young. "My husband is the son of Tressa, the girl you knew in college who got you and Daddy together. I never met her, but I think he's like her-kind and caring."

My mother smiled warmly, as if what I'd said caused a long forgotten memory to reappear. "We always said how wonderful it would be to be related to one another, the sisters neither of us ever had."

I stood watching her for a moment, loving how wonderful just being next to her made me feel. But I couldn't stay there with her. I had to get back to Tristan and the babies.

Squeezing her hands, I begged, "I need to get back to my family, Mom. Tell me I can get back. I don't belong here yet. Tristan and the girls need me."

"And you need them, Nina. But promise me something before you go."

"Anything."

"Remember that at any time everything you love can be taken from you, and then all you can do is watch from afar as they continue to live after you're gone. Promise me you'll live with no regrets."

"I promise. I miss you so much, Mom. All those times I wished you were there so I could talk to you."

My mother kissed my cheek and whispered, "I was there, honey. Every time you doubted yourself, I was that tiny voice in your head saying you were brave enough. Every time you asked for a sign, I was there to give you one. I'll always be there."

Before my eyes, the light began to fade away, taking my mother with it. I reached out to hold on to her for a moment longer, sad I was losing her from my life after such a short time again. As she slipped from my touch, I watched as she blew me a kiss like she always did when she said goodbye to me as a little girl.

"I wish you could see the babies, Mom."

As she faded into nothingness, I heard her whisper in my head, "Thank you for making Tressa and me sisters this time, but I have no advice for him. Tressa would know about that. I love you, honey. Take care, and know that I'm always there."

And then she was gone and I was floating in a sea of darkness.

"Baby, wake up. Wake up and look at me."

I heard Tristan's voice pleading for me to wake up, but why? Was something wrong? Slowly, my eyelids fluttered open, and I saw his face just inches from mine. I opened my mouth to speak, but no words came out between my parched lips. What was going on?

"Nina! God, honey, I'm so happy to see your beautiful eyes open. Hang on, let me get the nurse."

Tristan moved to leave, and I saw I wasn't in our bedroom. Where was I? I grabbed his wrist, afraid to be left alone in this strange place, and tried to speak again, but failed.

He sat back down in the chair next to me and cradled my face in his hands. "It's okay. I just want to let the nurse know you're awake. I won't leave, though. I'm right here."

"Tris..." I tried to say his name, but my throat felt bone dry.

"Don't speak. Let me get you a drink of water." He poured a glass for me and raised it to my lips. "Here, drink this. You'll feel better."

Never before had water tasted so incredible. It felt like I hadn't had an ounce of moisture pass my lips in ages. What was going on?

"Does that feel better?" Tristan asked, his voice full of concern.

I nodded and looked around at the room I was in. Boring cream colored walls with some kind of brown and pink wallpaper border near the ceiling surrounded me. Looking down at the twin bed with its institutional footboard, I had my answer. I was in a hospital.

But why?

"Tristan," I croaked out. "Why am I here?"

He smoothed my hair off my face and smiled down at me. "You don't remember? Do you remember anything?"

I saw in his eyes the fear that I'd forgotten everything again, like before, but I knew who he was and who I was. I just didn't know why I'd need to be in a hospital. I slowly shook my head. "No. What happened? How long have I been here?"

He pretended to smile, but I saw the disappointment all over his face. "Almost eighteen hours. I've been here the whole time waiting for you to wake up."

Then it hit me what had happened. Like a flood of memories, it all came back to me. I pushed myself up to sit and clutched at his hand. "The babies! What happened to them? Where are they? Tristan, where are the girls?"

"Nina, it's okay. They're here with us in the hospital. I've seen them..."

"I remember everything. I saw my mother. She was in our backyard. Well, not our backyard, but my backyard from when I was a kid. She told me she was always there with me. She knew about the girls too. Oh, Tristan! It was so wonderful to see her again."

"Nina, I have something to tell you, so I need you to lay back down, okay?"

Shaking my head, I moved my legs to get out of bed. "No, I don't want to stay here. I want to see Diana and Tressa. Where are they?"

Tristan stood up and gently held me in place so I couldn't move. "I need to talk to you before you see the babies. They're tiny, Nina. The doctor said it's not surprising since they came so early, but that's not all."

My emotions became all jumbled. I wanted to cry. I wanted to scream, "Let me go see them!" I saw in his face something had happened, and I wasn't sure I wanted to know. I remembered the blood running down my leg at the penthouse. Something bad had happened to the babies, and now he had the job of telling me. Tears welled in my eyes, and I shook my head, not wanting to know. "No, no! Don't tell me something happened to them. Please don't say that!"

Holding his phone up in front of me, he showed me a picture of the first baby. "That's Diana. She's the littlest one. The doctor says she needs help breathing, but that happens to preemies a lot."

I stared at the tiny being with a head full of dark hair in the picture with all those wires and tubes attached to her. She couldn't have been bigger than one of my shoes. "How big is she?"

"She's a little over two pounds, honey, and she's beautiful, just like her mother."

With terror in my heart at what his answer would be, I asked, "What about Tressa? Do you have any pictures of her?"

He scrolled to the next picture on his phone and held it up in front of me. "Meet your daughter Tressa. A little bigger than Diana at about two and a half pounds, she's tougher and look at all that hair. The doctor thinks she'll be fine too, though."

Tressa looked stronger, even though she was hooked up to a machine too, and I imagined she was the baby who'd been doing all the kicking. Not afraid anymore, I took a deep breath, but I remembered Tristan leaving as the girls were born. Something had happened. Turning to look at him as he scrolled through to the next picture on his phone, I asked, "What happened during my C-section? Why did they take you out?"

He looked up and smiled. "Well, you began to have difficulties and then we found out about this." Lifting his phone again, he said, "This is Ethan, Nina. Born two minutes after his sisters, he's over three pounds and nearly sixteen inches long. And look, just like his sisters, he has your adorable pout."

"Three? Three babies?" I asked as I began to feel like my head was swimming. Three children. Triplets. A boy.

Tristan nodded and beamed down at me. "Three. He was hiding on all the ultrasounds, so that's why we never knew. He was probably the one kicking you."

"But why did they send you away then?"

"Things got a little dicey there for a while. The doctors didn't want me to be there if things got bad. Don't worry, though. Dr. Michaelson says you'll be fine now. They had to go in and stop the bleeding, but you were out a long time. I didn't leave your side, except to go see the kids. Sorry about the pictures being so far away. They don't let you take cell phones in. Not sterile enough."

"So you named them all without me?" I asked with a pout, a little disappointed I hadn't been a part of that first important event in their lives.

Tristan's mouth twisted into a sly smile. "No, not officially. I waited for you since I didn't know what we wanted the middle names for the girls to be. I had no idea about Ethan's either."

"Ethan. We have a son, Tristan. Your dream was only partially true."

Shrugging, he said, "Well, I never promised it would be one hundred percent true. Dreams are funny that way. Like the one you had about your mother."

"That wasn't a dream, Tristan. I talked to her for the first time since I was a little girl. I touched her, and she was real."

I saw he didn't believe me entirely, but it didn't matter. I knew what I'd experienced. After all those years, I'd finally gotten the chance to tell my mother how much I loved her.

Chapter Ten

Nina

There are some things a person never forgets. Their first day of school. Their first kiss. The first time they fell in love. For me, the day I met those three incredible souls will always be a moment in time that changed me forever. Tristan followed as the nurse rolled me up to the NICU in my wheelchair, his hand holding mine. If we'd been alone, I would have told him how my heart was pounding in chest at the thought of meeting my children. I didn't say anything, though, keeping my fears to myself.

I'd spent hours reading my pregnancy books, but nothing could have prepared me for the reality of the NICU. Instead of a softly lit delivery suite, the setting for the first time I saw Diana, Tressa, and Ethan was bright and sterile. And cold. No matter how warm the temperature may have been, all the room made me feel was cold. White walls, bright lights, and all those people milling about made the NICU intimidating, and I wished I could run away with Tristan with our children in our arms to a kinder place where no machines beeped and buzzed and no barriers kept up apart.

The nurse chatted with Tristan about how exciting our lives would be from now on as we entered the area just outside the NICU, her perky happiness almost too much for me. We donned masks and gloves, making sure to cover every inch of our clothes before we entered the room the children were in. It felt like I was being prepped for going into one of those radiation chambers they always put in disaster movies. This wasn't how a mother should see her children for the first time.

Even worse, I realized I wouldn't be able to hold any of them. The nurses spoke their rehearsed laundry list of do's and don'ts for spending time with the babies, the most important one being we couldn't touch them too often to avoid upsetting them. I knew they weren't trying to ruin this for me, but all I could feel was sadness. No matter how hard I tried, all I wanted to do was cry the entire time I sat in that NICU room.

For Tristan, just being there clearly meant the world to him. I watched as he gently stuck his fingers into the incubator to touch Diana's tiny hand, all the time beaming a smile that lit up the room. So patient, he stroked her little arm with his forefinger as he whispered how he couldn't wait for the day she'd be able to sit on his lap and how he'd tell her the story of the day she was born.

The nurse explained how I could touch Tressa and Ethan just like Tristan was with Diana, but it felt awkward when I put my gloved hand in my daughter's incubator, like I was an intruder in her tiny world invading her space. My finger grazed her wrist, and I recoiled at the thought of possibly hurting her tender body.

I looked around to see if anyone had seen me and noticed Tristan coming toward me. He'd seen my inability to bond with Tressa. I wanted to run and hide.

As he took his place behind me, he leaned down to whisper, "It's a little difficult at first, isn't it? Don't worry. They love it as much as we do."

I forced a smile as my hands sat in my lap. I didn't love this. In fact, it took everything in me not to break down and cry. "She's so tiny, Tristan."

He slowly slid his hand into Tressa's incubator and touched his fingertip to her pinky. "Tiny Tressa. Something tells me she won't like it if that nickname sticks."

The way he so effortlessly bonded with both girls when I seemed incapable of even touching Tressa's arm made me wish I could be like him. All I felt was failure.

A nurse slowly moved Ethan's incubator back into the room, and I watched as Tristan's eyes lit up with joy. "There's my little guy. How's he doing this afternoon?"

I closed my eyes to stop the tears from falling as the nurse explained how well Ethan was doing, and like all the others, congratulated us on our new family. Tristan made his way over to his incubator while he chatted the woman up about needing one more of everything, every word filled with so much happiness.

"Nina, come over and see him. He's as gorgeous as his sisters," he bragged.

Slowly, I made my way to where he sat and stared into the incubator my son lay in. Tristan's finger touched his wrist, lightly stroking the skin in a way that seemed totally foreign to me. He talked about what they'd do when he got older, and I sat there silently, unable to say anything for fear I'd explode into tears.

"Tristan, I don't feel well. Can you get the nurse to take me back to my room?" I quietly asked, sure everyone heard the truth in my voice. I didn't know what to do with my own children-how to even touch them.

"Sure. It's probably a good idea we leave now anyway. We don't want to excite them too much."

He was trying hard, but he didn't understand why I wouldn't want to be there. Why should he? I didn't understand, to be honest. All I knew was that if I could run away, I would.

* * *

By the end of the first week, I was released from the hospital, but Diana, Tressa, and Ethan had to stay so Tristan and I continued to live in the penthouse. Day after day for weeks, I walked hand in hand with Tristan down the NICU corridor to see my children, and day after day, I went with a smile on my face but on the verge of tears. I had no idea what was wrong with me. At first, I'd thought I'd just been unsure of myself as a new mother. All the books had said that could happen and not to worry, but every day I waited to feel better, and I never did.

I knew Tristan wondered what was wrong with me. No mother who cared about her children felt like this. I was broken, defective, and no matter how much I wanted to be the right kind of mother, I wasn't. I didn't know why. I just wasn't.

Even visits from Jordan felt forced. Her happiness for us was so genuine, but every time I saw her, I felt like a fraud. I wanted to feel the happiness she felt. I just didn't. I didn't know why either. By the time Christmas arrived, it was all I could do to get out of bed each morning. Jordan came over to spend the holiday with us, but I begged off as soon as I could, claiming to be sick with the flu so I could go hide away in bed. At least there, I could close my eyes and pretend I wasn't myself in my dreams.

Getting up from the table, I pushed my still full plate away from me and forced a smile for Tristan and her. "I must be coming down with something. Probably the flu. I'm going to head to bed. Tristan, they're not going to let me see the babies until I get better, so I want to kick this as soon as I can."

He stared up at me with eyes full of fear but merely nodded, forcing his own smile onto his lips. "Anything you need, just say the word."

I turned toward Jordan and shook my head. "I don't want you to get whatever I have, so no hugs today. Sorry to be such a party popper. I'll give you a call this week, okay? Merry Christmas."

"Okay, honey. Merry Christmas. Feel better."

I left them and climbed into bed, loving the solitude it offered. Pulling the covers up over my head, I closed my eyes and waited for sleep to come and take me away.

A hand on my shoulder roused me from my nap, and I rolled over to see Jordan sitting on the bed next to me. Rubbing my eyes, I sat up against the headboard. "Hey, what's up?"

"I want to talk to you, honey. I think it's time we admitted something's wrong, don't you?"

"It's just the flu, Jordan. I'll be okay in a few days," I lied.

"I don't think so, Nina. Your husband may not know what to do about how you feel about visiting the kids, but I do. You're suffering from post-partum depression, sweetie. My brother's wife had it after Caleb was born."

"I'm not depressed, Jordan. I have everything any woman could want-a wonderful husband, a beautiful house, this penthouse, three beautiful children."

"Who you don't want to go see."

Her words hit me like a fist to my face, and I tried to avoid her stare, but she wasn't letting me go on this. "Look at me, Nina. Don't look away, honey."

Tears streamed out of my eyes and over my cheeks as I turned back to face her. I couldn't deny the truth anymore. "I don't know what's wrong with me," I sobbed. "I love them, Jordan. I do. I love them more than I ever thought I could. I was so worried when Tristan first told me about them, but there's something wrong with me. I thought by now I'd feel better about visiting them, but I don't. I'm terrified of going to that hospital, and I don't know why."

Once I began crying, I couldn't stop. Jordan took me in her arms and held me as my sobs wracked my body. For the first time since waking up after my children were born, I didn't feel like I had a hundred pounds of worry on my back. I'd kept this secret inside me for so long, and now as I cried my eyes out on her shoulder, the heaviness that had weighed me down faded away.

"Honey, there's nothing wrong with you. You're going to be okay. Sandy felt a lot like this too, but she's fine now and she and Caleb are closer than she ever imagined they could be."

I leaned back against the pillows and hung my head. "I worry all the time that I've ruined this for Tristan. You should see him with them, Jordan. He's so loving and caring. I don't know what to do."

"You haven't ruined anything for him, Nina. He's worried sick about you. He doesn't know what to do, so I told him I'd talk to you. Tristan wants you to be as happy as he is."

"I want to be that happy. I see him touching them and talking to them and I think to myself how much I wish I felt like that. What if I never feel that way toward my own children, Jordan? What kind of mother feels like this? I messed up their birth, almost killed them, and now I can't even be there for them."

"You didn't mess up anything. Is that what you think? That you did something wrong?"

"I must have. Why would I have started bleeding if I didn't?"

My body heaved from crying, and Jordan took me in her arms to hold me. "Oh, Nina, you didn't do anything wrong. You were carrying three babies. That was hard on your body. And it's no wonder they wanted to come out early. They knew how wonderful you were on the inside, so they wanted to meet their mom on this side."

I held onto Jordan as all the insecurities I'd lived with for weeks flowed out of me. It felt so good to believe that someday soon I'd be the mother I wanted to be. "I don't know what to do now, Jordan."

"You need to talk to Tristan, Nina. He doesn't know what's wrong, but if you tell him, he'll be there for you."

She released me, and I dried my eyes. "What if he can't forgive me for feeling like this? What if he thinks I'm a monster?"

Jordan pushed my hair off my face and gave me one of her terrific smiles that never failed to make me feel better. "He would never think that. He just wants you to be happy, Nina. That man of yours is a good guy. Tell him what you told me."

"Okay," I said through my sniffles. "I will."

"Good. Now I'm going to jump in the car with Jensen and head back to Brooklyn, and you're going to tell Tristan everything. Don't worry. It will be okay. I promise. Remember what I always say. Good things happen to good people, and you Stones are the best kind of people."

"Thank you, Jordan."

She rose from the bed and smoothed the covers over my legs. "He loves you, honey. Let him know what's going on and he'll be there for you." Leaning in, she kissed my cheek. "My work is done here. I'm off to Brooklyn. I'll see you later this week."

As she left me there alone with my thoughts, I worked to tamp down my fear of telling Tristan everything I'd told Jordan. I wanted to believe he wouldn't hate me for feeling like this, but what if he did? What if he couldn't understand what I was going through since I couldn't even understand it?

I saw him appear in the doorway and pushed down the overwhelming urge to burst into tears again. He slowly walked toward the bed and sat down next to me, those beautiful brown eyes searching mine to figure out how to act so he didn't upset me. He deserved better than to live like this, like every day was walking on eggshells.

Looking down at my hands in my lap, I began quietly. "Hey, I need to tell you some things, and I don't know how you're going to take it."

Tristan lifted my chin with his fingertip and shook his head. "You don't have to worry about how I feel about anything. This is about you. Whatever's going on, Nina, you never have to feel like you can't tell me."

"I don't know why I feel like I do, but I want you to know I didn't mean for this happen. I mean, I have been depressed before, but not like this. I promised my mother I'd live with no regrets, but that's all I have. I have everything to be happy about, but I'm not."

I couldn't stop the tears from flowing again. They drenched my face and ran into my mouth, and before long I was sobbing even as I tried to get the words out. Tristan pulled me close and held me as my crying continued. He said little, but every so often whispered, "Let it out, baby. Let it out."

Once it started, I wasn't sure I could stop letting it out, but I didn't try. I just let my emotions take over as Tristan rocked us slowly back and forth, easing my heart in the process. When I finally felt like I had no more tears inside me, I kissed his cheek and said quietly, "I love you, Tristan, and I love our kids. I promise from this point on I won't be sad."

He stroked my back and was silent for a long time. Finally, he said, "No one expects you to never be sad, Nina. I want you to be happy, but if you need help, we'll get you help."

I leaned back and took a deep breath. "I don't know if talking to a stranger would help, and I don't want to take any drugs. Just sit and talk to me. That's better than any doctor or medicine there is."

Tucking a lock of hair behind my ear, he smiled and nodded. "I want to tell you something I've been keeping to myself for a long time. When you first told me you were pregnant, I began having nightmares again. In every one, you were hurt and needed me, but I couldn't get to you. I'd wake up in a cold sweat terrified that the nightmares would come true. It's the reason I hired more bodyguards out at the house. When you left the hotel in London, I had another one. Same thing as always. You needed me, and I wasn't able to save you, but that time you had already had the babies and I couldn't save them either. And then I got the call that you'd blacked out at the house, and it seemed like every one of those nightmares was coming true and I was thousands of miles away."

"Oh, Tristan. Why didn't you ever tell me you were having nightmares again?"

"I didn't want to give you something to worry about. You already were dealing with having twins. You didn't need your husband telling you about his silly nightmares."

"They weren't silly to you."

"No, but I think they were my brain's way of telling me I wasn't sure I could handle fatherhood."

I brought his hand to my lips and kissed it. "You are so good with them, Tristan. It's like you were meant to be a dad. You never had anything to worry about."

"Maybe, but I don't think either one of us knew what this would be like. My mind dealt with it by creating nightmares based on my biggest fears. Your mind is dealing with it in your way."

I sighed heavily, wishing my mind wasn't like it was. "Why is my way like this?"

"Nina, I don't know. What I do know is that there's not a sweeter, more caring person in the world. Before you were a mother or my wife, you were Nina-sweet, gentle, kindhearted Nina. You're still that person. Don't forget that. I think if we just take this one day at a time, we're going to be okay. Don't worry about the kids. They're thriving, and soon they'll be home with us out at the house. For now, I want you to focus on getting better."

"I'm sorry you have to deal with this, Tristan. You deserve to be happy at this time, not dealing with a basket case like me."

Without saying a thing, he stood and walked around the bed, climbing in to lie next to me. He gently pulled me to him, wrapping his arms around me. "You don't have to apologize. I love you. When you feel bad, I feel bad. That's what being in love is about."

I pressed my ear to his chest and listened to his heartbeat so strong and steady. "I was afraid you'd think I was a monster."

He kissed the top of my head and whispered, "You could never be a monster. I don't know what this is you're going through, but you don't have to do it alone. I'm here. I'm not going anywhere."

"I love you, Tristan."

"I love you, princess. You gave me the greatest gift you could when you gave me your heart, and now you've given me three wonderful children. The only thing that could make me happier is if I knew you were happy."

"I want to be happy. I do."

"Then that's my job now. To make you happy."

The real fear that I'd never be happy again had settled into my brain during the weeks since the babies' births, but now as I lay in Tristan's arms after telling him my deepest, darkest secret, I believed I would be happy as a mother and wife. Maybe not that day or even the next, but with all the wonderful gifts I'd been given, I had to believe it would happen someday.

Epilogue

Tristan

"Open your eyes, sleepyhead."

Looking up, I saw Nina standing over me with her Mom look on. "Let me guess. Time for my fun in the sun to end?"

"And time for theirs to begin," she answered with a smile. "Not that I'm not totally loving the view of you relaxing in the sun with just shorts on, but we'll save that for later."

I reached out and pulled her by the arm down on top of me as I lay on the chaise lounge. "I don't want to wait for later, so let's see what we can sneak in before the kids come down."

Nina squirmed in my hold, giggling as I playfully smacked her on the ass. "Tristan! I need to get up. I can hear Tressa coming."

"So? What's she going to see? Her parents madly in love? She better get used to it. I plan on this being the norm for a long, long time."

My words stopped her wriggling, and she kissed me full on the mouth. God, I loved times like this when we stole moments together. Even five years after having triplets, my wife's kiss still had the effect on my cock that it had since that first night together.

Looking down my body, she shook her head and smiled. "Three children and a nanny coming any second, and you're hard as a rock. What am I going to do with you, Mr. Stone?"

"I can think of a few things," I said as I lifted my hips off the chaise lounge to graze the front of her swimsuit.

She pushed herself off me, leaving me hard and committed to spending an afternoon at the pool with the kids. Life was tricky sometimes. A towel came flying at my head as she said, "Cover yourself, at least. Cara will think we're some kind of pervs."

Not that what some middle aged Italian woman thought mattered much to me, but I could see Nina's point, so I quickly threw the towel over my lap and attempted to look nonchalant as the nanny and our kids came bounding down the pathway toward me.

"Daddy! Look! I have my swimmies on!" Diana screamed as she led the three of them toward the edge of the pool, proudly showing off her pink inflatables wrapped around each bicep.

"No jumping in yet!" Nina barked, trying to stop the stampede of children to inspect them. "Diana has her swimmies on, but Ethan, where are yours? And Tressa?"

The only other male in the house frowned and looked over at me for help. "Daddy, tell Mommy I don't need swimmies. I'm not like Diana and Tressa. I know how to swim."

"I know how to swim," Tressa protested with her hands on her hips, which then encouraged her sister to give her opinion on her swimming abilities, causing all three of them to talk at once and saving me from having to insert my opinion on swimmies into the conversation.

Nina held her hands up in the air and loudly announced, "Enough! Anyone who has swimmies on can swim. No swimmies, no swimming."

Cara held out two sets of inflatable arm swimmies, pink for Tressa and yellow for Ethan, and both children grudging walked over to accept them as Diana jumped into the pool to do her best cannonball. Personally, I didn't feel the urgent need to have everyone wear inflatables in the pool, but Nina did, so worn they were.

When Mama was happy, everyone was happy.

"Daddy, come swim with me," Diana pleaded as she bobbed near the edge of the pool. Nina shot me glance as if to warn me about what was going on under my towel, but the introduction of our children and their nanny had made any sexy thoughts instantly disappear from my mind, taking my hard-on with them.

"Only if you promise to swim in the deep end with me," I teased as I stood and made my way to where she floated.

She looked up with that adorable little grin I liked to think she reserved just for me. "Okay, Daddy."

From behind me, I heard the sound of feet slapping on the concrete and then a duo screamed, "Cannonball!" Diana's eyes grew as wide as saucers as her brother and sister jumped into the pool next to her, nearly swamping her tiny body. Quickly, I slid into the water to grab onto her before she was swept away with the cannonball tidal wave.

"Tressa! Ethan! No more splashing your sister like that!" Nina ordered from behind me.

"Sorry, Diana!" they said in tandem as they swam toward the center of the pool to grab the beach balls.

Wrapping her arms around my neck, Diana clung to me as I began to walk toward the deep end of the pool. I saw the fear in her eyes as the water crept up inch by inch over her torso and whispered near her ear, "Trust me?"

In a tiny voice, she said in my ear, "I trust you, Daddy."

"We should get Mommy in the pool," I said, knowing that's all Diana would need to begin the prodding that her brother and sister would quickly join in on.

"Mommy, Daddy says you should be in the pool. Please come swimming this time," she pleaded.

I turned to look over at Nina and smiled, hoping she'd join us. "Yeah, come on in. I'm sure there's a pair a swimmies you can wear."

Nina gave me the raised eyebrow look and slid into the pool next to us, kissing Diana. "Big girls don't need swimmies."

"Mmmm...what do big girls need?" I joked, receiving a glare in response.

"Yeah, Mommy. What do big girls need?" Diana asked innocently.

Rolling her eyes, Nina tickled Diana on the ribs. "Big girls need a big kiss from their daughter. That's what they need."

Diana kissed her sweetly on the cheek and turned back in my arms to face me. "How about a kiss from Daddy too?"

"Mommy! Ethan took his swimmies off!" Tressa reported loudly from across the pool.

Jabbing me gently in the ribs, Nina winked. "Saved by the tattle. Looks like no kisses for you." Turning away, she warned, "You two better behave or you won't be able to see Aunt Jordan tomorrow."

"Aunt Jordan is coming!" Tressa squealed in joy. "Yay!"

Nina swam away toward the other two children as I called after her, "Don't think I won't get you later!"

At eight o'clock, all three kids had finished their baths and were ready for bed. Nina sat on Tressa's bed with one of her mother's clay animal sculptures in her hand as she told them the story of how my mother and hers were best friends and how Diana and Tressa were named after them. As she finished her story, she kissed them all one by one and said, "Okay, time for bed."

Ethan spied me in the hallway, and intent on squeezing out every moment awake he could, asked, "Can Daddy tell us a story tonight? He never gets to tell us any."

A five year old's guilt trip is one of the most powerful things in the universe. The boy was destined to be a captain of industry with manipulation techniques like that. Nina looked up at me and waved me in, reluctantly submitting to Ethan's request if the look on her face was any indication of her opinion on my storytelling that night.

"A story? I don't really tell stories very well," I teased as I sat down on the bed next to Nina.

Tressa jumped up on my lap and looked up at me with a plaintive look in her deep brown eyes. "Tell the story about the day we were born. I love the part about Ethan."

Diana and Ethan climbed onto Nina's lap and settled in for the best story I had. "I was a surprise," he said, quickly jumping to the exciting part, as far as he was concerned.

"Yes, you were a surprise. Your mother and I thought only your sisters were going to be born that day. Imagine our surprise when the doctor said, "Mr. and Mrs. Stone, congratulations, you have three children."

Unsatisfied by my storytelling, Tressa tugged on my shirt to get my attention. "Now you have to tell another one. That one doesn't count."

"How about the one about the first time I met Mommy?"

My son's face told me he was unimpressed with my choice, but Diana and Tressa's eyes lit up like they always did upon hearing I'd tell the story about that first night I met their mother. Nina just smiled, secretly loving the story, even if she didn't believe it was the absolute truth.

"One night I decided to go to an art gallery, even though I don't like art, and your mother was there. I saw her and fell in love at that very moment."

Diana looked up at her mother and said, "And you didn't even notice him, right Mommy?"

"Well..."

"No, she didn't, honey," I said, cutting Nina off before she ruined my version of our meeting. "I tried to get her attention, but she looked right past me. I left the gallery sad that I hadn't gotten to speak to her, but when I came back because I just had to know who that beautiful woman was, I finally got my chance to say hi."

"And as soon as she got to talk to you, she fell in love too, right?" Tressa asked, her eyes wide in anticipation.

"I don't know. Did you?" I asked Nina as I looked over at her.

"Did you, Mommy?" Diana asked.

"Of course," Nina answered with a smile. "Now it's time for bed for all my munchkins. Let's go."

Tressa climbed off my lap and into bed as Nina placed Diana into her bed. As I tucked Tressa in with her Teddy bear, she said, "Tomorrow when we go swimming, I'm going to go to the deep end like Diana."

I gave her a kiss goodnight and smoothed her dark brown hair over her pillow. "It's a date then. We'll go to the deep end together. I love you, Tressa."

Nina and I exchanged children, and while she said goodnight to Tressa, I kissed Diana goodnight with her Teddy bear. Her little hands reached up to cradle my face, and she whispered, "I like your stories, Daddy. I'm glad you're going to come swimming again tomorrow."

"Goodnight, sweetheart. Sweet dreams. I love you."

As the girls curled up underneath their blankets with their stuffed animals tightly in their little arms, Nina and I took Ethan's hands and walked him to his room next door. Jumping into bed, he scooted under the covers. "Why do you always tell girl stories, Daddy?"

Nina chuckled and kissed his forehead as she placed his bear next to him. "Good night, honey. I love you."

I stood next to his bed, and when she was out of earshot, I leaned over and kissed him goodnight, whispering, "We're in the minority here, buddy. There are more girls than guys, so a lot of times, we have to deal with girlie stuff."

Ethan's tiny bottom lip jutted out into a pout like his mother's. "I don't like that."

Smoothing his light brown hair off his forehead, I nodded. "It's just the way it is, buddy. It's not so bad, though. Girls are okay."

Twisting his face into a grimace, he reluctantly agreed. "I guess."

"Goodnight, Ethan. I love you."

"Goodnight, Daddy. I love you too."

I found Nina lying across the bed looking exhausted after a long day. Still as beautiful as that first night at the gallery, she smiled as I approached her. "What did Ethan want to talk about?"

Sitting down next to her, I said, "Too many girls in the castle."

"Do you think he gets sick of spending all of his time with females? Maybe I should look for a playdate for him with one of the boys at school."

Leaning back, I turned to kiss her. "I think that's nice, but he just wants more manly stories. Maybe I could tell him the Iron Man story next time."

Nina raised her eyebrows in disbelief. "He's not even six years old, Tristan. Iron Man seems a bit much."

"It's never too early for a man to learn about heroes, Nina, and there's none cooler than Iron Man."

"He's got a cooler one right here in his dad," she said sweetly.

I pulled her on top of me for a long, deep kiss. Between work and being the parents to three very active children, I couldn't remember the last time I'd had the chance to just be myself with my wife.

Looking into my eyes, she gave me a devilish grin. "I think you might need another towel. You never know who's going to come in to interrupt us."

I ran my hands down her back to cup her ass. Pulling her into my body, I shook my head. "No towel this time, lady. I can be ready to go in ten seconds after I lock the door. You give me the sign, and we're on."

Nina slowly ran her tongue over the shell of my ear and whispered, "Lock the door."

I'd locked the door and peeled off my clothes before I even got back to the bed. Nina was still in her bra and panties, but I made quick work of them, happy to take advantage of the two of us in the mood and not exhausted, a rare thing since the kids came along.

"Somebody's ready," she said with a giggle as I gently pushed her back onto the mattress.

"I have a gorgeous wife who I want to make love to right now. We don't get too many opportunities like this anymore."

Trailing my mouth down her neck, I kissed my way to her breast and took her nipple between my lips. I sucked gently, loving the feel of the tender skin pebbling against my tongue.

Nina held my head in place, moaning as I moved to the other nipple. "I hope you know I wish we could do this more often too."

I popped the pert nipple from my mouth and looked up at her. "No talking. Just sex, Mrs. Stone."

As I returned my tongue to flick her hardened nipple, I heard her above me say, "I mean, it's not like I don't want to a lot more, Tristan, but with your work and the kids..."

Sliding up her body, I kissed her hard on the mouth to stop her from explaining. "No more. I want to make love to my wife tonight, so let's just forget we're the parents of those three kids and remember how much in love we are with one another."

Her hands slid down my back as I positioned myself over her, and she pulled me into her. Nothing ever felt as incredible as when I was deep inside her wet cunt. Nina sighed softly and wrapped her legs around my waist, taking me into her even deeper. Slowly, I thrust in and out of her body, loving every touch of her hands on my skin and every whimper and moan as my cock slid over that spot I knew drove her wild.

"Oh, God, yes...don't stop..."

I loved it when she talked like that. The needy sound in her voice told me she was close. Thrusting my hips faster, I pushed into her searching for that sweet moment when her body came apart beneath me. Dragging her nails down my back, she panted near my ear. "Right there, Tristan. Don't stop. Fuck me..."

"Let yourself go, baby. Let me feel you come."

Her cunt contracted around my cock, squeezing it gently as she began to orgasm, and I drove into her hard, desperate to come and feel her give in to her body. "Oh, God! Yes...yes!"

Nina's body shook, her release sending tiny tremors rolling over my cock as I came inside her. Every ounce of energy I possessed left my body as I let myself get lost in the feeling of making love to the woman I adored.

She stayed silent for a long time, and then placed a single kiss just below my ear as she whispered, "I love you, Tristan. I've missed this."

Rolling over onto my back, I pulled her close. With her head on my chest, she traced her fingernail over my stomach, making my skin flutter beneath her touch. "I've missed this too. Between my work and the kids, we forgot us for a while."

Looking up at me, she asked in a small voice, "Do you ever wish we had waited? I mean, I love our kids more than life itself, but I miss being able to just lie here, naked in your arms after making love without expecting a knock on the door."

Bringing her hand to my lips, I pressed a soft kiss into her palm and looked into those gentle blue eyes. "I know. I miss this too, but I wouldn't trade a minute of our time with the kids either."

"I wouldn't either, Tristan. I know the five of us had a rocky start, but you were there for me every minute of every day. You were their dad from day one, but I needed your help to become their mom."

I cupped her face in my hands and gazed into the eyes of the only person who ever truly brought out the good in me. "You were always their mother, Nina. You just needed to believe in that. That's all I did."

"Someday, Tristan, I'm going to tell the kids the truth about that first night, about how the real story is that it was me who fell for you first."

I shook my head. "Don't. I don't want our daughters thinking they should fall for a guy because of a nice car."

Nina chuckled and pressed a kiss onto my lips. "You're okay with our kids not ever knowing the truth?"

I wrapped my arms around her and held her close. "They already know the truth, Nina. You do too."

She mumbled something about honesty against my chest and drifted off to sleep as I held her in my arms. As I stroked her soft brown hair, I knew whatever the truth was of how we fell in love and who fell in love first, since that first night Nina had been the only person to ever make me want to take a chance on a life built on love.

I looked across the room to the portrait we'd had taken right after the kids' fifth birthday and saw the family that love had given me. In front of Nina and me sat our beautiful children, each one with something special from both of us. Diana, with her dark brown hair and eyes but a smile just like her mother's, leaned back against me with her tiny hand wrapped around my finger like she'd done since she was a baby. On the other side in front of Nina sat Tressa, her sister's identical twin but as different as night to her day. Just as in my dream, Tressa was a Stone through and through. And in the center sat Ethan, the perfect melding of his mother and father with Nina's light brown hair and my brown eyes. Quieter than his sisters, he was his father's son in that way, but I hoped that one day years from now, he'd meet someone who made him want to say those words that could change his world like his mother had done for me.

Nina snuggled against me, and just as I closed my eyes, I whispered into the darkness of the room, "I love you, Nina."

Lifting her head to look up at me, she smiled sweetly. "I love you too, Tristan. And it was me who fell first."

"Sweet dreams, princess."

THE END

