CHAPTER 1

Sweat lined the brow of the small man sitting across from me. The thin comb-over lay plastered to his forehead despite the cool air flowing through a nearby air vent. He hugged a briefcase close in his lap, not looking at any of the men who stood around the table. His eyes kept glancing toward the exit, as if all he wanted to do was bolt and make a run from the tension slowly escalating within the dark room.

I totally understood the sentiment.

"We haven't got all day," muttered a dark-haired Scotsman leaning against the far wall, but he was silenced by the morose glare of the blond man beside him.

Hands clapped down on my shoulders and I flinched. "Right then," came a cheery voice from behind me as my hands curled into fists beneath the table. "Now that we're all here, let's get on with the show. Who wants to start?"

Nobody shared his enthusiasm. Across from me, the thin man flinched at each word, looking like he wanted to melt into the floor and disappear. I swallowed nervously as silence again permeated the room. Finally one large man leaning against a nearby wall pulled himself upright. Everyone else in the room rose slightly in attention, unconsciously deferring to his leadership. "Loki," he rumbled, the thick Russian accent lending weight to his words, "now is not the time for your games."

"If not now, Vasili, then when?"

I noticed several others in the room grit their teeth at the jovial reply. Vasili grunted, then looked across the table from me. "Doctor Marchand," the large Russian murmured, "make your request."

The thin man started, glancing blankly up at the Russian. The hands on my shoulders squeezed enough to get my attention. "Your turn."

My turn? I half-turned toward the man behind me. "To do what?" I tensed as several sets of eyes in the room turned toward me.

"Translation, my dear. Dr. Marchand here is French."

I gave the arms dealer behind me a sharp look. If this had been any other situation, I might also have given Lucas Hamilton a piece of my mind. I'd been born in Canada and spoke fluent French, but I didn't like being forced into things. The dark-haired man behind me smiled placidly, quirking one eyebrow. His momentary glance about the room took in the other men before returning back to me - as if I needed a reminder.

I didn't even know where I was or why I was there; this was the first time anyone had addressed me since we'd entered the room. I'd been given a seat while the others glared at one another, clearly trying to see who had the biggest...well. I faced the Frenchman, pursing my lips. "They say to make your request," I translated in a dull voice. The pain of my fingernails biting into my palm was the only thing keeping me calm.

Marchand turned wide eyes at me, then licked his lips. His mouth worked for a moment, as if working up the courage, then he murmured, "I need help...smuggling medicines."

"They'll want more than that, Doctor," I replied, trying to ignore the eyes on me. Those slim hands never left my shoulder, but for now their owner was as much the enemy as everyone else in the room. "Where is the medicine going?"

Defiance sparked in the man's eyes for a brief moment, then died as he looked around the room. "To Africa. My hospital needs these supplies."

I frowned. He sounded like an honest enough man, so why was he here? Probably the same reason I'm here, I thought, swallowing a bitter pill. Because I have no choice. "He wants to smuggle some medicine to Africa."

"What medicines?"

"AIDS medication," I replied after a brief pause, translating the reluctant answer from the Frenchman.

"Africa might be difficult," Lucas murmured, and I translated. "Greasing all the right palms there can be an expensive proposition."

"If you can get them to the Caribbean, he can take care of the rest." My stomach roiled as I listened to myself speak, and I forced myself to breathe slowly. The urge to hyperventilate and panic was powerful. I glanced up to see some of the men eyeing me, and I turned my attention back to the table.

The blond man against the far wall whistled. "That's expensive stuff," he said, his voice a rough Australian accent. "Worth a lot on the black market too."

When I translated this, the Frenchman became incensed. "He insists it's for his village and surrounding areas," I explained as the doctor continued to gesticulate wildly. "He isn't going to sell any of it for profit."

"Too bad." The Australian's laugh was an ugly sound. "He'd get top dollar for it, especially down in Africa."

Doctor Marchand seemed to understand the gist of the conversation because his face turned red in self-righteous anger, but he stayed quiet. He sent an accusing gaze to me, as if I was the one who gave them the idea, and I glared back. I wanted to tell him that I was as much, if not more so, the victim here, but I doubted he'd believe me. I didn't asked for this job, I thought silently, trying to shrug off the hands on my shoulders. Blame the slick-tongued snake behind me for that privilege.

The big Russian in charge turned to the man behind me. "You can do this, Loki?"

"Indeed." Lucas moved to my side but his one hand stayed on my shoulder. I looked up to see his scarred face study everyone else in the room. "However," he added, quirking an eyebrow, "I don't think that's the whole offer. Am I correct, gentlemen?"

"Right you are, mate." The blond Australian stepped forward. "We'd like to add a bit of our own cargo to the lot, since you'd already be heading that way anyway."

The doctor glanced up at the Australian, then turned to me. "What are they saying?" he asked in French. I held up a finger, silently asking him to wait, as the conversation continued around me.

"And what would you be transporting?" Loki asked.

"The usual." Niall grinned. "May as well kill two birds with one stone with this little jaunt."

Lucas eyed the blond man. "You realized this is only to the Caribbean, right?"

"Yup. I just need to get this lot out of the country; distribution should be easier after that."

Loki nodded, as if that explained everything. "I'll need a full inventory."

The Australian man snapped his fingers, and a sheet of paper was passed across the table. Doctor Marchand followed the exchange, dark brows furrowed. Loki read the list and whistled. "Impressive. Valuable too."

"What is it?" the doctor hissed, leaning forward toward me. "What are they talking about?"

I stared at the doctor, unsure how to respond. Surely he knew what manner of folk he'd fallen in with. "How did you meet these men?"

"When I wasn't able to get enough medicine through approved channels, I approached one of my benefactors for help. He set up the meetin,g but I have not met the men in this room before today." The thin man slapped one hand on the table, inadvertently drawing attention to himself. "What is it they say?"

"Weapons," I replied, sick to my stomach. "Guns more than likely. They'll be added to your shipment."

"Non!" Marchand banged both fists on the table and stood suddenly. "Tell them this is unacceptable," he insisted, gesticulating wildly, the briefcase waving about like a bludgeon. "This was to be a medical operation; I cannot allow them to..."

Around the room, guns appeared in several hands. The Frenchman stuttered to a halt, his eyes going wide. My heart clenched in shared terror as the men in the room trained their weapons on the doctor. "No, wait," I exclaimed, rising to my feet, only to be pushed back into my seat by the hand gripping my shoulder. "Please, I misinterpreted something." Turning to Marchand, I said, "Please, think about your patients. If you die now, they'll never have help."

"If I allow this to happen," the doctor replied, voice high and fearful, his gaze moving between each of the men holding guns on him, "then I will be to blame for those who come into my clinic because of these weapons."

His words were like a suckerpunch to the gut. "Mr. Marchand," I begged, "please sit. This will happen now whether you want it or not, and all we can do is make the best of it."

The doctor's eyes swung between the men and my face, then with his hands still up on either side of his head he slowly lowered himself back into the seat. The defeat on his face was heartbreaking; he hugged the briefcase to his chest and, from the glare he gave me, I knew I was now firmly lumped in with the "bad guys" category.

I felt like one, too.

"What did he say?" the Australian asked, watching me intently.

"He, um, didn't know about the addition to the shipment."

The other man snorted. "Of course he didn't, love, or he'd never have agreed to throw his money in the pot. As long as he doesn't do that again."

"He won't, I promise." I glanced at the doctor. The thin man's glare nailed me to my seat, and I prayed he would keep quiet.

The Scotsman stepped forward at some silent order, wrenching the briefcase out of the French doctor's arms and setting it on the table. He unlocked and opened it, and my breath stuttered as I beheld more money than I'd ever seen in one place before. "This should cover the up-front costs," the Australian continued. "I am, however, open to certain...negotiations."

There was a smug note in the man's voice, and when I looked up I saw him watching me, a lascivious look on his face. His eyes darted down to my chest, his grin widening, then he barked a laugh when I adjusted the shirt higher. "Your little translator amuses me," he said, glancing briefly at Lucas. "Give her to me for twenty-four hours, and you can have ten percent of the profits."

My heart froze, ice shards tearing through my body. I dug my fingers into my thighs until one of the nails broke. The pain jolted me upright, and the hand on my shoulder tightened.

"Ten percent? That's a generous offer."

I twisted my head to see if Lucas meant what he said, but the arms dealer didn't look at me. His gaze was set on the Australian, who was in turn watching me. The blond man leaned close, his hazel eyes searching mine. This close, I could see even in the low light that fighting and age had destroyed the finer edges of his face. His nose was crooked, the white lines of scars stood out on his chin and forehead, and one ear sported a thick layer of cartilage I'd seen on boxers. Even then, he might have been considered ruggedly handsome if not for the decidedly evil twinkle in his eye, ruining an already damaged visage. I immediately dropped my eyes, and heard him grunt in approval. "She wears fear well."

Behind me, Lucas shifted, clucking his tongue. "And here I thought you were a married man."

"My wife knows her place, and knows better than to question what I want. Whether I take some on the side is no business of hers."

"Ah. Then you wouldn't mind a trade then?"

The blond man blinked, the smirk slipping from his face. Abandoning me, he peered up at Lucas. Jealousy flickered across the Australian's face. "What are you saying?" he growled.

"Your wife for my little translator." When the other man's face mottled in rage, Lucas smiled. "What, are you afraid what your wife might think about a real man?"

"You son of a..." The Australian grabbed at the gun on his hip, then the giant Russian man was there.

"Enough," he stated, muscles in his arms bulging as he crossed them over a wide chest. Vasili leaned down until he was face to face with the blond man. "Niall," he murmured, addressing the Australian. "Do we have a deal?"

Niall glared at Lucas, then down at me. The hand on my shoulder clenched ever so slightly, the only sign of Lucas' strain over the argument. Niall subsided. "We have a deal," he said bitterly. Not speaking another word, he signaled to his men. The Scotsman pulled the French doctor upright, dragging the man out of the room with everyone else.

I sagged in my chair, rolling my head backwards in relief. I didn't even realize I was leaning into Lucas' hip until he moved, lifting the hand off my shoulder. Until he pulled away, I hadn't realized how much his presence stabilized me. Swallowing hard, I gripped my knees, grateful when he moved away but ironically missing his strength.

"That wasn't so bad now, was it?"

Vasili ignored him, studying me for a moment. The Russian's stony gaze wasn't as scary as the lascivious look the Australian had given me, but was unnerving nonetheless. "Where is Anya?" he asked finally, thick accent rolling the letters of the other woman's name.

Emotional memories of a beautiful blonde woman dying on the ground resurfaced, and I bowed my head. Beside me, Lucas' smile faltered, then finally fell from his lips. "I required a new translator."

Vasili paused, then nodded. "Too bad," the big man murmured, expression never changing, "I liked her." He waved toward the door. "You may leave. I will contact you when ready."

Lucas pulled my chair back and I stood, skittering away when I felt his hand on the small of my back. His response was to pull me tight beside him as deep, thumping music washed over us. We reached the end of the stairs. As one man in a bouncer shirt pulled the rope gate open for us, we exited out into the chaos of music and flesh.

Before today, I'd never been inside a strip club. Two platforms connected both sides of the room, with naked women climbing tall poles at each end. Additional poles rose around the room, but most of the action here was done off the stages. Topless ladies entertained the various men seated in plush couches dotting the room. We moved slowly around the back of the club, Lucas keeping me in front of him, and I watched as two women led older businessmen behind curtains to our right. Neither woman was smiling, but that didn't seem to bother the men, whose gazes were very much not focused on the strippers' faces.

The women were all beautiful, but none of them seemed happy to be there. They ignored my presence completely, and I stayed tense and nervous until we got outside.

Lucas' big driver met us near the door with the car. After so long in a dark place, the bright sunlight momentarily blinded me. I shielded my eyes with one hand as Lucas let me forward toward the car. I climbed inside the limo first and crawled to the far end, while Lucas sat in his normal seat near the door. I studiously ignored the man, staring out the window.

"You did well in there," he said after a moment.

"Not like I had a choice," I replied bitterly, watching as we left this area of the city. I didn't even know where we were; buildings rose up all around me, blocking out any landmarks that could tell me my location. In the short time I'd lived in New York City and its surrounding areas, I hadn't given myself time to explore, so the street signs meant little to me.

"There is always a choice," Lucas replied, his voice even. "Sometimes, there just isn't a good one."

I turned to look at my erstwhile captor, but he was staring out a window at the passing city, not at me. Lucas was somber, an expression I hadn't seen on the man's face before. There was always a sneer, a snide remark or some sarcastic comment, but never this kind of quiet introspection. The change threw me for a loop and reminded me of another man who looked so similar.

My heart clenched at the thought of Jeremiah, and I stared down at my hands. I wonder if he's searching for me. Not even four hours before, I'd been snuggled in bed with the man I loved, and my life couldn't have been more perfect.

Now I was here.

"Why did you kidnap me?" I asked suddenly, searching for something to drive away the aching loneliness.

A ghost of a smile danced across Lucas' lips. "Would you believe it's because I enjoy your company?" he asked. I snorted. He shrugged one shoulder. "I thought not."

"If you needed an interpreter, you could have asked." Preferably someone else, I added silently, crossing my arms.

He looked at me. "What would you have said if I had asked?"

"No."

A true smile graced Lucas' lips. Even from across the car the familiarity of those blue-green eyes on the somber face struck me. He looks so much like his brother.

Beyond their appearance however, the two men were as different as could be. The scar bisecting the face of the man before me was only one outward representation. Lucas was lean, lacking the broadness of his ex-Army brother. His hands, I noted absently, were nothing like Jeremiah's. The billionaire's were rough, a workingman's hand, while Lucas's were smooth and well manicured. They were the kind that, to my mind, had never before seen a day of hard labor.

"What do you want, Lucas?" I asked, suddenly tired of everything.

"What do you want, Ms. Delacourt?" he mused, watching me intently.

"I want to go home."

"As do I."

A snide remark was on the tip of my tongue but I bit it back as I saw the rueful look on his face. Ignoring him again, I stared out the window. "You could have at least warned me about what was happening in there."

He said nothing to that and we lapsed back into silence. I watched the city pass by without really noticing anything until finally, we turned down an alley and into a gated parking garage. Some trepidation crept over me as we pulled through another inner gate and parked beside an elevator.

"Ah, finally." The light tone was back, and when the door to the limo was opened Lucas scooted sideways and out. "Coming?" he added a moment later, poking his head inside the vehicle.

The urge to stay in my seat came over me again - our last stop had been an unwelcome surprise - but after a moment's contemplation I walked hunched over through the long cab to the door. Ignoring Lucas' hand, I pulled myself out into the cool air, but instead of backing away to give me some space, the wretched man moved in close.

Unable to back away, I turned my head, irritated by his proximity, as he ran a finger down my face. His hand came under my chin, tilting my head back around to face him. "Anger, not fear," he murmured, and then a self-satisfied smile split his face. "I can work with that."

He stepped away, giving me some space, and I breathed a sigh of relief. The driver closed the door and pulled the car away as I reluctantly followed the dark-haired man toward the elevator. Lucas ran a card through a slot and inputted a code of some kind, and then I heard the contraption start its descent.

"Where are we now?" I asked as he held the door open for me. I kept on the opposite end of the small room, and thankfully he didn't try to invade my space again. "Some other meeting where I might get shot?"

"Not quite."

The elevator went up and up, and I wondered how tall the building was. The panel had a single floor button labeled Penthouse, and I realized this elevator was meant only for the top floor. Eventually, the lift slowed, then with a ding the doors opened directly into a bright, thoroughly modern living room.

Hmm. Not quite what I was expecting.

"After you," Lucas said.

I stepped out of the elevator, gazing around the spacious room. The ceilings were tall, with lights hanging down on thin wires to just above head level. Two skylights let sunlight stream inside, but the room was lined with windows that overlooked the New York skyline. The furniture was a pale cream, almost white, and all leather with a few colored accents. It certainly didn't look like much of a bachelor pad.

The doors closed behind me, and a faint click came from the panel beside the elevator. A quick glance showed the red light glowing, and I guessed that I was stuck here for the time being. Swallowing back my nervousness, I followed slowly as Lucas moved further into the room, disappearing briefly around a corner. Stepping forward, I looked around and saw that the kitchen was nearly as big as the living room. There was a clink of glass, then he called out, "Wine?"

"Um." He was acting like I was his houseguest, not a captive, and it threw me off. "Water please."

"Coming right up."

While he moved around the kitchen, I shifted further into the living room. The penthouse was modern, with thin steps beside the kitchen, leading up to another floor. I'd spent the last few weeks living inside a huge house in the Hamptons, and while this wasn't quite as luxurious nor as large, it came very close in feel. "Is this place yours?" I asked.

"One of them, yes."

I wasn't sure what I expected from the gunrunner's home, but it certainly wasn't this. As far as I could tell, Lucas Hamilton had a sarcastic, colorful personality. I would have thought his home would be just as ostentatious as the man himself. This loft, however, looked more like something out of Ikea than Cirque de Soleil.

"Why am I here?" The question poured out of my mouth, all of my frustration behind the simple phrase.

Lucas handed me a bottle of water. "Because we both have something to prove to my brother."

"Can I leave?"

"No."

"Please?"

Lucas sighed. "Would you like a tour of the place?"

"No, I'd like to go home."

"To that little Jersey City apartment, or back to my brother who rejected you?"

I wish I hadn't told him that. My words had been an accident, but the damage was done. The reminder still stung and I swallowed, mouth dry. "He didn't reject me," I murmured, but there was no conviction behind my lie.

Lucas put a hand on my elbow, guiding me around the leather couch. "Sit," he said, and sat down on a matching chair across from me. "Whether he rejected you is beside the point. He needs to learn how to appreciate you, and I need your language skills. If one can help the other, where is the problem?"

I stared at him incredulously. "What world do you live in where you can kidnap people and force them to help you?"

"My world."

I unscrewed the cap off the water, taking an angry swig and wishing it was something stronger. "For someone who says they want to go home," I said bitterly, "you sure seem intent on barreling down the wrong road."

Lucas said nothing to that, and when I finally looked up I found he was studying me intently. I looked away, not wishing him to see how badly I wanted to get away. Not just from him, but from everything.

"It's been a long day," he said after a moment, standing up. "The first bedroom upstairs on the right is made up for you. Let me know if you need anything."

I didn't pause to consider the odd statement but stood up quickly, not wanting to study it too closely. Almost to the stairs, I heard him call my name and turned around. He watched me for a moment before speaking. "You know I never would have given you to Niall."

I swallowed, wanting only to be gone. "I know," I murmured softly. Even when I'd been sitting in that chair surrounded by the strange men, I'd known the scarred man had my back. It made no sense trusting him, but I did, at least that tiny bit. Not wanting to talk any longer, I fled up the steps and bolted myself inside the bedroom. The tall bed had been turned down for me, and the shutters to the windows were all closed. Not bothering to really take further notice of my surroundings, I climbed into the bed and pulled the covers around me.

The cocoon of blankets wasn't the most perfect shield from the scary world I'd been thrust into, but it would have to do for now.

I must have dozed off because when I finally threw off the sheets, I could see that it was already dark outside. The winter sun set early, and it didn't feel like I'd slept too much, but there were no clocks around to tell me the time. I discovered my room had its own full bathroom, which was a relief, as I didn't want to go outside that door anytime soon.

I thought I heard voices downstairs but ignored them, surveying what was laid out on the granite countertops. Lucas had prepared for my arrival. The bathroom had hair brushes and curling irons, as well as a fully stocked medicine cabinet. I picked up a brush and, looking close, saw a pale blonde strand curling around the handle. It wasn't much lighter than mine, and I quickly set the brush down as I realized to whom it had belonged, and whose bedroom I was now occupying.

A quick stroll through the walk-in closet confirmed my suspicions. Gowns, dresses, shirts, pants, all in sizes far too small for my figure, hung in neat rows separated by color and type. I even identified the dress Anya Petrovski had worn when I first met her, the flashy number an eye-catcher despite the low light.

Okay, yeah, this is weird.

There was a knock at the door and I swung around as if caught snooping. Don't be silly, Lucy, I chastised myself, still closing the closet behind me. He put you in here. Obviously he expected you to look around. There was something not right about looking through a dead woman's things, however. As much as I'd dislike Anya in the brief moments I'd known her, all I could see now when I thought of her was the pale, tear-streaked face lying in a pool of blood.

"Knock-knock?" Lucas called, breaking me out of my reverie.

After a moment's hesitation I unlocked the door and peeked outside. Lucas filled the entryway, leaning casually against the doorframe. In one hand he held a half-empty bottle of wine, in the other two glasses. "May I come in?"

The urge to say "No" was on the tip of my tongue. This is a bad idea, I thought even as I stepped aside, allowing him inside the room. "You here to let me go?" I asked, crossing my arms.

"Nope, just wanted to talk." He seemed momentarily distracted, looking all around the room as if taking it in. I couldn't see his face so had no idea what he was thinking, but got a clue when he picked up the picture of Anya I'd been staring at. Sympathy curled inside my heart as I remembered that, right behind the Russian girl's tearful face, I'd also seen his desperate one. He'd tried to save her, but there hadn't been any chance, and Anya had died in his arms.

I put my hand out towards his arm as he laid the picture face down, then pulled it back as he turned around. "Thirsty?" he asked, holding out the glasses. When I shook my head, he shrugged. "More for me then."

"You're drunk," I said, giving him a wide berth.

Lucas held up a finger. "Not drunk. Buzzed." He stumbled, leaning against a nearby dresser. "Okay, maybe a tiny bit drunk."

The bottle he carried was nearly empty, and I stared at it disapprovingly. "Is this normal for you?"

Lucas shook his head, paused to think about the question, then shook his head again.

I rolled my eyes, the last vestiges of sympathy burning away. "This isn't winning you any brownie points," I said, but my traitorous mouth tipped up into a small grin despite myself.

"I'm curious what my brother saw in you."

My smile vanished, as did any patience for dealing with the man. "You can leave now." I marched across the room and opened the door. "I'd like..."

I turned to see him standing only inches behind me, and my words stuttered into silence. I hadn't even heard him move. I pulled back a step and came up flush against the wall between the bathroom and bedroom doors. Lucas pushed forward, far too close for my comfort, and I put a hand against his chest to keep him back.

It's a curious thing, having someone this attractive standing so close. Even though I didn't particularly like the man, there was no denying he was handsome, or that his proximity made my stomach do flip-flops. The scar across his nose and cheek only served to accentuate his features. The smell of expensive wine was like faint cologne, not at all the cloying odor I would have expected. Beneath my hand, I felt the play of muscles beneath warm skin and silk, and I swallowed.

His fingers pushed a strand of hair out of my face, running along my brow, and I shivered. I pressed back against the wall and he followed, my hand the only thing keeping him at bay. "You're beautiful," he murmured, dipping his face down near my temple. Warm breath flowed against my cheek. "And smart. And fearless. Is that what my brother saw?"

Instead of offending me, his words created a jumble in my head. I stared fixedly at his shoulder, refusing to meet his gaze. His other hand came up to caress my shoulder. The touch burned down my arm, leaving a white-hot trail across my skin, and the hand holding him away weakened its hold, allowing him to press closer.

Perhaps if he'd tried to kiss me or touch me in any way that could be deemed improper, I might have found the will to push him off, but he seemed content to stand this close. Certainly that more than anything left me confused about how to respond. When the back of his hand slid down my neck and across one shoulder, I trembled, my belly clenching.

Remember Anya, part of me whispered. At that moment however, it was difficult to hold my thoughts together enough to remember my own name, let alone the bedroom's previous occupant. I leaned my head back against the wall as another hand glide across my collarbone, the touch feather light. My eyes fluttered shut, giving in to the fragile grace of skin on skin.

Until I met Jeremiah, I hadn't realized how desperately I craved contact. My family was gone; I was alone in the world. For three years, I'd pushed aside all else, striving to preserve their legacy to me, until I'd lost my family home to the creditors. After that, my existence was a struggle to survive, to stay one step ahead of homelessness. Jeremiah Hamilton had plucked me from that reality, his touch making me feel more alive than I had in years. Now he was gone, but that burning desire, the need for human contact, remained strong in me, a live wire I couldn't yet cap.

Lucas leaned his forehead against mine, and as I opened my eyes I saw full lips mere inches from mine. Looking up into blue-green eyes with dark lashes rimming and accentuating the color, I felt my insides melt. "So beautiful," he murmured again, tilting his head to look at me. Then he leaned forward, warm lips pressing against mine.

There was no demand to the kiss, so for a moment I did nothing. He sucked on my lower lip, grazing the soft flesh with his teeth. I didn't kiss him back, my body stiff with indecision, but Lucas didn't seem to mind. When I felt the first dart of his tongue however, my lips parted of their own accord, instinctively allowing him access. My hand on his torso, which had kept him at bay before, gripped tightly at the dark silk, pulling him against my body.

If I thought the soft seduction was all Lucas had, his sudden hunger surprised me. Pressing me hard against the wall, his mouth burned across my lips, and I gave a small sigh. A hand slid around the small of my back, pulling me against his body as the kiss deepened, his tongue teasing me, encouraging me to be a bit bolder. It had the desired effect. I slid my arms around his neck, arching up to him, opening my mouth and allowing him access while at the same time meeting his own ardent advances. Hands curling through his longer hair, I moaned into his mouth, fingers dancing down along his ears and across the rough stubble on his jaw.

"God, you're hot," he murmured against my lips, hands slipping beneath the waistline of my pants to grip my hips. I reveled in his touch, wanting everything suddenly, wanting...

Jeremiah.

Guilt stabbed me through the heart, the effect like a bucket of ice water over me. I broke off the kiss with a gasp. Lucas didn't notice the change, his lips falling to nibble tempting patterns on my neck, and an answering fire rose within my belly. My body seemed content to continue what was happening now, while my brain pleaded with me to end this. I rolled my head sideways, and caught the image of the blonde Russian woman staring at me from the framed picture. "Is this what you did with Anya?"

The reaction to my question was immediate. Lucas stopped what he was doing, then stumbled back, staring down at me for a moment. The swipe of cold air that swept across me in his absence made me shiver, and suddenly tears threatened to overwhelm me. His eyes followed mine down to the picture beside us, and emotion twisted his face. "Yes," Lucas muttered, staring blankly down at me. "This is exactly what I did."

He stumbled sideways, wrenching the door open beside us, then disappeared around the frame. I slammed the door behind him, bolting it shut, and dove back into the bed. My heart hurt badly, and tears streamed down my face as I tried to drown out the world around me. Jeremiah, I thought again, imagining the man's face, his thick arms around me. I should have given you a chance to explain... Explain what though? I'd whispered my love in a moment of candor, and he'd run from the house as if chased by bees.

Muffled thumps and crashes came from downstairs, but I didn't pay attention, too caught up in my own misery. How did this happen to me? I wondered, the events of the day racing through my mind.

What madness have I gotten myself into?

CHAPTER 2

A high pitch shrieking jolted me from a fitful slumber.

Jolted awake, I scrabbled at my sheets, groping for the edge of the bed. The ground was further away than I thought, and I stumbled but managed to stay upright as I ran to the door. Ripping it open, I immediately smelled smoke, and raced toward the stairs, not knowing what to expect.

Lucas peered up at me from the kitchen. Sunglasses covered his eyes, but he gave me a bright smile. "Good morning, sunshine. I'm making breakfast. Care for some?" He had a fork in one hand and an unplugged toaster under his other arm, likely the reason for the fire alarm. Setting the chrome appliance back onto the counter, he moved toward the refrigerator. "How about eggs?"

I watched him, still momentarily stunned by my impromptu alarm clock. He bustled around the large kitchen, whistling a bright tune as he pulled the eggs out of the fridge. Shaking my head, my gaze travelled to the living room and my eyes widened in shock. "What happened?" I exclaimed, moving down the stairs slowly.

"Oh, this? I redecorated."

The room looked as though a tornado had come through sometime during the night. One chair was lying on its side, several paintings had been dislodged from the wall, and the wood coffee table had been flipped onto its top. Nothing looked broken as far as I could tell. It was a mess, but fixable. Eying it dubiously, I kept my mouth shut and avoided the room as I tugged on one of the kitchen stools.

Sitting at the bar and keeping the granite surface between me and my far too chipper captor, I pulled the toaster toward me and peered inside. Frowning, I grabbed the fork and fished out two of the blackest lumps of toast I'd ever seen. "You don't cook much, do you?" I said drolly, pushing the lumps toward him.

"Don't be silly." Lucas set the frying pan atop the stove, turning the gas burner on high, then began cracking eggs. "I've seen all the shows. It isn't that hard."

I watched silently, my eyebrows going up as I realized he had no butter or oil to grease the stainless pan. "Uh huh," I said, resigning myself to more fire alarms.

As the last vestiges of sleep left my system, I sobered up. "So what happens now?" I asked, leaning one elbow on the granite.

"What do you mean?"

"Can I go home?"

I couldn't quite read his expression from my vantage point. He seemed fixated on the eggs, although he wasn't really stirring them. "It's not that easy," he said after a moment.

"Let me go," I pleaded, giving my pride a break. "I translated for you in that dirty little room, which probably makes me a criminal in some way." The thought made my chin wobble. "Lucas please, let me go. I don't want to become like Anya."

There, I'd said it. Lying in bed last night, it occurred to me that the other woman's death, and possibly her life, was a sore spot for the gunrunner. His reaction now confirmed my suspicion: the knuckles around the spatula in his hand whitened and he sighed. "All right," he finally murmured, but held up a finger before I could start cheering. "But on one condition: you have to attend this last meeting with me."

"What's going to happen?"

"It's cargo transfer, paperwork mostly. They requested everything be expedited, so everything is happening today. I want you there to make sure anything in French is correct, then once that's done you're free to go."

I sagged in relief. "Thank you," I said, smiling in gratitude. Behind Lucas, the first tendrils of smoke wafted from the pan. I motioned toward the oven. "You're burning the eggs."

Lucas let out a curse and pulled the pan off the fire. He quickly switched on the exhaust fan as smoke billowed out from the fry pan, but it was too late. Five seconds later, the fire alarm went off again, and Lucas cursed again.

The whole scene was comical, and I bit my lip to keep from smiling, to no avail. My mood much lighter since I was set to be freed soon, I pushed back the stool and rounded the corner into the kitchen. "Put that in the sink," I said, wrinkling my nose at the sulfur smell of burned eggs. "Don't run water on it," I added quickly, stopping him just in time from ensuring the smell would never leave.

A quick check of the pantry and refrigerator gave me the tools I needed. Two minutes later I was whisking together some batter.

"What are you making?" he asked, peering over my shoulder.

"Pancakes. And you are hereby banished from the kitchen." I pointed the whisk at him, careful to keep it over the bowl. "Shoo!"

"Ooh, I like a bossy woman," he murmured, then fled as I pretended to go after him with the wooden spoon still covered in burned egg.

Four hours later, I wasn't smiling any more when the limo stopped along the water's edge. Lucas exited the vehicle first and I followed behind, staying as close to him as I could. If it had been Jeremiah there, I would have held his arm for support, but this wasn't the sort of situation the businessman would have willingly put me into. My only comfort was that, after this part, I was done.

I had no clue where we were. We'd left New York City far behind us; my apprehension rose the further we moved from the big city. Any hope of Jeremiah swooping in to rescue me died a slow death during that journey. I tried to comfort myself that I'd see him soon, provided Lucas kept his end of our deal. I wished it didn't come at the cost of having to do this again.

Niall and his men were standing ahead, with a large ship sitting in the water down a short pier behind them. I was no nautical expert, but while this wasn't as big as some of the cargo vessels I'd seen passing along the Hudson River, it was still large enough to carry just about anything. The ship was old. Lines of rust ran down from between the plates and rivets holding the hull together. It looked like at one time it may have been a fishing boat, with the bulk of its storage in the belly. If it was here, I doubted that was its use any longer.

"What's this piece of garbage?" Niall didn't look happy with the ship, jerking his thumb derisively toward the hunk of metal.

"You wanted a transport, here it is." Lucas didn't seem fazed by the other man's irritation. He turned to another older man standing apart from the Australian's group. "Has everything been loaded aboard?"

"Loaded and awaiting your orders."

Lucas nodded, but Niall wasn't finished with his tirade. "Mate, if I wanted a bloody lifeboat, I would have bought one myself!"

"The ship is sound and Captain Matthews will take good care of your cargo. And if you want my help getting your merchandise into the country, you'll use my ship." He grinned broadly at Niall. "Trust me, she grows on you."

The Australian didn't seem at all convinced, but Lucas obviously didn't care. "And where is the good doctor?" he asked.

Niall grunted. "He's taking a different route to our destination. We'll be riding with the cargo."

From the satisfied grin on the other man's face, I got a sick feeling there was more to it than that, but Lucas' smile never wavered. "Ah. Well gentlemen, let's make sure everything is to your satisfaction then we can leave and..."

"Oh no, we got other business to discuss." Niall pointed at me. "She's coming with us."

My heart stopped, but Lucas gave a light laugh. "I'm afraid the girl stays with me," he said, taking my arm, but stopped when the men at Niall's back pulled out their guns.

"You didn't tell me this little sheila belongs to your brother. Tell me, how much do you think he'd pay to get her back safely?"

I swallowed, fear causing my stomach to heave and roil. The guns weren't pointing at us, yet, but the threat was obvious. Lucas' smile never left his face, but it took on a flat note as he studied Niall and his thugs. "Quite a bit, I'd imagine." Lucas clapped his hands. The sudden sound caused two of the goons to raise their weapons. "Well then, Captain," he said to the man still standing next to him, "it seems like we'll be having a few guests. Make sure extra accommodations are prepared."

"Yes sir."

"Bloody right." Grinning at having won this argument, Niall stepped forward and reached for my arm. "You're coming with me."

I cringed back, prepared to fight tooth and nail, but Lucas stepped between us. He moved so quickly I didn't even see him pull the gun until it was already under Niall's chin. The big Australian jerked to a stop, rage and sudden fear making his face go florid as he glared at Lucas.

"Ms. Delacourt stays with me." There was nothing jovial about Lucas now. He leaned in close to the other man's face. "My ship, my rules. Do I make myself clear, Mr. Jackson?"

Niall looked like he was sucking on a lemon. Behind him, his men had their guns trained on Lucas and me. I prayed the gunrunner knew what he was doing.

"They'll kill you and the girl," Niall hissed, then grunted as Lucas pushed the gun harder against the tender flesh of his chin.

"Perhaps." Lucas smiled, a hint of amusement in his tone. "But you'll still be dead."

The two men glared at one another, neither willing to back down. When Lucas manually cocked the weapon the fire died in Niall's eyes. "Guns down," he called, and his men lowered their weapons. The blond man stepped back and Lucas lowered the weapon, although it remained trained on the other man. "You'll pay for that."

"I have many things to pay for," Lucas said. "This ranks low on my list." Putting his hand again on my elbow, he steered me away and toward a nearby gangplank. When I struggled against his grip, he didn't waver, forcing me up the narrow pathway to the ship.

"You promised me I could go," I hissed, trying unsuccessfully to wrench my arm free.

"Yes I did." Lucas' lips were pressed in a grim line as he pulled me along behind him down the side of the ship. Much of it looked like a walking tetanus trap, despite obvious attempts at whitewashing and other paint jobs. The boat dipped and swayed, rocking in the turbulent winter waters. As we rounded the main part of the ship, a cabin door loomed into the darkness. "Down here, but watch your step."

Water dripped from somewhere inside, but the stairway led into a cavernous opening within the bowels of the ship. Men were hard at work moving crates around on the bottom floor. Stairs and metal gangways wound around the open area, leading to different levels. Our staircase was long, running all the way to the cargo hold below. Lucas let me down a single flight then turned me onto a landing about halfway down. We passed several doors on the left before Lucas pushed one open, gesturing me inside.

The room was in much better condition than the rest of the ship. While small, it still had a queen size bed, a couple pieces of furniture and, to my relief, its own bathroom. "Your home sweet home for the next few days," Lucas said as I examined the room. He ran a hand through his hair, the only indication that he was agitated. Like his brother, his face was hard to read, for once lacking its normal cocky grin. "There's tablets in the bathroom cupboards if you get seasick. Keep the doors locked to everybody but myself, and you'll be safe here."

"Oh, you promise?" I snapped sarcastically. "Like how you promised I could go home after this?"

He conceded my point with a tip of his head. "Touche."

"Lucas?" I called as he was closing the door. He paused and looked at me. "Is this what happened to Anya?"

"No. She thought the danger was romantic." He shook his head and sighed. "And I, great fool that I was, let her come with me."

I digested that as he shut the door, then hurried to lock it behind him. Collapsing backwards onto the hard mattress, I grabbed a pillow from above my head and covered my face. Oh, what a mess my life had become! Only a month ago, I was an office temp barely managing to get by living in the city. How on earth did I manage to get aboard a gunrunner's boat?

I was still lying there several minutes later, staring at the wood ceiling, when I felt the jolt of the ship taking off. Closing my eyes, I turned my head into the pillows, wishing fervently my life wasn't such a disaster.

Now that we were moving and away from the shore, the rocking surf grew more pronounced. My family had never been the kind to take boat tours, so I hadn't developed much in the way of a sea stomach. I was okay so far, but decided it was better safe than sorry and headed to the bathroom to chew a tablet.

Unlike my room in the loft, this one had obviously never seen a woman's touch. Spartan and threadbare, almost everything in the room was either bolted down or braced, which made sense for a seafaring vessel. Even the shelf nearby had a tall lip to keep the books from flying free, and I peeked through the titles. All of them were weathered and beaten, as if they'd seen extensive use. Some I expected, such as Sun Tzu's "Art of War" and Machiavelli's "The Prince." Others weren't what I imagined to find in Lucas' room, such as Tolkien and C.S. Lewis. Interesting selection, I thought, thumbing through the various titles, and then I abandoned that area to look around some more.

A single picture sat on the narrow dresser. When I tried to pick it up, I realized it was glued to the surface ,so I leaned forward to peer closely. It was impossible to tell just how old the picture was, but I hazarded a guess that the two boys were Lucas and Jeremiah Hamilton. The shoreline looked like that of their Hamptons home, to which I'd recently been a reluctant visitor. There were no smiles on their faces, but the way they stood close to one another spoke of a bond that had apparently broken at some point between then and now.

There was a knock at the door, and I bolted upright as if I'd been caught snooping. Rolling my eyes and blowing out a quick breath, I unbolted the door and opened it to see Lucas standing in the doorway.

"Didn't I tell you to ask before opening?" he said, irritated at my lapse as he strode past me into the room.

"Yes, Master," I said sarcastically, getting an exasperated look from him. "What's this?" I pointed to the bundle he set onto the bed.

"Clothing," he replied, for the moment letting the matter of security drop. "I had them picked up before we left. And no, they are not Anya's old clothes. I sent a man to pick up something in your size last night."

I gave him a suspicious look. "How long were you planning on keeping me with you?"

"I have no idea what you're talking about," he said, gracing me with a big smile. "So, how do you like your new room?"

He was talking to me like we were best friends, which made me even more suspicious. Then again, I thought, that's probably how he talks to everyone. "Not bad," I said in a guarded voice.

"Good. Because I'm going to be staying here with you."

"Oh no you're not." The words poured out of my mouth, a kneejerk response to his assumption. The idea of sleeping in the same room as the man let alone the same bed... "Nope, no way."

"Yes way." He poked the tip of my nose before I could pull away. "And you'll thank me for it. Besides, this is my room. You wouldn't expect me to bunk in a cot with my men, do you?"

"Yes," I blurted out, and Lucas rolled his eyes.

"I need to go make sure we make it away from the mainland alright. Hopefully I greased the right palms this time." He gestured around the cabin. "Make yourself at home."

"This time?" I echoed, but Lucas was already heading out the door. Letting out a frustrated groan, I locked it behind him, determined to keep it closed the next time he knocked. Then I went and grabbed a book, resigning myself to boredom.

An indeterminate amount of time later, there came a knock at the door. I was a quarter of the way through "Art of War", having given up on Tolkien by the second chapter. I flipped the page, ignoring whoever was at the door. We hadn't made any stops since leaving, and I still wasn't in any mood to entertain visitors.

Another rap at the door, this one louder, had me rolling my eyes and putting the book down on the bed. "Who is it?" I called in a bored voice.

"Much better this time."

I crossed my arms. "You know, sarcasm won't get you through this door."

"What about food?"

My stomach rumbled at the mention, and I quickly unbolted the locks. Lucas stood in the entrance, a tray in his hand. "Mind if I join you for dinner?" he asked.

The polite question startled me, and I shrugged. "Sure." I moved aside as he brushed past. Smells reached my nose, making my mouth water, and I trailed after him as he set the tray on the dresser. "I take it I won't be eating in whatever passes as the cafeteria here?" I peered over his shoulder to see what he brought.

"The correct term is 'galley', and probably not. I trust my men not to touch you, but Niall brought along a number of his own guards. I'm still not altogether certain of their intentions."

The thought of being the only woman aboard a ship full of men hit me, and I shivered. "Did Anya ever come aboard ship?"

Lucas nodded. "Not often, but on at least two occasions. She liked the attention." He threw me a droll gaze. "I don't think you'd appreciate it as much."

We ate in silence, which I was happy for. The food was decent and fairly healthy, even if the green beans were flavored with bacon fat. "Who's your cook?"

"Alexei. Claims he went to a culinary school, but I don't see it."

"Oh." The ensuing silence was awkward, but tolerable enough. Lucas seemed lost in thought, which gave me a rare moment to just watch him. Somber like this, he looked so much like his brother. I found it hard to believe Lucas was older than Jeremiah. The man before me was slimmer and shorter than his ex-Army brother, but had the same features and dark coloring. The pale scar along his face stood out against the olive skin, differentiating him from his brother more than anything else.

It amazed me how different the two men were. Jeremiah had the broody, tortured thing going for him, while Lucas... I wasn't sure. He held a different type of mask in place, one that I found hard to pierce. There wasn't much brooding here, at least not on the surface; his lips more often than not were locked in a Joker-like smile, as if sarcasm and pleasantries could keep people away.

As much as I enjoyed puzzles, the Hamilton men were a bit out of my league.

"So am I stuck in here until we reach wherever we're going?" The question was matter of fact; I'd resigned myself to another bout of imprisonment by a Hamilton brother. They certainly had that in common too.

To my surprise, Lucas shook his head. "You're safest in here, certainly, but you can explore the ship if you'd like. Provided," he added, holding up a hand to keep me from speaking, "one of my men is with you at all times."

I frowned at him, which he appeared to ignore. "From one prison to another," I muttered, poking at the remains of my green beans. I'd been a "guest" at the Hamilton family's house in the Hamptons for nearly two weeks, forced to stay inside the palatial mansion. Despite my captivity, I hadn't fared well; I was shot at, kidnapped, and almost killed before my lover, an ex-Ranger sniper, had taken out my assailant right before my eyes.

The memory killed my appetite, and I pushed the plate of food across the bed. "What now?"

Lucas shrugged. "I don't usually come along for the ride on this kind of trip. I'm more a 'private charter across the sea' kind of guy who'd rather enjoy some tropical scenery and a Mai Tai." He winked at me. "I like the little umbrellas."

"Of course." Conversations with the scarred man were like talking to a child running in circles around your legs: twisted, but oddly amusing. "Five days, right?"

"Right. I'll think of something to get you home between now and then."

I wanted to believe him, but just nodded glumly. Lucas picked up the book off the bed, leafing through the pages. "Good choice," he said. "There's a lot of practical knowledge in here that doesn't have to apply to war only."

"Yeah," I muttered, taking the book away from him and staring at it in my hands.

"All warfare is based on deception." His finger under my chin brought my head up to look at him. "Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak. The art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting."

By the third sentence I realized he was quoting the book. "Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting," Lucas continued, his tone soft. Those blue-green eyes dipped lower, looking at my mouth. "All is fair in love and war."

"To know your enemy, you must become your enemy."

Lucas blinked at my quote, then looked back up into my eyes. A smile, probably the most honest I'd seen on his face, creased his lips. "Very true."

Suddenly shy, I broke off our gaze and rolled sideways off the bed. "Thank you for bringing me dinner." I was careful to keep the bed between the two of us.

"No problem. Get some rest, and I'll see you in the morning." He winked. "Don't wait up for me."

My eyes grew wide in alarm as Lucas, whistling now, moved over toward the door. "Sleep tight," he added, smirking, before letting himself out.

I puffed out a breath, exasperated. Men. Pushing the clothes to the ground in a heap beside the bed, I flopped back onto the mattress, staring at the ceiling. I wasn't the least bit tired, but I still pulled the comforter over me, grabbing the book and thumbing back to my place. This is going to be a long week.

CHAPTER 3

There was no light from within the windowless room when I awoke, save for the dim glow from a nearby nightlight. The bed bobbed and swayed beneath me, reminding me via a suddenly queasy stomach that I was aboard a ship. I flopped an arm sideways and was relieved to find myself alone in the bed.

Pulling the sheets from my body, I paused when I heard a faint snort coming from the middle of the room. Crawling quietly across the bed, I peeked over the edge and saw Lucas lying on the ground, fast asleep. The dim light still managed to outline his shape and I bit my lip to keep from smiling. The man was lying spread-eagle on the floor, taking up as much space as he could. The blankets he had used for cover and padding were twisted around his slim body, and from the amount of skin showing... Blushing, I rolled over in the bed, not wanting to discover whether he really was as naked as he looked.

I waited a moment before pulling the sheets from around my body, moving as quietly as I could out of bed and onto my feet. Grabbing the entire pile of clothing on the floor, I tiptoed around the dark man's prone form. The thin carpet was cool, the creaking of my footsteps blending in with the rest of the ship's noises. I breathed a sigh of relief when I locked myself inside the bathroom and quickly changed clothes, washing my face and pulling my frazzled hair back into a quick ponytail. Peeking out of the bathroom, I moved as quietly as I could toward the door, slipping into my shoes and a wool pea coat, then snuck out of the bedroom.

There wasn't a soul in sight, and I let out a relieved breath. From far below I heard someone cough, and there was a low din of voices coming from nearby. I tentatively made my way along the metal ground, moving toward the voices. The last room door was open, and as I poked my head inside all talking ceased. A roomful of large men stared at me.

Cafeteria, my mind registered, but the rest of me froze. I tried to speak but nothing would come out, so I just waved. That seemed to break the silence, and they turned back to their meals as I pulled my head back out of the doorway. Lucy, I thought, you are such a ninny.

Deciding against going downstairs, I headed towards the upper deck and had to push hard against the door to get it to open. Grey clouds covered the sun, so I had no idea what time I'd awoken. The wind blew across the deck something fierce, the deck beneath my feet bucking and diving. Ocean spray filled the air, covering me with a fine layer of mist within seconds. Pulling my coat tight around me, I held tightly to the thin railing alongside the ship, watching the ocean heave around me. I'd grabbed another seasickness tab earlier in the bathroom and was glad I took the added precaution. My stomach didn't like the rolling seas all that much, but otherwise I thought the whole thing fantastic.

I was the only one foolish enough to be outside this early in the morning. While that meant I had the deck to myself, I could also understand why everyone else preferred to stay inside as the cold penetrated my thick coat. Looking around, I noticed another entrance atop the deck and, staying close to the walls, made my way to the door. Pulling it open, I got a draft of warm air across my frozen nose, and quickly hustled inside. The steps here led upwards, and I climbed them hesitantly, peeking to see who was inside.

Smoky air filled the narrow cabin, the telltale smell of tobacco letting me know I wasn't alone. Voices mumbled overhead, and I poked my head above floor level to see two men sitting in stools bolted to the floor, looking out of windows lining the dash. I recognized the captain from yesterday, but not the man beside him. Both had the same look about them, gruff and weatherworn, but neither exuded the danger of the men I'd seen below.

"Well, lookit what the cat drug in."

I ducked my head, giving a shy wave as both men turned in their seats to look at me. The captain gestured for me to come up. "Well don't just stand there," he continued, old face wrinkling in a smile. "I promise ya, we don't bite."

"I used to," the man beside the captain said, then gave me a gap-toothed grin. "But I've already lost most of the worst offenders."

The captain gave the other man a slap upside the head, eliciting an amused squawk. Biting my lip to keep from smiling, I climbed the remaining stairs and into the captain's area. From my new position, I saw a fold out table sitting between them, with pennies sitting in a wide bowl at the center. The ship listed side to side more up here than down in my room, and I held on to the thick railing beside the stairs.

The captain held out his hand. "Seth Matthews," he said in a gruff voice as I stepped forward, "although nobody calls me by my first name." He jerked a thumb toward the other man. "This rowdy ass is my first mate, Francis Buttercup."

"Bouchard," the other man piped up, elbowing his captain then shaking my hand. "Call me Frank." His hands, like the captain's, were as rough as rawhide. He gestured to the table. "You play Poker, hon?"

Not waiting for an answer, the men fished out a stool from the captain's quarters right behind the wheelhouse, and I was dealt a hand of cards. The pennies were redistributed evenly between the three of us; apparently the two men weren't so cutthroat as not to share their wealth. The captain kept his eye on the ocean ahead, as well as the monitors and gauges on his dash, but was as active a participant in the game as anyone.

"Do you get many people coming up here?" I asked at one point, picking up a Queen of Hearts from the deal.

"Not really, and we try to discourage it when they do." Captain Matthews rubbed his head. "We don't aim to associate with most of the folks who come on this ship, if you know what I mean."

I let out a relieved sigh, glad not to be the only one who thought the same thing. "I've never been on a boat this big before," I said.

"First time at sea then?" When I nodded, the captain waggled his eyebrows. "Want to steer?"

My answer was a big grin and I was soon behind the wheel of the small barge, learning the not-so-subtle tricks of keeping a boat on track. "Oh, you should've seen my fishing ship," Matthews said, grinning at the memory. "She handled like a dream, cutting through the water like nobody's business. Fastest ship in the fleet, and with the best crew to boot. Nothing like this hunk of rust."

"This isn't your ship?"

"No, it is." Matthews didn't sound all that enthusiastic about the fact, but he still patted the dash as if comforting a pet. "We've put some serious blood and sweat into her to make her better and faster, so she's a bit of a sleeper. She may not look like much, but she can outrun most vessels her size. Still, it'll always be like comparing a tank to a high-end sports car."

His wistful tone made me smile and I was about to ask him to tell me more when a chill blast came from the lower entrance. I froze as I heard a Scottish voice say, "I thought I saw her come up this way, boss."

Niall's head poked above the deck, and a wicked grin split his face. "Well well, if it isn't the little sheila herself. We've been looking all over for you, darlin'." He waved dismissively at the men beside me. "You mates stand aside, she's coming with me."

"Yeah," Matthews murmured, "I don't think so." Both men moved in front of me, forming a thick wall. "She's staying right here."

Niall's angry gaze switched to the two men as I saw Matthews reach under the table behind him. "You'll do as I say," the Australian demanded, but his threats didn't seem to faze the seamen in the slightest.

"You gonna let him talk to you like that?" Frank asked calmly, not taking his eyes off the two men.

"No," Matthews replied, "I don't think I much like his tone."

Face mottling with rage at the defiance, Niall pushed his thick coat aside, showing the handgun at his hip. "She's coming," he bit out slowly, "with us."

Frank whistled. "He thinks he's a gunslinger, captain."

Matthews grinned. "That's not a gun." He glanced over at Frank. "I've always wanted to say this to an Australian." He pulled out what he was hiding beneath the table, pointing the shotgun straight at Niall. "Now, there's a gun," he said, lips pulled back in a grim smile.

Immediately both sets of hands across from me went up. "What is it with this bloody ship?" Niall raged. "I didn't pay good money to get treated like this. You work for me!"

"These men are mine, not yours," Lucas' cheery voice called up from the base of the stairs. I breathed a sigh of relief as he ascended, brushing past the two irate men. "Why don't you get downstairs and see what your own boys are up to?"

"Boss," the Scotsman warned, blocking Niall's path when the Australian looked ready to lunge.

Niall shoved his man out of the way and pointed a finger at Lucas. "That girl's ransom is mine, Loki." Niall slapped away the other man's grip but left without another word, banging the door shut behind him.

"Ransom?" Matthews looked at me. "You must be important to someone big to get that man's panties in such a twist."

"My brother." Lucas cocked his head at me. "Who doesn't know she's here with me."

Matthews whistled. "You're on your own there," he said, snorting. "I'm not getting in the middle of that one." The captain pointed a thick thumb toward Lucas. "Did he ever mention how I met this city slicker?"

I grinned, sensing a good story. The tension in the room finally eased as Lucas rolled his eyes and leaned against the console. "You going to tell everyone that story?"

"Only the ones I'm sure will hold it over your head." The captain gave me a wink. "I'm just off the job, at my favorite hole in the ground looking to unwind and get a little drunk. So this man comes up to me in a bar, dressed in a suit and tie, and asks me if I'm looking for work. Mind you, I stink of fish, haven't had a good shower in weeks, just got off my boat. Had to fire a friend's son from my crew because I caught him smoking weed, so I wasn't in the best of moods anyhow.

"He offers me big money, enough to get my attention. I still think he's a pretentious little ass though so I make him a deal: if he works for me on the boat, I'll listen to whatever he has to say. Lad here tries to play up his smirky bullshit but I'm not having it; frankly, I was happy to see his back so I could get back to drinking. Well, imagine my surprise when he shows up the next morning at my boat ready to work. Totally unprepared too, but still there." Matthews snorted. "I immediately regretted my offer, but I'd given him my word."

"You worked me to the bone," Lucas added, crossing his arms. The slight smile on his face took out any bite from his words, however.

"I worked you like I work any of my other greenies. It was the boys that gave you most of the flack." The captain looked over at me. "But wouldn't you know it, the little shit managed to get through it without breaking like a little girl. Even won the respect of my men for giving as good as he got while working hard. Means a lot when you're on the water. So when we get to land and I offered him his share of the take, he tells me to keep it and offers me a job."

"Which you took, if I remember correctly."

The captain shrugged. "Made more off that one little run than I'd brought home my previous season of fishing." His face turned introspective. "I miss the men, but they had families to take care of and I didn't want any of this shit to wash over onto them. Frank here," he nudged the first mate with his elbow, "wouldn't leave the boat, so he came along. Hell, we're old with ex-wives and no kids, perfect for this kind of life."

Picturing Lucas in bright waders, handling fish guts, proved impossible for my brain to fathom. He saw me watching him and gave me that trademark smirk. "What," he asked, "don't think I can handle myself with the big boys?"

I was saved from having to answer when a muffled bang came from below. Matthews immediately swiveled around in his chair and grabbed the wheel, giving it a few steers, then checked his instruments. "I've lost the engines," he said, amusement gone. "Rudder's still there, but we've got no power."

"Can I help?" I asked as Lucas hustled me down the stairs.

"Sure. Do you know much about diesel mechanics?"

Disappointment stabbed through me. "No," I muttered as we quickly moved to the stairs leading down to our room. The unfairness of my situation was getting to me: not only was I a prisoner, I was a useless prisoner.

Some of my frustration must have shown because when we got to the room, Lucas paused. "I need to keep you here for now. All my focus has to be on this, but I'll keep you updated on whatever we find. Will that work?"

Slightly mollified I nodded, and Lucas flashed me a smile that made my insides suddenly melt a little. "Don't forget to lock the door behind me," he said, stepping out of the room.

"Yes sir," I said, saluting smartly. My lips twitched into a smile as I slammed the door in his face. I locked it, true to my word, then went and sat down on the bed.

My eyes ran across the narrow confines of the room. Wouldn't it be funny if I ended up dying here? The morbid thought shook me, and I lay on the thin mattress, staring at the back wall.

I wished I could trace back what had caused me to become twisted up in this situation. Lucas was the easiest one to blame. He'd brought me onto this ship. My parents' deaths had kicked me off my college path, but I couldn't bear to blame them. Even now, several years later, their deaths stung too much to linger on. My life had been spiraling downwards for so long, and just as I thought my luck had changed...

Why ruin what we have with platitudes?

The memory of Jeremiah's words, spoken to me only a few days before, dashed across my heart like a scalding acid. I closed my eyes tight, fighting against tears that had already spilled too many times. His response to my accidental slip had made me leave the mansion, driving me into my current situation. I hadn't meant to say the words aloud; they just came out. I love you.

Like a slap to the face, he'd rejected the words, told me not to say them again, and then left the house.

Was I really so wrong to speak my feeling? The question bugged me more than anything. I hadn't expected to hear him say the words back. I was a rational girl: we'd been together less than a month, and that wasn't long enough for everyone. There had been no stipulations that the word was off limits; if I'd known he preferred those emotions left unsaid, I would have stayed silent.

The whole situation had blindsided me, but to blame him for my current situation? That would be so nice, to lay all the blame at his feet. I sighed. Sometimes I wished I were less rational.

There was a knock at the door. I sat up, then got to my feet and slowly padded to it. "Who is it?" I asked.

"Lucas."

The voice was muffled by the door but I grinned. "Figure out something for me to do?" I asked loudly, unbolting the latch and swinging the door open.

Yellow teeth grinned at me. "Hello, love."

I tried to slam the door shut but suddenly there was a large body blocking my way. Abandoning the door, I raced for the bed, Niall only inches behind me. He grabbed at my hair but I managed to wrest myself free, running across the room only to be trapped by the far corner. Niall paused, seeming to glory in my helplessness, but when he rounded the corner of the bed I leapt atop the thin mattress, sprinting for the door.

I was in the open doorway, almost free, when a large hand grabbed around my midsection and hauled me back. "Lucas!" I screamed, and then I was knocked sideways into the bathroom doorframe, and the door slammed shut.

"Loverboy's on the other end of the ship." He grinned, teeth glinting in the low light. "I'd like to hear you scream my name."

He pressed me backwards and I rolled sideways off the doorframe, my hip slamming hard against the edge of the low dresser. The picture frame, previously stuck to the wood surface, broke free. As Niall leaned in, presumably for a kiss, I grabbed the frame up with one hand and brought it across my assailant's face. My grip on the item was flimsy and the blow glancing at best, but he still pulled back far enough for me to dart into the bathroom.

There was a pause as he surveyed the damage, then a roar of outrage. I tried to close the door but had no leverage, and Niall barged into the narrow room. The Australian's earlier amusement was gone; one hand gripped my throat and he slammed me hard against the back wall of the shower. Off balance and held up by one meaty arm, I scrabbled at his hand and he repeated the move twice more until stars danced across my vision. With his free hand, he wiped the side of his head, then snarled and showed me the blood on his fingers. "You little bitch."

He dragged me out of the bathroom and pushed me back toward the bed. Groggy, struggling to breathe, I fell backward across it and tried to pull myself away from him. He grabbed my legs, holding me to the edge of the mattress, then backhanded me across the face when I tried to sit up. I lay there, pain radiating through my body, as I heard the jingle of a belt being loosened. No, please...

What happened next was a blur. There was a crash and a bang, then Niall collapsed sideways, squealing like a pig. He crashed to the ground at the end of the bed, and I looked over to see Lucas advancing on him, gun drawn.

"You shot me!"

"Yes I did, and now you have three seconds to give me a reason not to do it again."

Reeling, I struggled upright to watch the entire scene. Behind Lucas, the Scotsman backed into the room with his hands up. Frank followed, holding the shotgun on the bodyguard. Captain Matthews stood beside them, his eyes focused on Lucas.

Niall moaned, rocking on the floor. "You son of a bitch!"

Lucas fired again, and I flinched as the Australian howled. The bed hid the damage from me, but I heard the pain in Niall's voice.

"You're right about my mother," Lucas said, his voice dangerously light, "but give me something better."

"What do you want to hear?" the blond man said through gritted teeth.

"Why did you sabotage my ship?"

Niall looked perplexed. "Sabo...why the hell would I do that? No, no," he hastily added, waving his arms as Lucas stepped closer. "I swear, I didn't sabotage anything! Why would I jeopardize my own cargo?"

"Then I'm to believe your visit here was totally by chance?"

Lucas sounded like he was talking about the weather but, like I'd often seen with his brother, I sensed something dangerous behind the words. Niall on the other hand, didn't seem quite as tuned in. "I saw a chance, and I took it?"

The gun rose, this time aiming straight at Niall's head. Gone was Lucas' happy-go-lucky persona. The change was like flipping a switch; fury suffused the scarred face. Lucas stepped forward, laying the barrel against Niall's forehead as the Australian babbled, falling back to the floor and out of my sight completely.

"Son." At Matthews' gruff call, Lucas froze. The grizzled sea captain was watching the younger man closely. "Don't do it. Not in anger, and not here where the girl can see it."

For a handful of seconds it looked as though Lucas wasn't going to listen. I stared at the scene in shock; Niall had disappeared from view, cowering on the floor at Lucas' feet and begging for his life. The gun shook for a split instant and I saw the trigger finger compress, then the smiling mask came back over Lucas' face. "You're lucky that I'm a nice person," he said, raising the gun so it pointed at the ceiling. He signaled behind him. "Let his man take him downstairs, then lock them both in the hold with a first aid kit."

"You're going to pay for this," Niall muttered as the Scotsman helped him to his feet. It looked as though Lucas had only shot him in one leg both times. "I know people on the outside that won't take kindly when I tell them..."

Lucas lowered his gun again, casually firing at the good leg, and Niall howled, collapsing into his bodyguard. "Okay, so I'm not that nice." The scarred man shook his head. "Lord save me from amateurs," he muttered as a sobbing Niall was led out of the room. Frank followed closely behind, shotgun trained at their backs. Lucas watched them leave, and then finally looked at me. "How did he get in?" When I didn't answer, he continued in an irritated voice, "I told you to ask whenever someone knocks."

"He said your name." I hunched in, hugging my knees. "I did like you said, asked who was there. I thought he was you, then..."

There was a clunk as the gun was set down, then arms encircled me. I flinched but they didn't let go, and as the adrenaline left me a shivering mess I clung to that anchor. "I'm sorry," he murmured against my hair as I leaned my head against his shoulder.

Matthews' voice wafted toward us. "I'll head down and keep an eye on repairs." I didn't bother to look, but Lucas nodded his head. "That boy took off like a bat outta hell when he heard you," the sea captain continued, obviously for my benefit, before he closed the door with a soft click.

I clung to Lucas, hiding my face when the sobs hit. Attempts at trying to stop the crying only made it louder, so I gave in to the anger and relief and rage, letting it wash over and through me. Lucas rocked me as I wept, the sobs threatening to tear me apart.

Eventually the emotions subsided enough that I could get a grip on myself again, but I didn't release my hold on the other man. When he made to pull away I clung tighter. "Don't go," I whispered. "Not yet."

He subsided, his hand stroking over my hair. Fingers skimmed down my back and I shivered, but he played the gentleman, keeping his hand from dipping lower. "I shouldn't have brought you aboard," he muttered, and I could hear the self-recrimination in his voice. "Hell, I shouldn't have even brought you into this. There were other arrangements I could have made, ones that would have kept you with..."

Lucas broke off and I raised my head off his chest to look at him. He was staring off into nothing, mouth pursed in a grim line, but met my gaze after a moment. I saw something spark in his eyes, and felt my own belly clench as I realized how intimately we were touching. My fists curled around the thin material of his shirt, holding him close. "Thank you," I murmured, pushing into the warmth and safety of his body. His scent and proximity overwhelmed me, but anything was preferable to remembering the day - no, week - I'd dealt with thus far.

"No problem." Lucas' voice was strained. I looked up into his face and instinctively understood the hunger I saw in his eyes. Memories of our kiss in the penthouse apartment intruded: the feel of his lips against mine, the scent that was his alone filling my nostrils.

"Lucy," he began, but I never knew what he was going to say because I tilted my head up and laid my lips against his.

He did nothing for a moment, and desperation took hold of me. Help me forget. Twisting in his arms, I wound my arms around his body, pulling him close...then he took over, his lips parting against my mouth. A sigh escaped me as he bore me back on the bed, pressing me against the mattress. He grabbed my wrists, bringing them above my head, and I moaned. He teased me with his tongue, a smile spreading across his mouth. "You like that, don't you?"

Yes. My hands clenched into fists, wanting desperately to touch him but relishing in the possession. Lucas' knee slid between my legs, pressing against my core, and I jerked, arching into him frantically. For an instant, the face of Niall loomed in my mind and I broke off the kiss with a gasp. Lucas laid his forehead against mine. "We can stop if you..." he started, but I shut him up with my mouth, and he didn't protest.

Securing my wrists with one hand, he pushed the other up my shirt, his lips moving to my throat as he thumbed a nipple. I moaned again, craving more, and wrapped my legs around his narrow waist.

"God you're hot," he murmured, shoving my shirt up and over my head. I helped as much as I could, not wanting to break contact, but when I felt his warmth against my bare skin I suddenly needed so much more. I struggled free of his hold and pulled at his shirt, tugging at the pants and belt. His chuckle at my clumsiness annoyed me so I pushed on one shoulder, guiding him onto his back. Within seconds I had his pants free, and somehow wasn't at all surprised he went commando. I palmed him in my hand, running my thumb over the thick head, and heard him gasp above me. Refusing to think about it, I shimmied down the bed, fingernails leaving tracks down his torso, and took him in my mouth.

He cursed loudly, hips jackknifing off the bed as I pulled him deep. Fingers tangled in my hair as I kissed and sucked, digging my nails into his hips for purchase. I flicked the bulbous tip several times with my tongue before pulling him deep again, rolling my tongue around the thick shaft.

"Christ!" he exclaimed as I ran my nails down his inner thighs, scraping my teeth along the top of his member ever so lightly. The hand in my hair tightened, pulling me away and up. I climbed back over his body, seeking out those lips again. Lucas met me with a renewed vigor, rolling me over backwards on the bed. "My turn," he murmured into my mouth, fumbling with my pants then shoving them down. I obliged, lifting my hips off the bed as Lucas tore the garments from my ankles, then squeaked as he flipped me over onto my knees. Hands grabbed my bottom and I pressed back, mewling with desire, but I wasn't prepared when he spread my folds and pressed his face between my legs.

I cried out, surging forward, but his hands on my hips kept me in place. Burying my face in a nearby pillow, I thrashed atop the bed as he licked and sucked. One hand moved from my hip, then long fingers reached deep into my core. Quaking, my whole body tensed like a coil, I was as much a slave to the sensations as if he had chained me in place. Nothing could take me away from the delicious torture; he played me like a master, and my body sang.

The crinkle of a condom wrapper was the only signal things were about to change, but I was too far gone to care. When his mouth left me, I groaned, wordlessly begging him for more. The lack of touch was unbearable, but I heard the bed creak as he repositioned himself behind me. Fingernails scraped down my back, his hands shaping my curves, and my grip on the pillow tightened.

When I felt his blunt tip probe my entrance I gave an excited mewl, and gasped as he entered me with one sure stroke. I was wet and primed, and the sudden stretching brought my orgasm racing to the surface. My cries were coming with each breath now, muffled by the pillow but still audible within the room. Everything inside me tightened, and I knew from the erratic jackhammering behind me that Lucas was close as well.

Then he shifted positions, the new thrusts touching just the right place inside me, and my orgasm rocketed through me. I gave a small scream into the pillow, waves radiating through me as Lucas continued thrusting inside me. Each stab suffused me in pleasure, adding to the sensual storm that had taken me over. However even he could not last forever, and with a strangled sigh he came, fingers gripping my hips tight. His head rested against the top of my back, panting breaths hot against my skin.

We lay like that for a moment, struggling to catch our breath. Finally he pulled himself out with a groan, leaving me while he cleaned himself up. I lay panting on the bed, eyes closed, waiting for the aftershocks to cease. After a moment he returned, wrapping his arms around my torso and pulling me sideways onto the bed. There was safety inside his arms, and I snuggled back against his warm body. "It might surprise you to know," he murmured against my ear, "that I'm a bit of an ass-man. Yours is definitely one of my new favorites."

A giggle escaped me at the unexpected compliment, and I burrowed against him, glorying in the way he held me tight against his body. I traced the outline of lean muscles on his torso and watched as they tightened and relaxed with my touch. For that moment at least, I allowed myself the comfort of his presence, the welcome relief of safety. The gun still lay on the small table beside the bed and I stared at it, absently running my finger around one small nipple on his chest.

We stayed like that for several minutes, the peace a blissful respite. I could have fallen asleep like this, but all too soon for my tastes he pulled away, disentangling his arms from around my body. Bereft of his warmth and suddenly realizing the door to the bedroom probably wasn't locked, I rolled myself in the comforter and watched Lucas get dressed. Seeing the play of muscles on his lean frame was a treat all its own; there hadn't been many beautiful men in my life before...

Jeremiah.

The name sobered me, ruining some of the enjoyment and afterglow of the moment. I look down at the covers around me, my skin prickling in confusion.

"I have something for you."

I glanced up to see Lucas holding something long and thin out toward me. Taking it gingerly, I turned it over in my hands. The grey metal object was light and cool, and to my surprise was hinged to open up into a knife.

"It's a butterfly knife. Easy to open and close once you get the hang of it." He took it back briefly, and with a couple shakes of the wrist had it swinging around, exposing the sharp edges. A few more flicks and the blade disappeared, and he handed it back to me. "Keep it on you and practice. It may not be useful in a gunfight, but it might give you enough time to escape in hand-to-hand."

I swallowed and nodded, my gut churning. Lucas tilted my head up to look at him, concern in his beautiful eyes. "I'll be back soon," he promised. "I need to go take care of things, namely getting our ship going again." He looked reluctant to leave, then leaned down and kissed me again. For that brief moment, my fears and doubts fled, washed away by the desire and security I felt from this man. It ended as soon as he lifted his head, and without another word he turned and left the room.

Staring at the knife, I leaned back against the pillows and contemplated my life. Three days before, I had told another man that I loved him. I'd never said that to anyone other than family, all of whom were now gone, never believing he would shove the words in my face. Now, I was kidnapped and aboard a smuggler's ship, stolen away by the brother of the man who spurned me. The brother whose scent was still on my skin.

You wanted no love, Jeremiah, I thought, turning the knife over in my hands. I gave it a casual flick and was gratified to see it open up for me, the two grips coming together in my palm. The sharp blade reflected the low light from above me, and then with another flick of the wrist it disappeared back between the two pieces of perforated metal.

I had never fallen in love until I'd met Jeremiah. His seduction overwhelmed me, taking me to places my heart had never been before. Amidst the danger and decadence of my new life, I had fallen for the billionaire, foolishly believing he had similar feelings. When, at a moment of weakness, I'd spoken the words in my heart, he had rejected the whole notion. Now here I was, not even a handful of days later, in another man's bed.

If sex for me equated to love, then what exactly had just happened?

CHAPTER 4

Waiting around had never been my specialty, but it seemed that's what the Hamilton men expected. That didn't mean I had to like it.

I got dressed, played with the knife a bit, browsed books, stared at the ceiling, and twiddled my thumbs. As minutes turned to hours, the rumbling in my belly grew impossible to ignore. I hadn't eaten all day, and as the time went by I began to wonder if Lucas was going to come back before I starved. Even when the engines far beneath me finally roared to life, nobody arrived at my door.

Increasingly, it looked like I was on my own.

I stood at the door, staring at the handle. Everyone who wants to hurt you is locked up. Hopefully. The prospect of danger was becoming less important the hungrier I grew. Finally, when my stomach twisted painfully at an imagined smell, I gained the courage to open the door and poke my head outside.

A burly man lumbered past the doorway, but I was ignored as he moved quickly up the stairs toward the deck. The lower levels seemed to be bustling with activity, rousing my curiosity, but I figured I would learn about it later after I'd grabbed a bite to eat. Tiptoeing was silly on the exposed metal gangway, but I moved as quickly and surreptitiously as I could, slipping inside the galley two doors down.

I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw it was empty, and made a beeline for the big refrigerator. I cringed when I saw what was inside. Raw meat sat open and exposed on plates. Containers with no labels held food I didn't want to check. Disappointed, I closed the big door and rummaged through the pantry nearby. Everything was in boxes except the sandwich bread, which I pulled out and checked. No mold that I could see marred the white surface, and as hungry as I was that was enough.

While not the most nutritious meal in the world, I scarfed down three plain slices before I searched around for sandwich material. I quickly ruled out anything in the refrigerator and began scanning shelves looking for something to put on a sandwich. I found no peanut butter, which I'd been hoping for, but did find a squeeze tube of something called Marmite. One whiff of the unknown topping had me quickly changing my mind, but as I turned to put it back, I noticed someone across the counter watching me.

Startled, I gave a little squeak, dropping the plastic container in my hands. "Um, hi," I said uncertainly, bending quickly to retrieve the weird spread.

The boy looked nervous to see me, which calmed me down a bit. He was much younger than most of the others I'd seen on the boat, closer to my age, so I attempted a smile. "I was looking for something to eat." At his blank stare, I realized there was a possibility he couldn't understand me. "Um..."

There was an unintelligible shout outside the door to the cafeteria, drawing my attention. The boy's head snapped around toward the rising voices, then back toward me. I recognized the desperation in his eyes.

Uh oh.

I bolted toward the door but wasn't fast enough. The boy grabbed my arm, spinning me around and sending me hard against a nearby table. People began filing into the room and he hauled me back against him. The glint of something reflective caught my eye, then I froze as a butcher knife was held against my neck.

Lucas pushed his way to the front, then stopped when he saw me. I glared at him, and the man had the gall to smile. "You must have the worst karma."

"I know right?" I answered, exasperated, then the knife was pulled harder into my flesh. Every emotion evaporated except fear; when I swallowed, I felt the knife bit into the tender skin of my throat.

"Alexei," Lucas said in a low voice, smile fading quickly, "put the girl down."

The boy spat at Lucas, then let go a string of words in a language I didn't know. From the way he spoke, I knew they were curses, and all directed at Lucas.

"Kolya," Lucas said in a sharp voice, and the man I recognized as Lucas' driver stepped forward. "Please translate."

"Fuck you."

Lucas glanced at the tattooed Russian, then snorted. "I figured as much. Tell him to please let Ms. Delacourt go."

The big driver translated, but Alexei shook his head and let loose another round of angry words. "He said no," Kolya translated, obviously paraphrasing.

"Ask him why he sabotaged this ship."

"Sink everything." The words this time came from Alexei, who again spat at Lucas. "Especially you."

"Ah, the boy speaks." Lucas gave a grim smile. "And what, may I ask, have I ever done to you?"

"You kill my family," the boy snarled. "Your guns, slaughter them."

Lucas' smile slipped. "Who told you that?"

I realized he wasn't even bothering to deny the claims.

"I set bomb, but it not go right." Alexei ignored Lucas' question. "You at the bottom of the sea, then I see my family again." He indicated the room with the knife, shouting something else I didn't understand.

"That was for us," Kolya said when Lucas glanced at him. The driver's eyes were on Alexei. "For working with you."

"Ten years." Alexei's body tense with rage and pain, "I wait for revenge ten years. And now, I fail."

Lucas' head shot up. "Ten years was before my time," he said, face deadly serious. "I didn't sell those weapons that killed your family."

Against my back, Alexei's body began to shake. "You lie," he murmured, and I felt the tension in the room escalate.

Something in my pocket bumped against my thigh, and a bulb went off in my head. The knife! I pulled it out slowly, lungs quaking with the fear of being caught, and unfolded it close to my body where I prayed Alexei wouldn't see.

When it was open I gripped it tight in my hand, but paused when I saw Lucas' hand make a patting motion in the air. Don't make me wait. I held off, hoping the gunrunner knew what he was doing. I tried not to swallow for fear the blade would cut deeper into my skin.

Lucas shook his head at Alexei. "Whoever told you I was the broker ten years ago is the liar, not me. Tell me, boy, who gave you that information?"

Alexei seemed to struggle with an answer, and my hand trembled around the knife. A tickle flowed down my neck right where the blade sat, and I knew I was bleeding. An inch deeper, and there would be a whole lot more blood.

"But you sell more weapons." The boy seemed to rally with this revelation. "You kill more families." The hands holding me tightened. "Why should I not kill yours?"

I wasn't waiting on Lucas any more; I heard my death in those words. You had your chance, buddy. Shifting sideways, I plunged my knife backwards until I felt the sickening jolt of it hitting flesh. Alexei's cry rang out in my ear and we tumbled to the ground. The arm holding the butcher knife to my neck relaxed enough to let me push it away, but I still felt the tip graze my neck as we hit the ground.

In the tangle of bodies, I lost my grip on the butterfly knife, and panic scorched through me. Scrabbling along the floor, I glanced back to see Alexei still gripping the kitchen knife. He grabbed my ankle, pulling me back towards him. I slipped on the dirty surface as he raised the blade again, looming over me. Then gunshots filled the air and Alexei fell backwards, crashing back against the refrigerator.

Whimpering, I skittered across the floor away from the body, then beat at the hands that tried to help me up. "What the hell," I screeched, jumping to my feet. Adrenaline coursed through my body and all I could do was pace, heart racing and body jittery. "Why does this always happen to me," I demanded, unable to stand still.

Kolya reached down to the boy, checking for a pulse, but I already knew the big man wouldn't find anything. I dug my hands into my hair, pulling at it in frustration. At that moment, I needed to get away, be anywhere but on that ship.

Then Lucas was in front of me, blocking any escape. "Hold still."

I fought to get around him, and he grabbed my shoulders. "You're bleeding, let me take a look." His eyes narrowed when I still pushed him away. "Would you feel better if I slapped you?"

"Don't you dare," I said, glaring at him. The threat did manage calm me down enough for him to press a dishrag against the wound. I winced at the sting, and prayed the cloth was clean.

"I have a first aid kit in my bathroom. Kolya, take care of the body and figure out how Alexei got a bomb got onto this ship."

I slapped away Lucas' hands again, determined to walk by myself. Then the world tilted and I screeched again as he lifted me up in his arms. All I wanted was to be left alone, but he carried me kicking and screaming back to the room, dumping me on the bed before shutting the door. He rummaged through the bathroom, and then came out holding a big red box. "Hold still. I need to look at that."

Still grumpy, I complied, flinching away with a hiss when the alcohol hit the wound. "My life was so boring before I met you and your brother," I muttered, holding pressure to the cut as Lucas rummaged through the first aid kit. "Is this some cosmic payback for being the dullest girl on the planet?"

"Perhaps," Lucas quipped, and at my dark look he laughed. "Go take a shower. I wouldn't touch anything that's been on those cafeteria floors, even you, without a thorough decontamination first."

I agreed: the kitchen had been disgusting, and I doubted the floors were any better. Closing myself into the bathroom, I stripped out of my clothes, started the shower, and then examined my neck in the mirror. Lucas used enough tape so water wouldn't get inside, but the area was tender. A faint red line trailed over one breast, leftovers from the knife wound. I shivered, partly from how close to death I'd come and the adrenaline leaving my body. Jumping into the shower, I let the warm water just flow over me for several minutes

The bathroom door squeaked open, and I heard Lucas enter. "Go away," I snapped, but he only chuckled. I heard him take his clothes off too, then he pushed the curtain aside and stepped in the shower. To hide my nervousness, I turned away and started soaping my body.

"Finish with that, then hand me the soap."

The commanding tone made my belly quiver, but I didn't reply. Handing the thin bar back to him, I rinsed off quickly, trying to ignore the man behind me. Lucas kept his hands to himself, which was a relief, but I couldn't face away from him forever. Finally I turned, closing my eyes to block out the view as I rinsed my back and hair. I heard Lucas make an appreciative noise and, despite the warmth of the water, my nipples pricked up in response.

"My turn," he said, and when I opened my eyes he handed me a soapy rag.

I frowned at him. "I'm not your slave." I gingerly took the washcloth despite my protest.

Lucas waggled his eyebrows at me. "Do you want to be?"

I rolled my eyes, trying for nonchalance, but it was difficult. Refusing to look down, I started scrubbing away around his neck and upper chest and was surprised by how much grime came away. "You're filthy."

"That's what happens when you're working on a boat engine all day long."

Indeed, the little rag I held was woefully inadequate for the job at hand. I rinsed it off twice, adding soap each time, before finishing with the front of his torso. Having the job helped me not focus on the feel of his muscles beneath my hands, or how I was naked with a strange, beautiful man in a shower. There was something intimate about showering together, and I wasn't sure my brain could handle more complications. I stopped scrubbing before his groin, but didn't miss the stiff shaft poking out toward me. "Turn around."

"Heh, bossy little slave."

He obliged and I scrubbed at his neck and shoulders, working my way down. This side wasn't nearly as bad, and as I reached his lower back I bit my lip in appreciation. He had a gorgeous backside, and my fingers itched to touch him, but I stepped back. "Okay, rinse off."

We squeezed past one another in the narrow stall, my heart skittering as our flesh met and slid. He washed the soap off, giving me a full and unabashed view, and this time I couldn't look away. Lucas was not as tall or muscular as his brother Jeremiah, but he was just as beautiful to watch in his own way. I came close to touching him a couple times, always snatching my hand back at the last minute. My heart was hammered and a dull ache throbbed between my thighs.

His eyes opened as he pulled his head out from under the stream of water and smirked when he saw me staring at him. "You going to wash your hair?"

"I, um." At a loss for words, I looked for a shampoo bottle then froze as Lucas took a step toward me. He cupped my breasts, thumbing the nipples, and I shivered. I didn't know what to expect with this man. He was alternately a gentleman and a rogue, but my body came alive at his touch.

He peered down at me, a lopsided smile on his face. "Once with you isn't nearly enough," he murmured, stroking my cheek. I couldn't stop the needy sigh that came out of my mouth, and saw an answering spark in his eyes. My hands sought out his body, tracing the lines of muscles along his torso.

Lucas thrust the shower curtain aside. "Out," he ordered, and followed me as we stepped onto the small rug beside the tub. He didn't bother with towels. I was swept off my feet and taken to the bed, his long strides covering the distance quickly. We fell onto the bed, each of us seeking out the other's mouth, hands moving across wet skin.

Our kissing wasn't the frenzy of earlier, but that didn't make it any less intense. I gasped again as his mouth slid to my neck, teeth nibbling and biting. A hand moved down the side of my body, opening my legs so that he lay between them. His lips came back up to mine, teasing and promising, and I moan inside his mouth.

Once again he brought my wrists above my head, but this time I felt something loop around them. I broke off the kiss to look upwards at my bound wrists, then back at his cheeky grin. "I have a feeling you like this sort of thing," he said, grinning as I pulled unsuccessfully at my new restraints. I didn't even know where he'd gotten the cord, and certainly hadn't noticed it on my way to the bed. The rope he used was thick, half as wide as my wrists but with enough slack for my bound hands to have some freedom of movement.

Lucas seemed satisfied with his handiwork. "Now I can do what I please." He winked at me and lowered his mouth to suck one nipple. A rush of air escaped my lungs and I arched my back, craving more. He moved to lick the other nipple, teeth grazing the tip, then trailed his lips down my quivering belly. Slinging my knees over his shoulder, he gazed at me as I tried mightily to maintain some dignity, to no avail.

"I love the way you taste," he murmured, igniting a flame in my heart. Spreading my knees apart, he lowered his head, and at the touch of his tongue my hips surged off the bed. I strained against my bonds, thrashing and trembling as his tongue probed at my entrance. Fingers pressed against the sensitive tissue, opening me farther as he pressed his face against me, and I let out a loud moan.

"Ooh, a screamer? Let's make the boys below jealous."

I clamped my lips tight, clenching my jaw, as Lucas dipped his head again. My body jerked and spasmed at his ministrations, small grunts and cries still working their way free, but nothing loud enough to make their way past the door. Lucas did his very best to work my body, pressing all the right buttons and secret places until I was a tense, shaky mess.

He pulled his mouth away then raised himself up suddenly, lifting my hips off the bed. Twisting me sideways on the bed, he lifted one leg to rest on his shoulder as he pushed my body into position and thrust up inside me. I pulled against my restraints, a loud cry coming from my lips before I clamped them shut again. He didn't seem to be in any hurry, thrusting slowly and deliberately, hitting a point inside that sent shivers up my spine. The new position hit all the right places, and my orgasm rose quickly toward the surface, but Lucas wasn't ready to be done so soon.

He pulled free and spun me over again so I was laying face down on the bed. Grabbing the lobes of my backside, he gave them a little shake, then a teasing smack at my annoyed look. "I like playing with your ass," he said, giving me a cheeky grin. "Almost as much as I like plowing it."

His thumbs traced the crease, spreading me open as I pulled my knees up under me. I pressed my face into the pillow, tensing as one finger slid over my rear opening, but he bypassed that and moved to the sensitive flesh below. He positioned himself behind me, the thick tip pushing slowly inside. My belly clenched in anticipation and I heard Lucas hiss, his hands pulling my hips back until he was sheathed fully inside me. His forehead pressed against my shoulder blades, hands moving up to my waist as he pulled out then back inside, repeating the movement more forcefully a second time.

I grabbed the extra length of rope, holding tight as the thrusts grew quicker and more forceful. Moaning loudly into the pillow, I tilted my backside higher, nerve endings screaming at the pleasurable friction. Teeth grazed the skin behind my neck, and when the first bite came the sharp pain only added to the pleasure.

"God, you're sexy," he breathed into my hair. The compliment made my heart sing and I clenched around him, pushing back against his hips. He cursed and I grinned, doing it again. He plunged forcefully inside and I groaned into the pillow. So much pleasure, with my release just out of reach.

He pulled free and flipped me over onto my back. There was no pausing this time; he was back inside me within seconds, face only inches from my own. I couldn't hold in my cries but he covered my mouth with his, swallowing my moans and sounds. My legs wrapped around his narrow waist, locking behind his back. I sobbed as I felt the orgasm rise slowly toward the surface, threatening to overwhelm my senses. Pulling at my bonds, I ached to touch him, hold him against me.

"Let me see you come." Lucas' voice was breathless, his face inches from mine. Those gorgeous eyes were a deep blue, darkened with lust and need. The pale scar stood out, an angry slash on his beautiful face. Then my world was consumed by the whirlwind ripping through my body, every muscle tensing as I exploded. Even Lucas' lips couldn't hold my cry this time as I moaned and thrashed.

The scarred man continued to hammer into me, his breathing ragged, and every stab only made the waves continue longer. I closed my eyes, body beyond spent, as Lucas finally came deep inside, collapsing atop me. My heart thundered in my chest as we both struggled to catch our breath. "I didn't think it could get much better than earlier today," Lucas murmured, not even bothering to lift his head.

I didn't answer, my mind too blown to formulate a proper response. After a moment, Lucas pulled out but kept me close, his warm body a comforting weight bearing me down on the mattress. He released the rope from around my wrists, and my arms dropped limp to the pillow above my head. We lay there for a moment, struggling to breathe normally again.

"Why is it," I asked after a moment of silence, "that most of your men are Russian?"

The non sequitur comment drew a startled chuckle from Lucas. He folded his arms across my breasts and rested his chin atop one wrist, looking at me in amusement. "Many of my early associates were from Eastern bloc countries. Also, while Anya was with me, I had an easy translator for certain segments of that population."

His eyes clouded at the mention of the Russian girl, killed by an assassin not even a week before. "Did you love her?" I asked bluntly, aware of the awkward direction our conversation was taking.

He started to speak, then paused. "Maybe once," he murmured, apparently not thinking this was an odd discussion topic given our current position. "When I first met her, she was young and naive. I was angry and selfish; stealing her away from my brother was a way to get back at him for taking over my life." He sighed, staring blankly beside me. "Times change. People change. I didn't do enough to keep Anya sheltered from this lifestyle, and now she's dead." He met my eyes again. "What about Jeremiah? Do you love him?"

"I..." My heart clenched painfully. "I thought I did." Right now, my opinions about Jeremiah were all jumbled, due in no small part to the man lying naked atop me. "He saved my life."

"I saved your life too. Twice."

I winced at the reminder, hand going to the bandage at my throat. "Yeah," I mumbled, dropping my gaze. A lump formed in my throat and I screwed my face up against tears. "When I told him I loved him, it was the first time I'd said that to anyone since my parents died." The memory was powerful enough to pierce my heart again. "He just called the words 'platitudes'."

"My brother is an idiot." Lucas said it in a matter of fact way, as if the phrase was as common to his lips as breathing. Then he sighed. "Love is a fickle and cruel mistress. Confusing as hell too."

"Yeah."

We stayed in amicable silence for another moment, then I put my hand up to my hair. "I should probably finish my shower," I muttered, grimacing as I felt the damp, tangled locks spread out over the pillow.

"I think you look fantastic," Lucas said with a straight face, and I swatted him on the shoulder. He grinned down at me. "In fact..."

He nudged my thigh and I realized, with some shock, that he was hard again. His amusement grew at my surprise. "I want to taste you again." His throaty voice set fire to my insides.

I ran my fingers in his hair as he gave me a soft kiss, and then closed my eyes as his lips trailed down my body once again.

We made love twice more before falling asleep curled up around one another. Time meant little in that dark room. No sunlight pierced the gloom, and nobody disturbed us.

Made love. When Lucas touched me, fingertips burning brands into my skin, I tried hard not to think about what those words meant to me any more.

A loud hammering on the door jolted me awake. "Lucas, we need you outside," Frank's voice shouted through the door. "Captain swears he saw a boat coming up on us. Might be pirates."

I paused in confusion, but Lucas leaped out of bed, turning on a lamp and throwing on clothes. "Pirates?" I asked, failing to reconcile the peg-leg image in my head with the modern era.

"We're getting close to the Caribbean," Lucas said, stepping into his pants, "and a few roving bands of outlaws still prey on ships down there. I didn't think we'd come across any this far north though." He looked over at me. "You'd better get dressed."

He slipped out the door as I rolled out of bed, and I hurried to lock it behind him. Grabbing up clothes from the bathroom, I quickly dressed, keeping an ear open for anything strange. The tamping of feet outside my room shook the floor, but I didn't hear anything else suspicious. For a second I looked for the knife and then remembered that I'd left it stuck inside Alexei's leg. The most dangerous thing in the room was the picture frame. I clutched it, wishing I'd been left something with which to defend myself.

From somewhere on the ship, there came a series of pops. I froze, clutching the frame in both hands, the edges cutting lines into my palms. More footsteps sounded outside the door, quiet this time but I could still feel each footfall. Don't come in here, please don't come in here...

The handle shook, then a crunch as someone attempted to pound it open. I gave a terrified squeak, racing for the bathroom right as the door gave, slamming open. A black figure filled the doorway, and I stopped immediately when I saw the big assault rifle in his hands turn towards me.

The gun lowered almost immediately, and I screamed as the figure reached for me. Batting away the hand with the frame, I turned to run toward the bed, but an arm wrapped around my waist, hauling me off the ground. Thumping at the bare arm with the picture frame, my second scream was cut off when a dark hand wrapped around my mouth.

"Lucy," a familiar voice muttered in my ear, and I stopped struggling in shock. "I'm getting you off this boat."

The frame fell from my numb fingers, cracking against the thin carpet. The hand lifted off my mouth. "Jeremiah?" I whispered, struggling to turn around.

He put me back on my feet, and I stared up at the man. Black grime streaked his face and arms, but those oh-so-familiar green eyes blazed like torches. I put my hand out to touch his face, then covered my mouth, unable to believe what I was seeing.

Then from the doorway came the click of a cocking gun, and Jeremiah froze, head snapping upright.

"Hello, little brother." Jeremiah shoved me behind him as he turned to face Lucas.

The gunrunner quirked an eyebrow, then glanced at me. "Well, isn't this awkward."

