PROLOGUE

My surroundings come into focus at last. I realize that I am floating-but not through space. Warm water, scented with lavender and sage, suspends my naked body, comforting me. It laps against my skin, caressing every curve and limb. At first, I think I must be treading water in some hot spring, or sun-baked ocean-the body of water is that vast. But as the rest of the scene comes into focus, I find that I'm not in a sea at all. I'm in a marble and golden bathtub, sunken into the floor of some elegant, unknown room. I gaze up and see that the ceiling is made of curved glass, and the moon shines down from above. The moon, and some other very vibrant lights...perhaps of the neon variety?

"What are you doing all the way over there?" asks a rich, rasping voice.

I look around sharply, sending little splashes of water everywhere as I try to cover my naked breasts. Warm, amused laughter rings out from the far side of the enormous tub. I peer through the steamy air and see that I'm not alone in this place. There, across the way, glow two piercing blue eyes. Heart battering against my ribs, I inch closer. Up out of the mist rises a broad, cut torso, covered in inky lines. Two thick, muscled arms drape over the edge of the tub. A face unlike any other, itself like something carved out of marble, watches me approach. And a full, irresistible smile bursts open there as I approach.

"There's my girl," Declan Tiberi growls, holding out his strong hand to me.

I place my hand in his, marveling at the sudden spread of heat that rushes through me at his slightest touch. Declan pulls me toward him, guiding me through the steamy water. His brown curls are wet, slicked back from his gorgeous face. Slowly, tentatively, I come to standing before him, letting my eyes trail all along every defined muscle of his chest, his web of intricate tattoos. I spot a scar or two on his chest, rising up from the bulky, firm panes of his pecs.

"Won't you come closer?" he breathes, running his hands down my bare arms. A cascade of goose bumps stand up wherever his fingertips trail.

I sink down into the water, hiding my naked body from view. I'm suddenly bashful, feeling young and inexperienced. My long blonde hair twists and waves in the water, fanning out all around me. My cheeks are burning with excitement and self-consciousness.

"I'm a little nervous," I admit to him, averting my eyes.

"It's just me," he says softly, "You know me, Kassie."

My familiar name rolling off his tongue sends a shiver of joy down my spine. I dare to meet his gaze, feeling like I could get lost in those sapphire eyes.

"I've never...been with a man before," I tell him honestly, "Not really. I've messed around and all, but never...you know."

"Is that so?" he asks, unwaveringly, "Well...do you want to know what it's like? To be with a man-to be with me?"

"More than anything," I breathe, inching closer.

"I want to show you, Kassie," he says, coming toward me in the water. "I want to show you what it's like. How good it can be."

His torso rises up out of the pool, his perfect rack of abs glistening and slick. He towers over me, even as I stand, letting my breasts meet the warm air. He groans as he takes me in, his eyes drinking in my every inch, my every curve.

This is it, I think to myself as he closes the space between us. Declan cups my chin in his strong hand, titling my face up toward his. He looks sure and serious, but elated. Happy. And all at once, I realize that I'm not afraid anymore. I want this. I want him.

"Just let me show you," he says, his voice rasping lustily, "Let me make you feel amazing, Kassenia. I'll show you..."

He lowers his full, firm lips to mine. I close my eyes, open myself to him, full of trust and longing. His tongue glides deliciously against mine. He pulls me against him, and I feel the rock hard length of him pressing against my belly. Just feeling him there, knowing that he's hard for me, is almost more than I can handle. I throw my arms around his broad shoulders, desperate to feel him inside of me, where I've never felt any man before. I want him to be the first one to know me that way. He's the first man I've ever met who's strong enough to handle me. Take me. Show me what this is all about.

Declan catches me up in his arms, spinning me around in the warm, steamy air. He sets me down on the edge of the tub, my legs snaked around his tapered waist. I lay back against the cool tile as his fingers trail over my collarbone, ribs, thighs. His thumbs brush over the pink peaks of my nipples, sending shockwaves of pleasure dancing along my nerves. He cups my sex in a sure hand, running his fingers all along my slick slit. He pulls his hands away and a new, unnamable, amazing pressure makes itself known against that throbbing place between my legs. A low, aching need goes off like a bomb in my belly as I suck in a huge breath, waiting to be filled up by this incredible man.

"Declan," I moan, bucking my hips toward him, "I need you..."

CHAPTER ONE

Somewhere beneath Las Vegas, Nevada, present day...

A thousand rabid boxing fans leap to their feet as the fighter squares off against his challenger. The two fearsome, ruthless men have been at it for nearly a dozen rounds, flying at each other with nothing short of deadly force. Each man has been bruised and beaten, taken and given staggering blows-but only one can walk out of this ring with his life, it's the only way this fight ends.

The very canvas beneath the fighter's feet begins to tremble as the crowd stomps and jostles, craning their necks for a glance of him. He knows that he's something to behold. At six and a half feet tall, 200 pounds and change, he's a man to be reckoned with. His balanced, cut form ripples with muscle, but not the curated, manicured muscle you find on urban gym rats and vain, desperate men. No-the fighter's bulk has been earned. Built up on the battlefield, in the ring, fighting hand-to-hand, tooth and nail. Just as he does now.

He wipes the blood and sweat off his brow, a wild grin spreading across his full lips. His opponent has put up quite a fight, but he's fading fast. The challenger's knees wobble, his chest heaves, he may just collapse of his own accord. But the fighter can't take any chances. The stakes are too high to leave anything up to fate. He has to finish this man, for good.

"Dante's Son. Dante's Son. Dante's Son." the crowd chants feverishly, crying out the fighter's ring-christened name.

They can smell blood in the air, and they're lusting for more. This is what they came for, after all. If they'd just wanted to see a good fight, anywhere in Vegas would have done. But here underground, far from the reach of the law or God, this is where real fighting lives. This is where men fight to the death, while millions of dollars trade hands at the end of every night. You can feel the tension, the excitement, the primal drive of money, power, and the finality of death electrifying the air. The fighter breathes it in, all of it, as he prepares to strike one last time.

"Finish him!" screams a young man's voice from beside the ring, "Kill him now!"

"Eyes on the prize," another voice joins in, "Focus now, brother."

"He's weak in the knees," howls an older, gruffer man, "Go for it, son!"

For a moment, the fighter lets his eyes flick toward the rollicking voices. His pounding heart swells in his chest as he sees his brothers lined up along the ring. They cling onto the ropes, their faces flushed with pride and vigor. No, they're not the fighter's flesh and blood, but they're the only family he's ever known.

Faces old and young, tanned and pale, brutish and bright-he knows them all. And at the very end of the line sits a handsome, silver-haired man. He doesn't cheer as he watches on, only looks calm, composed. The deep lines in his face are unmoved by chants or jeers. He simply meets the fighter's eye and nods, once. It's as much encouragement as the fighter needs.

They each wear their black leather cuts, patched and faded but symbols of power all the same. Across the back of each man, the words "Dante's Nine" and "Las Vegas, NV" are emblazoned. It's their family title, their club's identity. One of the most feared and respected MC names in the United States. And they're here on the fighter's side.

Emboldened by his brothers' ferocious loyalty, the fighter sails across the ring, fist cocked back. Time slows to a crawl as he meets his opponent's eyes. The defeated fighter watches the other man approach, he simply stands there accepting his fate, knowing that he's about to die. It's a phenomenon Dante's Son has witnessed many times before. This year alone, two other boxers have given up their lives to him. This man will be the third. After he falls, one more fight stands between the fighter and his freedom. But he can't think of that now.

His balled fist cracks against the challenger's temple; he quickly grabs the dazed man's head between his own powerful hands, and with a skillful twist a sickening crack rings out in the turbulent air. The fighter raises his inked arms as his opponent's lifeless husk crumples onto the canvas, his soul has fled. The eight other men of Dante's Nine vault into the ring, hoisting their victorious brother onto their broad shoulders. "Dante's Son" is his ring name, and the crowd shouts it now. He drinks in their clamoring, cacophonous praise. He fights for his brothers, his club. And for them, he hasn't won just yet.

Back in the locker room, alone at last, the fighter shucks off his gear. He lifts the heavy golden belt off his tapered waist, setting it reverently down beside his street clothes. It's a symbol of victory, but he knows he still has business to finish. He can't stop thinking about the contract he signed just last year, locking him into four death matches; tonight's was number three of four. He's managed to come out on top of these first three, but who's to say what the fourth will hold?

The fighter looks down at his inked, weary body. The thick panes of his chest rise and fall with each labored breath. Each of his abdominal muscles stands out in sharp relief as he winces with the aching pains shooting through him. How is he going to make it through another fight like this one alive? He shakes out his mane of dark curls, stepping into the hot spray of the shower. Warm water runs in rivulets over his broad shoulders, his biceps and sculpted thighs. He's built his body into a fighting machine, but how much longer will it run?

He scrubs himself clean, watching the blood and sweat swirl away down the drain. By now, he's used to being a killer. All his years in the military taught him how to tamp down his human guilt and disgust at taking another life. But all that repressed shame and sadness hasn't evaporated; his humanity hasn't completely been killed. With each of these fights to the death, it comes just a bit closer to the surface.

Clean of body, if not of soul, the fighter wrenches the water off and grabs a towel. He wraps it around the muscular v of his waist, shoving a hand through his wet curls. He should be pleased with himself for coming out on top yet again, but the usual sense of achievement is nowhere to be found in him. The only reason he signed that contract was to funnel some extra cash to his club. If he had his druthers, he'd stick to regulation boxing. Civilized sports. But a deal is a deal, and he has one more match to go. If he's honest with himself, deep down, maybe this is the way he wants it to be-maybe he doesn't want to win that last fight.

Footsteps echo off the tile of the locker room, catching the fighter's ear. His training sends him straight into action at the sound of an intruder. He reaches beneath his street clothes and snatches up his handgun. As he levels it at his unexpected company, a light laugh rings out from the shadows.

"No need for that, boy," says a smooth voice, "I'm just here to talk."

"It's you," the fighter grunts, lowering his firearm, "I almost put three bullets through your chest. Can't sneak up on a guy after he's just stepped out of the ring."

"My apologies," says his visitor, stepping out into the florescent glow of the locker room. He's shorter than the average man, but handsome all the same. His black hair is slicked back, not a strand out of place. The smile he offers the fighter is blindingly white, even more so offset by his deeply tanned skin. His every finger sports a ring of gold or diamond, and his fine Italian suit is cut to perfection.

And for all this, he's the least welcome sight the fighter could imagine.

"It's not every man that can look intimidating in a towel," the well dressed man smiles, "But I suppose you're not every man, now are you?"

"You need something, boss?" the fighter asks roughly, crossing his thickly muscled arms.

"I wanted to congratulate you on a great fight," the visitor says, tucking his hands into his pockets, "I knew you'd pull through. I doubt there's any man who could beat you in this ring."

"Here's hoping," the fighter says, "One more win and I'm out. The club will have its cut of the money you make off me, and we'll all be square."

"I hope you're still comfortable with our little arrangement?" the man asks, raising his manicured eyebrows.

"Sure," says the fighter, turning his back, "Even a sliver of what you're raking in on my fights will save the club from welching on its debts. And I've already said that I'll do whatever it takes to keep Dante's Nine afloat."

"Why don't you bail out the club yourself, if that's the case?"

"I may be rich, but not that rich," the fighter says, shaking his head, "Besides, most of my money is tied up in investments that aren't exactly liquid. The cash flow I have on hand won't come close to saving the club. We need a big pay day, boss. That's why I agreed to go through with these fights."

"Well, your sacrifice is paying off incredibly well," the man smiles, "I've made more than I ever expected to on you. I suppose Las Vegas is the city to snatch up the money of impulsive, filthy rich gamblers."

"I suppose so," the fighter says, dropping his towel and stepping into a pair of well-loved blue jeans. "I'll make sure to train hard for the next match, then."

"That's the other thing I wanted to talk to you about," the visitor sighs, "About your next match, my boy..."

"What is it?" the fighter asks gruffly, pulling on a plain black tee.

"We want the same thing out of this fourth and final fight: to make a whole helluva lot of money," the man begins, "And I intend to, with your help. The thing is, though, you may not be a huge fan of the finish I have in mind."

"What, do you have a side bet on the killing blow? I doubt that you could come up with any finish that would shock me," the fighter scoffs, "I saw shit in Afghanistan that would make your worst nightmares look like goddamn Saturday morning cartoons. Just tell me what I need to do."

The shrewd man locks eyes with the fighter. "I need you to lose," he says.

For a long moment, the fighter is silent, processing this unheard of request. He hasn't lost a fight since he was a boy of twelve, overpowered by his lush of a father. He's forgotten what it's like to lose to another man.

"These fights...are to the death," he says slowly.

"There's the rub," the boss says with a shrug.

"You want me to throw the last fight. To let myself get killed."

"That's the idea. It turns out that I stand to make a whole lot more money if you go down than if you win. Who would've thought? I know it's not the best case scenario, but I'm afraid you have no choice."

"There was nothing about fixing fights in the contract," the fighter says heatedly.

"Should have read the fine print," the boss winks, "The outcomes of these matches are mine to decide. And I've decided that, come August, you're going to throw the last one."

"August...that's only four months from now."

"Plenty of time to get your affairs in order," the boss says, "Just think about how much money you'll be bringing in for your gang."

"It's a club, not a gang," the fighter snaps.

"Really? So if I went to the police with your club's history of dealing drugs, running guns, and pimping out anything with enough holes to fuck, that wouldn't be an issue? Let's be honest with each other, my boy. Your gang needs this money. And unless you throw the last fight, I'm not going to give it to them. You'll die, sure, but you'll leave them quite the parting gift."

The fighter is silent as the polished man turns to go. What is there to say? It isn't as though he has any choice.

"I'll do it," he says quietly, his hands balled into fists, "For them."

"I knew you would, Dante's Son," the man smiles, "Until next time."

He disappears into the shadows once more, leaving the fighter alone. All at once, rage takes hold of the warrior. He strikes out at the metal lockers, punching and kicking, turning over benches, smashing mirrors. He's faced so much injustice in his life, but this has finally pushed him too far. He doesn't stop until the locker room is destroyed. Only then does he snatch up his leather cut and slip into it like a second skin.

His retreating back bears the name of Dante's Nine, and below, the club's sigil: a pair of dice, one that's rolled a four, the other a five. It's the fighter's family crest. His flag. The one thing he's willing to die for. And now, he knows he will.

"There he is," grins a burly bearded brother, as the fighter steps out the back door of the arena, into the May night. The eight other members of his motorcycle club are all there, waiting for him. A regular family reunion.

"Hey guys," the fighter smiles, pulling a young man with a tribal tattoo around his eye into a fierce embrace, "Thanks for being there tonight."

"You kidding?" laughs a grizzled, short man with a gut to be reckoned with, "As if we'd miss you representing our club like a damn hero. Well done, man."

"Holding up ok?" asks the bearded man, clapping the fighter on the back, "These fights must be wearing on you."

"Nah, I'm fine," the fighter says, shrugging off their concern. "Let's just get back to headquarters, all right? I could use a drink."

"It's on us," two gigantic men with shaved heads answer in unison. The twin enforcers of the group rarely waste words.

"I was gonna buy the first round," insists a small, ferocious man, leaning back against his bike, "Let me have a share of the glory for once."

"First round will be on the club," says a sure, even voice.

The eight younger members of the club look up at their silver-haired leader, the man who nodded encouragement to the fighter when he needed it most. He and the fighter share a silent look of respect, and with that, the meeting is over. His word is law, that much is clear.

The nine men mount their rides and set off, one by one, through the streets of Las Vegas. From the outside, the underground arena is totally hidden. Known only to those with a lot of money to spend on watching men die. The whole thing turns his stomach, if he's honest with himself. If only all these tourists knew about what went on just out of sight, the fighter thinks, looking around at the colorful strip, this place would be a ghost town before daybreak.

As a pack, they arrive back at their club's headquarters. From the street, their home looks like nothing more than an old biker bar. And in a way, it is. But within the walls of the Dante's Nine club house, a thriving club has lived and breathed for decades. Of course, the "thriving" part hasn't been applicable, of late. A deal gone south with a neighboring MC has bankrupted Dante's Nine to the point of oblivion. The fighter's last ditch gambit is all that's keeping up hopes, these days. And he has to see it through. There's no other option.

"Our returning champion!" crows the man behind the bar, as the fighter strides into the space, "Looks like you've survived another match, eh?"

"Keep your fuckin voice down," commands the silver-haired leader, "We've got a couple of regulars in here who don't need to know club business, all right?"

Indeed, there are a few patrons inside the bar that aren't strictly within the Dante's Nine fold. A trio of women hang back around the pool table, sporting tattoos of the club's logo, each one hoping for one of the members to make them an old lady someday. Some local regulars and fellow bikers populate the bar. And of course, the queen of the establishment presides over her taps and bottles, working beside the bartender.

She tucks a thick brown curl behind her ear and catches the fighter staring at her. He averts his gaze, not in the mood to start anything tonight. They have history, he and the hourglass-figured beauty. But he can't think of casual sex tonight. And that is a first. He snatches a bottle of beer from the bartender's hand and heads out into the night for a moment alone. His brothers watch him depart, murmuring and shaking their heads. They know that these fights are taking a toll on him, but they could never guess what the price of this next match will be.

The fighter steps out into the gravel parking lot, a firmament of stars blazing overhead. Down in the desert, Las Vegas rises like a neon oasis. He brings the bottle to his lips, taking a deep swig. He feels the mantle of fate settle onto him. He has a death day, now. And the countdown has already begun. The only question that remains is how to spend the last of his days? With four short months remaining, what's left to do?

What's the one thing I've never done, always regretted not doing? He asks himself, knocking back his beer. I've served my country, seen six continents, started multiple businesses, slept with as many women as I pleased, made a fortune, found a family...what's left?

The answer takes its time, occurring to him. But the second it does, he knows exactly how this last season of his life will be spent.

"I'm going to fall in love," he says to no one in particular, letting his words be swept away by the hot desert air. It's a promise he makes to himself. And the fighter is not one to go back on his word.

CHAPTER TWO

A satisfied smile plays across my lips as I stare up at the bedroom ceiling. My date for the evening kisses deeply along the length of my neck, determined to please me. I can't say I mind the initiative. The man of the hour, Stephen, runs his fingers over my long torso, cupping my firm breasts in his eager, grateful hands. This is certainly one of the perks of being one of only two women in my graduate program at UC Berkeley-all of the men on hand are willing to go above and beyond the call of duty in the bedroom. And my friend Stephen here is no exception to that convenient rule.

"I just want to make you feel good," he murmurs, slipping my cotton tee up over my head. He drinks in the sight of me sitting before him in my bra, blonde hair falling over my slender shoulders. "You're so gorgeous, Kassie-"

"Go on then," I urge him, keeping my blue eyes steadily on his, "Show me."

A low groan rises up out of his throat as I lay back against my sea of cushy pillows. My little one-bedroom apartment isn't very fancy, but I've done my best to make it feel like home. Or at least, what I imagine home feels like. Stephen's lips move down along my collarbone, kissing every part of me they can find. I shove my hands through my long, dirty blonde hair, reminding myself to relax and enjoy the moment. It's just a little fun, Kassie, I coach myself, he may as well be battery-operated.

I run my fingers through Stephen's close-cropped hair as he unclasps my bra, fumbling only for the slightest second. He looks like any other guy here at Berkeley. They've all got the same screen-weary eyes, the standard-issue academic wardrobe, the tame hair cut and clean-shaven chins. Sure, some veer more toward the hipster side of the spectrum, but my guy here is all prep school jock turned Silicon Valley hopeful. Stephen's better built than most of our classmates-with evidence that he actually spends a little time at the gym. He'll do just fine for my current purposes, anyway. It's not like I'm looking for love tonight, or ever. Just a little stress-relieving orgasm will do the trick.

He pops open the button of my skinny jeans, sliding them down along my toned thighs. For my own part, I can't get enough running, hiking, yoga-any kind of activity that I can lose myself in. I don't like to be alone with my thoughts, if I can help it. And if I happen to keep in pretty great shape as a result, then all the better.

Stephen brings his full lips to the skin just above my knee as I lay before him in my navy blue hipster panties. My uncovered breasts rise and fall with every breath as his eyes rake along the length of my body. He looks for the world like a man who's just won the lottery. I raise my hips to him ever-so-slightly, inviting him to go on. Stephen takes my cue, lifting his own button-down over his head and letting it fall to the floor. I know that he's my age, but he seems so young as he eases my panties down over the rise of my ass. At least youth usually means enthusiasm, I think to myself as he lowers his lips to kiss up along my thigh.

"That's it," I coo, closing my eyes contentedly.

"This is what you want?" he asks, running the tip of his tongue across my tender skin.

"You know it is," I say, letting my knees fall open. I run my hands over his broad, crew team shoulders. He'll do just fine, this one.

He runs his hands along my thighs, working up slowly, deliberately. His kisses trail across the valley that stretches between my hip bones. A low, steady throbbing kicks up in my core, that oh-too-familiar pressure. I need a little release tonight, and I need it bad. I reach for Stephen's hands and lock my gaze to his as I guide them to that place between my legs that's jonesing for a little attention.

"Mmm..." I purr, as he takes the hint, stroking along the length of my sex. His touch is light, tentative, but still so nice. He moves slowly, as if he's in awe. I have to admit, it's rather flattering to know how amazed he is to find himself here in my bed.

"I can't believe I get to touch you like this," he breathes, bringing his lips down to my hard nipples as he slips a finger into the wet, pink folds of my pussy.

I lose myself in the sparks of sensation that trail along my skin. His tongue presses against the hard nub of my nipple as two strong fingers slide up inside of me, flexing against that tender flesh. He sucks with just enough force, the tip of his tongue and the tips of his fingers working me into a simmering frenzy. Now this is exactly what I had in mind.

"Keep going," I urge him, spreading my legs as wide as I can. In the heat of the moment, his gaze becomes intense, intent. He finally forgets how lucky he is to be here and actually loses himself in the act. We're caught up together, giving in to our basest carnal needs.

He positions himself between my legs, bringing his mouth swiftly down from my breasts to my sex. Atta boy, I smile to myself, grabbing onto handfuls of my baby blue comforter. He presses deeper into me with his sure fingers as he lowers his lips to that hard, aching nub between my legs. My back arches as he flicks his tongue against the center of my ecstasy. Kneading and caressing me with his tongue and hands, he sends ripple after ripple of sensation barreling through me, mounting with every passing touch.

"I'm so...close," I groan, bucking my hips toward him.

He pulls out all the stops, rubbing and stroking me with all his might. With one perfect, firm flick of his dexterous tongue, I'm a goner. My whole body shudders deliciously as warm, soothing pleasure rolls along my every frayed nerve. I sigh happily as the feeling overtakes me, leaving me loose and sated in its wake. A moan escapes my throat as I come, a full, fine orgasm running its course through my body. It's been far too long since I've gotten off with somebody else. I'm more than happy to fly solo, but it's nice to just lay back and enjoy once in a while. Content, I curl up onto my side and let my eyes close for a moment.

Stephen lowers himself onto the bed beside me, happy to have made me happy. He wraps his muscled arms around me, moving to make me his little spoon. Just as he settles down, lying his well-formed jaw against my shoulder, a little shot of impatience punctures my good mood. I duck out from under his arms, pulling myself up to sitting next to him on the bed. I lean back against my bedroom wall, reaching for my bra and tee shirt. He looks up at me, a bit bewildered but afraid to show it.

"Come here," he smiles, opening his arms to me.

"Where did my panties get to?" I reply, ignoring his offer.

"Oh," he says slowly, pulling himself onto a forearm, "Are we...done?"

"That was my understanding," I smile, slipping on my date night clothes once more. "Do you want anything? Vodka? Whiskey?"

"A glass of water would be fine," he says, fighting to keep his disappointment from showing on his pretty boy face.

I hop over him and make my way to the kitchen, feeling satisfied and as content as ever. This final month of classes has been incredibly rough. My stress levels are at an all-time high, and that's saying something. A little casual fooling around has always been my cure for low spirits. Well, that and some actual spirits, that is.

I rummage through the cupboard and find a bottle of Jim Beam, an ever-present staple in my kitchen. I pour myself a generous glass of whiskey and fill a mug with some tap water for Stephen. Sipping thirstily from my drink, the familiar, comforting burn soothes me as it always does. I lean back against the kitchen counter and catch a glimpse of myself in the darkened window. My tousled hair, bare feet, and stiff drink make me look a whole lot more at ease than I actually feel. But I try and quiet my lingering anxiety and discomfort as best I can. This is about as good as it gets, these days. I need to learn how to be a little more appreciative. Letting the whiskey work warmly down my throat, I savor this little moment of peace.

"That for me?" Stephen asks, padding into the kitchen and nodding to the mug.

"Sure is," I tell him, plastering a smile onto my face. Peaceful moment over, I suppose. It was nice while it lasted.

The two of us stand in silence for a spell, sipping our drinks. This is always the point where things start to get annoyingly awkward, in my experience. That moment after fooling around with someone when it's very clear that you're not on the same page about what comes next. I should have known this guy would go all lovey on me. I down the final sip of my booze and go to pour myself another little nip, wishing there was a graceful way to say, "Thanks for getting me off. There's the door."

"So...how are you holding up with the end of the year?" Stephen asks, pretending not to judge me as I pour some more Jim into my glass.

"Oh, you know," I sigh, "It's always a shit show. At least this is the last time we'll have to go through it."

"Yeah," he says, "Can you believe we're almost done with our masters? Graduation's right around the bend. It feels like we just started."

"Does it?" I counter, "I feel like I've been waiting to get out of school since the second I got in. This campus culture is driving me nuts. The same old parties, the same old people. I don't think I could last another year."

"Oh, come on," he urges, "It's not so bad. We've got a pretty good class, don't we?"

I think about the other students in our graduate computer science program. Apart from my best friend Kelly, every single one of them are dudes. Nice enough guys, to be sure, but nice gets boring pretty quickly. "Nice" also tends to translate to, "polite enough unless you don't have sex with me when I expect you to," or, "but I paid for dinner, why won't you screw me, you tease?" As diverse and liberal as Berkeley can be, I feel like I only ever run into the same humdrum, well-bred yuppies I knew back in Connecticut. Maybe I should have majored in something more radical. If only I had an artistic bone in my body...

"I guess I'm just ready to get out into the real world," I deflect, hopping up to sit on the counter, "I've never really been the perpetual-student type. This masters is just a necessity."

"I was thinking I might like to go the teaching route," Stephen says sheepishly. "It seems like a nice, secure sort of life."

I have to fight not to cringe at the words nice and secure. I know all about what it's like to have a nice, secure life-at least on the surface. I grew up in Fairfield, Connecticut, about the nicest place you could possibly imagine. I lived in a nice house, with a nice green lawn, a couple of nice cars parked in the driveway. My parents were nice people with nice jobs and two nice little daughters (not to mention the brigade of nannies who raised them). But all the niceness didn't keep our family from crashing and burning hard.

"You OK, Kassie?" Stephen asks, snapping me out of my reverie.

"Huh?" I say dumbly.

"You just got this really troubled look," he says, stepping toward me, "Is everything all right these days?"

He tries to take my hand in his, but I pull it back reflexively. My date has officially overstayed his welcome.

"I'm fine," I tell him, sipping heartily from my glass, "I've just got a lot of work left to do tonight, is all."

"But it's Saturday," he laughs tensely, "And we're...you know...on a date."

"Yeah. We went on a date," I reply, "We've had our date, and now...you now. It's over."

"Do you want me to leave?" he asks, surprised.

"I have some stuff to do," I say vaguely, "I just don't want to get behind with the semester wrapping up and everything. I mean, we got dinner, and saw that movie. Don't you think it's time to call it a night?"

"Oh...Um..." he blusters, shoving a hand through his short, dark hair, "I just figured we could maybe spend a little more time together. When you invited me back here, I guess I assumed...you know."

A flash of annoyance scorches through my mind as he stalls. This always, always happens to me. Every time I let a guy come home after a second date, fool around a little, he always mopes around like a sad puppy looking for a treat. I feel my attraction to Stephen wane in a heartbeat as he shifts back and forth on his sneakered feet. This is what I get for dating boys, rather than men.

"Look, Stephen," I begin, "I had a really good time tonight. Can't we just leave it?"

"I'd rather not," he replies, his smile becoming brazen, "I'm having a really good time. Maybe you could pour me some of that Jim and we could just hang out? Get to know each other a little better."

"I think we should hold off on that," I insist.

"Until next time, you mean?" he asks hopefully, "When can I see you again?"

I take a deep breath, trying to keep the irritation out of my voice. "You see me all the time. We're in all the same classes-"

"No, I mean...see you. Spend time with you," he says, smiling bashfully, "I've had a crush on you since we first started grad school, Kassie. And now I feel like I'm finally getting a chance to know you."

Oh boy, I think to myself, I've got a damned romantic on my hands. What poor Stephen doesn't know is that I don't do third dates. Not ever. I'm not a total puritan-I like to flirt, and make out, and get off as much as the next girl. But I don't do relationships, or deep, emotional talks, or crushes. I don't really have the stomach for any of that.

"Let me stay for a while," Stephen urges, laying a hand on my shoulder.

"Dude," I say, shrugging him off, "I don't want to be rude or anything, but I really just want to get back to work tonight. OK?"

"No. It's not really OK," he says, trying to mask his hurt feelings, "I was looking forward to spending the night with you. I mean, I think I've been treating you pretty well. Making sure you're taken care of..."

"Ah. I see," I grin sarcastically, "You're just annoyed that you didn't get laid. Is that it? You got me off, and now you expect me to pay you back by sleeping with you."

"No!" he exclaims.

"The laddie doth protest too much," I rib him, butchering Shakespeare along the way, "Well, I hate to burst your bubble, but I don't really do the sleeping around thing."

"What are you talking about?" he says, "We just-"

"Had a little fun," I cut him off, "That's all. Can we please not make this into a scene, Stephen? I don't have the energy right now."

"I can't believe this," he scoffs, slamming down his mug, "It's pretty common knowledge that it's impolite not to sleep with a guy after he goes down on you."

"I must have missed that ethics lecture," I say dryly.

"It's just really uncool of you," he mopes.

"Stephen, sex isn't something that you owe people," I say, exasperated, "I'm sorry if your fraternity brothers told you otherwise."

"You just use guys to get off and toss them out, is that it?" he asks.

"Pretty much," I quip, "It's called having no strings attached. I would have thought you'd be used to the idea, being a guy and all."

"Man, you must have a pretty low opinion of men," he jabs.

"Haven't run into many counter examples," I say pointedly.

"Jesus," he says meanly, "Someone's got a bad case of the daddy issues, huh?"

My vision flashes bright white with sudden, boundless anger. Before I can even catch a breath, my arm cocks back, and I bring my palm wailing down against the side of Stephen's face. The sharp sound of my slap echoes off the kitchen tiles, mingling with his surprised cry of pain. He clutches his reddened cheek, staring at me like I have at least three heads. I gape at him in the dim light of the kitchen, surprised by my sudden act of violence.

"What the hell is the matter with you?" he asks angrily.

"I...I didn't mean to-" I stutter. "Did I hurt you?"

"You slapped me in the face," he hisses, "What do you think?"

"It's just...I got mad, is all," I try to explain.

"Christ, you're one crazy bitch," he mutters, turning on his heel.

"Don't talk to me like that," I fume, hurrying after him.

"I don't know what kind of messed up shit you're hiding behind that pretty face," he says, "But you need some serious help. Enjoy your drink, Kassie."

"It's Kassenia," I snap, "Only my friends get to call me Kassie, you presumptuous prick."

Stephen wrenches open the front door and hurries away with his tail between his legs. I slam the door behind him and snatch up my whiskey glass once again. The fiery drink only stokes my fuming mind as I retreat to my bedroom, angry and alone.

Yep. Just a typical Saturday night for Kassenia Bennett.

I sink down onto my rumpled bed, tucking my long legs beneath me. My thoughts spiral off into anger, embarrassment, resentment, all the usual stops. I've gotten so good at hiding my real feelings, tamping down all of my pain. But tonight got the best of me. If Stephen hadn't mentioned my dad, I would have been able to keep my cool. But the memories of my father and my family will always be like an open wound. And tonight, Stephen poured a bucket of salt right into it. I'm still smarting as I go on nursing my amber liquor and cursing creatively under my breath.

"Looks like it's just you and me again tonight, Jim," I sigh. At least there's one constant man in my life.

My cell phone chirps on the other side of the bed. I glance over and see that it's Kelly calling. Relieved, I put the call on speaker and lean back against the wall.

"What's up, Kel?" I ask, my voice deflated.

"Yikes," she replies, "That is not the voice of someone whose date went well."

"Yeah...Stephen's a no-go," I tell her.

"I could have told you that," she replies, "He's a lax bro, for god's sake. When have you ever met a lax bro who you didn't instantly want to nut punt?"

I smile, despite my morose mood. Kelly Rodgers and I go back to our freshman year of undergrad at UCONN. That girl has seen me through crises both minute and infinitely huge. Even in the darkest, dreariest moments, she can make me feel like everything is going to be OK. I honestly don't know how I would have made it through school, or life, without her.

"Well, I hope you don't mind, but I sort of anticipated that your date might not go so well..." she says.

"Thanks a lot," I laugh.

"Don't mention it. So, I may have picked up some pizza and a bottle of wine in your neighborhood," she presses on, "And I may have just seen Stephen leave your apartment in a huff...and I might just possibly be at your door."

I uncurl my long body and hurry to my front door, pulling it open expectantly. Sure enough, Kelly's standing on my doorstep. Her tight, jet black curls tumble down her back in perfect order, and her bright green eyes sparkle with excitement. Her pixie-like frame is as well-dressed as ever in light skinny jeans and a flowing sapphire blouse, but the real miracle is what she holds in her well-manicured hands-a huge pizza box, and a bottle of our favorite cabernet sauvignon.

"You, my friend, are a vision," I tell her.

"And you...look like you need some girl talk," she says, cocking her head at me.

"That's the truth," I say, as Kelly breezes past me into the kitchen. She rustles through my cabinets, totally at home. It makes sense, of course. Kelly and I are like sisters, after all the years we've spent together. I'm closer with her now than I ever got to be with my biological sister, even. And while that's not the easiest thing to think about, it does make me grateful to have found a friend as constant and fierce as Kelly.

"OK, here we are," she says, hoisting two gigantic slices of pizza onto my chipped plates. "Grab the booze, and we'll commence with the post mortem," she commands me, bustling off into my bedroom.

Whiskey in one hand and wine in the other, I follow her. We settle cross-legged onto the floor, among my various text books and study guides. My apartment is filled with academic flotsam and jetsam. Both of us are knee-deep in finals right now, but a minute on this little island of sisterhood is exactly what I need.

"So, Stephen was a dud?" Kelly asks, pouring herself a deep glass of wine, "I'm sorry to hear that. I was hoping you might get a little action tonight."

"Oh, he was fine in the sack," I tell her.

"Kassie," she says, leveling her matter-of-fact gaze at me, "You can't say 'in the sack' unless you're talking about having sex."

"Why not?" I ask, "We were in the sack, so to speak-"

"It's just misleading," she cuts in, "When you say 'in the sack', I get all excited thinking that you've finally let go of that pesky virginity of yours."

I roll my eyes, unwilling to get into this for the umpteenth time. "When I do have sex with someone, you'll be the first one to know," I tell her, "Who else would I go to?"

"I just honestly don't know how you do it," she says, shaking her head, "I mean, Jesus. I was sleeping with guys when I was sixteen. And here you are at twenty-five, never having done the nasty. I'd never have been able to wait that long. I was just so curious about it all."

"I'm curious too," I tell her, "I've just never been curious enough to sleep with some random guy. I've got plenty of time for sex, when I meet someone I'm actually that attracted to."

"I've just never understood what the big deal is," Kelly sighs, "I mean...it's just sex. It's all physical. There doesn't have to be anything deep and enlightening behind it."

"But I want there to be," I insist, "When I finally have sex with someone, I'd kind of like it to be significant. Not just a roll in the hay with Stephen what's-his-name."

"I know, I know," Kelly says, pulling some melty cheese off of her pizza, "I guess I just can't imagine what it feels like, having that relationship with sex. It's always just been kind of casual for me."

"And that's fine too," I shrug, "But it's personal, Kel. Everyone's going to have their own feelings about it. And my feeling is that I like getting off as much as anyone, but I'm not going to sleep with someone until it feels right."

"Sorry, Stephen," Kelly winks.

"You can say that again," I laugh, "He got so blustery when he realized we weren't going to screw. The same old, 'but I've been so nice!' routine all over again."

"All these twenty-something guys are all the same," Kelly agrees, "That's why I play in the big leagues now. Anyone under thirty need not apply."

I take a big bite of my pizza, happy to be veering away from the subject of my virginity at last. As I've gotten older, it's become harder to justify my decision to hold off on sex until I find the right partner. Hardly anyone knows that I'm still a virgin at the ripe old age of twenty-five. Besides Kelly and a couple of shrinks, the rest of the world is clueless-I even lied to my gyno so I could start taking birth control regularly, just in case. If people knew, they'd probably suspect that it was a religious thing, but that couldn't be further from the truth. I'm a hard-line atheist, have been for years. And it's not a romantic thing, either. I'm not waiting for Mr. Right. I'm just hoping to find someone who respects me, someone I want, someone who really turns me on. And honestly, I don't think it's entirely my fault that my standards are so high.

Growing up, my little sister Rosalie and I were guarded like princesses in a tower. Or, rather, prisoners. My parents were staunch conservatives in all things, and my father Walt could never abide the idea of his girls going out into the world to meet all manner of boys and men. We were forbidden from dating, school dances, any co-ed activities. Rosalie and I went to a private all-girls Catholic school in Fairfield. The first time I ever really got to interact with anyone of the opposite sex was once I started undergrad. But by then, I was totally convinced that sexuality was shameful. Brainwashed into thinking that any kind of pleasure was dirty and sinful. My parents had convinced me that sex was just something that men would use to hurt me. And even now, after all this time, it's hard to shake off that lie.

"I hope you at least got off tonight," Kelly says, interrupting my train of thought.

"Oh yeah," I tell her, "For all his whining, Stephen did the trick."

"Maybe you'll be able to make it through finals without tearing all that gorgeous hair out now," Kelly grins.

"We'll see," I tell her, "I'm still freaking out a little bit about my job situation, once graduation rolls around."

"What do you mean?" Kelly says, "You've always had a job, ever since I've known you."

"I've just been freelancing to pay for school," I remind her, "That's no way to make a good living. I have to totally undersell myself doing Craigslist gigs, the market is just so flooded these days."

"That's more than I've been doing," she scoffs, "My graduate school years are just a haze of frantic studying, pot smoke, and unfortunate one night stands."

"And yet, you've landed yourself a cushy tech job with the rest of our graduating class," I tease her.

"You could do the same," she replies, "If you sent a carrier pigeon to Silicon Valley with your resume, you'd get hired in a heartbeat."

"I just can't see myself in that life," I tell her. "I mean, I'm sure there are cool startups and tech companies down there, but I don't really want to work for anyone else. It would still be a nine-to-five, the same thing day in and day out. I want something more exciting than that out of life. I want to be my own boss."

"You're a braver woman than me, then," Kelly sighs, "All I want is a steady salary, a steady tan, and a steady fuck buddy."

"A lady who knows what she wants," I smile, "Nothing wrong with that."

We sip our wine contemplatively, trying not to think that we might actually have to part ways come graduation. For almost seven years now, Kelly and I have been attached at the hip. She's the only other woman I've ever been close with. My mother and I were very distant. I never really got to know my little sister as an adult. I don't really have any other "girlfriends". Or...any friends, for that matter. I'm chummy enough with some of my male classmates, but I guess you could say I have a bit of a hard time trusting people.

But Kelly stepped up as my sole source of support and comfort through my darkest hour, at the end of our undergrad senior year. When I had to wade through unthinkable tragedy and loss, she was right there at my side. I know I can trust her with my heart. My life, even. I can't imagine finding a man about whom I could say the same.

"Maybe I could just become a nun," I suggest, the wine and whiskey loosening my tongue. "Just get my virginity gold plated and call it a day."

"What?!" Kelly exclaims, falling back against my bed. "You are not allowed to become a nun! Just look at you."

"What do you mean?" I ask, blinking down at myself.

"You're like some kind of sex goddess or something," Kelly says, "You know this, Kassie. I've been telling you for years."

I've always been pretty at peace with my body. At five foot nine and 135 pounds, I've always been tall and slender. Since undergrad, my once skinny form has become strong and muscular. My blonde hair, with its subtle natural highlights, hangs in loose waves down past my shoulder blades. I'm half Croatian, on my mother's side, and her Eastern European features mix surprisingly well with my dad's British appearance in me. Rosalie and I got the best of each parent, I think-though her pale skin and raven hair were the inverse of my blonde hair and warm, sandy complexion.

"You just wait," Kelly drawls, a little tipsy, "When you finally let him, some man is going to worship that body of yours. And that mind and heart, too. Don't you worry."

"Maybe," I shrug, "But I'm not holding my breath. I think I'll worry about things that actually matter in the real world. Like a job. And a place to live. And the crazy hangover I'm going to have tomorrow."

"Do you want to cut it with the wine?" Kelly asks, blinking at me in surprise.

"And leave a bottle unfinished? Are you crazy?" I ask, topping off our glasses.

"I have to tell you, Kassie, I'm going to miss this," Kelly sighs, "I know that school's been kind of a roller coaster for us both, but these nights with you make up for all the bullshit."

"Back at you, babe," I smile, "But come on, it's not like we're never going to see each other after graduation."

"I don't know," she says, "I just have this feeling that you're going to take off like a rocket the second you clear this place."

"You think?" I ask.

"It just seems like you're on the edge of something big," Kelly goes on, "I can just sense it in you."

"I really hope you're right," I sigh, "Because right now, my foreseeable future only includes busting my ass over shitty freelance jobs and a committed relationship with my vibrator. So..."

"Just wait," Kelly says, "Something's going to come your way any day now. Something huge. You just have to promise me you'll take the leap when the time comes."

"I might need a little push," I nudge her, "But I'm ready."

We stay up into the early hours of the morning, commiserating over finals, the lack of decent men in this joint, and how quickly a bottle of wine can go between two friends. At last, we doze off, not another word is spoken about my sex life and I push it out of my mind, for now. I've overcome a lot in my short twenty-five years on this planet. I think I can leave the whole virginity issue unresolved for a little while longer.

CHAPTER THREE

As expected, Kelly and I lose most of the next morning to our shared hangover. We roll out of bed around ten and amble about my little apartment, pounding water and nibbling on toast. She finishes all my crusts, as always. I've never been able to finish the last few bites of any meal, no matter how small.

After all these years, we've got our hangover recovery strategy down pat. It's like a tag-team event for us. I suppose I can go a little overboard with my drinking, sometimes, but I figure there are far worse things I could be into. Sure, I'll occasionally smoke a joint, and even pop a Molly if the mood strikes me, but that's as hardcore as I get. And if I've made it this far without getting into narcotics or the like, I think I'm in the clear. Besides, I still have plenty of time to grow out of it all and get old and boring.

"Don't work too hard today," Kelly says, giving me a big hug goodbye.

"What? Me?" I ask innocently.

"Why do I even bother?" Kelly sighs, "I'll come back tonight to make sure you haven't been crushed by an avalanche of text books."

The second that Kelly is out the door, I force myself back to my studies. I'm in the home stretch of grad school, now. I can't get lazy and drop the ball. If I want to take off with a bang and get my own startup off the ground, I need to find a way to focus. That means soldiering through my hangover and getting back to work.

Wearing a loose off-the-shoulder tee and my favorite cotton panties, I curl up on my well-loved couch and open up my laptop. I begrudgingly scan all of my social media accounts, laughing out loud when I see the mopey Facebook status Stephen posted after leaving last night. "Are those Dashboard Confessional lyrics he's quoting?" I muse to myself, "Isn't that just the sweetest, most passive-aggressive thing..."

I wouldn't even bother with Facebook or Twitter if social media wasn't such an important part of my industry. My dream is to launch a crowdfunding site of my own, and an operation like that is going to take a lot of online marketing savvy. I keep up with Facebook, Twitter, Google+, the works, but not for the sake of my social life. It's all just a necessary evil to me. Like getting my degree. Or shaving my legs.

Sipping on my beloved espresso roast, I dive into preparing for my final round of assignments and exams. School's always come easy to me. Well, at least when it comes to math and science. I definitely have a mind for numbers, which has always served me well. Back in high school, I was hopeless with the humanities. English, history, creative writing-not my bag. But set me down in front of a set of data, and I'm your girl. Sometimes I wish I was more able to express my creative visions. Every time I have an artistic thought, it stays on lockdown inside my mind. Maybe somewhere along the way I'll find a business partner who'll be able to help me articulate my abstract ideas. But until then, I'll stick with facts and numbers. Leave the artsy stuff to someone else.

Rosalie got all the artistic genes in our family. Her paintings and poetry were absolutely stunning. She could sit down at a canvas or typewriter and just pour out her soul in any form she liked. I was always in awe of her creative freedom. She wanted more than anything to travel abroad, and study painting in Rome and write poetry in Parisian cafes. I never daydreamed the way she did. All I wanted was to get out of my oppressive home and lead my own life. I'll never forgive myself for cutting Rosalie out the way I did, once I went away to school.

I snap back to the present, somewhere around my third cup of joe. My concentration has obviously started to fade. I decide to give my brain a break and switch to another task for a spell. Lying down on my belly, I pull up a whole new slew of tabs on my browser. Craigslist, Odesk, Elance, Freelancer, all the standard sites. They're my lifelines for freelance coding and programming work.

Every single day, I visit these sites and bid on project after project. Some people might think that freelancing from home is a leisurely pursuit. And while it's true that I get to work in my underwear if I like, the scramble to snatch up work is absolutely exhausting. There are so many people out there trying to find freelance work that employers can pay next to nothing. I'm constantly having to undersell myself. The competition is fierce, but I manage to scrape enough work together to get by.

I've been paying my own way through grad school by completing little assignments here and there. Before I started my undergrad education, I never gave money a second thought. My family had always been extremely well off, and I honestly had no concept of wealth or capital. Mom and Dad both come from old money, and seemed to make plenty of their own. Rosalie and I had always been told that our college educations and graduate school would be paid for, no questions asked. I could never have grasped the idea of loans and scholarships. Not until I was forced to, that is.

As it turned out, my family's funds were not quite as bottomless and I'd been led to believe. My father Walt worked in finance-investment banking, that kind of thing. He had all the fine suits, the foreign cars, the status symbols galore. I'd always taken these trappings of wealth to mean that we had all the money we'd ever need. But in truth, our fortune was far from secure. Quite the opposite, in fact.

Dad was something of a gambler. I remember him teaching me basic blackjack strategy when I was still in the single digits. He loved the thrill of throwing his money around, risking it all. I honestly believe that he thought of himself as invincible. And that was all well and good when he stuck to card games with the other neighborhood millionaires. But soon, he was looking for bigger risks, bigger payoffs. Eventually, it was that gambling spirit that would destroy us all. He stopped thinking about his family, got swept up in the rush of putting everything on the line. He went all in, and as a result, I lost it all.

I shake my head, dislodging thoughts of my family. No way can I afford to get bogged down in those memories right now. In rapid fire succession, I shoot out offer after offer for low-paid programming work, sending out my resume to employers all around the world. It's a daily game, this casting out of lines. Hoping to catch a shark, and usually coming up with minnows. Now, there's nothing to do but wait for a good bite.

The hours creep along as I troll through job postings. I grab a couple slices of cold pizza from the fridge and throw on some music. A pounding, hardcore rock song blasts out of my speakers, surrounding me in numbing, comforting noise. Looking at me, you'd probably think I was all about Taylor Swift and Katy Perry-maybe Lorde, on an "edgy" day. But since I can remember, my music of choice has always been metal, rap, anything hardcore. I used to lock myself in the closet of my childhood bedroom, listening to Biggie and Slipknot. My mother once found an Eminem album in my room and nearly tried to have me exorcised. What can I say? I'm a woman of eclectic tastes.

I chow down on my pizza and nod my head to the heavy music, refreshing my Craigslist "gigs" page. Most of the stuff on this site is pretty low-level, but once in a while there's something interesting to be found. Sure, I once accidentally applied to code a virtual sex worker site, but...you know. Comes with the territory.

"What's this?" I mutter around my bite of pizza, peering down at an unassuming link at the bottom of the page.

Summer Internship Opportunity for Ambitious, Up-and-Coming Female Entrepreneur: Invest My Fortune - Las Vegas, NV

"Las Vegas, huh?" I chuckle to myself, "That would be something. Dad would certainly be proud, at least."

I click on the link, expecting it to be an open call for showgirls, or a "sugar daddy seeking" situation. Why else would the ad be directed at young women, specifically? This is the internet, after all. But out of curiosity, I read on.

Unique Summer Internship Opportunity for the Right Girl

Location: Las Vegas, Nevada

Commitment: Full-time

Pay: Substantial

Employer: Anonymous

Description: This summer, I'm looking to make a deserving female entrepreneur's dream come true. I will put a $250,000 trust account in your name if you meet my criteria and I feel that you will make a good investment. All living expenses will be paid for, and then some, during your stay in Las Vegas. I'll set you up with a hotel room on the strip, introduce you to my many business connections, and offer you a wealth of resources and advice as you create and launch your product. If you're a smart, ambitious, beautiful young woman, then please send an e-mail message with "ambitious beauty" in the subject line. Tell me briefly what your business goals are and what you'll do with the investment funds. You must also include a headshot photo, and links to social media.

NOTE: I will give special consideration to girls of Eastern-European ancestry. Will explain later.

I cock an eyebrow at the peculiar ad. Surely, this has to be some kind of scam. What kind of venture capitalist would invest in a first-time entrepreneur on a whim? And seemingly without looking for anything in return? The kind looking to spend the summer with a hot young sex toy, that's what. There's absolutely no way that this opportunity is legit. First of all, it's in Vegas. Second, why would it matter that the entrepreneur be female, and beautiful? I have no idea what the Eastern-European ancestry thing is about, but it sounds like a fetish to me. And why would the employer post anonymously if not to keep people from knowing right off the bat that he's a fraud?

My finger hovers over the track pad, ready to close out of the phony posting. But for some reason, I can't just write it off. My eyes hang heavy on that dollar amount: $250,000. That's more money than I can even imagine. It would certainly be enough to get my startup off the ground in a big way. I consider myself to be ambitious and driven, and I really do believe in my idea for a new kind of crowdfunding site. Hell, I even have the Eastern European thing going for me. Even if this employer is a bit eccentric, could it actually be worth it to apply for the gig?

I leave the window open and hop in the shower, determined to think it all over. Jumping to conclusions never did anyone any favors, after all. As I lather up my hair with generic shampoo and think about what microwavable meal I'm going to make for dinner, I realize all at once how dull my life has become. Am I really going to be one of those people who sits in front of their laptop all day, toiling over mindless data entry jobs, never getting the cash together to start something big? That's not the kind of life I'm interested in leading. Not at all.

Tentatively, I let myself imagine what it would be like to get the hell out of this apartment and spend the summer in Vegas-sprawling, chaotic, exciting Vegas. I could be living large in my own lush hotel room, ordering room service, going out every night. There I'd be-lounging by the pool, schmoozing with rich and powerful investors that could help make my dreams come true. The money I could make on blackjack alone is enough to set my head spinning.

True, the ad is probably just a bunch of bullshit. Probably, the poster is just some desperate guy looking to jack off to some snapshots of Eastern-European girls. Or else he's a low-level venture capitalist with no people skills and an overblown ego. But what do I have to lose by replying? All I have to do is send him a description of my project and a dinky little photo of me. Anyone could find my email address and photo online, and probably more than that, if I'm being realistic.

I step out of the shower and wrap myself up in a threadbare towel. With a conflicted mind, I sit back down in front of the computer, debating vigorously with myself. It's stupid of me to get my hopes up, I know. There's no way an offer like this could ever come without a serious catch. But I also know that my bank account has never been more alarmingly unimpressive. I could be facing some seriously hard times come graduation if I don't figure something out soon. And without anywhere to turn if I do end up down on my luck, how can I afford to be picky? Who am I to turn my nose up at opportunities like this when they arise? Because if it turns out this thing is legit, and I happen to get chosen...my life could change forever.

"Get a grip, Kassie!" I mutter, marching off into my bedroom to throw on some actual clothes. Most of the day has already slipped away as I've studied and applied for work. I throw on a fitted long sleeved tee and a pair of super-short jean cutoffs. My hair hangs loosely over my shoulders, wavy and air-dried. I'm just about to close out of that craigslist ad once and for all when I hear a knock on my front door. That's right-Kelly said she'd come and check on me again tonight.

"Oh good, you're alive!" she says, as I let her back in.

"How do you look so put together after a day of hung-over studying?" I ask her, marveling at her wrap dress and spiky heels.

"It's called buying shampoo that costs more than a dollar," she says.

"Fair point," I allow.

"Get your stuff together, we're going out," she tells me excitedly.

"What?" I sputter, "Kel, come on-"

"You come on, Kassie," she counters, "When was the last time you left this apartment for something other than class?"

"I...brought the garbage out the other day," I mutter lamely.

"Oh God," she groans, "The situation is even more dire than I thought. Come on-put on your sluttiest dress and come dancing with me. I have a molly hookup for tonight, if you want. You need to blow off some steam, Kass, or you're going to self destruct."

"There's just...some stuff I need to get done."

"What stuff?"

"There's...this job application that I'm thinking of submitting," I tell her, vaguely, "I was maybe going to work on it tonight."

"You'd rather work on a job application than come have an amazing, balls-tripping time with me?" she pouts theatrically.

"It's kind of a crazy offer," I go on, "Like, once-in-a-lifetime crazy."

"Really?" she asks, her curiosity piqued, "What is it?"

"I...don't want to tell you," I stall, "It might just be a hoax. You're going to think it's dumb or-"

"OK, now you have to tell me," she says, plopping down on the sofa.

"I'm honestly not even sure if I should apply-" I begin.

"Is this it?" she asks, looking at the still-open tab on my laptop screen.

"Um..."

"It is!" she squeals, pulling the computer into her lap.

"Wait-" I say, lunging toward her, "Don't-"

But she's already reading through the bizarre ad in its entirety, her eyebrows raised in incredulous surprise the whole time. I watch her process the oddly specific, borderline crazy qualifications. I knew it. She's going to tell me this is a waste of time, that I need a serious reality check if I think this is legit.

"Kassenia Bennett," Kelly says, swinging her green eyes up to mine, "If you don't apply for this internship, I'm never going to speak to you again."

"Seriously?" I laugh, oddly relieved by her response.

"Absolutely," she says, "You're exactly what this person is looking for."

"Don't you think it sounds a little bit sketchy?" I ask her.

"Oh, it sounds incredibly sketchy," she says, "But are you really going to let that stop you? Sometimes the sketchiest things are also the most exciting. "

"I don't know," I press, "What if that ad was just posted by some pervert looking to lure women to his sex dungeon?"

"Well...What's your opinion about sex dungeons?"

"Be serious!" I urge her, kneeling in front of the couch.

"OK, OK," she says, "Look. I'm not saying you have to go meet this person in a dark alley. But you should absolutely send an email. All it's asking for is a business plan and a photo. There's no risk to you whatsoever. And if by some crazy miracle this turns out to be legit, you'd have all the money you needed for your startup."

"I know," I gush excitedly, "Not to mention a summer in Vegas!"

"Maybe this employer is some super chic feminist business mogul, looking to help out an industrious young woman?" Kelly suggests.

"A feminist business mogul with a thing for Eastern-European women?" I ask.

"Hey, it takes all types," she shrugs. "Maybe she's Ukrainian or something and wants to pay it forward."

"OK..." I say slowly, "OK...I'm gonna do it."

"Hell yes!" Kelly exclaims, jumping up from the couch, "You write your application, I'll pour us a couple of drinks and stick around as your editor."

"By editor, you mean drinking buddy, right?"

"Obviously."

"I thought you wanted to go out?" I ask her.

"Oh, we're still going out. But not until you send this mysterious benefactor an email."

"Sometimes, I'm convinced that you're actually my fairy godmother," I tell her, setting my computer down on the coffee table.

"How do you know I'm not?" she winks, and skips into the kitchen for a couple glasses of whiskey.

I take a deep breath and open up a new email message, addressed to this anonymous employer. Here goes nothing, I guess. But what do I lead with? "To whom it may concern"? "What's up"? "Are you a weird pervert stalker"? Or simply...

Hello,

"That'll work," I mutter.

I'm writing in response to the Craigslist ad you posted earlier today, seeking a young business-minded woman for a summer internship opportunity. I would like very much to be considered, and, after reviewing your criteria, feel that I'm uniquely qualified for the position.

In a few short weeks, I'll be graduating from UC Berkeley with my masters in computer science. While many of my classmates will be pursuing opportunities in Silicon Valley, I'm more interested in the entrepreneurial route. My goal is get my own startup off the ground, and your assistance and resources could be instrumental to making that happen.

My hope is to start my own crowdfunding website, CrowdedNest.com. While many crowdfunding platforms are geared toward younger people, specific projects, and causes, CrowdedNest.com would allow young and old users alike to accept micro-donations to finance their retirements.

So many people in this economic environment are finding themselves unable to retire well into their golden years, if at all. The pensions and benefits that past generations relied on to see them through their post-employment lives simply aren't available anymore. I also hope to raise awareness in younger people about the importance of financial responsibility and saving for retirement early. There is still so much shame associated with accepting financial help in this country, even for our older citizens. It's my hope that CrowdedNest.com will eliminate some of that shame, make it easier for all people to talk about money, and enable more and more to live comfortably and with dignity into old age.

At the core of the business model is the ability for any friend or family member to be able to quickly and easily setup a trust account for someone, and then make micro-donations into the account, which the person cannot access until retirement age. The money in the trust will be invested in a hedge-fund or Vanguard target retirement fund. This way, someone who is unwilling or unable to invest in their own retirement can receive assistance from friends and loved ones and not be able to withdraw the funds early.

I'm an extremely industrious person, and have maintained a 4.0 GPA throughout my entire undergraduate and graduate career. I can assure you that this opportunity would not be wasted on me. I truly believe that CrowdedNest.com would be a valuable investment for you to make not only for yourself but for the world, and I hope that you'll consider taking me on.

I've attached a recent photo and my social media information, so that you can get a better sense of who I am. Please let me know if we can set up an interview.

All the best,

Kassenia Bennett.

P.S. As far as Eastern-European descent goes, I'm half Croatian on my mother's side and speak Croatian and Russian quite fluently. Just thought I'd let you know!

"Looks good to me," Kelly says, reading over my shoulder.

"Should I send it?" I ask nervously.

"If you don't, I will," she says.

I slowly drag the cursor across the screen and finally hit "send."

"It's out of my hands now!" I sigh.

"That's right!" Kelly grins, offering me a glass, "Let's drink to your whirlwind adventure to come!"

"We can't toast to that yet," I laugh, "We still don't even know if it's real. Or if I'm going to get an interview, much less the job."

"No," Kelly says, shaking her head, "This internship is yours. I can feel it. Remember, I said that something big was coming your way? I think this is it, Kassenia. I really do."

"Whatever you say, Kel," I smile, taking a sip of booze.

"Now that you've got the ball rolling on your future success, will you please come out with me?" she asks, producing a slender joint from her purse.

"I think I've just been persuaded," I smile.

We share the modest joint, nursing our drinks and talking excitedly about the job. The more we go on about it, the more I hope to God that it isn't just a dead end. I need something huge to shake up my life, to start me off on a new chapter of this existence. Lord knows, these last few chapters have been less-than-ideal.

Hand in hand, Kelly and I head out into the warm June night. For the first time in weeks, my heart feels just a little bit hopeful. It seems like there's something to look forward to again. Is all this just because of some Craigslist ad?

The night passes in mellow, contented waves. We find ourselves a little club off campus where a Bossa Nova band is playing for the night. We sway and swivel to the loose, sexy music, enjoying our easy high and each other's company. By the end of the night, I'm actually feeling happy. Comfortable. I almost don't know what to do with it. I pour myself into bed just before the sun comes up, looking forward to peaceful, slightly-stoned dreams.

But unfortunately, that's not what I get.

The second my slumbering mind is let off its leash, it drags me back to the dark, familiar nightmares I've come to know so well. But in the moment, of course, they feel as real as anything. I cower before my own visions, wishing that I knew how to wake myself up again. All of the fear, the resentment, the rage that I keep bottled up inside of me comes spilling through every corner of my mind as I sleep.

In my dream, I'm back at my parents' house in Fairfield, standing on the usually lush green lawn. But the grass beneath my feet is black, burned. Dead and crumbling. I make my way toward the house, wincing as the tiny stalks break beneath my feet like bones. I know exactly what I'll find inside, but I can't keep from moving forward. A wretched smell billows out from the open front door, suffocating me. And against every bit of will I have, I find myself walking into the house once more.

"Mom?" I call, "Rosie? Where are you?"

I know the answer, of course. But every time I hope for a different ending. I search the ground floor, noting the caked, dirty dishes in the sink, the TV that's still playing some muted tacky sitcom. Everything is still. Everything is silent. And I know what has to happen next.

With my heart in my throat, I start to climb the stairs, past dozens of school pictures featuring me and my sister. In the most recent photo, Rosalie is only sixteen years old. I wonder what she would have looked like at twenty-one? Forty? Ninety? But of course, I'll never know. Because the only way I'll ever be able to picture her again is in this next moment.

I pad down the hallway toward Rosie's room, ghostly tears streaming down my cheeks already. I don't want to look. I can't stand to. But I don't have a choice. I nudge open her bedroom door, looking around at all of her things. A half-finished self portrait sits on her easel, by the bay window. Volumes of poetry and dozens of journals litter her writing desk. And there, on the far side of the room, is her wrought iron daybed.

"Rosie?" I whisper, edging forward, "Rosie, please be awake-"

My sister lays on her side, facing the wall. Her raven hair is splayed gorgeously across her pillow. I look desperately for the rise and fall of her sleeping breath, but she is perfectly, irrevocably still. Fingers trembling, I reach for her. I lay my hand on her slender shoulder, pulling it away at once as if burned. My disturbance nudges her just enough, and she shifts just a hair, rolling onto her back. My eyes fall on that face I know as well as my own-

And it's my own shrieking wails that tear me out of sleep, back into the real world. I'm back in my Berkeley apartment, my face wet with tears. I sit bolt upright in my lonely little bed, throwing my arms around my knees and weeping with abandon. Damn it-I honestly thought that I was over these nightmares. Isn't four years long enough to be terrorized by these demons every time I close my eyes?

I cradle my head in my hands, willing those images to flee from my mind. The craziest thing is, I wasn't even there the night my family died. Never saw my sister, lifeless in her bed. I was away at UCONN, probably slaving over some stupid paper. But imagining what it must have been like is enough to haunt my dreams. And every time I dream of them like that, all I can think is that I should have been there with them.

I should have been there with them.

I manage to pull myself out of bed, shaking off the nightmare as I have countless times before. After all these years, I've learned how to live with my grief. The only thing to do is wake up each morning and keep on living. If not for me, then for the family I lost.

CHAPTER FOUR

Before I know it, two days have passed. Time has been working strangely in my life, lately. The minutes crawl by, but the days themselves fly. I check my email inbox like a woman possessed, waiting for some word from my Craigslist venture capitalist. That strange ad set off a flare of hope inside of me, but it's fading away with every hour that goes by. After two days, it's all but extinguished. I should have known better than to get my hopes up. When has anything ever worked out for me, after all?

I'm mired in another round of intense studying early Tuesday morning. Kelly and I wasted our weekend nights partying once again, and I'm feeling the pressure to catch up on all of my work. Coffee in one hand, notes in the other, I lose myself to theories and facts, burrowing away from the real world once again.

By midday, I'm in desperate need of a break. I close my textbooks, rub my eyes, and gather my long hair into a messy bun at the nape of my neck. I flop down on by bed and pull my laptop toward me. I'm just about to open up my Facebook tab when I spot a new email waiting in my inbox. After two days of furious email-checking, I've pretty much given up hope of hearing from my mystery employer. But I can't help but check at once, just in case. I pull up my inbox and try to be nonchalant as I open up the new message. It's from an address I've never seen before, and the subject line reads,

Re: Ambitious Beauty

"Holy shit..." I whisper, scrambling onto my knees, "Holy shit, this is it!"

I pore over the rest of the message as if my life depends on it. Because hey, for all I know, it just might.

Dear Kassenia,

Thank you for showing such an eager interest in my internship. I'd like to apologize for my late response. I've been rather inundated with applications on top of my usual business obligations. But your response to my ad jumped off the page, and I wanted to take the time to get back to you as soon as I could.

Now that we're officially corresponding, I can tell you that my name is Declan Tiberi.

"Declan Tiberi?" I mutter, tasting his name on my lips. "Nice name, guy."

I quickly open a new tab and punch "Declan Tiberi" into the search engine. At once, my screen is flooded with web results-articles, interviews, and so many pictures. This is not some cloistered, pimply tech geek I'm dealing with, after all.

"Good goddamn," I whistle, scrolling through page after page of images. The man featured in each and every shot is absolutely smoking.

He's a towering tank of a man, way over six feet tall and two hundred pounds, if I had to guess. His tan skin stretches like silk over sculpted muscles, each one cut to perfection. His chestnut brown hair hangs in loose curls-just long enough to be sexy and shaggy. Tattoos are scrawled all over his body, some of the biker variety, others that look more militaristic. But his eyes are what really knocks the wind out of me. They're a crystal clear, utterly penetrating shade of blue. Oddly enough, they rather match my own.

In every photo, Declan is either dressed in an impeccably cut suit or professional boxing attire. I do double-take after double-take, making sure that it's the same man in each set of images. I must have missed the part of Career Day dedicated to being a business-tycoon-slash-bruiser. Who is this half-venture capitalist, half-professional athlete? And what in the world is he doing posting fantasy internships on Craigslist? More intrigued than ever, I turn my eyes back to his email.

I live and work in Las Vegas, Nevada. Primarily, I am a venture capitalist and entrepreneur. I have various other hobbies and interests that will no doubt surface when you search for me online.

"It's like you're reading my mind, Mr. Tiberi," I smile.

To cut to the chase, Kassenia, I think that your business idea is very intriguing and has a lot of potential. I would love to set up an interview with you in the coming days. You could very well be the right person for this job, but I have to meet with you in person to be sure. I would like it very much should you turn out to be my next investment.

Interesting that he says "you" and not "your startup" when referring to his next investment. Surely, that was just a slip of the keyboard.

I'm sure that you'd prefer to meet in a public place, since we are, as yet, strangers. I can travel to the location of your choosing. Starbucks, etc. is fine. Just tell me where I can meet you, and what date/time is best.

Looking forward,

Declan.

I stare at my computer screen, mouth hanging wide open. My eyes shift frantically between Declan's email, the photos of him as a dashing business man, and the images of him in full boxing gear. My head is spinning as I try to pin this guy down. What the hell gives? There are so many facets to this person, none of which add up. I read article after article about him, hoping to gain some insight. Nothing wrong with doing a little research, is there?

By all accounts, he is who he claims to be in his email. At least, according to my mainstream online sources. A couple of online profiles go into his career as a venture capitalist, mentioning that he first arrived in Las Vegas to pursue a career as a professional boxer. Once he started making good money from his fighting career, I guess he started investing it wisely in tech startups, just as Silicone Valley was becoming a "thing". It seems that he served some time in the military, serving overseas in Iraq and Afghanistan in the Navy. More specific information about his time in the armed forces is nowhere to be found. So my mystery employer is a rich, sexy, successful business man/athlete/soldier?

Sure. Why not.

There's no doubt about it, this whole thing is totally fucking insane. I'd have to be a crazy person to move ahead with all of this. The very prospect of meeting with this guy has me further outside my comfort zone than I've ever been before in my life. But I'm starting to wonder if maybe, just maybe...that's not such a bad thing?

As terrified as I am of change, uncertainty, and success, I've never been more excited about anything than the chance to work with Declan Tiberi. If I don't at least meet with him, and hear more about what he's up to, I know that I'll regret it for the rest of my life. Not to mention the fact that Kelly will totally kick my ass if I don't reply right this minute. I know that it's risky, but where has living by the rule book gotten me? I'm lonely, and bored, and missing out on my own life.

"What's the worst that could happen?" I ask myself, opening a new message to reply to this Tiberi character.

Dear Mr. Tiberi,

Thank you for responding to my inquiry. I'm delighted to hear that you're interested in working with me. I'd love to meet with you sometime this week, tomorrow is particularly good for me. Please let me know what you'd like me to have prepared. I'm living just off the UC Berkeley campus, so if you'd like to meet me at the Starbucks on Oxford Street, that would be great. Looking forward to meeting with you.

All the best,

Kassenia

I push "send" before I can second guess myself. Of course, the instant my message disappears into the ether, I realize my stupidity. I slap my palm against my forehead-I can't believe I've already botched this! I've just asked this man to meet me in Berkeley, CA tomorrow. He lives in Las Vegas. I can't demand a trip like that from him. He'll probably blow me off for being so inconsiderate. Face burning, I hurry to send off another quick message.

Hi Mr. Tiberi,

I just realized that my suggested date/time for our interview is probably not doable for you, given the distance between our locations. I'd be more than happy to have a video conference, if you'd rather not travel out to California. Let me know what you think.

Kassenia

I send off my revision and pull myself up, making a beeline to the shower to wash away my annoyance with myself. But before I've gone three steps, my computer chirps again. Another new email? No way it's from Declan...But wouldn't you know it, he's already written back.

Kassenia,

I'll meet you tomorrow at 3pm. Bring your business plan.

Declan

I stare, flummoxed, at the screen. I'm officially bewildered, and hopelessly intrigued, by this person. His background, his manner, his mystery all have me disoriented and deeply curious. One thing is for sure-I've never met another person like Declan Tiberi in my life.

And our interview is tomorrow.

I fly into action, setting aside my studies and freelance work entirely. Energized and excited, I spruce up my business plan for CrowdedNest.com. I organize my ideas, evidence, data, and budget proposition. I need to present an excellent investment opportunity for this man if I'm going to score this internship...and the $250,000 that comes along with it. My head swims, thinking about that kind of money. Tomorrow afternoon has to go perfectly.

But as confident as I am about putting together a kickass business plan, I know that I'm going to need a lot of backup in other areas of my presentation. One thing is certain-I need my best friend's help on this one.

I only have to text Kelly a few words to get her to my door:

Meeting the mystery man tomorrow. Makeover?

In a heartbeat, she's practically busting down my door, begging for details. Kelly's already excitable by nature, so this particular piece of news has her foaming at the mouth.

"Tell me everything," she gushes, grabbing my hands.

"Well, the guy's name is Declan Tiberi," I tell her.

"Whoa," she breathes, "How exotic."

"Eccentric is more like it," I reply, "The guy is a crazy rich venture capitalist, a professional boxer, and an ex-soldier."

"Loaded, strong, and brave," she says, "Please don't tell me all of that is wasted in some awful, lumpy body."

"Not exactly," I say, pulling up a picture of Declan on my computer.

"Holy Christ," she hisses, drooling at my screen, "That's him?!"

"That's him," I say.

"This is the guy who you could potentially be spending the summer with. In Vegas."

"So it would seem."

"Kassie...You better give one hell of an interview tomorrow."

"Tell me something I don't know!" I laugh, "That's why I need your help."

"Of course," she says, "Where do we start?"

"How about with what the hell I'm going to wear?"

"Well, show me what you were thinking."

I throw on my standard interview outfit: a pair of black slacks, a striped button-up, hair in a low ponytail, minimal makeup. When Kelly catches a glimpse of me, she seriously looks like she's about to throw up.

"What?" I ask anxiously.

"What do you mean, 'what'?" she shoots back, "What the hell are you wearing?"

"It's called business casual," I tell her.

"It's called boner-killer-deluxe," she laughs, shaking her head. "It's a damn good thing you drafted me for this."

She spends the next hour digging through my wardrobe, dressing me up in outfit after outfit, searching for the perfect look. I put myself entirely in her hands. I've always had more of a simple, girl-next-door kind of style, but Kelly's an expert about this dressing up stuff. Finally, we manage to find a look that we can both agree upon.

I give myself a once-over in the floor length mirror. A pitch black pencil skirt hugs my slender thighs and firm ass, and a low-cut cobalt blouse brings out the blue in my eyes. My hair is swept back into the perfect Mad Men-style up-do, and I balance on a pair of tall black stilettos. The finishing touch? A pair of vintage stockings with thin black seams running up the backs of my legs. Sexy but subtle.

"You're a miracle worker," I say to Kelly, turning this way and that in front of the mirror.

"Sure am," she smiles, "But it helps to have a gorgeous girl like you to style. This Declan guy is a goner. There's no way you're not going to get this gig."

"If that's the case, then why am I so nervous about tomorrow?"

"It's a big deal," Kelly says, "The opportunity is once-in-a-lifetime, you've said it yourself. No wonder you've got the jitters."

"Do you think I should still be skeptical about this guy?" I ask, "I mean, he could still be a creep. Just because he's handsome, doesn't mean his intentions are squeaky clean."

"I bet you'll be able to tell when you meet him," Kelly says, "Your instincts will tell you what's up. You should be interviewing him as much as he's interviewing you. You've got a great idea for a startup, and you're super talented at what you do. He'd be as lucky to have you as you'd be to get that money."

"Shucks," I smile.

"I'm serious," she says. "Where are you meeting this guy, anyway?"

"Campus Starbucks," I tell her.

"He's coming from Las Vegas...tomorrow?" she gapes. "What's he gonna do, fly a helicopter in?"

"For all I know, he might," I shrug.

"Listen, if you want a little back up, I don't mind coming with you to the coffee shop," Kelly says, "I can sit at another table and make sure he doesn't try to kidnap you or anything."

"That would actually be great, Kel."

"It's a plan," she says, "You'd better rest up tonight, Kassie. Tomorrow's a big day."

"I can feel it," I tell her, "I'm ready."

But despite my eagerness for the next day to go well, I find it impossible to get a wink of sleep that night. I'm too excited-like a kid before Christmas. But it makes sense. I suspect that meeting Declan is a gift, in a way. A spectacular business opportunity with a bow on top. And maybe my chance for a little life experience too, at long last.

When sleep finally does come, my usual nightmares are nowhere to be found. Instead of being plagued by horrific images of my past, my dreams are bursting with hopes for my brilliant future. I dream of the sprawling Las Vegas strip, the neon lights and gushing fountains. I dream about the elegant parties, the glamorous hotels, the fascinating people I could meet. But more than anything else, I dream of Declan Tiberi-the elusive, enigmatic man who could very well alter the course of my life. In my nighttime imaginings, he smiles at me knowingly, intimately. Like he already knows that we're going to be very, very important to each other.

CHAPTER FIVE

It's five minutes until three, the day of my interview with Declan Tiberi. I'm perched at a table for two at the campus Starbucks, sitting right up against the window. I want to see my potential employer the minute he pulls into the parking lot, try and get a read on him before he even sits down. I'd be lying through my teeth if I said I wasn't nervous, but it's an excited, thrilling kind of nervous. I'm ready for this.

I glance up at Kelly, who's sitting across the room with her laptop open in front of her. She gives me a reassuring nod, telling me that she's got my back. I smile shakily and take a sip of my mocha latte-a personal favorite treat. A little chocolate comfort is going a long way right about now. I've got a thick folder sitting on the table before me, stuffed with resumes, recommendations, and my fine-tuned business plan. I'm as prepared as I'll ever be.

Let's do this, Tiberi, I think to myself.

My peace of mind is interrupted by the ripping, roaring sound of a motorcycle engine. The noise tears through the coffee shop, and I seriously wonder if the window is about to shatter all over me. I look up toward the source of the sound and spot a Harley flying into the Starbucks parking lot. My ears are ringing as the bike swings to a stop, leaving a crescent shaped tire mark on the asphalt. Looks like somebody likes to make an entrance, I think, giving the driver a thorough once-over.

The guy is as staggeringly built as the bike he now climbs off of. He's wearing faded blue jeans and a well-worn black leather cut over a plain black tee shirt. On the back of his cut, a pair of dice that's rolled a nine is emblazoned in white. Arching over the image in bold, scrolling calligraphy are the words Dante's Nine; and beneath, Las Vegas, NV. The driver lifts off his helmet and shakes out a mane of short chestnut curls...

"Oh my God," I whisper, as the man leans back against his bike, nursing a cigarette he must have been smoking on the road. After hours of internet searching, I'd know that sculpted profile anywhere: the strong, scruffy jaw, the aquiline nose, the perfect cheekbones... As the man swings his piercing blue eyes toward the coffee shop, a bolt of recognition runs through me like lightening.

That's Declan Tiberi.

Wait. That's Declan Tiberi?

I can't help but gape as that perfectly balanced body swings toward the coffee shop. He takes one last drag of his cigarette and flicks it away, sending a trail of sparks dancing along the pavement. His gait is not so much a saunter-he doesn't need to try that hard to look cool. His movement is all effortless power and prowess. This is a man who knows how to get what he wants, when he wants it. And from his last email, it would seem that what he wants right now is for me to work with him.

"Christ," I catch my breath, "What have I gotten myself into?"

I can hear Kelly gasp audibly from the other side of the room as she catches sight of my interviewer. Glancing her way, I watch her lips mouth the words, Holy shit, Kassie.

No kidding, I mouth back.

If I sprinted, I could probably get out the back door before this bad boy made it inside. Should I abandon ship, get out while I still can? There's no way in hell this Harley-riding thug has two-hundred fifty thousand dollars lying around to invest in my startup. If I had any sense whatsoever, I'd beat it. But I can't make myself stand up to go. Despite all the red flags and inconsistencies, I can't write this guy off just yet. His presence has me hypnotized, rooted to my seat. I can't look away as his rippling, impressive form advances, not that I want to. I have to at least meet him, I decide.

No harm in that...Right?

The front door of the coffee shop swings open, and in walks the man himself. I'm surprised that his broad shoulders even fit through the doorframe. He strides into the joint, scanning the tables with those bottomless blue eyes of his. Finally, his gaze lands on me, and I immediately forget how to breathe. I sit, rooted to my chair, staring at him like an idiot. I can feel his attention on my bare legs, the low dip of my blouse, everywhere. Recognition lifts the corners of his full lips in an irresistible smile, and I feel my every cell liquefying. What in the world is the matter with me?

He's just a good-looking man, I chide myself, as Declan walks my way. The most good-looking, interesting, exciting man I've ever encountered in my life, that is...

"Kassenia Bennett?" he asks, coming to a stop before my table. His voice is rich and smoky-like dark chocolate and good whiskey.

"That's me," I manage to reply, holding my hand out for him to shake.

"I'm Declan Tiberi," he says, closing his fingers around mine, "It's a pleasure to meet you in person."

Sensation roars along my nerve endings, shooting up my arm from where his skin meets mine. As gently as I can, I remove my hand from his-fearing that I might catch fire if I go on touching him any longer. I run a hand over my elegant up do, hoping that he can't see my heart beating like a hammer through my chest. For his part, Declan seems cool and composed, all easy confidence and charisma. I notice quite a few sets of eyes swing his way around the room, male and female alike. It's hard not to take notice of so striking a man as Declan Tiberi.

"This is a pretty charming town," he says, amiably, setting his cut frame into the chair across from mine, "Not quite as exciting as Vegas, to be fair, but what is?"

I remember suddenly that Declan's traveled all the way from Nevada for this meeting. But how can that be possible if he came by motorcycle?

"You must be exhausted, having come from Vegas," I say.

"Not really," he shrugs, "I made good time."

"Isn't it an eight hour drive from there?" I ask, "You must have set off at five, or-"

"I shaved a couple hours off the trip," he grins, "What can I say? I like to drive fast."

I gape at him across the table. Add "daredevil" to the list of things this man happens to be, I guess.

"But enough about my travel habits," Declan says, leaning his forearms on the table, "Let's get down to business, shall we?"

"Sounds good," I say, pushing my folder of business plans and projections his way.

Declan takes it up in his hands, pretending to be startled by the weight of it. I smile softly, taken by his sense of humor. He opens the folder and thumbs through the pages, taking stock of my efforts. I expect him skim my plans and offer some vague feedback-if I'm honest, he doesn't look much like the intellectual type. Not that I mind his looks a bit-I never thought I was one for the bad boy sort, but it's kind of working for me right now. I just have a hard time believing that the man in front of me is any sort of entrepreneurial genius. How could he be?

"This all looks solid, Kassenia," he says, reading over my mission statement once again, "You must have done a lot of market research leading up to your initial planning."

"Oh..." I say, taken aback by his incisive comment, "I guess so."

"Or was the seed of this idea more experiential?" he presses on.

"I...a little bit of both, I guess," I stammer. Great, now I look like a dumbass for being surprised by his smarts. I need to get it together, and fast.

"Let me guess," he smiles, "You weren't expecting me to roll up on a Harley."

"Am I that transparent?" I ask, smiling sheepishly.

"I'm used to surprising people," Declan shrugs, "I'm sorry if I caught you off guard, Kassenia. The last thing I want is to make you feel uncomfortable. I'm sure you were expecting a suit and tie, since this is technically a business meeting and all."

"Either a suit and tie or boxing gloves," I say, daring to be playful.

"Ah. So you've looked me up," Declan grins, leaning back in his chair.

"I may have done a little research, sure," I say, "You can't blame a girl for being curious. Your ad was not exactly...conventional."

"I think you'll find that there are many unconventional things about me," he replies, "But you know what, Kassenia? I'm guessing that I could say the same about you."

Our eyes lock across the table, my hands tightening like a vice around my cup. I'm startled, and more than a little turned on, by the intensity that sears between us. If he can do that with just a look, then what can the rest of that body do?

"Can you tell me a little bit about how the idea for your startup came together for you?" Declan asks, moving our interview along at last. His gaze is open and enthusiastic, rather than challenging. He actually wants to hear what I have to say. I'm not sure if I've ever experienced that while talking to a man...ever.

"Well," I begin, collecting myself, "I grew up in a pretty affluent part of the country-Fairfield, Connecticut, to be exact. All of the families in my neighborhood were carefree, when it came to money, until the economic crisis hit. It was startling, watching all of these people's lives turn upside down. And it wasn't just my town, of course. The entire country had to relearn what it meant to have to struggle, to prepare for the future."

"Don't I know that," Declan whistles.

"The ideas of saving and retirement have totally changed," I go on, "But our perception and expectations have remained fixed. So now, there's this level of shame that goes along with not having enough money to retire at the 'right' age. And that embarrassment and insecurity can be...devastating."

Unbidden, my father's face swims up in my mind's eye. The expression he wears is one of weariness, self-pity, hopelessness. I shake the image out of my head before it can overwhelm me. I focus instead on Declan, wanting to push ahead with my pitch.

"It sounds like you have some personal experience with this matter?" Declan asks, gently.

"You could say that," I reply, not wanting to delve into specifics, "That's how this idea really got lodged in my mind. How to rejigger methods of saving for retirement to reflect the state of the economy? It occurred to me that crowdfunding could be the answer. After all, friends and families are always chipping in a little monetary help around milestones that occur early in life-birthdays, bar mitzvahs, weddings-why not throw in $10 every year to help fund the important milestone of retirement?"

"I can see the marketing campaign already," Declan smiles.

"Right," I say excitedly, "It's a totally accessible idea. Or at least I think so."

"I think so too," Declan says, raising his eyebrows, "That's why I'm here. I was very impressed by your initial response to my ad, and I have to say that I'm even more impressed having met you in person. You seem like a mature, savvy businessperson. It's a rare quality."

"I'm glad," I say, thrilled by his approval. The way he lets his eyes rest on me, I get the feeling that it's more than just my business prowess he approves of. Despite myself, I lean forward just a hair, letting the neckline of my blouse reveal a little more decolletage. The gesture does not go unnoticed by my potential employer, either.

"Do you have any questions about the internship itself?" Declan goes on, keeping his cool, "I hope you don't mind that I had to be somewhat vague in the ad. Have to protect myself from being overwhelmed with responses."

"Not at all," I say, "Though I'd love to hear more about what the summer would entail."

"Certainly," Declan smiles, "Basically, should you sign on for the internship, you'd move to Las Vegas for the summer and develop your startup with me as your mentor. I'm a rather hands-on kind of teacher."

I wouldn't mind those hands on me, I think brazenly.

"I'd set you up with a place to stay in my apartment building, right on the strip. Most of the day would be yours to spend how you wish, though I'd require your presence at some networking and professional events. Cocktail parties, fundraisers, social events. Do you gamble at all, Kassenia?"

I hesitate at his question. What's the correct response here?

"I...uh...enjoy a game of blackjack," I say carefully.

A rowdy bark of laughter escapes Declan's throat. "That's what I like to hear," he says, "You'd be amazed how much business gets done around a blackjack table."

"I'll bet," I say, "No pun intended. But as for the actual launching of my startup-"

"Oh yes," Declan says, "Here's the deal. I'm looking to invest $250,000 in a new idea that I think can really take off. I'm not looking for a huge cut of the profits, either. Ten percent would do just fine."

"Ten percent?" I say, surprised.

"Is that unfavorable to you?" he asks.

"It's just...so low," I reply. "You're bringing everything to the table practically, it's a huge risk. "

"I don't need a whole lot more money," Declan winks, "I'm just looking to help out a deserving young entrepreneur. Like yourself. I would have liked the same leg up when I was getting started. Would have saved me a whole lot of heartache."

A thousand questions are ricocheting around my mind. What's the deal with the bad boy/businessman personality split, here? Where do military service and professional boxing figure into his life as a venture capitalist? What, exactly, is Dante's Nine all about? How can Declan be all these things at the same time? Why did he only ask for female applications, and what the hell was with the Eastern European thing? Is this guy for real, or am I walking into some horrible trap right now?

"You look concerned," Declan smiles, "What's on your mind, Kassenia?"

"To be perfectly honest, Declan," I say, "I suppose I'm wondering what the catch might be, here."

He laughs again-not meanly, but with something like appreciation. "Good for you for asking," he says, "I like a bit of moxie in my business associates. You're right. This whole thing must sound completely insane. And you know what? I'm not claiming that it isn't a bit of an odd arrangement I'm proposing. But if you get to know me, Kassenia, I think you'll find that I'm someone who likes to play by his own rules."

"Oh, I think I can already see that from where I'm sitting," I smile.

"And I think I can already see that you're just like me, that way," he says, leaning forward conspiratorially.

I feel a blush creeping into my cheeks at his sudden intimacy. This guy can bowl me over with a single smile. That kind of power is not something I'm used to, not something that I've ever come in contact with before. I realize, sitting there with him, that I'm terrified of Declan Tiberi. Terrified, and intrigued, and ready to follow wherever he leads.

"So, what do you think, Kassenia?" he says, "Are you interested in the internship? Because I'm very interested in you taking it."

"I'm...Yes," I breathe, my heartbeat picking up speed, "I'm very interested."

"Good," he grins, "That's very good."

"Are you, um...interviewing other people?" I ask.

"I don't think I'll have to, if you want the job," he says, "But before we make anything official, there are a few additional details that you'll need to be privy to."

"Oh?" I ask. This is it, the catch. What "details" is he going to give me now? And how outrageous are his conditions going to be?

"Everything you need to know is outlined here," he says, pulling a plain white envelope out of his cut, "I'll leave it with you now and let you consider it on your own. When you've reviewed my terms and come to your decision, you can get in touch with me regarding your answer."

"Oh. OK," I say, taking the envelope in my hands, "That's it?"

"That's it," he says, pulling himself to standing, "It was very nice to meet you, Kassenia. I hope this won't be the last time we see each other."

"I...Me too," I stammer, smiling up at him. I see his eyes flick away from mine for just a second, raking down along my body. I can feel the heat of his gaze across my firm bust, my wide hips. I find myself hoping, ridiculously, the he likes what he sees.

"Do be in touch," he says, resting his hand lightly on mine where it sits on the table. Another electric thrill runs up along my skin where his fingers graze. My mouth falls open in silent awe, and I'm rendered too speechless to even manage a simple "goodbye". All at once, he turns to go. I watch him make his way back through the coffee shop and out to his bike. Now that his back is turned, I let myself drink in the sight of him with abandon. Men like Declan are only supposed to exist in the movies-or Greek mythology. Yet here he is, having walked right into my dull little life.

Declan lights himself another cigarette, looking for the world like James Dean's older, more mysteriously dangerous brother. He swings a leg over the seat and pulls his helmet down over his head, cigarette held easily between his lips. His eyes dart my way one last time, and he shoots me a wicked wink through the coffee shop window. My heart skips at least three beats as he takes off on his Harley. Another roar of his engine suspends every conversation in the shop, and then he's gone once more. And though we only shared each other's company for a few minutes, I feel like an entirely new person already.

I slouch back in my chair, utterly shell-shocked in his wake. It isn't until Kelly comes tearing across the room that I remember where I am. I look up, surprised, at my best friend's excited face.

"Holy. Fucking. Shit," she hisses, sinking down into the chair across from me, "I can't believe that was him! Did that really just happen? I don't even know what to say, Kass."

"That makes two of us," I say, bemused.

"What did you talk about? What is he like?" she gushes, "Tell me everything. And what's in that envelope?"

I look down at the little white rectangle in my hands. Curiosity takes over, and I rip into the envelope like a madwoman. A thick contract is waiting for my signature inside, along with a handwritten note from Declan:

Kassenia,

Though we've yet to sit down together, I can already say that it was great to meet you today, and I think your business idea is fantastic. This interview was really just a formality-I knew that I wanted to hire you the second I read your application. I hope you don't mind my being thorough by coming to meet you in person. You can never be too careful in choosing new business partners.

With my help, your website will be a sure bet. I'm offering you the internship, along with the $250,000 dollar trust. There is one catch, of course: You have to move to Las Vegas for the summer in order to receive the money. This is non-negotiable, as far as I'm concerned. This is necessary for two reasons-Firstly: so that we can work closely every day to get your idea up and running, and so that you can network with some of my associates who also live in Vegas. Like I said, I will provide you with a very nice place to stay, it's all taken care of. Secondly: You could stand to have a little fun, I think. A beautiful young woman like yourself shouldn't be languishing in Berkeley doing freelance coding.

Please think long and hard on this, make sure you agree with all the terms. Weigh the risks versus the potential reward, and make the decision that's right for you, I know you'll make the smart choice. Please let me know by tomorrow what you decide.

Declan

I stare at the page, reading over Declan's words again and again. Kelly is waiting for details with bated breath, but I'm actually shocked into silence.

"Looks like we need to relocate back to your place," my best friend says. "A mocha latte is fine and all, but some pinot noir might be what this day calls for.

CHAPTER SIX

By the time midnight rolls around, Kelly and I are reduced to sitting on the floor of my living room, two bottles of wine gone between us. Declan's contract sits on the coffee table, staring up at me. I train my eyes on the thick document, as if studying it will help me come to some kind of a decision. But after hours of consideration, I'm no closer to knowing what I should do.

"What scares you the most about taking this job?" Kelly asks, her voice sleepy. "Can you narrow it down to one thing?"

"That's the thing," I reply, "What scares me is that there doesn't seem to be a downside to this whole arrangement."

"But isn't that a good thing?" she presses, resting her head on my shoulder. "It sounds like a really cushy setup. A summer in Vegas, a gorgeous man to drool over, all the money you need to start your business-"

"There's a downside to everything," I insist, shaking my head, "Nothing good happens in life without some major blowback. I know that for sure."

"Maybe you're just a pessimist," Kelly says.

"Do you blame me?" I ask, taking another sip of wine, "After everything that's happened to me-everything that happened to my family-can you really fault me for being skeptical of no-strings-attached happiness?"

"No, of course not," Kelly says, taking my hand in hers, "I'm sorry, Kassie."

"It's OK, Kel," I say, "It's just so hard. I feel like I can't trust anything good that happens to me, let alone trust anyone to be good to me. Besides you, of course."

"Of course," she replies.

"It's just...growing up, everything about my family's life seemed perfect. But really, there was so much lurking in the shadows, waiting to swallow us whole. What if this whole thing with Declan Tiberi is just like that?"

"Kassie, what happened to your family was a tragedy," Kelly says, "But just because one terrible thing happens in your life, doesn't mean nothing good will ever come along."

"I'm sure you're right," I sigh, "But I can't seem to accept it."

"Don't you think they'd want you to go for this, your family?" Kelly urges gently, "Think about how excited Rosie would be for you, if she knew about this job. She'd be pushing you out the front door herself."

I smile sadly, thinking of my little sister. No doubt about it, she'd be so excited for me right now. My parents would probably have simultaneous heart attacks, imagining me in Vegas, but I'm sure that even my uptight dad could have gotten behind a $250,000 angel investment.

"I wish they were around to give me some advice," I whisper, "I disagreed with my parents about so much, but they were still my family. You know?"

"I know," Kelly says, "And it's incredible that you've done so well for yourself, having to navigate life on your own. It's so unfair that you lost them, Kassie. And even more unfair that it happened the way it did. But it wasn't your fault, and there's nothing you can do to change that now. If anything, I think the universe owes you some happiness after all this time. Don't you think?"

"I don't think the universe gives a single rat's ass about my happiness," I reply, "But that's a pretty thought, Kelly."

"Why don't you at least sleep on it," Kelly urges, "Don't make your decision until tomorrow. OK?"

"OK," I agree, "I guess I can manage that."

We pick ourselves up off the floor and I say good night to Kelly as she heads back to her place. I take a minute to wash my face and brush my teeth before jumping right into bed. But as I lay there I can hardly fall asleep, knowing that Declan's contract is in the next room, as yet unsigned. Slumber finally claims me, dragging me once again into my ever-turbulent dreams.

The first thing I notice, as I slide beneath the surface of my own waking mind, is how very light I feel. It's as though my body is drifting through space, unbound by gravity or any worldly cares. But it isn't just my body that feels weightless, it's my mind, too. I feel unburdened, and unworried, and dare I say...happy? I'd almost forgotten that I knew what happy felt like, but there it is.

There he is.

I wake early the next morning and make myself a cup of coffee, trying not to let my sexy dreams from the night before distract me too much from the task at hand. I knew that I was attracted to Declan Tiberi-who wouldn't be? With his gruff but intelligent manner, that incredible body, those blazing eyes of his...But I've never known an attraction that went all the way to my subconscious. What I feel for this guy is something else.

I pace around my living room, steaming mug of joe in my hands. My mind reels through all the facets of this decision. To accept the job or not to accept the job, that is certainly the question. But there's no way to make a reasonable choice without at least looking over the contract, right? I'll just give the papers a look, see if there's any information that Declan's been keeping from me. Then, I'll be able to say for sure whether I want to take the internship or not.

Settling down on the couch, I pore over the contract with eager eyes. The first few pages are pretty standard, outlining the terms we've already talked about. I, the intern, will travel to Las Vegas for the summer where Declan, the employer, will provide room and board for the duration of my stay. A two-hundred fifty thousand dollar ($250,000) trust will be created, and signed over to me if the summer goes well. It is up to Declan whether or not he wants to invest in my company by the end of our time working together, but if he chooses to, he will have a 10% stake in any profits made from CrowdedNest.com. So far, everything seems pretty legit.

I'm almost about to flip to the end of the contract and sign on the dotted line when a short, stand-alone clause catches my eye. It's right at the end of the penultimate page, nestled among some lengthy legalese passages.

In the event that the Intern falls in love with Declan Tiberi during the course of the summer internship, this contract will be deemed null and void and the Intern will lose everything.

I have to swallow hard to keep from spitting coffee all over the page.

"What the hell?" I choke, re-reading the strange little passage. But my eyes do not deceive me. It's really right there in the contract that I'm not allowed to fall in love with Declan over the course of my internship. Images from my dreams flood through my guilty, embarrassed mind all at once.

How presumptuous do you have to be to include a thing like that in a legal document? My cheeks are burning as I wonder if Declan put that clause in for my benefit alone. How could he have known that I'd be interested in him, even before our interview? Is he making sure I get the message loud and clear that he's not into me? And what the hell could "losing everything" mean in this circumstance? Hell if I know.

I lean back against the couch, letting the contract fall to the floor. I'm past the point of being shocked by any strange twist in this job offer. It's a strange, unprecedented agreement, that's for sure. But this one little extra layer of weirdness can't be a deal breaker, after all this. I'm a little annoyed that Declan assumes I'm the type of girl who falls in love that easily, but I'll get over it. Hell, I've never had a relationship with a guy in my life, and certainly haven't slept with anyone. I'd say I'm more likely to get struck by lightning, twice, than to fall in love with Declan Tiberi. Sure, I'll desire the hell out of him, but that's not the same thing. Kassenia Bennett is not a girl who falls in love, sexy bad boy boss be damned.

"Fuck it," I mutter, snatching the contract up from the floor, "What have I got to lose?"

I sign and date Declan's contract, feeling my blood rush through my veins as I do. This feels momentous, somehow. It's like I've just signed away a bit of my heart and soul. But for $250k, I think I can handle it. I have no idea what to expect, working with a man like Declan Tiberi, but I know that it's going to change my life, one way or another.

Contract signed, I all but skip over to my phone. Declan's cell number is listed within the document, and I shoot him a quick message.

Hey Declan. It's Kassenia. I just looked over and signed the contract. Will mail it to you today. Let me know how you'd like to proceed with arrangements for the summer. Really excited to start working with you!

I've barely raised my coffee mug back to my lips when my phone dings with a message received. Sure enough, it's from Declan's number.

Kassenia, that's great news. Did you make sure to thoroughly review the contract before signing? I want you to be absolutely positive before you agree to this internship. We both have a lot riding on this partnership, and I need you to be certain.

I frown at his reply. My whole look-before-leaping thing with sending off this contract is getting weighed down by his insistence that I be sure. For all his daredevil, bad boy energy, I guess he really is a shrewd businessman after all.

I'm certain, Declan. I admit, there were a couple of unexpected clauses in the contract, but I assure you that I agree to all of your conditions. You don't have to worry about me.

That should do the trick, I think. I all but spelled out, "I'm not going to fall in love with you, dude." My phone goes off once more, and I snatch it up.

That's good to hear. I just want to be very clear and honest from the get go. That's what good business relationships are built on, right? You should focus on your finals for the next few weeks while I get things all set up here. Your internship will commence on June 1st. I will arrange to have you driven to Las Vegas on that date. Pack what you like, you won't be wanting for space. See you soon. - D

And just like that, I've signed on for a summer working side by side with the enigmatic Declan Tiberi. I look around my humble apartment, all of my threadbare and second hand belongings. In less than a month, I'm going to be living on the Las Vegas strip. Since I lost my family, I've been living pretty far from any sort of comfort. I wonder what it will do to me, being around all of that excess, all that money?

After all, it was money that really destroyed my family. Sure, my dad's ambition sealed our fates, but it was greed and the need for luxury that really caused our downfall. We'd grown so accustomed to the finer things in life, my dad just couldn't deal when it seemed like all of that was going to slip away. His drastic measures were his way of making sure we didn't lead ordinary lives. I shake my head, marveling at his backwards logic.

"Well Dad," I mutter, "My life is going to be anything but ordinary from now on. No thanks to you."

I'm not going to be like him, no matter how much money I come into. Even with $250k to my name, I'll never let money corrupt my mind and willpower the way my father did. He may have cast a dark shadow over my past, but my future is my own. And right now, it's looking brighter than ever, thanks to Declan Tiberi.

My final three weeks of graduate school fly by in a flurry of papers, exams, and celebratory parties. Despite my nerves and my incredible workload, I make it through the ordeal with flying colors. With my GPA and sanity intact, I'm finally ready to receive my masters and move on to bigger and better things.

As it happens, our graduation is set for June 1st-the day I'm supposed to start my internship with Declan. But he gives me the go ahead to attend the ceremony, fetch my diploma, and be done with school for good.

It's bittersweet, saying goodbye to my years as a student. As those caps go flying into the air all around me, graduation ropes billowing everywhere, I can't help but feel separate from everyone around me. All of my classmates have families waiting for them, jobs to begin now that school is over. But me? I've got no past to speak of, and a future that's shrouded in mystery and excitement. Not exactly your standard American dream, but I'll take it.

"We did it!" Kelly cries excitedly, hugging me close at the gates of our school. "Congratulations, babe."

"You too," I smile, giving her a big kiss on the cheek.

The rest of our computer science classmates congregate around us, including that ficklest of flings, Stephen.

"We're heading over to the bar for some celebratory shots," he says, begrudgingly, "Do you girls want to come with?"

"Why, because otherwise it would be a pathetic sausage fest?" Kelly laughs.

"I think we'll pass," I tell Stephen, "You guys have fun."

"What, you got somewhere better to be?" he challenges me.

"Yes, she does," says a full-bodied voice from over my shoulder.

I spin around and feel my heart lodge itself in my throat. Towering over the whole herd of graduate students is Declan Tiberi himself. He cocks an eyebrow at the cowering Stephen, and shoots me a confident smile.

"Hey Kassenia," he says casually.

"Hey...Declan," I reply, trying to play it cool.

"I figured I'd swing by myself and give you a lift," he says, nodding toward the parking lot. His Harley stands there in all its glory, ready to whisk me away.

"We're taking your bike? Now?" I stammer, looking up at him with wild eyes.

"Unless you had other plans," he says, looking disdainfully around at my simpering male classmates once more.

"She doesn't have any other plans," Kelly says quickly, giving me a short hug and pushing me toward Declan.

"What about my bags?" I stammer, looking up at him with wild eyes.

"Already taken care of," he winks at Kelly and smiles, laying a strong, broad hand on my shoulder, "Let's hit the road, shall we?"

CHAPTER SEVEN

"I hope you didn't mind me cutting in back there," Declan says, as we make our way toward his bike. "A couple of those guys seemed pretty sad to see you go."

"Not at all," I tell him, "Though I'm pretty sure you were personally responsible for about twelve guys simultaneously pissing their pants."

"I'm sure they'll be able to brave some shitty sports bar without dragging you along for the ride. They'll live," he laughs.

But will I? I think to myself as we stop before Declan's Harley. I've never actually been this close to a motorcycle before. Where I'm from, the only people who rode bikes were fifty-year-old douche bags going through their midlife crises. And then, they'd only take their new rides out for an unimpressive spin or two before calling it quits. This huge, powerful machine of Declan's intimidates me, much as I hate to admit it. But I guess that makes sense. The man himself rather intimidates me as well.

"What are you wearing under that robe?" Declan asks, reaching for his helmet. "Hopefully nothing that can't get a little dirty."

A little spark of excitement goes off in my stomach. This man has a way of making everything sound like bedroom talk. Or maybe it's just my willing mind that's twisting his words? I shrug out of my graduation robe, revealing a simple getup of boyfriend jeans and a low-cut striped tee with ankle boots. Declan raises an eyebrow at me.

"Don't people usually dress up for these graduation things?" he asks.

"I don't really have anyone to dress up for," I tell him, "I figured if I was going to sit through that bullshit ceremony, I may as well be comfortable."

"You're my kinda girl, Kassenia," he says, handing me a helmet.

"Ditto, Mr. Tiberi," I smile, taking the heavy head ware in my hands.

"Mr. Tiberi..." he says, tasting the title as it rolls around his mouth, "I kind of like it. But 'Declan' is just fine."

"In that case," I tell him, "You can just call me Kassie. If you like."

"Kassie," he smiles, "Gorgeous name."

I wonder if he has any idea how significant it is, me letting him use my nickname. The only people who call me Kassie are my closest friends. And by that, I really only mean Kelly-and Rosie, once upon a time. Even my parents refused to shorten my full name when they were alive. Maybe I'm giving my nickname to Declan because some part of me trusts him implicitly. Or maybe I'm just hoping that I can trust him as much as I want to.

"Shall we?" Declan asks, swinging himself up onto the bike.

I glance nervously over my shoulder and see that Kelly and my classmates are still looking on. She gives me an excited, encouraging nod from the curb. Try as I might, I can't seem to tame the brigade of butterflies that are having a field day in my stomach.

"I, uh, have a confession to make," I say to Declan, "I've never actually...been on a motorbike before."

"Seriously?" he asks, looking back at me through his sun glasses, "Never?"

"I didn't exactly grow up as a biker chick," I tell him.

"Well, first of all, never say 'motorbike' again," he laughs, patting the seat behind him, "Hop on, Kassie. I promise I'll take good care of you. All you've got to do is hold on tight. Lady friends call this baby the eight-hundred pound vibrator."

I can't help but laugh nervously at his levity, although I'm not certain if he's joking. I force a deep breath into my lungs. You can do this, I coach myself. I shake my long blonde hair out of its ponytail and slip the surprisingly un-hideous helmet over my head. I strap it on tight, as if falling off the back of this death machine would be worth living through in the first place; but it's time to live a little. I swing my leg up over the Harley as if I were back at my childhood horseback riding lessons. All at once, Declan's body is inches away from my own. Images from my insane sex dreams flood my mind as I find myself so close to him.

"Wrap your arms around my waist," he says, a sure smile spread across his lips. "You're going to enjoy this, trust me."

The bike hums below us as I encircle Declan's tapered torso with trembling arms. My hands glance against his perfectly cut abs, each one defined and strong. Jesus-what is that, an eight pack? I didn't even know that was possible. I try not to let my jaw hang open as I feel his strong body for the first time. I've certainly never been around such an...impressive man in my entire life. He smells of leather and sweat, and of a peculiar smell that that completely disarms me and makes me feel suddenly at ease...it can only be described as "manly".

"You can get closer," he tells me with a laugh, "I promise I won't bite. Not unless you ask me to, that is."

There's an idea, I think to myself, thrilling at his words.

I sidle up against Declan's broad, muscular back. My breasts pressed tightly against his body, billowing up before me as I lay my cheek on his black leather cut. My body covers the Dante's Nine logo that's scrawled across his back as I hold onto him for dear life. I tighten my grip on his firm, hard torso and squeeze my eyes closed. This is it. I'm sure he can feel my heart beating like a hammer in my chest as he revs the Harley's powerful engine.

Excitement and fear war inside of me as we set off together. Everything is darkness and noise as we take off. I can't will myself to open my eyes just yet. The warm June winds whip around me as we tear away from my campus, through the city of Berkeley, and out onto the open road that will deliver us into the heart of Las Vegas at our journey's end. I can't believe I'm really doing this!

"You OK, Kassie?" Declan shouts over the roaring engine.

"Yeah, sure!" I reply, my voice a strangled squeak.

"I promise you, sweetheart, you're perfectly safe," he assures me, "I'd never let anything bad happen to you. Open your eyes. Enjoy the view."

It takes me a long moment, but at last, I manage to pry my eyes open as we fly down the highway together. California rushes by at top speed as we cruise along. It's like the world itself is parting for us to pass. My eyes grow wide behind my visor as I struggle to take in the gorgeous sunset view that rolls out all around us. Clouds spill out over the road in bright shades of pink and orange as the green hills rise up in the distance. There's nothing to think or care about in this moment. Just me, the sky, the earth...and Declan Tiberi.

"Nothing better in the world than an open highway," he says, "Especially with this kind of company."

"It's almost too much," I breathe, raising my eyes to the vaulting sky.

"Kassie, you ain't seen nothing yet," he grins.

I clench my arms around him as we take on speed, the Harley's screaming vibrations beneath us. There's something so surprisingly erotic about straddling this much power. I'm almost turned on by it. I wonder if that has more to do with the machine beneath me or the man who's driving it?

I watch as my graduation gown comes loose from the saddlebag and flies off into the wind. A raucous laugh rips out of my throat as I watch the garment flap away in the warm air. If I needed any clearer sign that my old life is over, there it is. I'm starting fresh. From this moment on, I can be anything I want to be. Anyone I want to be.

And right now, being the woman on the back of Declan Tiberi's bike seems like as good a place as any to start.

CHAPTER EIGHT

As we cross the state border into Nevada, I'm amazed to find that only a couple of hours have passed since we departed. Declan was not kidding about making good time on this bike. But even though we've been zipping along at insane speeds, the Harley rides so smooth; and I never once felt unsafe in Declan's care. The sun is just beginning to set as we turn off into a rest stop for a quick break. A shabby neon sign reading "Diner" hangs overhead in the twilight, beckoning us toward an old-fashioned greasy spoon. The joint is little more than a silver trailer, but my appetite has just kicked in, big time. I'm not in a picky mood.

Declan helps me off the back of the bike and leads me into the diner. Stepping inside is like traveling back in time. A dusty jukebox spits out classic rock for the two or three bikers who sit at the bar. I slide into the closest booth, the well-worn vinyl soft as cotton beneath me. This is certainly a far cry from the organic, vegetarian places I'm used to frequenting around campus.

A plump, no-nonsense waitress bustles over to us as we take our seats, brandishing a couple of patched-up menus.

"Been seeing a lot of you these days," the woman says to Declan.

"You say that like it's a bad thing, Mae," Declan grins.

Mae raises her penciled-on eyebrows, planting a hand on her rounded hip, "It's not a bad thing as long as it's just you," she says, noticing me at last, "Or you and a friend, of course. It's just when you bring your whole pack along that I get peeved. What's your name, baby?"

"I'm Kassenia," I tell her, "It's nice to meet-"

"Ka-sayn-ya?" she laughs, "What kind of a name is that? We mostly get Destiny's and Cherry's around these parts. Especially with these biker types hanging around."

"You know I'm not that kind of biker, Mae," Declan chides gently, "And Kassie here is not the kind of girl you're used to either."

"No, I can see that," Mae says, not unkindly, "Why don't I get you two a couple of house specials before you hit the road?"

She's off again before we can reply. I cock my head playfully at Declan, "Not too many Destiny's for you, huh?" I ask. "I guess I should take comfort in that."

"Yeah, I'm not so big on the easy company. Or at least, not the kind of company you have to pay for," he replies, resting his elbows on the table, "I usually like to travel alone."

"I guess I should feel honored then, right?" I ask.

"That's right," he grins, "You're one of a kind, Kassie. I don't just bring anyone along on the back of my Harley. How're you liking your first real bike ride?"

"It's...incredible," I admit, "Unlike anything else. I used to ride horses, when I was kid. I thought that was the wildest ride I'd ever know, but this..."

"I knew you'd love it," he says, "Think of this little ride as an initiation. A kick off to the best summer of your life. You're going to love it in Vegas. I've got your place all set up. My business associates are going to love you-"

"What about my stuff at home?" I ask, suddenly remembering, "My clothes, and-"

"Kassie," Declan cuts me off, "I talked to your friend Kelly before the graduation ceremony and she's going to be mailing your essentials, but I think we can spring for some new clothes once we're there. Don't you? Professional presentation will just be one of the bases we cover during this internship. We need to make sure that you have all the tools you need to take a running leap with this startup idea, and a new wardrobe is part of that."

I stare at him across the table top. This whole thing really is too good to be true.

"You're going to buy me a new wardrobe?" I ask, amazed.

"Sure," he shrugs, "For starters. Then of course, we'll have to practice the art of cocktail party conversation. Not to mention blackjack table business etiquette. Of course, brushing up on your poolside manners won't hurt. We're building your brand too, after all."

"So in other words, we're going to shop, drink, gamble, and hang out by the pool. For the sake of my startup?" I ask.

"Pretty much," Declan winks.

"It sounds like one big party to me," I tell him, "Don't get me wrong, it's nice of you to bring me along for the ride, but I really do want to spend this summer developing my business. Not just have a good time."

"A woman after my own heart," he laughs, whipping out a pack of smokes, "I knew I chose you for a reason, Kassie. Don't worry, you're going to have all the resources you need to get CrowdedNest up and running. We'll work on your business model, make sure you're connected with all the right people, and start talking about marketing strategies. But there's no reason why we can't do that by the pool...right?"

"I guess you're right," I allow.

"You seem skeptical," Declan says, lighting up a cigarette.

"Sorry," I say, shoving a hand through my hair, "I don't mean to seem ungrateful or anything. I'm just not really used to..."

"Having fun?" Declan offers, "Yeah. I could kind of tell."

"Is it that obvious?" I ask.

"Not to a lot of people," Declan says, taking a drag of his smoke, "I'm sure that when most people look at you, they see a beautiful, driven, well-adjusted girl. You're very good at keeping on a game face for the world, aren't you?"

"I...guess so," I stammer.

"Well, I'll let you in on a little secret," Declan says, leaning forward, "I'm a pretty good actor myself. I know a thing or two about feeling alone. Guilty. Angry. I can recognize the same things in you, Kassie."

I stare at Declan, at a loss for words. How can he know so much about me? We've only just met. But now that I think about it, there is something in his eyes that seems...familiar. Maybe my dark past isn't too different than where he's coming from?

"I hope I'm not out of line here," Declan goes on, "I just want you to know that I get it. Life can be shit, sometimes. And it's easy to shove all your baggage in the closet and move on like a good little soldier. But sometimes the best way to get over all that shit is to live the life you've always wanted. Living well is the best revenge, right? Well it turns out, it's the best medicine too."

"Ahhh I see, so speeding on motorcycles, smoking cigarettes, and partying hard are the best medicines?" I smile, cocking my head sideways.

"Touche," he laughs. "Trust me, I'm speaking from experience-I'm older you know."

"Trust you," I reply, shaking my head, "That's another thing that won't be so easy, I'm warning you now."

"I figured as much," Declan says, taking a drag, "But I can also tell that there's some little part of you that wants to trust me, Kassie. I'm here to convince you that that little voice is right. Sound good?"

Before I can say anything, Mae sweeps back over to our table. She sets down two heaping plates before us-cheeseburgers, fries, a couple of beers, the works. I stare at the bounty with wide eyes. As if this day couldn't get any more epic.

"Tuck in, darlin'," Mae says, "You could use a little meat on those bones."

Declan raises his bottle in a toast, and I follow suit.

"To your graduation," he says, "And to all the incredible things we're going to accomplish together this summer. Thanks for coming along on this crazy ride with me."

"I'll drink to that," I say, clinking my bottle with his.

As we tuck into our burgers, I have to admit that this was not the graduation night I ever would have imagined for myself.

It's much better.

CHAPTER NINE

For many miles, we're enveloped by the darkened desert. The only light, save the Harley's headlights, is that of the moon rising overhead. I stare up in wonder from the back of Declan's bike as the stars careen overhead. I don't think I've ever seen so many celestial fireflies in my entire life. I've always lived too close to a city to really get a good view of the stars, but now they're too many to count. I rest my cheek against Declan's broad back as he steers us along the empty road. For the first time that I can remember, I actually feel excited. And dare I say it...hopeful?

"There it is," Declan calls back to me, "Your new home for the next few months. Ready to meet Las Vegas, Kassie?"

I peer over Declan's shoulder, into the streaming wind. Far ahead of us, the horizon seems to be glowing with daybreak. But that's impossible-night has only just fallen. With every passing second, that canopy of light ahead grows brighter and brighter. I realize that it's not the rising sun we've spotted that's lighting up the sky. It's a wild, vivid array of city lights. The neon glow of Las Vegas is beckoning us like moths to its exotic, irresistible flame. And we're headed straight for it.

In no time at all, we've closed the distance separating us from Sin City. The behemoth casinos and resorts rise out of the darkened desert like Titans, gods in their own right. I've never been to Vegas before, only heard stories of the decadence and danger that roil beneath its glamorous surface. I guess that I'm about to see for myself what all those tales are really about.

"Here we go," Declan cackles, laying on the speed as we fly past the iconic sign that welcomes us, in broad letters, to Las Vegas, Nevada.

I gasp as we're swallowed up by the teeming, electric strip. The massive, glittering buildings rise up like Canyon walls all around us. Declan guides the Harley through the roaring traffic, making my head spin with exhilaration. I'm bombarded with iconic sights, overwhelmed by the sheer chaos of light, color, and sound that threatens to boil over all around us.

"Does this ever start to feel normal?" I call out to Declan.

"Nope," he replies happily, "That's what I love about living here, Kassie. Never a dull moment to be had."

I don't think I realized until this moment just how used to dull moments I've become. My entire life has been so tamped down, so dark and miserable. I almost don't know what to do with all of the energy surging around me, all of the excitement and happiness. But I've been thrown into the deep end now. Only thing to do is swim.

Declan veers off to one side of the strip, skidding us to a stop at the curb. I climb off the back of his bike with trembling knees, looking all around. Is that panic, setting my heart to thumping, or excitement?

"This is it," Declan grins, throwing an arm around my shoulders, "Home sweet home."

I look up at his face, backlit with the neon glow of the strip. In this moment, he seems larger than life to me. Like some kind of electric savior, here to show me a new way of life. But I suppose, in many ways, that's exactly what he is.

"Why don't we get you settled in your new place?" he says, steering me through the jostling, drunken crowds, "You must be wiped after today."

"I'm all right," I tell him gamely.

"Atta girl," he grins, stopping before an array of tall, gold-plated doors.

I glance up, startled, as a doorman in full livery steps forward to open the door for us. The man is probably in his early fifties-a red-faced, cheerful guy with kind brown eyes.

"Good evening, Mr. Tiberi," he smiles, "Have a nice trip?"

"Sure did, Franklin," Declan replies, clapping the man on the back, "Just had to run to California to give my new intern a ride."

"Hi, I'm the intern," I say, offering my hand, "Name's Kassenia Bennett."

"Hello, and what a beautiful name!" he doorman says, jolly and adorable, "I'm Franklin. So happy to meet you. If you ever need anything, just let me know, all right? I'm not like the other doormen, either. Won't shake you down for a tip every time I give you the time."

"I appreciate that, Franklin," I smile.

"See you around, man," Declan says, leading me inside.

A cavernous, elegant lobby opens up before us as we step inside. I gape at the gold leaf, the marble floors, the entirely impeccable space. A wall of antique elevators faces us across the way, and an honest-to-god fountain trickles on our right.

"This is where you live?" I ask, dumbstruck.

"Correction," Declan says, "This is where we live. Welcome home, Kassie."

I burst out into nervous laughter. It's a bad habit of mine, laughing whenever I'm uncomfortable, or overwhelmed. Weddings, funerals, any time there's heightened emotion, I start laughing at once. Not exactly the best way to make friends.

"What is it?" Declan asks, "What's so funny?"

"If you...had seen...the place I was living in Berkeley," I cackle, "You'd know why this is so...hilarious..."

"Well, Dorothy, you're not in Kansas anymore. Or California. Or Connecticut," Declan grins, "You're in Vegas, baby. You're gonna love it."

We step into the elevator as it arrives to whisk us away. As the doors whisper closed before us, I realize that this is the most alone Declan and I have ever been. My stomach flips over as he leans against the elevator wall with his arms crossed, biceps flexing deliciously. I'm overcome with the sudden desire to run my hands all over those strong, cut arms, that washboard stomach, those sculpted thighs...

"What're you thinking about, Kassie?" he asks. Though by the look in his eye, I'd guess that he already knows exactly what I'm thinking.

"Just trying to process all of this," I tell him, "I'm a little out of my element, here."

"Well, brace yourself," he says, as the elevator dings open once more, "You haven't even seen your new digs yet."

We step out into a small landing. Straight ahead, a filigree mirror hangs on the wall. I catch a glimpse of Declan and I standing beside each other and stifle a gasp. I don't know how else to say this...but we look good together. My dirty blonde hair offsets his chestnut curls, his sculpted muscles are a perfect complement to my lean figure. But once again, it's the eyes that do me in. We both sport the same clear, precise shade of blue, intense and bright. They say that eyes are the window to the soul...so what does that say about us?

I tear my eyes away from our reflection and see that we're standing in the space between two doorways. To my right, there's a heavy wooden door adorned with a golden "A"; to my left, a matching gateway sporting a "B". I look inquisitively at Declan.

"What is this, some Alice in Wonderland shit?" I ask.

"Something like that," he laughs, "I hope you don't mind living so near to me. I figured it would be easier for us to work closely this way. Now, if inspiration strikes, you only have to hop across the hall."

"These are...our rooms?" I ask breathlessly.

"That's right," Declan says, "Room A is mine. Room B is yours. Or rather, Suite B. Calling it a room would be an understatement. I figured that I may as well snag the buildings penthouse apartments, while I was at it."

"Penthouse...?" I echo, my head spinning.

"See for yourself," Declan says, handing me a sleek black key card.

I take the little strip and turn to the door marked "B". There's a discreet key slot beneath the golden handle. My hand shakes as I dip in the card, pull on the handle, and ease the door open. There's only darkness there before me as I step tentatively inside. I can only make myself move a single step. That is, until Declan moves past me and turns on the lights, illuminating the place I now call home.

I'm surprised my jaw doesn't crack, hitting the floor so hard.

A spotless, high-ceilinged great room opens up all around me as I step inside. I ease myself down the marble steps, onto the ornate Persian rugs below. Before me, the wall itself seems to rise up-a cleverly disguised blackout shade hiding a wall of floor to ceiling windows. Through the crystal clear glass, the mayhem of the strip sprawls every which way.

"It's entirely tinted, don't worry," Declan says, leaning against the doorframe with his thumbs hooked in his belt loops.

"Oh, worry is the last thing on my mind," I breathe, gaping at the penthouse suite.

Elegant, priceless furniture populates the great room, organized around a huge fire place that stands against the far wall. Fine art is hung tastefully all about the room, and towering bookshelves take up much of the wall space. I have to admit, it's all a bit less...tacky than I would have imagined Vegas to be.

"Let me guess," Declan laughs, "You're wondering where the bad hotel paintings and pornos are hiding?"

"How do you read my mind that like?" I ask, cheeks burning.

"I thought a place like this might make more sense for a woman like you," he says, closing the door behind him, "I love a cheap, Hawaiian-themed hotel room as much as the next man, but this is going to be your home through the summer. I figured I'd pass on the heart-shaped Jacuzzis."

"You're too kind," I smile, feeling my heartbeat kick up a notch at his approach.

"Take a look around the other rooms," Declan says. I can sense a bit of pride in his voice. He must get a kick out of being able to provide like this. Usually, I'd be turned off by that sort of macho impulse. But in Declan, it doesn't seem showy or self-serving. He seems genuinely happy that I'm happy with the place he's set up for me.

"Don't mind if I do," I say, passing rather closer to him than necessary as I make my way to the kitchen. Our hands brush against each other as I skirt away.

I need to pace myself, getting close to him. It's no use denying that I want Declan Tiberi. My sexy dreams, not to mention my waking body, are evidence enough of that. But I've never been past third base, myself. Hitting a grand slam with a man as powerful, as gorgeous as Declan might be more than I can handle. It scares the hell out of me, thinking about giving myself over to him that way. But despite that...it seems to be all I can think about these days.

The penthouse kitchen is all stainless steel and marble. I've never been one for cooking myself, but there are plenty of nice surfaces in here that a girl could find herself hoisted up on, bent over-

Get a grip, Kassie, I think to myself, hurrying onto the next room.

It's the bedroom, of course. Just what I need for my roving imagination. The walls are a deep crimson, the floors are of polished hardwood in wide planks. There's another, smaller fireplace in here. And of course, a sprawling king-sized bed stands front and center. I have to swallow a moan as I imagine Declan laying me out across those Egyptian cotton sheets.

I can't believe the places my mind is going, tonight. I've never even slept with a man before, but now it's all I can think about. There's something about Declan that my body recognized and wanted right away. From the first time I saw him climb off that Harley, some part of me knew that he was the man I wanted to lose my virginity to. Now, every part of me is in agreement. The question is, does he have any interest in taking it?

"You should check out the bathroom," Declan's voice says from behind me.

I jump a foot in the air, surprised by his appearance. I need to stop acting like a spastic little girl if I'm ever going to seduce this man, that's for damn sure. Trying to act casual, I cross the bedroom and push open the bathroom door.

"You've got to be kidding me..." I mutter.

It's like seeing my dreams come to life. For real. The expansive, beautiful bathroom looks just like setting of the sexy dream I had, starring none other than Declan Tiberi. The enormous sunken bath, the marble and gold, even the skylight arching overhead-every detail is exactly the same. This is super-sized deja vu, right here.

"Why don't you enjoy a nice long soak and get some rest?" Declan suggests, "You've got a long week coming up."

"What do you have planned for me?" I ask.

"I figure you should take a few days to get acquainted with your surroundings," Declan says, "Get the lay of the land. I'll leave you a credit card so you can take yourself shopping, get styled, maybe have a few spa days."

"Wow. That's really generous," I laugh nervously, "Are you going to come with me? To pick out clothes and all, I mean."

"I trust your judgment," Declan winks.

I can't help but feel a little deflated. All I want to do is spend time with this unknowable man. I admit, I was getting excited about trying things on for him. Maybe I could even pull him into the dressing room with me, see if anything happened-

Stop, stop, stop, I think to myself. He's your boss...benefactor...whatever, not a booty call. If I'm going to make a play for him, the timing has to be just right. He has to know that I'm not going to go falling in love with him if we happen to fool around. But how can I let him know that I'm down to get down without coming on like a lovesick little girl?

"If you need anything this week, I'll be available by cell," he goes on, interrupting my scheming thoughts.

"You won't be around at all?" I ask.

"Don't sound so disappointed," he says, "I've just got to disappear for a few days. Business. You understand. You'll have me all to yourself for the rest of the summer, I promise."

"Sounds good to me," I smile.

"And when I get back this week, I'll start introducing you to people. Showing you around. I've got at least one very special day planned for us as soon as I'm back."

"What happens on that very special day?" I ask, hoping his plans involve us, naked, on every available surface in this suite.

"You'll meet my family, that's what," Declan grins.

"Your family?" I reply, deflated, "Oh...That's...OK. Sounds like a plan. What are your parents like? Do you have siblings?"

"Oh, no," he laughs, "Not that kind of family. I mean my real family. My brothers, you know. The club-"

"Dante's Nine?" I ask.

"Exactly," Declan nods, "I said I'd swing by our headquarters this week and check in. You'll come along with me."

"They won't mind?" I ask, "I thought that most biker gangs aren't-"

"We're a club," he cuts me off sharply, "Not a gang. I need you to understand that."

"I-I'm Sorry," I say quickly.

"It's fine," he replies, shrugging off my mistake. "Just have to make sure to keep the vocabulary straight. Wouldn't want anyone getting the wrong idea about us."

"Oh course. Got it. Are your, um, brothers...also your business associates?" I ask.

"You could say that," Declan replies, "But not the kind you're thinking of. You'll find, Kassie, that there are a few pretty distinct circles that I run in. And those circles? They don't exactly...work well together. One of the things you'll be learning this summer is that who you are behind closed doors isn't always the person you bring to parties. You have to learn how to be as many people as necessary to get what you want in life."

"I see."

"I know you do. That's one of the reasons why you're here. It's pretty clear to me that you know what it means to mask what you're really feeling in order to do what you have to do."

"You're a perceptive man," I allow.

"And a curious man," he replies, "I've gotten to meet the recent graduate Kassie, the prepared and punctual businessperson. But I'm curious about who you are underneath all that. What is it that you're trying to hide?"

"Declan..." I breathe, "I don't know if I'm...entirely comfortable discussing..."

"Don't sound so serious," Declan says, taking a step toward me, "I'm not saying we need to have some deep, emotional conversation tonight. Or ever, frankly. I'm not big on the touchy-feely thing. Come on though-how am I gonna help you lighten up?"

"Some vodka and would be a good start," I tell him.

"They'll be plenty of time for that," he says, stepping dangerously close to me, "Whatever you want while you're here, Kassie, it's yours."

"Anything?" I ask pointedly, letting my eyes trail up and down Declan's perfect body.

A smile spreads across his face as he catches my drift. "Anything. I don't really have many hang-ups. I don't believe in taboos, right and wrong, any of that bullshit."

"That makes two of us," I tell him.

"Good to know," he says, his voice rasping along the bottom of his range.

We're inches apart now, alone at last high above the Las Vegas strip. There's a hunger twisting my core that I know can only be satisfied by one thing: Him. As I look up into those searing blue eyes of his, I make myself a promise. I will not let this summer go by without having Declan Tiberi. As many times as possible.

"Goodnight, Kassie," he says, breaking away from me at last, "See you in a few days."

"Goodnight," I manage to say, staring longingly after his retreating form.

It's going to be a long, hot summer. That's for sure.

CHAPTER TEN

And just like that, I'm left to my own devices in Sin City. When I wake up the next morning, there's a platinum credit card waiting beside the espresso machine with my own name on it. I cradle the surprisingly heavy little rectangle in my hands. Honestly, I'm intimidated. Having access to wealth again, after so many years without it, is disorienting. I have to keep reminding myself that I'm not doing anything wrong or hurtful by accepting Declan's generosity. After what my family went through, I've come to associate money with impending disaster. But if I'm going to be a successful businessperson, I'm going to have to adjust my thinking.

"Let's do this, little buddy," I say to my new plastic companion.

I spend a full two days just wandering up and down the Las Vegas strip, staring up at all of the bizarre, outlandish sights. There's something very strange about Vegas in the daytime. Walking out of my apartment in the morning feels a bit like waking up to find that I've accidentally fallen asleep on the playground. The people I pass on the sidewalks are of every type imaginable. There are put-together executive types, eccentrics, teenagers. But mostly, they're a bunch of lost children, just like me.

Once I finally manage to talk myself into using my new credit card, I find that shopping isn't at all as terrible as I remember it to be. I treat myself to an entire new wardrobe, just like Declan instructed me to do. I've only ever shopped at preppy, suburban mall staple stores my entire life. But here? It's one designer boutique after another. I stock up on slinky evening dresses, sleek business attire, and well-made everyday essentials. In a particularly daring moment, I even snag myself some wickedly naughty lingerie.

"Is this for someone special?" the shopgirl asks, boxing up my new black lace corset.

"God willing," I grin, handing her my card to swipe.

"He's a lucky man, whoever he is," she whistles.

"I'm the lucky one," I reply, "That is, if I can land him."

"If you don't mind my saying so," she says, looking me up and down, "I think you'll be just fine."

But there's more to the city than shopping, of course. The rest of my time is spent taking advantage of my new building's rooftop pool, the excellent spas that are hidden all over town, and having every imaginable cuisine available, whenever I want it. But while I spend plenty of evenings gazing out of my tinted glass windows at the teeming nightlife below, I just can't seem to make myself brave the unknown territory of the casinos.

My gambling streak is thick. Insatiable. Even knowing how badly things can go when you take big risks, I still have the urge. I'm terrified of letting that part of me loose...but I still want to so badly it hurts. There's got to be a way to take risks without getting burned. Though perhaps it's the thought of getting burned that makes gambling such a thrill.

Kelly calls to check up on me every night that Declan is gone. She's kind of like a worried big sister. It's pretty adorable.

"You're not too lonely, are you?" she asks, the night before Declan is set to return.

"I'm doing OK," I assure her, looking down onto the busy street below. "I've stocked up on some very fine whiskey and some even finer chocolates. So my night is pretty much taken care of."

"I'm glad you're comfortable and all," Kelly says over the phone, "But when are you going to get out there and start having some fun?"

"I am having fun," I mumble around a mouthful of chocolate truffle.

"You know what I mean," Kelly says.

"As soon as Declan's back, I'm sure I'll feel more comfortable taking the city by storm," I tell my best friend.

"Ah, I see," she replies. I can hear her grin through the phone, "Kassenia Bennett, you are pining right now."

"I'm not pining!" I retort, looking guiltily around at my booze and candy. Oh, dear God. I am totally pining.

"I thought the whole summer romance thing was out of the question with him," Kelly says, "Aren't you contractually bound not to fall in love with this guy?"

"Who said anything about falling in love?" I scoff, "I mean, hey, I want to jump the guy's bones. But since when do love and sex have to go hand in hand? You said so yourself."

"Good point," Kelly allows, "Just make sure you keep them separate, Kassie. I know how strong you are, but the whole virginity thing...it can be complicated, sleeping with someone for the first time. People get attached to their firsts, you know."

"I think I can handle it," I say, rolling my eyes.

"OK," Kelly sighs, "Just be careful, is all. You play it tough, but I know you've got a soft, squishy, breakable heart under that armor of yours. Just like the rest of us."

She's right, of course. For all my posturing, I'm still vulnerable. I'll bruise if beaten, break if bent too far. But I have to stop letting the fear of getting hurt keep me from all the best things in life. I know too well how short life can be. And I don't intend to waste another minute of my own.

I hear the elevator ding to a stop on our floor early the next afternoon. I've been pacing all around my suite, waiting for Declan's return. I have to restrain myself from flying out the door the second I hear him head into his apartment. How can I have missed someone so much, after only knowing him for a few days?

"You've really got a hold on me, Tiberi," I mutter, tapping my fingertips impatiently against the kitchen counter.

I've slipped into a pale yellow sundress today, and even dared to apply some of my fancy new makeup. I want Declan to see the fruits of his spending limit the second he walks in the door. My hair hangs in loose waves over my wing-like shoulder blades, and a pair of strappy white sandals completes the look. When I finally hear his knock at the door, my heart nearly bulldozes through my chest.

"Kassie?" he calls, in his rich, irresistible voice, "Are you decent?"

"Yep!" I reply, perching myself on the edge of a chic chaise lounge.

The front door swings open, and Declan steps over the threshold. His curls are windswept, and his face is just a tiny bit tanner than when he left. He wears his Dante's Nine cut over a white tee, and rocks a pair of sinfully wet-fitted black jeans. He looks fortified, somehow. More alive than ever. Where has he been that's had such an effect on him?

"Well, look at you!" he crows, crossing his arms appreciatively.

"I took your advice and did a little shopping," I say, arching my back ever-so-slightly, "What do you think?"

"You look amazing," he says, his voice husky.

"Thanks. So...do you," I bumble, unsure of how to accept his praise.

"Yeah right," he laughs, "I just climbed off my bike three seconds ago."

"Well, it works for you," I say, rising to my feet. I can feel his eyes on me as I cross to the kitchen, letting my hips sway just a bit more than they usually would. "Do you want anything?" I ask him, "Coffee? Tea?"

"Do I look like a tea drinker to you?" he chuckles. "What I mean is, no thanks. Besides, we've got to get a move on. The family's waiting."

"Oh, great!" I reply, smoothing down my pastel skirt, "I'm ready to go whenever you-what? What is it?"

Declan's doubled over, laughing like mad. "No way...am I letting you meet my brothers...dressed like that," he cackles.

I look down at my outfit, self-conscious. I was only trying to look nice for him, and now I feel like an idiot for it.

"I'm sorry," he chuckles, coming towards me, "But pretty and polished is not exactly what these guys are used to."

"What would you suggest, then?" I ask, planting a hand on my hip.

"Surprise me," he grins, brushing a stray lock of hair out of my eyes.

My knees turn to rubber at this most subtle touch. I snap my fallen jaw back into place and march off to my bedroom. He wants to see what a little girl from Fairfield wears to a biker bar? Fine. Challenge accepted. I start digging through my new duds and set to work on my brand new image.

When I reemerge, my coy little act is dropped. What was I thinking, playing the wilting flower for this guy? That's not who I am. Not who I want to be. This summer is all about finding out what I'm really made of. And that means pushing myself. No more playing it safe.

"Better?" I demand, planting my feet on the marble floor.

Declan swings his head toward me and freezes. His eyes grow wide as he takes in the sight of me in my full biker chick regalia. My chest swells with pride at his look. Maybe I am capable of taking him by storm after all.

A low-cut, navel grazing white tee barely restrains my full, firm breasts. My midnight black bra shows through the thin material, just enough to give a pretty good peek. I've wiggled into a pair of low-rise, tight as hell blue jeans, and my feet are clad in leather ankle boots. My hair hangs down, voluminous and wild, and my lips are finished with a rich ruby red. I let my brand new leather jacket hang over my shoulder by one finger and execute a little spin for Declan's benefit.

"Jesus Christ," he whistles, "Are you trying to give me a heart attack, Ms. Bennett?"

"Hell no. You're my ride," I shoot back with a smirk. "What do you think? Is this more of the look you were hoping for?"

"You are beyond anything I could have hoped for," he says, crossing the room toward me. "That's a fact."

My nerves sizzle as he approaches. For all my tough talk, I still don't know if I'm ready to take on a man like Declan. All that power could overwhelm me, if I'm not careful. How can I want something so badly, and fear it all at the same time? He comes to a stop just paces away from me, not bothering to hide his gaze as it rakes all along my body.

"You know how stunning you are, don't you Kassie?" he asks me bluntly.

"Oh...I don't know..." I murmur, averting my eyes. I feel sexy in these new, brazen clothes, but having someone say it out loud is another matter.

"Well, you are," he goes on, taking me by the hand and gently tugging me toward him, "It's a shame that you haven't been told that every day of your life. But that ends now. You shouldn't be ashamed of how gorgeous you are."

"I'm not-"

"You are. But we can change that," he says, his voice kind but firm. I stare back at him, utterly at a loss. What do you say to a thing like that? But thankfully, he's more than happy to lead the way once more.

"Let's get going," he says, lacing his fingers through mine, "That hair of yours could use a little wind in it.

We tear down the strip on Declan's Harley, slicing through the early evening air. My hands are wrapped firmly around those hard, rippling abs of his. I don't even bother hiding how much I love the feel of him against me. Me against him. We draw eyes from passersby as we ride along. Is it Declan they're staring at, or me? Maybe it's the pair of us, complementary and balanced. Or maybe that's just my own wishful thinking. We're not a couple, after all. We're...coworkers. Or something.

Declan's given me very little information about this leg of our adventure. I know that he's taking me to the headquarters of his club-Dante's Nine. But what I should expect is a total mystery to me.

We ride out, away from the shiny center of Vegas. As soon as we turn off the strip, it's like peeling back a layer of the city itself. Things get gritty real quick when you veer off the beaten path around here. Declan guides us down long, foreboding streets and through loud, narrow alleys until finally we're almost clear of the city. The dusty desert reveals itself once more as we trail along the very edges of town. And there, straight ahead, is our destination.

From afar, the lair of Dante's Nine looks like any other biker bar. A low, brick and battered wood joint boasting all the trappings of any watering hole. Neon signs glow in the windows, dwarfed by the most prominent symbol of all: that pair of dice that graces the back of Declan's cut. A row of powerful bikes stretches along the front of the bar, each more impressive than the next. I didn't think these places existed outside of trashy made for TV movies, and yet here we are.

As Declan pulls up to the bar and cuts the engine, I can hear the noise from inside thumping and roiling in the air. Heavy rock, raised voices, and clinking glasses seem to be the soundtrack around here.

"This is it," Declan says, looking up at the bar with fondness, "The Forty-Five Club."

"Right, very clever," I say, eyeing the Dante's Nine sigil gleaming in the window.

"You ready for this?" Declan asks, offering his hand to help me off the bike.

"You know it," I reply, jumping down without his assistance, "Though, to be honest with you, I'm not entirely sure why meeting your biker buddies is necessary for us doing business together."

Declan looks at me seriously, his eyes blazing in the near-darkness. "I need you to understand every part of my life, Kassie. Every part of me. That's the only way we're going to be able to trust each other."

I'm taken aback by his tone. There's a sudden solemness to him that I've never seen before. "OK, Declan," I say, "I'm game. Just asking."

"Here's a little advice for hanging around me," Declan says, setting off for the bar, "Don't ask too many questions, if you can help it."

He tugs open the front door of the Forty-Five, and a wall of sound hits me square in the chest. Here goes nothing, I guess. I hurry to follow Declan as he steps into the bar, and down the rabbit hole we go.

"There's our boy!"

"Where you been, brother!"

"Declan! Hey, Declan!"

A volley of greetings rises up from the assembled men inside. I look from one face to the next, trying to get a read on this place. A couple dozen men and women hang around the worn, gritty bar. I spot several cuts just like Declan's on some of the men. Even a few of the women are sporting the Dante's Nine symbol on their bodies. I force myself to move further into this place, though every cell in my body wants to cut and run. I've come this far. No way I'm running away just yet.

"Beer on the house, Dec," says the bartender, a muscled man in his forties with soulful eyes and a salt-and-pepper beard.

"Thank you kindly, Saul," Declan replies, "Mind making it two? I've got a special guest here with me tonight."

All at once, every eye in the place is on me. I draw myself up, trying to look as strong and sure as possible. Inside, of course, I'm having a nice little panic attack. Or two. The men make no effort to hide their leering grins, the women are all suspicion and hostility. Swell.

"Come here," Declan says, beckoning me to the bar, "I want you to meet everyone."

"Hey...everyone," I say, lowering myself onto a polished wooden bar stool.

"This your new intern?" asks a man to my left. He's only a couple years older than me, by the looks of him. His boyish face sports an open, energetic grin, as well as a huge tribal tattoo around his right eye. He's wearing the Dante's Nine patch, too.

"That's me," I say, speaking for myself, "Name's Kassenia. Kassenia Bennett."

"Christ, that's a mouthful," laughs another cut-clad man from behind me. He's short and stout, grizzly as hell. "My name's Kip. Plain and simple," he says, "That rabid dog with the stupid tattoo is Oliver."

"Ollie's fine," the young man grins, "All my friends call me Ollie."

"What friends have you got outside these four walls?" Kip scoffs, smacking the younger man on the back of the head.

"Two beers," says the bartender Saul, handing Declan and I a couple of ice cold bottles, "S'nice to meet you, Kassenia."

"Quit flirting, Saul," grumbles another man, sitting down between me and Declan. He's got a couple of years on my new boss, at least. His big, bushy beard and black beanie make him look more like a lumberjack than a biker.

"I'm Sam," the man says, actually extending his hand to shake.

"Hey Sam," I reply as my hand gets swallowed up by his giant mitt, "Kassenia."

"You must be awfully brave, putting yourself in this maniac's hands," Ollie laughs, knocking back the last of his whiskey, "Declan doesn't seem much like the caretaker type to me."

"Good thing I can take care of myself then, isn't it?" I shoot back, taking a slug of my beer.

"Listen to that!" Kip howls, "Got yourself a firecracker here, Declan."

"More like a Roman Candle," Declan says, shooting me a knowing wink.

A warm glow of pride swells inside of me. Maybe this won't be such a terrifying experience after all.

"So, you three are Declan's brothers?" I ask, looking between Sam, Kip, and Ollie.

"Sure are," Kip barks, "Dante's Nine is thick as blood, girlie. You're looking at our own family reunion, here!"

As if on cue, a new pack of people appear around me, sizing me up. I swivel around on my barstool, taking stock of the company. Two huge dudes, twins by the look of them, stare at me with unwavering looks. They wear Dante's Nine cuts, and certainly look to be the muscle of the group. Their heads and faces are shaved clean, their every muscle hard and thick with use. Either one of them could snap me over his knee like a twig.

"That's Teddy and Frank," Declan tells me, nodding toward the enormous men. "They're men of few words."

"Hi," Teddy growls.

"'Sup," Franks snaps.

"Like I said," Declan says.

A wiry, weather beaten man steps out from the twin mountains' shadow. He looks like a stray dog, mean and wild. His grin says, "I do whatever the fuck I want, bitch". And I believe that he does.

"I'm Chuck," the slight man barks, his eyes shifting unnervingly, "How're you liking that beer, baby girl?"

"It's fine," I tell him, holding my ground despite my nerves, "I'm more of a hard liquor girl myself, but-"

"Listen to her!" Chuck howls, sending the joint into waves of raucous laughter. He fixes me with a mean, critical stare and goes on. "This ain't no sorority mixer, honey. You better watch what you say."

A red hot coil of anger flares in the pit of my belly. Who is this scrawny bastard to talk down to me?

"I say what I mean," I shoot back at him, turning to Saul behind the bar. "Can a girl get a shot of whiskey?"

Saul raises his eyebrows at Declan, who nods. The barkeep pours me a short glass of smoky amber booze and slides it across the bar.

"Here's looking at you," I wink at Chuck, and shoot back the whiskey in one delicious gulp. The crowd cheers to see the squirrelly little man with egg on his face, but Chuck himself is none too pleased.

"Looks like she's a swallower," he grumbles to Declan, "Should serve your purposes pretty well, son."

"I'm Declan's business partner, not his whore," I snap.

"Could have fooled me," Chuck shrugs.

"Why you sayin' 'whore' like it's a bad thing?" drawls a woman's voice. I look up to see a trio of girls, no older than me, leaning against the weathered bar. The girl who spoke sports coppery red locks and a Dante's Nine tattoo on her right breast.

"Nothing wrong with whoring," adds one of her companions, a round, buxom blonde.

"Unless you're too good for that kind of thing?" chirps the third, a tiny, rail-thin brunette.

"I'm just stating facts," I tell them, "I'm in Las Vegas working with Declan on a new startup company. Meeting all you fine people is just a perk, I guess."

"Looks like you dressed up for the occasion," the plump blonde laughs, "I can smell that new leather jacket all the way over here."

"All right, you caught me," I say, owning up, "So sue me for trying to impress you all."

"An honest girl," says a new voice from the back of the smoky room, "I like that."

A hush falls over the group as a figure rises up out of the shadows. A man in his fifties, a strikingly handsome silver fox...like the Marlboro Man, if he rode a Harley instead of a horse. His lined, rugged face is magnetic in its own right. There's an authority in this man that is indisputable, feared as much as respected. He's got to be the big man in charge around here.

"It's nice to meet one of Declan's business associates," he says, his voice warm and full, "I'm John Baxter. Declan's...older brother, let's say."

"Pleasure," I reply, offering my hand. We shake, John's grip firm and uncompromising. By far, his are the eyes that give me the most pause. Out of all the men assembled here, it's clear that John wields the most power. The most influence. This is a man who other men follow into the fray. I'm intimidated and intrigued by him, all the same.

"Looks like you'll be needing another shot," John says, nodding toward my empty glass, "A round for the lot of these punks, Saul."

A yell goes up around the bar as the men of Dante's Nine press in to claim their shots. I catch Declan's eye as we all raise our glasses. He looks proud and pleased. I must be doing a good job so far.

"I know you fuckers aren't about to take a shot without me," says a voice from behind the bar. "That just won't do."

I look up to see a stunning, statuesque beauty swing in from the back of the bar. She steps up next to Saul, and I can't take my eyes off of her. This woman has curves to die for, with a perfect hourglass figure and full, red lips. Her shining, espresso-brown hair bounces in thick, luscious curls. She wears a smoking leather bustier with the Dante's Nine dice embroidered in gold, and a pair of skimpy jean cutoffs that show off her miles and miles of leg. She's the epitome of the biker pinup chick; Betty Paige meets Kat Von D.

And she's staring straight at Declan with eyes that are, shall we say, familiar.

"There she is!" Kip hoots, "Our dive bar princess!"

"Don't sweet talk me, Kip," the woman chides, batting her thick black eyelashes.

"Now the party can really start," Ollie grins, "Where have you been hiding, Dani?"

"I was steering clear from the likes of you," she shoots back, "That is, until I heard that my Declan was here."

Her Declan? I look over at the man in question for some sort of explanation. But my biker boy of a boss just holds this Dani's gaze. There's clearly more than a little history there, that's for sure.

"What are we waiting for?" Dani cries out, grabbing a bottle of Jack, "Let's drink to Declan! Our boy is back in town."

"To Declan!" the crowd chants, downing their shots together.

The fiery whiskey sears down my throat as I try to wrap my head around this scene. Who are these people that Declan calls family? And what is this "club" really all about? I don't have any reason to suspect that these people are anything more than a tight knit group of Harley lovers, but my gut is telling me there's more to the Forty-Five Club than meets the eye.

"Oh shit," Dani groans, her big brown eyes landing square on me, "You must think I'm such a bitch, I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Daniella. Dani, as they call me around here."

"I'm Kassenia," I tell her shortly. "I'm Declan's intern for the summer."

"Then you're in good hands," she says, winking at Declan. "We go way back, me and this guy. He knows how to treat a lady right. For a summer, at least."

I laugh along with the rest of them, but my heart is in knots of unreasonable jealousy. I know I have no right to feel protective, territorial even, but I can't help it. I barely even know Declan Tiberi, and I'm already thinking of him as mine. It's totally fucking nuts, I know, but there it is.

"Where are you from, Kassenia?" Dani asks, pulling a few draughts for the guys.

"I've been living in Berkeley," I reply, "Getting my masters."

"You one of them crunchy granola bitches?" asks the tiny brunette down the bar.

"Be nice," scolds the redhead, "Nothing wrong with getting an education."

"Like you'd know about that," howls the curvy blonde.

"I'd like to someday," the redheaded beauty pouts, "Maybe you can put in a good word for me at that school of yours, Kassenia?"

"Maybe," I smile.

"I'm Sherry, by the way," she goes on amiably, "The skinny bitch is Courtney, and the fat bitch is Wendy."

"I prefer 'full-figured'," Wendy sniffs.

I look at the three women at the end of the bar, at Dani slinging beers and banter. Are these the kind of women that Declan is used to hanging around with? Is this what he's looking for? And if so, what the hell am I thinking, trying to keep up? But then he looks over at me with those bottomless blues, and I know that he's brought me here for a reason. There's something we understand about each other that goes deeper than skin and bones, deeper even than the loyalty of brotherhood.

"I could use another shot," I tell him.

"This girl can drink!" Kip hollers, "She's A-OK in my book, Dec."

"And mine!" Ollie pipes in.

"We like her," Teddy and Frank say in unison.

"Me too," Sam says kindly, slinging a burly arm over my shoulder.

"She's all right, I guess," Chuck grumbles.

I smile at the assembled men as another round of shots comes our way. I may not feel entirely at home with Declan's brothers yet, but I'm sure as hell going to try and win them over. Just as I'm bringing my shot glass back up to my lips, I see John Baxter looking at me out of the corner of his eye. He gives me the smallest nod, a sign of respect from a reserved man like him. And more than anything else, that one little gesture tells me one thing for sure:

I'm in good hands.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

One thing becomes clear very quickly, once Declan's returned from his week away. My leisurely days here in Vegas are over. I'm here to develop my startup, after all, not just laze around the pool and shop on Declan's dime. But I'm prepared to meet his challenging demands, ready to prove that my idea for CrowdedNest is a worthy investment. Ready to prove that I'm worth this man's time and confidence.

My days fly by in a flurry of frenzied activity. The routine always begins the same way: I wake up early to snag some time in our building's gym, down a quick breakfast, and spend the afternoon with Declan, working on my business model. More often than not, we're out and about in Vegas, meeting his business connections for lunch meetings. The first time I see Declan in a finely tailored suit for one of these meet-ups, I nearly faint. He looks just as divine in Italian wool as he does in American leather.

I have to remind myself not to gawk at Declan as he introduces me to other wealthy businessmen. His entire manner shifts, when speaking to these powerful men. Gone is the daredevil grin, the scruffy jaw, the easy gait. He can slip in and out of venture capitalist mode in the blink of an eye. The constant transformation is dizzying. It also makes me wonder...which version of Declan is the honest version? The second I feel like I'm getting a read on him, he always shifts again.

While our mornings and afternoons are ruled by rigorous routine, that all changes as soon as the sun begins to set.

"We work hard so we can play harder," Declan tells me time and again. And he's not kidding with the "harder" part.

I never know heading out for the night with Declan where we're going to end up. Plenty of evenings, we head over to the Forty-Five Club to knock back whiskey with Declan's brothers. I get to know the members of Dante's Nine, as well as the other regulars who populate their inner circle.

It turns out that the club was founded by John Baxter, back in the eighties. Since its inception, there have only ever been nine members allowed at any given time. When someone leaves, a spot opens up. Membership is selective, exclusive. John Baxter, Chuck, and Kip are the only original members left. Ollie, Teddy, Frank, Sam, and Declan are all replacements for other men who left the club. I can never seem to get a straight answer out of anyone about why, exactly, someone would leave Dante's Nine. But I get the feeling I might not want to know.

The women of the Forty-Five Club are welcoming enough, once they start to realize that I'm not just a spoiled rich girl from Connecticut. I may have grown up privileged, but the shit I've lived through, my family's death, helps me empathize with their rougher upbringings.

But as many nights as we spend with the Dante's Nine crew, there are plenty of evenings that Declan and I spend on our own. As much as I'm coming to like the Dante's Nine family, I have to say that these nights alone with Declan are my favorite.

The first time he takes me out for a night at the casinos, I'm wound as tight as a coiled spring. As I slip into a brand new, emerald green dress, I can't quiet the little voice inside me that says, Remember what gambling did to your family. I know, intellectually, that blackjack is not the same as the shit my father was into, but the nerves are hard to shake.

"Where's my math genius?" I hear Declan's voice call from the great room, as I apply the finishing touches to my makeup.

"Just a sec," I call back, giving myself a long once-over in the mirror. My slinky, low-backed dress and sky-high black stilettos have me feeling like a Bond girl. I've applied a smoky eye and nude lip to complete the look, and gathered my hair into a high, sleek up-do.

I step out into the great room just as Declan is pouring out a couple glasses of fine rye whiskey for us to share. He's wearing a warm charcoal sport coat and perfectly fitted slacks. His unruly curls have been wrangled into place, and his razor sharp jaw sports just the right amount of stubble. His balanced, powerful form is a study in effortless strength, unpretentious grace. I nearly topple over on my heels as he looks up at me with those endless blue eyes.

"Wow," he says, turning to take a good look at me, "I don't know how you do it."

"Do what?" I ask, walking toward him. My heels click deliciously against the floor as I move. I can't help but love that sexy sound.

"You somehow manage to look more incredible every time I see you," he says, handing me a glass of whiskey.

"Right back at you, boss man," I smile, snatching the glass and carrying it over to the deep leather couch.

"You know, Kassie," he says, following me over to the couch, "I'm only your boss from nine until five."

"Duly noted," I reply, sipping on my drink.

"Here's to our first month together," he says, settling down beside me on the couch.

"Has it really been a month already?" I ask, amazed, "I feel like I just got here."

"Time moves pretty fast in Vegas," he says, "Think of how much you've already accomplished. All the people you've met. And now finally, we can move on to the next phase of our relationship."

"We...our...what?" I stutter.

"Playing blackjack together, I mean," he grins, "I can't believe I finally get to see you in action at the table."

"Oh. Right," I mumble, cheeks blazing.

"You gonna show me a thing or two at the casino tonight?" he asks.

"You know it," I reply, recovering from my awkward moment. I down the rest of my whiskey, and a shudder runs through my body as it hits me, hard. "Let's do this thing."

Walking onto the casino floor with Declan Tiberi at my side is like stepping into another life. The massive space around us is a kaleidoscope of color and shifting light, the air is electrified with sound and energy. I feel like the entire world is in orbit around this one place and time. The blood pumps clear and hard through my veins as I take in the glitzy kingdom.

"Shall we?" Declan says, offering his arm to me.

I wrap my slender arm around Declan's, letting my fingers brush against the tight muscles there. As ever, I feel a thousand eyes upon us as we make our way through the room. I've never been proud to be seen with a man before. But Declan has changed all of that. He's like a scorching sun, lighting up this entire joint. And I, the woman at his side, feel like his whole world tonight.

"Here's our spot," Declan says, drawing to a stop before a busy blackjack table, "I can feel it."

We step up to the game, and my pulse goes wild. I haven't played cards since I was an undergrad. I used to clean out the frat houses left and right. But that was before my family...No. I'm not going to think about them tonight. Tonight, it's just me and Declan, having a good time together.

We dive into the game, and the rush is unbelievable. Blackjack is all math, when you get down to it. And as it happens, math happens to be my strong suit. I know that counting cards is frowned upon, but I can't help using my prowess with numbers to rack up a few chips as the night goes on. I lose track of how much time goes by until I'm suddenly dragged out of the zone by a rogue bellow. My concentration shatters at the unexpected sound.

"Tiberi!" roars a voice down the table, "Fancy seeing you here, you sonofabitch!"

I look up toward the voice, only to be blinded by a barrage of diamonds and gold. Peering past the bling, I see a handsome, extremely tanned man with sleek black hair and a million dollar grin. He's probably hovering just shy of fifty, though his taut skin and white teeth make it impossible to say. He's decked out in an astoundingly fine suit, with more jewelry than I've ever owned in my life. Two busty blondes are perched on either side of him, sporting strings of fine jewels and more sequins than I thought even existed in the world. If he had a cigar between his teeth, he'd be a caricature of a high roller. But there's something powerfully dangerous about him that makes me take the man seriously.

Declan's face hardens into a cordial mask as he spots the man. I can tell in a heartbeat that this is not a welcome surprise for him. Still, he puts on a stiff smile and plays ball.

"Lorenzo," Declan says, reaching across the table to shake the man's bejeweled hand, "Always good to see you."

"Likewise, my good man," the man called Lorenzo says "Don't spot you around the casinos much these days. Hell, I haven't seen you outside of the ring in-"

"I'm showing my friend Kassenia around town," Declan says, cutting the man off.

"Ah, hello there," Lorenzo says, turning that gleaming grin my way.

"Hi," I smile, unsure of how to treat this person.

"Lorenzo is a friend too," Declan says. But the way his voice has tightened, I doubt that "friend" is exactly the right word, here.

"That's right," Lorenzo smiles, "I've known Declan since he first washed up in our fine little village of Las Vegas. In fact, you might say that I'm the reason he's done so well these past few years. I put this man on the map, Miss Kassenia."

"Is that so?" I ask.

"Sure," Declan says, signaling a passing waitress for another round, "I guess you might say that."

"When I met Declan, he was a rough-around-the-edges boxer trying to make a dime or two," Lorenzo says, leaning his elbows on the blackjack table, "I found him hanging around the Forty-Five Club, back when he was a brand new member of Dante's Nine. But I knew he had the potential to be great. I got him into the big leagues, as a boxer. Matches left and right, all around Vegas. That's how he started out, scraping money together in prize fights. Now he's all into this venture capitalist jazz."

"And I guess that's where I come in," I interject, seeing Declan grow more and more uncomfortable with every word of Lorenzo's. "Declan is investing in my new crowdfunding website. I'm here in Vegas as his intern for the summer."

"Well, isn't that nice," Lorenzo drawls, absentmindedly running a hand along one of his companion's bodies. The vacant woman doesn't even seem to notice. In a heartbeat, the man's smile transforms into a leer. I happily accept my replenished drink and swig heartily to hide my shudder of discomfort.

"I hope you won't get too distracted with all this mentoring you're doing, Tiberi," the man goes on, looking back and forth between us, "You've still got a pretty busy summer ahead. Lots of business obligations to take care of."

"I've got everything under control, Lorenzo," Declan answers coolly, "If memory serves, I've never had trouble holding up my end of a bargain."

"Just offering some friendly advice," Lorenzo says, pushing himself up from the table, "Wouldn't want you to go forgetting your priorities. You two have a pleasant evening. Lovely to meet you, Miss Kassenia."

Declan's jaw pulses with tension as Lorenzo wanders away with his arm candy. With one gulp, he downs his entire drink.

"Are you going to tell me what that was all about?" I whisper.

"Not here," he snaps, standing quickly, "Come on. This table is cold."

I hurry to follow Declan as he storms off the casino floor. His shoulders ripple with contained rage, and for the first time since meeting him, I'm truly frightened by what he might do next. He looks ready to punch in a wall-or someone's face. I've never seen him lose his temper before, but he's teetering on the brink right now. That Lorenzo character set him off in a big way. I have to bring him back down to Earth.

"Hey," I murmur, as we step out into the hot June night, "Declan, you still with me?"

"What?" he snaps, shoving a hand through his thick curls, "I...Jesus. Yeah. That guy just gets on my last fucking nerve."

"Forget about him," I say, taking Declan's hand in mine, "Let's just find some club, drink our asses off, and-"

"You had me at drink our asses off," he growls, slipping his arm around my waist. I lean against him as we make our way up and down the strip, ducking into whichever club or bar we please. The world blurs into a montage of unbelievable sights. Showgirls and sirens, limos and diamonds, caviar and champagne-the works. I match Declan drink for drink, or at least, I manage to for a while. The world around me grows ever more hazy, the edges of my vision closing in. I know where this night is headed, but I can't stop myself. I drink until the world goes black around me-Declan's concerned face is the last thing I see before I finally pass out, wasted.

I don't rise up from that boozy darkness until I hear the familiar ding of our building's elevator. My eyes flutter open as Declan nudges open the door of my suite, carrying me over the threshold in his arms. My signature nervous laughter starts to bubble up as he bears me across the suite. Embarrassment and delight war for control of my drunken mind.

"Well, hello sailor," I slur, giggling.

"Hello to you too," Declan says.

"How are you still upright?" I ask.

"I'm not much of a lightweight," he replies.

My head spins as Declan carries me into the bedroom. Is this my moment? I've had way too much to drink, that's for sure. All I know is that I'm tipsy as hell and horny as a motherfucker. And here's the man of my every fantasy, in my very own bedroom. I decide that I have to go for it. I'd be crazy not to.

Declan lays me down on the king sized bed, his voice warm and so, so close.

"Why don't you get some sleep?" he says.

"I'm not really in the mood for sleeping," I reply, pulling myself onto my elbows. My slinky dress pools around my waist, revealing the black lace garters I wore entirely or Declan's benefit. His eyes travel the length of my body, and I can feel my chest heaving. This is it. The moment I've been waiting for since my first night here.

"I want you," I whisper, laying a hand on Declan's perfectly sculpted thigh.

"I know," he growls, turning to face me.

"Do you...feel the same way?" I breathe, letting my hand travel just an inch higher.

Declan catches my wrist in his hand, his grip firm but gentle. His face is set, and I feel my heart begin to sink. Oh my god...have I made a total ass of myself?

"I'm sorry," I mutter, pulling away from him, "That was totally unprofessional. I've just had too much to drink tonight, that's all-"

"Kassie," Declan begins, his voice dripping with tamped-down need, "If you think for a second that I haven't been dying to touch you since the moment we met, you're out of your goddamn mind."

"Wh-what?" I stammer, "But I thought-"

"All I want is to lay you out across this bed, strip you down, and make you come, screaming my name," he rasps. "You're the most gorgeous woman I've ever met, Kassie. I'd kill for a taste of you."

"Then come here and taste me," I return, breathless with need, "If we both want to-"

"No," he says firmly, clenching his jaw. "Not tonight."

"Declan-"

"If you were just some one night stand, some nameless fling, there'd be no question," he says, running his fingertips across my collarbone. I writhe beneath his touch, my sex throbbing and wet between my legs.

"I've never wanted anyone like this before," I whisper.

"Neither have I," he says, edging toward me, "That's why we're going to wait."

"Wait?" I gasp, falling back against the pillows, "I don't know if I can."

"Well, you're going to have to," he replies, a grin blossoming on his face, "If we're going to do this, we're going to do it right. You deserve that."

"You're killing me, Tiberi," I groan, slapping the covers in exasperation.

"Trust me, Kassie," he says, bringing his lips toward mine, "It's going to be worth the wait. I'll make sure of that."

I tilt my face up to his, reaching to feel those full lips against my own. At least I'm going to get a goodnight kiss. But at the last second, Declan takes my face in his strong hands and presses his lips to my brow. I'm touched by this warm gesture and out of my mind with sexual frustration all at once. How is that even possible?

"Sweet dreams, Kassie," he whispers, his face inches from my own.

I stare after him wordlessly as he strolls out of my bedroom. My entire body is charged with pent-up desire, but my mind is too tired, too confused to deal. I let sleep rush in to claim me at last. As baffling as this night has been, at least there's a shiny silver lining. Declan does want me. And that little fact is enough to send me off to dreamland with a smile on my face.

CHAPTER TWELVE

My drunken admission of lust proves to be a game changer. From the moment I roll out of bed the next morning, I can feel that everything has shifted. Declan's true intentions for me are out in the open, now. The question is, when does he plan to make good on them? Is our getting-together inevitable, or could I still lose my chance to be with him?

He plays a very cool game, this Declan Tiberi. All week, as we work and play side-by-side, he makes no mention of our little...conversation. But even though we don't breathe a word about what passed between us, every single one of our interactions is charged with insane sexual tension. Now, every little touch and glance has a whole new meaning. Every word that trips across those gorgeous lips of his has a new subtext:

I'm going to have you.

I'm surprised I can't hear Kelly's squeal of delight clear across state lines when I tell her what's gone down over the phone.

"Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit," she gushes, "Kassie, I can't even...this is amazing. You are going to have the best first time story in the history of fucking."

"That does seem to be the case," I giggle, "That is, if it ever happens."

"What's it been, a few days?" Kelly asks, "He's just revving you up, I'm sure."

"I have to admit, I'm freaking out a little bit," I admit, "We haven't exactly had the 'I'm a virgin' conversation."

"What, that wasn't part of the job interview?" my best friend teases.

"Be serious," I urge, "What if he's too much for me?"

"What do you mean too much?"

"I don't know. What if I can't handle him? That would be so embarrassing."

"Kassie," Kelly says sternly, "You are a gorgeous, powerful, amazing woman with twenty-five years of pent up sexual energy to her name. He's the one who should be worried."

"But what if I...mess up?" I insist, blushing in my empty suite.

"What the hell does that even mean?" Kelly asks, bursting out laughing.

"I don't know, Jesus," I say, "Have a little heart, would you? I'm nervous."

"It's not like you've never been with a guy before," Kelly points out, "You've done everything but run the bases, right? This won't be any different, expect for one rather important detail. I know you want your first time to go well, but remember that virginity isn't actually a real thing. Your feminist ass was the one who taught me that. You're not losing any power, or any of your self by having sex with this guy. Just relax, enjoy yourself. You're going to fucking love it, OK?"

"OK," I breathe, "I'll just go with it. Everything will be fine."

"That's right," Kelly says, "And the second you hop off that gigantic cock he's surely rocking, you're going to call me and give me every single detail."

"Obviously," I laugh, rolling my eyes, "That'll be my first priority, Kel."

My cell begins to beep, telling me I've got another call. I glance down at the screen and see that it's Declan who's trying to catch my ear.

"Gotta pick up the other line, it's him," I tell Kelly.

"Here's hoping it's a booty call! Talk to you soon, you stud," she chirps.

I switch over to Declan's call, smoothing out the excitement in my voice as best I can.

"Hey there," I begin, "Do you need something, boss?"

"I do," he replies, that smooth, deep voice sending a thrill right down my spine. "I need you to get dressed for dinner. We're going out tonight. I think we've made a lot of progress in the past few days, and I'd like to celebrate it."

"Progress with my business model, you mean?" I ask, running a nervous hand through my hair.

"Sure," he replies, "Something like that. Just put on your finest and head downstairs."

"Where do I meet you?"

"Don't worry about that. I'll see you soon, beautiful."

And with that, he hangs up. I stare down dumbly at my phone. Declan and I have shared plenty of meals together, but this sounds remarkably like a date. Not that I'd know, or anything. Now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever really been on an honest-to-God date before. Most of my interaction with the opposite sex has happened in dorm rooms at two in the morning. What Declan's proposed is something else entirely.

"Man's full of surprises, isn't he?" I mutter, rushing to my closet to choose my outfit for tonight's landmark event.

I end up going with a black sheath dress in a classic 1960's cut. The way it subtly glances against my curves is just perfect, and the supremely low neckline is sure to please. I slip a strand of pearls around my neck and apply a dash of classic red lipstick. Declan isn't the only chameleon around here. I love going from biker chick to modern woman to retro babe-it makes me feel like I'm keeping up with Declan's ever-shifting persona.

Forcing myself to breathe deeply, I head down to the lobby, expecting to find Declan waiting for me. But the only person to be found is Franklin, our adorable doorman. He looks up from his ledger and sees me across the lobby as I step off the elevator. I'm surprised that actual steam doesn't start pouring out of his ears, given the look on his face.

"Good gracious," he says, eyes wide, "You look like a blonde Audrey Hepburn, Miss Bennett. Just stunning."

"I told you that 'Kassie' is just fine, right?" I ask, smiling at the kind older man.

"You sure did. I'll work up to it eventually," he nods, "Mr. Tiberi wants me to escort you outside, if I may."

"Oh...OK," I say slowly, accepting Franklin's arm, "What's out...?"

But my words trail off as we step through the doors, into the Vegas night. Idling on the curb is a sleek black limousine. The door swings open, revealing my enigmatic boss. Declan leans out, smiling at the dumbstruck look on my face.

"Your chariot, madam," he says, offering his hand to me.

As far as first dates go, this is going to be one for the history books.

"So, where are we going?" I ask, sliding into the limo beside Declan as Franklin closes the door behind me.

"To dinner, of course," Declan replies, taking my hand in his, "Thank you for coming out with me. You look stunning."

"Thanks," I smile, my heart swelling in my chest, "But Declan...can I ask what this is all about? Us going out like this-"

"I think you already know the answer to that," he says, holding my gaze.

"Did our little talk the other night bring this about?" I ask, fighting to stay cool.

"It certainly did," Declan replies, "You know that I want you, Kassie. And I know that the feeling is mutual. Isn't that an excellent way to start a date? Usually, there's so much uncertainty, and game-playing, and posturing. In case you haven't guessed, I hate that bullshit. I hope you won't mind my frankness, but I have every intention of taking you to bed tonight."

"I want that more than anything," I breathe.

"That's good," he grins, giving my hand a squeeze, "So we already know how tonight's going to end. Now, we can just enjoy ourselves. All I want is to get to know you a little better, Kassie. I'm done pretending that my interest in you is strictly professional."

"Me too," I say simply. What else is there to say? On top of everything else that makes this man perfect, he's also resolved not to play games with me? If this all turns out to be some crazy fever dream, I wouldn't be at all surprised.

I marvel at the sight of our fingers entwined together on the leather seat. How is it possible to get so turned on just by holding hands? I suppose that when the promise of finally sleeping together is locked up between those fingers, it only stands to reason. I look up at Declan Tiberi, decked out in a perfect black suit and thin red tie, his muscled body looking incredibly at ease in his fancy attire. I guess it's no mystery after all how he gets me so worked up.

We weave along the Vegas streets, hidden from the rest of the world by tinted windows. The driver's divider is up, too. We're totally alone back here. I shift in my seat as a deep, thudding need pulses in the very center of me. It would be so easy to straddle him right there on the seat, demand that he take me in my little black dress and pearls. But no-he's made it very clear that we're going to spend this evening getting to know one another. I don't think that knowing in the biblical sense will be welcomed until later.

"Here we are," Declan says, breaking up my dirty thoughts as the limo rolls to a stop.

The driver comes around to open my door, and I step out into the warm, dry air. A towering white hotel rises up before me, so high I have to crane my neck to see the top. The architecture is all grand columns and sweeping arches. I feel like I've stepped back in time to the days of ancient Rome.

Declan takes me by the hand and leads me into the decadent palace. He gives one cool look to the concierge, and we're led at once through a series of curtained corridors, away from the main building. I squeeze Declan's fingers, excited and nervous about being so wholly in someone else's care. But I guess that's his motive exactly. He can sense that I'm not someone who trusts, easily. But I have the feeling that if I can learn to trust anyone, it's him. I'm not saying it won't be a challenge, but it's a challenge that would be worth it.

When we finally emerge from the maze of hallways, it's through a set of tall French doors. I swallow a gasp as we step out into a secluded garden terrace. Tall shrubs shield the spot entirely from view-it's a perfectly quiet, perfectly private oasis...in the middle of Las Vegas. Delicate string lights hang overhead, and at the center of the space is a table, set for two.

"This is where we're having dinner?" I breathe.

"That's right," Declan says, escorting me to the table, "I thought it might be nice to have a bit of privacy."

The concierge pulls out my chair and hurries away the moment I'm seated, leaving me alone with my stunning date for the evening. I take in the sight of him, sitting across from me at this gorgeously set table, beneath a canopy of twinkling lights. It's all so perfect, so insanely ideal. And of course, because of this, I burst out laughing.

"That nervous laughter thing is no joke, huh?" he asks, leaning his elbows on the table.

"I'm s-sorry," I manage to choke out between bouts of laughter, "This whole thing is just...too much..."

"I wanted to show you a proper good time tonight," he says, "This seemed like a good place to start."

"No, it is," I say, gasping for breath, "It's just...how the hell can we be sitting here like this tonight, when just yesterday we were slugging back shots at the Fory-Five Club? How can you hop off your Harley, jump into the boxing ring, then slip on a tie and close some new investment deal? All before taking me out for the perfect date. I can't even get the start of a read on you, Mr. Tiberi."

"What can I say? I'm a multifaceted man," he smiles.

"A diamond is multifaceted," I say, "You are something else entirely."

A bottle of champagne is brought out to our table. Naturally. Declan waits for the servers to depart again and raises his flute to me.

"To our successful partnership so far," he says, "And to everything that's yet to come."

I take a hearty swallow, the bubbly drink tickling my nose. This whole getting-to-know-you thing isn't going to be easy, between the two of us. We're not exactly the most open and emotionally available pair. But I'm game. And a bit of liquid courage might just help the process along.

"Tell me, Kassenia," Declan says, reaching across the table for my hand, "How is it that I have you all to myself this summer?"

"Well, that was the arrangement," I remind him, "I move here, work with you-"

"What I mean is, why aren't you off enjoying your summer with friends? Or backpacking across Europe with your boyfriend instead?"

"You know full well that I don't have a boyfriend," I say, cocking an eyebrow at him, "And my closest friend is starting her new job before the summer is out. As for other people in my life...well, it's a long story."

"I'm just a bit amazed that some trust fund frat boy didn't try and snatch you up during college," Declan says, "Not that you're the kind of girl who lets herself get snatched up. But you can't honestly tell me there isn't a line of men already waiting for you, when you go back home to California."

"You really don't have anything to worry about," I insist, "I don't really...date much. Or ever, to be honest. I've never even had a boyfriend. Not a real one."

"How can that be possible?" he asks, shaking his head, "You're twenty-five, aren't you Kassie? By your age, I'm sure I'd had a slew of-"

"Definitely don't want to hear about your slew," I laugh, "But yeah, I don't know. My parents were really conservative, so I wasn't allowed to date before college. And once I was out of the house, I just never met anyone who understood me that well. I messed around a bit, but the relationship side of things never came into play."

"I see," Declan says, taking a sip of champagne.

"Aren't you going to say something like, 'A pretty girl like you should have had plenty of dates', or some bullshit?"

"Absolutely not," Declan says, "You didn't bother wasting your time with horny little boys. Someone as incredible as you shouldn't have to settle. I admit, it's giving me a bit of a big head, knowing that you think I'm good enough to keep around."

I choke on a sip of champagne. Very ladylike, to be sure.

"Come on," I say, "You have to know what a catch you are."

"Why, because I'm attractive and rich and drive a motorcycle?" Declan shoots back, "That's all well and good for picking women up at bars, but not so hot for attracting real, quality companionship. You probably know that better than anyone. What kind of guys have you ended up with, being as gorgeous and smart as you are?"

I think about the pouty Stephen, and the long line of jerks who came before him, and shudder. Everything that Declan's saying makes sense to me. It never occurred to me that his perfection could be a hindrance.

"I'm sorry," Declan says, shaking his head, "I feel like I'm not being entirely open with you. I'm playing a bit dumb about your past. That's just stupid."

"What do you mean?" I ask, taken aback.

"I have a confession," he says softly, rubbing his thumb against my hand, "I...know, Kassie. About what happened to your folks."

"You know...?" I breathe. The terrace seems to spin around me as I take his words in. "But how could you...?"

"I did my research, before our interview," Declan says, his voice gentle, "The internet isn't the best secret keeper, is it? There were local news articles, obituaries...I'm so sorry that you had to go through that. I can't imagine how gutted you must have been."

"You don't ever really stop going through a thing like what happened to me," I say softly.

Before I can go on, a team of servers bustle out through the French doors. Our table is furnished with a beautiful spread. I tamp down my sudden sadness, refusing to let my family's fate interfere with my happy evening. But Declan isn't through with his questions just yet. This new, tender topic hangs over us like thick smoke. I guess we have to have this conversation, then. If I'm going to try this being honest thing, I might as well go all the way.

"A stupid accident like that is such a tragedy," he says, taking a fork and knife to his juicy red steak, "I blame it on shitty construction. There's no reason something like that should happen in the first place. I mean, a carbon monoxide leak in the middle of the night? With your parents and sister asleep their beds? Someone should burn for that. Probably some contractor trying to cut corners. Who's enforcing the standards of quality? And why didn't some alarm go off? Unbelievable."

"You really did do your research, huh?" I ask, spearing some of my Caesar salad on my fork, "But for the sake of being perfectly open, Declan, there's a bit of information your missing that you won't find in any of the articles about my family's death."

"And what would that be?" Declan asks, rapt.

"The carbon monoxide...it wasn't a leak. It wasn't an accident," I say, keeping my eyes fixed firmly on the table, "My father let the air fill up with poison. On purpose. He killed my mother and my sister. And himself."

"Jesus," Declan breathes, taking both my hands fiercely in his, "Kassie...why would he do something like that? Are you sure that's what happened?"

"Oh, I'm sure," I say, struggling to keep my voice even, "He mailed his note to me at UCONN. It arrived the day after the memorial. He wrote to tell me that he would have taken me with them too, but he couldn't find a way to do it quickly enough. He was so desperate to be gone, to end it all, that he just...left me behind."

"But why?" Declan asks, "Why was he so desperate?"

"My family was very well off," I tell him, "My whole life, we'd never wanted for money. Both of my parents inherited wealth, and my father was a daring investor. But it turns out that his investing was really just high-stakes gambling. That was all well and good when things were going his way, but I guess that at some point, things took a turn for him. Just as I was about to finish undergrad, when the housing market was in shambles, my father's whole house of cards came falling down around his ears. I found out, once he was gone, that he'd lost everything."

"You were left with nothing," Declan says.

"Not a cent," I shrug, "The life insurance was barely enough to balance out his debts. I couldn't tell anyone what he'd actually done. I've had to listen to people praise my father as a good man, a brilliant business mind. If only everyone knew what he really was. A murderer. A fraud. A selfish, cruel man who kept my mother, sister and I locked away from the world and finally took them away forever. The man who abandoned me in the most devastating way."

Declan rises and comes to me. He pulls me up into his arms, cradling me against his chest. I press into his firm embrace, my pulse rushing. I've never spoken about the true nature of my family's death to anyone. Not even Kelly. No one knows why I've been plagued with nightmares about my poor Rosie, or why I've never been able to trust anyone, especially a man. But I believe in Declan. I want him to know every last thing about me.

"I can't believe you've had to carry the weight of this secret," he whispers, resting his chin on my forehead, "Thank you for trusting me enough to tell me."

"You're the only one who knows," I say, peering up at him. I'm suddenly very aware of just how close we are. Our bodies are pressed together beneath the twinkling canopy of lights. His serious, stunning face is backlit by the soft glow. I don't believe in God or heaven-but in this moment, he still looks like an angel to me.

"I want you to know that you can trust me," Declan says, his hands trailing down to the small of my back, "Not just with this. With everything. With you, Kassie."

"I want to trust you," I whisper, "I'm pushing myself to trust you. But it's hard, Declan. I need you to be patient with me."

"Of course," he says, his voice low and gruff.

"And I need you to be as open with me as I am with you," I add, resting my hands on the hard panes of his chest.

"I...can do that," he says, looking at me intently, "I can try. I'm no more accustomed to letting people really know me than you are."

"I guess we'll just have to teach each other," I smile, letting my arms slip up around his muscled neck.

"I don't know about you," he says, wrapping his arms firmly around my waist, "But I'm not too interested in dinner, anymore."

"How funny. Neither am I," I smile.

As I look up into Declan's vibrant blue eyes, a wash of understanding crashes through my body. This is really happening. I'm about to put myself in this man's hands, give myself to him in that way I never have before. I feel his thick, taut body hard against my own. There's raw power rippling through him, just beneath the skin. I want to know that power, feel it run through me. He's the one. And tonight, he's all mine.

"I'm going to need you to kiss me now," I whisper, leaning into his embrace.

He brings his strong hands to my face, his sculpted features intense and sure. I can feel the unstoppable desire in his gaze, the sheer strength of his passion. And it's all for me.

"Good thing," he growls, lowering his lips to mine, "Because anything else would be a filthy lie."

Declan catches my lips with his, our mouths meeting at last. I open myself to him, welcome his strong tongue as it glances against my own. The taste of him sends my senses spinning as I run my fingers through his thick dark curls. Daringly, I catch his bottom lip in my teeth, tugging ever-so-gently. He sucks in a huge breath, pulling me tightly against him. I grind my hips against his and feel him, hard and long against me. His growing desire can barely be contained by even the most well made suit, it seems.

"Let's go," he says, letting his hands glide over the firm rise of my ass, "I think it would be poor form for me to fuck you right here on the table."

Speechless, I simply step back and take his hand. Declan leads me away from our secluded little garden, back through the darkened maze of the hotel, and out to the front steps where our limo is still waiting. I slide into the private back seat, knowing full well that I won't be able to wait until we get back to the hotel to get my hands back on Declan. I all but pull him in after me, and we take off through Vegas like a shot.

"Come here," I gasp, finally making good on my desire.

I press Declan's shoulders back against the leather seat, straddling him. My skirt bunches up around my waist as I bring my lips to his neck. I kiss him deeply as his hands run down the length of my eager body. His fingertips find the tender skin of my thighs, gliding upward toward my sex. A low moan escapes my throat as he goes on, letting his fingers brush against the thin panel of fabric between my legs. I'm already wet for him, and he groans as he feels it.

"Can you even know how much I've wanted this?" he growls, trailing his fingers along the length of my slit, "How much I've ached to know how you feel? How you taste?"

I bring my hands to the staggering rise in his pants, running my fingers down the length of him. He arches his back against the leather as I stroke him-our hands on each other's bodies, just where we've been dying to feel them most.

"You're not the only one," I tell him.

We manage to pry ourselves off each other as the limo rolls to a stop in front of our building. I smooth down my skirt and will my breath to even out as the driver opens our door. I step quickly into our building, flashing Franklin a smile as I pass by on Declan's arm.

"You two back already?" he asks.

"We're light eaters," Declan replies, hurrying me into the elevator. I spot Franklin shaking his head with a knowing smile as we disappear into the car.

As we're whisked away from the ground, Declan wastes no time. He pushes me up against the wall of the elevator, bringing his mouth hungrily to my throat. I close my eyes in bliss as he trails his lips down along my neck, my collarbone, my chest. He's just about to reach for the zipper of my dress when it suddenly occurs to me-there's another secret that I haven't shared with him just yet.

"What's wrong?" Declan asks, "You've just gone sheet white."

"It's...Well..." I stammer, resting my hands on his broad shoulders.

"You can tell me, Kassie," he says, cupping my chin in his hand, "Full disclosure, remember?"

"Right," I nod, "OK. The thing is...I've sort of been lying by omission. About my romantic history, you could say."

"Go on," he says, nodding interestedly.

"I haven't been shy about messing around with guys in the past," I say quickly, "But for all of my casual hookups and everything...I've never properly...Um..."

"Are you saying...?" Declan trails off, his eyes wide.

"I haven't actually had sex before," I say with one of my nervous laughs, "I'm a virgin, Declan. If we sleep together tonight...it'll be my first time."

A long moment of silence passes between us. Declan simply takes me in, his eyes fixed on my face. Just before my mind tips into the mire of self-consciousness, he presses his lips to mine. His kiss is deep, searing, full of something far stronger than lust, and every bit more intoxicating. I blink up at him as he pulls away, overcome with the sudden depth and ferocity of his desire.

"I promise you," he says, his voice rasping, "I will make this exactly what you want it to be. I'm honored to be your first, Kassie. Let me show you how incredible it can feel, being with another person like this."

"Show me," I breathe, "I want you to."

The elevator doors whisper open, and Declan all but carries me onto the landing. I move to the door of my suite, nerves and eagerness making my fingers tremble. But Declan catches me by the wrist and draws me back.

"If you don't mind too much," he says, slipping an arm around my waist, "I'd like to show you my place."

In the many weeks I've spent working alongside this man here in Vegas, I've never once seen his suite. Even though it's only a few paces away from my own front door, I've never been invited inside. We've always worked in my own rooms, or at an outside office. I have the feeling that very few women are allowed within Declan Tiberi's actual home.

"That sounds good," I manage to say, finally.

Smiling, Declan leads me forward. He unlocks the door that's emblazoned with a stately golden "A", and pushes open the portal to his private life. We cross the threshold together, and I can sense that we've moved past something far more significant and vast than a doorway. I lift my eyes to take in Declan's home for the first time as the lights fade up.

The suite is a perfect mirror image of my own, as far as layout is concerned. The far wall is all tinted windows, the rooms are in the same places. But whereas my apartment is filled with charming antique details, fine art, handcrafted pieces; Declan's is sleek and minimalistic. Everything is smooth, economical, high tech. Each gadget and appliance is top of the line, the newest models of every convenience populate the space. Now this is the home of a wealthy venture capitalist, not a biker or a boxer. Does that mean that Declan is mostly a businessman at heart? Or simply a renegade with a soft spot for techie toys?

I cease to care the moment I feel Declan's hands upon me once more. His powerful frame backs me up against the front door as he pins my hands up over my head. He presses against me, his member hard against my thigh. He's ready, and I'm willing. I grab onto his shoulders and swing my legs up, wrapping them around his tapered waist. Declan takes me up in his arms, striding across the room. He holds me there as if I weigh nothing at all. I kiss him hungrily, endlessly, drunk already on the taste of him.

In a few long steps, we've made it to his bedroom. I take in the space as he sets me down, giving me a moment to breathe. The room is militaristically spare, but elegant in its simplicity. There's not a single thing out of place. Just a wide, crisp bed, standing there before us. I always feared that I'd lose my virginity on some douche bag frat boy's futon. Or in a shitty motel. Or on my wedding night once I'd settled for lack of faith that I'd even find someone who drove me wild. But if I could have known that this would be the place...A slow smile spreads across my lips as I realize just how incredible this is.

Declan steps up behind me, wrapping his arms around my waist. I fold into his embrace, closing my eyes. His hands travel all across my body, cupping my breasts, feeling the dip of my waist, my lean thighs and firm ass. And all the while, I can feel his manhood pressed against me, stiff and throbbing with want of me. Little old Kassenia Bennett from Fairfield, Connecticut. This perfect, gorgeous man wants me.

His hands find the zipper of my little black dress. I shiver as he slides the tab down along my spine. My breath comes hard and quick as Declan guides the straps down over my shoulders, and the garment falls to the floor beneath me. I turn to face him, sitting down on the very edge of the bed and spreading my knees wide.

"Oh my god, Kassie," he groans, sinking to his knees between my spread legs, "Are you trying to give me a heart attack?"

I glance down at the lacy black corset wrapped around my torso, the matching black thong that barely covers me. I toy with a silky black garter and give Declan a smile.

"What, this old thing?" I ask, "Just thought I'd dress for the occasion."

"You knew this was going to happen tonight?" he asks, laying his hands just above my trembling knees.

"I hoped," I tell him, falling back onto my forearms. His bed is softer than it looks, just forgiving and firm enough.

"You still want this?" he asks, running his hands up along my thighs, "I want you to be absolutely sure."

"Yes," I breathe, meeting his intense gaze, "Declan, I want you more than anything. I want you to be to one to take my virginity. I need you to. I've never wanted anyone like this before in my life."

"I know the feeling," he whispers, bringing his lips to soft skin of my thigh. "Just relax, Kassie. I know how to take care of you."

"I'm sure you do," I say, biting my lip.

"Lay back," he tells me, pushing my knees even further apart.

I swallow hard, flattening my back against his bed. Declan plants his knees on either side of me, pulling me up onto the mattress so that I'm laid out beneath him. He lets his eyes run all along my body, like he's trying to memorize how I look here.

"Gorgeous," he murmurs, running a finger along the band of my panties, "Absolutely fucking gorgeous..."

I gasp as his hand slips beneath that thin lacy fabric. He goes slowly, stroking his fingers all along the length of my wet, aching sex. With every pass, he parts me just a little more, a little deeper. I bury my hands in my hair, brought more alive with this simple touch than I've ever felt. I feel him press two fingers against me, right where I want to feel them.

"God yes," I groan, "I want to feel you inside, Declan."

At my word, he slips his fingers between my silky lips, sliding inside of me. The pressure of him there, as he strokes that hidden, pink flesh, lights a fire inside of me. I want to be filled with this man. Entirely. No inch left untouched. Unexplored.

"Holy shit," I cry out, as Declan lays his fingers against my hard clit. The sensation takes me by surprise, it's so strong.

"Do you like this?" he asks, tracing deft circles around that tender bundle of nerves.

"Yes, yes," I gasp, "That's it..."

Sensation builds up in the very core of me, spilling out along my every nerve. I'm barreling toward bliss with every move Declan makes. He bears down on that sensitive button, flicking and kneading with expert skill. I writhe beneath him, breathing fast, unable to control myself any longer.

"I'm so close," I moan.

"Good," he growls, "I want you to come for me, Kassie."

He doesn't need to tell me twice. I give in to the overwhelming waves of pleasure. I'm swept along, unable to control my impassioned cries as bliss ripples through me. I've never had a man touch me like that, never known that a partner could make me feel so good. So cared for.

I open my eyes, awash in buzzing pleasure, and look up at him in amazement. Declan kneels over me, grinning and content. And hard as a fucking rock in those trousers of his. He's gotten even more turned on, just making me happy.

"If you don't fuck me right this second," I pant, "I might lose my damned mind."

Declan doesn't waste any time talking. He shucks off his designer sports coat, tossing it across the room like a three-dollar tee. I race to unbutton his crisp white dress shirt as he tears open the buckle of his belt. The layers obscuring his body from me fall away one by one, until only a pair of black briefs hide his completely naked form.

Even kneeling, he towers above me. His perfectly shaped muscles flex with contained lust, his inky tattoos standing out against his tan skin in the low light. His form is perfectly balanced, his dark curls hang loosely just above his shoulders. And as ever, his eyes could drown me if I let myself fall into them.

"You're gorgeous," I murmur in wonder.

"You're gorgeous," he replies, "Let me see all of you."

I reach around my back and unclasp my corset. The tight garment falls away from my body, letting my breasts spill out of their restricting cage. I kneel before Declan, wearing nothing but my tiny black thong. All of a sudden, my confidence wavers. I'm just a kid. A little girl, compared to this Adonis of a man.

But I know with one look that that's not what Declan sees. He closes the space between us, pulls me into his arms. His lips find mine once more as he lowers me down onto the bed with him. We lay side-by-side, our tongues glancing and tangling, as our hands explore the bodies we've lusted so long for. I can tell that Declan is trying to go slow, be gentle. But there's only so long we can restrain ourselves.

I tug Declan's briefs down over his hard, sculpted ass and finally, at long last, take his massive cock in my hands. I work my fingers over the mind-blowing length of it as Declan moans in pleasure. I need both hands to even come close to taking all of him in my grasp. But feeling that hard, throbbing length only makes me more eager to know what it would feel like to have him slip inside of me.

Declan slides my thong down my thighs, tossing it across the room. I let my hands rest on his rippling torso, my fingertips dancing along his every defined muscle.

"I just want to sink inside of you," he says, brushing the hair out of my eyes.

"Do it," I tell him, "I'm ready for you."

He kisses me hard, telling me everything I need to know. I'm safe. We're here together. Everything is OK. He grabs a condom from the bedside table and rolls it down the length of his shaft. I take a deep breath as he lowers his powerful hips. My knees fall further apart as I open myself to him. A little gasp escapes my lips as I feel the tip of him, pressing against my wet slit. Little by little, he presses. That thick, pulsating rod parting my tight pink lips. My mouth falls open wordlessly at that new pressure I could never have imagined; it can only be described as mind numbing painful-pleasure. I expected there to be more pain, discomfort-but there is also a sense of fullness, of closeness, as he eases into me.

"You're so tight, Kassie," he groans, as at last I've taken every last inch of him.

"It's just your massive cock that makes it feel that way," I grin breathlessly, high on the feel of him, "Let me feel more..."

He draws back and thrusts into me, driving deeper into my throbbing core. I lean into his every pass as he bucks his hips, letting me feel him in the deepest parts of me. I'm dizzy with sensation, high on wanting more. I wrap my legs around his waist and pull him deeper as he drives into me with abandon. Our gentle intentions are subsumed by an insatiable need to have as much of each other as we can get. We move madly together, bucking and clutching. Our voices entwine in the air all around us, an ecstatic cacophony.

Just as I feel myself edging back toward the heights of bliss, I push Declan's shoulders, urging him onto his back. He pulls me on top of him, bouncing wildly on his cock. I shove my hands through my hair, letting him see my breasts, my hips, my eyes. His hands find my waist, his grip tight and urgent.

"You feel so fucking good, Kassie," he growls, his face flushes.

"Good," I groan, riding him as hard as I can, "I want you to come inside me. I want to feel you-"

My words choke off as his fingers fly to my throbbing clit. He barely has to touch me there before I'm coming, hard. I'm balanced on his member, writhing in bliss, as he lets himself go. I'm surprised I can feel it through the condom, the warm rush that gushes into me as he comes, hard too. We ride out the waves of our pleasure together, holding onto each other for dear life. We're beyond words now, beyond cares or even thoughts.

And it's perfect.

When finally we come down from those soaring heights, I curl myself against his bare chest. He pulls me close, his every movement languorous and spent. I press my back to his chest as his arms enclose me, sheltering me. He rests his cheek against mine as we lay together, amazed and speechless in the wake of what we've just shared. We don't need to talk about it. Not just yet. It's enough to lie here together. To fall asleep to the gentle, even rhythm of his breathing.

Dim light filters through the blinds when I finally open my eyes the next morning. A slow smile spreads across my face as I remember where I am, what's transpired. I peer over my shoulder to find Declan's sleeping face. I'm moved by how peaceful, how at ease his usually intense features seem, now.

Not wanting to wake him, I slip noiselessly out of bed. Smiling, I slip into his discarded white shirt and pad off in search of the bathroom. I want to freshen up before he wakes up. Steal a toothbrush, maybe. I spot a door across the room, where the bathroom of my own suite is situated, and cross to it. The door itself is especially heavy. I have to yank, hard, to make it budge an inch.

That's a strange design flaw, I think to myself, as the door finally swings open. But then, I raise my eyes and take in what lies beyond the threshold.

The walls are hung with every sort of gun I could imagine, and many I couldn't begin to. Cubbies and lockers are filled with ammunition, overflowing, even. This is no civilian's gun collection. This is a weapons locker. A bunker. A goddamn war chest. I stand, staring at the array of deadly machinery spread out before me. The gauzy, brilliant dream of last night rises away like a trail of smoke. I look back at Declan's sleeping form, my heart heavy.

Of course this couldn't just be easy.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

My entire body trembles under the hot stream of the shower. I run my shaking hands through my hair, willing my mind to quiet down. Having finally located the actual bathroom, rather than the secret armory of Mr. Declan Tiberi, I try to force deep breaths into my lungs. My hyperventilating and occasional bouts of nervous laughter will hopefully be drowned out by the gushing water.

"I'm sure there's some sort of explanation," I tell myself. There has to be some good reason for Declan's stockpile of deadly weapons. Maybe one of the companies he invests in makes recreational firearms, and he's trying out the merchandise? Maybe he's a doomsday prepper? Or...OK, I don't actually have any legitimate guesses. But a girl can hope. Maybe my ever more mysterious lover will be able to shed some light on the subject when he wakes up.

Lover. The word rolls around sensuously in my mind. The events of last night pop into my thoughts like fireworks, each more delicious than the next. I remember Declan's hands roving all over my body, the unimaginable sensation of taking him inside of me for the first time. Kelly was right-I don't feel like a different person. Nothing has magically transformed in me, now that I've slept with a man for the first time. What has changed, though, is my need for Declan Tiberi. Having had him once, I don't think I'll ever be able to let him go.

I run my own hands along my slender stomach, my round breasts. My body is still sparking with sensation after last night. Every little touch feels magnified. As the sound of the shower echoes off the cavernous bathroom's corners, I lean against the wall of the shower. Closing my eyes, I let myself get lost in memories of last night. I imagine Declan's gorgeous face inches away from my own. I remember how his tongue flicked against my skin, caressed every inch of me-

"Mind if I join you?" asks a sexy, sleepy voice from above.

I jerk back to the present, blinking up into the warm mist. Declan is framed by the shower door, smiling down at me. And, of course, he's totally naked. I stare, transfixed, as that beautiful body eases into the shower beside me.

"Good morning," he says, lifting me into his arms.

"M-morning," I stammer, unsure of what one says to the man she's just lost her virginity to...who also happens to have quite a few guns and various other killing machines locked away in his home.

"How do you feel?" he asks softly, pushing a strand of wet hair away from my eyes. "I hope that last night was everything you hoped."

"I feel...amazing, and a little sore," I tell him honestly, "Declan, last night was just...perfect."

"For me too," he says, letting his hands fall on my hips, "You have no idea how important it was for me that you enjoyed yourself. It's all I wanted, to make you happy."

"'Enjoyed myself' is a bit of an understatement," I grin, leaning into his arms.

"Even better," he smiles, "Showing a gorgeous, brilliant woman exactly how wonderful it can be, having someone to touch. Kiss. Lick..."

I can feel that he's hard, even now. And despite all the questions I have about the stockpile of weapons I just came across, there's no way I'm going to bring them up now. He's like a glowing beacon, this man, and I'm just a moth moving ceaselessly toward his light. I couldn't turn away if I tried. Not that I'd ever want to. Just when I thought that I couldn't possibly feel more turned on, my every cell rallies to him.

"I hope you had as good a time as I did," I say, my voice low and lusty.

"Are you kidding?" Declan asks, running his hands along my sides, "I've never met a woman quite like you, Kassie. Someone who can turn me on with one touch."

"One touch?" I ask, bringing my hands to his thick, stiff cock. "You mean...something like this?"

"Just like that," he groans, planting his hands on the shower wall to steady himself.

I run my fingers along the sensitive length of him, marveling at the sight of such an impressive cock. I've never once thought that a man's...manhood could be beautiful. But Declan's? It's like a work of art. A fine sculpture, maybe. A high-performance automobile. Or perhaps something a bit tastier than all that...

"Kassie," he groans, as I sink down onto my knees before him. He can guess at what I want, the sudden urge that's claimed me.

"May I?" I ask, cupping his firm balls in one hand as I stoke along the length of him, "I want to know how you taste."

"Fuck yes," he says. "You don't ever have to ask-"

"I want you to tell me to suck it," I insist.

"Suck my cock," he says, his voice deep. "I want to feel your throat."

His salacious words light a fucking fire deep inside my core. I keep my eyes on his as I bring my lips slowly to his rock hard member. He sucks in a breath as I let my tongue trail all along the ridge of his swollen head. I wrap my lips around the tip of him, sucking gently. Declan arches his back, his eyes screwed up in bliss.

"I never thought I'd say this..." I tell him, "But I love your cock, Declan. Is that even all right to say out loud?"

"It's sexy as hell, is what it is," he tells me.

There's no way I could ever fit his entirety in my mouth. It's far too huge to even think of. I wrap both hands around his shaft and work them up and down as I take more and more of him into my mouth; desperate to fit him as far back in my throat as I can. My tongue glances against him as I lose myself in his taste, the feel of him inside of me once more. He bucks his hips, leaning into my caress. I can feel him growing harder, the longer I go on.

He throbs against my tongue as I ease him further in. I wish I could take all of him, but it's enough just to have his taste dance across my tongue. I've never let a man finish in my mouth before, always insisted they pull out. But for this man? I might just make an exception. Not yet, though. I want to hold him here, right at the height of pleasure.

"Kassie," he breathes, "I'm close-"

"Good," I murmur, letting his cock slip out of my mouth. I have a better idea for this particular romp in the shower.

I stand before him and turn my back, leaning my forearms against the shower wall. I curve my spine, tipping my firm ass into the air. A low growl escapes Declan's throat as he catches my meaning, and I feel his hands run down along my back.

"Jesus," he says, closing the space between us, "Just when I think you can't get any sexier, you just keep on proving me wrong."

"Just fuck me," I grin.

I gasp as I feel his throbbing member pressing against me. What will it be like, taking him this way? I hold my breath as I feel him slipping up inside of me from behind. My last night's orgasm rears up to greet me again as Declan drives into my body. I cry out, amazed at how deeply I can feel him. It's like he's going to go right through me. I thought that I'd felt the very edges of where he could take me last night, but I know now that Declan has so much more to show me. So much more to teach me.

"That's so good," I groan, steadying myself against the wall.

"It gets so, so much better," he breathes, his voice rasping in my ear.

Like a flash, he brings an able hand to my sex. His fingers find my clit as he thrusts into me, the doubled sensation sending me into a tailspin. I scream out my pleasure as his cock parts my silky flesh, colliding with tender places I never knew existed. He bears down on that hard little button, and I swear my legs are going to give out any second. I whip my face toward him and catch his lips in a searing kiss. Our mouths meet as he thrusts into me, as hard and as deep as he can.

And at once, we're both goners.

We come together, pressed flat against the shower wall. Our bodies writhe as pleasure spills through us, leaving us warm and happy in its wake. As the sensation fades, we're left in a buzzing afterglow. Our heaving chests move as one as we stand, speechless, beneath the spray of the shower. In twenty four hours, I've had more incredible sex than I thought someone could expect in a month. Something tells me that Declan is going to prove a lot of my preconceived notions wrong this summer.

Slowly, I spin around to face him. He looks down at me, his curls wet, water streaming over his every muscle. My hands rake lightly along his smooth pecs, his chiseled abs. But as ever, it's his eyes that capture me. We lock gazes, and I feel my stomach flip. He always looks at me like a good friend, with warmth and humor. Only this time, I could swear that there's something new behind that gaze of his. Something that looks a lot like affection? Dare I say...love? But that can't be.

"Let's actually get ourselves cleaned up," he laughs, breaking away from my look, "I thought we could spend the day at the pool, before we head over to the Forty-Five."

"Right," I reply, shrugging off the intense moment, "Yeah, that sounds like a plan."

I'm probably just mistaken about his rather intense gaze. After all, Declan and I are just lovers. Just two consenting adults sleeping with each other. Hell, it's contractually stated that there's to be no talk of love between us, ever. We'll be fond of each other, and good to each other for as long as the summer lasts. But I know without asking that it's best to leave love out of this.

The question is, why? Why the insistence that I don't fall in love with him? Why does he now know everything about my past, but I don't have a clue about his? And for God's sake, what's with the guns, and the biker club, and who knows what else?

But I suppose those questions are for another time. Right now, all I can do is enjoy every second of this wild ride I'm on with him. I snap my attention back to the present, back to the beautiful man before me. We lather each other up, goofing off like a couple of carefree kids. But I get the feeling that Declan hasn't been carefree in a very long time. I only wish I could know the things that weigh on his heart. Maybe I could be some kind of help?

One thing is certain: I'm not going to be able to stand being kept in the dark much longer. I don't need there to be some deep, abiding love between us, but I do need there to be trust. And trust, in this case, is going to require a lot of answers on his part.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

After weeks of restraining ourselves, Declan and I have a lot of catching up to do. We spend an entire week reveling in orgasmic bliss, exploring each other's bodies. I thought there'd be more of a learning curve for me, but with a teacher like Declan Tiberi, I make up for lost time when it comes to making love. Now that I've let him in, I can't imagine having lived without sex for so long. But part of me still knows that, had anyone else been my first, it would be an entirely different matter. All told, I'm glad that I waited for Declan to come along before losing my virginity. But now that he's here? The game is on.

By the time July is underway, Declan and I have given up on all pretenses about being merely business partners to one another. Between us, there's no more playing at not being attracted to each other. But when it comes to the rest of the world, our relationship is a bit more hazy. When we meet with Declan's business partners, I play the eager intern. In the casinos, we let ourselves flirt outright. At the Forty-Five Club, we don't hide our feelings, but I can sense that Declan is still shy about being too overt. I can't help but wonder if he's trying to spare the feelings of Dani, his former fling.

The only person who knows exactly how I feel about Declan, save the man himself, is Kelly. As suspected, she absolutely loses her shit when I tell her that my "v card" has finally been punched. Her elated cries are so loud that Declan overhears the call from the next room.

"What was that all about?" he asks, as I step out of my bedroom.

He's lounging on the sofa of my suite, computer on his lap. We're working into the night, testing the CrowdedNest.com layout that our web designer has whipped up. In his dark jeans and white tee shirt, Declan is the picture of effortless cool. I feel a tug just behind my navel the second I see him, drawing me toward him.

"I hope you don't mind, I told Kelly about us," I say, joining him on the couch.

"It's fine by me," he says, moving the computer out of the way to make room for me on his lap. I settle myself between his legs, pressing my back against his firm chest. He wraps his arms around me as we look out over the strip together.

"I won't mention anything about us to anyone else," I assure him, "Kelly's really the only person I'm close to in my life. Except for you, of course."

"I know, Kassie," he says, "Really, it's OK."

"It just seems like you'd rather keep things between us on the DL," I say, broaching the subject for the first time, "I get it. It wouldn't make sense to tell anyone else. Or show them, rather. I mean, what would your brothers think?"

"My brothers would lose their shit," he smiles, "You know the club loves you."

"Most of the club," I reply.

"They're not all going to show it is all," Declan tells me, "Ollie, Sam, Kip, they're big softies. I'm convinced that Teddy and Frank only know about a hundred words between them. Chuck is always gonna be a mean sonofabitch. And John? You'd know if he didn't want you around, I'll just say that."

"I believe you, if you say they're fine with me hanging out," I go on, "But it's already been a month and change since I started showing up. At some point, won't enough be enough for them? It doesn't seem like the Forty-Five Club has many casual outsiders."

"That's true," Declan says, running his hands along my bare arms.

"Don't get me wrong, I love hanging out with your brothers," I say quickly, "I've never had more fun in my life than I do at the Forty-Five. But it just seems like the other women there...well, there seems to be a certain type of woman-"

"You're not just another piece of ass for Dante's Nine to pass around, if that's what you're asking," Declan cuts me off.

"Well...what am I then?" I ask, "To you, I mean?"

I feel Declan swallow a sigh. "I'm not sure if I can give you a simple answer to that question, Kassie."

"Could you try?" I ask, turning around to look at him.

"We're having an amazing summer, aren't we?" Declan says, his smile tight, "Why don't we just leave it at that? Why complicate things?"

"Things are already complicated for me," I tell him, "And I get the feeling that they are for you, too."

"What are you talking about?" he asks, tension creeping into his voice.

I pull myself away from him, to the other side of the couch. I didn't mean to open up any cans of worms, here. We've been having such an amazing, sexy, carefree week. But this honeymoon phase isn't going to last forever. I'm not OK with being kept in the dark.

"I've been honest with you about my past, Declan," I begin, hugging my knees to my chest, "You know everything about me. Where I come from, what happened to my family, all my baggage-I haven't left anything out. Doesn't it seem a bit...unbalanced that I don't know anything about you?"

Declan stares at me, long and hard. His expression is totally unreadable. I hold my breath, waiting for him to speak. Is he furious with me? Amenable? I just don't know. After what feels like a decade, he finally wrenches his jaw open and speaks.

"What is it that you want to know?"

"Everything, for a start," I tell him, my breath catching in my throat.

"Well. Let's start with what you already know about me, then," he says. Every word seems like a tremendous effort. "I'm not used to this sort of thing. But these are...special circumstances. You'll have to forgive me if I'm not very good at this...sharing thing."

"We could both use some practice," I allow.

"I just want you to know that I wouldn't do this for anyone," Declan tells me, "In my life, I've never met a woman who would ask for honesty like this. Certainly no one I'd be willing to be honest with."

"I understand," I reply, resting my chin on my knees, "I've never been honest with any man in my life, either. But you're worth the risk, Tiberi."

"Back at you, Bennett," he says, the smallest smile gracing his full lips, "Why don't you start me off, here? What is it you want to know about?"

"It's tough to pick just one thing," I laugh lightly, "But if you don't mind...I'd love you to start by explaining the weapons locker in your apartment."

A stifled groan slips past Declan's lips. "Fuck, I left that unlocked? You weren't supposed to find that," he says.

"So I gathered," I reply, "But here we are. Why does a businessman, athlete and motorcycle...enthusiast need so many guns?"

"That's a very big question," Declan sighs, planting his feet firmly on the ground, "But the simple answer is, I didn't start out my adulthood as any of those things. Before I was a venture capitalist, or a boxer, or a member of Dante's Nine...I was a soldier."

"Right," I say, "You were in the military."

"Yeah," he answers ruefully, "But my life as a warrior started long before I enlisted."

"Tell me about it," I say softly, reaching for his hand. He lets me lace my fingers with his as he draws in a deep breath.

"All right," he says finally, "The truth, then. I've been fighting for my entire life, Kassie. The earliest memories I have are of me, facing off against my old man. He was a drunk, and a mean one. Until I started elementary school, I just assumed that all dads hit their wives and kids. I let him get away with his shit until I was old enough to realize that my anger towards him, my resentment...it was justified."

"I'm so sorry, Dec," I say, rubbing my thumb against his hand, "No kid should have to go through that."

"Most parents fuck up their kids one way or another," he shrugs, "My dad was just upfront about it. Some kids don't realize until they're grown the damage their parents have done along the way."

"Tell me about it," I mutter.

"Sorry Kass," he says, "I know you had a shit time as a kid, too."

"We're not talking about me right now," I remind him.

"Right," he replies, "It's the Declan Tiberi's Fucked Up Childhood Hour. Anyhow, my mom wasn't much help. Self-medicated her way through the marriage, left me to fend for myself. Around the time I was fifteen or so, I started getting wise to the fact that my dad wasn't anything but a broken down, weak-willed asshole. That was also around the time I shot up like a damned weed. All of a sudden, I was six feet tall, strong as a bull. Dad couldn't knock me around so easy anymore. And he hated me for that. One night when I was sixteen, he tried to take me on one last time. I kicked the shit out of him. Could have killed him if my mom hadn't snapped out of it and pulled me off him. He kicked me out of the house, told me never to come home. That night was the last time I saw either of them."

"But you were just a kid," I say, squeezing his hand, "Where did you go?"

"Well, luckily for me, I'd been making some friends around town that understood my predicament. I grew up in San Bernardino. And in my neighborhood, kids like me tended to get snatched up pretty quickly by one gang or another. I was sixteen, homeless, and built like a brick wall. I was a pretty natural recruit. And I wasn't complaining, neither. I felt like I had friends, for the first time in my life. Family. I'd keep an eye on the MC's in town, just praying to be taken in. And I got my wish. Just after my seventeenth birthday, I became a prospect for a local chapter."

"Prospect?" I ask.

"Sorry," he smiles, "It's kind of like a pledge. Before you can join an MC, you've got to prove your allegiance. Show that you're not a punk and serious about becoming a member. I'd only ever gotten into petty crime shit before then, but I was ready to make the leap. I wanted to be a part of something, to have a group of brothers who'd have my back. So I bought myself a used Harley and decided that I was going to find a club to call my home."

"You keep calling these biker gangs 'clubs'," I say, "But they're not really just that, are they?"

"Sure they are," Declan smiles, "Outlaw clubs, to be sure, but clubs all the same."

"Outlaw? Like Wild-West-Shoot-Em-Up Outlaw?" I press.

"Not necessarily," Declan says, laughing at my baffled expression, "MC's just tend to operate outside of the system. They live by their own rules and regulations. Some clubs just prefer not to be affiliated with any kind of governing body at all. Others, known as One Percenters, dabble in some less-than-legal activities."

"And the club that you were a prospect for as a kid?" I ask.

"They were of the One Percenter variety," he confirms, "But I didn't care. I'd never known any kind of law or order, why would I start caring about it as an adult? They weren't hurting anybody that I knew of. Just the occasional drug run. One of which, of course, I was drafted for. Lowest on the totem pole sometimes has to take the highest risks."

"What happened?" I ask.

"I got caught, naturally," he says, looking out through the tall windows.

"Jesus," I breathe.

"Yeah, it was a rough deal. Never even got patched," he catches my look of confusion and clarifies, "I was never even made a full member of the MC. That meant that when I got arrested, they weren't responsible for me. Just as well. I was used to fending for myself by then. I figured out that there was one way for a kid to avoid jail time. I celebrated my eighteenth birthday by enlisting in the Navy."

"You just up and left?"

"I didn't have anyone or anything to leave," he shrugs, "I was already dead to my parents. Wasn't a member of any MC. Didn't want to go back to any gangs in San Bernardino. Figured I might as well see what the military was all about. I wish I could say that I joined up out of some patriotic impulse, or something noble like that, but I was just out of other ideas."

"Were you in the war?" I ask, scooting closer to him on the couch.

"Oh yeah," he tells me, pulling me under his arm, "I shot right up through the ranks. When I joined the Navy, I realized for the first time that I was more than just strong. I was smart, too. Never would have known it, since I barely showed up for school as a kid. But I had a good mathematical and strategic mind, and the higher ups in the Navy noticed. I was fast tracked for the most elite force there was."

"Declan...are you seriously about to tell me that you were a Navy SEAL?" I ask, looking up at him in awe.

"What if I am?" he asks, cocking an eyebrow at me.

"I'm just going to need a minute to take that in," I tell him, "See, here I was thinking that you couldn't possibly get any sexier..."

He laughs, pulling me to his muscled side. I let my hands run along his hard chest, skimming across his every defined ab. I could tell that this body of his had been through a lot. I've spotted scars large and small all over him. Most of them are covered up by his tattoos, but others are too deep to ever be concealed.

"I'm sure it seems pretty glamorous," he goes on, "But as prestigious as the SEALs are, doesn't make being one any easier. I did some unspeakable things overseas, Kassie. I'm amazed I can ever sleep at night, knowing the pain I caused for God and country. I'm sure I'd feel better about it if God or country actually meant anything to me, but I've never been able to buy into religion. And my country? I'll love and defend it, but it's not without its faults. I was a loner for most of my life. It wasn't until I completed my service and left the military that I finally found out where I really belonged."

"Dante's Nine," I say.

"Exactly," Declan answers.

"But how did you even find them?" I ask.

"It was a pretty roundabout thing," Declan tells me, "The first thing I wanted to do when I got out of the military was get my education. Thank you, GI bill. I knew that I could put this strategic mind of mine to work as a businessman. Only problem was, I didn't exactly have anywhere to land. At least, that's what I thought. But it turns out that I got an unlikely assist from one of the guys I met overseas. This guy, Joey, was the closest thing I had to a friend over there. We lost him to a road side bomb, but not before he mentioned to his big brother than I might need a place to crash when our tour was over. I expected the offer to disappear when Joey was killed, but on the day I got back to the states, his brother was still waiting for me at the airport. He said I could stay with him as long as I needed to, until I found my footing here in the States. Do you know who that man was?"

"I think I can guess," I say, "John Baxter?"

"The one and only," Declan smiles, "He'd lost his little brother in the war, and took me in like I was his own. I didn't even know that he was the president of an MC until I came back here to Vegas with him. Joey had been a member himself, but with him gone, Dante's Nine needed a new member. I became a prospect, stayed one while I got my business degree, and got patched right after graduation. Dante's Nine made me the treasurer right off the bat, and I started using my business savvy to make the club some money."

"Legit money?" I can't help but asking.

"Absolutely," he says, "Turns out I'm a pretty good investor. With me around, the club could put its illegal activities on hold. And while I was making Dante's Nine all the money it could ever need, I started prize fighting to build up a little nest egg of my own. Vegas was the town to do it, too. No shortage of opportunities for a guy who can throw a decent punch around here. I was a hit right off the bat."

"Why haven't I seen you fight, since I got here?" I ask, "I'd love to watch a match."

Declan's body tenses ever so slightly against mine. I can tell I've hit a nerve, even though he continues on as if nothing's wrong.

"I wanted to take this summer off, to build a new business," he says, "That's why I was looking for someone like you. It's been a while since I've built anything from scratch. I don't want to get rusty."

"Wasn't it a pretty big risk for you, taking me on?" I ask, "$250,000 is a lot of money."

"For some people it is," he grins, "And besides, you don't even have it yet."

"Good point," I say, pulling myself up into his lap, "First I have to make it through the summer without falling in love with you, right?"

His eyes harden as I remind him of that mysterious clause in our contract. "That's right," he says resolutely, wrapping his arms around me.

"Care to enlighten me about that?" I ask, circling my arms around his shoulders.

"I don't," he says, "I'm sorry, Kassie."

"I thought we were doing the whole sharing thing?" I remind him.

"I've shared plenty with you tonight," he says, "I'll get to the rest, in time."

"You haven't told me everything," I say, moving to straddle him on the couch.

"No," he allows, "But I've told you everything I can, club business is club business. You have to trust me, Kassie."

"I want to," I tell him, "I do..."

"There are things about me that you can't know," he says firmly, planting his hands on my waist, "For your own safety, and for the safety of my club, you can't be in on certain details of my life. I need you to understand that. I won't keep anything from you for any other reason than to protect you or my brothers."

"I'm sure I can protect myself," I say.

"Not from the things I'm up against," he tells me.

"Fine," I say, sliding my hands down the panes of his chest, "There's just one more thing I need to know right now, and then I'll be satisfied."

"Shoot," he says, as I slip my hands up under his tee.

"You and Dani..." I say, trailing my fingertips along his skin, "You were a thing, yeah?"

"Yeah," he admits, "We were."

"Was it serious?" I ask, moving my hips gently. I can feel him respond to me in a heartbeat. I don't have to do much to turn him on.

"I thought so at the time," he says, "She was already hanging around the Forty-Five when I showed up. She's the kid of a member who got killed before my time. We were a couple of lost children, and we paired off. Figured out in time that we were better friends than lovers. And that was that."

"She's not carrying a torch?" I ask, playing with his belt buckle.

"It doesn't matter if she is," he says, his voice husky, "I'm not interested."

"Does that mean you're not sleeping with any other women?" I ask.

"You live five feet away from me and spend every waking hour in my company, not that I'm complaining," Declan laughs, "Trust me, you'd know if I was sleeping with anyone else."

"So let me get this straight," I say, placing my hands on Declan's thighs, "We work together. Live together. Sleep together. Don't fuck anybody else...and are one hundred percent, absolutely not allowed to fall in love?"

"Pretty much," Declan says, his eyes sparking with desire, "Do those terms work for you, Kassie?"

"As long as those terms mean that you're still free to flip me onto my back and fuck me senseless, then yes," I reply, feeling deliciously wicked.

A half second later, when my back is pressed against the leather and Declan is moving in to kiss me, I have my answer. And all of his confessions, his history, his remaining secrets, slip out of my mind.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

The next time Declan and I visit the Forty-Five Club, I look around the place with a fresh pair of eyes. Knowing more about Declan's history, I try to imagine what it must have been like for him to discover this place. After so many years of wanting a family and a spot to call his home, how beautiful this place must have seemed to him. It may look like just another biker bar, but to Declan it must have looked a lot like heaven.

It's Friday night, and the place is packed with all the rowdy club regulars. All eight of Declan's brothers have congregated. The usual hang-arounds are out in force, too, including the trio of Shelly, Wendy, and Courtney, down at their end of the bar. I tense up a bit, seeing that Dani is working tonight. I know now that I have nothing to worry about, where she's concerned. But I still can't help but be a little jealous.

"There they are!" calls Sam, the most bushily bearded of Declan's brothers, and my personal favorite.

"Look who's decided to grace us with his presence," Kip jibes, taking a swig of beer.

"What are you talking about, you old bastard?" Declan asks, "We're here damn near every night these days. I can't keep Kassie away from you thugs."

"Digging the Dante's Nine lifestyle, are you?" Sam asks, patting the barstool at his side. Declan moves off to greet Chuck and John, over by the pool table.

"What's not to dig?" I ask, settling down beside him, "Whiskey, rock n' roll, good company. And I have to say, Dec's Harley's a pretty fun ride."

"I bet Dec is too," Ollie says with a wink.

"Whatever could you be talking about?" I ask, widening my eyes in mock innocence. "Declan and I are just business partners."

"Love me some good partnering," Ollie grins, "You kids have fun."

"Would you stop harassing her, Oliver?" I hear Dani say from behind the bar. She sidled up without me even noticing. I can't help but give her a quick once-over. Her full chest is barely contained by a studded black tank, and her leather skirt is tight enough to bounce a quarter off of. Her thick chestnut curls hang down her back in perfect accord. Gorgeous as always.

"We were just having a friendly conversation, Dani," Ollie protests, "And don't call me Oliver. You know I hate that."

"Whatever you say, honey," she smiles, waving Ollie away, "You want something to drink, Kassie?"

A little twinge of annoyance twists my gut whenever she uses my nickname. "Kassie" is reserved for friends only. But I'm not about to call her out on it.

"I'd love a Jack and coke," I tell her, "Thanks, Dani."

Shelly and the girls beckon Sam, Ollie, and Kip down to their end of the bar. And something tells me it's not for the sake of small talk. It's just me and Dani, as alone as we've ever been. I say a silent prayer that she'll just hand me my drink and keep moving. The less time I can spend talking to Declan's ex-girlfriends, the better.

"Here you go," she says, handing me a stiff drink, "I'll just put this on Dec's tab."

"Thank you," I say, sounding way too formal for a biker bar, "Well, I'd better go keep Declan company over-"

"He's got plenty of company," Dani cuts me off, leaning against the bar. Her impressive cleavage is just about impossible to look away from. "Stay here with me."

I train my eyes at the beautiful brunette, trying to figure out what her angle is. As much as I instinctively distrust men, I hold women to an even higher standard. But there's no way I can gracefully extract myself from her company. I settle in for a tense conversation, taking a big old swig of my drink.

"How's the website coming?" she asks, pouring a drink for herself, "You guys have been working on it for, what, almost two months now?"

"It's really coming along," I tell her, "A few more kinks to work out with the marketing copy, some issues with differentiating ourselves from other crowdfunding...I'm sorry. You probably don't want to hear all about it."

"I'd actually love to," she insists, "I don't get to talk about much but Harley's and Budweiser around here. Not that I'm complaining, or anything. You're just a really nice change of pace."

"Oh. Well. Thanks," I stammer.

Dani's chocolate brown eyes twinkle with amusement as she watches me drink. "You don't trust me for a second, do you?" she asks.

"What?" I reply, surprised, "I don't-I never-"

"Relax," she tells me, "I totally get it. I've got history with your man. You have every right to be wary of me."

"Declan's not my man," I say quickly, "We're just...We have a good time together, is all."

"Yeah fucking right," she laughs, "I see the way you look at him. You are in it deep, girl. You're practically his old lady, it's really not too hard to see that."

"Fuck," I mutter, shaking my head, "That's not...good news."

"If it makes you feel any better," she goes on, leaning across the bar conspiratorially, "I've seen the way he looks at you, too."

"Wh-what do you mean?" I ask, curiosity successfully piqued.

"He cares about you, Kassie," she says, "More than he's ever cared about any woman. Including me. That's not the look of a man who's just having a good time. That's the look of a man in love."

"Bullshit," I laugh, "That's impossible. The whole love thing is out of the question for us. Trust me."

"I trust that your head believes that," she replies, "But you've both got your hearts shining on your sleeves. And they tell a very different story."

"You're crazy," I tell her.

"And you're in love with Declan Tiberi," she shoots back. "Don't worry, your secret is safe with me."

And locking eyes with her across the bar in that moment, I actually believe that it is. It's pretty clear that she loved Declan once, maybe still does. But if what she's saying is true, that he actually has feelings for me, I don't much mind how many other women are after him. It doesn't matter-none of them will have him the way I do.

"What are you ladies talking about?" I hear Declan say from behind me.

I feel his muscled arm settle across my shoulders as he joins me at the bar. Dani shoots me a knowing smile as she pours Declan his usual glass of bourbon. Maybe she and I will learn how to understand each other after all. Maybe.

"To an awesome summer so far," Declan says, raising his glass to me.

"I'll say," I smile, clinking my whiskey glass to his.

"I'm glad you stumbled upon that Craigslist ad of mine," Declan says, "You were just the girl I was hoping to snag."

We drink in unison, the sweet cola and fiery whiskey dancing down my throat. I finally feel like I'm getting a new sense of what's normal, after almost two months of living with Declan Tiberi. I wonder what it would be like if this wasn't just a summer arrangement. What if this was just...my life? Looking around at Declan's brothers, the feisty ladies of the Forty-Five Club, the dusty jukebox and the scraped-up pool table, I have to say that I wouldn't mind if this place became my home, too.

Just as I'm about to turn back to Declan, the door swings open, and a glimmer of gold catches my eye. I stare as a vaguely familiar face appears in the doorway. It takes me a minute, but I recognize the slick gentleman that Declan and I ran into at the blackjack table a while back. Lorenzo, if memory serves. A sudden hush falls over the bar as the well-dressed man strides across the threshold. Declan turns to see what the fuss is about and freezes.

"Well, this place hasn't changed a bit," Lorenzo says, casting his eyes about the room.

"What's your business here, Lorenzo?" Chuck snarls from behind the pool table.

"No business to attend to," the smooth man replies, "Just visiting some old friends."

"You're in the wrong place to find friends," John says coolly, his cut jaw tensing.

"John, I'm surprised at you," Lorenzo replies, his taut face unmoved, "I always thought of you as a hospitable man. You seem to be souring in your old age."

"State your business, or we'll have these boys show you out," John replies, beckoning Teddy and Frank toward him.

"I just need to have a word with this young man," Lorenzo says, fixing his gaze on Declan, "Alone."

Every eye in the bar snaps Declan's way. His jaw clenches with tamped down rage and he pushes himself up off his barstool. Some line has been crossed, here. That much is pretty clear. The other men of Dante's Nine seem stunned by Lorenzo's visit, indignant even. But who's to blame for this breach of conduct?

"I'll be right back," Declan mutters through clenched teeth.

"Wait-" I say, reaching for his arm.

"Let him go," Dani hisses from behind the bar.

I heed her warning and watch Declan stalk across the room, nearly bowling Lorenzo over as he marches outside. The remaining eight brothers fall to murmured conversation as the door swings shut. But even in hushed tones, their outrage is loud and clear. As one, they move through the back door, into the back room. The regular hangers-on make quick tracks for the side exit, leaving just us ladies alone at the bar. I look to Dani and the other girls, hoping that someone will shed some light on what the hell is going on.

"Don't look so scared," drawls Courtney, the thin brunette, "You being spooked isn't going to do him any good."

"Sorry, I didn't see anything in the biker girlfriend handbook about what to do when mysterious men come calling on your guy," I shoot back.

"Whatever they're talking about out there is none of your business," says Wendy, the buxom blonde, "Trust me, you don't want to know whatever it is those two have going on between them."

"Why not?" I ask, "How am I supposed to be of any help to Declan if I don't know what's going on in his life?"

"Flat on your back, that's how," Sherry smiles.

"I like to think there's a bit more to our relationship than sex," I say, crossing my arms, "I want to be there for him."

"And you can be," Dani shrugs, "You can listen to as much as he'll tell you, keep him warm at night, pour him a drink or two if he needs it. But beyond that, darlin', there's not much more you can expect to do for that man."

"That sounds like bullshit to me," I say, crossing my arms.

"It's not bullshit. It's the way things work around here," Wendy snaps, "You don't know the first thing about life in an MC, do you?"

"Or a woman's place inside one," Courtney adds.

"There are two things a woman can be to a man like Declan," Dani says, "A piece of ass, or an old lady. There's no in-between. Either you keep him company for a spell and learn to not ask any questions, or you're all-in. For life. Now, I'm guessing that a girl like you isn't looking to become a lifer. You've got too much else going for you. I'm sure that what you and Declan have feels special, but that doesn't mean it can last. Enjoy it while it lasts, and get out while you still can. That's all you can do."

"You're wrong," I tell her, jumping to my feet, "You all may be willing to accept those rules, but I'm not. I'm not one of you."

"No," Courtney says coolly, "That much is clear."

"Why do you let this MC shit run your lives?" I ask.

"It ain't shit," Wendy says heatedly, "And it doesn't run our lives. It is our lives. And you know what? It's your guy's life, too."

"Declan is more than just some MC puppet," I tell her, "He has a life outside of this club. He's a businessman. An athlete. A veteran-"

"If you think that all of those things don't lead right back to this club," Dani says evenly, "You are sorely mistaken, girl."

"I don't have to listen to this," I say, shaking my head, "I'm out of here."

"Don't you go out that door," Sherry says, the color draining from her cheeks, "They're in the middle of something out there."

"Too bad," I say, making tracks across the room.

"Kassie, stop!" Dani calls, swinging around the bar and grabbing my arm.

"Let go of me!" I shout, wrenching out of her grasp, "I can't do this, Dani. I can't be a part of this world."

"If that's the case, then hit the road," Dani tells me, "But don't try to drag Declan along behind you. Either stick it out or beat it. Those are your only options."

"We'll see what Declan has to say about that," I tell her.

And despite the protestations ringing out behind me, I rush across the room and out into the night. Raised voices ring out from around the corner. I ease the door shut and creep toward the sound, my back pressed up against the wall.

"I'm telling you, it's over," I hear Declan snarl, "I want out, Lorenzo."

"That's not going to happen," Lorenzo snaps back, "Do you have any idea how much money I have riding on your last match? One hundred million. Your cut alone is ten-"

"I don't give a shit about that anymore," Declan says, "Put someone else in the ring. I don't want your blood money."

"There is no one else," Lorenzo says, "It has to be you. They want to see Dante's Son. I'm not going to make anything off some knockoff replacement. You agreed to four fights. You gave me your word. Are you really going to go back on that?"

"My circumstances...have changed," Declan says, with quiet ferocity.

"Don't tell me this is about that little girl you've been carting around?" Lorenzo asks.

"It's none of your concern-" Declan begins, but Lorenzo cuts him off with a round of uproarious laughter.

"You can't be serious!" Lorenzo cackles, "You're going to throw away ten million dollars, and our entire relationship, for that bitch?"

"Watch it, Lorenzo," Declan growls.

"Oh, but it's just so rich," Lorenzo replies, "Big bad Declan Tiberi, pussy whipped into submission by a fucking child."

"You need to leave now," Declan says, his voice dripping with venom, "Or I can't be held responsible for what I do to you."

"Your threats don't carry too much weight with me at the moment," Lorenzo sighs, "Clearly, your word means nothing. Let me tell you what we're going to do, here. I'm going to give you a couple of weeks to think this mistake through and change your mind. You come back to me and confirm that I can count on you for the final match, or else I can't be held responsible for what I do to you. Or her."

"You stay the fuck away from her," Declan says, "From both of us-"

"Of course. Just as long as you don't welch on our agreement," Lorenzo says. I can hear the sneer in his voice. "You have a nice night with your lady friend, Declan. Enjoy that tight little pussy while you can."

I duck back into the shadows as I hear the gravel crunch beneath Lorenzo's fancy shoes. As he rounds the corner, a black town car comes roaring across the lot, swinging around to fetch him. I hold my breath as the headlights blaze my way, but the night hides me well. Lorenzo brushes off the front of his suit jacket and slips into the waiting car. It sails off into the night, silent and slick.

Trembling all over, I lunge for the front door. Just as I ease it open again, Declan rounds the corner, eyes blazing in the moonlight. He spots me in the doorway and stops dead in his tracks. His shoulders are squared and roiling with tension. He looks for the world like a mad dog, about to break free from his chain leash and attack. I feel my blood run cold at the sight of him like this. I've never once been truly afraid of Declan. Not until this moment.

"How much of that did you hear?" he asks, his hands balled into tight fists.

"How much of...what?" I ask, my breath catching in my throat, "I was j-just...coming out to check on you."

"Never interrupt me when I'm speaking with someone about club business," he snaps, "Especially not when that someone is Lorenzo Conti."

"OK," I whisper, letting the door fall shut once again. "I'm sorry, Dec."

"It's...not your fault," he says through gritted teeth, "It's mine. It's all my fucking fault."

I jump back as Declan slams his fist against a rusted metal locker, kicks at the solid brick wall. He's fuming, out of control. I have no idea how to handle him right now. Do I turn and run, like the Dante's Nine girls said I should? Or do I wait it out, help him through this? As if approaching a wild stallion, I edge forward, toward the man who's come to mean so much to me.

"Let's just get out of here, Declan," I say, "You need to cool down-"

"You have no idea what I need to do," he shouts, slamming his steel toe against the locker, "You have no idea what I have to do..."

"And I don't need to," I tell him, "Not tonight. I just want to help you, Dec. Tell me what I can do to help you."

He locks eyes with me, breathing hard and fast. His features waver between surprise, anger, and something that looks a lot like fear. My heart aches for this warrior of mine, caught between so many worlds like pressing panes of glass. And from what he and Lorenzo were saying just now, it sounds like I'm to blame for some of this fresh struggle. I have to help him, somehow. Any way I can.

Declan gulps down air, the gears of his mind spinning. I can see him fighting to get control of himself, slowly gaining ground against his turbulent emotions. Finally, he manages to force a phrase through his teeth.

"Take a ride with me," he commands.

I glance nervously at his Harley, my stomach flipping over. Can he really be trusted to drive in this state? Before I can answer, Declan grabs me by the hand and tows me over to his ride. He hands me a helmet and lights himself a smoke as he swings onto the bike. I'm frozen in place, staring down at my helmet with mounting terror. The Harley's headlights blaze to life, and Declan turns back to look at me, cigarette clenched between his teeth.

"You in?" he asks. And I can tell that he's not just talking about this one jaunt on his bike.

"I'm in," I tell him, bracing myself against whatever's about to happen.

I shove the helmet over my head and climb onto the back of Declan's bike. As my arms circle his hard, muscled torso once again, my fear subsides. As long as I can hold this man, I know I don't need to be afraid. He would never let anything happen to me. The conversation I just overheard is proof enough of that. I'm deathly curious about this deal with Lorenzo, the hundred million dollar match that Declan wants no part of. But if I've learned one thing so far, it's that Dec will tell me what I need to know when I need to know it, and not a second sooner. Hard as it may be, I have to trust him.

We tear away from the Forty-Five Club, just as John Baxter appears in the doorway with the rest of the brothers behind him. His expression is stern and unreadable as Declan and I fly away into the night, roaring along the dusty roads as fast as the Harley will take us. I tighten my arms around Declan's waist and decide, then and there, to put my trust in this man. I've never been one for faith, but if I can believe in anything, it's him.

Out into the desert we race, just the two of us against the careening night sky. As the light pollution of Vegas loses its grip on the stars, I look up in wonder. This is how it feels, caring for someone like Declan Tiberi: all alone with him under the beautiful, crushing expanse of things we have no control over. Together, but always racing some force that's much, much bigger than we are. But even though I'm terrified, I know in my heart that there's nowhere else in the world I'd rather be.

As we wind up into the hills, I scream over the whipping wind. "Pull over, Dec."

"I don't want to stop," he yells back.

"We're out of there now. It's just you and me," I insist, "Just stop for a second and talk to me. Please."

I feel his muscles tense beneath my hands, but the ride has calmed him some. He swings onto a deserted drive, carrying us out to a secluded patch of earth. Shaking, I ease myself down off the Harley. The silence is deafening as Declan cuts the engine. He sits hunched forward, his hands still gripping the handlebars. I reach for him tentatively, running my hands along his leather clad shoulders.

"It's just me," I say softly, trailing my hands down his arms.

I place my fingers over his, gently prying his hands out of their grips. He blinks up at me in the clear, bright moonlight-almost as if he's surprised to find me here. It's like he's coming up out of a trance, back into himself. In one swift motion, he stands up and sweeps me into his arms. I press myself against his firm chest, fighting back sudden tears.

"I'm sorry Kassie," he murmurs, planting a fierce kiss on the top of my head, "I'm sorry you had to see me like that."

"You don't have to apologize," I tell him, lacing my fingers behind his neck.

"Yes I do," he insists, wrapping his strong arms around my waist, "You don't deserve to be treated like that. Especially by me. I'm really in the middle of some shit, Kass-"

"You don't have to tell me about it," I cut him off, "I trust you, Declan. I know that whatever it is you're up against, you'll figure it out. You'll find some way to make everything right. I believe in you."

"Why?" he asks, his eyes full of sorrow, "Why do you believe in me?"

"Because you're the only person who's ever seen me for who I really am," I whisper, "And you're still here with me."

"Of course I am," he says fiercely, "I'm not sure...if I could stand to be anywhere else."

"Good," I say, a smile creeping onto my lips, "Because I know I couldn't."

"There are a lot of things I can't give you, Kassie," Declan says, cupping my chin in his hand, "Stability, normalcy, love..."

"You can give me plenty," I say, running my hands down his broad back, "You know how to give me everything I need."

I step back from his fierce embrace, shucking off my brand new leather jacket. With my eyes on Declan, I spread the expensive garment on the ground, lowering myself onto my back before him. A grin lifts the corners of his lips as I prop myself up on my forearms, spreading my legs wide.

"You're incredible, Kassie," Declan breathes, stepping to me.

"And I'm all yours, too," I smile, "Any way you want me. Show me how you want me, Mr. Tiberi."

With a low groan, Declan drops to his knees between my spread legs. With a flick of the wrist, he pops open the button of my jeans and tugs the denim off my body. He brings his mouth swiftly to mine, kissing me deeply, urgently. I feel his tongue glide deliciously against mine as I rip open his belt buckle and take his member in my hands. He's already hard as a rock for me. And I fucking love it.

He slides my panties down my thighs as I tug on his briefs, revealing that gorgeous cock to me once more. He brings his hand to my wet, ready sex, rolling two fingers over my throbbing clit. He rubs and flicks me until I'm teetering on the edge, still working his cock with both my hands. I'm just about to lose it when he grabs me by the hips and flips me. I gasp as I land on my hands and knees, and arch my back as I feel his manhood press into me from behind.

I've never had him this way before, and the illicit rush of it is almost too much. I lean back into him, impaling myself on his thick, stiff member. A howl of ecstasy escapes my throat as he rams into me, deeper than I've ever felt him before.

"That's so good..." I moan, looking over my shoulder at him.

"You like it?" he growls, thrusting into me again.

"Oh god, yes," I cry, letting my head fall back between my shoulders.

"Then you're going to love this," he smiles, running his hands across my firm ass, around my quivering body. I feel his fingers glance against my hard clit once more, kneading in delicious, delirious circles as he rears back and slams his cock up into me.

I scream out my bliss in the endless starry night, coming hard as Declan fucks me from behind. I'm sure they can hear me clear to Vegas as I moan and cry out, reveling in the feel of Declan coming inside of me. That hot, surging rush, the way he collapses against me afterwards, spent and satisfied.

We fold into each other there beneath the stars, our lips locking in wordless understanding. I have more questions than ever after the events of tonight. But I'm more certain than ever that I don't much care, as long as I can hold on to this person who's come barreling into my life. As long as Declan is here, I know I can stand not knowing what's in store for us. Or what part I'm to play in his life.

Only after we've recovered some do we climb back onto Declan's Harley and cruise off toward Sin City once more.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

My days with Declan waver between ecstasy and anxiety in the weeks to come. One moment, we'll be wrapped up in each other's arms, carefree and absorbed in our own world. But the very next instant, it'll occur to one of us that there are things outside our haven that could ruin everything. I haven't pressed Declan for any information about his spat with Lorenzo, but we both feel the tension of knowing that their disagreement has yet to be resolved. As far as Declan knows, I'm just reacting to his own distracted state. I don't want to upset him any further by revealing how much I really know.

But despite the strained circumstances, life goes on. We've made tons of progress with the website this summer, and I truly think it will be a huge success. It's not just the idea of having a business of my own that's so appealing about this project, either. Building a platform like this, that will help people avoid dire financial straits, is my way of finally dealing with what happened to my family. CrowdedNest is more than just a pet project for me. Maybe that's why Declan chose to hire me over everyone else who applied for this internship.

Or maybe I was just his favorite Eastern European beauty. Who's to say?

Our visits to the Forty-Five Club are as frequent as ever, but their nature is shifting, too. Declan and I are getting more comfortable with acting like a pair, but there's been a lot of dust kicked up by Lorenzo's visit. Every time we stop by, it seems to be for some back room meeting between the brothers that I'm not privy to. There's some club business going on that has to remain secret, but it's killing me not to know. It almost makes a girl want to become an old lady, just for the sake of being kept in the loop.

Of course, that's not an option. Declan's made that much pretty clear. But despite that fact, it's impossible not to dream about what it would be like. What would my life be like, if it was joined with Declan's? More exciting, that's for sure. But am I really up for the challenge of being a Dante's Nine woman, through and through?

This is my own secret, my desire to stay by Declan's side. No matter how many times we decide not to fall in love, no matter how forbidden it is...I have to be honest with myself. I've never fallen in love before, so I can't say for sure what it feels like, but I suspect that it's happening to me now. I can't imagine life without Declan, the man who turns me on, knows my heart, understands me. I don't want to be with anyone else. I'd do anything for him.

And what is that, if not love?

Just before dawn on the first of August, I wake up in a cold sweat. I look around wildly, unsure of where I am. Relief floods my heart as I brush against Declan's sleeping body and recognize his room around me. My sleep was haunted by my reoccurring nightmares, the familiar terrors of my family's death. I was back inside the foul, toxic house I grew up in, coming upon Rosie's lifeless form for the thousandth time. I haven't had one of these bad dreams since arriving in Vegas...why are they plaguing me now?

I slip out of bed and begin my day, letting Declan sleep on. The sun has barely risen when I pad out into the kitchen. Anxiety courses through my veins, tightening my every muscle. My body feels like it's on high alert, like I'm anticipating some sort of threat. And try as I might to soothe myself with a nice cup of coffee and a beautiful sunrise, I can't shake the feeling that something is off.

"Of course," I mutter, recalling today's significance. The couple of weeks that Lorenzo gave Declan to rethink his decision have passed. And I have no idea whether Declan has decided to stand firm or compromise. Hell, I don't even know what their deal entails. I know I have to respect Declan's boundaries here, but I hate being in the dark like this.

I settle down before my laptop and start plugging away at the day's work, trying to distract myself. I fall into my task, getting so absorbed that only Declan's waking up finally breaks my concentration.

"You're up early," he says, stepping out into the living room.

I stifle a groan as I drink in the sight of him. He wears nothing but a pair of black briefs, his muscled chest and limbs on perfect display. Ink scrawls all over his cut form, and his dark curls are sleep-tousled. All at once I find that I'm insanely hungry-and not for breakfast, either.

"I'm gonna need you to turn around and go back to bed," I say, crossing the room to him. I let my hands run down his cut arms as a wicked smile spreads across his lips.

"Still want to catch a few winks?" he asks, cupping my ass in his hands.

"I'm more interested in snagging a good morning fuck," I reply.

"As much as I'd love that," he says, kissing along my neck, "I don't think we have time just now..."

"What do you mean?" I laugh, "We have a whole gorgeous day ahead of us. And I'd prefer it to be filled with you, filling me-"

"I may have arranged a little surprise for you this morning," he says, running his hands up my sides, "And it should be arriving any minute now."

"A surprise?" I ask, "Declan, I'm not a big fan of surprises."

"I think you'll be happy with this one," he insists.

"Not if it keeps us out of bed," I reply, pouting theatrically.

"Just wait," he says, tucking my hair behind my ears, "You're gonna love it."

My protestations are silenced by the sound of our elevator dinging in the hallway. I raise my eyebrows at Declan, resistant to the idea of having something sprung on me.

"Give me a hint," I plead, "What do you have in store for me, Tiberi?"

"It's not so much of a what," he grins, as a knock on the door sounds out, "It's more of a...who."

He goes to the door and pulls it open before I can hide myself away. I peer nervously across the threshold, expecting a team of waxing specialists or God knows who else. But when I see who's actually arrived at our little love nest, an elated shriek rips out of my throat before I can stop it. In an instant, I've rushed forward and caught my unexpected visitor in a crushing bear hug.

"Happy to see me?" Kelly asks, shaking her black curls out of her face.

"Are you kidding me?!" I cry, spinning her around the suite, "I can't believe you're here! How are you here?"

"Declan invited me," my pixieish best friend beams, taking both my hands in hers.

"I thought you might enjoy seeing a familiar face," Declan says, folding his arms over his chest. At once, we all realize that my hunky employer is still wearing nothing but his underwear. He clears his throat, looking down at his sculpted form, and backs up toward the bedroom. "You two, uh, catch up," he says, "I'll be right back..."

Kelly and I collapse into uproarious giggles as my barely-clothed lover ducks out of sight. I take a good long look at my dearest friend, standing there in the middle of Declan's suite. It's so peculiar seeing a piece of my old life here in this place. But Kelly looks right at home in the midst of this effortless glamor, of course. Her bright green eyes grow wide as they take in the luxurious but streamlined suite.

"This is where you've been living all summer?" she breathes.

"Between this place and next door," I say.

"It's just so much nicer than I could imagine," she breathes, looking out at the tumble of lights and colors through the window, "I've been living in a mostly empty new apartment eating ramen for the last couple of months."

"How's your fancy new job going?" I ask, settling onto the couch.

"It's great, but it kind of eats up my life," she sighs, sinking down beside me, "But I don't want to waste any time complaining. I want to see your new city! And hear all the juicy details about that hot piece of ass in the next room-"

"Kelly!" I squeal. Even after all of the blush worthy experience I've had this summer, my best friend still knows how to push my buttons.

"Come on," she pleads, "I've been dying, being so far away from you while all of this is happening. You need to tell me everything."

"Why don't we take ourselves on a little shopping spree...I mean tour, and I'll give you the scoop?" I grin.

"I'm not exactly rolling in dough yet, Kass-"

"Not to worry," I tell her, producing my shiny, limitless credit card, "It's covered."

Kelly's eyes bug nearly out of her skull at the piece of plastic. "You are a changed woman, Kassie," she says.

"Is that bad?" I ask, a bit self-conscious suddenly.

"Fuck no!" she laughs, "This Declan guy has actually gotten you to loosen up for a change. I'm all for it. Why don't you put on some pants and we'll get going."

"Just one sec," I smile, giving her a peck on the cheek, "Wait right here."

I scurry into Declan's bedroom, eager to start my unexpected girls' day out. I ease open the door and make a beeline for the clothes I discarded during our sexy times last night. I pull on yesterday's outfit as Declan emerges from the spa-like bathroom, clothed at last.

"Kelly and I are going to take a little jaunt around town," I tell him excitedly, "Thank you so much for inviting her, Dec. This is exactly what I needed."

"You two want to go out...alone?" he asks. I can hear the resistance in his even tones.

"That was the plan," I say, straightening up, "Is that...OK?"

His brow furrows, and all at once I remember the significance of today. Part of me was hoping that Lorenzo's threats would just fade away without any fanfare, but Declan's uneasy. He doesn't seem convinced that the coast is clear for him yet. Or for me.

"Would you rather we hang out here?" I ask.

"No, no," he says, "You should be able to enjoy yourselves. Would you just...do me a favor, before you go?"

"Of course, anything," I say, lacing my fingers through his.

He tows me across the room with purpose. What is it he wants me to do? Alarms start to sound off in my mind as he pulls open the door of his secret armory. I haven't set eyes on this weapons locker since I accidentally happened upon it. I follow him inside, uneasy in the face of all this deadly hardware.

"Declan, what-?"

"I need to know that you're safe," he cuts me off, scanning the walls and cupboards.

"It's broad daylight," I remind him, "And I'm going to have Kelly with me. What's going on, Dec? What are you afraid might happen?"

"Nothing," he says, unconvincingly, "You've just rarely been out and about here without me at your side, lately. Don't want to take any chances."

I stare as he plucks a tiny piece off the wall. It's the smallest gun I've ever seen-really, it looks more like a toy than a weapon. But when Declan holds it out to me, my blood runs cold all the same.

"Will you take this?" he asks.

"Dec, I'm really not comfortable with that," I breathe, eyes fixed on the minuscule killing machine, "I don't even know how to use a gun."

"Please, Kassie," he insists, "I'll feel so much better about letting you out of my sight if I know you can protect yourself."

"Can you tell me what it is you're afraid of?" I ask softly, taking a step away from him.

"I can't," he says, his voice mournful, "You just have to trust me. There are some...business relationships in flux right now, where the club is concerned. It could make our lives a little tumultuous-"

"Do you really think that something could happen to me?" I ask.

"I don't think...it's likely," he says, "But it's not impossible."

I stare at him for a long moment, heart kicking against my ribs. Until now, the threats of danger and violence against us have seemed hypothetical. But here, surrounded by Declan's arsenal, everything is suddenly very real.

A cold streak of fear cuts through me as I realize that I could actually be in danger. All summer, it's like I've been playing at living dangerously. Riding on the back of Declan's bike, hitting the casinos, overhearing the dealings between Lorenzo and the club-I've been circling around the real grittiness of this life, but it has yet to touch me. Declan's protected me from the real consequences of the outlaw life. But is that protection really infallible?

"Does it have to be...a gun?" I whisper, looking around at the collection of weapons.

"Not necessarily," Declan allows, "Though I have to say, a firearm is your best bet."

I suck in a deep breath and stare at the piece in Declan's hands. Slowly, reluctantly, I hold out my palms to accept his offered gift. He places the gun in my hands, watching me expectantly. The metal is colder than I expected, and heavier too...the thing feels alive. I wrap my fingers around it, testing out the feel of it in my grasp. I expect to feel powerful, or secure, but instead I just feel faint.

"So?" Declan asks, "What do you think?"

"The serial number is scratched off..." I observe, cocking an eyebrow at him, "I can't carry this around with me."

"Why not?" he presses.

"Well...it's illegal, isn't it?" I ask. The very word "illegal" sounds ridiculous, echoing off these armored walls. Declan and I can't help but chuckle as I invoke the law here.

"I'm sure you won't have to use it," he says, "Just humor me, all right? Besides, a woman with a piece is sexy as hell."

"Oh please," I say, rolling my eyes.

"I can't help what I like," he grins, taking me in his arms, "Thank you for being patient with me. I'm just a bit paranoid these days."

"It's fine," I tell him, "Though some answers would be much appreciated, Tiberi."

"I'll fill you in as soon as I can," he promises, meeting my gaze, "But not right now. Why don't you and Kelly go and have a good time? Take the card, hit the shops, whatever you like. I have some business I need to attend to anyway."

"What kind of business?" I ask.

Declan mimes zipping his lips closed, and I swallow a sigh. This whole intrigue and mystery thing is getting old, fast. But I guess that transparency is reserved for old ladies and Dante's Nine wives. Interns who double as sexy buddies? Not so much.

"How about this," I say, taking a step away from him, "I'll agree to keep this thing with me while I'm out of your sight. If you give me the faintest idea of what has you so spooked. You don't have to give me any specifics at all. Just a hint."

"You're relentless," he sighs.

"I'm worried," I correct him, "Spill, please."

"All right," he says, squaring his shoulders, "But only because you know where I live, Bennett. Let's just say that there is somewhere I'm supposed to be tomorrow night. There's something I agreed to do that I am no longer willing to do. My unwillingness may end up costing a ruthless man quite a bit of money. Now, there's a good chance that he'll have resolved his end of our voided deal by now. But it's possible that he might take drastic measures to get me back on board. Is that enough information for you?"

"That'll do," I say quietly, "Though I'm kind of turning on the idea of leaving the house now, I have to say."

"Why do you think I invited Kelly to stay here? I wanted you to have company at all times," he says.

"A strategic surprise, eh?" I ask.

"Pretty much," he shrugs. "Oh, it's loaded by the way, and the safety is on." He points to a small switch on the top side of the gun. "Make sure to flip that off if you actually want to do any damage."

"Greattttt...thanks, I'm just going to carry on then," I say, "And have a good night with my friend. Will you be OK if we're out?"

"You don't have to worry about me," he laughs, "I plan to have Sam by my side until I'm sure that this thing is going to blow over. It's all-"

"Knock knock?" I hear Kelly call from the bedroom door. Declan and I bolt out of the weapons locker, closing the door tightly behind us. A locker full of guns and ammo is not what I want Kelly's first glimpse of my life here to be.

"What's up?" I ask my friend, as she peers into the bedroom.

"Hope I didn't interrupt anything," she says, looking back and forth between our guilty faces, "I think there's someone at your door."

"That'll be Sam," Declan says, going to let his best friend in.

"So this is where the magic happens?" Kelly says, wiggling her perfect eyebrows at Declan's bed.

"You perv," I laugh, leading her back into the suite, away from the gun closet.

Sam and Declan are talking in hushed voices as Kelly and I approach. Our bearded friend glances up sharply at Kelly-and his eyes stick there. I watch him register the fact that an incredibly attractive, ostensibly approachable woman has entered the room. And I watch her register that a ruggedly handsome bad boy is checking her out.

"Well hello," Kelly smiles, flicking her black curls over her shoulder.

"Hey there," Sam replies, a grin twisting the corner of his lips, "I didn't realize you guys had company."

"This is Kelly," I say, nudging my best friend forward, "Kelly, this is Sam."

"Sam," Kelly says, holding out her hand for him to shake, "Solid name."

"Why thanks," he laughs, giving her hand a lingering shake, "Kelly...is that Irish?"

"Absolutely," she says, "Why?"

"I tend to get along very well with Irish women," he says, crossing his inked arms, "At least for a night or two."

"You two settle down," Declan says, shaking his head.

"We were just on our way out," I say, "We'll give you boys some time to talk. I'm sure we'll be back before the evening really gets going."

"I hope so," Sam says, his eyes riveted to Kelly.

Somehow, I manage to drag my friend out of the apartment. But the second the elevator doors slide shut, she rounds on me.

"I want him," he says, "Can I, Kassie?"

"As if I could ever stop you," I laugh.

"Hey, we've always done everything together," she points out, "So why should getting in on some sexy biker action be any different?"

"You have a point," I allow, "But before I hand you over to Sam, you and I have some serious catching up to do."

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Kelly and I amble around Vegas like two little kids in a candy store. With Declan's blessing, we pull out all the stops. We bounce between boutiques, picking up our favorite items, treating ourselves to a long overdue gab session. I walk her through everything that's been going on lately, spilling all of the intimate details about my sexual awakening. The only things I leave out are the secret club matters that Declan's shared with me. When it comes to all of that, the less Kelly knows the better.

"Man. And Cinderella thought she had it good," Kelly says, spraying her wrists with some fine perfume in yet another shop.

"Hopefully the clock doesn't strike twelve anytime soon," I reply, "I'd like my carriage to stay a carriage, not go turning into a pumpkin."

"You want to stay here, don't you?" she asks.

"I guess I do," I tell her, fingering some freshwater pearls displayed before us. "Is that totally deluded of me?"

"I don't think so," she says, "If you feel at home here, why rip yourself away? This has clearly become more than a job to you, Kassie. And obviously Declan is more than just an employer now."

"But that's the thing," I sigh, "I don't know what he is to me. Or what I am to him."

"Have you asked him?"

"Sure. But this is Mr. Don't-Fall-in-Love-With-Me, remember?"

"Have you?" she asks, eyes twinkling, "Fallen in love with him, I mean."

"I...don't know," I say, diverting my eyes.

"You totally have!" she gasps, grabbing me by the hands, "You're in love with Declan Tiberi, Kassie!"

"I'm...very happy here with him," I admit, "I love sleeping with him. And talking to him. And...everything about him."

"This is incredible," Kelly beams, "Your first lay, your first love. And he just happens to be rich, and stunningly handsome-"

"And potentially a criminal," I mutter.

"What's that?" Kelly asks.

"Nothing," I reply, "Why don't we go home for a costume change, yeah? It's about to get dark out, after all."

We swing back to the apartment to slip into new duds for the evening. Declan and Sam are nowhere to be found, but I imagine they're probably at the Forty-Five Club. I bite back a twinge of longing. Of course I want to be wherever Declan is, but I've got to enjoy my night out with Kelly, not pine for him the whole time.

I wiggle into a sinfully scarlet dress with a low back and short shirt while Kelly pulls on a navy wrap skirt and cropped white top, showing off her toned midsection. When we step back out on the town, I'm fairly certain poor Franklin has a miniature heart attack as we pass. I forget how empowering Kelly's presence is. With her by my side, I feel like I can take over the world.

We set off to do more or less just that. I bring her to one of my favorite clubs, just off the casino that Declan and I frequent most often. It's a dim, smooth sort of place-nothing like the raves and frat parties that we got used to during school. Bodies still writhe on the dance floor, grinding to the stylings of the sexy jazz singer onstage. But here, the dancing is sleek and seductive, effortlessly cool.

"This. Is. Awesome," Kelly hisses, as we slide into a velvety booth in a dark corner of the night club.

"Wait until you try their cocktails," I tell her, flagging down a waitress and ordering two martinis for us.

"You're like a new woman here, Kassie," Kelly says, "Love has done you good."

"You've got to stop using the 'l word'," I groan, resting my chin in my hands, "What am I even supposed to do? Declan doesn't seem at all inclined to forget about his contract."

"Just because he hasn't said it out loud, doesn't mean it's not true," she points out, "His eyes looked pretty loving to me. Maybe he's just trying to protect himself."

"Or me..." I say ponderously, as we're furnished with our drinks.

"To love," Kelly says, raising her glass, "Even the contractually forbidden kind."

"Cheers," I laugh, clinking my glass with hers, "Thank you for being here, Kel. I needed my best girlfriend more than I realized."

"Of course babe," she says, "I'll always be here when you need me. Except...for right this second. I need to piss like a motherfucker."

"Ladylike as ever," I laugh, sipping my martini.

"Be back in a flash," she winks, disappearing into the club.

I settle back with my fine drink, relishing the incredible music, the thrill of admitting my love for Declan out loud. What would he say if I told him how I was feeling? Would he be upset with me, or secretly glad? I'm not sure how much longer I can go without telling him what's on my mind. Or rather, in my heart.

My cell phone starts to vibrate in my clutch, and I smile when I see that it's Declan calling. Maybe he heard my thoughts all the way across town? More likely he's just calling to check up on me, worrier that he is.

"Oh, hello darling," I drawl, answering his call, "What-"

"Where are you?" he cuts me off. His voice is sharp as a razor blade, urgent and unforgiving. I've heard this tone before, the night that Lorenzo paid a visit to the Forty-Five Club. It means something major is up.

"Kelly and I are having drinks at that jazz club we love," I tell him, "Is everything OK?"

"You need to get back here, right now," he says, "Sam and I are coming to meet you outside of the casino."

"What's going on?"

"I don't have time to explain," he says, "Let's just say that the deal I ducked out of is not exactly resolved. You may not be safe out alone tonight."

"Jesus..." I breathe.

"You've got your gun, right?" he demands.

"Y-yeah-"

"Good. Get downstairs with Kelly. Stay in plain view of security. I'll see you soon."

"Wait-" I say, but the line goes dead. I stare at the phone in disbelief, wondering what could possibly be happening. "Kelly..." I mutter, leaping to my feet and charging toward the club's bathrooms.

She's been off on her own this whole time. A thousand nightmare scenarios play through my mind as I wind through the dimly lit club. I imagine that every face I pass is full of contempt and malice. Any one of these people could have foul plans for me. I slip my hand into my clutch and wrap my trembling fingers around my new gun.

"Kelly?" I call softly, nudging open the ladies' room door, "Kelly, are you in here?"

"Uh-huh," I hear my best friend reply. Her voice is high and strained. Terrified.

Oh shit, I think to myself, this is it. It's going down. I swallow hard and take a step into the room. Is it the best idea to put myself in danger? Of course not. But that's Kelly in there. I don't have a choice. I round the corner and step into the small chamber. The scene unfolding before me slams into my chest like a wrecking ball.

Kelly is cowering against the far wall of the bathroom, eyes wide with fright. Flanking her are two tall, broad men with amused half smiles tacked on their faces. One sports a shaved head, the other an unsightly goatee. They look perfectly at ease, towering over a helpless woman. And I hate them for it, at once.

"Miss Bennett, we presume?" the bald one says, getting a great big kick out of his own tired humor.

"She needs to come with me," I tell them, holding my hand out to Kelly.

"Well, that's just not going to happen," the goateed man laughs, grabbing onto Kelly's arm, "Not before we've had a little chat."

"Whatever you have to say to me has nothing to do with her," I tell them through gritted teeth, "Just let her go, and we can have a conversation-"

"So she can go find security? Not a chance," baldy says, "Besides, we need her here. See, we have clear instructions not to hurt you. But this one..."

Kelly winces as the thug tightens his grip on her arm.

"Stop it," I say, my voice a thousand times stronger than I feel, "What do you want?"

"We have a message for your sugar daddy," the bald man says, "From our boss, Mr. Conti. I assume you've heard of him?"

"Yes," I breathe, "What's the message?"

"Either Tiberi fights tomorrow, or we come for you."

"Fine," I say, ignoring the rush of fear that courses down my spine, "I'll tell him. Just let us go."

"But we haven't even gotten to the good part!" the goateed man says, "We want to show you what will happen if your man doesn't listen to our instructions. We thought we'd have to just tell you, but now we can demonstrate."

He shoves Kelly hard against the wall. She cries out as her head cracks against the tile.

"We can't hurt you, sure," the bald man smiles, "But we can do whatever we like with this one..."

In one fluid motion, I pull the gun out of my clutch and train it right between the bald man's eyes. Adrenaline seizes control of my body, steadying my hands, turning my voice to steel.

"Let her go," I say, flicking the safety off, "Or I'll blow both of your ugly faces off."

The men gape at me, and Kelly's face goes pure white. For a long moment, no one moves a muscle.

"Did I stutter?" I demand, louder this time, "Get your fucking hands off her."

The men drop their hands, and Kelly rushes across the room to me. We back up, keeping our eyes trained on the men, looking after us in impotent wonder. I see baldy reaching into his jacket and react before I can think. I squeeze the trigger, aiming just to the right of his body. The bullet catches a golden faucet, sending a spray of water into the air as the men duck for cover and draw their weapons.

"Run!" I shriek, shoving Kelly out the door before me.

Shots ring out as we tear through the club, weaving through startled, frantic patrons. I grab onto Kelly's wrist, pulling her along with me. Our small, nimble bodies move through the chaos of the club with efficient grace, and we outpace the burly men on our trail. We careen out of the club and into the whirling kaleidoscope of the casino floor.

"There are two men with guns back there," I shout as we tear past a security team, "Big guys, suits-go!"

I glance over my shoulder as our attackers are waylaid by casino security. The last I see of them is their fierce eyes, shooting daggers at Kelly and I as we disappear from view. Down through the maze of the hotel we fly, until at last we burst through the front doors and out into the heavy August night. The sun has set on the Vegas strip, and the evening is alive with bodies and voices, light and sound.

"What the fuck, Kassie..." Kelly pants, her tiny body trembling like a leaf.

"I'll explain everything," I tell her, scanning the milling crowd for Declan, "Just as soon as we find-"

The familiar sound of revving motorcycle engines catches my ear. I look up and spot two Harley's rolling up to the curb-but more comforting than that is the sight of two Dante's Nine cuts and some very familiar faces. Declan and Sam beckon us to them, calm and collected under pressure. I hand Kelly off to Sam, but her eyes are wild as she stares at his bike.

"I'm not getting on that," she breathes.

"You have to," I tell her.

"I'll take care of you," Sam assures her, offering his hand, "You're safe with me, I promise you that."

"Just hold on tight," I tell her, "Please, Kelly."

She swallows hard and lets Sam help her onto the back of his bike. The second she's on board, I leap onto Declan's ride, wrapping my arms tightly around his waist. We take off, the four of us, speeding back down the strip. Just as we pull away, a couple of sleek town cars arrive in our wake. Out of one steps a figure I'd recognize anywhere, now: short, slick, covered in gold and diamonds. Lorenzo's arrived to check up on his stooges-or maybe to simply drive his message home. He looks after us with a faintly amused look on his face. He knows he's got the upper-hand, here. And that makes me want to spit.

We arrive back at our building in no time, leap off the Harley's, and hurry inside. Our doorman Franklin looks up from his paper as we burst through the doors.

"We've got ourselves a bit of a situation," Declan tells him, "If anyone unfamiliar shows up here, you know what to do."

"Do I ever," Franklin says. I watch in amazement as he produces a handgun from under his desk, looking rather comfortable with the weapon, for a doorman.

"Is everyone you know armed and dangerous?" I hiss to Declan as the four of us step into the elevator.

"Yes," he says simply, "And for good reason."

Declan pulls me against him, wrapping me up in his arms. Only now that we're safely away from our attackers do I let the shock and fear hit me. I go slack in Declan's embrace as Sam holds the silent, wide-eyed Kelly. No one can find a word to say as we rush into Declan's suite. I pull Kelly over the couch, letting her body fold against mine as we huddle there together. Sam watches over us as Declan disappears into his bedroom, reemerging with an armload of guns and weaponry.

"Lorenzo wouldn't send his men here," Declan says, handing Sam a few choice pieces, "But I'm not taking any chances. We'll all stay here tonight."

"You got it," Sam replies, arming himself to the teeth.

"I should have known that sonofabitch wouldn't leave me alone," Declan snarls, "But I never thought he'd stoop to this."

Sam pulls Declan back into the bedroom and shuts the door. "Why the hell did you have to back out of the fight tomorrow, Dec?" Sam asks in a hushed tone, "You've come out on top in every match he's tossed you into so far. You'd have been fine."

"I can't give you all the details," Declan says, shaking his head, "Let's just say that Lorenzo was not interested in me winning this last match."

"What are you saying?" Sam presses.

"I'm not at liberty-" Declan begins, but Sam cuts him off, grabbing his broad shoulders.

"Fuck that," Sam snarls, "You're in over your head here, brother. And tonight, two innocent women almost got hurt because of that. You've been keeping things from the rest of us, we can all sense it. You've been a good soldier, going into these matches for us. We're all grateful to you, you know that. But if you're in trouble, we need to know. Dante's Nine doesn't leave its members to fend for themselves."

"I've...fucked everything up," Declan says, shaking off Sam's hands, "This whole deal with Lorenzo has taken a turn, and it's all on me. I'm not going to drag the rest of you into this world of shit."

"What about Kassie, huh?" Sam demands, "You gonna drag her down-?"

"No. I'm not," Declan snaps, "But that's between Kassie and me."

Choked sobs ring out through the suite as Kelly quivers against my side. She's beside herself with fear and disbelief. I smooth down her black hair as the guys emerge from the bedroom and come over to us, concern and outrage twisting their features.

"What...the fuck...was that?" Kelly cries, looking up at all of us.

"Did they hurt you?" Sam asks, sitting beside her.

"Not much," she sniffs, gravitating toward him, away from me.

"What did they look like?" Declan demands, sinking onto the couch next to me. "What did they say to you?"

"They were big tall guys, both bald, one had a goatee. They said that their boss has a message for you," I tell him, my voice drained and hollow, "They said that either you fight tomorrow, or they'll come for me again."

Anger erupts in Declan's deep blue eyes. His entire body is transformed by the surge of hatred that rushes through him. We sit in silence as the wheels of his mind spin furiously. And as terrifying as he is in this state, there's something new and ominous about his silence. I can see him coming to a decision, a final choice. And I fear that there's nothing I can do to sway him, whatever that choice might be.

"I think it's best if we all just try and cool off," Declan says slowly, "Sam, will you stay out here with Kelly, make sure she's safe?"

"Of course," Sam nods.

"Where are you going?" Kelly asks frantically, grabbing for my arm.

"Kassie and I have a few things to discuss," Declan says solemnly, "Come on, Kass."

"You're OK now," I whisper to Kelly, kissing her lightly on the cheek.

I rise and follow Declan out of the room. Sam puts a comforting arm around Kelly's slender shoulders. My heart breaks, seeing how scared I've made my best friend. Her life was in danger tonight, and it's all my fault. How would I ever have forgiven myself if something terrible had happened to her?

Declan closes the bedroom door behind us and turns to face me at last. But despite the relief of being safe and sound with him, there's no rush of joy, no flying into each other's arms. We stand across the room from each other, our eyes locked. Our shared world has just been blown apart, dashed on the rocks. Never before have I been in danger because of knowing Declan Tiberi. But now, everything has changed.

"Are you going to tell me what's going on?" I ask, my voice surprisingly even.

Declan shakes his head with finality. "You know everything I can tell you."

"That's not enough," I say, my own fists clenching, "I just had a gun pointed at me. Kelly and I were shot at-"

"They weren't trying to hit you. Just scare you," Declan says, "If they wanted to kill you, they would have."

"Is that supposed to make me feel better?!" I yell. "Whatever it is you're up against, it involves me now. I have a right to know-"

"It's not going to involve you," Declan says resolutely. "From here on out, nothing that happens in my life is going to touch you."

"Right," I drawl, "That seems likely. You can't segment your life that way, Declan. I know that's how you've always operated. You have your club life, your work life, your life as a soldier, all packed up in neat little boxes. Even your life with me was fenced in, contained. But those borders are not going to hold, Dec."

"I know that now," he says, "I know that there's nothing I can do to keep the rest of my life from hurting yours. There's no way to keep you in my life without putting you in danger."

"Declan-" I breathe, taking a step toward him.

"You have to go, Kassie," he says, his strong jaw clenched, "You need to get as far away from me as possible."

"What are you saying?" I ask, "That's no kind of solution to-"

"That's the only solution," he snaps, "I can't keep you safe. And I refuse to let anything happen to you on my watch. You're going back to Berkeley. Tomorrow."

"No, I'm not."

"Yes you fucking are," Declan growls, closing the space between us. His gorgeous face is mere inches from mine, his blue eyes blazing with fury.

"What does Lorenzo want from you?" I ask, refusing to entertain the idea of leaving Declan's side, "Tell me."

"You want the truth?" Declan asks, the air between us crackling with tension, "Fine. The truth is, Dante's Nine got fucked over by a deal gone south, almost lost everything. I made a deal with Lorenzo to fight four matches in his illegal underground circuit. Whatever he makes off my fights, I get a cut for the club. The fourth match is scheduled for tomorrow. I tried to get out of it. That's the whole story."

"Somehow I doubt that," I scoff, "Why would you try and get out of the fight? Why not just go through with it?"

"You don't understand," Declan says, shaking his head, "You could never understand."

"Not if you don't tell me the whole truth!" I cry, laying my hands against Declan's chest. "I want to help, Dec. I want to be here for you."

"Why?" he asks, taking my face in his hands, "Why are you still here, after everything you've learned about me? Why aren't you running for the hills after what happened tonight?"

"Don't you get it?" I ask softly, looking up into that gorgeous, tormented face, "I'm still here because...I love you, Declan."

My words hang in the air above us, thick as black smoke. Declan's eyes are trained on mine as he takes in the truth of what I've finally confessed. My blood runs hotly through my veins, the world spins madly all around us. Never before have I said those words to a man. Never could I have imagined meaning them so truly.

I expect him to be outraged, to tell me that I've broken the rules, to reject my words and love alike. But instead, Declan is silent. He pulls my body to his, and I gasp at the intensity of his embrace. Without a word, he brings his lips ferociously to mine. I open myself to his kiss, his embrace, shocked soundless by the enormity of his passion. He moves like a changed man, a man resolute with a new understanding of himself. His touch feels final. He even tastes differently. But my worries and apprehensions dissolve as our bodies move together. I forget myself, as I always do, as we give in to our need for each other.

Declan all but tears the dress away from my body, tossing it aside as his hands rove all over me. I stand before him in nothing but my bra and panties, my blonde hair hanging in loose tendrils down my back. He shucks off his cut, his tee, his jeans. His signature black briefs are utterly unable to contain his raging hardness. Our hands move all over each other's bodies, searching and insatiable. I run my fingers along the length of his cock as he cups my breasts in his firm hands. We haven't forgotten our anger, our impasse-it informs each move we make. But that somehow only generates more delicious heat between us.

He backs me up across the room as I kiss every part of him my lips can find. I feel my feet fly out from beneath me as I stumble back against the vast bed. Declan pushes me down, and I sprawl out across the sheets before him, blinking up in the near darkness. He falls to his knees at the side of the bed and grabs me my the hips, dragging me to the edge of the mattress. I try to pull myself up to him, but he forces my shoulders back down. He parts my trembling knees, and I can feel my sex throbbing with need.

My ass is right up against the edge of the bed, my feet planted on the mattress, legs wide open. Declan runs his hands along the length of my thighs, trailing his lips along the tender skin there. His fingers glance against my quivering legs, leaving tendrils of warmth in their wake. Closer and closer to my sex his kisses fall. I groan with want as he tugs my panties down my legs, leaving me exposed before him.

I can feel his breath against my slick sex. He places his hands on my lean thighs, spreading me open even further. A low moan escapes my throat as I feel his tongue against my pink flesh, running up along the length of my slit. He takes his time, stroking my sex with his masterful tongue. By now, he knows me by heart. He licks along my pulsing, eager pussy, working me up with every pass. As I bury my hands in his chestnut curls, he finally lays that dexterous tongue right against my clit.

"You're going to be the death of me," I murmur, my back arching as he closes his firm lips around that sensitive bundle.

"Just this once," he growls, "I'm all right with that."

I have to bury my ecstatic cries in the nearest pillow as Declan flicks the tip of his tongue against my hard clit. He kneads, and sucks, and rubs me, needing nothing but that knowing tongue to send me careening into bliss. I bite the pillow as the sensation finally overtakes me. I come hard for him, writhing and screaming as he laps up my wetness. The enormity of my orgasm wipes every other thought from my mind. We fall into bed together, unconcerned with anything but each other.

Declan and I fuck long into the night. He doesn't respond to my confession of love with words of his own, but the way he touches me is answer enough. I know without having to hear him say it that Declan Tiberi loves me, too.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

It's noon before I finally pry my eyes open once more. After the marathon lovemaking session Declan and I had, I'm surprised I can even move a muscle. For the briefest moment after I swim back up from sleep, I'm suspended in a hazy state of satisfied happiness. But the events of last night come flooding back in no time. The attack at the club. My confession to Declan. All of it.

I roll over in bed, reaching for Declan. But my arms close around air. The space where Declan should be is empty, a stretch of tousled sheets and absence. I sit up sharply, looking around his sprawling bedroom. My ears strain to find some trace of him-a running shower, a rustling in the closet-but it seems I'm here alone.

Throwing on his discarded tee shirt and a pair of cotton shorts, I stagger out into the suite in search of my man. I cast my eyes toward the kitchen, hoping to find him making coffee or plugging away at his laptop, but no dice. Crossing my arms tightly over my chest, I hurry out into the living room. A sleepy sigh catches my ear, and I skirt around the couch to investigate.

"Oh..." I whisper, taking stock of the sight before me.

Sam and Kelly are asleep on the leather couch, spooning like longtime lovers. Their peaceful, innocent expressions are enough to make me weep. At least my best friend is in the arms of someone who can actually keep her safe for the time being. Last night proved pretty well that all I'm good for is getting her in trouble.

"Kass?" Kelly murmurs, peeling open her green eyes.

"Didn't mean to wake you," I say, "I was just looking for Declan."

"Hey," Kelly says, nudging Sam out of sleep, "Wake up, Mary Sunshine."

"Shit, what time is it?" Sam asks, sitting up on the couch.

"It's past noon," I tell him, "Do you know where Declan is? I can't seem to find him."

"He's probably just checking the building out," Sam says, his brow furrowed. "Or maybe he's getting us all bagels. Who knows."

But Sam's not fooling me. His tone is worried. Doubtful, even. I need to figure out where Declan's gone, and fast. But just as urgently, I need to get Kelly the hell out of harm's way before anything else happens.

"We've got to get you back to Cali," I say to my friend, "I'm so sorry for everything that's happened, Kel."

"It's not your fault, Kassie," she says, taking my hand, "You didn't ask for any of this."

"Didn't I?" I mutter.

"It's not safe to travel across state lines just yet," Sam says, "Not without a club escort. You're going to have to hold tight here, Kelly."

"As long as you'll be around to keep me safe," she says, smiling at my bearded friend.

"Of course," Sam says, looking at her warmly.

I raise my eyebrows at the two of them. Did I miss something, here? Maybe there was more than one couple having a little fun here last night...

"You girls stay here for now," Sam says, rising to his feet, "You'll be safe. Franklin looks tame enough, but he's a good shot. And on top of that, he's got a panic button under than desk of his. Declan's probably at the club right now, talking with the other guys. I'll have him send word to you once I find him, Kassie."

"All right," I agree reluctantly, "I guess that's the best course of action."

"You'll hear from me soon," Sam promises, striding across the room, "Lock the door after me, OK?"

I do, pressing my back against the solid door. My every breath is riddling with anxiety. I don't think I'll be able to calm down until I've had word from Declan. I can't dismiss my fears that something is terribly wrong. He's not the type to just up and disappear.

"You all right, honey?" Kelly asks, coming to give me a strong hug.

"I feel like 'all right' doesn't really apply here," I reply.

"I can't believe this is what you've been dealing with all summer," she says.

"That's the thing. Up until now, it hasn't felt real," I say, "Until last night, there was still some facade about this being just a simple summer gig for me. It's hard to believe that's how it started. But I'm in it, now. Declan's club business is a part of my life. And now that he knows I'm in love with him-"

"What?!" Kelly exclaims, "You told him that?!"

"Last night," I admit, "I had to. It was my last ditch effort at getting him to tell me what's going on."

"Did he?" she asks, "What did he say?"

"He didn't say...anything," I marvel, "He just kissed me and took me to bed like it was the last time. And then this morning, he was gone." The situation sounds even more foreboding when I say it out loud.

"Sam will bring him back," Kelly assures me, "Then you can sort things out with him."

"Right," I say, forcing myself to smile, "I'm just gonna take a shower. Try and relax." I leave her to raid Declan's pantry for some grub and go to wash myself clean.

I let the hot water soothe my raw nerves. I'm sure that Declan will walk back through the front door any moment. He's probably smoothing things over with Lorenzo now, working out some kind of deal. By nightfall, this will all be behind us. Then we can deal with the whole me-being-in-love-with-him thing, and what that means for us. Surely, we're beyond any silly contract by now?

Wrapped up in a towel, I go to locate my clothes among the tumble of Declan's bed sheets. I'm too nervous to even venture across the hall to my own suite. I snap out the comforter, looking for last night's lingerie. But as I let the bedclothes fall back into place, a single sheet of paper flutters through the air, landing lightly on the floor. It must have been hidden somewhere between the sheets this whole time.

I snatch up the sheet and feel my heart in my throat. It's a note, in Declan's handwriting. Thank god-maybe it'll give me some clue as to where he is right now. I should have known that he wouldn't disappear without leaving a message to put my mind at ease. I hug the towel against my naked body and sit down on Declan's bed, poring over his note:

My dear Kassie,

I know that you're probably worried about me. I'm sorry to have slipped out before you were awake. The last thing I want is to make this ordeal any harder on you. At least take comfort in the fact that this whole nightmare is almost over, at last.

You told me last night that you love me. Nothing could make me happier and devastate me more than knowing that. The truth is, Kassie, that I love you too. I knew from the start that I was going to fall for you, but I was holding out hope that you wouldn't feel the same way. It isn't fair that you should waste your love on someone as undeserving as me. Especially because I'll never get the chance to return that love the way I'd like to.

By the time you find this note, things will have been set into motion that cannot be undone. I've gone to find Lorenzo, to agree to fight in my fourth match today. After what happened to you and Kelly last night, I knew this was the only option. I'll give Lorenzo what he wants, the club will get its money, and you'll finally be safe.

I couldn't tell you about my arrangement with Lorenzo, because you'd never look at me the same way again, knowing the truth. The fights I've agreed to are not typical boxing matches. They're part of an underground series of fights that only end in one fighter's death. I've fought in three matches. Killed three men with my bare hands. I'm a monster, but this is nothing new.

Not even the club knows this, but Lorenzo has changed his demands for me going into this final fight. I am to lose, throw the fight. To let myself be killed for the sake of Lorenzo's bottom line. Only if I lose will the club get its money. I tried to back out of this fight, to take the financial hit, because of you, Kassie. I didn't want to die, having only just met you. But after seeing what danger I've put you in, I know now that my dying is the best thing for you in the long run. I know that you'd stay here with me if you had the chance, and that I'd let you. You deserve a better life than the one I can give you.

You'll still get the money to start your website. Those funds were never hanging in the balance. When I said in your contract that you'd lose everything should you fall in love with me, I was talking about the fact that I'd be dead by the end of the summer. I'm so sorry that my passing is going to cause you pain. But know that this is the best thing for your future. You're going to do amazing things, Kassie...you were my last chance at redemption. I'm only sorry that I won't be around to share your incredible life with you.

With all my love,

Dec

I let the note slip from between my fingers. It floats down to the ground like a whisper as the world spins madly around me. This letter was Declan's suicide note. He's gone off to die for the sake of his club. For the sake of my future.

Fuck that.

"Kelly!" I cry out, tearing into Declan's closet, "I need to get to the Forty-Five Club. Right now."

"What's going on?" she says, poking her head into the bedroom, "Sam told us to wait here."

"Read that," I tell her, nodding to the note.

She scans the message and I manage to locate some tight jeans and a cropped black halter. When I turn back to Kelly, her eyes have gone wide with fright and sorrow.

"Oh, Kass..." she whispers, "I'm so-"

"Don't say you're sorry," I tell her, shaking my head, "He's not dead yet. He's not going to die. I won't let him."

"But he said-"

"I don't give a shit what he said in any goddamn note," I cut her off, "I've lost just about every person I've ever loved, except for you. I'm not about to lose him."

"What are you going to do?" Kelly asks.

"I have no idea," I tell her, "But I'm going to need backup, that's for sure. You stay here while I go round up Dante's Nine."

"Like hell," Kelly snaps, springing to her feet, "I'm coming with you."

"Kel-"

"I'm not going to stay here and be a helpless sitting duck," she insists, "Let me come to the club with you, Kassie."

"Fine, but I still think you'll be safer here." I tell her, going to pluck up Declan's note and fetch my gun, "Let's go pay ours boys a visit, shall we?"

It takes a bit of convincing, but eventually we're able to recruit Franklin to our cause. Once I tell him that Declan's life is seriously in danger, he finally agrees to give us a lift to the Forty-Five Club. I'm not about to jump into a cab with Lorenzo's mobsters crawling all over the city, after all.

I have to give the old doorman credit, he knows how to put the pedal to the metal when need be. He ferries us through the chaotic dusk like a pro. It makes me wonder if perhaps Franklin hasn't put in some years as an outlaw himself?

We spin into the parking lot of the Forty-Five Club and leap out of the car. I burst into the bar ahead of the others, looking around for Declan's brothers. But the bar is nearly empty, save for Saul, Dani and the girls.

"Where are they?" I demand, marching up to the bar.

"Calm down, Kassie," Shelly says, "Where's the fire, girl?"

"I need to see the guys," I tell Dani, as Kelly and Franklin step into the bar after me.

"Who are they?" Wendy asks, scowling at my friend and driver.

"Never-fucking-mind who they are," I snap, "Tell me where I can find Dante's Nine!"

"They're in the back," Dani says, eyeing me apprehensively, "You can see them when they've wrapped up their meeting."

"That's not gonna work," I say, marching around the bar.

"Whoa, whoa," Saul says, stepping between me and the back door, "I'm afraid it's members only back there."

"What're you gonna do, tackle me?" I snap.

"If need be," he shrugs.

"Declan's in trouble," I tell him, brandishing the note, "So if you're gonna stop me, you've got to catch me first."

With that, I duck under the man's arm and bolt through the back door, straight into the inner sanctum of Dante's Nine. I find myself in a small, low-ceilinged room. More like a bunker than anything else. Eight outraged faces swivel my way as Declan's brothers spot me in the doorway. I hold my head high as their shock and ire spill out.

"What the hell are you doing back here?" the wiry chuck hisses.

"This place is off limits-" Kip splutters.

"This better be good, Kassenia." John Baxter says, in his ever-even voice.

"Declan is in trouble," I tell him, holding my ground.

"Kassie, it's all right," Sam says, standing to lay a comforting hand on my shoulder, "Declan's made it through three of these fights already. He'll come out on top."

"No he won't," I growl, shrugging off Sam's hand, "He's already made a deal not to."

I shove the letter into Sam's hand and watch as his face falls.

"No..." he breathes, handing the note to John.

"Goddammit, Declan," John mutters, taking in the note for himself, "Declan's agreed to throw the fight for Lorenzo."

"What?!" the men of Dante's Nine roar, springing to their feet as one.

In a heartbeat, the intensity of the room has shifted into high gear. Declan's eight brothers are mobilized at once, charging out of the back room and out to their fleet of Harley's.

"Sam," I say, catching the bearded brother's arm, "Take me with you."

"I don't think-"

"Please," I beg, "I can talk him down. I know I can."

Sam glances at John as we march past the barflies. The silver haired leader gives his nod of approval, signaling that I can tag along on this rescue mission.

"You all hang tight," Sam says to Kelly, Dani, and the other girls, "Franklin will hold it down while we're out."

"Damn right," the gutsy doorman says, gripping his weapon.

I follow the men outside and accept the helmet that Sam thrusts into my hands. It feels strange, climbing on the back of a Harley that isn't Declan's. But desperate times, right? I wrap my arms around Sam and hold on tight as eight of Dante's Nine roar off in search of their wayward brother. All I can do is pray now to any god that might be listening-pray that we can bring that ninth brother back, safe and sound.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

"Where the hell are we?" I demand, jumping off Sam's Harley the moment we skid to a stop, "I thought we were going after Declan."

"We are," John says, wrenching off his helmet, "This is Lorenzo's venue."

I look wildly around the nondescript alleyway, as I stand among Declan's eight brothers, facing an unmarked doorway and not much else.

"This is the place?" I ask.

"Sure is," Sam tells me, "Are you sure you want to come in? I could have Frank or Teddy bring you back to the Forty-Five if you like."

"You need me here," I say, "I can get through to Declan."

"What if it's too late?" Ollie asks.

"Think you can handle it?" Kip chimes in.

"I'm not as unaccustomed to death as you guys might think," I say, resolute. "Franklin and Kelly are both back at the club. I'm assuming that Saul and Dani have some serious hardware behind the bar. They're safe. We're ready. And Declan needs our help. So can we please get on with the goddamn show?"

"Let's do as the lady says, boys," Chuck whistles.

John strides up to the door and slams his fist against it. He knocks four times, pauses, then another five. I smile ruefully as the door swings open-Dante's Nine are VIPs here, I suppose. They even have their own secret knock.

"Gentlemen," a slick voice drawls from the shadowy doorway, "I was afraid we wouldn't see you this evening."

"Declan wanted us to sit this one out, but we couldn't resist," John smiles charmingly, "Mind if we catch the end of the match?"

"Not at all," says the voice from within. I can just make out the outline of a man's body in the dim light. "I think you'll want to be here for the grand finale."

"I'm sure," Sam snarls.

"And who is this lovely lady?" asks the obscured bouncer.

"I'm Kassie," I tell him, "Friend of Declan's."

"She's good with us," Chuck puts in.

"Then by all means, welcome," the voice replies. The door swings open even further for us, and the club members file in.

"Stay right behind me," Sam mutters, stepping into the darkness beyond the threshold.

I place myself in the bearded man's shadow, holding my breath as I follow him inside. Ollie places himself behind me, Teddy and Frank bring up the rear. And despite the insane danger I feel pulsing all around us, I feel safe in the care of these men. If I can't trust Dante's Nine, then I can't trust anyone.

We wind down a long hallway, almost entirely shrouded in darkness. The walls are soundproofed, the floor raked so that we descend beneath the surface of the city. This passageway feels interminable, but that could very well just be my nerves, drawing out every passing moment. I become aware, as we continue, of a low vibration rattling up through my feet. The buzz grows louder, stronger, the further along we creep. Finally, the men draw to a halt, collecting at the end of the hall before another gatekeeper.

"Enjoy the show," another unfamiliar voice tells us.

My senses are overcome as a second door bursts open before us. Bright swinging lights blind me as a cacophonous roar washes over the lot of us like a raging tide. For a good few moments, my equilibrium is shot. Only as Sam ferries me through the door can I even begin to make sense of the scene unfolding before me.

We've stepped into a large arena, opening up like an underground cavern before my unbelieving eyes. Hundreds and hundreds of people are on their feet, screaming and stamping. The patrons look to be wealthy-fine suits and jewels are visible through the cigar smoke that clouds the air. Blazing lights swing all around, concentrating on the far-off fight. I peer through the jostling bodies, trying to see into the cage-like ring.

And there, at the center of all this chaos and commotion, I spot Declan. His ripped body tears around the space, wrapped up in a flurry of flying fists and hurling bodies. The opponent he faces is just as big, just as staggeringly built as he is. They're like two ancient warriors, armed with nothing but sheer strength. And the crowd is eating it up.

"My money's on Tiberi!" roars a plump, red-faced man in the crowd beside us.

"I bet the other guy goes down any minute," shouts his equally plump companion.

My eyes are riveted to the man I love, locked as he is in hand-to-hand combat. I want to weep, to rage, to fall on my knees in despair at the sight of him. And yet, at the same time, his brutal strength and unimaginable power are awe-inspiring. I truly believe that he could kill the man he faces with his own two hands-but I know that that's not his intention.

"Kassie!" Sam roars, as I tear away from the bikers and sprint down the cluttered aisle toward the ring. "Kassie, wait!"

But I can't stop, can't hold on. I need to get to Declan before he does something insane. I can only pray that I'll be able to reach him in time. I careen toward the ring, shoving drunken patrons out of my way, coming ever-closer to reaching my man.

"Dec!" I scream, jumping up to see over the heads of the people clustered around the ring, "Dec, please!"

His broad shoulders are squared against his opponent, sweat and blood coursing over his strong, clenched jaw. Every cut muscle strains with tension and fatigue. But as beat up as Declan is, the man he faces is even worse off. The man teeters on his feet, barely maintaining his balance. He looks close to death, like one last blow could finish him off. But that's not what Lorenzo had in mind for this match. Not what Declan promised to deliver.

I'm not going to let that stop me. I shove my way through the dense crowd, slipping between burly bodies as only a slight-figured girl could. I can hear the Dante's Nine boys calling out for me, screaming Declan's name, trying to stop the momentum of this situation from delivering its deadly end. But as much as I love them, I know that Dec's brothers can't save him now. He's about to give his life for them, for his club. Only someone outside of it can reach him. And that someone is me.

"Get out of my way," I snarl, pushing through the thick throng of men crowded right up against the ring. I lash out with elbows and knees, climbing up until I find myself ringside, my eyes level with the fighters' light feet. Just as I grab onto the floor of the ring itself, pull myself up to get a better line of vision, my gaze is distracted by something glittering across the way.

I look up sharply to see Lorenzo himself, poised ringside to oversee this final fight. He sneers up at the men he's left to die, looking like a self-made god in his own smoky, despicable Olympus. As I take in the sight of this lowly gangster, all but drooling over the prospect of watching my man die, a rage unlike any I've known fills me up. I'm going to stop this if it's the last thing I do.

"Declan," I scream, clutching onto the ropes with my bare hands.

"Kassie, don't!" I hear Sam scream from behind me.

"Let us handle this," John calls out.

"Baby, it's me!" I yell over the clamor, trying to get Declan's attention.

His eyes are fixed on his opponent. He's learned to drown out the screaming, bloodthirsty crowd to concentrate on his fights. His weary gaze is resigned, resolved. As the two fighters face off, I watch Declan come to his final decision once again. He's going to throw it, to die there in the ring, for the sake of us all.

"Declan Tiberi!" I scream, ripping at the ropes, "Look at me, damn it!"

And somehow, miraculously, my desperate cry manages to snag Declan's attention. His eyes swing my way ever-so-briefly. Disbelief blossoms in his look, tinged with outrage and something that looks like gratitude.

"Don't do this," I plead, as his brothers find their way through the crowd to join me ringside, "Don't you dare throw this, Tiberi. I need you. I love you."

"Shit," Ollie mutters, "Lorenzo has eyes on us."

I can feel the slick man's glare hot on my face, but I'm not going to back down until I know that Declan will be safe.

"Finish this," I urge Declan, whose eyes dart between my face and his opponent's, taking stock, "End this and come back to me. Please, baby."

And slowly, miraculously, I watch a smile pick up the corners of Declan's battered face. A surge of energy straightens his spine, sharpens his gaze. He cocks back a mighty fist and flies at the other man. Poor guy never stood a chance.

"No!" I hear Lorenzo roar across the ring, "You're a dead man, Tiberi!"

"We'll see about that," I hear John growl.

Out of the corner of my eye, I see Frank and Teddy disperse, rounding the ring toward Lorenzo. But I can't focus too much on what they're up to. My eyes are glued to Declan and he makes his decision at last. His balled fist slams into his opponent's face, a sickening crack ringing out through the air. The other man holds up his flimsy fists, trying to fend Declan off, but it's no use. My man is a concentrated onslaught of fists and feet, knees and elbows. It occurs to me, all at once, that I'm going to watch him kill a man before my eyes. Will I really be able to deal with that...to look at him the same ever again?

Declan slams his elbows down between his opponents shoulder blades, bringing the man to his knees. The crowd is positively blazing with blood lust, I feel myself getting jostled and pressed from all directions. Declan stares down at the man he's supposed to kill, his face unreadable. The battered fighter before him clasps his hands in a desperate final prayer, and I feel my very soul ache for him.

But instead of going in for the kill, Declan raises his eyes to mine. As I watch, amazed, he does the most unthinkable thing: he winks at me. Dropping his fists to his sides, he straightens up, taking in the roaring arena sprawling all around him. To some, it may look like he's stalling, backing down. I, however, can read his intentions in an instant. This is Declan saying goodbye to his own barbarous deeds. And these monsters who showed up to see this fight can shove it.

"What the hell is going on?" I hear angry voices shouting.

"Kill him! What are you waiting for?"

"I paid good money for this!"

Declan lets his smile grow as the crowd screams out its ire. No one can touch him now, that much is clear. But what is it that's giving him such peace of mind? How can he be sure that everything is resolved, finished for good?

My questions are answered for me as every light overhead pops on, exploding over us like a canopy of exploding stars. The once-shrouded crowd is exposed in the harsh, fluorescent glare, as a new color of shouting rings out through the space. The exuberant cries of audience members are drowned out by a calm, collected voice, droning through the deafening speakers:

"Everybody stay where you are," the voice commands, "This is the Federal Bureau of Investigation. This match is over. Don't panic-"

But thousands of suddenly skittish fat cats have already risen in a frenzy. Looks like no one wants to be caught with blood on their hands. I stare in wonder as hundreds of policemen, decked out in full riot gear, charge into the space. Chaos erupts all around the ring as patrons make their mad dashes for the exits. But no one is getting out of here just yet.

"Get your hands off of me!" I hear Lorenzo scream across the ring, "What is the meaning of this?!"

I look up to see Teddy and Frank dragging the boss into the ring, shouting for the police to come and arrest the man in charge.

"Here's the one you want!" Frank yells.

"Come and get him!" Teddy cackles.

The men of Dante's Nine jeer and laugh as Lorenzo is forced down onto his knees beside Declan's badly beaten opponent. Police officers swarm the ring, charging through the panicked patrons left and right. Declan looks around with satisfied wonder at the scene before swinging his eyes my way. He draws a deep, pained breath, as if about to speak. But before he can utter a word, his knees give out beneath him. He hits the canvas, crumpling under the strain of the fight at last.

"No!" I scream, scrambling up onto the ring.

I crawl across the canvas, throwing myself on top of Declan's fallen form. The rest of the noise and frantic motion filling the arena fades away as I lay my hands on his battered body. Nothing is important in this moment but this man that I've come to love more than anything. I take as much of him into my arms as I can, cradling his head.

"Oh my god..." I murmur, "It's going to be OK. I promise. Just stay with me."

"You're here," he wheezes, looking up at me through swollen eyes.

"Of course I am," I whisper, kissing his sweat-slicked brow, "Where else would I be but here, Declan?"

"Lorenzo...?" Declan gasps.

I watch as the short man is dragged out of the ring in cuffs, his carefully coiffed hair a tangled mess. He catches my eye as he's taken off, and the violent stare he shoots me could tear right through Kevlar.

"They've got him," I tell Declan, "It's over."

"That's good," he says, smiling softly, "But it's not over...I'm pretty beat up, Kassie."

"I know Dec," I murmur, looking over his bruised body, "But you'll be OK."

"Maybe," he says, every word a struggle, "I hope you're right. But just in case, Kassie, you should probably know...I love you, too."

Hot tears blind me, as I clutch his shivering form to mine. I can't will myself to speak as Declan's brothers crowd around us. Overhead, from far off, the wailing of sirens joins in the din. I'm finally overwhelmed by the insanity of this moment, and time slips away. The only thing I can focus on is staying by Declan's side as the paramedics arrive. We've come this far together now, I'm not about to leave him when he needs me most.

Especially if I'm not going to get another chance to say goodbye.

CHAPTER TWENTY

For the next three days, it's touch and go.

An ambulance arrived at the scene of the broken-up match just as the FBI agents were dragging Lorenzo and his key associates away. Declan was rushed to the hospital, suffering from a closed head injury, internal bleeding, and various sprains and fractures. He stayed conscious all the way there-I know, because I was right there beside him, holding his hand as if my constancy could save him. We rode through Vegas with an escort of eight very intimidating men on Harley's. The men of Dante's Nine were not about to abandon their brother in his hour of need.

It's hard to keep the events of the days following Declan's hospitalization straight. I basically moved into the hospital as soon as he was admitted, though Kelly, Sam, and the others managed to convince me to retire to my suite for some shuteye after 48 hours straight of holding vigil. But our twin apartments were just too lonely to bear, with Declan gone.

The eight other men of Dante's Nine keep me company at the hospital in shifts. Declan's been heavily sedated since arriving, and isn't able to speak with any visitors. That hasn't kept the FBI from arriving to try to interview him.

For the few days after the ill-fated match, every headline and news program is all about the fight getting broken up. Lorenzo's face is splashed across the evening news and trashy tabloids alike. It seems that someone tipped off the police about Lorenzo's underground death matches, allowing the FBI to find a whole lot of other dirt on the man as well. I can't even keep track of all the schemes and illegal activity the feds uncovered after the raid that were tied to Lorenzo.

I spend long hours alone with my thoughts, waiting for Declan to heal. Little by little, I try to come to terms with everything that's happened these past couple of weeks. From the attack on me and Kelly, to the arrest of Lorenzo, to Declan's plan to let himself be killed...everything's still a blur in my mind. I don't know how to start making sense of it all. I need Declan to help me understand exactly what's happened, and where we go from here.

My sturdiest pillars of support are Sam and Kelly, who never leave my side. John has to keep the club in order in the wake of this mess, and the others do their best to help, but it's my best friend and Declan's that really come through for me. I'm vaguely aware of them growing closer as the days go by, but I can't even start thinking about what that might mean. I can't do anything, can't move on, until I know that Declan's OK. Until I figure out what's next for us, how we can recover and keep going even with everything that's happened.

On the third day of Declan's stay at the hospital, I find myself once again at his bedside. I sit on the same semi-comfortable chair, my knees tucked into my chest. My eyes are puffy with want of sleep, my blonde hair is gathered into messy top bun, and I wear a pair of black leggings and a baggy sweatshirt of Declan's. Not exactly chic, but these are dire times.

I can't take my eyes off of him, lying there in his hospital bed. The mechanical beeps and blips that monitor his every heartbeat sound out like a metronome, ticking the moments away. His usually tan and smiling face is pale, bruised. The doctors still aren't sure of the extent of the damage to his body-it's hard not to fear the worst.

I'm just about to nod off into a light slumber when a low moan rises up from Declan's throat. I jump up like a shot and go to him, sitting on the edge of his bed and training my eyes on his worn face. His eyelids flutter open slowly. For a moment, he's confounded, lost. But then his gaze focuses on my face, and a tiny smile lifts the corners of his mouth.

"Hey there, gorgeous," he croaks, reaching for my hands.

Relief crashes through me, sending hot, prickling tears to my eyes.

"Hey yourself," I murmur, leaning down to press a kiss to his forehead.

"How long have I been out?" he asks, looking around the room.

"You've been pretty sedated for the past few days," I tell him, a wide smile curving my lips, "How do you feel?"

"Like someone used me as a human punching bag," he says, "Oh, wait..."

"Ha, ha," I say, shaking my head, "Always with the jokes, this one."

"Is anyone else here?" he asks.

"Sam and Kelly are somewhere," I say, "Probably sucking face, to be honest."

"Should have seen that one coming," he laughs, "But otherwise, it's just us?"

"Just you and me," I say, rubbing my thumb against his hand.

"That's good," he says, "There are some things...I'd like to tell you."

"Of course," I say, reaching to brush a loose curl off his forehead, "I was hoping you might shed some light on the whole death match thing..."

"You must hate me for not telling you about it sooner," he says, looking up at me guiltily, "I hope you know that I didn't keep it from you to hurt you. I never thought it was going to come up between us."

"How did you figure that?" I laugh.

"It's a long story," he sighs.

"I've got time," I assure him, "Come on. Spill."

"All right," he says, struggling to sit up straighter, "The truth, then. Truth is, I did make a deal with Lorenzo earlier this year. I'd fight in four of his death matches in exchange for a cut of the money he made off of me. The club's run into a bit of...money trouble, and I needed a way to make us some serious dough, quick."

"Couldn't you have just used your own money?" I ask.

"My income may not be quite as disposable as you think," he laughs lightly, "I don't have enough liquid funds to do the trick. I'm pretty leveraged in real estate and hurting bad ever since the Vegas market took a shit. Anyway, the deal was supposed to be simple. I'd fight and kill four amateur boxers for the entertainment of some rich scumbags, and the club would make a shit ton of money. But after the third fight, Lorenzo decided to add an extra little clause. The club would only get its cut of the winnings if I threw the fight. I had no choice but to accept."

"You've known about this all summer?" I ask softly.

"Yeah," he admits, "Which is where you come into all of this."

"Me?" I ask.

"You," he smiles, "When I learned I only had one summer left to live, I decided I wanted to make the most of it. I wanted to spend my final months in the company of a beautiful, intelligent woman, showing her the time of her life."

"Ah," I say, shaking my head, "So 'internship' was never the right word for what you had in mind?"

"Not at all. I planned on bringing an amazing woman to Vegas, having a great summer with her, and disappearing once the fight had happened, leaving her enough money to start the business we'd build together."

"So the money was always mine?" I ask.

"Yes, exactly. But...there's something else you don't know about this little career opportunity I've set up."

"Go on," I say.

He takes a deep breath, trains his blue eyes on mine, and continues on.

"When I put that Craigslist ad up, I was hoping that you'd find it."

"Yeah, you've said that before," I reply, "You're glad that someone like me happened to stumble upon-"

"Not someone like you," Declan insists, "Only You. That ad was designed for you, Kassenia Bennett, to find it."

"I...I don't understand," I say, my heart hammering in my chest, "We'd never met before our interview-"

"Not exactly," Declan says, "But we'd interacted before this summer. Earlier this year, you did a very minor freelance coding job for another one of my startup investments."

"I...did?" I ask, trying to follow Declan's crazy confession.

"Just a small gig," Declan says, "You probably wouldn't even remember it. But your work was quality. One of your emails got forwarded to me, with a tiny little thumbnail photo of you attached. My eyes barely skimmed the message, but that simple picture stopped me in my tracks. I couldn't help but be curious about you-the gorgeous, brilliant, programmer with a beautiful name.

So, I Googled you, like I've said before. Found your resume on another freelance website, saw that you went to UC Berkeley. Learned all about your family's fate from some local news articles...everything you'd been through. My heart ached for you, even though we'd never met. I resolved to hire you for some more work down the line...and then this thing with Lorenzo happened. And I realized that I had the perfect gig for you: the last woman I'd ever fall in love with."

I stare at Declan, at a loss for words. His smile is almost sheepish as he goes on.

"I wrote up a job description I knew you wouldn't be able to refuse. I even threw in the Eastern European detail to make sure you applied. That must have seemed a bit strange, right? But I put two and two together when I saw your first name and that you'd listed Russian and Croatian as fluent languages on your resume. I thought I'd go through the motions of interviewing and hiring you, set you up in Vegas, show you the time of your life after all the sadness you've endured, and leave you with $250,000 in the bank to launch your business. I made sure that you knew you weren't allowed to fall in love with me, so that you wouldn't be hurt by my death. But then..."

"But then, what?" I breathe.

"But then I met you," Declan says, his eyes intent, "And, yes, I fell in love with you, like I expected to. Only, it turns out that I had no idea what falling in love with a woman like you would mean. You changed everything, Kassie. For the first time in my life, I wanted to keep going. Meeting you made me want to live, again. I knew that I had to get out of my deal with Lorenzo, and I tried. Remember the first week you arrived in Vegas how I was gone for a few days? "

I nod.

"Well," he continues, "I was visiting an old war buddy who's pretty high up in the Navy now and has some connections in the FBI. The feds were already trying to get a case going against Lorenzo and I offered to help in exchange for immunity for me and my club. Well he said he'd look into it, and I came back to Vegas hopeful..." he sighs and forces a smile before continuing on. "Turns out it takes months to build a case like that. Months I didn't have at the time.

So I thought I'd go to Lorenzo directly and try to back out. But of course, he wouldn't let that rest. I had no choice but to fight in the fourth match, but the morning of the fight I realized there was no way I was going to throw it and leave you here alone. So I had to...take matters into my own hands."

"You're the one who ratted Lorenzo out?" I gasp.

"I would never rat someone out," Declan says sharply, "Not even Lorenzo. But after he threatened you I was willing to bend my own rules. So the morning before my match I may have paid a visit to one of those bald bastards that attacked you at the casino...and convinced him within an inch of his life that it was in his best interest to rat his boss out for me. I sent him to the FBI and promised not to have Dante's Nine show up at his family's house, too.

He gave up Lorenzo in exchange for immunity, and with his insider knowledge, the feds had enough to build their case. I worked out a deal with the FBI: my testimony in exchange for full immunity for myself and the club from any possible fallout. We'll all walk out of this clean, Lorenzo will get locked up, and I'll try to liquidate as many assets as I need to in order to get the club back on its feet. It's going to be hard, there's no easy fix for our troubles, but it's worth it...who knows maybe CrowdedNest will blow up bigger than we think." He smiles.

"If the club is in trouble and they need money, why don't we just forget about the site for now and use the cash to help the club?" I try in earnest.

"I can't get into details..." he says, looking straight ahead. "But Kassie, the club needs a lot more than $250k. That's a drop in the bucket compared to my final cut from Lorenzo's scheme." He squeezes my hand and grins wearily at me. "Besides, don't forget I have a ten percent stake in your genius company that'll soon change the world."

"I...don't know what to say, Declan," I stammer, looking at him with wonder.

"Say that you love me," he prompts with a smile, "So I can give you the right response, this time."

"I love you, Declan," I tell him.

"I love you too, Kassie," he says, pulling me toward him.

I catch his face gently in my hands and lower my lips to his. His heartbeat monitor picks up the pace as we kiss, deeply. It's like the storm clouds overhead have finally broken to make way for clear sky. For the first time in my life, I honestly believe that things might actually work out for me. We've got a lot to figure out between us, Declan and me. But after this summer, I think we can handle a little figuring out.

"Declan, can I ask you a question and can you please answer me truthfully?"

He sighs. "Kass, I can't discuss club business-"

"No, that's not it..." I swallow hard before beginning again. "Dec did you get involved with Lorenzo because a part of you no longer wanted to live anymore?" I can feel tears welling behind my eyes once more.

He looks at me, with lines of shame and sadness burned into his features. He lies back against his pillow and closes his eyes, gathering his thoughts and quelling the demons that so obviously tear at his soul. "Before I met you, yeah...a big part of me no longer felt deserving of happiness, of love, of life." He opens his eyes and meets my gaze, steady once more. "Kassie, I've done horrible things in my lifetime. I've killed men-countless men-with my bare hands. Worst of all...during my deployments, there were times I'd undoubtedly been responsible for killing innocent women and children."

He stops and averts his gaze. I can see the heartbreaking sincerity in his face; this man is truly remorseful for the things he's had to do to survive in this ugly, brutal world. If I'm honest, it frightens me that he's capable of such unrelenting violence. However, I realize it's much the same way a loving, loyal, pet dog can turn into a ferocious killer if beaten and backed into a corner enough times. I don't know everything about Declan's past, but I know that deep down he's a good man, he knows what it means to be loyal, and loving-that much is sure.

I lay my hand against his scruffy cheek as the tears stream down my face. "Declan, I know that you're a good man and that everything you've done for your club, everything you were forced to do for the military...you did it because you had to. You're a loyal, loving, honorable man who was dealt a bad hand and did the best you could with the tools you were given. I can't even begin to imagine the shit you've been through, but I want to be with you to make the rest of your life better, if I can. You deserve to be happy. You deserve to be loved. You deserve to live your life, Declan.

He looks up at me as if God himself has just given him a pardon. "Will you stay here with me?" he asks, running his fingers through my hair.

"Of course. I haven't left the hospital since-"

"No. I mean in Vegas. For as long as you'll have me," Declan says, "I don't know how yet, but I want to make this work, Kassie."

"Well. There's no rule book for how to have a stable relationship with a man like you," I tease, "But I'm certainly willing to write it."

"I'll make it worth your while," he says, running his hands down my sides, "I promise you that."

"Oh, I have no doubts in that department," I tell him, resting my hands on his firm chest, "But in the future, could we maybe try to minimize the amount of times I get shot at?"

"Deal," he agrees.

I curl up beside him on the hospital bed, rising and falling with his every breath. We fall into silence, reveling in the confidences we've just shared. I haven't the slightest idea what happens next between us, but I am miraculously unafraid now. Nothing between Declan and I has ever been normal, conventional, safe, or stable. But I've come to realize something important about myself-I don't need any of that. All I need is the man I love, a roof over my head, some good friends, and some good whiskey.

Against all odds, things are finally looking up for me. And all it took was a bad boy biker, a lucky Craigslist ad, and a fight to the death. It's a crazy story, but it's our story. And I wouldn't rewrite it for the world.

EPILOGUE

September

The Forty-Five Club, Las Vegas NV

"To the end of a wild summer," crows the grizzled Kip, raising his glass to the group.

The men and women of Dante's Nine howl their agreement, drinking to a crazy season come and gone. It's September now, and there's work to be done. With the generous personal donations of Declan Tiberi, the club is back in the black. But now the real task of finding new, sustainable business begins. Luckily, Dante's Nine has never been more flush with great minds, what with Kassenia Bennett around.

Kassie perches on her favorite barstool, whiskey in hand. She looks around at her newly adopted family: the nine men of Dante's Nine, the quartet of biker babes that have become her sisters, the regular hang-arounds and familiar faces. Even her best friend of old, Kelly, makes the occasional visit to call on Kassie-and of course, Sam.

But most of all, Kassie lets her eyes rest on Declan Tiberi. He stands beside her, fully healed and as strong as ever. She tries to remember what it was like to set eyes on him for the first time, back in her college town of Berkeley. But these days, it's hard to remember that old life, that time before they met. Now that she's here with Declan, she can't imagine being anywhere else. And that goes the same for him.

"Guess you've made up your mind then, huh?" asks Dani, the knockout bartender who's become Kassie's unlikely friend.

"What do you mean?" Kassie asks, savoring her smoky drink.

"Well, summer's come and gone," Dani says, "And you're still by Declan's side. Does that mean you're aiming to become his old lady?"

Kassie considers the question, as she has many times. But as ever, there is only one truthful answer.

"We'll see," Kassie smiles, giving Dani a wink.

Two strong hands fall upon Kassie's shoulders, and she turns to see Declan's familiar blue eyes smiling down at her. She still feels a thrill skirt across her skin every time he touches her. His tall, broad form towers over her, protecting her from anything that might come to pass. But if there's anything Kassie's learned this summer, it's that a solid wall is nothing without the beams that hold it up. And she plans to hold Declan up, to support him, as long as he'll have her. They're more than lovers now, after all-they're a wonderful team.

"Care for a ride?" Declan asks now, running his hands down her lean, bare arms.

"You don't want to stick around?" Kassie asks, spinning to face him on her barstool.

He plants his arms on either side of her, leans in close. A wicked grin twists the corner of his mouth as he lets his eyes trail down over her body. The cropped white halter and daisy dukes she's rocking seem to be doing the trick for him. The look on his face is one she's come to know quite well. It's the one that says, in no uncertain terms, "I want you now".

"Shipping off?" asks John Baxter, the president of Dante's Nine.

"Yeah," Declan says, laying an arm over Kassie's shoulders as she stands beside him, "Thanks for the round."

"You deserve it, after everything you've done for this club," John says, "You're certainly living up to your position here, Mr. Treasurer."

"Fucking right," laughs Chuck, the wiry vice president.

"Thanks, Dec," say Frankie and Teddy, the club's twin mountains of muscle.

"You guys are making me blush," Declan laughs, "I can't handle this touchy feely shit."

"We're just sayin'," Sam shrugs, "Your loyalty means the world to this club."

"I think we all know who our choice for president will be, when the time comes," Kip says pointedly.

"It's a no-brainer," Ollie chimes in, nodding his inked-up head.

"Not that I'm planning on going anywhere anytime soon," John laughs, "But when I do, my endorsement is already locked up."

"Thank you guys," Declan says, "Really, I'd do it all again. You're my family."

"Be that as it may," Sam says, "If you could hold off on the whole sacrificing-your-life-thing for a while, that'd be just fine by the rest of us."

"Duly noted," Declan chuckles, "Catch you guys later."

Kassie wraps her arm around Declan's waist as they walk out into the gathering dusk. The raucous music and voices of the Forty-Five Club can barely be contained by the bar's four walls. The sounds from within are only slightly muffled as the door swings shut. Kassie looks out over the Nevada landscape, the place that in a few short months has come to feel more like home than any other place she's lived.

"Let's go," she says, wrapping her arms around Declan's torso, "The sun's just about to go-Hey!"

She cries out in pleased surprise as Declan spins her around, pressing her back up against the brick wall of the bar. He pins her there with his powerful hips as she runs her fingers through his dark brown curls.

"You just wanted to get me alone, Tiberi," Kassie laughs, pretending to scold him as she lets her fingers trail across the hard panes of his chest, the defined, muscular ridges of his torso.

"Can you blame me?" he asks, his voice low and lusty, "You're a goddamned vision, Kassie. I can't get enough of you."

"That goes for me too," she replies, "But why don't we test the theory?"

Declan leans into her, bringing his lips fiercely to hers. His familiar taste dances across her tongue as their mouths move together, hungry and searching. By now, they've discovered every inch of each other, but that will never mean that they stop exploring.

"Come on," Declan growls, scooping Kassie up into his arms.

He carries her like a bride across the parking lot to where his Harley stands gleaming and ready. Her head falls back in laughter, the golden waves of her hair whipping in the breeze. Declan sets her down on the back of his bike and swings a sculpted leg over the seat. Kassie wraps her arms around his waist, resting her cheek against the back of his leather cut. The Dante's Nine logo is emblazoned there, shining out like a beacon in the sunset light. Even with her gambling heart, she never could have guessed that a pair of dice could be so lucky.

They take off into the fading light, the Harley's headlights cutting through the descending darkness. Kassie's hair whips out behind her, helmet forgone, as they speed along. It's hard for her to believe that there was a time when riding on the back of Declan's bike was terrifying. But now, it feels like her place in the world.

Off through the rolling hills they soar, chasing the sunset. This is how they were meant to be. Two people in love, despite themselves, alone together beneath the crush of the sky and the rise of the Earth. Declan guides the bike down deserted roads, dusty trails, out beyond the reach of anyone and anything. Out here, as ever, they are perfectly alone. And as much as they love their club family, a little bit of shared solitude always does their souls-and bodies-good.

They round the corner of a rock outcropping and roll to a stop. Kassie gasps as she takes in the view. Far below, the neon oasis of Las Vegas glimmers and sparks. It's like a pool of light and color, shape and shadow. From here, it's easy to forget the fear and danger that's she faced within that lively tangle of energy. But for all that, she's still glad to call it home. So long as Declan is there with her.

He offers his hand to her now, offering to help her down off the bike. She humors his chivalrous gesture, and they laugh together as they play the lady and gentleman. The last time they ventured up this far into the hills, Declan was being torn apart by guilt and responsibility. The difference in him between then and now is staggering. His features are settled, sure, confident. You can still tell just by looking at him that this is a man who has lived through tragedy and trial, but he's more composed and in-control than ever. It's as though his dangerous, rippling energy is hardening, concentrating. What used to be crude coal in him shines with the beauty of so many diamonds.

"Well, Mr. Tiberi," Kassie says, leaning back against the bike, "Now that my internship is over, I guess we should talk about my future here."

"Right," Declan laughs, lighting himself a smoke. "I'm sure you know how happy I've been with your performance."

"Oh, I'm sure," Kassie grins, holding her hand out for a drag of his cigarette.

"I think you deserve a promotion," Declan goes on, taking a step toward her.

"What sort of promotion do you have in mind?" she asks, letting the smoke trail off into the warm September breeze.

"Full partnership," Declan says, placing a firm hand on her slender waist.

"I see," Kassie breathes, the closeness of him making her dizzy with want, "And what...would a full partnership with you entail?"

"I wouldn't know," he chuckles, tracing his grasp down her side, "I've never had a partner before."

"Me either," she smiles, placing his cigarette back between his lips.

"I think we should let the terms of our...arrangement...reveal themselves," he says, taking one last drag and flicking the smoke away.

"You mean we can figure out the specifics as we go along?" Kassie asks, lacing her fingers behind his neck.

"Exactly," he says, grabbing her up by the hips and hoisting her onto the seat of the Harley, "You get as much say in this as I do, Kassenia."

"That sounds good," she says, spreading her long legs before him, "Because I have some pretty immediate demands that I'm going to need met."

"Is that so?" Declan asks, placing his hands on her thighs, "Maybe I can anticipate some of your more pressing needs..."

"Oh, I'm sure you can," she breathes, closing her eyes as Declan runs his fingers across her denim-clad skin.

He lowers his lips to the delicate line of her collarbone, brushing his lips against her chest. She struggles to keep her breath even as he unties her white halter, bringing his mouth to her breasts as they strain against her lacy red bra. He pops open the clasp with a flick of his wrist, letting her bra and shirt fall as they will. Kassie gasps as he takes her hard nipple between his lips. She rakes her nails along the back of his cut as he bites, just hard enough.

Her hands fly to his belt buckle, ripping it open and tugging down his jeans. She slides her hands into his briefs as he licks and sucks at her nipples, wrapping her fingers around the stiff length of him. Declan kisses her neck, deeply and slowly, groaning as she works her hands along his thick shaft. His fingers trail along the waist of her jean shorts, teasing her.

Kassie tightens her grip ever-so-slightly as Declan tugs her shorts away. His fingers brush against her throbbing slit, a thin panel of cotton is all that separates her from his cock. She cries out as he slips his fingers around her panties, up into her wanting body. His strong fingers flex against that spongy spot, and a deep pulse of warmth radiates through her.

"Come here," she growls, letting her knees fall further apart.

Declan slides her panties down her lean thighs, and Kassie pulls him toward her, guiding his rock hard dick toward her slick slit. She braces herself against the seat of the Harley as he holds himself there, against her opening. As he lingers there, Declan's fingers find the hard button of her clit, rubbing and rolling it just the way she likes. Bliss blossoms inside of her as he kneads and flicks her.

Just as she's about to tumble over the edge, Declan presses into her body, filling her up in one deep stroke. Kassie wraps her legs around him, pulling him in further, faster. They buck and writhe together, their moans and cried entwined in the twilight. Kassie clutches onto his leather cut as he pounds into her, satisfying her insatiable need for him. They race toward the precipice together, moving with feverish intensity. Declan's eyes close in rigorous anticipation, and Kassie can feel him getting harder by the second. With one powerful, shattering thrust, they're done for. They come hard together, toppling into incalculable ecstasy. Sensation erupts inside of them as Declan fills every inch of Kassie, rocking into her one last time. They're wrapped in each other's arms, still connected in that most intimate of ways as they come down from their heights of bliss. Breathing hard, sated and hopeful, they look at each other in the light of the Nevada stars. Without a word, they bring their lips together, sealing their unspoken promise with as searing a kiss as they've ever shared.

Their lives have not been perfect, Declan and Kassie. The roads they've traveled have been paved with hardship, loss, and tragedy. But now that their paths have crossed, now that they've found each other, the journey forward no longer scares them. What's to fear when you've found your perfect travel companion at last?

THE END

THE END

