Prologue

The Forty-Five Club, Las Vegas NV, One year ago...

I can still hear the boisterous clamor of raised voices and hard rock as Sam pushes me up against the wooden door. We may be tucked away in this secluded bedroom, but the noise of the bar still pulses heavily in the air. Running my hands over Sam's chest, I can feel hard muscles through the thick black leather of his Dante's Nine cut. Every day since we first gave into our lust for each other, I've gotten to memorize a few more inches of Sam's tall, cut figure. Some days, I even score a few sessions of...memorization. Looks like today is going to be one of those lucky days here in Las Vegas.

My bearded, burly lover pins me against the door with his strong, tapered hips. I can feel him hard and ready as we grind against each other, pressed together just the way we like. I raise my lips eagerly to his, my nerves thrilling with delight as his scruffy beard brushes against my skin. He catches my lips in his, kissing me hard and fast. For all the men I've been with, I've never encountered a mountain man beard like Sam's. I was afraid it might tickle or scratch, but I can't get over how much I love the feel of his mouth against mine.

Our tongues glance against each other as I wrap my lean arms around Sam's bulky shoulders. I wrap my legs around his waist, my denim skirt bunching around my hips. That spot between my legs pulses with desire as I press against the telltale bulge in his jeans. He holds me with no effort whatsoever, exploring my body with his rough, strong hands. I'm a rather petite lady-5' 3" and 105 pounds dripping wet-but I bet that Sam would be just as capable of hoisting a buxomer woman into his arms. In fact, I know that he is.

"You're going to make Wendy awfully jealous, bringing me back here," I grin, running my hands through his dark hair. "You know she wants you all to herself."

There are a few hang-arounds here at the Forty-Five Club, mamas looking to latch onto club members of their own. The men of the Dante's Nine MC are pretty picky about which women they keep around for good, but none too shy about having a good time with a sexy sweet butt. Or two. Wendy's one of those girls around here, a club groupie with a thing for Sam. Her plump curves and long blonde hair have enticed Sam before, I know. But maybe my jet black curls and pixie-like figure are more up his alley? That certainly seems to be the case.

"Sounds like you're the one who's jealous, Kelly," Sam grins. "But it's you I want all to myself. I'll show you."

In one swift motion, he swings my tiny frame around and drapes me over his shoulder. I laugh wildly, pounding against his back with my fists. The Dante's Nine logo is emblazoned there between his shoulder blades-a pair of dice rolling a four and a five. I've only just been introduced to this particular MC. My best friend Kassie has been here in Vegas all summer "interning" with the club's treasurer, Declan Tiberi. But by interning, I mostly mean falling madly in love with and fucking like a damned bunny. Oh, and getting mixed up in some crazy dangerous club drama along the way.

I first came to visit a couple of weeks ago, only to find myself smack in the middle of deep shit that was going down between Declan and some gangster named Lorenzo. On my very first night in Vegas, Kassie and I were attacked out on the town. Some of Lorenzo's thugs pulled guns on us at the club, and we barely got away when they opened fire. I was placed in Sam's care until the whole thing blew over. Let's just say it was a bonding experience for us.

My breath catches in my throat as Sam lays me out across the well-worn bed that stands in the corner of this little room. The Forty-Five club boasts a few bedrooms within its walls, perfect for the club members' needs. These men can't possibly be expected to wait until they arrive home to bed their conquests for the night, can they? I have to admit, I love the grittiness of this place. I love how free it makes me feel, being here. Doing whatever the hell I like.

A look of vibrant intensity comes over Sam's face as he kneels over me. That staggering body of his strains with wanting me. I love driving big, bad men out of their minds. And this man is no exception. I arch my back, drawing my thin white halter top up over my head. Sam's hands run down my bare sides, fingers glancing against my ribs. He can practically fit his hands all the way around my tiny waist. My chest is heaving with every breath, now. His simplest touch sets my every cell on fire with anticipation. My sex is throbbing, aching for his touch. He may be a big, strong biker, but he doesn't skimp in the bedroom when it comes to my needs.

I reach to rip open his belt at the same moment he goes to unclasp my bra. We laugh breathlessly, tearing the clothes off of each other's bodies. This is why I love fucking Sam. We can be as wild and dirty as we like with no strings attached. There's no anxiety, no schmaltzy romance-just rough and rowdy sex.

My favorite.

He shrugs out of his leather cut and places it reverently on the night table. That's the one article of clothing that can't just be tossed away. I know enough about the MC life to know that a member's cut is sacred. But past that, we can't get our clothes off quickly enough. Sam rips off his white tee shirt, revealing scrawling ink all over his chest, arms, and back. My full breasts bounce as I rise to him, kissing each gloriously defined ab. I want to cover every inch of this hard body with my lips, run my tongue along his inked skin. We're tumbling forward in our lusty haze, my panties and his briefs are the only scraps that separate us now. But not for long.

I groan delightedly as he takes my breasts in his huge hands, brushing against my hard nipples with his thumbs. He presses me back against the mattress and brings his lips to one of those sensitive nubs. A grin spreads across my face as he takes my nipple into his mouth, biting down with just the right amount of force. Pleasure and pain have always enticed me, the way they can be so interchangeable, so closely related. And Sam knows that full well. He slides my panties down my thighs, and I eagerly tug down his briefs. I take his thick, stiff member in my hands, barely able to wrap my fingers around it. I stroke down along his long shaft, loving the look of bliss that spreads over his face.

"Two can play at that game," he grins, running his fingers up along my thigh.

His fingers trace the length of my slit as I work my hands along his cock. I gasp as he rolls his thick fingers over the hard, aching button of my clit. A ripple of sensation rolls through me as I run my hands up and down the impressive length of him. We moan in unison, our voices mingling with the raucous sounds from the bar and other bedrooms. I descend into the sexy debauchery of this place, the uninhibited sinfulness. This whole world is so new to me, but I feel more like myself here than I ever have. I don't quite know how to explain it.

Sam has me on the edge of coming as he knocks my hands away from his cock and pins them up over my head, lowering himself onto me. His firm torso presses against mine, my full breasts billowing against the panes of his chest. I brace myself as the tip of his cock presses against my wet, eager sex. That delicious pressure mounts between my legs, and I hold my breath, desperate to feel him fill me up. I suck in a huge breath as he draws back his hips, prepares to thrust up into me and do his part to fulfill my insatiable desire-

Chapter One

Los Angeles, CA, Present day...

"Kelly, are you even listening to me?"

"Huh?" I reply, snapping sharply out of my sexy daydream. My entire body feels flushed, alive, and rather inappropriately turned on. That's what I get for letting myself fantasize in public. I blink across the impeccably set dinner table, the upscale sushi restaurant coming back into focus around me. Across the plates of sashimi, my boyfriend Bryan's face has collapsed into a testy scowl.

"Clearly not," he mutters, clicking his chopsticks together with annoyance, "Guess I shouldn't be surprised by that anymore."

"Sorry babe," I smile, reaching across the table for his hand, "My mind was just wandering a little."

Wandering quite a lot is more like it, but Bryan doesn't need to know that. It's amazing how memories of the Forty-Five Club manage to swallow me whole whenever they surface. My fleeting time there has been on my mind a lot, lately, especially thoughts of Sam. My heart twinges as I think about my bearded lover in the present tense. Even though I only knew Sam for a short while, it still hurts to think about him.

A few short weeks after our little fling went down, Sam was killed in a motorcycle accident outside of Las Vegas. I haven't heard much else about what happened, but it doesn't sound like the club has ruled out foul play. Sam was a great guy. I can't help but wonder what might have become of us, if we'd had time to get to know each other. Mourning his loss was complicated and more difficult than I let on. Was I really mourning the man I'd met, or the loss of a potential life with Dante's Nine? It's tough to say for sure.

"And there you go again," Bryan says exasperatedly, "Am I really so boring that you can't keep your mind on our conversation for three seconds?"

"Don't get all huffy," I sigh, glancing around the hushed restaurant, "I thought we were just having a nice meal. If I'd known that laser focus was going to be mandatory-"

Bryan's brown eyes flash with indignation, his angry look transforming his entire face. My boyfriend is, by all rights, a wickedly attractive man. He has to be-it's his profession, after all. Bryan is an actor and model, and a moderately successful one at that. His brooding, pretty boy face has graced the big screen more than a couple of times, albeit in very small roles. And his gym-sharpened body has rocked its share of underwear ads. We met while I was doing some event marketing work for the movie studio that released his last picture. I admit, I was a bit star-struck by him. He may not be a household name, but I was and am still impressed. Even when he starts acting like a high-maintenance diva at dinner.

"You know that I don't like being ignored," he says crisply, his sharp, clean-shaven jaw pulsing with tension.

"Oh, yes. I know how important attention is to you," I drawl, rolling my eyes, "But I assure you, babe, you can survive not being the center of attention for a minute. Attention-depravation is not actually fatal."

"Don't pull that sassy, empowered woman crap with me," Bryan snaps, "It's fucking exhausting, Kelly."

"Well, I can't help you there," I shrug, "That's just the way I am. You should know that after six months."

My mention of our dating timeline cools both our tempers. That's why we're here at this far-too-expensive restaurant, after all-celebrating our six month anniversary. I swallow a little smile, remembering how angry Bryan got when I pointed out that anniversaries mark years, not months. It's a good thing he's cute and rich, because he does not have a whole lot else going for him. I was still reeling from Sam's death a bit when I met Bryan. He seemed like such a clean-cut, upstanding alternative to the bad boy biker who'd swayed my heart. But I've been realizing lately that even movie stars have their flaws. Or in Bryan's case, many flaws.

"You're right," Bryan says, sighing dramatically, "You can't help the way you are. I don't blame you for being difficult."

"Gee. Thanks," I say dryly.

"At the end of the day, I like all of those things about you," he says, running a hand through his artfully-tousled blonde hair, "You're stubborn as hell and impossible to get along with sometimes. You've got the whole angry feminist thing going on, but it's kind of hot."

"And you're incredibly well-kept and charismatic, despite your egomania and narcissism," I smile, "Look at us, doling out the compliments."

"Exactly," Bryan says, flashing me his million dollar smile, "I think we work well together. This is a partnership that makes sense to me."

I cock an eyebrow at him. Are we talking about a business deal or a relationship here? If I'm honest with myself, there's no good reason for me to be dating this person. But at this point in my life, I'm feeling a little lost. I feel like I've just been stumbling into one thing after another since my run-in with Dante's Nine. I know I need to start standing up for what I actually want, but really doing that's another matter.

My skeptical look goes unnoticed as Bryan snaps for the waiter's attention. My skin crawls at that awful habit of his, and I smile apologetically at our server as he hurries over with a plate of assorted mochi.

"Hope you saved some room for dessert," Bryan says grandly, crossing his arms with smug satisfaction.

"I'm actually pretty full," I reply, pushing the plate toward him, "You should help yourself, though."

"First of all, you know I don't eat dessert. My agents would kill me," he replies, his glee wavering, "And second of all...just...look at the damn plate."

I begrudgingly lower my gaze to the assembled confections. A vibrant glint catches my eye, and I lean in closer to investigate.

"What the hell..." I mutter, nudging a treat aside for a better look. Only then do I realize what Bryan's been on about. The room spins wildly around me as the air rushes out of my lungs. Nestled between the sweet desserts is a gigantic granddaddy of a diamond ring. There's only one thing a rock of that momentous size could mean.

"That cost me a pretty penny," Bryan says happily, "But it was worth it. I like spending money on you, Kelly."

I tear my eyes away from the bling, staring at my clueless boyfriend. My jaw hangs open, my mind unable to form words. What the bloody hell am I even supposed to say?

"Try it on," Bryan urges.

"I...What..." I stammer, looking around the restaurant to see if there are any hidden cameras about, or whether Ashton Kutcher is about to jump out of the woodwork to tell me I've been punk'd. But no dice. This is really happening.

"Come on, Kelly," Bryan laughs, plucking up the ring and slipping it onto my finger, "This is the part where you get all weepy and call your girlfriends, and-"

"Jesus Christ, Bryan," I gasp, my hand weighed down by the massive jewel, "This is absolutely insane."

"Right?" he grins, "The perfect proposal moment. I'm pretty proud of how-"

"No, I mean certifiably insane," I clarify, "Like not-in-your-right-mind, straight jacket and electroshock therapy insane."

His winning smile falters ever so slightly. "Are you not...happy about this?"

"I'm...very confused," I say, sliding the ring off of my finger once more, "For fuck's sake, Bryan, we've only been together for a few months."

"Several months," he corrects me.

"We've never lived together. Or travelled together," I go on urgently, amazed at his ignorance, "I don't even know your middle name. You've never even seen my apartment."

"How is any of this relevant?" Bryan asks blankly, "You're a great match for me. We look great together, we have amazing sex. We should get married."

I have to bite my tongue to keep from breaking the news that our sex life is mediocre, at best. I've been doing my fair share of acting too, where my orgasms are concerned.

"Look, actors with non-industry spouses are having a moment," Bryan goes on, annoyed at having to explain himself, "We could be a power couple, Kelly."

"I really have no idea what to say to you right now," I tell him, shaking my head.

"Say yes already," he urges, "Come on. The help is starting to look concerned."

"The help?" I echo, gob smacked, "You mean the wait staff?"

"Whatever," he seethes.

Despite my distaste for him, my annoyance, and my horror, I burst into a fit of uproarious laughter. I can't stop myself, this whole thing is just too rich.

"Is something funny?" he asks coldly.

"Oh, very," I laugh, throwing my head back, "You actually thought this was a good idea? That I might actually marry someone who says things like 'the help' and 'angry feminist thing'?"

"Well you're going to, aren't you?" he insists.

"Of course I'm not!" I exclaim, my laughter subsiding, "Bryan, you're the most arrogant, inconsiderate man I've ever been with."

"Then why the hell are you with me, if I'm so terrible?" he fumes.

"Honestly? I have no idea," I say, looking at him in a brand new light. "I don't know what I've been thinking, sticking around for as long as I have."

"You don't mean that," Bryan says, "You must be having a mood swing or something. Did you switch birth control or what?"

"That's it," I mutter, jumping to my feet, "I can't have this conversation with you. Or any conversation. I'm done."

"Where do you think you're going?" he demands, rising.

"Away," I say, grabbing my purse. "I don't need you to send me anything, since you wouldn't even let me keep a toothbrush at your place. Have a nice life, buddy."

"You can't just leave," Bryan says, grabbing me by the arm.

"Let go," I hiss, as heads swivel toward us all around the dining room.

"Not until you change your mind and say yes," He insists, tightening his grip, "I've already informed my publicists that this is happening."

"You're hurting me, you asshole," I say, raising my voice just loud enough for the rest of the room to hear.

"Stop being hysterical," he growls, "You're going to make a fool out of me."

I wince as he tries to drag me back to the table. If there's anything I have zero tolerance for, it's being disrespected. When I say "no" or "that's enough," I damn well mean it. I wrench my arm out of Bryan's manicured hand and slap him right across the sculpted cheek. The air goes out of the room as he turns to look at me, shocked and furious. The only sound to be heard is the clicking of a dozen smartphone cameras, capturing our spat for the tabloids and blogs. Good. I'm glad. The world should see him like this, for once.

"You're ruining everything," he says, clutching his face. I'm happy to see a hand-shaped red mark rising there. "What are you thinking, laying a hand on me?"

"That's the most I've enjoyed any physical contact with you," I tell him, "We're through, Bryan. Please don't bother trying to do anything about it."

"I could have made you a power player," he says, "You could have been an A-lister, once I finally got my big break. I could have given you everything, Kelly, and you're just throwing it all away because, what, we're not mooning over each other 24/7? Love is just business, sweetheart. Pure and simple."

"I guess we have to agree to disagree. I have a different sort of life in mind," I tell him, my thoughts flying once again to Vegas, to memories of Sam. "Goodbye, Bryan."

"Unbelievable," he mutters, sinking back into his seat, "Good thing I got insurance for this damned ring."

I turn on my heel and march out of the restaurant, very aware of the whispers that follow in my wake. I expect to feel some sort of mixed emotions, walking away from my boyfriend of six months. But as I step out into the warm LA night, I feel freer than I have in a long time. I realize now that I've been fooling myself. Trying to convince myself to want the chic, polished life that comes along with living here in LA. But if I'm honest with myself, that's not what I want at all. I don't want cocktail parties and brunch. I want another taste of that life I got to sample in Vegas. I'm starving for it.

Crossing the parking lot in a hurry, I realize there's only one person I can talk to right now. My hand flies to my cell phone and punches in number one on my speed dial. I lean against the hood of my car as the phone rings. Finally, my lifeline answers.

"Hey babe," I hear Kassie's voice say across the line, "What's going on?"

"Oh, not too much," I sigh, relieved to hear my best friend's voice, "Having a bite, gonna go home and catch up on my shows, Bryan just proposed..."

"What?!" she screams. I have to hold the phone away from my ear until her distressed cries die down, "Please don't tell me I'm supposed to be happy about this. I'm not that good at faking it, Kelly-"

"I said no, don't worry," I tell her, "And gave him a nice slap across the face when he tried to force a yes out of me. We're broken up."

"That scumbag," Kassie mutters, "Sorry. No offense. Not trying to revel in your breakup or anything, I'm just really happy for you. I'm also pretty excited that I don't have to pretend to like that guy anymore."

"That makes two of us," I say, smiling slightly, "It still stings, though. I wanted to be happy with someone like him, even if I was just fooling myself. But I just don't think I have it in me to settle for a guy like that."

"That's a good thing, Kelly," Kassie urges, "Breaking up always sucks, but you're making room for someone you actually want in your life."

"The only person I want in my life right now is you," I insist, "Can I see you sometime soon, Kass? I feel like it's been ages."

"I know," she sighs, "Things have been a little nuts, here. CrowdedNest is really taking off. Which is great, of course, I'm just working like a maniac."

"How's your man?" I ask, always happy for some juicy details about Kassie's love life. Her whirlwind romance with Declan was incredible to watch from afar. In one summer, Kassie went from wounded ingenue to kickass leading lady, all thanks to the Dante's Nine MC and Declan Tiberi. And her own fierce gumption, of course.

"Declan's doing a lot better lately," Kassie says, her voice tinged with sadness, "It's been a rough year, but I feel like we're getting to the other side of it at last."

My own heart twists a little, remembering how devastated Declan looked at Sam's memorial service. They'd been so close, those two. Even for a man so accustomed to death, losing a brother so suddenly must have been quite a blow.

"The club's kind of been in flux," Kassie goes on, "Since Sam passed, I mean. Declan's been fighting in actual legit venues to bring in some cash, not to mention his personal contributions from the venture capital pot. And the other side businesses are doing alright. But without our ninth brother, everyone kinda seems lost."

"You've been dropping a lot of 'we's' and 'our's'," I point out, "Feeling more like a member of the club these days?"

"Well, I can never be a patched member," Kassie reminds me.

"Right," I say, "No girls allowed. I remember."

"I can hear you rolling your eyes over the line," she laughs.

"Just seems a little arcane," I reply, "What good does it do a club to keep women out?"

"But it's not as though there's no room for women in this world," she insists, "I should know, right?"

"Do tell," I press, "Anything to distract me from my own dismal relationship situation."

"Well," Kassie says excitedly, "I've been by Declan's side for a year, now. We've been through our shit. The stuff with Lorenzo, Sam...but we've only grown stronger as a couple. It's unlikely as hell, us understanding each other, but we do. We both want this to be a more long term sort of thing."

"Tell me he proposed too," I say excitedly, "And please tell me that you actually got to say yes-"

"Whoa, whoa, hold on," Kassie laughs, "Declan has not proposed. In so many words. That's not always the way it works in a club, Kel."

"Right," I say, "You don't have to get married to be an old lady, do you?"

"No, you don't," Kassie replies. I can hear the happiness in her voice.

"You're Declan Tiberi's old lady aren't you?" I gasp, bouncing on the soles of my feet.

"I'm...well...more or less-" she begins.

"Oh. My. God," I cry, "Kassie, when did this happen?!"

"We just talked about for the first time last night," she gushes, "He wanted to know whether I'd be happier as an old lady or a civilian wife."

"And?" I ask.

"I don't know yet," Kassie says, "I need to think about it."

"Of course."

"Look at us, fielding all sorts of proposals," she laughs.

"At least yours comes from a man you actually love," I say, glaring as Bryan strides out of the restaurant with a leggy blonde on his arm. That asshole doesn't waste any time.

"Forget Bryan," Kassie says, "He's terrible. And not even that good in bed, right?"

"It's just that my life here in LA is so wrapped up in him," I explain, "Same friends, same industry connections, same coffee shop..."

"I have an idea," Kassie says, "Why don't you come stay with me and Declan for a while? Get a new start. We only use one of the suites now that we've officially shacked up. You could stay in the other."

"Seriously?" I breathe.

"Absolutely," Kassie says, "Now that I think about it, this could be perfect. Are you still freelancing out there?"

"Mostly."

"Well, how would you feel about helping me with CrowdedNest? I'm in way over my head, and I need an amazing partner."

"Kassenia Bennett, are you offering me a job?" I ask.

"And a place to stay, if you're interested," she says.

"Of fucking course I'm interested," I exclaim. My spirits rise from the gutter to the starry sky as I imagine what it will be like, living and working alongside my best friend in Sin City. And all a stone's throw away from the Forty-Five Club.

"So you'll come? I could really use my best friend right now," Kassie says.

"My only question is, do you mind if I jump in my car and come immediately?" I ask.

"Do it!" she laughs, "Get that cute little ass over here this minute, Kelly Rodgers!"

"Oh, it's so on," I say, wrenching open my car door and hopping inside. "This is going to be epic, Kassie."

"Floor it, baby!" she cries, "I'll see you soon!"

We hang up as I roar out of the restaurant parking lot en route to my spare LA apartment. A wide grin is stretched across my lips, my heart races with gleeful anticipation. I know full well how impulsive it is, picking up and heading to Vegas on a seeming whim. But there's nothing holding me here, now that Bryan has shown his true colors once and for all. All my work is freelance, my apartment is rented month-to-month. And when I'm honest with myself, I just wish I'd never left Vegas last year. There's something about that place that intrigues me, something sexy and dangerous. Something I want to know more about.

I load up my car with all the clothes and things I care to grab, amazed by how light I feel. Crazy or no, this is the right decision. I take one last look around my impersonal apartment. I've been working so hard and spending so much time at Bryan's cushy pad that I've barely even slept here. Maybe my cushy new pad in Vegas will feel more like home.

Feeling like a pioneer in a covered wagon, I peel off into the night. It's going to be a long ride to Vegas, but I can't wait another moment. Bryan's failed proposal already seems like it happened in another life, to another woman. I'm only looking forward, now, ready for whatever lies in store for me. I'm not religious, but I believe in good vibes. And right now my heart is full to the brim with hope and excitement. For the first time since leaving Las Vegas last year, I can't wait to see what the next day holds.

"Brace yourself, Sin City," I mutter, racing along toward the California border, "Kelly Rodgers is coming for you."

Chapter Two

Las Vegas, NV

I have not led what most would consider a tame life. As a kid, I was more or less left to my own devices. My single mother, god bless her, had too much on her plate to keep a close watch on me and my two older sisters, Abby and Britt. My sisters all but raised me, bringing me along to parties or bringing the parties home to me. I got crash courses in sex, booze, and drugs long before any of my classmates in school. I've been partying hard my whole life, and haven't always run with the best of crowds.

Not even Kassie knows the extent to which I already know a thing or two about the MC life. There was a club that operated in our hometown in Southern California, and our very own cousin Matthew became a prospect for a local chapter of a club called The Devil's Wraiths when I was still in high school. I was fascinated by the stories he would tell us about club life, and was thrilled every time another brother would show up at one of our house parties. Even their sigil fascinated me: a swirling, demon-like figure, holding out a bony, beckoning hand. I always felt, in some way, that that hand was stretched out to me.

The truth is, I've been fascinated by the MC life for a long time. I may have even messed around with a couple of Matthew's brothers, back in the day. There was actually a time in my life, during my junior year of high school, when I considered running away and throwing myself at the MC life. I was totally overwhelmed by the prospect of trying to get into a good college, and not at all convinced that I was strong enough to rise above my less-than-impressive situation. I even talked to Matthew back then about becoming a house mouse-sort of a Girl Friday to one of the club members' old ladies. But just as I was about to take the plunge, I got my acceptance letter from my dream school. I took a leap of faith in an entirely different direction and decided, for once, to have faith in myself.

I discovered, during undergrad, that I was actually smarter than I'd been led to believe. My street smarts and books smarts put me in good standing to not only succeed academically, but also navigate the murky social waters of college with ease. I knew what I wanted from my friends and lovers, and didn't take any shit on either front. Sure, this made me sort of an outsider, and caused more than one person to consider me a bitch, but what did I care? I was kicking ass, setting myself up to get into a great grad school and even better career.

But for all that, part of me still wondered what would have happened if I'd taken the other path. The MC path. I was always too nervous to tell anyone about that part of my past. I'd chosen to reinvent myself in college as cool, whip-smart, and mature. What would people think of me if they knew that I was really a white trash would-be biker groupie? I couldn't even come clean to Kassie, when we started getting close.

All thoughts of my conflicted past dissipate as the horizon starts to glow with the bright lights of Vegas. I've been driving like a maniac, flying well over the speed limit. But I can't bring myself to care about that, now. The beacon of Sin City gleams like a light house before me, and I'm sailing this ship full steam ahead. I just have to hope that the seductive draw of this place isn't just a siren song, that I'm not about to dash myself against the rocks. But with nothing to return to, now that Bryan's scattered my life in LA, what have I got to lose?

Las Vegas swallows me up the second I roar past that famous sign. It's early morning, now. I've been driving all night. I can barely keep my eyes on the road as the strip rises up all around me. The neon and glitter, bare skin and outrageous glamor, are unlike anything else in the world. You'd think that this is the last place I'd ever want to venture again, after what happened to me and Kassie. But that little taste of danger has awakened something within me, that curiosity I had as a lost teenager. I just have to be careful not to let it take control.

I find Kassie's building and am overjoyed to find Franklin, the steel-nerved doorman, waiting by the curb. Despite the early hour, he looks chipper as ever.

"Ms. Bennett said you'd be joining us for a spell!" he crows, as I step out of my car, "We'll have a valet park this for you, never fear. I'm sure they're waiting for you upstairs."

"Thank you kindly," I say, throwing my arms around the aged protector. Propriety be damned, I'm happy to see this guy.

"O-oh," he stammers, taken aback by my show of affection, "I. Um. Swell."

I step back to give him some space. It's easy to forget, sometimes, the effect I have on men. Growing up, I was a scrawny scrap of a thing, all elbows and buck teeth. It wasn't until I was sixteen or so that the tits and ass sprung up. I've come to love the balance my body strikes between tiny and curvy. And the men (and women) I've known and loved have appreciated that balance, too.

Franklin leads me to the elevator, and I'm whisked away from the ground. I can't quite believe that this is going to be my new home. It was one thing when Kassie landed her unexpected dream house, but I guess it's my turn to get used to the good life, too. I don't know how I'll ever be able to thank her and Declan for their hospitality. This move and job are game changers for me.

The elevator doors swish open, and I step out onto the penthouse landing. The elegance of this space cannot be overstated. Growing up in a tiny two-bedroom, one-floor house, I never could have imagined that I'd come across luxury like this. I sometimes wonder what my teenage self would think if she could see me now. Would she be thrilled by my success, or think I was a total sell out?

No sooner do my heels click against the marble floor than the door gilded with a gold "A" flies open. My best friend appears in the doorway for the briefest of moments before flying straight at me. We throw our arms around each other, shrieking and babbling like twelve-year-olds at a boy band concert. Even with all the chaos rocking my life right now, I feel more stable the instant I'm back in Kassie's company. She may have some baggage of her own, but this girl is my rock. No matter how tough I play, I've missed her badly.

"What did you do, teleport here?" she asks, taking a step back from me.

"You said I should come right away," I smile, "I'm just following orders, boss."

"Oh god, none of that 'boss' stuff, please," she says, wrinkling her nose, "We're going to be partners, you and me. As always, right?"

"Right," I say, taking a good long look at her.

This last year has treated Kassie incredibly well. Since meeting Declan and coming to Vegas, my virginal, wounded best friend has blossomed into a sexy, bossy babe. She was always beautiful, with her long shapely body and soft curves, her bright eyes and gorgeous blonde waves. But she's found a new confidence since moving here. Kassie is a woman who's figured out what she wants-her own business, an awesome partner, and an exciting life. I wish I had that kind of clarity about my own self. I thought, for a time, that what I wanted was the life Bryan had to offer. Parties, money, glamour, all of that could have been mine. But it all just seems so...boring, now that I think about it. I wasn't meant to be a D-list actor's arm candy, that's for damn sure.

"You look amazing," I tell Kassie.

"Thanks, babe," she grins, flicking a blonde tress over her shoulder. She's totally embraced the classy biker chick thing. Her black leather pants and tight white top are bold and sexy, not the least bit trashy. She knows that she's more than just a hang-around or a sweet butt. She's well on her way to becoming an old lady. And there's power in that kind of title.

"You look...like you've had a long day," she says, her eyes lingering on the ripped jeans and cotton pullover I threw on after slipping out of my fancy date dress.

"Well, it has been one for the books," I sigh.

"Come on," Kassie says, taking me by the hand, "Take a load off."

She leads me into the suite she shares with Declan. The space is mostly unchanged, modern and high-tech. But there are quite a few analog, homey touches that I know must be Kassie's. The furniture is as minimalist as ever, but the art on the walls and books on the shelves can only be the work of my best friend. The sprawling view of Las Vegas through the wall of windows knocks the breath out of me. I can't believe I'm going to call this place home.

"Red or white?" Kassie asks, strolling into the kitchen.

"Yes, please," I grin, sinking onto the couch.

She pours two goblet-sized glasses of a fine Spanish wine and joins me. I can't get over how poised and sure she is, these days.

"To reunions," she says, holding up her glass, "And to kicking dirt bag boyfriends with mediocre TV careers to the curb, of course."

"I'll drink to that," I tell her, and happily do. The delicious tempranillo goes down like silk. I could certainly get used to this.

"So, how does it feel, being eight hours single?" Kassie asks.

"Exhausting," I laugh, "I can't believe you waited up for my ass. What is it, two in the morning? Three?"

"Four, I think," she smiles, "But come on. What kind of best friend would I be if I wasn't here for you through this?"

"I hope you don't mind me saying so, but I kinda feel like we've pulled some Freaky Friday shit," I tell her, "Didn't I used to be the cool, collected one, walking you through everything guy-related? You leap frogged right past me, lady."

"I wouldn't put it that way," Kassie says, "I don't think it's even remotely possible to compare our journeys. But you're right about one thing. Being with Declan...it has changed me. But for the better, I think."

"I can tell," I say, "It's awesome, Kassie. I'm so glad you're happy here."

"I'll be even happier now that you're here with me," she says, taking a generous sip of wine, "Declan's a great partner, but he hasn't been very...present, lately."

"No?" I ask, "I thought you guys were tighter than ever?"

"We are, in a way," she says, "With this marriage and old lady talk, and all. But outside of those conversations, I feel like I can't keep track of him. I've been working on CrowdedNest so hard that I didn't notice for a while that he hasn't been home as much. He swears that there's just been more club business to take care of, lately."

"Do you believe him?" I ask.

"Of course," she replies, "But that doesn't do much to ease my mind. I have no doubt that there's some new shit going down with Dante's Nine, but I'm not sure I like the nature of it."

"What do you mean, Kass?" She looks around the room nervously, and that single gesture puts my nerves on high alert. What does she have to be afraid of? "Are you worried about something, babe?"

"A little," she admits, leaning toward me, "I've only overheard snippets of specifics, but I think that the club has gotten some new information about Sam's death."

"I thought...it was an accident?" I say, heartstrings twisting painfully at the mention of my bearded friend.

"That's what everyone thought at first," Kassie goes on, "He was with some guys from another club the Nine have always been friendly with. No one thought anything of it, just took their word about what happened. No reason not to. But I don't think that's the case, anymore. I don't know any details, but the club is taking another look at what happened to Sam. And I'm not sure that the truth is quite so innocent."

"Do the guys think that Sam was...murdered?" I ask, my voice small.

"I have no idea," Kassie says, remarkably calm. I have to remind myself that this is a girl who is more accustomed to death than I. I may have partied and slept around harder than her, but she's been through some real shit. And it sounds like there's more of the same coming her way, now that she's involved with this club.

"Have you talked to Declan about this?" I ask, "If someone really did attack Sam, then anyone related to Dante's Nine could be in danger, right?"

"I've tried to ask him about it," Kassie says, "But he's holding out for exactly that reason, to keep me out of danger. He probably thinks that the less I know, the safer I'll be."

"And what do you think?" I press.

"I think..." she begins, "That I'm still figuring out what my role is, in this club. I have to follow his lead on this one."

"Christ, Kass," I breathe, leaning back against the couch, "Never a dull moment for you, is there?"

"God no," she laughs, "But imagine how boring it would be if there was one?"

We stay up together until the sun begins to rise over Sin City. There's a lot to catch up on, after all. It's only been a matter of weeks, but still. I definitely took my constant access to a good listener for granted during grad school. Kassie's always been the person who's understood me better than anyone else, even my own blood sisters. There's certainly never been a man in my life who's known what I need the way she does. I can't imagine that there will ever be one, actually.

I don't know when I doze off, exactly; only that I jerk back to consciousness as I hear the front door open. I peer through the early morning sunlight, confused for a moment about where I am. Kassie and I have passed out together on the couch, two bottles of wine gone between us. I pull myself up to sitting as heavy footsteps tread across the apartment. Declan's arrived home, at last. He doesn't even notice me sitting in his living room, at first. His entire body is stiff with tension, his handsome face twisted into knots. I'm almost afraid to say hello to him in this state. He looks like a man on the warpath-and I'd prefer to stay out of his way.

But no such luck. My movement catches his eye. Declan jerks his gaze my way, and I'm alarmed to see the violence shining through those piercing baby blues of his. His anger leaves me speechless. It isn't until he recognizes me that his expression softens, if only a hair.

"Kelly," he says, "What are you doing here?"

"I...um...came to visit."

"I didn't know you were coming."

"Oh...Kassie didn't tell you?" I ask softly.

"No," he says, his expression unreadable, "No, she didn't mention that."

"It was sort of sudden," I say apologetically.

"It's...fine," he says, staring at me hard, "Are you staying for a while?"

Oh god. This is not the conversation I want to be having with him right now. I was hoping that Kassie would have broken the news to him, but I guess she didn't have time. It looks like he's been out all night. He looks flushed, beat, and bitter.

"Kassie invited me to come work for CrowdedNest," I say, trying to keep my voice chipper, "And, um, maybe crash in the other suite? Just for a while."

A long moment of silence unfolds between us. I find myself growing unaccountably alarmed. Declan digests this news, stony and silent. When he finally does speak, his voice is low and restrained.

"I'm going to get some sleep."

And just like that, he walks away. My heart is beating like a hammer in the wake of our terse exchange. If I thought that something seemed different about Kassie, then Declan is an entirely changed man. What the hell is that about?

Shaking, I lift myself off of the couch and pad across the apartment, out into the hallway. I cross to the door with the golden "B" and ease open the door, relieved to find it unlocked. I step into my new home and close the door tightly behind me. I feel like I need to barricade myself against whatever madness Declan's carried home with him.

I look around my new digs. The place looks just the way it did during my last visit. This will be my little island, my safe haven against all the chaos that rages on beyond these walls. I take a deep breath, calming some. Nothing can hurt me if I don't let it. Whatever happens, wherever I am, I'm in control. I've always been proud to take care of myself, and that's not going to change now.

Collapsing into my huge new bed, I resolve to settle into my new place. After I sleep off this bottle of wine, that is.

Chapter Three

It takes me a good solid week to get settled in my new place. After unloading my carful of hastily-grabbed belongings and stocking the kitchen with enough espresso to fully caffeinate a small country, it's time to get down to business. Kassie wants me to come on board as a senior developer for her website, so I've got a bit of catching up to do. I know that she's my best friend, but I'm not going to slack because of that. I'm going to do a kickass job for CrowdedNest. Who knows? Maybe if it takes off, we'll be billionaires in our own right, Declan Tiberi aside.

Kassie and I spend every waking minute together, this first week. Working out or swimming in the mornings, talking through her business model, hitting up happy hour-it feels a lot like being back in grad school together. Expect now our playground is Vegas, not Berkeley; and our nights consist of hitting up fancy restaurants and clubs, not chowing down on pizza while stoned out of our minds. I guess there's something to be said for growing up.

I have to stop myself from begging to visit the Forty-Five Club again. Kassie doesn't know how intrigued I am by that life, I don't want her to feel like I'm intruding. After all, she's the one who's getting deeper into MC life these days, not me. And she's newer to it than she realizes. I don't want Dante's Nine to look down on Kassie for bringing her yuppie, LA friend to the bar. I may know that my cute, professional exterior is masking a grittier past, but no one else does. Least of all some bad boy bikers I only met a couple of times.

But as luck would have it, I don't have to resort to pleading. Just as my first week in Vegas is drawing to a close, Kassie suggests heading over the Forty-Five Club herself.

"The guys probably won't be around," she says, as we whip up a quick pasta dish for dinner in my suite, "Or they'll be locked in the back room. Again. But we can go hang out with Dani and the girls."

"Sounds great!" I reply, dropping a cheese grater in my excitement. "I mean, yeah. That could be a good time."

"Wow. Enthusiastic much?" she says, surprised by my reaction.

"I. I just-" I stammer.

"Uh-oh," Kassie smiles, "Did someone catch the MC bug last time she was in town?"

"Got me," I admit, laughing nervously, "But can you blame a girl?"

"I most certainly can't," she allows.

After a light but delicious dinner, we fetch Kassie's car from the garage and take off toward the outskirts of town. I've slipped into some dark jeans and a black tank, my hair hanging long and loose. My appearance may look effortless, but I've actually toiled over it. I don't want any of the other girls to think I'm trying too hard. For her part, Kassie looks incredible in her leather jacket, red lipstick, and high ponytail. That Declan Tiberi is a lucky man to have snagged my best friend's heart.

"Huh," Kassie says, as we pull into the Forty-Five club parking lot, "Looks like the guys are here, after all."

I count nine gleaming Harley's, standing out in front of the bar. That means that all eight remaining brothers are here...but who's the extra bike belong to? We hop out of Kassie's car and head into the club's headquarters. The humble red brick bar, with its glowing neon signs and shabby roof, is a vision I can barely contain my curiosity and excitement. Who would have thought that my quiet friend from Connecticut would be my ticket back into the MC world? And how strange that we've both ended up in the orbit of this place? But maybe that's why we've understood each other so well all along.

"Where the holy fuck have you been?" a smoky, feminine voice calls as we enter.

I look up to see the bootylicious bartender Dani grinning at us from across the room. She's pouring a round for the three resident mamas here at the Forty-Five Club: Sherry, Courtney, and Wendy-my one-time rival for Sam's affections.

"If I'd known you missed me so much, I would have stopped by sooner," Kassie says, giving Dani a hug over the bar. They've certainly gotten over whatever tension existed between them. That, or they're really good actresses. "You all remember Kelly, right?"

"Of course," Dani says, "We all spent a night locked down here together while Declan was fighting to the death or whatever. Remember?"

"Do I," I whistle. While Kassie and the guys went off to save Declan last year, I stayed at the Forty-Five Club while Franklin kept watch over us ladies. I'd never have admitted it at the time, but that was one of the most exhilarating nights of my life. I only wish I could have gone along with Kassie to get in on the real action.

"What are you doing back here?" Wendy asks, crossing her round arms, "I thought we'd have seen the last of you, now that Sam is road kill."

"Don't you dare talk about a brother like that," Dani snaps, her eyes full of fire. She's been a Dante's Nine girl her whole life, as a daughter of another member who was killed in action. Wendy realizes her mistake at once.

"Sorry Dani," she says, meaning it, "All respect to your pops. I was just wondering why this skinny bitch decided to grace us with her company. Again."

"I'm working with Kassie on her website," I reply, trying to be friendly despite her disrespectful tone.

"You mean you're staying?" Courtney asks, not bothering to hide her disdain. As a fellow tiny brunette, she's probably worried that I'll steal her "type" around here. But I have no intention of becoming a fuck buddy for the likes of Chuck and Kip, thanks.

"That's right," I tell her.

"Jesus," Sherry sighs, "That's just what we need. Another girl hogging up the guys' attention. We barely get enough as it these days, with them being so busy and all."

"We have needs," Courtney pouts.

"I'm not here as a sweet butt," I inform them.

"Listen to you with that MC lingo!" Wendy laughs, "Where'd you pick that up from?"

"Yeah, where did you?" Kassie asks, eyebrows raised.

"...TV?" I mumble.

"Of course," Wendy scoffs, "Another uppity princess playing biker babe for a day."

"You're just still mad that Sam wanted to fuck me instead of you," I shoot back, "That was one guy, Wendy. Plenty of cock left around here for you. And I'm no princess, so don't even come at me with that."

"Oh, I think I like her," Dani grins.

"She's a pistol, that's for sure," Kassie says, rolling her eyes affectionately.

"Your man is in the back, with the others," Courtney says to Kassie, trying to diffuse the tension between Wendy and me.

"They're voting on the new prospect," Sherry puts in.

"That explains the ninth Harley," Kassie nods. "You get a look at the new guy?"

"He's a baby," Wendy says sullenly, "Can't be more than eighteen. You should see the peach fuzz he's rocking. His road name is even Tot, because he's so young. But the guys seem to like him."

"The Nine know best," Kassie shrugs.

"The Nine know best," the other ladies echo.

"So, what'll it be ladies?" Dani asks, "Your first round's on me. For the sake of old friends. And new," she says, winking my way.

"Jack good with you, Kel?" Kassie asks.

"Absolutely," I smile at Dani.

The voluptuous brunette is just about to grab a bottle from the bar when the sound of roaring engines cuts through the rock music piping out of the dusty juke box. The six of us trade glances as the sounds grows louder, closer. I open my mouth to ask about the noise, but the back door bursts open, interrupting my thoughts.

The men of Dante's Nine charge across the bar, barely giving us a second look. Their faces are set and ferocious as they pass. John Baxter, the silver fox, is out in front. Declan and the wiry VP Chuck follow closely behind. Ollie, Saul, and Kip are flanked by the massive Frank and Teddy. And there, scurrying behind the lot of them, is a baby faced boy with messy brown curls and wide eyes. That must be the prospect. He is young, and very pretty. Almost in a girlish way. I raise a hand to them in greeting, but they hurry by us before I can utter a word.

"Shit," Kassie mutters, flying to the front window of the bar. The roaring sound is engulfing us, now, and the glare of a dozen headlights blinds us from outside. "This can't be good for us."

"What's going on?" I ask.

"I'm not sure," she mutters, eyes locked on her men as they line up outside, "But I know it's bad."

I peer through the window as six foreign Harley's roar into the parking lot, spraying gravel every which way. They descend like mechanical Valkyries, and my knees go weak. I can't make out much in the glare of the harsh light, but I can see how tense the men of Dante's Nine have become. Are we in danger, here? Are they about to open fire? And why am I excited by that idea instead of pissing my pants?

"Shit," Dani says, joining us at the window with the three mamas, "It's them."

"Who?" I ask, impatient with my ignorance.

"The club I was telling you about," Kassie says quickly, "Our allies who were there when Sam died?"

"You mean...the guys that Declan suspects-"

"Yes," she hisses, cutting me off, "Exactly."

I turn back to the action out front as the strangers' headlights cut out. Peeking through the dimly lit night, I watch as six men climb down off their Harley's. They're all big guys, but two in particular stand out as they approach Dante's Nine. The first, and older man with blonde hair gone white, steps up to John Baxter without fear. His eyes are so dark that they're nearly black. The effect is eerie as hell. There's a patch on his cut that reads, "President", but you can tell that he's in charge just by his stride. He's as thickset as an ancient tree, and just as immovable by my guess. But my attention is dragged away from him when the second massive figure steps out of the shadows and into the light of the Forty-Five Club.

Time grinds to a dead stop as I take in the staggering man before me. My heart takes a running leap and slams hard against my ribcage at the sight of him. He towers over the assembled bikers, standing well over six feet. His broad, rippling body is totally jacked with muscle, and not the kind that's been built in a gym. This is a body that can do some serious damage. The white tee he wears beneath his cut can barely contain his hard pecs, each perfect ab lined up along his torso. His body is perfectly balanced, not an ounce of muscle out of place. The man is a powerhouse, an unshakeable brick wall. And that's to say nothing of his face.

His long dark hair is pulled back in a low ponytail. His full black beard, more like mane than anything else, makes his hazel eyes glow golden. He looks like some kind of exotic, wild cat-a lion crossed with the likes of Zeus. His strong brow is furrowed, his eyes alight with cold, merciless anger. And yet for all that, or maybe because of it, I can't take my eyes off of him. He's the most captivating, gorgeous, dangerous man I've ever set eyes on. The last thing I want to do is look away.

I scan his cut, and my eyes alight on the patches adorning his chest. The first one that catches my eye reads "Vice President". But he crosses his thick, inked arms before I can spot anything else. I have to keep myself from gasping as his biceps flex mightily. I want to crash through his window and barrel straight into those arms. What the hell is wrong with me?

We can't hear what the guys are saying through the thick glass, but anyone with eyes could see that an altercation is brewing. Words fly, fingers jab, teeth are gritted. All in all, it looks bad. Really bad.

"Fuck," Kassie growls, "What's happened now?"

Declan steps out between the two rows of men, holding up his hands in a gesture of containment. Kassie's man is trying to do some damage control-that much is clear-but no one is having it. The golden-eyed god steps right up to Declan, asserting his few extra inches of height. I thought for sure that Declan Tiberi was the most physically impressive man I'd ever set eyes on, but I officially stand corrected. It's strange to see a man as imposing as Declan be outdone. This dark-haired stranger is doing a number on me. How can I be so drawn, so devilishly intrigued by someone after once glance?

Before I can finish feasting my eyes, the gritty, beautiful man turns his back and begins to march away. But before he can slip back into the shadows, my gaze lands square between his shoulder blades, zeroing in on the back of his cut. I have to know what MC these guys are hailing from.

The air rushes out of my lungs as my eyes fix on a very familiar sight, an image I never thought I'd see again once I'd left my hometown. Emblazoned on the back of his cut is a swirling, skeletal form, its long fingers outstretched, beckoning me. I'd know that sight anywhere. My very bones remember its draw, back from when I was a teenager.

"The Devil's Wraiths," I breathe, as the strangers disappear back into the blackness from whence they came.

Kassie whips around to face me.

"How the hell do you know what they're called?" she asks.

I stare back at her, my mind reeling. Seeing that sigil again was like spotting a ghost at the foot of my bed, and no wonder. It's a specter from my past, a reminder of a time when my life came to a crossroads, and could have gone in a completely different direction. Of all the MCs operating in this country, the very one that I almost devoted myself to as a kid has resurfaced in my life once more. The Devil's Wraiths just happens to be the club that Dante's Nine are having trouble with while I'm here? It's too much of a coincidence to be ignored.

"Kelly," Kassie repeats, grabbing me by the shoulders, "How. Did you know. About the Devil's Wraiths?"

The front door crashes open before she can drag an answer out of me, and the men of Dante's Nine come storming back in. The women gathered at the front window disperse. Dani rushes back to the bar to get the guys some much-needed shots, the trio of club groupies rush to comfort the available members, and Kassie steps to Declan. I alone remain at the window, staring out into the darkness as the Devil's Wraiths soar off, their headlights fading to pinpoints.

Kassie and Declan trade some quick, hushed words. She's ready for action, solid as a rock. They really do trust each other, I guess. She's closer to being an old lady than I realized.

"I'm going to take you home," Kassie says, returning to my side once more, "We're going on lockdown for the night."

"Lockdown?" I ask, "Kassie, what the hell-?"

"I'll explain on the way," she says, grabbing my hand and towing me away, "Right now we just have to get out of here."

We climb into her car and take off toward the strip. No one else seems to be dispersing from the Forty-Five Club, not even the other women. But of course they're not, that place is their home. It's only me, the outsider, that needs to be taken away. I'm strangely hurt by this, despite the fact that my rational mind knows I'm not a part of the Dante's Nine family. They have no responsibility to protect or include me. But still.

"Well?" I say to Kassie as we race along.

"It's just what I thought," she sighs, "Things between the Nine and the Wraiths are going sour, fast. Some of our guys have been in contact with other clubs, pressing for intel about the Wraiths. We've been distancing ourselves from them, until we figure out what went down with Sam. Apparently, the Wraiths have taken that distance to be a condemnation. They're saying that we've hurt their reputation and spoiled some big business deal they had in the works. It's bullshit. We're not middle school girls talking behind their backs, we're looking for justice for Sam. It's not our fault their deal fell through."

"I mean...it kind of is, though," I say slowly.

"What?" Kassie snaps, her knuckles white on the steering wheel.

"This world is all about pride and respect," I say, "If the Nine are spreading shit about the Wraiths, then it is their-"

"Nobody is spreading shit!" Kassie exclaims, "My guys would never do something like that, Kelly. And speaking the fuck of, what is your deal with the Wraiths?"

"I don't have a-"

"Do you honestly think you can lie to me?" Kassie asks, "I know you far too well for that."

"Guess lies of omission still fly under your radar," I say softly, staring straight ahead through the windshield.

"I guess they do," Kassie says, cooling down a degree or two. "Please, Kelly. Tell me the truth. All of it. Your safety here depends on it."

"You're going to be pissed."

"Probably," she says, "But tell me anyway."

I draw in a deep breath to begin. Sure, I could make up some bullshit story, here. But Kassie is my best friend, and now my business partner as well. There has to be full disclosure between us, now that we're orbiting the MC life together.

"You know that I had a rather...chaotic childhood," I say, not able to look at her. "When I was a kid, I had a cousin who joined up with the Wraiths. My sisters were always inviting his fellow members over for their parties, and I thought they were the shit. I lied about my age to hook up with a few of them, I won't lie about that. There was a time, before I graduated high school, when I was certain that my best bet in life was to throw myself at the club and see where I stuck."

"Kelly-" Kassie whispers.

"I had no idea I was book smart, or good at anything," I shrug, "I'd never touched a computer that was less than ten years old. The MC life was really appealing. I grew up without a dad. Having a whole pack of fierce men, ready to protect me from the world...it's all I wanted."

"What changed?" Kassie asks.

"I got into college," I tell her, "And some part of me knew that I'd regret it for the rest of my life if I didn't see what I could make of myself. On my own. Without the help of a man. My cousin, Matthew, had all my options lined up with the club. I was going to be some old lady's house mouse. But at the last second, I turned away. Cut myself off from the MC, entirely. I haven't even spoken to my cousin since then. I ran away, and I'm glad that I did."

"Is all of you glad?" Kassie asks softly.

"Yes," I say, "I'm glad that I got my education. I'm glad that I know how to take care of myself. I'm glad that I can look at everything I have in life and know that I built it. But I'd be lying through my teeth if I told you I don't wonder about what would have happened, had I chosen the Wraith's path."

We drive along in silence for a long moment. Kassie's face is unreadable, it always is when she's thinking hard. This is, after all, a girl who knows a thing or two about guarding herself. It hurts, exposing this part of me she didn't know about. I know everything about this girl, the tragedy of her family, her repressed childhood. Telling her this secret now opens a chasm between us. I just have to hope that our friendship is strong enough to stretch across it.

"Are you loyal to the Devil's Wraiths, Kelly?" she finally asks. The pain in her voice is deep and vast. In that one question, I can see just how far into the world of Dante's Nine she's really descended. These guys mean the world to her. They might even be coming to mean more to her than I do.

"Not at all, Kassie," I say earnestly, finally turning to face her, "I swear to you, no part of me feels like it belongs to the Wraiths. I love the Nine. I love that you're Declan's old lady. If anything, I wish I could be part of the MC with you."

"This is insane," she says, shaking her head, "How did I not know this about you? You know every single thing about me-"

"I buried all of that the minute I got to college. As soon as I got out of my hometown, that house, I wanted to be a new person," I say, "I didn't want people thinking I was some white trash bimbo. Least of all you."

"I'd never," she says.

"I know that now," I tell her, "And I'm so grateful for that, Kass. But scared little eighteen-year-old me was not as self-assured as the twenty-six-year-old badass here in your passenger seat."

"I believe you. I'm not mad," Kassie says, "This is just...a lot."

"It is," I nod.

"Thank you for telling me," she says, "But from now on, you have to keep this to yourself. The Nine can't know that you have ties with another club."

"I don't."

"You did," she insists, "And the way things are going, that could make things very dangerous for you. I don't want to send you away, but I will if it becomes unsafe for you here. Don't say anything about the Wraiths to anyone else, especially Declan."

"I won't," I promise her, "I know a thing or two about this world, remember."

"God," she says, "What you must have been thinking, hearing about me and Dante's Nine last year? How did you not say anything to me, when you found out that Dec was a one percenter?"

"I'm really good at keeping my mouth shut," I tell her, "So don't you worry that pretty little head about me."

"Good thing there's more wine at home," she says, sighing deeply, "That's all I can say."

"Seriously," I agree.

The very first thing we do, once we've gotten back to my suite, is open ourselves a bottle of white, though personally, I think tonight calls for something stronger. Kassie and I flop down on the couch together, all talked out. There's only one thing I'm still desperately curious about-the name of that man who so seized my attention at the bar.

"Matthew, my cousin, was in a whole other chapter of the Wraiths," I begin, "I don't know anything much about these guys. Do you?"

"Just a little," Kassie says, "Sam died so soon after I got here, I never met them in peacetime, as it were. They were at the memorial, though. Their president, Mac, is scary as shit. Didn't say a word to me when we got introduced, just stared at me with those black eyes of his."

"And the other members?" I ask, leading her along.

"Only got to meet the VP," Kassie says, "That huge guy that looked like he was going to start shit with Dec. His name's Leo."

Leo, I repeat in my mind, savoring the feel and shape of his name. It's a sexy name for a sexy, leonine man. With his black mane, powerful body, and golden eyes, it's not hard to figure out where his name comes from.

"He and Dec have some history," Kassie goes on, "They've always been really tight. Leo's a fighter too, so they used to train together. Sparring buddies. Go figure."

"Leo boxes?" I ask, trying to sound innocent.

"Not exactly," Kassie says, "He's more of the fight club type. And that's not all. Dante's Nine is smaller than the Wraiths, which really just means they're less greedy. The Nine have their turf and are just content with that. John Baxter runs a tight ship, has since he started the club after the war. But the Wraiths are ruthless. The shit they get into is far less...morally sound, say, than what the Nine do."

"Yeah, that's true," I nod.

"Shit. Right. You already know this," Kassie says, "What the hell was it like, having them around as a kid?"

"We never saw any of the really shady stuff," I tell her, "I mean, they'd stock our parties with all the drugs we wanted, but we only ever hung out with the younger guys. They were the errand boys, not the shot callers. I never even saw their headquarters."

"Good fucking thing you got into college when you did," Kassie says.

"Yeah," I say, "Good thing."

"There's something about Leo that really scares me," Kassie goes on, "There's just no way to know what he's capable of. And with Mac getting older, that means he probably has more sway over the club than ever. Which is not good for the Nine. Not at all. If even Dec can't get through to him? Shit..."

"Do you think that the Wraiths are going to try something? Hurt the Nine?" I ask.

"I seriously hope not," Kassie says softly, "Because if they want to hurt us, I know they will. And badly."

Chapter Four

Strong, unwavering hands run down my sides, grabbing onto the peaks of my hips. I gasp as his grip tightens, and I'm pulled tightly against his huge, hard body. His lips brush against the crook of my neck, kissing hard and hungrily. His powerful body, so capable of destruction and pain, is set on a far more pleasurable task tonight.

We're tangled together in the dark, hidden away from prying eyes. I'm sprawled out beneath him on the bed, amazed by the sheer size of him. His hands explore the shape of me, finding all the tender places that turn me on the most. He knows every button and switch, as if I were a well-oiled machine that he built himself.

I bring my hands to his bearded face, reaching for his lips with mine. His mighty jaw opens my mouth to his, the taste of him like an elixir on my tongue. His own tongue drives into my mouth, deep and strong. I love feeling part of him inside of me-but it only makes me want to feel him absolutely everywhere.

All at once, I find myself spinning in the air as he flips me onto my stomach. I writhe against the bed as he slips off my panties, the final stitch of fabric that lingers between us. I arch my back, letting my firm ass rise to him. He runs his fingers down my spine, sending washes of goose bumps dancing across my bare skin. Those hands graze over the rise of my rear, teasing me. He's doing this on purpose.

"Touch me," I beg, looking at him over my shoulder, "Please, touch me."

His golden eyes blaze with wicked, dominating lust as he looks at me, on my hands and knees before him. Those long, dark tresses of his hang loose around his shoulders now. He looks like a warrior, a brutish beast who could snap me in two if he liked. But I know that's not what he'd like right this second...

"I'll touch you when and how I damn well please," he growls, letting me feel the thick, throbbing length of his desire, pressing between my legs.

Knowing just how hard, how ready he is to spear me on that staggering cock of his has me wet as hell. And he knows it, too. He runs two sure fingers along the length of my slit, groaning with satisfaction to feel how much I want him.

"Ever been with a man like me before, babe?" he asks, resting those fingers against the aching nub of my clit.

"Never," I breathe. It's the only word I can manage to get out before the surges of pleasure, radiating from his touch, leave me wordless.

"Then you've never been with a real man," he growls in my ear, leaning over me.

He's relentless in his touch, and my knees give out beneath me. My cheek presses hard against the mattress as my mouth falls open in wonder. My entire body trembles as he bears down on my clit. Finally, when I don't think I'll be able to take another moment, I come hard. He buries a hand in my hair as I cry out my pleasure. His fingers twist in my dark curls, and I feel that massive cock poised against my body.

"I'll make a real woman out of you yet," he smiles devilishly, lowering himself onto me.

He bucks back and sends his manhood driving into my eager body. I can't form a single sound in the wake of this new, unimaginable sensation. He's so fucking huge. He draws back and slams into me again, and I feel him deeper than I thought was possible. He could pummel right through me if he wanted to.

I press back against his every thrust, taking him as fast, and hard, as deep as I can. I want to feel every, rock hard inch of him-

"Kelly!"

Kassie's voice cuts through my sexy reverie. I jerk my head up, flushed and confused. It's always been a bad habit of mine to slip into daydreams and lose track of the real world. Or in this case, slip into sinfully delicious fantasies about a man I've only met once in my life. Thank god my skull isn't transparent-Kassie would be appalled if she knew what I was really thinking about. Not because of the steamy sex, but because of my choice in fictional partner. Leo, the VP of the Devil's Wraiths, is as off limits as they come.

"What is it?" I ask, trying to sound casual.

"Have you seen this?" Kassie says, carrying her laptop over to the breakfast bar where I sit huddled over a cup of coffee.

"Seen what?" I ask, as she plunks the device down in front of me.

"Just look," she says, scrolling down through some nonsense celebrity gossip site.

"Oh Christ," I groan, as Bryan's face appears on the screen.

There's an entire photo gallery of him, clearly drunk and very shirtless, with a leggy model on each arm. The man looks like a train wreck. I've only been in Vegas two weeks, and he's already gone right off the deep end. His red eyes look hollow, his carefully kept body drained of energy. This is not the cocky, high maintenance douchebag I walked out on. I have to suppress a baffled smile as I click through the photos.

"I think you broke him, Kelly," Kassie says, not holding her own glee back.

"Well. They say the best revenge is living well," I say, gesturing around my gorgeous suite. "Not that part of me doesn't love seeing him off the rails, the jerk."

"You dodged a bullet there," Kassie agrees, "What the hell were you doing with a guy like him in the first place, Kel?"

"He seemed safe," I shrug, "Stable."

"He was an actor," she reminds me.

"Yeah, but an obsessively well-kept one," I reply, "The man's planner had a planner."

"Sounds pretty boring to me," Kassie says.

"Oh, it was," I say, "But I guess after Sam..."

"Ah," she nods, pouring herself a cup of coffee, "You went in the completely opposite direction. I get it."

"I had a big old crush on that guy," I say, smiling sadly, "I was so ready to see where we would end up. I thought he might finally give me the life I might have had-"

"I didn't know how much you cared for him," Kassie says, laying a comforting hand on my back, "I'm sorry, Kelly. The club's been going through its own mourning, but I haven't been helping you through it at all."

"No, it's OK," I tell her, "I didn't really know Sam that well. To be honest, I was probably just pinning a lot of hopes on him. I'm sure I would have ruined that relationship too, if I got the chance."

"Hey, you didn't ruin anything with this asshole," Kassie says, nodding toward Bryan's boozy picture on the screen, "He tanked that ship himself. He clearly didn't respect you, or know how to be in a relationship for that matter."

"Whatever you say," I sigh, "He was still the most stable boyfriend I ever had. I'm not much of a monogamist, remember."

"Not yet," Kassie says, "But I bet when you meet the right guy, all of that will change."

"Like it did for you?" I ask.

"Like it did for me," she smiles, "Declan took me by surprise. I never thought I'd be into the bad boy biker thing, but here we are. Maybe someone will come along that you never suspected. Someone unlike any type you've come across."

Leo's imposing figure and dangerous eyes pop back into my mind. If only Kassie knew how surprised I've already been by my attraction to that terrifying man. Since the Wraiths descended on the Forty-Five Club last week, he's all I've been able to think about. I've fallen asleep each and every night with those golden eyes lighting up my dreams. I've made myself come to fantasies of us more times than I thought humanly possible in the course of a week. And I'm no stranger to a little self-love, either.

He has a hold on me, this Leo. But is it him I really want, or just another chance at finding an MC to call home? Is that lost little girl I once was still inside of me, desperate to be taken in by someone at last? I shake the thought out of my mind. It's too painful to consider.

"Enough about my pathetic excuse for a love life. What's on the docket for today, Boss?" I ask Kassie.

"I want to push through the last couple of design quirks before the day is out and then start A/B testing," she replies, swinging into business mode, "We'll work hard all day, then head over to club to blow off some steam. I know the guys won't be around this time. They're on some charity run or something, won't be back for a bit. It'll be just us girls tonight."

"You sure the others won't mind if I come?" I ask, "I don't think your three little sweet butts like me too much."

"They're just threatened," Kassie shrugs, "They did the same thing to me when I showed up. But if you're going to stick around, and you're serious about getting into the Dante's Nine circle, you have to show them that you're not going to back down."

I think about the men of Dante's Nine. When Sam was still around, the idea of hanging around as a mama was more than a little appealing. As long as he'd claim me for his own eventually, that is. But with Declan spoken for, I'm not sure there's anyone that I'd really want to stick with for the long game. Ollie's alright, and cute as hell, but a little manic. Not quite my type. Kip and Chuck are twisted and grizzly, lovable but not very fuckable. Teddy and Frank may not actually know more than ten words between them. John Baxter has a long-time civilian wife, as does Saul. And the new prospect Tot creeps me out a little bit with those pretty features of his. I'm not sure that there's a man for me within the Nine. But I don't want to tell that to Kassie. She might think my eyes, and loyalty, are wandering.

And I'm terrified that she may be right.

As we walk up the Forty-Five Club just after ten o'clock that night, a wave of apprehension surprises me. What do I have to be nervous about? I'm decked out in black skinny jeans and a thin white tank, my eyes lined with perfect smoky precision. Am I really that nervous about being accepted by the women here? I don't think so, but my gut tells a different story. And my gut is rarely wrong.

"What is it?" Kassie asks, as I look back over my shoulder, scanning the long deserted road we traversed to get here.

"Nothing," I say slowly, "Something just feels a little off."

"What kind of 'off'?" she asks.

"It's probably nothing," I reply, "Just the jitters, maybe."

"You don't have to be nervous here," Kassie says, taking my hand, "This place can be your home, if you'll have it. Don't let the girls bother you, they're all talk. And besides, I think Dani has a crush on you."

"Really?" I laugh. "So if none of the available brothers suit my fancy, maybe I could go a whole other route to feeling at home around here." Kassie shoots me a sideways glance. "Kidding of course!"

We make our way into the clubhouse and encounter the familiar sight of Sherry, Courtney, and Wendy hanging around their end of the bar while Dani furnishes them with drinks. I spot Wendy rolling her eyes as she sees me, but I can't really give a damn about that when Dani shoots me a wide, happy smile. It's just the six of us here tonight, no men to keep watch over us. Usually, that would seem like the recipe for an awesome evening. But for some reason, it makes me more nervous than it might.

"Maybe we should lock the door or something?" I whisper to Kassie.

"What?" she says, "Why?"

"If it's just us here, you know..."

"Kelly, nothing's going to happen to us," Kassie says, tugging me over to the bar, "Come on. You seriously need a drink."

I swallow my protestations. Kassie is still more naive than she'd like to admit. Up until a year ago, she was just a rich girl from Connecticut with no street smarts to speak of. I can tell she's learned a lot since coming to Vegas, but she didn't grow up in a neighborhood like mine. There's no such thing as being "safe" when the club you follow has a score to settle.

"Drink up," Dani winks, handing me a double shot of whiskey, "Looks like you need it."

"We've just been working hard," I tell her, slugging back the smoky booze.

"Look at you go!" Sherry exclaims, "Keep up like that, maybe you can knock the new prospect out of the running for getting patched. I bet you're more of a man than he is."

"I have no idea if that's supposed to be a compliment," I say, "But...thanks. I guess."

I relax a little as the liquor hits my system. The time passes, more shots are poured, it's business as usual. The other women fall to chatting about club matters; which girl is after which brother, how the guys stack up against each other, all that stuff. I can't kick in much intel, but I'm happy to have their words distract me from my lingering unease.

I pull myself up off my barstool and head over to the dusty juke box. My feet drag strangely as I make my way across the bar. The corners of my vision are blurry, and the lights in the bar sport hazy halos. That whiskey went to my head faster than I thought. Am I becoming a light weight in my old age? Reaching the ancient machine, I peer down at the albums and songs, the titles blurring together.

"Jesus, Dani," I mutter, "How much whiskey...did you just feed me?"

"Just...a lil'..." I hear her voice slur.

I look back toward the bar, surprised to hear her sounding so sloshed. My vision swims as I look at the other women, and I have to steady myself against the juke box just to stay standing. Dani holds herself up on the bar, her head nodding. The three sweet butts have fallen into heavy silence, and Kassie teeters on her stool. We haven't even been here an hour. How are we all this far gone?

My legs turn to jelly beneath me, and I slide down onto the floor. It's a struggle to form any words at all, let alone coherent thoughts. But I have to try.

"Dani..." I murmur, "Was that a...new bottle...of whiskey...?"

"Hmm?" she replies, her eyes fluttering closed.

"Was the bottle...already open...?" I insist, straining for clarity, "Could someone...have messed with...?"

"Oh shit..." she says, her eyes popping open in alarm, "Oh shit...Kassie?"

Kassie is sprawled across the bar, unconscious by the looks of it. Panic starts to pulse through my blood as I realize just how dire this situation has become. We're not just drunk, the six of us. There was something slipped into that bottle of whiskey, I'm sure of it. I've heard enough stories about date rape to know a thing or two about the drugs that enable it. But who would want to set us up like this? Here we are, a bar full of incapacitated women, unguarded...this is not good.

"I'm gonna lock...I'm gonna..." I slur, crawling toward the front door, "We...have to be...safe..."

Every inch is a struggle as I fight like hell to make it across the bar. My heart thumps desperately as every cell in my body battles to stay alert. I reach out my hand to bolt the door, my arm feeling heavy as lead. But before I can lock us in, the front door clatters open, pinning me back against the wall. I'm hidden there, behind the door, as three burly forms saunter over the threshold. A strangled scream rises up from Dani's loose lips, and the mamas tumble off their stools, clamoring as best they can to get behind the bar. They move slowly, as if the air had turned to molasses. Raucous laughter rings out as the three masked men stroll through the bar. They're massive, these intruders, unearthly and terrifying in their size.

"Lookit these drunk bitches," one drawls in a heavy southern accent, "Ripe for the pickin', each'n every one-"

"That's not what we're here for," snaps another man, his voice vicious and even, "We have a job to do, Buck, so let's do it right. Is that her, right there?"

I watch through the crack in the door as he nods toward the unconscious Kassie. My heart clenches tightly in my chest. What are they going to do to her? What is this?

"That's the one!" hoots the southerner, "Shit, she's skinny as hell. Coulda taken care of this'n myself. Wouldn't need yer help, Dewey."

"Think we could have trusted you to walk in here and not force yourself on every single one of these bitches before doing your job?" says the second, rabid man. "These are Dante's Nine property. Not ours. We're just going to...borrow one."

"No," I whisper, as the men called Buck and Dewey scoop Kassie up into their arms. Her body hangs limply between them as the third man looks on.

"Be careful," he says, his voice raspy and rich, "She's Declan's, after all. Don't want to bruise his precious little peach."

"Not even a little?" pouts Buck.

"Get a hold of yourself," snaps the third giant, surveying the room. His eyes alight on Dani, who's struggling to stay upright.

"What's your name?" he demands, grabbing her face in his hand.

"I'm...Dani..." she says through gritted teeth.

"Well, Dani, when your men get back from their little errands, you tell them that the Wraiths do not appreciate being crossed. We told them a week ago to quit gossiping like little girls, and they chose not to listen. They've taken our reputation hostage with their bullshit rumors, so we're going to take a hostage of our own. Declan will get his old lady back when we get our good name back from the likes of the Nine."

"You can't...hurt her..." Dani pleads.

The man roughly releases her, his body rippling with fury.

"I can do whatever I fucking please," he spits, "But for Tiberi's peace of mind, you can say that we won't touch her. But who knows? Maybe we'll be lying, just like Dante's fucking Nine. We'll just have to see."

And with that, the three men sweep out of the bar. My eyes are glued to them through the crack in the door as they go. They carry Kassie away as I look on helplessly, searching the biggest man's face for a sign of empathy. But as I study him through my drugged stupor, the only thing I can make out through his black mask is a flash of gold. His blazing eyes are the same ones that have been starring in my dreams all week.

Leo's taken Kassie. The Devil's Wraiths have stolen her as leverage. This utterly unthinkable knowledge slams into my incapacitated brain and finally breaks me. I slip into unconsciousness, falling against the hardwood floor. The Forty-Five Club goes black around me, and I'm out at last. I can only pray that I'll wake once more to find that this has all been a horrific dream.

But who am I kidding? That would be too much good fortune to ever expect from this bitch of a world we live in.

Chapter Five

Strong hands shake my shoulders, roughly and desperately. For a moment, all I can register is discomfort, and a vague sense of panic. I swim up from my deep, thick slumber, my head pounding riotously. My mouth and lips are dry as I try to speak, struggle to force out the words "stop," or "lay off". Dim red light fills my awareness, and I manage to pry my eyes open at last. The shaking stops as I blink up into the bright world. The first thing I see is a pair of bright, penetrating blue eyes, absolutely alight with fury.

"Where the fuck is she?" growl the lips beneath the eyes.

My mouth flaps wordlessly, and I'm shaken once more by unseen hands, my sore, pounding brain rattling against my skull.

"What the bloody fuck happened here?" the voice urges again, "Kelly! Talk to me, goddamn you." I recall that I know this person who's taken to manhandling me.

"Declan..." I murmur.

"They've been drugged," I hear another gravelly voice say, "All of them. Someone must have broken in and tampered with some of the booze. Snuck some kind of roofies in, by the look of it."

The world around me starts to swim back into focus at last. Declan Tiberi is crouched over me, his face a mask of cold anger. The men of Dante's Nine rove about the Forty-Five Club, taking stock of the situation. I watch as Saul picks Dani up off the floor behind the bar. Sherry, Wendy, and Courtney are helped to their feet, shaking their heads as if they could dislodge the lingering effects of the drugs that way. The events of the evening are coming back to me in fits and starts.

"They took her," I finally manage to say, as Declan yanks me to my feet, "They...they took Kassie."

"Who?" he demands, holding me by the shoulders. If not for his iron grip, my shaky knees probably wouldn't be able to support my scant weight. "Who took her, Kelly? Answer me, for fuck's sake!"

"I don't know," I whisper, fear beginning to spark along my nerves.

"Fucking useless," Declan mutters, leaving me to prop myself up against the wall.

"She's probably in shock, Dec," the tribal-tattooed Ollie says, rushing over to lend me a hand, "Just take it easy."

"My old lady is missing!" Declan roars, "Fuck taking it easy. We need to take action. We need to assess the situation and strike back. What's our plan-?"

"There were three of them," Dani mutters, sinking onto a barstool with Saul's help, "Big guys. They wore masks."

"Did they hurt you?" Kip asks, eyeing the three sweet butts for signs of rough play.

"Nah," Wendy drawls, "One of 'em wanted to, but no one laid a finger on any of us."

"Except for Kassie," Courtney puts in, "They just picked her up and carried her away like it was nothing."

Declan slams his fist down on the bar. I wince at the sound, at the strength of his fury. I've never seen him like this. I truly believe that he could be capable of anything in this state.

"I need fucking information," he says through clenched teeth, "Come on, now. One of you must have been paying attention. What do you remember? What did you see?"

"One of them was called Buck," I recall, "Another one was Dewey. At least, that's what they were calling each other."

Cold silence fills the bar as each and every one of the Nine bristles furiously. I seem to have hit on something they can actually use.

"Buck," Declan growls, "Did he have an accent?"

"Southern," I say, leaning into Ollie's side.

"And Dewey. He seem like an uptight sociopath?" Chuck asks.

"Pretty much, yeah," I say.

"It was the Wraiths," Dani whispers, "They told me to tell you as much, Dec. They want you to know it's them behind this."

"Who was the third man?" Declan asks her.

"I'm pretty sure it was Leo," Dani says, her voice pained.

"It was," I say.

"How do you know for sure?" Ollie asks.

I remember spotting the flash of Leo's golden eyes. But I can't very well tell the truth-that I'd know those eyes anywhere.

"I could see around the door. I got hidden behind it when they came in, but I got a look all the same," I tell the Nine, "I, uh, recognized Leo from the other night. His build."

"Why'd they wear masks, though?" Teddy wonders in his deep voice.

"Doesn't make any sense," Franks adds.

"The masks weren't for our benefit," John Baxter finally speaks, "Those were just for our security cameras, I'm sure. And for any other civilian surveillance they might have encountered along the way. We can't go to the police without hard proof, and they know it. Not that we'd ever do that-"

"What do you mean?" I ask, "We have to go to the police."

"For fuck's sake," Chuck says, rolling his eyes.

"Well, what's your plan?" I shoot back, "Gonna go after her, guns blazing?"

"Did they say anything else to you?" Declan asks Dani, ignoring me completely. A burst of outrage tugs at my nerves at his disregard. Of course no one wants to listen to the yuppie Berkeley princess. If only they knew...

"Leo said that the Nine have tanked the Wraiths' reputation," Dani replies, "When their good name is restored, they'll give Kassie back to us. They promised they wouldn't hurt her, Dec. Leo said-"

"Fuck whatever Leo has to say," Declan roars, "That son of a bitch was my friend. I can't believe they'd sink this low. We didn't do a goddamn thing to hurt them."

"They've lost it," Kip says, "I don't know where they're getting this bullshit about us ruining their reputation. All we did we ask around about Sam. He was with two of the Wraiths when he died. We were well within our rights to follow up. They just want someone to blame their busted business deals on, and we get to be the scapegoats. It's horse shit."

"We know we're in the right, but it seems like they don't agree with us, there," John says, "Whether or not we did anything wrong, Mac and the Wraiths feel wronged by us. And as long as that's the case, there's not much we can do to persuade them otherwise."

"So what do we do?" Ollie asks.

"We have to wait them out," John replies.

"Like hell!" Declan exclaims, "They've got Kassie!"

"We can't go after her," John says, "If we stole her back that would just piss the Wraiths off even more. Not that I'm convinced we'd even be able to. Their MC is far bigger than ours, and far less...morally sound."

"So you just want to abandon her to them?" Dec seethes, "Just leave Kassie to fend for herself against those animals? You know what those guys are like, John."

"I believe them when they say they won't hurt her," John insists, "They're just trying to prove a point. The only thing that the Wraiths love is their power and standing in the outlaw world. It's as important to them as Kassie is to you. All we can do is figure out where this rift between us is coming from and patch it up as best we can."

"Can't fix an imaginary break," Declan spits.

"There has to be something else we can do," Dani pleads, "Until we figure out how to fix things with the Wraiths, I mean. Kassie's tough, she'll be able to get through this. They're not going to mess with a man's old lady, even if she's from another MC. But we need some way to understand what it is that the Wraiths really want, what they're thinking, what they plan to do with her. We need someone on the inside."

"We don't have any connections inside that MC," Dec says with finality, "We've never needed an inside man because they've always been straight with us. There's no way we can get word from the inside about what they're up to."

"Actually..." I say softly.

"What's that?" John asks, looking my way.

"Speak up," Ollie urges me.

"Actually..." I repeat, "You do have a connection inside the Devil's Wraiths. Or at least, one end of a connection..."

"What are you talking about?" Declan snaps, "Who?"

"Me," I tell him.

The Nine brothers and four women stare at me in baffled silence as my statement sinks in. For a long moment, it seems that no one can figure out what to say. I can almost hear the gears of their brains spinning, trying to understand this new chunk of information. I have to say, I'm a little pleased to have shocked them. It's nice to get something besides disdain from these people.

"You," Declan says, jabbing a finger at me, "Back room. Now."

The Nine file off into the depths of the Forty-Five Club. They're off to "church", as they say-off to convene and figure out their next move. And it would seem that they want me to come along with them.

"Come on," Ollie says, tugging me by the arm, "Guess you're going to the chapel with us tonight, babe."

I stare wildly at Dani as I'm led across the bar. She nods her encouragement, looking at me with a certain sense of wonder. Even the three sweet butts examine me with more interested curiosity than disdain. I'm sure everyone's wondering how a prissy LA princess could be their in to the Wraiths. I just hope I didn't get myself in over my head by saying anything at all. What if the Nine decide I'm too dangerous to keep around? What do they want with me?

Ollie leads me down a short, dimly lit hallway and through a set of heavy wooden doors. My eyes are wide as I look all around the secret, sacred room. A long wooden table stretches the length of the secluded chamber. Nine chairs flank the central tablet, which sports the Dante's Nine sigil. The pair of dice rolling a four and five are carved into the center of the table. The brothers sink into their chairs, each gravitating to his own place. Only I am left standing as the doors swing shut behind us. Alone with the men of Dante's Nine, I hold my head up high. I may be frightened, but I'm not about to let them know that.

"Now," John Baxter says from his place at the head of the table, "What's this about you having access to the Wraiths?"

"It's a long story," I begin.

"Make it short," Declan quips.

"Fine," I shoot back, pissed at his dismissive tone, "The long and short of it is...I have a cousin who's a patched member of the Wraiths' SoCal chapter. He became a prospect when I was still in high school, and I got to know a few of his brothers."

"How well did you get to know them?" Kip asks.

"Not very," I shrug, "Some of the younger Wraiths would hang out at our parties. My older sisters were very into the biker boy thing."

"But not you?" Declan challenges.

I draw myself up and level my gaze against him. It's clear that Declan's angry with me for being here in his boys' club, but he has no right to be so disrespectful. I'm here to help get Kassie back, after all.

"I was intrigued too, yes," I allow, "I didn't have a very stable home life. Dad hit the road when I was tiny, Mom worked all the time. The family aspect of the MC was really appealing."

"Ever act on that curiosity of yours?" John asks.

"No," I say honestly, omitting the fact that I came extremely close to doing so. "No, I never even made it to the clubhouse. I went off to college and that was that. Haven't even seen my cousin since then."

"Why not?" Chuck asks, "You got beef with him or something?"

"Just grew apart," I say, wincing inwardly at my white lie.

The brothers trade glances, weighing my statements. Their unspoken communication makes me nervous. Declan crosses his thick arms and raises an eyebrow at me. Even though I'm still feeling woozy from the roofies, I refuse to waver under his gaze. I don't know what I've done to piss this guy off, but do know that I'm sick of his attitude.

"So," he says snidely, "You have a cousin in a different chapter of the Wraiths who hasn't heard from you in years. How, exactly, is this supposed to help us get Kassie back?"

"I never claimed to know that," I reply, "You're some kind of strategic mastermind, right? You figure the rest of it out."

"Don't get cheeky," Declan warns me, "I, for one, would like to know why you didn't tell us about this little connection of yours sooner. That's the kind of thing one ought to be transparent about, Kelly."

"When would I have had the chance to bring it up?" I ask, "I've only been back in town for a couple of weeks, and it's not as though I'm in your inner circle, here."

"No. That's for sure," Declan scoffs.

"Look. You can figure out a way to use my in or not," I say, "But I suggest you think on it quick so we can make with the rescuing, yeah?"

"She's feisty," John says, a corner of his mouth lifting in a smile.

"She's a pain in my ass," Declan mutters.

"What the hell is your problem, Declan?" I snap, before I can help myself, "I'm here trying to give you guys a hand in getting Kassie back, and you're-"

"You should have stopped them from taking her in the first place!" Declaim exclaims, his fists balled on the table. "What kind of friend are you, just letting her get carried off like that? You were too busy hiding to stop them from-"

"Maybe you should have been around to protect your old lady," I shoot back.

"Whoa-" Chuck says, grabbing onto Declan's arm as he leaps up out of his seat, "Easy there, Dec."

"We're all responsible for Kassie being taken," John says, shooting Declan a look, "Assigning blame to one person isn't going to help get her back. We need to work with the situation at hand."

And the very end of the table, the prospect Tot raises his hand like a schoolboy. I've never actually heard him speak before. His voice is high pitched, a little eerie.

"Why can't we just...you know...storm their castle?" he asks.

Despite the gravity of the situation, the men around the table can't help but laugh at his naivete. The prospect's ears burn red as their raucous laughter rains down on him.

"It's a good thing you're book smart," Declan says, "Cause you've got no clue about the real world."

"Do you know anything about the Devil's Wraiths, Tot?" Kip asks.

"They're ruthless," Ollie says.

"Barbaric," Teddy puts in.

"Fucking scary as hell," Frank grumbles.

"The last thing we want to do is go swatting at their hive with a baseball bat," John says, "If we do, we're done for as an MC. Period. We've always been on good terms with the Wraiths, let them expand their territory while holding onto our little plot of land. We just need to figure out how to restore the peace."

"But how do we do that?" Tot asks.

John swings his gaze back to me. "I have a feeling that we can find a way to use of Kelly's connection, if we put our minds to it."

"Whatever you need me to do, consider it done," I tell him, "Kassie's my best friend. I love her more than anyone in the world. I want to help you get her back."

"That's good," John nods. "Tell me, Kelly, what kind of skills do you have? What do you do professionally?"

"I work with Kassie. We were in the same computer science program at Berkeley," I tell him, "Coding, programming, that sort of thing."

"Would your cousin be suspicious, if he heard from you?" John goes on.

"I don't think so," I say, "There's no bad blood between us."

"He still a Wraith?"

"As far as I know," I say.

"Does he know that you work with Kassie? Did any of the Wraiths see you tonight?" John pelts me with questions.

"No, I just started helping Kass with the site. And no-I was hidden behind the door," I say, "Where are you going with all of this, John?"

"Leave him alone. He's on a roll," Kip tells me.

"You'd really do anything to help Kassie?" John asks me, "Even if it put you right in harm's way?"

"Yes," I say, without skipping a beat, "Anything."

"Okay then," John says, whistling out a long breath. "Here's what we're going to do, men. Kelly is going to get in touch with her cousin. Tell him that she's lost her way in life. Just got out a bad relationship or something."

"That's actually true," I cut in, "But why-?"

"She's going to ask this cousin to put in a good word for her with the Las Vegas chapter of the Wraiths," John presses on, "Say that she just wants to be around an MC again, spend some time living the wild life she missed out on as a kid."

I feel myself blushing, and avert my eyes from John's. I wonder if he knows how true all of this actually is. Could he have guessed?

"Kelly's going to take that pretty little butt of hers to the Wraiths and hand it over," John goes on, "She's going to become an honest-to-god sweet butt for them."

"What?!" I exclaim, "You want me to just...just-"

"Yes," John cuts me off, "Work your way into their good graces. Do whatever you have to do to win one of them over. Get yourself all set as someone's favorite piece of ass. And while you're there, find Kassie. Make sure they're being good to her. And just as importantly, hack into whatever you have to and figure out what their exact beef with us is. Who's feeding them this shit about us crossing them. You have to get inside their hive mind, find out what we have to do to set things straight between us. And you have to be discreet about it."

"That's...a lot to ask of one person," I say.

"Damn right it is," he nods, "But I can tell that you're the sort of person who doesn't back down from a challenge. So, what do you say, Kelly? Are you going to live up to your word or not?"

"Let me see if I understand you," I say, looking around at the assembled men, "You want me to throw myself at a group of ruthless outlaws, knowing full well that they'll likely to use me as a sex toy, so that I can risk my neck to hack into their computers and maybe gather you some intel along the way?"

"And make sure that Kassie is safe," John adds.

"Anything else?" I drawl, "Want me to sell any of my organs? Assassinate any political figures? Seduce any foreign dictators?"

"If you're not up to the task-" Declan begins.

"Of course I'm up for it," I snap, cutting him off, "Someone has to help Kassie. It should be me."

"So you're in?" John asks.

"I'm in," I tell him, "Heaven help me."

Chapter Six

The Nine send word to the Wraiths that there will be no retaliation for Kassie's abduction. They want to mend things between the clubs, after all, not further strain the relationship. Tot carries the message over to the Wraiths himself which is probably for the best. Declan couldn't be trusted not to snap. The now-rival MC has to believe that Declan trusts them to take care of Kassie, whether or not that's true. And of course, the Wraiths can't have any idea that I'm about to come sneaking into their circle. If Matthew can help me out, that is.

Declan begrudgingly gives me a ride back to our building after the meeting is adjourned. As we tear ass back toward Vegas, I'm halfway convinced that he's going to toss me off the back of his bike. His entire body is pulsing with rage at not being able to help Kassie. I can feel it as I cling to him, fighting to keep my seat on the Harley.

By the time we finally get home, I can't wait to slip away from Declan. But he snaps at me the second I break for my own suite.

"Come with me," he commands, wrenching open the door marked "A".

I set my jaw and follow him into the suite he shares with Kassie. Hasn't he harassed me enough for one day?

The cavernous space feels so empty without the sound of her voice. The adrenaline starts to ebb from my system, leaving heartache and worry in its wake. Is she safe right now, wherever she is? Can the Wraiths really be trusted to leave her alone? Declan seems to be wondering the same things, as he crosses directly to the liquor cabinet.

"Scotch or vodka?" he asks.

"Both, I think," I tell him, standing awkwardly in the middle of the floor.

"I know I'm being hard on you," Declan says, pouring me a double vodka on the rocks, "This is just a terrible time for the club. Your arrival was not...well timed."

"It seemed like Kassie needed the company," I say, accepting the icy drink.

"That's why I let your visit continue," he says, "But now you can see why I didn't want another innocent hanging around, getting in the way."

"Well, I won't be much of an innocent for long," I quip, "Not considering what you'd all have me do with the Wraiths."

"You backing out?" Declan asks.

"Not a chance," I tell him, swigging my vodka.

I'm terrified to be a part of this plan. Absolutely scared shitless to have so much hinging on my success. But as nervous as I am about infiltrating the Wraiths...part of me is deliriously excited. This is what I've been hoping for, after all, a chance to see what MC life is really like. And it doesn't hurt that there's one Wraith in particular that I'd like to know a little better. I wonder if I can catch Leo's eye? If he were to claim me-

"How serious were you about getting in with the Wraiths, when you were younger?" Declan asks, walking over to the wall of windows.

"Not very," I lie through my teeth, "It was really just a fantasy."

"So we're not going to have to worry about your loyalty at all?" Declan presses, turning away from me to look out over the strip.

"My only loyalty is to Kassie," I tell him. And that, at least, is the truth.

"I wish I knew she was OK," he says quietly, "She must be so scared."

"She's tough as nails," I say, "And she knows how important it is that the Wraiths keep her safe. She's no groupie, after all. She's your old lady. Right?"

"Right," Declan says.

"We're going to get her back," I say, joining him at the window, "You know that, right?"

"If only I could go after her myself..." Declan says, shaking his head, "I have full faith in my own abilities."

"But not mine?" I ask.

"I barely know you," Declan shrugs, "How do I know if you can be trusted with something this important?"

"I'm Kassie's best friend," I lay it out for him, "She's chosen me with her every confidence and secret. She's taken me on as a business partner. She's let me know the most intimate, painful details of her past. She chose me just like she chose you. That means she thinks just as highly of both of us. You trust her judgment when it comes to you, so trust her taste in friends too."

He turns to look at me long and hard. Those blue eyes of his could melt steel, I'm sure. I get what Kassie sees in him, but he's far too complicated for my taste. Too full of melancholy and conflicted emotions. Give me a man who knows where he stands and doesn't regret a thing. That's what I want.

"I have to trust you," Declan finally concludes, "You're our best shot at making this right. If I may quote you, heaven help us indeed."

If there's one thing Declan and I can agree on now, it's that there's no time to waste. The very night that Kassie is abducted, we set our risky plan into motion. We don't have the luxury of pressure-testing our plot, we simply have to act. At least we have the strength of Dante's Nine behind us. Right now, that's all the comfort that I'm going to find in this chaos.

After years of silence, I bite the bullet and send Matthew a short email, asking if we can meet. I tell him that I've gone through a terrible breakup, that I need his guidance. Hey, as long as I can keep a tiny bit of truth in my lies going forward, I think I'll be able to pull this off. I'm surprised by how quickly my cousin responds. He agrees to meet me tomorrow at a greasy spoon by the Nevada border that Declan recommends. I guess it's somewhere he stops a lot, traveling between California and Nevada.

Almost simultaneously, Declan secures me a new, far less showy apartment here in Vegas. It's a simple studio, nothing fancy. We move my few things over there, leaving no trace of me behind in Kassie's elegant home. Can't be roommates with Declan Tiberi while I try to seduce the entire Devil's Wraiths MC, can I?

"This is really happening," I mutter, just before daybreak. I look around my modest one room, amazed by how quickly everything is moving.

"No going back now," Declan says, turning to leave me alone in my new place for one last moment of peace. "Get some sleep. You gotta make a good impression on those monsters, after all."

I laugh hollowly as he marches out the door. As if I could sleep now. The sun rises over Las Vegas as I look out through my smudged window at the strip below. Groggy, stumbling people emerge from the clubs and casinos, their buzzes and highs finally starting to fade in the harsh light of day. For them, the adventures of last night are winding down. But for me, the real ride is just beginning.

Chapter Seven

"What can I get for you?" asks the diner waitress, yanking me out of my nervous thoughts. I look up at the plump woman, noting the name tag she gamely sports.

"Just coffee. Black," I tell her, "Thank you, Mae."

"Never seen you around here," she notes, cocking her head to the side, "Road tripping all alone? Not the smartest way to go, for a tiny thing like you."

"Just meeting someone," I tell her, leaning back against the torn vinyl booth, "An old friend. Or something."

"Old friends get to be old friends for a reason," she sighs, propelling herself toward the coffee urn, "You remember that, now."

Declan told me that Mae had a penchant for casual wisdom. He knows this little diner well. I halfway suspect that he arranged for my meeting with Matthew to be here so Mae could keep an eye on me. Something tells me that, were shit to go down, this unassuming waitress could kick some serious ass. Of course, that may be wishful thinking on my part. I'm not convinced that Declan gives a fuck what happens to me, in the end. He only cares I do my part to get Kassie back. If I get hurt in the process, I'm guessing the Nine will just see it as so much collateral damage.

"Black coffee," Mae says, pouring me a steaming mug, "Though I'd recommend something a bit more substantial. Put some meat on those bird bones of yours."

"Don't have much of an appetite today," I tell her.

The rickety aluminum door of the diner swings open. A tall, skinny man I'd recognize anywhere crosses the threshold. There's only one other patron here with me, an ancient gentleman nursing some pecan pie at the bar. So when the thin, lanky newcomer steps over the threshold, his eyes find me immediately. I raise my hand in a meager wave, watching recognition soften his features. His green eyes-a family trait we share-are hard, but tinted now with sympathy. That's good. I can work with sympathy.

"Matthew," I say, standing up as he approaches, "It's...good to see you."

"You too, kid," he replies. His voice has been deepened and dredged by countless packs of cigarettes. I can smell the acrid evidence of his habit as he pulls me into a tight hug. My cheek presses against the cool leather of his Devil's Wraiths cut. He's a fully patched member, now. When we last saw each other, almost ten years ago, he'd barely made it through his year as a scrappy prospect. But a lot can change in a decade. Don't I know it.

"Look at you," I say, pulling away from our embrace, "You sure did grow up."

"Look who's talking," he says, as we slide back into the booth, "I can't believe that you're my knobby-kneed little cousin. Or were. You sure you're not trying to pull a fast one on me, kid?"

I laugh lightly, heart racing. If only he knew.

"How are you holding up?" he asks, pulling the ashtray toward him and lighting up a smoke. "Sorry about your man troubles."

"I'm less troubled now that he's out of my life," I shrug. "At least I wiggled free before we were hitched. Or knocked up."

"Fucking right," Matthew says, "Honestly, Kelly, I'm sort of happy that this happened to you now."

"Gee. Thanks," I say, as Mae plunks a coffee down in front of Matthew. She shoots him the stink eye before bustling back toward the counter. Maybe she's something of a roadside guardian angel after all.

"I mean, because now you can start being true to yourself," he says, leaning his bony elbows on the table, "You were never meant to be a fancy LA bitch, Kelly. You've always been a simple girl, at heart."

I bristle at his judgment. I've done so much to improve myself, accomplished so many things since the last time I saw Matthew. But it's like none of that counts now. I have to swallow my pride, knowing that I'm more than a "simple girl". Delving into the MC life doesn't mean I have to sacrifice my intelligence and drive. But I don't want to fight him on this now. Not while I desperately need his help.

"I've always wondered what would have happened, if I'd let you set me up with the Wraiths back in the day," I say carefully, "Thank you for helping me out now, Matthew. I hope that you didn't catch too much shit when I bailed on our plan all those years ago."

"The club was disappointed not to snag you," he says, "But I was more upset about losing you to some bullshit college. I was afraid it would change you."

"Do I seem changed?" I ask.

"On the outside," he replies, "But I can tell that my Kelly is still in there."

"I'm ready this time," I tell him, "I want to be part of the life."

"So you said," he smiles, "I was really happy to get your email."

"Do you think you can really put in a good word for me with the Vegas chapter?" I ask, clasping my hands tightly under the table.

"Sure," Matthew says, "Just not exactly in the way you asked me to..."

"What do you mean?" I ask, "You were going to hook me up when I was a kid-"

"Right. But that was different," Matthew says, "What are you now, twenty-six?"

"And a half," I say crossing my arms, "What, am I too told to be a sweet butt now?"

"Not necessarily," Matthew says, "But you're not a teenage runaway anymore. You're an educated, grown woman. The Wraiths aren't just going to take you in like they would have ten years ago. You have to prove to them that you're useful. And, more importantly, trustworthy."

"I was under the impression that there was only one use for women in a club," I say pointedly, raising an eyebrow.

"That's not true," Matthew says sharply, "You of all people should know that. That's just the image we get. There are ways to be a respectable woman, living the life. And you just showing up and spreading your legs isn't one of them."

I bite my lip, trying to stay ahead of this unravelling conversation. I have clear orders from the Nine, but Matthew has other ideas. I need to keep this scheme on track, even if it takes a little improvising.

"What do I do, then?" I ask, "Can you still help me?"

"Oh, sure," Matthew says, "I'll still get you in with the Wraiths. You do all sorts of technology shit, right?"

"That's right."

"Great," he says, "That's how I'll pitch you to them. None of these guys know shit about computers or whatever. You'll be plenty useful."

"Let me see if I understand you," I cut in, "You're going to set me up to be...the Devil's Wraiths in-house IT girl?"

"Pretty much," Matthew says, "It's the best I can do."

"Christ," I mutter, "I thought having a good pair of legs would do the trick."

"I'm sure you'll still get all the biker action you want," Matthew laughs, "This is just a more roundabout way of doing things. God knows, the Vegas brothers aren't the type to ignore a hot chick just because she's in front a computer screen. If you're looking to get snatched up as an old lady or something, it'll happen for you."

"I'll take your word for it," I say, draining the last of my coffee. "So, how long do you think it'll take for you to set things up? A week or so?"

"A week?" he laughs, "Fuck no. We're heading over now."

"I'm sorry?!" I exclaim, gripping the edge of the table.

"I'll drive you over to their clubhouse now. Introduce you. Why wait?"

"I...Um..." I stammer. I thought I'd have more time to prepare. But I guess that jumping right into the deep end is a good way to learn how swim. Or drown.

"You guys need anything else?" Mae asks, eyeing Matthew suspiciously.

"We were just about to get going," my cousin says, "Just gotta take a leak first."

He pulls himself out of the booth as Mae leans in close to me.

"You need help?" she asks.

"I'm way beyond that now," I sigh, pulling out my cell phone.

Mae walks off, shaking her head sadly, as I send a text Declan's way:

It's on. He's taking me to the Wraiths right now.

Declan must be glued to his cell, because his answer is immediate.

Go. You know what you have to do.

I shove my phone out of sight as Matthew returns, slapping a couple of bucks down on the table.

"Ready?" he asks.

"As ready as I'll ever be," I tell him, rising on unsteady feet, "Let's go."

Chapter Eight

It's been ages since I've ridden on the back of a motorcycle. I almost forgot just how intense it is, straddling that much power. Matthew's Harley vibrates like crazy beneath us as we soar along, racing up into the Las Vegas hills. The Wraiths' clubhouse is further away from the strip than the Forty-Five Club. That makes sense. From what I gather, their ways of making money and having fun are far less socially sanctioned than the stuff Dante's Nine gets up to. The Wraiths are real, honest-to-god outlaws. And I'm about to get dropped right smack in the middle of their world.

As we ascend into the rolling hills, my thoughts begin to race ten times faster than Matthew's Harley. Am I really up to this? Will they see right through me? What if I can't find Kassie, and everything goes to shit? But the time for asking questions is over, it seems. Matthew turns off down a dusty trail-off the beaten path, indeed. As we trundle along over the uneven road, a battered wooden sign rises up on our right.

Emblazoned on the slab of wood is the haunting image of The Devil's Wraiths sigil. The wraith herself reaches her skeletal hand out toward us. She welcomes us, beckons us forward, as dangerously appealing as ever. As we pass her by, I know that I'm in her domain now. For better or worse.

Finally, we come up on our destination. But this right here is no Forty-Five Club. The Wraiths' home base is a veritable compound. There are at least ten structures scattered about the land, and a dozen Harley's parked around the complex. Men lumber about the space, sporting black cuts and ruthless eyes. Cigarette tips glow red between their fingers, rising again and again to their bearded faces. There are plenty of women about as well, far more than I expected. But as we get closer, it becomes clear why that is.

"A strip club?" I shout over the engine.

I stare, baffled, at the biggest building on the lot. It's a hive, buzzing with scantily clad women and desperate-looking men. A blinking neon sign in the shape of a curvy woman's silhouette adorns the otherwise nondescript box. And above the narrow front door is the club's scintillating name: The Devil's Playpen

"Of course it's a strip club," Matthew yells back at me, "Gotta rake in the dough somehow, right? Would you rather it be an opium den?"

"Maybe," I mutter.

We pull up in front of the adjacent building, a long low structure that looks more like a barracks than anything else. Matthew cuts the engine and glances back at me as he lifts off his helmet. I must look more than a bit alarmed, because he suddenly looks concerned.

"You gonna be sick?" he asks, "Don't puke on the ride, alright? I just gave it a good washing yesterday."

"Duly noted," I mumble.

"Maybe I should have let you drive up yourself," Matthew says, "I just didn't want the Wraiths' first look at you to be in a cage. It's kind of a turn off."

I look around, trying to take in everything that's going on around me. I was expecting to be dropped off somewhere akin to the Forty-Five Club; just a simple watering hole where the Devil's Wraiths meet. But this place looks like a village in and of itself. Apart from The Devil's Playpen and the long building before us, there are sheds and showers, RVs parked alongside fire pits, the works. Do the Wraiths all live here? That defies everything I know about MCs. But maybe I don't know as much as I'd like to think.

"Come on," Matthew says, "I told Mac we were coming."

I step down off the Harley, my thighs sore after the ride. The door of the long building swings open, and a man in a Wraiths cut strolls out with a busty, very topless brunette under his arm. I get a little peek inside and see a series of doors, opening into barebones bedrooms. Dante's Nine keeps a couple of small rooms in the back of the Forty-Five Club to suit members' needs-I should know. I spent a couple of nights in one of them with Sam. But an entire separate building? Makes me wonder if the girls working at The Devil's Playpen are strictly strippers.

Matthew leads me across the dusty lot, straight toward the Playpen. The strip club is the largest and central building of the compound. Eyes of men and women alike follow me and Matthew as we approach the club. I suppose I stick out like a sore thumb in my dark wash skinny jeans and fashionable black blouse. Especially since the female uniform around here involves little more than some pasties and a thong.

I take a deep breath as Matthew pushes open the door of The Devil's Playpen. This is it. The smell of booze, sex, and cigarettes is unmistakable; sweet and sinful. I lift my chin with as much confidence as I can muster, shaking out my mane of black curls. Willing myself to be brave, I follow Matthew into the darkened club. Stepping through a heavy velvet curtain, we enter together, and I get my first glimpse of The Devil's Playpen.

The cavernous space is high-ceilinged and dimly lit, save for the three raised platforms bearing shiny stripper poles-those are lit perfectly. Deep, cushy booths line the walls, with more tables spread across the floor. A few men sit close to the stages, staring slack-jawed at the scantily clad women who are dancing at this early hour. The strippers writhe casually on their sharp stilettos, surely saving their energy for the big spenders who roll in from Vegas come nightfall. It's not as though they have to try too hard to be sexy, after all.

Gigantic mirrors take up most of the wall space, amplifying the space of the club. The dancers and patrons are reflected endlessly all around us. It's easy to lose track of what's real and what's imagined, here. But I suppose that's probably the point. Along the back wall stretches a long bar, stocked with every sort of liquor imaginable. But it isn't the rows of delicious looking booze that catches and arrests my gaze. It's the two men sitting there, eyeing me across the room. Mac and Leo lean back against the long bar, sizing me up as I stand frozen in the center of the room. I have to force myself to breathe as Matthew tows me toward the President and VP of the Devil's Wraiths. I haven't seen Leo since the night Kassie was abducted. But even after that, he's still been starring in my every passing fantasy. How fucked up must I be to still want him after what's he done to my best friend?

In a plain white tee and perfectly broken-in jeans, Leo is the picture of all things tough and thrilling. He brings a cigarette to his full lips, and the smoke snakes all around his hard, sculpted features. Intricate, beautiful tattoos cover just about every inch of his thick, muscular arms. The most prominent piece, of course, is the image of the wraith herself that covers the entirety of his left upper arm. But as I draw up before him, I notice that a feminine figure is inked onto his right arm, too.

This second tattoo is a stylized, gorgeous portrait of a young woman. Her dark hair hangs in smooth panels, her chin is lifted defiantly. Her eyes look sad but sure, and scrolled beneath her image is a name, "Emilia". It's clear by her rendering that she's very special to Leo. Surely no less than an old lady. I feel my heart hardening into stone, guarding itself as. Of course he's spoken for. Why wouldn't he be? That means I'm going to be stuck here in the lion's den without even the hope of a good fuck to keep me going. It figures.

"Hey guys," Matthew says to Mac and Leo, "Thanks for seeing us."

"Any time, brother," Mac says, eyes fixed on one of the strippers as she bends all the way over to scoop up a tip.

Leo looks right at me, his eyes rake up and down the length of my body, leaving searing trails wherever they go. He makes no effort to hide the fact that he's checking me out, or that he's pleased with what he sees. I know that shouldn't make me feel satisfied, but oh, does it ever. He certainty doesn't look at me like a claimed man. But maybe being claimed or unclaimed doesn't mean anything to a man like him.

"This is my cousin, Kelly," Matthew says, "Kelly, this is Mac and Leo. They're the president and vice president of this chapter."

"Thank you for letting me land here," I say, willing my voice not to waver, "It really means a lot that-"

"Right, right," Mac says shortly, giving me a quick once over. He nods his head in approval and says, "You'll do."

"You mean...in general?" I laugh nervously.

"I mean for the job you're here for," he says, "You are here for a job, right?"

"Of course," I say, "Whatever you guys need."

"Be careful what you promise," Leo grins, taking another long drag off his cigarette, "I might just hold you to it."

I have to clench my teeth to keep my jaw from falling open. I stare at Leo, dumbfounded. Is this divinely sexy, utterly dangerous man flirting with me? Do I even dare to hope? His handsome face is unreadable. His expression lingers somewhere between amusement, interest, and indifference. Something tells me that a straight answer is hard to come by, when it comes to this one. I'll just have to see what I can do to change that...if I'm lucky enough to get the chance, that is.

"We'll have one of the girls show you around," Mac tells me, pulling himself to standing, "You'll mostly just be hanging around the office, fielding calls and putting out fires. Messing with the computers when they need messing with. Keep up with your appearance, though. This is still the Devil's Playpen, after all. None of that buttoned up shit around here."

"I think I can resist the siren song of khakis," I assure him, "Is there a standard issue g-string I should be wearing?"

"You won't hear me complaining," Leo murmurs, eyes fixed firmly on my ass. He's got a hungry look in his eye that's unmistakable. I wonder if he can tell that I've got some cravings of my own?

"I'll be seeing you," Matthew says, shaking Mac's hand.

"That you will," the president replies, "Thanks for lending us your cousin. Been needing some new eye candy around here."

"Is that my official title?" I drawl sarcastically.

Leo lets out a low growl of laughter as he stands before me. Good Christ, this man is a giant. Does he seriously have a foot and a half on me? Before I can stop myself, I'm imagining what it would be like to have this massive, rippling man on top of me. I've never tried to keep up with so powerful a partner before. Could I even handle him?

He's probably taken, I have to remind myself, Don't get your hopes up.

"Funny and hot," Leo says, looking down at me with those golden eyes, "That's good."

A tremor runs down my spine as I stare way up at him. How am I supposed to keep from jumping into his arms when he keeps saying shit like that? I've never been hit on so frankly. I also never suspected that I could find such straightforwardness totally hot.

"You forgot to add 'computer genius'," I manage to quip. Thank god my tongue is quick enough to stay ahead of my racing heart. "That's what I'm here for, right?"

"Among other things," Leo says, taking a step toward me.

"You...want me to hang around until you get settled?" Matthew asks, looking back and forth between me and Leo.

"I'm good!" I say quickly, "Perfect, actually."

"I'll make sure she gets plenty settled," Leo says, slipping an arm around my shoulders.

I feel like I could actually melt into him. It's like every inch of my body that's pressed against him could spontaneously combust. He's just that fucking hot. I swallow an elated grin as I try to memorize the weight of his arm, resting on my shoulders. I've never thought this about any man before, but he even smells amazing. Like the fresh air, and firewood, and all the best things about being alive in this world. I feel like I could get drunk, just on his scent.

"Why don't I give you the grand tour?" Leo asks, pulling me tighter against his side. I can feel his hard muscles moving against me, firm and unshakeable. I imagine what that one particular muscle I've been dreaming about would feel like, pressed against me hard and fast.

"That would be great," I say, leaning into him ever so slightly. My voice remains even, but inside I'm absolutely losing my shit. Do I really get to go off alone with Leo, right off the bat? Why do I even want to, given everything he's pulled on Dante's Nine?

Dante's Nine. Kassie. That's why you're here, I chide myself, Don't forget that.

"Whatever you wanna do, Leo," Mac says, "I've got shit to take care of. Remember, we've got church at eight."

The president saunters away from us, eyes unabashedly fixed on the dancing girls who writhe and shake around the room. They all smile at him as he passes, suddenly coming to life under his gaze. I wonder if they're all angling to be claimed by a club member in their time. And if that's true...what does it say about me that I sometimes dream about the same thing? How different am I, really, than any of the women here?

"Okay, well, I guess I'll leave you to it," Matthew says, "If you need anything, you've got my number."

"Yep. Thanks, Matthew," I say, eager for my cousin to beat it so that I can have Leo to myself. "And thanks for setting this up."

"Yeah. Of course," he says, "Anything for my family. Both of my families."

"Catch you later, Rail," Leo says.

"Rail?" I ask, confused.

"My road name," Matthew says, "Like, 'skinny as a...'"

"Aha. So is Leo your road name or your real name?" I ask the vice president, cozying up just a hair.

"My road name is my real name," he says gruffly, releasing me from his embrace in one sharp motion. Wrong question, I guess?

Matthew turns and walks away from us, casting one last nervous glance over his shoulder. If these men are really his brothers, what is he so worried about? I can't afford to think about that now. My mind needs to be as clear as possible if I'm going to do what I came here for-figure out where the hell Kassie is, and what's going on between the Wraiths and the Nine.

"What do you drink?" Leo asks, walking up to the bar and beckoning over a buxom waitress, "Lemme guess. Cosmo? Bailey's?"

"Vodka rocks, actually," I say, "None of that sweet shit for me, thanks."

"Pardon me, Miss," Leo laughs, "Didn't mean to get your panties in a bunch."

His mere mention of my panties almost makes me fall over. This guy has me wound up so tight. I join him at the bar as we're furnished with our drinks: vodka for me, whiskey and a beer for him.

"Cheers," Leo says, downing his whiskey in one gulp. I glance down at my glass, wondering for a moment whether I should follow suit. He laughs, "Don't bother trying to keep up, lightweight. You don't have to try to be one of the guys-waste of your time."

"I wasn't aware that that's what I was doing," I say, taking a long sip of vodka.

"Yeah right," he says, settling onto his barstool, "I get what you're up to. Trying to act like a tough girl so we don't treat you like these bitches in here. No offense, babe," he grins at our bartender.

"None taken angel," she says airily, letting her hips sway as she walks away. I suppress a jealous pout as Leo watches her go.

"I'm not trying to act like anything," I say, sitting down beside him, "But you're right. I'm probably not like most of the women who hang around here."

"That's not what I said," he corrects me, "You're trying not to be like the women around here, but you're wasting your time. You're just like them. Women are all the same."

"I beg to differ on that," I say, sipping my drink coolly.

"I'm sure you do," Leo laughs, swigging his beer, "Don't take it personal, babe. All men are the same too. Difference is, around here, men and women are allowed to act the way they were built to act. You don't get that in the outside world. I'm suspecting that's what brings you here in the first place."

"Something like that," I allow, "Social graces can be pretty exhausting."

"Let me guess," Leo goes on, "You're the prom queen type, aren't you? Rode that precious wave to some fancy college, got yourself all stuffed with bullshit facts, lined up some rich guy to marry, then ran away at the last minute?"

"Not exactly," I scoff, annoyed with his tone. He may be a sex god straight off of Olympus, but that doesn't give him free reign to be a total asshole to me.

"Matthew told us about your fancy Hollywood boyfriend," Leo smiles, not the least bit ruffled by my side eye.

"Fine," I allow, "That part was approaching true, but I didn't have some kind of fairytale childhood. I grew up in Wraith territory, just like Matthew. Almost threw myself into the life as a kid, I'll have you know."

"But you didn't," Leo insists, "Which means that some part of you thought you were better than all of this."

"What, this?" I say, gesturing toward the women dancing all around us. "Yeah, so sue me, I did and do think I'm better than dry humping a pole for a living. In fact, I know that I am. I'm smart, and funny, and charming as hell. I could do anything in the world, anything at all, and I'm still choosing this life. What does that say about my commitment, huh?"

"It says that being such a special little girl leaves you lonely," Leo says, his eyes glinting, "But don't you worry. I'm gonna fix that for you."

"You got plans for me I should know about?" I ask daringly.

"That's for me to know, babe," Leo winks.

"Because I don't get any say in the matter?" I challenge.

"I can read you," he counters, "I already know what you want."

"Guess we'll just have to see about that," I say, turning back to my drink.

"Guess so," he says, downing the last of his beer, "But not for long, I hope. Now come on. Better get you acquainted with this place. You're gonna help run it, after all."

"What is it, exactly, that you guys need help with around here?" I ask, trailing him down the bar.

"I don't know. Computer shit," he shrugs.

"Nothing more specific?" I ask.

"We're not exactly high tech guys around here," he replies, "If you can't shoot it, it's not a machine we're interested in."

"I see," I mumble.

"You will see, that's for sure," he says, eyeing me over his shoulder, "But trust me, babe, you ain't seen nothin' yet."

"Yeah, I'm starting to get that," I reply. Truer words have never been spoken.

Leo leads me to a door at the far end of the bar and pushes it open. I peer around him and feel my brow furrow in angst. Inside is a small, cramped office overlooking the Wraiths' compound. Well, overlooking is an overstatement-the tiny square of a window seems more like an obligatory air hole than anything else. The kind you poke in the top of a shoebox when you're keeping a little creature inside. The walls are plastered with graphic skin mag centerfolds, each raunchier than the next. And the computer on the cluttered desk has to be a decade old. The air is musty, the carpet sticky, and the window smudged. All told, it's not exactly what I'd call my ideal working environment.

"You're kidding, right?" I say, approaching the ancient computer. I'm afraid to touch it, lest it crumble into dust.

"It's nothing fancy," Leo shrugs, "But it gets the job done."

"I'm supposed to hang out in here all day?" I ask, "I hope the Wraiths are going to cover my hospital bills when I get hepatitis just from breathing the air in here."

"What're you complainin' about? This is the corner office," he grins, "Besides, you don't actually have to clock in here. You know that, right? We're far more concerned with analog things around here-tits and ass trump hard drives and software on our list of priorities. We need someone around who knows computers and shit, but this isn't a nine to five situation."

"Thank Christ," I mutter.

"Actually, I'll let you in on a secret," Leo says, "I sort of made up this job to put your cousin's mind at ease. It'll be handy, I'm sure, to have a little computer genius around. But I have other plans for you, babe."

"Is that so?" I ask, sitting up on the edge of the desk. My heart starts to rattle my rib cage as Leo takes a step toward me. I'm fighting to look cool, but inside my mind is racing. Why would he go to all that trouble, just to get me here?

"Didn't want Rail to keep you away, thinking we were gonna have you working the pole," Leo says, "And not letting you come around here was never an option. Rail showed us your picture when he asked if you could stay. Took one look at you and knew there was no way I was gonna share you with the rest of the guys."

"I...You..." I stammer.

"Speechless?" Leo asks, closing the door tightly behind him. My fingers tighten on the edge of the desk as he flips the lock. "With that mouth of yours, I'll take that as quite the accomplishment."

"I'm not here for this job at all, then, am I?" I ask, my breath caught in my throat, "I'm here because you want me to be here. You want me to be your whore."

"Look at you, coming to conclusions and shit. You are smart," Leo growls, closing the space between us in two long strides.

I balance on the edge of the desk, staring up at the gorgeous, ravenous man who looms over me. I feel my entire world shift around this revelation. Here I thought I was completely in control of this situation. But it turns out, Leo is the one driving full speed ahead. I'm disoriented, knocked off my even keel. I've never been good at giving up control to someone else, especially a man. How is it, then, that the thought is so appealing now? Why does that fact that Leo pulled one over on me only make me want him more?

"What does this make me, your mail order fuck?" I breathe. Almost of their own accord, my knees part just an inch. My legs tremble relentlessly. My sex is throbbing with anticipation and want. I've never been turned on so much by the mere presence of a man. Or by anything a man's ever done to me, for that matter.

"Fucking right," he grins, laying his strong, rough hands on my knees. My eyes flutter closed at this smallest of touches, the feel of his caress burning through my skinny jeans. How many times have I fantasized about what it would feel like to be touched by him? Touched myself, dreaming that it was him instead? I blush, just thinking about it. Thank god he doesn't notice.

"And now that I'm here," I ask, need pulsing hotly in my core, radiating out to every inch of my quaking body, "Whatever are you going to do with me?"

He grins as I spread my legs wide, leveling my gaze at him gamely. I'm ready for him, for whatever he throws my way. I'm no wilting flower myself. I've brought big guys to their knees before, after all. Leo may be a force to be reckoned with, but I'm plenty forceful, too. He steps between my parted knees, pressing himself exactly where I want to feel him most. I gasp as I feel his hard cock flush against my sex. Nothing stands between us now but a few layers of denim. I cock an eyebrow at him, surprised by the size of his...desire.

"What do you expect?" he asks, grinding his stiff length against me ever-so-slowly, "You sitting up on that desk, tucked away in this little office. I could spread you across this desk right now, and you'd love it."

"I can't-" I breathe, daring to rest my hands on his firm chest, my words caught in my throat. My fingers run down the smooth front of his cut, tracing the edges of his patches, memorizing the rise and fall of his breath.

"Tell me you want me," he growls, wrapping his arms around my waist, "Go on. Tell me how much you want me to fuck you."

"I...I..." I stammer.

"Say it," he commands, pulling me flush against him, "I want you to beg me for it."

The throbbing feel of his erection, insistent and mighty against me, is too much for me to handle. My reason is nowhere to be found, my rational mind has nothing at all to say. The only thing I can think about is how badly I want to feel this man split me open on that massive cock of his. Come inside of me like a goddamn levee breaking. And now.

"I want you," I whisper, taking his bearded face in my hands, "I want you to fuck me Leo, I'm begging you to fuck me."

"Good," he says, "That's what I wanted to hear." And with that, he finally brings those full, firm lips to mine. The force of his kiss nearly knocks me off the desk.

I press myself against him as he parts my lips with his strong jaw. Thrills run through my entire body as I feel his strong tongue glance against mine, sweeping through my mouth. He tastes incredible, the smoky whiskey still clinging to his tongue. Daringly, I take his lower lip between my teeth and tug, just a bit.

"I see what you like," he growls, pulling away from me sharply.

"I see that you like it too," I reply breathlessly, eyes darting down to the impressive swell in the front of his jeans. My entire body is on edge, alive and ready to take him. My clothes could not come off fast enough.

"Actually, I prefer to be the one biting," he says, lowering his mouth to my neck.

I moan as he kisses along my skin, his scruffy beard rubbing against me as he goes. I feel a pinch as he makes good on his word and bites, just hard enough. My eyes are closed in bliss as he trails his lips along my collarbone, his amazing body bent over me, encasing me. I love how huge he is, how he rises up over the earth like a colossus. All that power, all the might-all mine.

"I want to fuck you dirty, Kelly," he rasps, his golden, gleaming eyes inches away from my own, "Right here on this desk. I want to strip those tight ass jeans off and ram my cock right into you."

"Do it, then," I tell him, breaking into a wild grin, "I want to feel you inside of me, Leo. Right now. Do it."

"I will," he says, running his hands down my sides, his fingers bumping along the ridges of my ribs. "But not yet."

And just like that, he steps away. Disengages. As if it were the easiest thing in the world. I stare up at him, befuddled and too turned on to think straight, let alone form words.

"What?!" I exclaim, as he straightens up and steps away from me, "What the hell are you doing, trying to kill me?"

He's smiling like mad, shaking his mane of hair and laughing. He straightens his cut and looks me over as I sit up straight, perplexed.

"Just wanted to make sure you were really down," he says, "You're as much of a freak as I suspected. Begging for my cock, on the desk? In a strip club? That's my kind of girl."

"So you don't want to fuck me?" I ask, at a loss.

"I do," he says, "I can't wait to fill you up. I can't wait to know how you scream while you're riding me. But I can tell that you're the kind of girl that hates to wait. I want to fire you up before we fuck. I want you to drip at the mere sight of me."

"I'm not any kind of girl," I say heatedly, leaping off the desk, "I am a woman, dammit. A grown ass woman with needs. The question is, are you the man who's going to help me tend to them or do I need to look elsewhere for a little action?"

"You won't look elsewhere," he says, full of confidence. "You know that I'm unlike anyone you've ever had before. You know that I could make you come harder and faster than any man you've met. And until you've had me, no one else will do. Don't worry, babe. It's gonna happen. And you're going to fucking love it."

"Damn you, Leo," I mutter. He's absolutely right, of course, but that only makes me madder. I can't get out ahead of this guy, no matter how hard I try.

"That's right, let all that anger boil up in there," he says, yanking open the door, "Angry sex is my favorite. Now come on, I wanna show you the rest of the compound. Or you need a moment? Lookin' a little flushed over there."

"I'm fine, asshole," I say, marching past him out of the room, "Don't be worrying about me. You're the one who's still rocking quite the rise in your Levi's."

And just like that, we carry on like nothing's happened. Or at least, Leo does. For my own part, I'm totally tweaking out.

What the hell just happened in there? I've never been shy about getting it on in unconventional places, myself. But never have I been so swept away with someone that I would jump up on a desk and screw him fifteen minutes after we'd officially met. I've never even done anything like that drunk, let alone stone sober. And that's to say nothing of the fact that this guy aided in my best friend's abduction within the last 72 hours. I'm here to spy on him and his club, to covertly patch up the bond between the Wraiths and the Nine. My job is to make things right and high tail it back to my normal life before anyone gets hurt. Can't very well do that with my knees spread, can I?

And yet, that's exactly what the Nine's original plan was. I was supposed to show up here and bang as many guys as I needed to until I got some answers. If it had been left up to them, I would have showed up here as any old mama. I would have been fair game for anyone who wanted me. They wouldn't have cared a bit. But because of Matthew's intervention, Leo got first dibs. And now, I'm all his. It's because of him that I didn't get thrown to the wolves. I know this. He knows this. The only question that I have now is which club actually has taken my best interests to heart?

To heart. Yeah, right. I can't forget that these are not men operating from a sense of love and romance. Chivalry and manners have no place in outlaw bars and brothels. To these guys of the Nine and the Wraiths, I'm just another gash. Another potential conquest. One more notch in the bedpost. The Nine only care about me because I might help get Dec's old lady back. And the Wraiths can't touch me, now that Leo's decided he wants to keep me. And what about Leo? Is he really heartless, too, or could he grow to care about me? Could a man like him ever fall in love, the way I've always known love to be? Declan ended up being kind of sensitive and lovey-dovey, despite Kassie's early misgivings.

"Hurry up," Leo calls over his shoulder, marching across the strip club, "Christ, we're not taking the scenic route, here."

So much for sensitive. But I could have guessed as much. And to be perfectly honest, I don't really want a man with a soft, gooey center, no matter how hard the shell. I'm sick and tired of men who need to be coddled, whose deep emotional scars are still raw. I don't want to hold some guy's hand while he tells me all about his insecurities and trust issues. I don't have time for that kind of shit. Not anymore. I've never allowed myself to wallow in that kind of stuff, so why would I seek out someone to wallow with? No thanks.

What I want, in the end, is exactly what's in front of me. A ruthless bad boy who will call me out on my shit, screw me senseless, and not bring messy emotions into the mix. Leo is right. I've never had a guy like him, and I don't want to waste my time with anyone else. He's arrogant, and harsh, and totally aware of how sexy he is. He knows exactly who he is and what he wants; and I like him all the more for that. He's the one I want. And I'm a lady who gets what she wants.

Chapter Nine

Leo gives me a grand tour of compound. I learn, first off, that this place is called the Wraith's Nest. The Devil's Playpen stands at the center of the sprawl, and serves as the club's primary source of income. Members spend a good deal of time at the bar inside, but their place of real congregation is a squat, impenetrable-looking building behind the strip club. With its tiny windows and brick walls, it looks like it was built to withstand a volley of machine gun fire. And probably, come to think of it, it was.

The building packed with bedrooms is actually called "the barracks" around here. Eight small apartments are squeezed into the low building, available for members or choice clientele of the Playpen. Walking by, I hear at least one woman doing her best porn star impression. Leo laughs at me when I make an embarrassed face at the sound.

"A blusher?" he observes.

"Shut up," I mutter.

"You don't seem the type to be ashamed of a casual fuck," he goes on, leading me across the Wraith's Nest, "Especially what I saw back in the office."

"It's not casual sex that bothers me," I tell him, "Its women feeling like they have to act like porn goddesses every time they screw. Sounds like she's reading off a script in there."

"Baby, she's a hooker," he spells it out, "That's kind of her whole thing."

"Still, it's a shame," I say, "And, for the record, I'm not your baby."

"Alright, sweet butt," he laughs.

"My name will do just fine, thanks," I say.

"Kelly: the biggest sexual hypocrite the world's ever seen," he says grandly, genuflecting in my direction.

"You really get a kick out of yourself, don't you?" I ask. I have to admit, though, I'm totally charmed by his sense of humor-even if I am the butt of the joke. But there's no reason he needs to know that.

"I do okay," he says, "But come on. You can't come down too hard on our girls here. You've faked an orgasm or two in your life. Moaned a little louder than you had to, trying to make some poor fucker feel better about his tiny dick."

"Sure, when I was seventeen and had no sense of myself," I tell him.

"Well, your days of faking are over," he says, placing his hand on the small of my back.

"You'd never be able to tell if I was faking or not," I grin, reveling in the feel of his hand against my skin.

"Trust me," he says, his voice raspy and rich, "If there's one thing I know beyond a shadow of a doubt, it's how to get a woman off."

"So you say," I shrug, as we pass by a ramshackle RV. I'm baiting him mercilessly, and it's almost too much fun. Getting back at him for making me wait to get laid, I suppose.

"That sounds like a challenge," he says, grabbing my hips and guiding me up against the cool wall of the RV.

"That's because it is one, darling," I reply, cocking my head playfully.

He places his hands above my shoulders, penning me there before him. His golden eyes are absolutely roiling with desire, and I can practically feel him getting even hotter for me by the second. Knowing that I can turn Leo on makes me feel like a total badass. It's powerful, this kind of hold I have on him. I would have expected to feel less in control with someone as strong and ruthless as him. But instead, I feel like his mightiness makes me mightier, too.

"You don't fuck with me, I fuck with you," he growls.

"I am fucking with you," I say, bringing my hands to his crotch, "And it looks like I'm close..."

He closes his eyes as I stroke along the length of his cock. I marvel at the enormity of him, the pulsing power between his legs. And we're not even in the heat of the moment, yet. How massive is he when he's really revved up? I need to know. I need to feel what it's like to take all of this man inside me.

Leo catches my wrists in one strong paw and pins my arms up over my head. I arch my back, raising my breasts to him, tempting him with everything I've got.

"Two can play at this game," he growls.

I gasp as his hand trails up my thigh. He lets his fingers brush against that place between my legs, and I know at once that I'm a goner. I get wet in a heartbeat as he teases me, running his fingers along my sensitive sex. My head falls back against the RV as I feel his fingers trace the waist of my jeans, tucking beneath the tight fabric.

"God yes," I moan.

"You like that?" he asks, sliding his hand down the front of my jeans. His breath is hot, his eyes ferocious, and his hands searching.

"I want to feel you," I plead, "Let me-"

"Feel me what? Slip my fingers inside of you?" he goes on, advancing by mere millimeters toward my sex, "Roll them over your clit? Flick you? Rub you?"

"Everything," I breathe, "I want to feel everything with you-"

"And I want you to," he whispers, "But not. Yet." And with that, he steps away.

"Ugh!" I cry, staring after him as he turns and walks away from me, "What are you, made of stone?"

"Something like that," he says with a wicked wink, "Tour's over, baby. You're free to go, for now."

"Seriously?" I ask, "That's it?"

"That's it," he says.

"So I'll just...see you tomorrow then?" I go on.

"You know it," he says, "Go home and get a good night's sleep. And think about me while you're taking care of yourself."

"You're terrible," I tell him.

"I know," he replies, crossing his thick arms.

"Oh shit," I say, remembering suddenly, "Matthew drove me here on his bike. My car's back where we left it."

"Nice move," he says sarcastically, "You gonna walk back to the border?"

"Guess I could call a cab or something," I say uncertainly, "Or drive that RV over there, if it comes to it."

"Don't be dumb, I'll take you," he says, "Let's go. I gotta be back in time for church."

"It's kinda far," I tell him, hurrying to keep up as he strides away, "You really don't have to do that-"

"I don't mind a good ride," he says, "What's the matter? You afraid to get on the back of my bike?"

"That's not-I don't-" I stammer.

"Kelly, babe, you're breaking my heart," he says dramatically, "Here I thought we'd grown so close."

"Do you ever just say what you mean?" I ask.

"You'll see," he replies, "So, come on. You gonna let me give you a lift?"

All I want is to hop on Leo's bike and spend hours upon hours clutching those hard abs of his. I picture us whipping down desert roads, my curls flying out behind me. My arms wrapped tightly around him, memorizing the feel of his muscles. Sounds like heaven. Or a country song. Or both. But he doesn't have to know that, now does he?

"Fine," I sigh, "We'll do it your way."

Leo and I make our way across the lot, passing a couple burly guys in Wraith's cuts along the way. They look to be around Leo's age, thick with muscle but not incredibly tall. One sports a thick red beard, the other is clean shaven with slicked-back black hair. Their banter dies on their lips as they spot me. They look at me with hungry curiosity, trading eager glances, and I stiffen. As if sensing my unease, Leo slips an arm around my waist. At once, the two other Wraiths cool their gaze, backing down.

"What's up, Leo?" the red-bearded man asks.

"Not too much, Sparky," Leo replies, "Just showing my new friend Kelly around the Nest is all."

"Well hey there, Kelly," replies the slick, slender man, "I'm Fiver."

"Hey..." I say cautiously, looking back and forth between the two men, "Blaze and Fiver, huh? Those are you road names, I take it."

"You bet your ass," Blaze says, "They're kinda like job descriptions, too, now that I think about it."

"That's right," Fiver crows, "You set shit on fire, and I steal whatever's valuable before you do."

"No wonder we make such a good team," Blaze laughs, ambling away with the chuckling Fiver on his tail.

"Church at eight," Leo calls after them.

"You got it, VP," Blaze replies.

It's like they're a pack, I think to myself. And it would seem that I've been chosen by the alpha male. A smile spreads across my lips at the thought of that. I press against Leo's side, relishing the feel of his hard body. This man could have any woman he wanted, and god knows there are plenty to choose from in the Wraith's Nest. But above all the women he could have picked, Leo chose me. He wants me for his own. Hell, he practically placed an order for me.

By all rights, I should be livid. Who is he to decide that I'm going to be his from now on? Why should he get to make that decision? I'm sure that if it was anyone else, I'd already be long gone. But the thing is, I want to be Leo's. I want to feel protected, and powerful, and lusted after all at the same time. I knew that from the second I saw him at the Forty-Five Club. And sure, there's no way this can be forever. The second I find Kassie and smooth things over between the clubs, it'll be back to Vegas for me. Back to the Nine.

But for now, for these few glorious days, I certainly don't mind being the chick on the back of Leo's Harley.

Leo draws us to a stop before his ride, an impressive and imposing machine. It's a perfect reflection of the man who rides it: solid, dangerous, and sexy as hell. He swings a denim-clad leg over the bike straps on his helmet. I place a hand on the leather seat, marveling at the fine piece of machinery.

"You gonna just stand there fondling it, or hop on?" Leo asks, handing me a second helmet, "We've got places to be, baby."

"Calm down, Stud," I smile, lowering the helmet onto my back curls, "I was just appreciating the fine piece of work before me. Oh, and the bike's nice too."

"Funny," Leo drawls, "You get that line from some frat boy ex of yours?"

"I wouldn't be caught dead dating a frat boy," I inform him, "Perish the thought."

"What kind of boy are you dating, then?" he asks, training his eyes on me.

"No kind, at the moment," I say, peering through my visor, "You checking to make sure I'm single, Leo?"

"Just making sure I won't have to beat any skinny ass pretty boys when I finally give you what you want," he says.

"What I want, right," I reply, "I'm sure you're totally indifferent about it."

"I know what I want and I take it," he grins, "You're the one in denial."

"I'm sure that's it," I laugh. We share the same sarcastic streak, the penchant for playing both the straight man and the joker, in turn. I've yet to see him crack a full, sincere smile, but I hope I get to see it once before my time here is through.

I climb up onto the Harley and press myself against Leo. My legs are spread wide around him, something that my wanting sex doesn't let go unnoticed. I wrap my arms tightly around Leo's broad chest, barely able to lace my fingers. I can feel each cut muscle ripple every time he shifts his weight. The black leather of his cut is cool against my skin. The wraith stares out at me with her sinister, temping eyes from between Leo's shoulders.

"Guess you finally got me," I whisper to her.

"Hold on," Leo says, "I don't go slow."

"No, you've made that abundantly clear," I say, daring to let my hands slip down toward his crotch.

"Easy there," he laughs, "I know you're trying to win this little standoff, but I'll crash this thing if you start up with that mid-ride."

"Fine," I sigh, leaving him be. For the moment.

Leo starts the engine, and at once the bike comes to life beneath us. The way it vibrates is unbelievable-it's far more powerful than Matthew's. I hang onto Leo for dear life as the engine's energy works its way through my body. I'm so surrounded by and run through with sexy, untamable power. It is possible to get off, just by the presence of so much greatness? I'm starting to think so.

We take off into the desert together, retracing the route I just took with Matthew. But it becomes very clear, very quickly, that this is going to be a very different ride. Matthew rode along like a sensible human being, his motion measured and reasonable. Leo is another story altogether. At his command, the Harley races across the desert like a bat out of hell. It's moving so fast, we're practically flying. We tear along the back trails, roaring past the sign of the wraith. Once we make it back onto the flat, unpopulated main roads, there's nothing standing in our way.

The pavement stretches out in long, graceful lines before us. We roar along, alone beneath the infinite sky. I feel tiny and all-powerful, all at once. But then, that's what Leo makes me feel when I'm with him-so small, but so mighty. How can I be both things at the same time? It's a mystery I look forward to unravelling. Especially if that unravelling means undressing the mighty man in front of me, stitch by stitch.

I completely lose track of time, out on the road with Leo. After so many years away from this life, I should be sacred out of my wits to be in the hands of a speed demon like him. But instead, I feel more at home than I have in years. Maybe even a decade. I've only officially known this man for a few hours, but I feel so close to him. And not just because I'm clinging to him on as I balance on the back of his bike. He sees right through me, straight through all of the defenses and pretenses I've built up along the years. And I love it.

After what feels like no time at all, I spot the greasy spoon where I met Matthew this afternoon. Jesus. Was that only just this afternoon? It already feels like a lifetime ago. Leo guides his Harley up to the squat, dingy diner and cuts the engine. My car is waiting for me in the parking lot, nestled between two battered pickups. As I step down off Leo's bike, I spot Mae peering through the diner window. She narrows her eyes at the massive form of Leo and turns away in a huff. Guess Declan filled her in on our little situation. She's an unlikely sentry, but an effective one, I bet.

"Of course you drive the yuppiest cage on the planet," Leo laughs, shaking his head at my little blue Prius.

"None of your shit, Leo," I say, handing him my helmet, "Don't ruin a perfectly nice evening, now."

"Aww," he coos, peering down at me, "Did you have a fun time with your big bad biker?"

"My big bad biker, huh?" I ask, making my way over to my car, out of sight from any diner dwellers, "I didn't realize I'd made such an impression on you."

"That's right," Leo says, following me into the shadows, "If you're going to belong to me, then I'm yours, too."

"Unless you feel like screwing someone else?" I say.

"Details," he mutters.

"So if any of the other guys try to fuck with me...?" I begin.

"They wouldn't dare," Leo growls, "But if they did, I'd have every right to end them."

"Well shit," I whistle, "You're not messing around."

"I never mess around," he growls, backing me up against my car, "And I don't like being played with. We're gonna be straight with each other, Kelly. And we're going to have a good time doing it."

"If you ever let me get some, that is," I say.

"Trust me," Leo growls, pressing himself up against me, "When I do give it to you, you'll be glad I let you brace yourself first."

He brings his mouth swiftly to mine, his thick beard tickling my skin. I soften against him at once, my back flat against the car. His lips are full and firm, miraculously soft and sure all at once. Our tongues tangle, his taste making my head spin. I run my fingers through his long, dark hair, pulling him closer. He's intoxicating, this man. I'll never be able to get enough.

Hid hands run down the length of my body, sliding over the rise of my ass. He pulls me against him tightly, just so I can feel him getting hard once more. I grind against him, willing him to take me right then and there. I know that I'm supposed to be resisting him, that we're locked in a sexy standoff, but I can't help it. My entire body responds every time he touches me, there's nothing I can do about it. Nothing I want to do about it.

"See you tomorrow," he says, pulling away from me.

"You certainly will," I gasp, leaning heavily against my driver's side door.

"I like these jeans on you," he says, giving me one last once over, "Wear them again for me."

"If I'm feeling charitable," I smile.

"Might not be able to resist you, if you do," he teases.

"You're killing me, Leo," I moan.

"Just gettin' started," he laughs, "See you soon, baby."

He turns and walks away, leaping back onto his bike. A tiny flare illuminates his rugged, handsome features as he lights himself a smoke. My heart twists as the sharp contours of his face light up the darkness. Cigarette between his lips, he peels off into the night, leaving me alone once more. I stare after him, dumbfounded. I'm amazed at how much I miss him, the second he's gone. I want to drive after him, follow him home like a lost puppy. But he has matters to attend to, and so do I.

Reluctantly, I wrench open the car door and slip inside. It's time for me to head back to Vegas for the night. My new apartment certainly isn't going to feel like home, but at least it's a place to crash. Still, it would be nice to feel at home somewhere in this world.

And as I trundle off toward my lonely bed, I wonder if I haven't found a place I could call home with a certain leonine badass? It's too much to hope for, certainly, but I've always been a fan of impossible fantasies. For a few days, while I track Kassie down, I can at least let myself dream a little.

My cell phone chirps on the passenger seat, and I scoop it up eagerly. Some irrational part of me hopes that Leo's changed his mind about a booty call tonight. But no such luck. It's Declan's name that graces my screen, with the message:

Done for the day? Come to the Forty-Five. I want a report.

"Guess I can't get to dreaming just yet," I sigh, and reroute toward the clubhouse of Dante's Nine.

Chapter Ten

A pair of supple, comforting arms wrap me up the minute I step inside the Forty-Five club. I'm taken aback by the suddenly display of warmth. Dani's chestnut curls are everywhere as she holds onto me tightly, relieved to see me safe and sound.

"You're OK!" Dani says, "Thank god."

"Of course I am," I reply, pulling away from her, "Why wouldn't I be?"

"Uh, you're just spying on one of the most powerful clubs in the area," she says, "Can't blame me for being a little worried."

"Everything went off without a hitch," I tell her, "This isn't my first time dealing with the Wraiths. They're not as scary as they're made out to seem."

"Right. I keep forgetting you have history with them," she says, "I'm still shaking off my idea of you as a prissy LA chick. No offense."

"Uh-huh," I say, bristling despite myself. I know that my appearance and demeanor don't exactly read "ex-hard knock", but I hate being constantly reminded of that. With all that I'm doing for the Nine, a little respect would be really nice. Or at least a little credit where credit is due, perhaps.

"Did you get any intel?" Dani asks, lowering her voice. It's just us here, for the moment. Our resident sweet butts are nowhere to be found, and the men are cloistered in their chapel.

"Not exactly," I tell her, "But I'll be able to soon. I'll have access to the Wraiths' computers...and their VP, as it turns out."

"Leo?" Dani asks, "What do you mean, you have access to Leo?"

But the door to the back room opens before I can answer, and Declan steps out into the bar. His eyes land upon me with cool interest, but I can see how much hurt he's masking with those piercing blues. He must be worried sick about Kassie. The rest of the Nine file out behind him, spotting me one by one.

"There she is," John Baxter says, stepping up and draping an arm across my shoulders. The white-haired president is calmer than anyone here tonight. I guess he's seen his share of hostage situations. "You doing alright, honey?"

"Oh, I'm swell," I say, trying to keep my voice even, "Never better."

"Did you find Kassie?" Ollie asks eagerly, his tribal tattoo standing out against his skin in the dim light of the bar.

"I was only there for a few hours," I remind him, "I don't know where they're keeping her yet."

"Then what were you doing over there, exactly?" Chuck asks meanly.

Unbidden, the image of Leo pushing me up against a wall comes racing into my mind. I'm overcome with a rush of lust for the man who waits for me in the Wraith's Nest. I beg my body to be still, lest I blush and give myself away.

"I was getting the lay of the land," I manage to answer.

"Well?" Declan says, impatient as ever, "What's the deal? What did you find out?"

"Well, I found out that I'm not really being invited around as a sweet butt," I begin, "And that I'm sure as hell not going to be working the pole. My cousin Matthew never would have brought me over if that was the case. Uh. Turns out, Leo's allowing me to hang around as his, uh...exclusive...friend."

"What?!" Frank and Teddy exclaim in unison.

"Yeah," I say, laughing nervously, "Guess he saw my picture or something and decided he wanted me around. Like a mail order...never mind. But this is good for us. I get to hang around the Wraiths without worrying about the other guys giving me trouble. I'll be staying on call for any tech stuff they need, though the job title is just a courtesy to my cousin. He might be scandalized if he knew what Leo really had in mind for me. But I can still come and go as I please, so-"

"As Leo pleases," Kip corrects me, "Make no mistake."

"This is...not exactly how I pictured things going," Declan mutters, "At this rate, you'll spend more time in Leo's bed than searching for Kass-"

"No. If you had it your way, I'd have been fucked by half the Wraiths by now," I cut in, my voice clipped, "But I have to say, I rather prefer this scenario."

"This scenario means that Leo is still in charge," Declan says, "Which means he could still have something up his sleeve. Don't underestimate this guy, Kelly. I know he has the whole fearless leader thing going on, but he's more brutal than you could ever imagine. When are you going back?"

"Tomorrow," I say, taken aback by Declan's warning.

"You need to get some information tomorrow, then. Now that you've had time to stroll about the Wraith's Nest with your new beau," Declan says. His tone is hard and flinty, and it's wearing on my very last nerve.

"I'll do my best," I say through clenched teeth.

"No," Declan shoots back, "That's not good enough."

"I'm sorry," I say, "What, exactly, are the rest of you doing for this little rescue mission while I'm off in the lion's den?"

"We're...gathering intel of our own," Declan says vaguely.

"Right," I say, "Well, you have fun with that. I'll be off trying to get my friend back before you guys slip up and make the Wraiths even angrier."

"We've just had a misunderstanding with the Wraiths," John says decisively, "The bad blood between us is nothing but water. Now, let's get that water flowing under the bridge as soon as we can."

"We don't know for sure that there isn't cause for us to be out with the Wraiths," Chuck corrects him, "We never got any real answers about what happened to Sam. Just suspicions."

"Do you guys still suspect that the Wraiths killed him?" asks Tot, the wide-eyed prospect.

"Jesus, Tot," Kip grumbles, "Way to be subtle."

"Sorry," the prospect says, hanging his head, "I'm just trying to keep up."

"We can't even consider that question until Kassie is safely away from the Wraiths," Declan says, "Once she's back home, we can think about our next move."

"I thought the next move was just to make peace between the clubs?" I say.

"If it turns out that the Wraiths are innocent, I'm all for peace," Declan says, "But if our suspicions hold, and they are responsible for Sam's death, it's a lot more than their reputation I mean to drag through the mud. Why would they be retaliating if they weren't guilty of something? All this bullshit about us hurting their good name...I don't buy it. No one here would do something like that."

"How the hell am I supposed to get Kassie back in good conscience, if it means you're just going to keep poking at the Wraiths Nest with a stick?" I ask him, "Won't there just be more violence, more trouble, if you keep antagonizing-"

"Don't you want Sam to have justice?" Declan demands, "You were his friend-for a minute at least."

"Of course I want him to have justice," I say, "But insisting on fucking with the Wraiths is only going to leave you with more bodies to bury. Why can't you accept that his death might have just been an accident?"

"I'm not going to get into this with you," Declan growls, "Go home and get some sleep. You have a long day ahead of you. Keep us posted about anything you find. And try not to give anything away. We have a lot riding on you."

"And be safe," Dani adds, at last.

"Thank you," I tell her, "I'm glad someone around here gives a single fuck about my safety in all this."

"If you get Kassie back, I'll throw you a fucking parade," Declan growls, "But until then, pardon me if I'm not all hugs and kisses. My old lady is missing. I'm a little on edge."

"Kassie was my best friend long before she was your old lady," I remind him, "You're not the only one hurting, here."

A stony moment of silence falls upon the bar as Declan and I stare at each other, seething. I know that we're only butting heads because we're upset about Kassie's abduction, but damn is it hard to forgive him for being such a relentless dick to me.

"Just find her, Kelly," Declan says, his jaw clenched, "Find our girl and bring her home."

"I will," I tell him, "I promise."

And with that, I turn on my heel and leave. Off toward my bare bones apartment I fly, feeling more utterly alone than I have in a long time. Kassie's missing, the Nine don't give a damn about me, and my life in LA seems like a far off dream. Maybe I should just keep driving, go back to LA and beg for Bryan's forgiveness? Maybe it's not too late to settle being a B-List actor's discontented wife?

But all I have to do is think of those golden eyes to know that there's no going back. I don't know what the future holds for me and Leo, but I'd never forgive myself if I didn't find out. Even if he's only a part of my life for the time it takes to get Kassie back, it'll have been worth it. That I know for sure.

And it's that thought that helps me find sleep at last. I drift off with a little smile on my lips, knowing how much Leo would love to know that I'm thinking about him after all.

Chapter Eleven

My little blue car rolls to a stop before the wooden sign bearing the image of the wraith. I bite my lip, staring up at her all-seeing eyes. Am I really about to roll a Prius into an MC's headquarters? This is the cage of all cages that I'm driving, here. But what choice do I have? I've got to report for work. Or, at least pretend to so I can get alone with Leo at last.

I ease my car along the dusty trail, further up into the Las Vegas hills. I barely slept a wink last night, wondering what today might have in store. Will Leo steal me away into the office or the barracks and finally have his way with me? Or will we blow this pop stand the second I arrive and go back to his place, wherever that may be? I grip the steering wheel tighter, swallowing an excited smile. Only time will tell.

It's barely ten in the morning when I roll up to the Devil's Playpen. But despite the early hour, the strip club doesn't appear to be quite deserted yet. As I step out of my car, a trio of sad-looking men stumble out of the Playpen together. Their fancy but disheveled suits and preppy haircuts tell me right away that they're civilians, not club members. They look hung-over, befuddled, and very pleased with themselves.

"I told you it would be worth the trip," one of the men slurs to his buddies, "These Playpen girls are something else, aren't they?"

"I'll say," mumbles another, "I would have given my right nut to fuck one of them, if they asked me to. Good thing they took Visa, instead."

I raise an eyebrow as the men pass, barely remaining upright. They look like Midwestern business types, probably in Vegas for some weekend conference while their families wait at home. I could never stand men like them. Entitled, wealthy sons of bitches who think they deserve to be fawned over. Thank god Leo claimed me for his own before I got here, or I might have had to dance for them myself, or worse. The very thought makes me cringe.

"Hey baby," one of them grins, spotting me as I turn toward the strip club, "I've got a few twenties left. Why don't you show me those titties of yours?"

"Excuse me?" I growl, my hands balled into fists.

"What, is it not your shift or something?" he goes on, red-faced and pudgy. His friends giggle like schoolboys as he produces his wallet and holds up a crumpled bill like a dog treat. He waves the money at me, and I feel my blood start to boil. "Come on. Don't tell me you're too good for my money, sweetheart."

"I don't need any pennies from your hooker allowance," I snap, "And sorry, buddy, but I'm not for sale. I know that may be a foreign concept to you. I don't imagine you can get any pussy that you don't pay for, by the look of you."

"You bitch," he murmurs, as his friends clutch their sides, aching with laughter.

"I'm not a bitch," I spit back, "I'm a woman. And I won't tolerate being disrespected. Especially by the likes of you."

"Then you're in the wrong place, sweetie," he says, "Don't know if you noticed, but this is an outlaw club. You're not gonna find any respect around here, no matter what your biker boyfriend might tell you."

"That's where you're wrong," I hear a familiar voice say from over my shoulder.

I spin around to see Leo emerging from the shadows of the Devil's Playpen. He rises like a storybook hero out of the darkness-of course, his armor is of leather and ink, rather than chain mail. But still. My every cell blazes to life at the sight of his towering form, his glowing, golden eyes. The three pathetic strip club patrons all but cower before him as he steps up beside me.

"Are these idiots giving you trouble?" he asks, his gaze cutting and ferocious on the men.

"Of course not!" cries my bloated antagonizer.

"This one's insisting on treating me like a hooker and saying you don't respect me," I reply, crossing my arms and glaring at the pudgy ringleader.

"W-what?!" he exclaims, "I wasn't-I didn't-you don't understand-"

"Oh, I think I understand perfectly," Leo growls, "You think you're some big tough guy because you paid to blow your load with one of our working girls last night? She may have taken pity on you, deigned to take your money, but I don't do pity. Or charity. You just fucked with my woman, you pathetic piece of shit. Nobody fucks with my woman."

"I didn't know..." the man says, white as a sheet, "I swear-"

"I don't give a fuck," Leo roars, "Get the fuck out of here, and stay away. You just lost your Playpen privileges, you motherfucker. We've got the best girls north of the border, and you'll never enjoy their company again. If I see you here, you're dead. That goes for your buddies, too. And don't think for a second that I'm bluffing."

I gasp as Leo pushes aside the front of his cut, revealing the deadly black handgun stashed there. I don't think I've ever been this close to a firearm, at least not to my knowledge. None of the young club members I hung out with as a kid carried. And my liberal college town was decidedly against the idea of lugging around pocket-sized killing machines. I'm at once intrigued and appalled by Leo's gun, but not nearly as frightened as the three assholes quavering before us.

"Um...Ok...Take it easy..." the man stammers.

"Apologize to my woman," Leo says, nodding in my direction.

"I'm...Sorry..." the man says, eyes on the ground.

"Say it to her," Leo shouts, making a menacing step forward.

The man snaps his bloodshot eyes up to mine. They're teeming with disdain and humiliation as he says, "Sorry."

"I don't much give a fuck," I say lightly, crossing my arms.

"You heard her," Leo says, putting his arm around my waist, "Guess you can't get forgiveness unless you pay for it, either. Now beat it."

The men fall over each other, rushing to their car. I can't help but laugh as they topple into their Audi and tear ass away from the Playpen, never to return. That's a clown car if I ever saw one. It's not even noon, and I've already witnessed three grown men nearly piss themselves for acting like misogynist pigs. A good morning, I'd say.

"What are you, my knight in shining armor?" I ask Leo, lacing my fingers with his. A playful smile spreads across my lips as I wait for him to make his move.

"Just beating back the vermin," he grumbles, stepping away from me, "Should be the last of them, though. At least for today."

"Oh. Great," I say, taken aback by his cool demeanor. We were hot and heavy just yesterday, weren't we? But today he seems more brooding. Even less lighthearted, if that's humanly possible.

"You'll be OK here on your own, right?" he asks, "I wanted to wait until you got here, to know you weren't gonna bail after one day, but I've got some shit to attend to elsewhere."

"I'll be fine," I say, cooling myself, "Is there anything you actually need me to do, or am I just supposed to wait around until you feel like fucking me?"

"Find some way to be useful," he shrugs, "But I don't much care either way. You wanted to be here, right? Well, congratulations. You're here. Do whatever the hell you want. I'll see you later."

And just like that, he marches off. I stare after him, at a loss. After a night of tossing and turning, wondering what today might hold, that's all I get? I wasn't expecting a picnic or anything, but come on. I thought I was here to keep Leo company, or something. How am I supposed to do that when he won't give me the time of day?

He jumps onto his Harley across the lot and takes off in a hurry. Guess he really does have somewhere to be. There's more to being in a successful MC than screwing and smoking weed all day, I have to remind myself. He surely does have other important things to take care of. This life isn't one of leisure-I can't hold that against him. But still...five minutes of his time would be nice.

I heave a sigh and look out across the lot. Standing in front of the Devil's Playpen, I have a pretty good view of the entire compound. The barracks and chapel are quiet at this early hour. Either all the members have dispersed to their own homes for the night, or else they're passed out all around the nest with the ladies of their choice. I suddenly feel incredibly lonely, all alone in this new, unfamiliar place. I miss my best friend, my comfortable life in LA. But I can't dwell on that-I have a job to do.

The only light I see shines from the busted-up RV Leo and I made out against yesterday. I blush, wondering if that's someone's home. Was somebody inside while we got nasty in the shade of their house yesterday? Now there's a first impression for you. Hopefully we weren't too loud as we went at it. The very memory of that encounter gives me goose bumps. I don't know how much longer I can go without another dose of Leo's affections.

I dispel the thought from my mind and walk into the club. I'm swallowed up by near total darkness as I enter. Guess it takes a bit of trickery to keep up the late-night illusion in here. As my eyes begin to adjust, I expect to see a few women manning their posts-or rather, their poles. But I don't spot any dancing ladies as I make my way across the room. The place seems to be deserted. Or at least I think so, until I look over at the bar.

Four gorgeous women are perched along the counter, each more scantily clad than the next. Before them on the bar is a huge pile of cash and contraband. Bills, watches, jewels, casino chips, they've got it all. They pick through their loot like kids trading Halloween candy-only with cigarettes and bloody mary's instead of KitKats and Reeses. I stop short, staring at them. Each wears little more than a g-string and a barely-there bra, yet they look as comfortable as can be. I smile to myself, studying the quartet of strippers. They remind me of the foursome of women who call the Forty-Five Club home. Some things are certainly different around this MC, but I guess not that different...

"Who scored the Rolex?" asks one of the women, a curvy beauty with pale skin and auburn hair, "Very impressive."

"That would be me," answers another, a blonde waif with an airy voice and wing-like shoulder blades, "I don't know what it is with men and their watches. They're so attached. You'd think they were paying me with their first born children or something..."

"Check this out," grins a tattooed brunette with plump lips, "Dude gave me his grandfather's cufflinks when he couldn't scrounge up enough cash. Now that's dedication."

"Or delusion, whatever," quips a short girl rocking a platinum blonde pixie cut, "But I guess delusion is of our bread and butter, right?"

"I'll drink to that," says the auburn-haired goddess.

The four women raise their glasses, laughing together. It's only then that they spot me, standing off in the shadows. As one, they spin to face me on their stools, curious and more than a little intimidating. I very rarely feel mousy, but in this instant, I may as well have braces and pigtails. There's a raw, unbridled sexuality to these women that I've simply never encountered before. It's almost overpowering.

"You know we're closed for the day, right honey?" grins the tattooed girl, "And we don't have open auditions. This isn't Coyote Ugly."

"Oh, I'm not here to...I'm the new..." I try to force the right words out of my mouth, to no avail. These girls have me all tongue-tied.

"Oh! Are you Leo's new girl?" asks the blonde waif, cocking her head at me.

"Something like that," I reply.

"Oh yeah. He said something about you stopping by," sniffs the redhead, "You're gonna be our IT girl or whatever, right?"

"In name, at least," I tell her, "But I'm pretty sure Leo's not as concerned about my computer skills as he is my bedroom skills."

"Ooh, so you're all caught up," the girl with the pixie-cut laughs, "I was afraid you might not know the real score. It's not every woman who's OK with being a real life sex toy."

"...Right," I say. It's all I can manage.

"Look at us, forgetting our manners," says the woman with the auburn hair, "We haven't even asked your name yet."

"I'm Kelly," I say, taking a step toward them, "Kelly Rodgers."

"Hi Kelly. I'm Quinn," says the redhead, shifting her weight on the stool. She wears emerald green lingerie, looking every bit the Celtic sex goddess.

"My name's Emma," says the waif, her delicate features lifting into a light smile. Her ethereal outfit makes her look like an angelic wet dream incarnate.

"You can call me Blaire," the tattooed girl tells me, straightening her rhinestone-encrusted bustier. Her Betty Paige bangs and wide grin tell me that we're going to be fast friends.

"And I'm Rachel," says the short-haired girl, the youngest looking of them all. There's a smattering of freckles across her nose and a charming gap in her front tooth-a disarming and adorable combination.

Each of the women is of a distinct type. But at the same time, they defy the typical stripper cliches. I don't think I've met anyone quite like any of them before. They don't seem like any of the exotic dancers I've met in the past, not that I've met many. They seem empowered, and smart, and not-to-be-fucked-with. I like them all immediately. Almost makes me wish I was one of them...almost.

"You are one lucky girl, landing our VP," Blaire says, sipping heartily on her blood mary, "That Leo is quite the ride."

"Oh..." I say, "You've...slept with him, then?"

"Oh yeah, tons of times," she says, "I love a good roll in the hay with Leo. You should see what he can do with a length of rope and a blindfold."

"Oh, I love the blindfold," Quinn chirps.

"Me too," Emma adds, "Especially when it's just a bandana he's been wearing or something. So sexy."

"For sure. I guess that makes all of us who've had him," Rachel says, "Right, Kelly?"

"Um..." I say lamely, "Actually..."

"Oh my god. He hasn't nailed you yet?" Blaire exclaims, "That's so...sweet!"

"Not like him at all," Emma says.

"He's usually a fuck first, ask questions later sort of guy," Quinn nods.

"You must really rate," Rachel smiles, "He's got something special in mind for you, I bet. So cool."

"I guess I'm not really clear on the etiquette of all this," I laugh, "I think he's just trying to make me desperate."

"You've never been around an MC before, have you?" Rachel asks.

"I was a bit, when I was a kid-seventeen or so," I reply.

"That's how old I-" Rachel begins to exclaim, but the other girls hush her.

"That's how old you were last year, right Rach?" Quinn corrects her pointedly.

"Oh. Right. Of course," Rachel replies, giving me an exaggerated wink, "But you were saying, Kelly?"

"Just that I almost came around as a sweet butt when I was your...approximate...age," I say, "My cousin Matthew is a member of the SoCal chapter-"

"Oh, I know Matthew!" Emma exclaims.

"Biblically?" I ask.

"Of course," she says, rolling her eyes.

"So, you're back after all these years to finally give club life a go?" Blaire asks me, "Why the change of heart?"

"Went through a nasty breakup," I shrug, "Realized I didn't like the life I was living. So, I decided to try another path."

"That takes guts," Blaire nods, "We can all speak to that. Good on you, Kelly."

"Thanks," I say, "It was a pretty impulsive decision, but I'm glad I'm here."

"Make yourself at home," Emma says, "This is the one place in the Devil's Nest where the women are in charge."

"Sure, the Wraiths think they call the shots in the Playpen," Quinn laughs, "But they have no idea that we're the ones with all the power."

"We've got them twisted around our pretty little fingers," Rachel grins.

"But hey, it's mutually beneficial," Blaire shrugs, "We and the other girls bring them in a shit ton of money, we get a great gig and good protection from low lifes and pimps."

"How many girls work here?" I ask.

"About twenty or so," Quinn says, "There's kind of a quick turnover. Not every girl can hold her own against the Wraiths. The four of us have risen through the ranks. We're kind of like Playpen royalty."

"Celebrities is more like it," Emma says, "You'd be amazed how many suckers come all the way out from Vegas to meet us."

"Word spreads pretty fast in our line of work," Rachel smiles, "But we get a little boost from our web presence."

"Web presence?" I ask, "You guys have a website for the Playpen or something?"

"Or something," Blaire grins, "You see, we all come from a...film background."

"Oh. You're porn actresses," I say, catching on, "That's why you have followings."

"Porn stars," Quinn corrects me, "Each and every one of us."

"And now that you're here, we can finally get back to our roots. I miss the camera," Emma sighs.

"What do you mean, now that I'm here?" I ask.

"Well, we heard all about how you're a computer genius," Rachel says excitedly, "So the girls and I were thinking-what if we launched a brand new site, just for the girls who work at the Devil's Playpen? You could help us get it up and running, and we could provide all the content in the world. If we built up our stable of bona fide porn stars, men would make freaking pilgrimages to come here."

"You want me to help you...build a porn site..." I say slowly, looking around at the gorgeous women. If only my nerdy male Berkeley classmates could see me now. They'd drop their cushy Silicon Valley jobs and be here in a heartbeat.

"Yeah!" Blaire exclaims, "It'll be awesome. We could go the feminist porn route, really be in charge of what we create."

"I don't really know the first thing about porn," I tell them.

"You don't have to be in front of the camera," Emma laughs, "Just behind the keyboard."

"We'll give you some time to think about it," Quinn allows, "But trust me. You want in on this. We could make so much bank for ourselves and the Wraiths, it wouldn't even be funny."

A porn company...me? Is it crazy that I'm not totally appalled by the idea? Porn stars making films that are run by women sounds like a pretty alright idea to me. Too bad I'm only going to be here long enough to get Kassie back. Otherwise, I might just jump on board. But I can't let them know that I'm not planning on sticking around. Have to keep my cover, after all.

"You know what? I'll think about it," I tell the girls.

"Really?" Rachel asks excitedly

"Really," I promise, "But for right now, I want to focus on getting the hang of things around here. I bet I could actually do some good for the club with my computer skills. I doubt that anyone's tinkered with the operating systems around here since the nineties. Mind if I head on back to the office and get the lay of the land?"

"You do you," Quinn says, "We're gonna head out once we divvy up the booty anyway."

"See you guys later," I say, heading for the office.

"I like her," Rachel whispers to the others as I retreat, "Too bad she doesn't dance. She could bring in big money, I bet."

"Money we know how to get," Blaire replies, "It's exposure we need."

"Besides, she's Leo's," Emma points out, "No way she's getting anywhere near a pole."

"Lucky girl," Quinn sighs, "I wouldn't mind having him to myself."

"Lucky girl," I hear them chorus, as I slip into the office and close the door behind me.

I need to be careful around those girls. Their ballsy attitudes and persuasive arguments might lure me further into this club than I can afford to go. Better keep my head down and figure out where Kassie is before I get in over my head. Or lose my head entirely.

"Let's see what you've got for me," I mutter, plunking myself down in front of the ancient computer.

To my surprise, the thing is actually turned on. I guess that the Wraiths aren't totally analog, after all. Anarchists they may be, but I guess everyone is on the grid these days. I roll the wheezing office chair closer to the screen and wipe away a thin layer of dust that's settled there. Forget an IT girl, this place needs a cleaning service. But something tells me that cleanliness isn't exactly next to godliness around here.

"Alright," I murmur, taking a deep breath, "Here goes nothing."

Alone at last with the Wraiths' computer system, I start digging hard. I have no idea what I'm looking for, exactly. I just need some little scrap of information that might lead me to Kassie. Or failing that, something that can help me understand why the Wraiths went so far as to abduct her. And now that they have her, what are they planning to do? Where do they stand with the Nine, now?

Thankfully, it seems that none of the Wraiths are very big on digital security. Their files and data are practically at my fingertips. I don't even need to bust out any of my high school hacking knowledge to get inside their records. The first thing I come across is personnel and accounting information. MC bookkeeping, as it were. The names and photos of each member of the Las Vegas Devil's Wraiths MC are mine to study. And study I do.

I already know Mac, the white-haired president. I find out, after a little reading, that he's the son of a founding member of the Wraiths. After World War II, Mac's father helped build this club from the ground up. Pretty impressive. Mac is the oldest member of the Las Vegas MC, and has been the president for years. His criminal records read like a novel, and I'm slightly alarmed to find that he's been to jail for nothing less than murder. I know I shouldn't be surprised, but damn...these guys are not messing around.

I've already met two other members, Sparky and Fiver. They weren't kidding about their names being job descriptions. Sparky, the red-bearded brother, has been locked up for arson more than a few times, as has Fiver for grand theft. Sparky serves as the secretary of the chapter, Fiver as the treasurer-I have to smile at the black humor, there.

The Las Vegas chapter's sergeant at arms is a grizzled, barrel-chested bear named, well, Bear. He and Mac served in the army together, and he has quite the less-than-legal track record himself. The chapter's road captain, Tyke, is the youngest of the crew, an Iraq war vet with a blonde crew cut and intense eyes.

Two of the newest members I recognize from the night Kassie was abducted. Buck, the big southern guy, looks like an overgrown farm boy. He transferred from a Texas chapter of the Wraiths not too long ago. Dewey, the one who spoke so intensely, turns out to be quite the brainiac. He actually got through two years of law school before running in the entirely opposite direction and joining up with the Wraiths. Hey, I'm sure a bit of legal counsel goes a long way around here.

That just leaves the chapter's VP, my very own Leo. I save his files for last, nervous about spying on him. But in the end, that's exactly what I'm here to do. I take a deep breath and get to work, pulling up everything I can about the man who's claimed me for his own. There's not as much information to be found on Leo as the others, but I certainly learn a thing or two.

For one, it turns out that Leo is his real name. Leo Bane. He's thirty-three, only seven years my senior. He doesn't appear to be married, divorced, or a widower. So that's good. But he does seem to have spent a bit of time in jail for assault. I was afraid of that. But hey, I don't have to marry the guy. I just have to be his fuck buddy for a few days while I help sort this mess out between the Wraiths and the Nine. His past is his own business.

Once I gather some intel on the eight members of the Las Vegas chapter, it's time to track down some correspondence. These guys may lead pretty computer-free lives, but everyone uses email. In no time at all, I figure out a way to access the messages coming and going from this computer, and the others in the Devil's Nest. And it's not because of my computer skills that I'm able to sneak in like this. It's for no other reason than that the Wraiths don't seem to understand the concept of signing out of their accounts or ever clearing their internet histories.

"Jackpot," I mutter, as I find my way right into Mac's email account.

I scroll through a bunch of junk, sifting through Viagra and penis pump offers, looking for something I can actually use. Searching through his sent messages, I start to find some interesting exchanges. He's sent out quite a few requests to other chapters lately, asking different parties if they have any extra "storage space":

Got some new cargo need a safe place to stash her.

"Stash her?" I mutter to myself. Could he possibly mean Kassie?

I sort through the responses to his requests, but none of his correspondents seem to have offered up their services. But one message, sent to Buck, Dewey, and Leo himself, might just contain some answers.

Bring the cargo back here tonight. I think I've found a place for her. It's not as far away as we wanted, but it'll have to do. Make sure you don't bruise her along the way.

So Kassie is relatively close, and ostensibly not bruised. All of this is good news. I glance at the clock on the computer before I keep digging. Hours have already passed as I've dredged up what dirt I can on the Wraiths. For all I know, Leo could be back any minute. Better make sure I'm not in the middle of sorting through Mac's email when he gets here.

I pull out my phone and shoot Declan a quick note.

She's close. Still working on where, exactly. Orders were given not to hurt her.

Declan--Keep digging. Try and coax it out of your lover boy. And you know to delete these texts after you send them, right?

Of course. I'm not actually a drooling moron.

Declan--Your words. Not mine.

Any news from you?

Declan--We're retracing our meetings with other clubs, seeing if anyone might have said something misleading to the Wraiths. But that doesn't seem to be the case. No one can tell us what gossip pissed them off.

What about Sam? Any new details?

Declan--You just worry about Kassie. Leave prying about Sam to us.

Before I can reply, I hear the sound of engines closing in on the strip club. My heart slams against my rib cage as I hurriedly delete Declan's messages off my phone. I close down all of the records and accounts I have open on the computer, covering my tracks. Just as I'm straightening my tight black top and smoothing down my hair, the office door bursts open. Leo steps across the threshold, looking larger than life in this tiny space.

"Leo...Are you OK?" I breathe, letting my eyes trail up and down the length of his body. His face is flushed, his forehead dotted with sweat. His chest is heaving, and his hands are balled into tight fists. There's a broad grin spread across his face, the first true smile I've ever seen him wear. He looks like he's just walked out a boxing ring. Come to think of it, that may be the case.

"I'm great," he tells me, "Just brought in a couple grand for the club."

"In the ring?" I ask.

"How did you know that?" he replies sharply, his smile wavering.

Oh shit. Kassie was the one who told me about Leo's boxing career. He and Declan have that in common.

"One of the girls told me," I say vaguely, gesturing toward the strip club proper, "I figured that might have been where you were headed."

"You figured right," he says, crossing his thick arms, "Just a casual afternoon brawl. All in a day's work."

"Well, congratulations," I offer, "I'm glad you won."

"You should be glad," he tells me, taking a step toward the desk, "Because I have something of a post-fight ritual that I need your help with."

My heart leaps. I can only imagine what a guy like Leo prefers to do after winning a fight. I hope it involves me, flat on my back beneath him.

"Do tell?" I breathe, leaning toward him over the desk.

"After a fight," he growls, running his hands down my bare arms, "There's nothing I like more than having a good-"

"Lay?" I ask hopefully.

"Home cooked meal," he corrects me with a wink.

"I should have guessed," I mutter, shoving my hands through my hair. I'm all pent up, crazy to get in bed with this guy. And all he can think about is his stomach.

"So, get your stuff," he tells me, "Let's get a move on."

"I'm sorry?" I say, "Where are we going?"

"Back to my place," he says, "What, you think I'm going to cook for myself?"

"You...want me to cook for you?" I ask, staring up at his grinning face.

"I do," he says, "It's part of your job description."

"That's news to me," I tell him.

"Well, surprise," he laughs, "Now come on. I'm starving."

"I'm kind of in the middle of something..." I say, gesturing toward the computer, "Your accounts are a mess, here. I've only just started going through them. I could use a couple of hours to-"

"Babe," he cuts me off, "Drop it. Come play housewife for me."

"I'm not exactly experienced on that front," I say, crossing my arms.

"Well, that's about to change," he informs me, "You can cook, right?"

"Yeah, but-"

"That's all I need to know," he says, taking my hand and pulling me to my feet, "I like my steaks rare, by the way."

I'm about to protest again, but the look in Leo's eye makes me snap my jaw shut. He looks happy and hungry-perhaps for more than just a good steak. Maybe, once I show off my domestic charms, he'll finally make good on his promise and take me to bed (or the floor, or the kitchen counter, I'm not picky). Besides, I can't seem to find any more information on the Wraith's Nest computer. Maybe there will be something at his house that'll give me some idea about Kassie's whereabouts.

"Fine," I sigh, "Let's go."

Leo all but carries me out of the Devil's Playpen. The four girls I met earlier today look on as we dash by, smiling knowingly. It's just past three in the afternoon, and the rest of the Playpen girls are reporting for duty. I have to admit, I don't mind being absent for the evening. I'm not too keen on meeting any more assholes like the guys who harassed me this morning. Not while I could be playing house with Leo instead.

We pass by my car entirely. I don't even bother asking Leo if I can take it-there's no way he's leading a yuppie car like mine around. His Harley is waiting for us across the lot, parked in front of the Wraiths' chapel. As we approach, a handful of members saunter out of the low building, each producing a pack of smokes and lighting up.

I recognize them all, now. Some from brief encounters, and some from the research I did this afternoon. My blood heats up a few degrees as I spot Buck and Dewey. I may be hot for Leo, but I don't forgive any of them for what they did to me and girls at the Forty-Five Club. Not yet. Not until I know that Kassie is safe, at the very least.

With Buck and Dewey are Bear and Tyke-the only members I've yet to meet in the flesh. Bear is even more grizzled in real life, sporting long tangled hair and a big bushy beard. Tyke, on the other hand, looks as chiseled and clean shaven as any West Point man. The members of the Wraiths are just as different from each other as the Nine, but as a whole these men seem a lot less likely to suffer fools. There's a dangerous, unpredictable quality about the Wraiths that just doesn't seem to be in the Nine's collective DNA.

"There's the champ," Bear howls at Leo, "Nice fight today, son."

"Thanks, Bear," Leo says, clapping the man on the back, "Not like the other guy stood a chance, but still. Always good to walk away on top."

"Didn't kill him, did you?" Dewey asks, "That's bad PR, Leo."

"Nah. Pretty sure he was still breathing," Leo shrugs.

"That's why it's a smart move, stayin' away from mainstream fights," Buck drawls, "Don't havta worry about folks gettin' all antsy if someone happens to go into a coma."

Leo notices my shocked expression. "That only happened once," he assures me.

"Oh," I say softly, "That's...good."

"This your new piece?" Bear asks, raking his eyes along my body.

"I'm Kelly," I offer, "How's it going?"

"Not as good as it's going for Leo," Bear chuckles, "You take good care of him, now. He's a man with needs."

"So I gather," I reply.

"She sounds all smart-like," Buck observes, "You smart and shit, Kelly?"

"That I am," I tell him, "That's not going to be a problem, is it?"

"Not as long as you remember your place," Buck says.

"And what place might that be?" I ask, getting heated.

"Right now, on the back of my bike," Leo cuts in, "Let's go."

"Nice to meet you," Tyke says, finally speaking with a clipped formality. There's still a lot of the military in this one.

"You too," I say to him alone. Have to reward manners when they crop up, after all.

I hop on the back of Leo's bike and shove a helmet over my curls. The four brothers stare at me unabashedly, but their faces are unreadable. I have no idea whether I'm any more welcome here than I was at the Forty-Five Club. But at least here, I know there's one person who wants me around.

I wrap my arms around Leo's chest as he revs the engine. We jolt off across the lot, his Harley roaring to life beneath me. Leo's muscles ripple beneath my hands as he guides the bike away from the Wraith's Nest. We soar away from the chapel, the barracks, the Playpen-just me and him. I'm coming to love these rides more than anything in the world. I know it's stupid of me-after all, in a few days this crazy adventure will be over. I shouldn't get used to this sort of thing. I just have to enjoy it while it lasts. And oh, do I intend to.

Chapter Twelve

"This is where you live?" I shout over the engine. My voice is full of amazement and downright disbelief.

"Yep," Leo says, turning onto a long driveway, "Home sweet home."

We pull up to a gorgeous, modern house-all glass and angles mixed with classical Southwestern touches. I was expecting some sort of gritty bachelor pad in Reno. This...is very much not what I had in mind.

"Lemme guess," he says, cutting the engine, "Thought I'd be livin' in filth, right?"

"Kind of," I admit.

"Just because I ride dirty, doesn't mean I want to live somewhere dirty," he says, helping me off the Harley, "I don't make money just to live in some shit hole."

"No, I see that," I say, looking all around the generous property. Leo's home stands on a hillside, part of a neighborhood of equally impressive homes scattered across the land. But the closest neighbors are well of out sight and mind. We may as well be alone in the world up here. And that's just fine with me.

Leo leads me into his home, disarming the security system that beeps like mad as we enter. I gape at the sleek, tasteful interior. Sure, there are edgy touches here and there-framed Harley antiques and the like-but on the whole, Leo's place is one of the nicer homes I've seen. And I spent a good deal of time hanging around monied arts patrons in LA.

"Take a look around if you like," he says, heading for the stairs, "Kitchen's right through there, though. Should be able to find everything you need."

"Where are you going?" I ask, moving to follow him.

"I need a shower," he tells me, "A little sore, after this afternoon. Make yourself comfortable. I'll be down in a second."

I watch him ascend the stairs and disappear from view. I'm alone in Leo's home, left to my own devices. I know that I should take advantage of this opportunity, do a little searching for clues. By my mind is entirely consumed with the fact that Leo's about to be stark naked under the same roof as me. I can't focus on steaks or snooping right now. With my heart in my throat, I pad up the stairs after him.

The shower starts to run, somewhere down the hall. I hear the rushing water as I make my way along the second story corridor. Framed pictures line the walls, showcasing faces both familiar and unknown to me. I'm desperately curious about Leo's life. Who is this person who's so ensnared my interest? Who is this man who's claimed me for his own? Perhaps I'll never know him, fully. But I know at least one way to get to know him better...

Steam pours out from under the bathroom door, right at the end of the hallway. It's open just a crack, and I pause before it, working up the nerve to enter. Just do it, I coach myself, What's the worst that could happen?

Slowly, tentatively, I push open the bathroom door. For a moment, my vision is completely obscured by thick, billowing steam. But as the hot haze clears, I can sense the shape of the room. It's a palatial, spa-like space, with a huge Jacuzzi bath tub in one corner, and a glass-encased shower in the other. And through those foggy panes of glass, I can make out the staggering, utterly naked form of Leo himself.

His back is turned to me, but even from here I can read the words scrawled across his shoulders: "Devil's Wraith". The letters scroll across his tanned skin, inky black against warm sand. I ease toward him across the tile, my body trembling as I take in his broad shoulders, his cut arms, his tapered waist. I nearly moan out loud as I catch a glimpse of his perfectly toned ass, his lean and powerful thighs, his sculpted calves. His body is perfectly balanced, the picture of ideal tone and shape. And all this I gather before he even turns around.

"You lost, little girl?" he growls, spotting me out of the corner of his eye. He turns around to face me, dark hair hanging heavy and wet. I can't help it. My eagerness is too great. I let my eyes drop to that place between his legs and stop dead in my tracks.

I stare, speechless, at that massive length between his legs. Miraculously, he's hard even now. My first glimpse of his enormous member leaves me unable to speak. I've never thought of a man's cock as beautiful before, but now? That thick, pulsing rod, poised and ready, is the most gorgeous thing I've ever seen.

"I was thinking about you," he says, his voice muffled through the glass. "Down there in the kitchen, making me a good meal, looking sexy as hell in your little apron. Got hard just imagining you here."

"I can see that..." I whisper, walking slowly toward him, "I hope you don't mind waiting a bit for dinner. I'm not sure I can make myself leave this room, now."

"You like what you see," Leo tells me, straightening up beneath the stream of hot water, "I know how much you want my cock, babe."

"I want all of you," I tell him, "Please. Let me."

He doesn't speak for a long moment, mulling over my plea. A wicked grin lifts the corners of his lips as he gets an idea.

"You went against a direct order from me," he observes, "That took guts, coming up here. I like a woman with a backbone. I like a woman who disobeys me every once in a while. Stay here with me. I'll give you what you want, but only if you do the same. And right now, what I want is for you to strip."

"Right here?" I ask, looking around the room.

"Right there," he says, "Not another step until you're out of those clothes. Every last stitch, you hear me?"

I swallow hard, too turned on to speak. My sex is already throbbing, wet and ready, at the nearness of Leo. He's so close, his naked body encased before me like a priceless artifact in a museum-a marble statue of an ancient god. Keeping my gaze locked on Leo, I lift up the hem of my top with trembling fingers. I draw the shirt up over my head, revealing my toned torso, my barely constrained and heaving chest.

"Mmm..." he moans. I can practically see his cock hardening from here. "Christ, Kelly. I can't stand how sexy you are. Show me more."

My stomach flips with excitement. I love turning him on like this. I hook my fingers into the waist of my jeans and slowly start to slide them down my legs. Leo watches like a hungry animal as I step out of my pants, kicking them across the tile floor. I stand before him in nothing but a lacy black bra and skimpy matching panties. I knew it was a good idea to slip into my sexy underwear today. My entire body feels flushed with sensation, just from having his eyes on me.

"You dressed for me," he grins.

"I was hoping," I say breathlessly.

"Keep going," he insists, rivulets of water streaming over his perfect muscles, "You get to see all of me, right? I want to see all of you."

Happy to be obedient for once, I reach around and unclasp my bra, letting the garment fall away. My breasts spill out of their confines, and Leo groans throatily. Egged on by his desire, I tug my tiny black panties down over the rise of my ass and kick them away. The hot steam tickles every inch of me as I stand before Leo without a stitch between us. Goosebumps race across my skin as thick anticipation pumps through my veins.

"So?" I breathe, "You like what you see?"

"I love what I see," he growls.

"All of it?" I ask, spinning around slowly. I give him a better view of my tight, toned ass-one of my sexiest qualities, I've been told. I've been blessed with a tiny frame and womanly curves, and have never been afraid to flaunt them.

"I like every inch," he rasps, "But now, I want to see you up close."

A rush of joy floods my brain. I feel high on desire, staring at him across the room. This is it. The moment I've been dreaming about for weeks, ever since the first time I laid eyes on Leo outside the Forty-Five Club. How many times have I imagined our naked bodies coming together, moving as one? I can hardly believe that I'm not dreaming, now.

"Come here," he growls, opening the shower door. A wave of steam spills out, the warmth beckoning me forward. As if I needed any extra incentive to run straight into Leo's arms. I know that it's impulsive, maybe even dangerous, to get in deep with this man. But no power in Heaven or Earth could stop me now.

I make my way forward, savoring this brand new feeling. I've never wanted a man so much in my life, I'm almost overwhelmed with the intensity of my need. I come to a stop in the shower doorway, the warm mist of the water making my curls damp. Leo braces himself against the walls of the shower, his arms spread wide. I'm almost afraid to touch his perfect body, afraid of the sway it holds over me. Will I be hooked now? Unable to get out before I get hurt? Anything could happen with this deliciously unpredictable man. But despite the protestations of my mind, I know that my body and my heart can't resist him. Not that they'd want to try.

"Jesus. Look at you..." he says, as I step into the shower, "It's fucking sinful, how gorgeous you are."

"I want you to look at me," I whisper, closing the door tightly behind me. "I love your eyes on me, Leo. I love showing myself to you."

"If that's true," he says, taking a step toward me, "You're going to adore the things my hands can do."

I gasp as he takes hold of me with those strong hands and spins me around. He steps up behind me, pressing his rippling chest against my back. His arms are the only thing keeping me from melting, running down the drain with the swirling water. My eyes flutter shut as I feel his stiff cock brush against my ass. I go to reach for that gorgeous length, but he catches my hands.

"Hands off," he growls, running his hands over my slight shoulders, down my arms.

"Touch me..." I moan, pressing back against him. His manhood throbs lustily against me, erasing every errant thought from my mind. I want every inch of my body covered with those knowing hands. I want to lose myself in the feel of him against me. "I want you to touch me everywhere, Leo."

His fingers trace down along my sides, the dip of my waist, the swell of my hips. My head falls back against his firm chest as the hot water streams over us. I reach up and clasp my fingers around his neck, opening myself to his searching fingers. I want him to know that he can do whatever he wants with me.

Leo's lips find my neck as he cups my breasts in his strong hands. I shiver with delight as he runs his thumbs over the hard points of my nipples. Those twin points stand erect and tender, begging to be touched. I'm soaking wet between my legs, mad for the feel of him there. As if reading my mind, Leo looses his hands once more. His fingers trail across my lean stomach, down over the points of my hips, coming to rest against my inner thighs.

"Keep going," I beg, "Please Leo. I need you-"

He nips my neck, just hard enough. I gasp at the sudden spark of pain amidst so much pleasure. "Don't you worry," he growls, "I'm going to take good care of you, Kelly."

I cry out as he runs two thick fingers along the length of my slit. I've been dying to feel him touch me this way. Dreaming about it. Leo takes his time, going deeper and deeper with every pass. He strokes along my pink flesh, as if memorizing the feel of me. His lips trail all across my neck and chest as his fingers work along my sex-it's almost too much at once, and yet not nearly enough. I want to be consumed, obliterated, rebuilt, all by him.

"Oh god..." I moan, as he finally slides his fingers inside of me, flexing against that spongy, sensitive flesh. I have to brace myself against the shower wall as he strokes that spot within me, rendering me speechless. I hold myself up with my trembling arms, arching my back as he goes ever deeper with his masterful touch.

"You like that?" he breathes, bringing his spare hand to my sex, "Just wait..."

An elated scream rises from my throat as he finds my throbbing clit with his fingers. He rolls that aching nub with his fingertips, tracing delicious circles as he presses further up into my trembling body. Ripples of sensation roll through my every limb, and my knees start to shake uncontrollably. I cling onto the wall, overcome with the intensity of my bliss. He's stroking every perfect spot, unlocking extremes of pleasure I've never known before.

"Leo..." I gasp, looking back at him over my shoulder, "I'm gonna come, Leo-"

"Come for me," he growls, pressing his body up against mine, pinning me to the cool tile wall, "I want you to come for me, baby."

He bears down on my clit, kneading with perfect, gentle force as his fingers hit my g-spot dead on. My mouth opens in a wordless moan as I tumble over the edge, coming hard and fast into his expert hands. My orgasm is more intense than anything I've ever felt with another person. My entire body is alight, aflame with feeling. The moment surges through me like a wildfire, leaving me spent and raw in its wake.

And, in this instant, I know I'll never be the same.

Before I can take a second to recover, Leo's spun me around to face him. My back presses up against the tile as he closes the space between us, his raging erection pointed straight ahead. And as spent as I am from the ride he just gave me, I know that I need more of him, right away. A wicked smile spreads across his face as I wrap my lean arms around his broad shoulders.

"Ready for more?" he asks.

"That's what you get for giving me a taste," I murmur, grinding my hips against his hard member, "Don't tell me you're going to cut me off already? I can take so much more of you..."

"Wouldn't dream of it," he moans, as I trail my hands down the firm panes of his chest.

My fingers skirt along his inked skin, bumping across each perfectly defined muscle. They trace the v of his waist, trembling with excitement. Finally, at long last, I take Leo's mighty cock in my eager hands. A low growl rings from the very core of him at my touch. I wrap my fingers around his thick shaft, amazed at the sheer size of him. He plants his hands against the wall as I work my fingers down the length of him, running my thumbs along the smooth ridge of his head.

"Your hands feel so good on me, baby," he groans, "You know just how to handle me."

His long dark hair hangs about his shoulders in gorgeous snaking tresses. Hips buck toward me with every stroke of my fingers. I have him. This insanely powerful, devastatingly sexy man is in my grasp, now. And I don't mean to let go anytime soon. I glance down at his massive cock, marveling at its smooth length, the pulsing promise of it. I simply can't resist it, can't resist him.

"Babe..." he breathes, as I drop to my knees before him.

"Mhmm?" I sigh, trailing kisses down along his cut abs.

"You're incredible," he says, as I tighten my grasp around his cock, ever-so-slightly. His golden eyes are leveling on my upturned face, his expression is consumed with wonder and adoration. A thrill sparks through my heart at his words. It's the closest to affectionate he's come since I've known him.

"You're the sexiest man I've ever seen up close," I tell him, "I want to know what you feel like. What you taste like."

"Baby, you're gonna get it all," he growls, his fiery eyes gleaming.

With a swift grin, I bring my mouth to the throbbing tip of his cock. I let my gaze flick up to his as I part my lips. With my hands wrapped tightly around his thick shaft, I bring his head into my mouth, closing my eyes in bliss. My tongue glances against his pulsating flesh, drawing a low groan from his lips. I savor the feel of him, filling up my mouth. I bob my head, taking a little more of his massive member inside with every pass.

There's no way I could take all of him this way, he's far too huge. I need both hands and my mouth to even come close. But I'll be damned if I'm not going to try. Faster and faster I move along the length of him, relishing the taste of his cock as it rocks my senses. I suck hard and strong, lavishing every inch of him. He bucks his hips toward me, driving even more of his manhood into my mouth. I can feel him growing even harder between my lips, and I absolutely love it.

"You've got me close, babe..." he pants, his body roiling with contained sensation.

"Let go then," I breathe, coming up for air, "I can take you. I can drink up every last drop of you-"

"I've got a better idea," he growls.

I gasp as he grabs me by the waist, plucking me up off my knees as if I were weightless. He lifts me into the air, pressing my back hard against the slick tile wall. I wrap my legs around his tapered waist, my moans rising in the steamy air as I feel his cock, hard against my slick sex. I clutch onto his massive shoulders, locking eyes with him. The very tip of his member is poised against my body. For a moment, time seems to stand still. It's just me and Leo, finally giving into our basest, most primal needs.

"Aren't you glad I made you wait?" he growls, his grin wide and fierce.

"You win," I pant, "Now fuck me, goddammit."

With a wild look in his golden eyes, he thrusts his thick cock into me, pinning me against the wall. My mouth falls open in a wordless cry and my eyes roll into the back of my head as I feel that massive member drive straight into me, filling me up. I wrap my legs even tighter, drawing him in as far as he can go. We buck against each other, ferocious and free. Leo slams into me again and again, his rigid length colliding with my most tender, intimate flesh. He opens me to him, driving deeper and faster than I ever imagined possible.

A deep, surging pressure radiates out from my core, growing with every passing second. His every thrust glances against my clit, sending shockwaves of pleasure throughout my body. I cling onto Leo's unstoppable form, raking my fingers along his muscled back. I've never felt anything this shattering, this powerful. I'm almost afraid to face it. But just as I'm about to retreat from the enormity of what's passing between us, Leo turns my face to his and kisses me. His deep, searing kiss levels all of my defenses. I'm vulnerable, and raw, and entirely his. With our lips locked, he drives into me with deafening, incredible might. And together, we give in.

Leo comes hard, a thick burst filling up every inch of me as we ride our wave of roaring pleasure. Our cries of ecstasy rise together in the steam-filled air, bouncing against the bathroom walls. He gushes into me with amazing force as ripples of sensation course along my every nerve. It feels, for a spell, like this moment will be endless. That we'll stay suspended like this together, alone in our haze of bliss and passion.

But what goes up must come down. From the peaks of pleasure, well above anywhere I've been transported to before, we drift back down to earth. I let my head fall against his shoulder, suspended against his heaving body. We breathe into each other, still connected in that most intimate way as the shower rains down upon us. Finally, with controlled gentleness, Leo lowers me back onto my own two feet. I blink up at him through the steam, completely at a loss for words.

"Well...shit," I mutter. It's all I can manage.

"You're a great fuck," he laughs, tucking a damp curl behind my ear. His voice is low-gentle, even. The cast of his eyes has changed. He's still as playful and cutting as ever, but there's something knowing about his gaze that makes me feel perfectly safe.

"Leo," I begin, "That was..."

"I know," he cuts me off, "No words. I know."

I shake my head, amazed at every turn by this man. How can one person be so aloof and intimidating, and yet so perceptive and insightful? But of course, Leo is hardly just some person. He's the most incredible man I've ever met. Bar none.

"Come here," he says, grabbing a bottle of body wash from the shower rack, "Nothing like cleaning up after a good, dirty shower, am I right?"

I laugh as he tugs me beneath the hot stream, lathering up his hands and running them all along my body. I grab the bottle and follow suit, sudsing up his tight muscles. I let my hands roam all over his body, lingering and learning the shape of him. We're all but silent, exploring one another. His hands are surprisingly tender, now, and no wonder. We've finally had each other the way we've been dying to, after all. We've shared something that can never be taken back. And I couldn't be happier.

My eyes drink up every inch of him, every intricate tattoo and cut muscle. Here and there, my fingers alight on scars, some old and some new. Long lacerations, shallow pockmarks, even something that looks an awful lot like a bite mark...this body of his has certainly been through the ringer. I wonder about the history of his wounds, what his life has been up until now. It almost makes me want to weep, imagining the things he's been through. Or perhaps it's knowing that I'll probably never be able to understand his pain that hurts most of all.

When we're scrubbed clean, Leo cuts off the water and steps around me to fetch a couple of towels. He tosses one to me, water droplets streaming down his hard body. He wraps a towel around the v of his waist, shrouding that glorious cock of his from view once more. I step out after him, catching a glimpse of us in the foggy bathroom mirror. I'm disarmed by this domestic-seeming scene-a couple stepping out of the shower together, relaxed and happy in each other's company. What if I could truly have this kind of intimacy with someone? And what if that someone was Leo after all?

"So, what does this make me now?" I ask, clutching the plush towel to my naked body, "Your house mouse? Your sweetie?"

"Truth be told, I don't know if there's a word that does you justice," he laughs, "You'll just have to be my woman, my property. How does that sound?"

"Sounds like something I could get behind," I smile.

"Good," he says, taking my face in his mighty hands, "How about that steak?"

Chapter Thirteen

I may have spent my college years subsisting on midnight pizza and ramen, and my LA years chugging kale smoothies, but this girl still knows how to throw an excellent meal together, fit for the hungriest of men. My sisters and I were left to our own devices for most of our childhood, after all. And as the youngest, and therefore easiest to push around, I ended up shouldering a lot of the cooking burden. It seems to have finally paid off now, though, as I set to work whipping up a feast for my very own Wraith.

"Look at you," Leo smiles, strolling into the kitchen as I cook away, "Just when I thought you couldn't get any hotter..."

My curls are pulled into a high ponytail, and I stand before the stove in nothing but one of Leo's tee shirts. My bare feet rock against the floor as I stir and simmer, very pleased with myself. I never imagined that cooking for a man could feel satisfying-I've never tried it before. But I have to admit, I'm getting a kick out of this little adventure into domesticity.

"Hope you've worked up an appetite," I say, doing my best sexy housewife impression.

"Between the fight this afternoon and the shower just now, you bet I have," he laughs, standing behind me as I oversee our meal.

He wraps his thick arms around my waist, content to just hold me as I cook. It's the simplest of touches, but it means more to me than a lot of the lays I've had in my life. There's something so honest about Leo. He doesn't pad his actions or words with romantic schmaltz or flowery sentiments. He says exactly what's on his mind, which means I can take every word at face value. I appreciate that-it's something I never knew I was missing until I found it.

"Why don't you go sit down, before you get me all worked up?" I say softly, rubbing my ass lightly against his crotch.

"Get you all worked up?" he laughs, running his hands over the rise of my rear, "What do you think you're doing to me?"

"I think I know," I laugh, shoving him lightly away, "Now go on. It's almost ready now."

Leo settles himself down at the kitchen table set for two, just before a tall, wide window, overlook the rolling hills all around us. The sun is just setting over the rusty landscape, casting an orange glow across Leo's face. I almost send one of the pans clattering to the floor, I'm so overcome by how gorgeous he is. His hardened features could have been carved out of marble, from his aquiline nose to his high cheekbones. Even his dark, scruffy beard is run through with hints of brilliant color. But of course, it's his eyes that do me in, as ever. In this perfect golden light, they're positively on fire. How did I ever get so lucky to spend even a few days in this man's presence?

Luck had nothing to do with it, I remind myself, he and his brothers attacked you, for fuck's sake. Don't forget that.

"Here we go," I say, forcing myself to sound chipper, despite my warring emotions, "Dinner is served, my dear."

"Looks great, babe," he says, helping me fill our plates.

"Didn't want you thinking I don't know my way around a kitchen," I smile, pleased with his praise despite myself. Coming from anyone else, all of this would sound incredibly condescending and dismissive. But Leo is so appreciative that I still feel like his equal all the while.

I really have whipped up a feast fit for a king (and his queen). Two perfectly seasoned steaks, a big bowl of roasted fingerling potatoes, grilled asparagus drizzled with olive oil, and a crusty loaf of garlic bread make up the menu tonight. I'm just glad Leo happened to have a stocked kitchen for me to work with. And truth be told, I'm just as glad to have found his liquor cabinet packed with the finest collection of whiskeys I've ever laid eyes on.

"To your victory," I say, raising a glass of amber liquor.

"Cheers."

"Look at you, all civilized and shit," I laugh, clinking my glass with his, "I have to tell you, Leo, I'm kind of surprised."

"I know I don't look it," he says, cutting into his juicy steak, "But I enjoy decent things."

"I can see that," I say, looking around his impressive home, "But it must feel like you're leading a double life. Going between here and the Nest, I mean."

"This is just where I live, the club is my life," he shrugs.

"Of course," I nod, spearing a head of asparagus onto my fork, "Do you mind if I ask...what your life was like, before you became a Wraith?"

Leo takes a moment to savor his steak before answering me. "This is perfect, babe," he says, "Sexy as fuck and a good cook? Christ. I knew you'd be a keeper."

"So I guess that means you're not going to tell me where you're from?" I reply, cocking an eyebrow at him.

"Not much to tell," he shrugs, "Grew up in a shitty neighborhood, had a rough go of it, and joined the Wraiths MC as soon as I could save up for my first Harley."

"How long have you been in the club?" I persist, taking a sip of whiskey.

"I told you, since I was a kid," he says gruffly. Clearly, someone's not used to chatting at the dinner table. "I was eighteen when I became a prospect," he says, "So...that's more than a decade, I guess."

"Wow," I reply, "A decade ago was when I almost got into the life. Matthew had me all set up to be some old lady's house mouse with the SoCal chapter."

"What happened?" Leo asks, "Why'd it fall through?"

"I wanted to go to college instead," I tell him, "Make something of myself."

"And now you've circled back to the life," he says.

"So it would seem," I say, "But I don't regret getting my education first. Now I'm choosing the life. Not just throwing myself at a club because I don't have any other option."

"I like that," Leo smiles, "Great tits and a brain."

"You're gonna make me blush," I say, rolling my eyes.

"What does your family think of all this?" Leo asks, "They must've been happy when you decided to go the whole educated route. Are they pissed that you've come around to the MC life again?"

"I'm not very close with my family," I admit. It's nice to be able to tell the truth once and a while, amid all the lies. Makes it easier to remember things. "My mom raised me and my sisters alone. She loved us, but it was hard. I never really felt like they understood me. They don't even know I'm back around an MC now."

"What about your old boyfriend?" Leo asks, not meeting my eye, "The one you just broke up with? What's he got to say about your new...ambitions?"

"He would shit himself if he knew what I was doing," I laugh, thinking about the vain Bryan back in LA. His precious head of hair would go snow white if he had any idea what I've been up to, lately.

"Guess he didn't know you that well either, did he?" Leo asks.

"No. He just knew what he wanted me to be," I say, my smile fading. "But, what about your family? Were they in the life, too?"

Leo's expression hardens at the mention of his family. "Hell no," he growls, cutting into his steak with vigor, "My old man never could have cut it in an MC. He had some shitty government job. But drinking was his real vocation. Drove my mom out of the house before I was a teenager. That just left me and my little sister to grow up despite him."

"You have a sister?" I ask, "What's she like?"

"Had," he says, his voice flat, "I had a sister."

"Oh," I say softly, cursing my curiosity, "I'm...so sorry, Leo."

"Yeah. She was something else," he says, stabbing a potato with his fork, "Fierce, bright, and the kindest person you could ever imagine. Gone way too soon. Way too soon."

"What was her name?" I ask.

"Emilia," he says, the edges of his voice softening, "Her name was Emilia."

My eyes dart to the tattoo on his arm-the portrait of a woman, looking sad but radiant. It's his sister he's immortalized in ink, not a lover. I feel guilt tugging at my heart. I've been secretly jealous of the mysterious Emilia, thinking she was a girlfriend from Leo's past. I should have known no mere lover could have meant so much to him. He's not exactly the fluttering romantic type, this one.

"Do you...would you mind if I asked..." I start.

"What happened to her?" Leo suggests.

"Yeah," I say, "If you don't mind talking about it."

"It's fine," he says, his muscles tensing, "I've come to terms with it, by now. She was sixteen when it happened. It was just fourteen. We were walking home from school together one day, and some big guys on motorcycles rolled up next to us. They started harassing her, but she held her head high. Back then, I wasn't exactly the bulky guy I am now and I had no idea what to do. They started threatening us, saying they'd hurt me if Emilia didn't go for a ride with them. I begged her not to go, but she promised me that she'd be OK. She climbed on the back of one of their bikes, and that was it. She was found a few days later. Her body. They had their fun, then left her behind."

"Jesus Christ," I breathe, my head spinning, "Leo, that's horrible. I'm sorry."

"Don't be. I got even," he says, "I decided when Emilia died that I was going to take those assholes down. They were part of a local gang. Way smaller operation than the Wraiths, not even a proper MC. Just a bunch of thugs. The police didn't do shit after Emilia was found. So I became a prospect, got the strength of the Wraiths behind me, and took their asses out myself."

"You...killed them?" I breathe.

"I got justice for my sister. I realized that the police, the legal system, they weren't the good guys. Not by a long shot. It was the Wraiths who were really out to do what was right. We got the fuckers who killed my sister locked up," Leo shrugs, "They may have gotten shanked on the inside."

"By your orders?" I go on.

"Lots of questions tonight, huh?" he asks, "They killed my sister, Kelly. I don't have an ounce of remorse about what happened to them. Someone has to dispense justice. It may as well be us."

I stare across the table at Leo, trying to come to terms with what he's just told me. If his beloved sister was abducted and killed, how could he do the same thing to Kassie? Then again, that might mean that he's doing everything in his power to keep her safe while she's in Wraith custody. The Nine have been playing it pretty cool about her being taken, probably not to upset me and Declan. But I have no idea how these situations usually pan out.

"I guess that's what club life is like, huh?" I say, tentatively moving the conversation forward, "You do what you have to, to protect your family. Your own."

"That's right," Leo says, taking a long sip of whiskey, "The Wraiths don't have weak stomachs. Don't get me wrong, we're not going out of our way to kill people left and right, but we don't cut much slack for other clubs who do us wrong."

"No?" I press, hoping he'll spill something about the Nine. For all his talk about the Wraiths being the good guys, I'd love to hear his justification for their recent bad behavior.

"You came at a good time, we're in the middle of something with another club right now," he says. "And you're just the distraction I needed."

Jackpot.

"What's going on there?" I ask, keeping my eyes fixed firmly on my whiskey glass.

"There's this smaller club in Vegas that's taken to talking shit about us," Leo says, "But it goes deeper than that. We've always held the most territory in this region, and they're trying to undermine that. For no reason other than their own greed and insecurity."

"So, they're just trying to fuck you for no reason?" I ask.

"Oh, they've been justifying it to themselves, claiming that we had something to do with the death of one of their members. But that's absolute bullshit. That's not how we do things."

"Of course," I say, my heart tightening at the mention of Sam.

"They're actually saying that we ran him off the road during a race. Trying to poison all our other associations around these parts," Leo growls, "We lost out on a huge deal just the other week because of them. Those fuckers are trying to mess with us, turn people against us. And that's dangerous. One of us could end up getting seriously hurt, if people get the idea that we're not to be trusted. I can handle missing out on some dough, it's being accused of murdering another innocent outlaw that really gets me."

"Isn't innocent outlaw an oxymoron?" I try to kid.

"Not at all," Leo says, deadly serious, "The guy who died, Sam, was a friend of mine. He was a great guy. I'd never hurt him. Shit, I was there when he had this accident. He was racing Tyke for the hell of it and lost control. So when these fuckers say that one of us killed Sam, they're talking about me. And I just can't abide that."

I have to bite my tongue to keep from spilling a thousand errant thoughts. Leo was there when Sam died? How did I not know this? How can I believe that the Wraiths didn't hurt Sam if they've gone after other MC members in the past? How can I believe that they're so innocent after what they did to Kassie and the rest of us? And why, despite all the evidence, does my heart still tell me I can trust Leo?

"Shit," Leo grumbles, as his phone starts to vibrate on the table, breaking the tension of the moment, "I gotta take this-"

"You can get it," I tell him, "I'm gonna run upstairs and get some sweats, if you don't mind. I know the nothing-but-a-tee-shirt thing is working for you, but I've got goose bumps, all of a sudden..."

"Go for it," he says, pushing himself up from the table. He walks quickly out of the kitchen, taking the call in the other room, out of earshot. I stare after him, amazed in the wake of his revelations.

Dazed, I pull myself up and pad up the wooden stairs, listening to the low rumble of Leo's voice. All I've learned from our little conversation is that the Wraiths are really pissed about the Nine poking around after Sam's death. Personally insulted. But something doesn't quite make sense. The Nine say that they were only asking for details, not accusing or dragging the Wraiths' name through the mud. Each club has claimed its innocence. So who, exactly, is telling the truth?

I find the door to Leo's bedroom open at the top of the stairs. I take a deep breath and step into the sacred space. A huge king bed stands against the far wall, Spartan but sleek. A few plain pieces of light wooden furniture populate the rest of the space. This is the room of a private man, a humble man. There's a long, low dresser against the wall, and I cross to it. A few framed pictures rest on the polished top, including a snapshot of a very familiar looking young woman and a little boy I've never seen.

With her straight dark hair and sad eyes, the girl has to be Emilia. But that must mean that the slight little boy with a mop of black hair is Leo himself. One look at the golden eyes is enough to confirm my guess. I can't believe that he was ever so small. Or so happy.

Smiling sadly, I start pulling open dresser drawers, searching for bottoms I might be able to use. Most of Leo's clothes will obviously be too big for me, but I don't mind the excuse to take his things in my hands. I love looking at people's clothes-it's like archaeology. You can learn a lot about a person by the contents of their sock drawer. Maybe that's just unabashed snooping, but hey-a girl's gotta have her hobbies.

I pull open the very bottom drawer and spot an array of elastic-waisted workout clothes. That should do the trick. I rifle through the drawer, digging to the bottom in my search. But in the middle of my hunt for something cottony and soft, my fingers close around tough, thick leather. Curious, I pull the stray garment out of the drawer for appraisal.

"Oh my god..." I gasp, as a jolt of recognition slams into my gut. In my hands is a slightly worn woman's leather jacket. I'd know it anywhere. This is Kassie's jacket. The one she's been wearing since arriving in Vegas. The one she was wearing the night of the abduction.

The sudden material reminder of my best friend brings hot tears stinging to my eyes. It's scarcely been forty-eight hours since she was taken, and I've been doing a decent job at keeping my emotions in check. I haven't allowed myself to feel scared, or angry, or confused. I haven't let myself pause to think about what Kassie must be going through. It would be too painful to consider, after all. But now, sitting in Leo's home with Kassie's beloved jacket in my arms, everything hits me at once.

"Fuck..." I mutter, as the tears begin to roll down my cheeks. "Oh, fuck."

I can't lose it now. Leo can't have any idea that I know Kassie. If he figures that out, then my plan with Dante's Nine goes to shit-to say nothing of the danger I'd be in if Leo discovered I was lying to him. What would he do to me, if he found out the truth before I could break it gracefully? Would he toss me out, or worse? I can't imagine Leo truly hurting me, but as close as we've gotten these past couple of days, he's still essentially a stranger to me. I have no idea what this man is capable of, if pushed. No idea.

My ears prick up as they catch the sound of Leo's raised voice from downstairs. His phone conversation has morphed into a shouting match. My heartbeat ticks up a notch at the intensity of his angry words.

"You fucking serious, Buck?" he bellows from the ground floor, "You can't deal with a little girl on your own? What're you, afraid she's gonna give you cooties, you idiot?"

I'm frozen in place, listening close. Little girl? Could he be talking about Kassie?

"You seriously going to drag me out to the Nest just because your balls haven't dropped yet?" Leo goes on, "What the hell do we even keep you around for? Or Dewey? You guys wanted to be in charge of this charade, remember? I had to chaperone your kidnapping, now I have to come take over your hostage situation? I told you this was a shit idea."

My mind spins, listening to Leo go on. No doubt about it now. Something's happening with Kassie. I seriously doubt there's another hostage in the Wraith's grasp. Or at least, I'd like to hope there isn't. It sounds like Buck and Dewey are at the Wraith's Nest right now, failing to "deal with" their captive. But what could that mean, "deal with"?

Do I even want to know...?

"Buck. Buck. Stop talking, jackass," Leo growls, "I don't want to hear any more excuses. I never should have given you this job. You and Dewey just get the hell away from her, make sure she's locked up real tight, and wait for me to get there. I have an idea. And don't touch a hair on her head, you hear me? That's Declan's old lady. She's not to be hurt. That's not how we do things."

"Thank god," I whisper, clutching Kassie's jacket to my chest. Whatever's going down at the Nest, Leo's not going to let anything happen to my friend.

"I'm comin' to clean up your mess," Leo says, "Just don't do anything stupid. Stupider."

Heavy footsteps ring out through the house as Leo hangs up the phone and springs into action. I hear him barreling up the stairs, and feel my stomach turn over. A surge of terrified energy shudders through my body as I hurry to stuff Kassie's jacket back into the dresser drawer, but it's no use. The garment is still in my hands as Leo bursts into his bedroom, ire burning in his golden gaze.

"What are you doing?" he snaps, shoulders rippling with tension.

"I was...looking for something to wear..." I say, my voice a strangled whisper.

"Why do you have that?" he goes on, staring at Kassie's jacket.

"It was just...in here..." I stammer, smiling weakly, "I thought it was strange...a woman's leather jacket stuffed in with your sweats..."

"Right," he mutters, "Shit. I didn't mean to bark at you. There's just a bit of a situation going down at the Nest."

"Oh?" I ask, my eyes wide with feigned ignorance.

"Yeah. It has to do with that jacket you're holding. You must've overheard," Leo says, cooling slightly, "I'm not very good at keeping my voice down, am I?"

"Not particularly," I say, "I heard something about a girl being held hostage in the Wraith's Nest. Is this her jacket?"

"Yup," Leo sighs, shoving a hand through his hair, "And yeah. We may be holding onto someone in the Nest right now. Just a bit of leverage against that problem club I was telling you about earlier. Routine kind of stuff."

"You...routinely kidnap people?" I ask, my voice hollow.

"You know what I mean," he goes on, "We don't have any plans to hurt her. We're just keeping her until the other club can repair the damage it's done. Or at least prove to us that they're not trying to sabotage our reputation."

"Are they doing that? Proving themselves innocent, or whatever?" I ask.

"Not yet," Leo says, "We've had radio silence from them since we, uh, borrowed the girl. But it's been almost two days now, she's starting to get antsy. And we're starting to wonder why they haven't reached out yet."

"So...what are you going to do?" I ask, "Get in touch with the other club?"

"Not just yet," Leo says, moving toward me. "Right now, I just want to calm the girl down and see if I can get her talking. Maybe she can help shed some light about the situation with her old man's club."

"OK," I say slowly, "You're just going to talk to her, then?"

"Actually," Leo says, pulling me up off the ground, "I thought maybe you could talk to her instead."

My jaw falls open at Leo's words. I can't believe I've heard him correctly.

"You want me...to talk to your hostage?" I breathe. This is far too good to be true. "But...why me?"

"I think a good woman-to-woman chat would do her some good," Leo shrugs, "I'd send in Blaire, or Quinn, or one of the other girls, but I think the whole porn star thing might freak her out a bit. You're less intimidating."

"Thanks? I guess?" I stammer.

"So, you up for it?" Leo asks, setting his strong hands on my shoulders. "The Wraiths could really use your help with this one, Kelly. Who knows? Maybe we can take you off office duty and make you our full-time hostage babysitter for the time being."

"Anything for the club," I say softly, staring up into those gleaming eyes of his.

What I mean, of course, is anything for Kassie. But I realize that I'd do anything for Leo, too. At the end of the day, where does my loyalty lie, anymore? I can't bear to dwell on that question for too long. I'm a little afraid of the answer.

"Great," Leo grins, "Let's go. The dishes can wait until our little damsel has been quieted down."

I trail Leo out of the house in a daze. Is he seriously going to lead me right to Kassie? Looks like my job from the Nine just got a whole lot easier. Well, the first part, anyway. Soon, I'll know where Kassie's being kept, and be able to make sure that she's safe. But after that, how to go about mending relations between the clubs? Something about their brewing conflict still doesn't make any sense to me. There's a piece of information I'm missing, I'm sure of it. But where to look for it next?

We climb onto Leo's Harley and fly off at full speed. Night has fallen on the Nevada landscape, and on this moonless night the bike's headlights are blazing bright. I'm sure that Leo can feel my heart pounding through my chest against his back as we soar along. I can't wait to get to Kassie, to see with my own two eyes that she's safe after all. By now, I know that Leo would never hurt her, or any innocent woman. But the other Wraiths? There's something brutal about some of them that I haven't come to trust, just yet.

I can hear the ruckus of the Devil's Playpen before the Nest even comes into view. Pounding bass, shouting voices, hoots and hollers of drunken men and girls alike fill the night air. Now I understand why they built this compound so far off the beaten path. As we approach the Nest, I see the Playpen gleaming like a beacon in the dark. Neon, flashing lights burst out of every crack in the tall structure. Dozens of people mill about outside, flirting and coercing and propositioning. A few couples have already slipped within the barracks to continue their fun in private. Their rowdy voices cut through the classic power ballads pumping out of the Playpen.

"Now you get to see this place in full swing," Leo says, parking his Harley in front of the Wraith's chapel.

"Lucky me," I murmur, climbing off the bike.

"What, not a fan of strip clubs?" Leo laughs.

"Just not a fan of the men this one seems to attract," I say, narrowing my eyes at the douchey business types all around.

"Think of it this way," Leo says, slinging an arm over my shoulders, "We're scamming them out of insane amounts of money. They're paying us for an illusion. The girls in there are the ones with all the power. Sounds better right?"

"A little," I allow, "I guess it does."

"That's the spirit," Leo says, "Now, come on. Let's introduce you to your new playmate."

I grab Kassie's jacket from the saddlebag, and Leo leads me off across the compound, away from the pulsing den of sin that is the Playpen. I cross my arms tightly, trying to hide my shaking hands. This could either be a fantastic development for me and Kassie, or our undoing. Only the next few moments will tell.

"Where are you keeping her?" I ask, looking around the Nest for signs of life.

"You'll see," Leo smiles, "We've found, over the years, that the very best place to hide something-or someone-is in plain sight."

"You've gotta be shitting me," I mutter, as I spot a faint light in the distance.

The battered old RV that I was so lustily pressed up against on my first day here is standing just before us. The shadowy figures of Buck and Dewey pace around it, obscured by the dark night. But from within the rusty motor home, a faint light glows. They've been keeping Kassie in that shoddy old can? Not a hundred yards away from where I've spent most of the past two days? Those sly sons of bitches.

"How's our little princess?" Leo asks, as we draw up next to Buck and Dewey.

"Still raving like a maniac," Buck grumbles.

"She tried to brain me with a toaster," Dewey puts in.

I swallow a smile with some difficulty. Of course Kassie hasn't been taking her captivity quietly. These guys abducted the wrong chick if they were looking for a cooperative hostage.

"She asking for anything in particular, or she just pissed?" Leo asks.

"She wants to talk to someone from Dante's Nine," Dewey replies, "She wants them to know she's OK, or whatever."

"I'm gonna let her talk to Kelly instead," Leo says.

I swallow hard. If only he knew that by talking to me, Kassie does get a direct line to Dante's Nine. God, if he knew...

"What in the hell is she gonna do?" Buck scoffs, rolling his eyes at me.

"A whole lot more than you have," I snap back, "She'll appreciate having a half decent, full-brained human being to speak to, I'm sure."

"You little-" Buck growls, taking a step toward me.

"Hey," Leo spits, "You cool it around my woman, you hear me? That's an order."

"She started it," Buck mutters.

"Idiot," Leo sighs, shaking his head at the dimmest of the Wraiths.

He takes me by the hand and leads me to the door of the RV. The entrance is dead bolted, impossible to get out of from the inside. As Leo unlocks the impenetrable device, I hear a very familiar voice call out from within.

"I thought I told you to stay the hell away from me, Buck!"

Kassie, I think to myself, arrested by the sound of my best friend's voice. It's so good to hear her speak. Or rather, shout like there's no tomorrow.

"It's Leo, Kassie," my man says, forcing patience into his voice, "Can I come in?"

"I don't want to see you either," Kassie shouts back, "Not unless you've got one of the Nine on the phone."

"You know I can let you call out to the Nine, Kassie," Leo says, "But I do have someone here you might care to talk to."

"I seriously doubt it," Kassie scoffs.

"Bear with me, baby," Leo goes on, "I've got my girl out here. She's a real peach. She wants to come in there and have a talk with you. Girl to girl."

"Your girl?" Kassie laughs, "What, you mean one of your filthy stripper skanks? Pass."

I want to call out to her, give her a sign that it's me. But what if she accidentally cries out my name or something? Our cover will be blown.

"Just give her five minutes," Leo presses, "If you guys don't hit it off or whatever, she'll leave you be. But I think you'll like her. She's not one of the Playpen girls. She's new around here. Used to be one of those juice-fasting, spray-tanning, LA chicks."

"Watch it," I hiss, elbowing him lightly in the ribs.

"She does computer shit for us," Leo goes on, "Or, at least, she will, when one of us figures out what that actually means."

"Computer shit?" Kassie muses from inside. Her voice is tinged with interest. Hope. She might just suspect that it's me, come to save her. Now's my chance.

"That's right," I call, fighting to keep my voice even. "My name's Kelly Rodgers. It's nice to...sort of...meet you."

Dead silence hangs in the air as I wait for Kassie's response. Leo, Buck, and Dewey exchange glances, confused by Kassie's sudden quietness. But it only lasts for a heartbeat before she speaks again.

"Send in the chick," Kassie says, "Only her. No one else. The rest of you can beat it."

Leo raises his eyebrows at me. "Looks like you're in," he says, "You ready?"

"Absolutely," I breathe, clutching Kassie's jacket to my chest.

Carefully, Leo cracks open the door of the RV. A sliver of yellow light spills out across the dusty black ground. Buck and Dewey brace themselves, ready to catch Kassie should she try to flee. But the door swings open to admit me without incident. With trembling knees, I climb the short flight of steps into the vehicle. The door closes again behind me, guarded by the Wraiths. And at last, I step into the cabin of the motor home.

There, standing before me in all her glory, is Kassie Bennett. Her long blonde hair hangs loose and wild around her shoulders, and her gorgeous face is scrubbed clean of any makeup. She wears new-looking boyfriend jeans a loose white tee, her clothes from the night of the abduction hang washed and drying over the sink. There's a bottle of whiskey on the flimsy kitchen table, and a frying pan clasped in her slender fist.

"Well aren't you a sight for sore eyes," I whisper.

The pan clatters to the floor as we fly into each other's arms. We gather as much as we can of each other up in our arms. I hug Kassie to me, dampening the front of her shirt with happy tears. I feel her thin shoulders begin to shake as we hold each other. The wash of relief that surges over us both is too much to take without shedding a tear or two.

"It's you," she whispers, pulling away to look me in the eye, "Kelly, I can't believe you're here! How-?"

"It's a long story," I cut her off, "I'm just so glad you're OK. You are OK-?"

"I'm fine," she assures me, "They haven't laid a finger on me. Unless you count the whole carrying-me-unconscious-out-of-the-bar thing. They even met my demands! A bottle of Jack and a new outfit."

"Atta girl," I grin, "You show these Wraiths who's boss."

"But seriously Kel," she goes on, pulling me down into the kitchen table booth and pouring me a glass of whiskey, "How the hell are you here right now? Is Declan OK? Are the Nine alright?"

"Declan and the guys are fine," I tell her, happily accepting the drink, "As far as I know, there's been no violence. The Nine haven't retaliated, and the Wraiths are keeping you here as leverage. Declan didn't want to attack the Nest, here, so we decided that I should come around myself, and try to get some intel."

"How did you pull that off?" she asks, amazed.

"The night you were abducted, none of the Wraiths spotted me," I tell her, "I got hidden behind the door, they never saw my face. When you got taken, I reached out to my cousin in the SoCal chapter and asked him to introduce me to the Las Vegas Wraiths. He pitched me as a computer nerd, told them I could help them with some office shit. And they agreed to let me hang around. Well...they didn't agree. Leo liked the look of me and sort of...called dibs..."

"Leo Bane brought you here to be his, what, personal piece of ass?" Kassie asks, enraged on my account.

"No, no," I say quickly, "It's not like that. I'm not just a sweet butt, or one of the Playpen girls, obviously."

"So, he's not expecting sex from you?" Kassie asks me, point blank.

I take a sip of whiskey, staring down at the table. I wasn't expecting to get right into the details of my relationship with the Wraiths VP. But she's not about to let it go.

"Does Leo expect you to be his little sex toy?" she insists, "Is that why he's letting you hang around here? He called you his girl. He obviously trusts you."

"That was the plan," I cut in, "For me to come here and win one of the guys' trust so I could get information for the Nine."

"And you've done that? Won Leo's trust?" Kassie asks.

"Yeah. I guess I have," I tell her.

"How," she presses, relentlessly, "How did you earn his trust, Kelly?"

I look up at my best friend. Her face is set in a mask of pent up rage and wild astonishment. I can't bring myself to answer her, but my silence speaks volumes. She could always read me like an open book.

"Jesus Christ," she breathes.

"Kassie, I did what I had to do," I say, leaning across the table to take her hands, "I'm here, aren't I? I found you. Everything's going to be OK now."

"How the hell do you figure?" she asks, "You fucking your way to my side doesn't change a goddamn thing."

Her words cut me to the quick. "I haven't just been bouncing around from dick to dick, hoping that I'd stumble upon you," I say, "Leo and I have been getting along. The way to a man's heart is on your back, right?"

"He kidnapped me," she hisses, pulling her hands away, "The Wraiths drugged us, and Leo stood and watched as I was carried away from my home."

"They're justifying it in their own minds," I tell her, "The Wraiths think that the Nine are trying to take them down by spreading lies and mistrust. That means something to guys like them, Kassie."

"The Nine haven't done shit to the Wraiths," she says sharply.

"I know that," I tell her, "I'm on your side, Kass. The Nine's side."

"Is that true?" she asks pointedly, "You're one hundred percent with the Nine?"

"Yes. Of course."

"And not the least bit taken with your very own biker crush?" she goes on.

"I...There are things about Leo that I find very compelling," I begin.

"Holy fuck," she mutters, "I can't believe this."

"But that doesn't change anything," I rush on, "As soon as we get you out of here, as soon as we figure out what's gone rotten between the Nine and the Wraiths, it's over between me and Leo."

"Whatever you say," Kassie mumbles, "Because your eyes tell a very different story. And I'm sure your heart's not on board with what your mouth is spouting."

"Kassie, I don't-"

"Let's just drop it for now," she cuts me off, "And figure out our next move."

"Alright," I say, sliding her jacket across the table, "What do you think we should do?"

"The Wraiths have been letting things slip around me," she says, shrugging into her leather jacket that wears like a second skin. "Buck isn't exactly the most discreet person in the world. Or the quietest."

"What kind of things have they been saying?" I ask.

"This stuff they've been hearing, about how the Nine are dragging their name through the mud," she says, "It's all coming from anonymous emails. All different addresses. All of them sent right to Leo's personal email account."

"Why Leo's?" I ask, "He's the VP. Why not just go to Mac?"

"You honestly think old-ass Mac is going to be consistently checking his email?" Kassie laughs, "Not a chance."

"No, I know he isn't," I say, "I broke into his account my first day here."

"Good girl," Kassie smiles, "You're on the right track. But it's Leo's account you're gonna want to break into now."

"Oh," I say, biting my lip.

"Come on," Kassie says, "Don't tell me you're skittish about invading his privacy."

"I'm not," I tell her, "I just...it's been easier getting him to trust me while he can actually trust me."

"What are you talking about?" Kassie gapes at me, "You're a spy, Kelly!"

"Well, yeah...but a spy whose heart is in the right place," I say with a halfhearted laugh.

"You have to find out who those emails are coming from," Kassie says sternly, "That could be the key to understanding what's going on between the clubs. I know they're still coming in, and the accusations are getting worse by the day. And if someone's fucking with the Wraiths opinion of the Nine, I bet the Nine are getting false information too."

"But why would someone be feeding both clubs bad intel?" I ask.

"I don't know," Kassie says, "Has Declan said anything about the Wraiths to you? Anything new they've found out?"

"He did say that they'd learned something new about Sam's death..." I say, my chest tightening, "Do you think that's faulty information, too?"

"I wouldn't doubt it," Kassie says through gritted teeth, "I know that what the Wraiths have been hearing about the Nine isn't true. I know those guys too well to think they'd do another club wrong."

"And I know the Wraiths weren't responsible for Sam's death," I put in.

"What, did Leo tell you that?" she says, rolling her eyes.

"Yes. He did," I snap, fed up with her disdain, "And despite the shit going on between the Wraiths and the Nine, I believe him, Kassie. I know that what his club is doing to you is shitty, but I doubt that Declan's track record is spotless when it comes to club tactics, either."

That shuts her up.

"I know you're angry with him, but I trust Leo," I say, taking her hands once more, "I know for a fact that he's not going to let anyone hurt you. The Nine are too prideful to fix this mess on their own. We have to help them, Kassie. We have to save these guys."

"You're right," she breathes, squeezing my hands, "I know you're right."

"We can do this," I tell her, "Together, you and I can make this right. Now, pour me some more of this whiskey and let's get a game plan on the table. We've got work to do."

Chapter Fourteen

"What are you, some kinda sorceress?" Buck asks, as I step back down out of the RV, "How did you get her to quiet down?"

"Just a woman's touch, I guess," I smile, looking between the three Wraiths who have been guarding my conference with Kassie.

"Well shit," Dewey says, "We should always keep you on hand for hostage situations. You're a natural."

"Everything cool with her now?" Leo cuts in.

"Everything's cool," I assure him, "I think she just needed to talk to someone on her level. You know?"

"Good shit, babe," Leo says, "I knew you'd handle it."

I feel my heart swelling with pride at Leo's praise. Sure, Kassie's secretly my best friend in the world and was bound to be comforted by my presence...but he doesn't have to know that.

"Looks like our work here is done," Leo says to Buck and Dewey, "Think you two can make it through the night without having to call in our ace negotiator again?"

"I'm sure we'll be just fine," Buck grumbles, kicking at the dirt with his steel-toed boot. I roll my eyes at his petulance. Guess someone doesn't like having been outdone by a girl.

Leo slings an arm over my shoulder and leads me back across the Wraith's Nest. He wears a proud grin on his face as we stride across the lot together. I'm at once elated and heartbroken by his satisfaction. He has no idea that I'm actually working behind his back. And sure, I'm trying to diffuse tensions between the Wraiths and the Nine to keep everyone safe, but I'm still not being honest with him. Will he ever be able to forgive me for that when my secret gets out?

I'd love to think that he'll admire me even more, when he learns what I've been up to. Once Kassie and I have found a way to mend the clubs' relationship, everyone will be better off. But I'm afraid that's just wishful thinking. Leo's far too proud to take my goodhearted deception in stride. On principal, he'll have to turn away from me. Cast me out. I have to prepare myself for that. At least I'll be able to comfort my broken heart with the knowledge that I've helped keep Leo safe. The Nine are pretty morality-minded, for outlaws, but who knows what kind of violence could erupt if this malignant conflict is left untreated?

"What a gentleman, walking me to my car at the end of the night," I purr, as Leo and I stroll up to my little blue Prius.

"End of the night?" Leo growls, letting his hand slide over the rise of my ass, "Say it ain't so, babe."

"Shouldn't I head back to my place for a while?" I ask, stopping beside my car. It's parked right in front of the Nest's central strip club. The noise from the Playpen is overwhelming, and I find myself shouting to be heard.

"If you think I'm letting you out of my sight, you're crazy," Leo replies, circling my waist with his strong arms, "I haven't had nearly enough of your company yet tonight."

I smile up at him, my heart in my throat. As much I want to spend every waking moment with this man-preferably naked in his bed-I was hoping to steal away and meet up with the Nine before morning. Kassie and I traded notes during our little summit, and I promised her I'd bring Declan word that she was alright. And bring a message back to her from him. But my commitment to that promise is wavering under Leo's insistent, and rather lusty, gaze.

"I didn't think you'd be the type to invite a girl to sleep over," I laugh, running my hands over his hard chest, the smooth black leather of his cut. My fingertips brush against his club patches, those unshakeable beacons of his identity. God, why does he have to be a Wraith? And why should it matter to me? I'm starting to understand how Romeo and Juliet felt, here.

"You're not just some girl," Leo says, pulling me flush against his body, "You're my girl. And I want you to come stay with me."

My heart is drawn and quartered, torn in so many completely opposing directions. My entire body thrills at the idea of shacking up with this gorgeous, cunning man. But how am I supposed to get in touch with the Nine under Leo's watchful gaze? I'm sure he doesn't suspect anything as of now, but tensions are heating up between the clubs. It's only a matter of time before things come to a head.

"I don't know..." I mutter, shuddering with pleasure as Leo's hands glide down my back, "All of my stuff is at home..."

"I'll let you use my toothbrush," he grins, letting his hips grind, just the slightest bit, against mine. He knows exactly how to drive me wild, this one. Like I could ever refuse a night alone with him...

"Leo," I whisper, my voice lost in the cacophony pouring out of the club, "How am I ever supposed to say no to you?"

"You're not," he growls, lifting my face with one strong finger.

He brings his lips to mine, kissing me hard and deep. I fall against his perfectly balanced body, helpless against my desire for him. All I want is to let him carry me back to his home, lay me out across the bed, and have his way with me until the sun comes up. Schemes and plots can wait until the morning. I've got more pressing matters to attend to.

I run my fingers through Leo's long, black locks. His strong arms hold me up as I melt into him, giving myself over to the moment. I can feel the lust pulsing through his body, swelling between his legs. It'll never get old, the thrill of turning him on.

"Yeah chief, get some!" a drunken, boisterous voice hollers from the doorway of the Devil's Playpen.

Leo pulls away from me sharply, and we both blink up toward the unfamiliar voice. Backlit by the blaring lights of the club is a portly, extremely wasted man in a mediocre suit. Emma is there beside him, trying like hell to keep him on his own two feet as he sways drunkenly in the doorway. But the man can't be bothered to notice her care. He's too busy grinning at me and Leo like a horny schoolboy.

"Where'd you find her, man?" the drunk goes on, clinging onto the slight Emma, "She's smokin' hot. Wanna trade?"

"Oh no..." I murmur, as Leo straightens up and squares off against the tipsy asshole.

"The fuck did you just say?" my man growls, his eyes hardening to rocky flint.

"Leo," Emma pleads, "He's loaded. He doesn't know what he's-"

"I like yours better," the man blunders on, licking his lips in my direction, "All those tight little curves...How much do you want for her? I'd hand over some big bucks for a taste of that juicy little-"

"Leo!" Emma and I shout in unison, as my tank of a lover charges the stout patron.

"One more word, and you're done," Leo snarls, seizing the red-faced man by the poorly-cut lapels, "How dare you talk about my woman like that. You're not man enough to even look at her. Apologize, before I put you out, chief."

"Come on man," the patron whines, staring up at Leo like a hurt puppy, "I didn't mean anything by it. Hey, we could take turns if you want. What do you say?"

Leo spits, lifting the man off the ground.

"Come on Leo, I was just about to take him to the barracks," Emma says, tugging on Leo's cut with her slender hands, "He's some fan boy from Wisconsin. Apparently a big fan of my schoolgirl movies. He was going to give me two grand for a hand job!"

Without ceremony, Leo chucks the blasted idiot into the air. The man goes toppling to the ground, rolling to a stop in a muddy puddle teeming with engine grease. He scarcely seems to notice that he's been tossed to the curb, save for a befuddled groan and a look of wonder on his face. For a moment, I fear what Leo might do to the guy. But my man isn't a complete barbarian. He knows that this idiot is no match for him, even sober. He walks up to the guy, cool restored, and looks down at him with disdain.

"Call yourself a cab. Never come back," Leo says shortly.

"Dude..." the man groans, "That's so harsh."

"You think that's harsh?" Leo laughs, "You're lucky you caught me in a charitable mood, you piece of shit. Now beat it."

"There goes my bottom line for the night," Emma sighs.

"I'll write you a check," Leo tells her. "You don't need that pussy's money."

"I won't once Kelly makes us porn moguls," Emma smiles, restored by Leo's oath to reimburse her.

"What's that?" Leo asks, raising his eyebrows at me.

"We can talk about it later," I mutter, "For now, I'd rather make tracks. We were in the middle of something, weren't we?"

"That's right," Leo says, a smile lifting the corners of his lips, "We were."

He comes toward me, taking my hand in his. Our fingers entwine, and Leo leads me away from the Playpen. Emma shoots me a knowing wink as we depart, turning back toward the chaos of the club. I'm more than happy to turn my back on this place. Maybe, given time, I could learn how to be OK with this rowdy environment. Maybe I could figure out a way to feel empowered by the atmosphere of easy sex and easier money. But I have more important things on my mind right now. Or rather, just one thing: Leo.

We hurry across the lot together, jumping up onto the seat of his Harley like Bonnie and Clyde making some grand escape. I wrap my arms around his muscular torso, and we're off at once. The blackness of the Las Vegas hills is deep and thick on this moonless night. We slice through the pitch blackness, our headlights the only illumination for miles as the Wraith's Nest falls away behind us. I cling tightly to Leo's steady, sure body, letting the night unfold as it will around us.

"What do you say we take the scenic route back?" Leo shouts over the roaring engine.

"What scenery is there to look at tonight?" I yell back, "I can't see anything past your headlights, Leo."

"Just trust me," he says, glancing back over his shoulder with a smile.

Leo leans into a turn, and we coast off the main road once again. Off the beaten track we ramble, my arms wrapped tightly around Leo's body. It's amazing how much I do trust him, after a mere couple of days. Despite the protestations of my rational mind, I know I'd trust this man with my life. I'd have to, to climb on the back of his bike and let me lead me off into the deserted hills above Sin City like this.

We trundle along for a while longer, until a warm glow catches my eye in the distance. I squint ahead, peering over Leo's leather-bound shoulder. There, above the horizon, is an aura of fantastic light. As we roll over a low rise, my breath catches in my throat. The view that sprawls out before us is unlike any I've ever seen. The entire city of Las Vegas lies like a living, breathing beast far below us. The wild mass of teeming lights pops and writhes, full of a lively and dangerous energy all its own.

Leo cuts the engine, and the Harley's headlights are extinguished. The city glows even brighter now, and as my eyes adjust I can even make out the pinpricks of stars careening above us. I slide down off the bike, bewitched by the simmering swell of life before me, the canopy of tiny lights above. It really is one of the most beautiful sights I've ever set eyes on.

"Somethin', huh?" Leo says quietly, standing beside me in the near darkness.

"I'll say," I breathe, captivated by the view.

"This is one of my favorite spots to come and think," he goes on, pulling out a pack of smokes. He lights a cigarette, cradling it between his full lips.

"What is it you come out here to think about?" I ask.

"Everything," he shrugs, "The past, the future, and what it's all for. You know, all the greatest hits."

"Does it do you any good, mulling it all over?" I press.

"Maybe," he says, "But even if it doesn't, the view's still great."

"Can I get one of those?" I ask, nodding at Leo's pack of cigarettes.

"You smoke?" Leo asks, taking a long drag.

"Used to," I shrug, "Back in high school and college. These days I mostly just stick with weed. But what can I say? You make it look good."

He slides a second cigarette out of his pack and holds it just before my face, tantalizing me. With a grin, I part my lips and close them around the filter of the cigarette. He lets go reluctantly, lowering the tip of his smoke to mine. I inhale, lighting my cigarette on his. The low, red light illuminates his sculpted features, and I feel my heart skip a beat or two. And I know it's not because of the nicotine.

"I'm glad you get to see this place," Leo says, slipping his arm around my waist, "I don't bring many people here."

"How many is not many?" I ask, savoring the taste of my first cigarette in years.

"Honestly?" Leo asks, looking down at me, "None. No one else has ever come out here with me..."

"Bullshit," I say, shoving him lightly.

"Nah," he insists, "Guess I never wanted to share it with anyone else. Before you, that is."

"You've never driven some other chick out here, let the view woo her for you?" I tease.

"I don't need to do a whole lot of wooing," he drawls wryly, "In case you hadn't noticed."

"Well. I'm touched," I shoot back, letting a thin trail of smoke escape my lips. "But now that you have me here, what do you plan to do with me?"

"What, you don't like talking to me?" he keeps a straight face, "Isn't this the part where we have some touchy-feely emotional conversation and get on each others' level?"

"I like talking just fine," I say, dragging on my cigarette, "But I prefer using my mouth in other ways around you, Leo."

"I see..." he says, his voice scraping along the bottom of its register, "Well if that's the case, you won't be needing this."

He plucks the cigarette from between my lips, tossing it to the dusty ground. He lets his own smoke fall beside mine, crushing them both under his steel toe. In one swift motion, he's swept me up into his arms once more. We pick up right where we left off at the Playpen, only now we're blessedly alone. It hasn't been more than a few hours since I had him last, but I'm already craving another taste of Leo. Luckily, I don't have to fiend any longer.

I slide my hands beneath his leather cut, under his plain black tee shirt. My fingers bump along his defined abs as I wrap my arms around his tapered waist. His smooth, tanned skin, marked though it may be with scars and ink, feels better than fine silk to me. Leo buries his fingers in my long, black curls as I stand on tip toe, reaching my lips up toward him. This mighty man is at least twice as big as me, but that no longer makes me tremble. At least, not with fear. Leo is full of power and strength, but I know that he would never turn it against me. No matter what happens, I trust him in that. And that's more than I can say for some of the other men who have wandered into my life.

Leo breaks away from our kiss and strides over to his bike, whipping open a saddlebag. I laugh as he produces a thick flannel blanket and spreads it out across the dusty ground.

"So you planned for this?" I ask, cocking an eyebrow at him.

"I hoped," he grins, taking my hand once more.

He tugs me back toward him, lowering himself onto the surprisingly soft blanket. I kneel before him, trying to commit this scene to memory. His sculpted form is backlit by the surging, spiraling mass of light and energy that is Las Vegas. Up above, a firmament of flickering stars shimmers, each pinprick working hard to be seen through the blazing aura that glows above Sin City. The whole thing is almost too gorgeous to bear.

Leo scoops me up into his lap, laughing at my bemused expression. "What is it?" he asks.

"This is just...amazing, Leo," I breathe, taking his bearded face in my hands, "I can't believe that I'm here with you, in the middle of all this."

"Well, believe it babe," he says, his fingers brushing against the small of my back, "I wouldn't want anyone else to be here with me."

"You mean that?" I ask earnestly, "I'm not just one more in a long line of chicks?"

"I mean, there have been others. Many others," Leo allows, "But none like you."

"How do I know you're not just saying that to be nice?" I tease, half-serious.

"I'll prove it to you," Leo growls, bringing his lips to my neck. He kisses me slowly, working his way along my collarbone, across my best. His scruffy beard brushes against my skin, tickling me delightfully.

"How will you prove it, Mr. Bane?" I ask, giving him my best wide-eyed ingenue.

"Easy," he grins, "I'll let you be on top."

I laugh as Leo lies back on the blanket, pulling me on top of him. I'm straddling this incredible specimen of a man, my hands planted on his firm chest. I can feel him growing hard, his thick member pressing intently against my sex. A deep, throbbing need revs up in my core, echoing through my body. I'm perpetually turned on in this man's presence, but a new spike of desire surges through me. The rest of the world falls away as I lower my mouth to his once more. The taste of him has me drunk, fearless, down for just about anything.

He grabs hold of my firm ass as our tongues twist together. I writhe against his hard body, exhilarated to be in so much control. Screw the fact that we're out in the open, where any wandering soul could come upon us. I can't bring myself to care about that. I tear off my black top, relishing the feel of Leo's hands around my tiny waist. Grinding against his stiffening cock, I reach down and whip open his belt buckle, tugging his jeans down his sculpted legs.

"You're insatiable," he grins, popping open the button of my pants.

"Only for you," I breathe, sliding out of my skinny jeans and casting them aside.

Our denim layers lay on the blanket beside us, entangled just like we are. His briefs and my panties are the only things separating us now, and just barely. Balancing on his powerful frame in nothing but my unmentionables, I feel like the uncontested Queen of the World. It's a rare man who can make a woman feel this powerful, this adored, and this full of unquenchable desire all at once. And I've got this rare man all to myself.

"God..." I murmur, freeing Leo's massive cock from his cotton briefs, "You're so hard."

"That's what you do to me," he groans, bucking his hips gently against me.

His eyes close in bliss as I work my fingers all along the length of his manhood. My own sex is aching with want of him. I can't believe how fierce my need is. I've only just had him earlier tonight, but I can't resist any longer-not that I'd want to. Leo was right about one thing; I've never had a man like him before. And if all of this is really going to end the second Kassie is restored to the Nine, I'm going to savor every moment with my Devil's Wraith.

Leo slips my black panties down over my ass, just as I tug his briefs away. I'm wet with want and so ready to feel him inside of me again. I gasp, tightening my grasp around Leo's cock as he slides two fingers along my slick slit.

"Guess that's just what I do to you too, huh?" he grins, brushing his fingertips against my hard clit. A low moan rises from my lips as he teases that tender bud. How does he know exactly how to touch me after just a couple of days?

"I want to take you inside of me," I whisper, working my hands along his shaft. I let my thumbs trace the swollen ridge of his head, and a breath catches in his throat. "Can I, Leo?"

"God yes," he groans, grabbing hold of my hips, "I want you to slide down onto me, Kelly. I want to split you open."

I plant my hands on his broad, inked shoulders, meeting his gaze dead on. Those golden eyes gleam darkly in the moonless night, but I can feel the heat of his intent stare. I lower my hips, letting his stiff cock brush against the rise of my ass. The very tip of him glances against that tight circle of muscle there, that place we've yet to explore together.

"You're gonna kill me, girl," he laughs, his voice rasping with lust.

"Maybe someday," I grin, guiding his member forward. "But this is where I want to feel you now, baby..."

We moan as one as his swollen head presses against my wet sex. I'm poised just above him, making us both wait a moment longer. My breath is coming hard and fast as I let the instant stretch on as long as I can. But I'm not made of stone-I can't hold out any longer. Inch by inch, I lower myself onto Leo's thick, throbbing cock. My mouth falls open in a wordless howl of bliss as he glides into me, straight into my very center. I light up from the inside, overcome with the rapture of feeling Leo move inside me.

I lean back, pressing down against him. He's even deeper now, opening me to him with every tiny move. Slowly, I start to rock against him, driving his stiff member even further into my eager body. He meets my every stroke, his eyes rapt on my flushed face. I shove my hands through my hair as I ride him, bouncing on his massive manhood. An elated smile spreads across my face as his shaft rubs deliciously against my clit, sending shockwaves of pleasure through my every cell.

My breasts bounce as we buck wildly, egging each other on. I can feel him growing even harder inside of me, ready to burst at any second. But he's not content to get off and call it a night-that much I know for certain. He brings his strong hands to my thighs, stroking my tender skin. I lean back, gasping as his cock glides even deeper. A cry erupts from my throat as he lays two fingers against my throbbing clit.

"Leo-" I gasp, my head falling back between my shoulders, "That's so good..."

"I want to make you come, baby," he growls, bearing down on that sensitive nub, "I want to feel you come with my cock inside of you. I want to come with you, Kelly."

"I'm so close," I breathe, "I'm just about-"

But words fail me as I barrel ahead toward the precipice of insane pleasure with Leo right alongside me. We move madly, driving each other forward, racing toward orgasm. Leo thrusts into me with incredible, precise force as his fingers rub my clit in delectable circles. I press into his pounding strokes, and scream out my joy as his cock collides with my g spot. A wash of sensation floods my body, and I come hard against his mighty manhood.

I feel Leo erupt inside of me as our orgasm transports us both. He gushes into me, filling me up with thick, elated bursts. The flood of feeling sweeps through me, knocking every worry and care straight out of my head. I'm renewed, washed clean, reborn in this moment. My body falls against his, and we clasp each other tightly as we finish together, riding the swell of pleasure as it rises and falls. His body shudders beneath me as he fills me up, and I finally collapse against his heaving chest, spent and contented.

Maybe we lay there together for a few minutes, maybe for a few hours. Time loses all meaning in the wake of our shared pleasure. The city trundles on soundlessly beneath us as the stars spin overhead. Eventually, we manage to recover. We dress wordlessly, trading silent smiles that speak volumes. We climb back onto Leo's bike, and make our way home once more. Our playful banter falls away for a spell, as we marvel at what we've shared with each other.

Or rather, what we've found in each other.

Chapter Fifteen

We fall asleep like babies that night, my back pressed against Leo's chest. As I drift off to sleep, I can almost imagine that we're like any ordinary couple. How wonderful it would be, to live with him like this-content, satisfied, safe. What if I didn't have to give this up, when this whole mess blows over? What if, for once, I dug my heels into the ground and refused to give up what I want most of all-to stay by Leo's side? Of course, I don't even know if he'll still want me, once he figures out the truth. Only time will tell.

My slumbering thoughts are interrupted by a persistent buzzing sound that drags me back into consciousness. For a moment I think there must be a mosquito zipping around my ears or something. I bat at the imagined insect for a spell, but then I realize that the rhythmic vibration could only be one thing: my cell phone ringing.

At once my eyes pop open, and the full weight of my situation hits me. Dawn has just broken beyond Leo's bedroom window, and my phone is blowing up. The bedside clock reads 5:00am, far too early for unexpected calls. I turn to gaze at Leo over my shoulder, and am struck dumb by his sleeping face. He looks so peaceful. So carefree. His hard features are softened by slumber, but still as stunning as ever. It's an effort to tear my eyes away long enough to spot my phone across the room.

Gingerly, I roll out from under Leo's heavy arm, clutching a bed sheet around my naked body. It would feel wrong to sleep in anything but the nude with Leo by my side. His body against mine is all I want while waking-why would I deprive myself through the night?

My phone is vibrating in my jeans pocket as call after call comes in. I scoop up the little device and peer down at the caller ID. My stomach clenches as I see Declan's number blazing there on the screen. I've changed his name in my phone to "Mom" for the time being-heaven forbid one of the Wraiths spot Declan Tiberi's name popping up on my cell. And actually, he's been acting a bit like a nagging mother these days. Glancing back at Leo, I throw on some hasty layers and hurry out of the room.

I steal through the darkened house, clutching my cell phone tightly in my hand. Where the hell am I supposed to answer Declan's insistent calls? It's five in the morning, I can't exactly start blabbering away about our scheme in the living room. I dart to the back of the house and disarm the security alarm beside the sliding glass door to the patio. Thank god Leo shared the code with me, as guilty as I feel using it this way.

The night air is warm around me as I step outside. The stones beneath my feet have cooled after a day baking in the sun, and the rolling hills around me are just beginning to brighten with the day. The breeze is cool, and smells like the end of summer. At last, I answer Declan's umpteenth call, not daring to raise my voice above a whisper.

"Declan," I hiss, "Do you have any idea what time it is?"

"All too well," he replies testily, "It's morning. Morning number three, Kelly. This charade has been going on long enough. I need some information on Kassie."

"Well, you're in luck," I tell him, "They let me see her last night."

His shocked silence resonates even through the phone. "They...let you...?" he splutters, "They let you see her, and you're just now telling me? Why didn't you call right away?"

"She wouldn't speak to any of the Wraiths, so Leo sent me in to have some girl talk with her. He has no idea we're best friends," I explain, ignoring the rest of his questions, "We're still in the clear."

"Is she alright?" Declan asks. My heartstrings twist at the concern in his voice. Dec and I may lock horns from time to time, but I know full well how much he cares for Kassie. That, at least, is something we have in common.

"She's fine. They haven't touched her," I assure him, "She's got a bottle of whiskey and a new pair of jeans. Everything's good."

"Thank god," he says, relief flooding his words, "That's great news, Kelly. Where are they keeping her?"

"In an RV in the Wraith's Nest," I tell him, "I'll be able to get to her again no problem, now. They're gonna let me play hostage nanny from here on-"

"That won't be necessary," Declan cuts me off, "We're coming for her. Today."

"What?!" I gasp, my stomach flipping over, "Declan, you can't do that. What about our plan? Are you crazy?"

"Not a bit," he replies calmly, "We've received some new information about Sam. An eyewitness says that Leo ran him off the road during that bullshit race. That's more than enough justification to-"

"No," I cut in, "That's not true. Leo would never-"

"Don't tell me you're coming down with a case of Stockholm Syndrome over there?" Declan scoffs, "Why shouldn't I believe that Leo killed Sam, after what he's done to Kassie?"

"Look, I'm sure that whoever's been feeding you this shit about the Wraiths is persuasive, but Declan, they're lying to you. Leo didn't even want to abduct Kassie in the first place. That was a club decision. He insisted on overseeing it, to make sure she wasn't hurt-"

"You don't have to protect Leo, Kelly," Declan says coolly.

"I'm not! Kassie will back me up on this-someone is messing with you, and doing a damn good job of it. The Wraiths have been getting all kinds of information, too. About the Nine. Terrible, trashy lies about your club. I don't know why, but someone is trying to turn the Wraiths and the Nine against each other."

"Who would want that? That's crazy talk," Declan says dismissively.

"Crazy or not, it's the truth," I insist, "Let me guess. You've been getting anonymous emails with all sorts of information about the Wraiths?" A moment of silence from Declan is all I need to know I've guessed right. "Leo's been getting the same kind of emails," I press on, "I'm going to hack into his account and find out who's been sending them. If you let me look at yours too, I can-"

"It's been three days," Declan says, his voice twisting with agony, "I need my old lady back, Kelly. I can't wait any longer. The time for peacemaking has passed."

"Just give me the morning," I plead, "Let me find out who's been sending out all this faulty information. If I can't figure it out on my own, you can get Kassie back on your terms. But you have to let me keep trying. Please."

"I can't let seventy two hours go by with her still gone," Declan says gravely, "You can have a few more, but that's it. Figure it out, or I'll handle it. My way."

And just like that, the line goes dead.

"Shit," I mutter, staring down at my silent phone, "Looks like my day just got a whole lot more interesting."

There's no way I can start snooping through Leo's email while he's still sleeping upstairs. With my luck, he'd stumble upon me the second I cracked open his inbox. And that's to say nothing of how guilty I'd feel in the act. No, the only thing to do is act natural. Act natural and hope Leo has some business at the Wraith's Nest that'll get him out of the house ASAP. I need some alone time with his hard drive if I'm going to sort this thing out.

As the morning sunlight starts to filter through the tall windows of Leo's home, I set to work on a breakfast fit for a king. I have no idea how today is going to play out, but I do have control of this tiny act of kindness for Leo. Who knows what might go down between the Wraiths and the Nine before the day is out, but at least I can give my man a good breakfast. There's a comfort for me in that.

My eyes sting with tears as I put on some coffee and get a couple of massive omelets cooking. I'll blame my watery eyes on the onions if pressed, but the real reason for my melancholy is knowing that this could be the last day I get to spend as Leo's girl. One way or another, the dice will have been cast by nightfall. Everything will be out in the open. The Wraiths will know that I'm Kassie's friend, an agent of Dante's Nine. And who knows if Leo will be able to forgive me for that?

As I'm slicing up a couple of apples, a new thought suddenly occurs to me. What if I was the one to tell Leo the truth?

I have to sit down, so stunned am I by the simplicity of this potential fix. I'll break into Leo's account and figure out who's been sending him these damned emails. I'll get Declan to call off his raid by sending him after the real villain. Then I'll tell Leo what I've found out and come clean about why I arrived at the Wraith's Nest in the first place. It's not a perfect plan, and he might still be mad, but it's the best idea I've come up with so far.

And that will have to be good enough.

I hear heavy footsteps on the stairs just as the coffee finishes brewing. Nothing like the smell of crispy bacon to get a man out of bed, it would seem. I wipe a few stray tears from my cheeks and plaster on my perkiest smile.

"Good morning, babe," I call, forcing lightness into my voice, "Hope you don't mind, I took it upon myself to whip up some breakfast."

"Mind?" Leo asks sleepily, stepping into the kitchen, "Why would I mind?"

I nearly start drooling at the sight of him. He's wandered downstairs in nothing but his favorite pair of perfectly worn jeans. His long hair is sleep-tousled, his eyes half-lidded. His bare chest and shoulders are relaxed, even in their sharp definition. I wish more than anything that I could drag him back to bed and have another round to start the day right...but I need to get him out the door as soon as I can. It's a damn tragedy.

"I don't know exactly what you like yet, so I just made a little of everything," I smile, sitting down at the kitchen table. "Help yourself!"

"How the hell do you just keep becoming more and more perfect?" he asks, settling down across from me, "This all looks amazing."

"Dig in," I say cheerfully, pouring myself a cup of black coffee, "I'm sure you have a busy day ahead of you."

"We both do," he says, grabbing a few slices of toast and slathering them with butter, "You're on nanny duty, remember?"

"Right," I say, swallowing my panic. I was hoping to have a few hours alone in the house, at least. "You'll need me back at the Nest, then?"

"Not right away," he says, "I want to go for a run before we head out. Been slacking since you got here. It's hard to get out the door to run a few miles when you got a sexy woman in your bed."

"At least we've been finding other ways to stay active," I smile. A long run, huh? That should do the trick. As long as he's gone long enough for me to do a little prying.

"Be careful," Leo warns, chomping down on a thick slice of bacon, "I don't want to have to sweep all this delicious food to the floor so I can have my way with you right on this table."

I shake my head, grinning like a lovesick kid. But that's what Leo makes me feel like, after all. Even amid all this impending chaos, I can't help but be charmed by him. Taking in the sight of him, shirtless across the breakfast table, one thing becomes abundantly clear. I can't say goodbye to all of this after only three days.

I just can't.

Leo takes his time with breakfast, fraying my nerves even further. I'm wound as tight as a spring by the time he finishes up and goes upstairs to throw on some running clothes. I turn down his offer to help with the dishes and give him a kiss, sending him off to log some miles. At long last, the front door closes behind him, and the security system arms itself. I watch him jog down the driveway and around the bend, holding my breath. Finally, he disappears from my sight. The house is all mine.

I dart through Leo's home, heart in my throat. I can't think about what I'm doing for more than a second, or I might lose my nerve. I find his office, a sunny room on the second floor I've never stepped foot in before. To my immense delight, Leo's laptop is open and unlocked. His desktop is unguarded, all of his information an open book for my perusal.

"Thank god," I mutter, settling down before the computer. Now my work can begin.

I open up Leo's email inbox and start scrolling frantically through his messages. I don't have to search too long before I start coming across the infamous emails-the ones Kassie warned me about. A dozen such messages have arrived in the past few days, all from different email addresses. My jaw drops open as I read them. Each is more damning than the next, and each contains some sordid tale about a dreadful wrong committed by Dante's Nine against the Devil's Wraiths.

One message claims that John Baxter has been stockpiling arms for a hostile takeover of the Wraith's Nest. Another says that Chuck and Kip have been frequenting the Playpen, trying to woo the dancers away in order to tank the Wraith's business. Yet another claims that the Nine are planning to rat the Wraiths out for prostitution and drug running if they don't cede some territory around Vegas. Each of the messages is wildly untrue, but just plausible enough to be troubling.

The worst of the messages is about Sam, my late bearded companion. I remember his kind eyes so vividly as I read an anonymous account of how Declan has been telling anyone who will listen that Leo murdered Sam. The email describes the rumors in infuriating detail: Declan's supposedly been claiming that Sam knew Leo's sister Emilia as a kid, maybe had a fling with her, and that Leo took Sam out because of some spiteful grudge. It's absolutely absurd.

"Let's see who you fuckers are, starting all this..." I mutter, scanning through all of the different email addresses.

It doesn't take much work to figure out where an email has arrived from. All you have to do is identify the IP address of the sender. Different computers have different IP addresses, and those can tell you who owns the device. I set to work tracing the dozen emails back to their sources, and a strange pattern starts to emerge at once. Each individual email is linked to the same IP address. Each one of these messages was sent from the same computer.

"What the...?" I breathe, double checking my findings. There's no doubt about it. One user has sent all these outrageous emails. But who is this fucker, and what is he up to?

I jump about a foot in the air as I hear the security alarm start to beep. I glance at the clock on Leo's desktop and gasp. Jesus, how has an hour gone by already? With quivering fingers, I close out of all the windows I have open and charge out of the computer room. I fly to the top of the stairs, peering down to find Leo in the entryway. His face is flushed and satisfied, but the corners of his lips turn down when he catches a glimpse of my expression.

"You OK, babe?" he asks, taking the stairs two at a time to join me upstairs.

"I'm...Um..." I stammer. Is it time to tell him what I've been up to? No. Not just yet. I need to figure out who's been sending these emails first. "I'm fine. Just waking up, still."

"Well hurry up," he laughs, "I'm gonna hop in the shower, and then we can get going. Sound good?"

"Oh. Sure," I say, "Do you, um, mind if I hop on your computer for a second? Want to check in with the rest of the world."

"Sure thing," he says, kissing me on the forehead, "Knock yourself out."

I wait until he's disappeared into the bathroom and fly back to the office at once. I'm racing with the clock, now, and so close to solving this once and for all. My fingers fly over the keyboard, pulling up page after page of information. It's surprisingly easy to pin down a name attached to the offending IP address. But in no time at all, I've got it. I stare at the unfamiliar name, completely at a loss as to who it might be.

"Michael Lorenzo?" I mutter, tasting the name on my tongue, "Who the hell is that?"

No time to find out now. The shower shuts off in the other room, and I close out of my open windows once again. I hurry to meet Leo out in the hallway. A pulse of lust cuts through my panic as he sidles toward me in nothing but a towel. Goddammit Kelly, focus, I chide myself.

"All yours," he says, laying a hand on my arm.

"Thanks," I say weakly, "I'll just be a second. Then we can go."

"Sounds good," he replies, as I skirt past him into the bathroom.

I close the door sharply behind me and turn on the shower once again. Locking the door, I pull my cell phone out of my pocket. Thank god for having far too much access to the internet. Perched on the edge of the tub, I pull up my phone's internet browser and punch in "Michael Lorenzo, Las Vegas, Nevada". At once, results start popping up, and I scroll through them with eager, vindictive interest. It takes a while to touch on anything good, but no one's safe from their own internet history. Now I've got him...

"What the fuck...?" I breathe, as a photo of the man swims up on my screen.

There, plain as day, is a face I know. A face I've only seen a couple of times, but that I'd recognize anywhere. It's Tot. The Nine's newest prospect. The picture is a few years old, to be sure, but I know that it's him. A quick image search shows me that he hasn't been going by "Michael Lorenzo" in recent history, but "Matthew DeVito". All of the more recent pictures from his social media pages and the like bear this new name. What could possibly be the meaning of this? I haven't the slightest idea, but maybe Kassie will.

I stand under the hot water for a moment or two and emerge once more, stashing my phone in my discarded clothes. Leo is already dressed and ready to go when I step out of the bathroom again.

"Just got a call from Mac. Says he needs me at the Nest as soon as possible," Leo says.

"Sure," I say softly, hurrying past him, "Gimme a second."

"You sure you're feeling OK?" he presses, as I throw on some clothes in a hurry, "You still look kind of spooked, babe."

"Just ready to start the day," I chirp, in a voice that soars above my usual octave.

"Whatever you say," Leo shrugs, "Let's do it, then."

I follow him out of the house and hop on the back of his Harley. Off we go again to the Wraith's Nest. Maybe Kassie will be able to help me sort through this baffling mess. I can't make sense of this Tot thing, and there's no way I'm saying a word about it until I'm sure of what's up. What if someone's setting this poor kid up, or blackmailing him or something? I don't want any innocent people to get hurt because of my hasty assumptions. Even a little rat bastard like him.

Still, time is of the essence. I don't know how long Declan is going to hold off before storming the Wraith's Nest to get Kassie back. It's already been hours since we spoke on the phone. For all I know, he could have already led the charge straight into Wraith territory. Clinging to Leo's powerful body, I say a silent prayer to any god that might be listening.

Just give me a little more time, I plead with the powers that be, All I need is time.

Storm clouds roll along the horizon, creeping toward us across the dusty desert. It's scarcely rained since I've been in Vegas, but now the air is charged with the energy of an impending storm. Oh, great. That's just what I need right now: a terrible, ominous omen of things to come.

"Looks like trouble," Leo shouts, nodding toward the roiling clouds.

You have no idea, I think to myself, pressing my cheek against his back and closing my eyes tight.

We roll past the battered wooden sign bearing the sigil of the Wraiths. In the gathering duskiness of the sky, the club's namesake looks more like a reaper, beckoning us to follow her. My usual intrigue with the wraith gives way to mounting terror. I don't want to think about any reapers lurking around this place.

Leo guides his Harley up to the Nest, pulling up next to Kassie's four-wheeled cell. The compound is relatively quiet at this hour of high noon. All of the Playpen patrons have scattered for the day, and the girls are nowhere to be seen. It's only as I climb off Leo's bike that I notice the fleet of Harley's parked outside the Wraith's clubhouse. Looks like chapel is in session.

"You gonna be OK on your own with her?" Leo asks, nodding at the RV.

"Sure," I reply with a forced smile, "We'll bake cookies and paint our nails, or something. You, uh, gonna be a while in there?"

"I dunno," Leo says, "Mac didn't say what the meeting was about."

"Did it sound important?" I ask, "It's weird for you guys to be meeting in the middle of the day, isn't it?"

"It sounds urgent," Leo allows, "But don't you worry about a thing. Your only job is to keep our visitor calm. Let us the handle the club business."

"Right," I say quietly, as Leo unlocks the RV's dead-bolted door.

"Don't be nervous," he smiles, tucking a stray curl behind my ear, "Everything's going to be just fine."

A fat raindrop dashes itself against my cheek as Leo leans in to kiss me. His firm lips catch mine, taking the edges off my mounting panic. The sky cracks open as he breaks away, leaving me alone with Kassie.

"I'm not going to let anything bad happen to you," he says, "That's a promise."

"I believe you," I whisper, holding his face in my hands. And it's the truth. But it's not me I'm worried about in all of this. It's him.

I watch as Leo turns and walks away from me, striding across the Wraith's Nest as a heavy rain starts to fall down around us. He seems to walk between the heavy drops, the wraith emblazoned on his retreating back. It isn't until he steps inside the chapel that I finally wrench open the door of the RV and step inside.

"Kelly, you're soaked!" Kassie exclaims, emerging from the motor home's tiny bedroom.

"It's fine," I say, waving away her concern, "Listen-"

"You should get into some dry things," she goes on, "Here, take my-"

"No time," I tell her, pacing around the tiny space, "I hacked into Leo's email this morning, Kassie."

"Really? What did you find?" she asks, snapping into action mode at once.

"About a dozen of those emails you were talking about, all of them full of shit," I say, sitting down at the kitchen table, "They were all sent from different email addresses."

"Anonymous?" she asks, sitting opposite me. She pours us each a nip of whiskey and pushes one across the table to me.

"Seemingly anonymous," I say, "But I traced all of them back to a single IP address. They were all sent from the same computer, Kassie."

"Do you know whose computer it is?" she asks, taking a long swig of her drink.

"That's the thing," I tell her, "I've got a name, but it doesn't make any sense."

"Tell me," she insists.

"Alright," I say, "The name attached to the IP address is Michael Lorenzo."

"Who?" she asks.

"Exactly," I say, "Didn't ring any bells for me, either. I searched for him, and had to dig for a whole hour to find a single photo. But...I did find something eventually. I ran an image search with this old picture I managed to find."

"And?" she asks.

"And...Michael Lorenzo is going by a new name these days," I say, "Matthew DeVito."

The color drains out of Kassie's face as the information sinks in.

"But that's...that's Tot's name..." she says slowly.

"It was his picture that came up, too," I tell her, "The photo was a couple years old, but it was clear as day. Tot owns the computer that those emails were sent from. And I bet you anything that if I looked at the emails Declan's been getting, they'd lead to the same place."

"But that doesn't make any sense," Kassie says, shaking her head, "Why would Tot do something like this? He seems like such a sweetheart! And why the hell would he be going by a new name?"

"I was hoping you might have a guess," I tell her, "What do you know about this kid?"

"Not much," she says, "He started hanging around at the end of the summer. Said he'd come from a pretty abusive home situation. He was looking for a new start, he said. He became a prospect just after Sam was killed."

"That's pretty convenient timing," I point out.

"I guess it is," Kassie says, her voice pained, "Have we been played by a fucking prospect? Unbelievable..."

"He may just be a pawn," I say, "Someone working for another club?"

"Dante's Nine doesn't have enemies," Kassie insists, "We're happy with our territory, we don't step on anyone's toes. We're all about living this life in peace."

"Come on," I scoff, "There's no way the Nine haven't accrued some enemies over the years, Kassie."

"I'm telling you, we're on great terms with the other local MC's," Kassie says firmly.

"Well...what if he's not working for another MC, then?" I go on, "What if he's like, a narc or something?"

"A narc?" Kassie repeats, smiling wryly.

"You know what I mean," I say, "He could be some undercover law enforcement type or something, for all we know."

"That doesn't follow," Kassie says, shaking her head, "If he was a cop, why would he be trying to stir up trouble between the Wraiths and the Nine?"

"Entrapment?" I suggest.

"Wait," Kassie gasps, grabbing my wrist, "What did you say his name was? His real name, I mean."

"Michael Lorenzo," I tell her, "Why?"

"Lorenzo..." she breathes, her wide eyes fixed on my face.

"What?" I ask, alarmed by her petrified gaze, "What does that mean?"

"Lorenzo was the name of the man forcing Declan into those fights last summer," she says, her voice small, "Declan handed him over to the police in exchange for the club's immunity. He went to prison, Kassie."

"Shit," I breathe, "Do you think...Could this be the same family?"

"If it is," Kassie says, "Then little Tot has a whole lot of power behind him."

I'm just about to speak again when something catches my eye out the RV window. Or rather, someone. Leo is charging across the compound like a mad bull with Mac right on his tail. Even in the dim light of the rainy afternoon, his eyes are blazing with fury. And he's headed straight for us.

"What the hell...?" I muse, staring at him through the streaked glass.

"Christ, what now?" Kassie groans, gripping the edges of the table.

We don't have to wait long to find out. In no time, Leo's flown across the lot to us. He nearly rips the RV's door off its hinges, bursting inside. Cold fear pulses through my veins as Leo storms into the tiny space. Though he's always a towering figure, he seems even bigger here-swollen with outrage and white hot anger. And though I've seen him mad before, there's something about this moment that is unlike any that have come before:

His furious eyes are fixed on me.

"Leo..." I whisper, "Baby, what-?"

"Don't 'baby' me," he growls through gritted teeth.

"What's happened?" I press, edging as far away from him as the enclosed space allows.

"Just hold on now, Leo," Mac commands, breathing hard as he steps into the RV, "Don't do anything you're going to regret later."

Kassie and I trade terrified looks across the table. Leo catches our unspoken communication and lets out a mean laugh.

"That's right. You two are probably telepathic or some shit by now. Seeing how close you are and everything."

Oh no, I think desperately to myself, Oh no no no...

"I don't know what you're talking about," Kassie says, fighting to keep her voice even, "But I don't appreciate you barging in here-"

"And I don't appreciate being lied to," Leo snarls, whipping out his cell phone and slamming it down on the table before me. There's a tiny video buffering on the screen. I glance at the phone and stare up at him, baffled.

"You want me to...watch a YouTube video?" I ask, "Right now?"

"Oh, do I," Leo spits, pressing play on the device.

Kassie and I lean nervously over the phone as the video queues up. I have no idea what's going on, or why Leo is so angry about something he found online. The theme music of some trashy morning talk show pipes through the phone's speakers. This whole thing has just gone from scary to surreal.

"Welcome back," chirps the peppy blonde host of the program, her tiny face beaming on the cell phone screen, "If you're just tuning in, we've been chatting with one of Hollywood's newly rising stars, Bryan Richards."

My jaw nearly hits the kitchen table as the video cuts to the face of my narcissistic ex-boyfriend. He flashes a million dollar grin at the camera, looking like a man on top of the world.

"Thanks again for having me, CeeCee," he croons.

"Where did you find this?!" I ask Leo.

"Tyke likes his morning shows," Leo scowl back.

I look on helplessly as the interview unfolds.

"Bryan," CeeCee chirps, "You've just scored your first leading role in a major motion picture franchise. Before our commercial break, we were talking about the wonderful timing of this gig for you, personally. This is your first major role, after a career spent mostly in soaps. And you were in a pretty rough place recently, weren't you?"

"That I was, CeeCee," Bryan sighs, "You see, just before this casting was announced, I was dealing with a pretty devastating breakup."

"Yikes! Your ex doesn't have very good timing," the blonde laughs.

"She just had other ambitions," Bryan says, oh-so-charitably, "She's absolutely brilliant. Went off to help launch some tech startup. She doesn't need me to make her millions for her."

"We've got a picture of the two of you," the host goes on.

"Oh no," I whisper.

"Oh yes," Leo growls.

The video jumps against to a snapshot of me and Bryan in LA, canoodling with some entertainment types at a fancy party. His gym-sculpted arm is wrapped around my waist, and I'm wearing some horrendously bougie cocktail dress. My skin crawls just looking at this artifact from my past. Who was I kidding, thinking that was where I belonged? The photo is only up for a moment, but that's all it takes.

"This is you and your ex-girlfriend Kelly, yes?" the host asks.

"Kelly Rodgers, that's right," Bryan nods, smiling wistfully, "I asked her to marry me, actually. But she turned me down. She's the one who got away."

"And you say that it was a job that separated you?" presses the blonde.

"Yes," Bryan says, "She moved to Las Vegas to team up with a college friend of hers on a new crowd funding website. She and Kassie Bennett, that's her partner, have always been close. I'm sure they'll be very successful."

"Bryan Richards," Kassie says through gritted teeth, "You motherfucker."

"Do you have anything you wish you could say to Kelly, if you could?" the host asks, beaming at Bryan.

"Why yes, CeeCee, I do," Bryan says, turning his eyes toward the camera. "Kelly, if you're listening out there...I'm so sorry. I wish I could ask you for a second chance, but I guess our paths have already split too far apart. Wherever you are, I hope that you're happy. And safe. And surrounded by people who care about you."

I lift my gaze to Leo and Mac, staring down at me with blank, angry eyes.

"You sonofabitch," I mutter at the phone, pushing it away with trembling fingers, "I've seen enough, thank you."

"So," Mac says, clapping his hands together, "It looks like the two of you ladies have a bit of explaining to do."

"Leo," I say softly, moving to rise from my seat.

"Stay where you are," he snaps, "You're not moving until you've told me the truth."

I stare up at him from my seat at the dingy kitchen table. And for the briefest of moments, his veneer of anger cracks. A rolling storm of hurt is raging inside of him, far fiercer than the rain that pelts the roof of the RV above us. Yes, he's furious with me, but more than anything he feels betrayed by my deception. And that's to say nothing of my omission that I was nearly engaged to an implausibly famous actor just a month ago.

"I'm sorry, Leo," I say softly.

"You're sorry?" he repeats, looking at me like I'm a stranger, "Sorry doesn't even begin to fix this, Kelly. You've tried to undermine my club. You lied to me-"

"I never-this wasn't-" I stammer, "I'm not here to hurt your MC, Leo."

"No?" he presses, "Then what the hell are you doing here? Who the hell are you?"

"I'm still the same person," I assure him, "This doesn't have to change anything."

"It changes everything," Leo growls, caging me into the booth with his thick, cut arms.

"Tell us what's going on. The whole story, now," Mac demands. My heart skips a beat as I see his hand drift to the weapon he keeps on him at all times.

"Alright," Kassie says quickly, setting her hands on the table, "No problem, Mac. Kelly, tell them why you're here."

I take a deep breath, placing my hands on the table as Kassie has. My heart is fluttering like a swarm of hummingbirds, but I fight to keep my voice even.

"Everything Bryan said in that interview is true," I begin, meeting Leo's fiery gaze, "Before moving to Vegas, I was living in LA doing freelance event marketing work. I was dating Bryan, and he did propose to me. I turned him down and took up Kassie's offer to come and work for her, designing her new website. Kassie and I met at Berkeley. We both got our masters in computer science there."

"I don't need an autobiography," Mac drawls, "What are you doing here?"

"I only moved to Vegas about a month ago," I go on, "But I'd visited Kassie here while she was interning for Declan Tiberi last summer. During that trip, we had a run-in with this sleazy gangster who was forcing Dec into some brutal underground fighting shit. I learned all about Kassie's involvement with Declan and Dante's Nine. When I moved here for good, I knew that she's gotten even deeper with the Nine as Declan's old lady. But I still hadn't told her the truth about my own MC history."

"Which is?" Mac prompts me.

"Which is exactly as I've told it to you," I say, appealing to Leo, "Everything you know about my past with the Wraiths is true. My cousin became a member when I was still a kid, I almost got involved with the SoCal chapter-"

"Is Rail in on this too, then?" Leo asks, crossing his thickly corded arms.

"No," I say emphatically, "Matthew had no idea what I was up to when I asked him for an introduction here. I swear."

"Your word doesn't carry much weight, Kelly," Mac says archly, "But we'll give Rail the benefit of the doubt. For now."

"Look. When I got to Vegas, things between the Wraiths and the Nine had already started getting tense," I hurry on, "I was there at the Forty-Five Club when you guys showed up to have words with the Nine. And I was there the night you took Kassie."

"No you weren't," Leo insists, "There were only four other girls in the bar-"

"Five," I correct him, "I got wedged behind the front door when you came in."

"How lucky for you," Mac sneers.

"The guys refused to call the cops after Kassie was abducted," I continue, "They knew better than to involve the police. But they also decided not to come after you. Declan and the guys knew that there had to have been some kind of misunderstanding, because they never did anything to deserve-"

"They've been shitting on our good name for months," Mac snaps.

"Just listen," I plead, "Once they learned about my relationship with the Wraiths, they decided to send me in. Not to sabotage or hurt you, just to make sure Kassie was OK. And maybe try and fix things between your clubs, if I could."

"And what a good job you've done," Mac chuckles.

"I was only supposed to come around as a sweet butt, or a conveniently fuckable computer nerd," I say to Leo, ignoring Mac's jabs, "I never expected you to claim me for you own, Leo. I never thought I'd be so lucky. Snagging you was never part of my plan. You weren't tricked or trapped, you chose me all on your own. And I'm so glad you did-"

"Enough of that," Mac interrupts me, "I might be sick if you keep going."

I bite my tongue, eyes fixed firmly on Leo's face. Despite his stoic expression, I can see his anger ebbing away. There's something new beneath that furious visage now, and it looks a lot like hope...maybe even a hint of that trust we've built up between us. I have to keep drawing it out, I can't let him think the worst of me.

"I know that I kept things from you," I say to him, "I'm so sorry that I had to do that. But Leo, the rest of what's happened between us hasn't been a lie. Not to me. I came here to help my best friend, but I ended up falling for you in the meanwhile. I never planned that, but that's what happened. Leo, I think I'm falling for-"

"Shhh," Mac hisses, ears pricking up, "Shut up for a second."

The four of us hold perfectly still, listening to the sound of the rain against this giant tin can. But beneath the cacophony of stinging drops, a faint rumble swells. I lock eyes with Kassie across the table as it becomes all too clear what that growing sound is: a swarm of motorcycles descending on the Wraith's Nest. Nine motorcycles, if I had to guess.

"Looks like the cavalry has arrived," Mac snarls, grabbing his gun, "Let's roll out the welcome wagon, Leo."

"Wait," I plead, grabbing onto Leo's arm, "You have to listen to me-"

"I have listened, Kelly. And now it's time to act," he says gravely, shaking me off with all the restraint he can muster.

"You don't understand," I urge, "I've figured out what's going on, who's trying to-"

"No time sweetheart," Mac says, striding toward the door, "Come on, Leo."

"Leo, please," I beg, springing up from the table as he walks away, "You have to-"

"Stay in here," he commands, holding up a firm hand to stop me in my tracks, "I'll deal with the two of you after."

"After what?" Kassie whispers.

"Just...after," Leo says, his face pulled into an anguished grimace, "Don't. Move."

And with that, Leo storms out of the RV and slams the door behind him. I rush to follow, but the deadbolt snaps into place before I can catch him.

"No!" I scream, pounding my fists against the pockmarked door, "Leo! Don't-"

"It's too late," Kassie says, staring out the window at the pouring rain, "They're already here, Kelly."

I bolt over to join her at the window and feel time grind to a screeching halt. Nine sets of headlights cut through the stormy afternoon, bearing down on the compound. Dante's Nine has arrived in full force to rescue Kassie. Mac and Leo stride out to meet them as the rest of the Wraiths pour out of the chapel. Each man's face is set in a deep scowl, their fists balled into angry fists. This is no mere confrontation. This is a battle about to begin.

"What are we going to do?" Kassie asks, sounding younger than I've ever heard her.

"We have to tell them what's really going on," I say quickly, "We have to tell them about Tot. And Lorenzo-"

"How, a fucking smoke signal?" she snaps, "We're locked in here, they're out there. It's too late."

I stare helplessly through the rain-streaked window as the Nine skid to a halt at the center of the Wraith's Nest. The Devil's Wraiths stride out to meet them dead on, creating an impenetrable barrier between the Nine and the RV where Kassie and I are trapped. I watch as Declan swings down off his Harley and rips off his helmet, squaring off against Leo. The two men storm toward each other, their shoulders high and tight with tense fury.

"They're going to kill each other," I whisper, and the second the words leave my mouth I know that they're true. If we don't stop them, if I don't stop them, either my or Kassie's man isn't going to live to see tomorrow.

"Declan, no..." Kassie whispers, fat tears sliding down her cheeks. In a fight between Declan and Leo, it's anyone's guess who would win. But with the damage they could do to each other, even the winner of that fight would be ruined.

I wrench my eyes away from the unfolding scene, searching wildly around the RV for something, anything that might help. As the raised voices of Leo and Declan carry into our metallic cell, my eyes land on the heavy frying pan that Kassie's been arming herself with during her captivity. Without pausing to think, I snatch up the cast-iron tool and turn toward the window.

"If I were you," I say to Kassie, "I'd maybe duck."

"Duck? Why?" she asks, turning to face me as I cock back the pan with both hands. "Kelly, what the-?!"

I slam the frying pan against the RV window, sending a deep crack snaking along the glass. Kassie cries out as I raise my arms again and smash the heavy object once more against the glass. I rain blow after blow down against the flimsy barrier until it shatters into a thousand pieces. Shards of glass explode into the rainy afternoon as the window falls away. Letting the pan drop to the floor, I kick the sharp, jagged edges out of the window frame. A gust of wet air surges into the RV through our brand new escape hatch. Kassie stares at me, wide-eyed, as I let out a startled laugh.

"It worked," I say.

"I'll say," Kassie replies.

"You coming?" I ask, nodding at the busted window.

"You are one crazy bitch," she breathes, "I love it."

Adrenaline pulses thickly through my veins as Kassie lays her leather jacket across the hazardous window frame. I grab onto the gaping hole and hoist myself up. At once, my curls start whipping around like mad in the gusting wind. I'm pelted with thick drops as I clamor through the window, squinting up at the fight unfolding between the clubs.

I drop to my hands and knees in the dampening dust, reaching up to help Kelly climb down from her tower. She leaps down to join me, and we take off at a dead run together, throwing ourselves into the gathering fray.

"Leo!" I scream, charging toward the men, "Leo, wait!"

"Declan! Dec!" Kassie cries, racing along beside me, "I'm here! I'm OK!"

As one, the burly bikers snap their heads around toward us. Their jaws fall open as we run straight into their midst. The two MCs back away from each other as Kassie goes flying toward Declan. He rushes to meet her, throwing open his arms as she takes a running leap. Declan catches Kassie up in his leather-clad arms, hugging her fiercely to his chest. Their lips meet at once, making up for lost time. For a moment, it's all any of us can do to stare at the reunited lovers.

"Kassie..." Declan breathes, taking her face in his hands, "Baby, you're alright-"

"I'm fine Dec," she beams, "But you've got to listen to us right now, before anything else happens."

"Get behind me," Declan insists, placing himself in front of his old lady, "I don't want these animals coming anywhere near you-"

"You don't understand Declan," I say, stepping up beside Leo, "If you'd just listen-"

"What, have you sided with them now?" he asks meanly, "I should have known. You've got 'traitor' written all over you."

"There is a traitor here today," I snap, taking a step toward the Nine, "But it's not me."

"What are you talking about?" Declan spits.

I scan the faces of Dante's Nine, the club I've been trusting my best friend in the world to. Finally, my gaze falls upon the newest prospect of the Nine, the source of all this trouble. I raise a trembling hand and point straight at Tot. The boy's eyes go wide with terror as the rest of the men turn to stare at him.

"This one," I say slowly, "Is behind everything."

"What do you mean, Kelly?" Leo asks, "How-?"

"Tot, or Matthew DeVito, as he's been calling himself, is the one who's been sending out all of those emails to you and Declan," I say to Leo, my eyes still fixed on the prospect's face.

"You've been getting emails too?" Declan asks Leo.

"Tons," Leo replies, golden eyes heavy on Tot's baby face.

"How could you possibly know who's been sending those messages?" asks John Baxter from Declan's side, "And why would Tot do something like that?"

"I hacked into Leo's email account and found out that every message was being sent from the same computer. Sorry babe," I add for Leo's benefit, "The computer that all of the emails are coming from belongs to this man. Only, Matthew DeVito isn't the name attached to it."

"Then what the hell are you talking about?" the wiry Chuck snarls.

"His name isn't Matthew DeVito," I press on, as Tot's chin begins to quiver, "It's really Michael Lorenzo."

In the blink of an eye, the eight patched members of Dante's Nine have Tot surrounded. The mere mention of the name "Lorenzo" is enough to put them on high alert. The doe-eyed prospect whips around wildly, searching futilely for some way out of the Nine's grasp. But there's no use. He's not going anywhere.

"Your name is Michael Lorenzo?" Declan growls, as the Nine advance on the younger man, caging him in.

"I...Dec..." Tot whispers frantically, "Please..."

"Is your name Michael Lorenzo?" Declan roars, grabbing onto the front of Tot's cut.

"Look at his face," Mac puts in, "You've got your answer."

"You weren't supposed to find out," Tot blabbers, terrified.

"Then it's true?" Declan raves, "You thought you could fool use, you piece of shit?"

"I-" Tot cries.

"Except we do know," John Baxter says, standing beside Declan, "You've been trying to ruin us, Tot."

"I never wanted to do this," Tot says, his voice cracking, "You've got to believe me, I didn't want to-"

"Do you honestly think that matters?" Declan scoffs.

"Bring him into the Playpen," Mac says, leading the way toward the strip club, "I think we all deserve some answers."

"Come on," Declan growls, dragging Tot away, "You've got some explaining to do."

Kassie trails after Declan as all the men file off to find someplace dry for their inquisition. Only Leo stays behind, his golden eyes heavy on my face. I turn to look up at him through the pouring rain, searching his face for understanding, maybe even forgiveness.

"Leo..." I begin, taking a tentative step toward him.

"Don't," he cuts me off, laying his hands on my hips, "Don't speak. Not yet. This whole thing is far from over. We'll get to us later."

"Us?" I breathe, resting my hands on his chest, "There's still an 'us', then?"

"Babe," Leo says, slipping his arms around my waist, "There will always be an 'us'."

I throw my arms around his neck, jubilant relief pouring down like the wild rain. He brings his lips swiftly to mine, and I can taste the relief in his kiss, too. Our passion sweeps us away as we embrace in the pouring rain. We'll be soaked to the bone in no time at all, but neither of us could give a damn about that.

"Before," Leo says, pulling away just an inch, "In the RV, right as the Nine showed up...I think you were saying something?"

"Oh," I gasp, blushing red in the grey afternoon. I'd almost slipped in that moment and told Leo that I'm falling for him, hard.

"You don't have to say anything now," Leo tells me, holding my face in his strong hands, "There's something I have to get off my chest."

"W-what is it?" I ask, mesmerized by his golden gaze.

"You're mine, Kelly Rodgers," he breathes, "I knew I wanted you since the moment you showed up here. And whatever happens now between the Wraiths and the Nine-and hell, even the Lorenzo family-that's never going to change."

"Leo!" Mac bellows from over my shoulder

Leo and I turn to see the Wraiths president beckoning us inside the Devil's Playpen. It's an unconventional place for a trial, but hey, unconventional is what these guys do best.

"Let's go deal with our vermin problem," Leo says, wrapping his arm around my waist.

"All of us?" I ask, "The Wraiths and the Nine, together?"

"Sure," he shrugs.

"You guys were just about to kill each other a minute ago," I point out.

"Yeah, well, a lot can change in a minute," Leo says, "Come on."

We walk across the Wraith's Nest together, united as ever. I can scarcely believe that this is all really happening. Here I thought that the truth would ruin everything between Leo and me. But really, it's only going to make us stronger than ever. I guess it truly is like Leo said-no matter what happens, we will always be alright, in the end.

There will always, always be us.

Chapter Sixteen

"Mac, the early birds will be showing up any minute," Blaire pouts, hands planted on g-stringed hips. The four senior strippers of the Devil's Playpen are not pleased about a horde of soaking wet men interfering with their business. It's quite the peculiar sight, a foursome of scantily clad women staring down a throng of bikers and holding their own.

"You have to have your interrogation here?" Rachel asks, "That's not exactly a turn on for most people, you guys."

"We don't like snitches any more than you do," Quinn points out, arching a perfect eyebrow at Tot. He's flanked by Teddy and Frank, trapped like the rat he is.

"I'm not a snitch," Tot squeaks.

"No. You're just a damned idiot," Emma sniffs, flicking a blonde tress over her shoulder.

The men of the Wraiths and the Nine stare, transfixed, at the four women before them. Leave it to a herd of dudes to be distracted from high treason by a few sets of tits. I shake my head at the speechless men and take a step toward the Playpen ladies.

"We'll be quick, I'm sure," I tell the girls, "Just keep your customers at bay until we figure out what to do with Tot."

"Alright," Blaire sighs, "If I were you, I'd just toss him in a ditch. But I'm a traditionalist, I guess."

The quartet of star strippers walk away, glaring daggers at the disgraced prospect. You don't mess with an MC's women, after all. The moment the girls are gone, Declan pushes Tot down into a chair and cuffs his wrists behind him. I raise an eyebrow at Kassie when I spot Declan's cuffs, and she offers a wink in return. To each their own, I always say.

"Alright," John Baxter growls, standing in front of the trembling Tot, "Give us one good reason why we shouldn't end you, kid."

"Come on you guys," Tot pleads, "The girls are safe, nobody died, everything's fine-"

"The 'girls'?!" Leo and Declan shout in unison.

"That's my old lady you're talking about, scum bag," Declan spits.

"You don't refer to Kelly as 'the girl'. Not ever," Leo growls.

As dire as this situation is, I can't help but be a little pleased by my guy's hair trigger protective impulse. That kind of thing always bothered me in the past, but only because the guys I used to date could never back up their posturing-Leo's not all talk.

"If you won't be straight with us, we'll do this the hard way," Leo goes on, pulling a fierce switch blade out of his cut, "Are you working alone?"

"Shit..." Tot mutters, "You know I can't tell you guys anything. They'll kill me if I do."

"We'll kill you if you don't," Declan shrugs, "But if you talk, at least you'll still be breathing we're done with you."

"What'll it be?" Leo says, advancing on Tot with the blade drawn.

"Wait," the prospect pleads, "I can explain-"

"Then explain," Leo says, grabbing a handful of the boy's hair. He yanks back, leaving the prospect's throat exposed. For a heartbeat, I'm convinced that this is the end for Tot.

"Fine! Fine," Tot cries, "I'll tell you everything I know."

Leo lets go of him roughly, keeping the blade open in his hand. The prospect's chest is heaving, fear shining in his eyes.

"There. Was that so hard?" Mac smiles menacingly.

"Here's the truth," Tot whispers, staring at Leo's blade with wide eyes, "My name is Michael Lorenzo. I only used the name Matthew DeVito to get into your MC. I'm sorry I lied-"

"You're not in our MC," Chuck sniffs, "You're just a damn prospect."

"My uncle was the man you got locked up last summer," Tot goes on.

"He got himself locked up," Declan says, "He was having men fight to the death. He got what he deserved."

"My family would beg to differ," Tot replies. I can hear the familial pride shining through his voice, as scared as he is. It's buried beneath ice cold terror, but there all the same.

"So, what, they sent you in here to stir up trouble between our MC's?" Leo asks, "I get their beef with the Nine, but what do we have to do with it?"

"The Lorenzo's needed the Nine to be destroyed, and knew that the Wraiths would be strong enough to do it," Tot blabbers, "The plan was to sic you guys on each other and collect your territory and businesses in the aftermath. My father is a big fan of the Playpen, here."

"How sweet," Mac laughs shortly, rolling his eyes, "We love our fans."

"You have to understand, I never wanted to come here," Tot pleads, "But no one says no to my family. Well, no one lives to tell about it. I was just a pawn in their game."

"Oh please," Leo snaps, "What are you, twenty?"

"Nineteen," Tot mutters.

"Old enough to make your own decisions," Leo says, "The only reason I'm not already beating the shit out of you is because I don't want to get rat all over my hands."

"You're not going to hurt me, then?" Tot whispers.

Declan and Leo exchange loaded looks at the rest of the members look on. They may only be the treasurer and VP of their MC's, respectively, but it was their women who got wrapped up in this mess. John Baxter and Mac cross their arms and nod at the younger men, signaling that what happens to Tot is up to them.

"We could just kill him," Declan shrugs.

"It's an option," Leo allows.

Kassie and I lock eyes, alarmed at the idea of our guys killing the prospect. He may be a whiny little shit, but he was working under duress. He doesn't deserve to die for what he's done, no matter how much fear and heartache he caused us. We're safe now, and unharmed. Why end this thing in bloodshed if we don't have to?

"Don't do it," Kassie says, laying a hand on Declan's arm.

"It's not worth it," I add, taking a step toward Leo.

"It was because of him that you were taken," Declan says to Kassie, pulling her close, "Don't you want him to pay?"

"I'll bet he was even the one who left the Forty-Five Club unlocked the night Buck snuck his roofies in," Leo says, "Do I have that straight, kid? Did you roll out the welcome mat for us?"

Tot can't bring himself to speak, but his sorrowful eyes tell us everything we need to know. He set this entire fiasco into motion. But does he really deserve to die for that? It's not like he was the mastermind. His father and uncles were the ones out for revenge and a little compensation, after all.

"The retaliation from the Lorenzo family isn't worth the satisfaction of...dealing with him," I say, setting a hand on Leo's chest, "You'll only be hurting yourselves if you hurt Tot."

"That's true," Kassie jumps in, "If you kill one of their own, they'll come after both your clubs with full force."

"But if you just let them know that Tot ratted..." I go on, "He's the one they'll be after."

"Either way, I'm a goner," Tot says, his voice hollow, "Whether you kill me off yourselves or hand me over to my family. It's all over."

Despite everything he's done, I can't help but feel bad for the kid. He's a baby, only nineteen years old. God knows I did things I wasn't proud of at that age. He's a sniveling little weasel, but it's not like he's the one calling the shots. Kassie and I are both safe, now. No permanent harm done. That has to count for something.

"Let him go," I say softly, my eyes intent on Leo's face.

"He's no good to you now," Kassie continues, holding Declan's gaze.

"Just give him a little head start, so he can maybe escape his family," I say, "If they catch him in the end, it's not on you anymore. But what harm could a little mercy do?"

Leo's unreadable expression starts to clarify. Like a beam of sunlight cutting through the heaviest clouds, a sliver of compassion for this kid shines beneath his anger.

"They're right," Leo finally says, looking over at Declan once more, "Our best bet is to let the kid walk. We don't gain anything from getting his blood on our hands."

"You're sure you want us to turn him loose?" Declan asks Kassie, "Even after everything that happened to you?"

"I'm sure," she insists, "Maybe the Lorenzo family will be satisfied with a truce, if you let their kid walk free. It's our best bet."

"Should we vote on it?" Leo asks the Wraiths.

"All in favor of letting the kid go?" Mac prompts.

The eight Wraiths announce their consent as one. John Baxter turns to look at this own club members.

"How about you lot?" he asks.

Dante's Nine's eight patched members match the Wraith's vote. All sixteen men have decided to let the prospect walk. My heart is full of pride as they choose to cut the little guy a break. Yes, he should have known better than to mess with the Nine and Wraiths, but he'll have the rest of his life to regret it. And with the Lorenzo family after him, that might not be such a long time anyway.

"Congratulations," Declan drawls, snapping open the cuffs, "You're a free boy."

"You're one lucky little sonofabitch is what you are," Leo says, pulling the prospect up by the scruff of the neck.

"You...you're really gonna let me go?" Tot squeaks.

"Really truly," Mac laughs unkindly.

"Thank you," the prospect breathes, his eyes filling up with tears as he looks between Kassie and me, "I'm so sorry-"

"Yeah, yeah. Get the fuck out of here before we change our minds," John Baxter snaps.

He certainly doesn't have to tell the kid twice. He sprints for the exit like a bat out of hell, discarding his cut as he flees. Ollie rushes to catch the leather garment before it hits the ground, and the door bangs shut in the failed prospect's wake. For a moment, we all just stare after him, amazed by all that's come out into the open between us.

"I don't know about the rest of you," Leo says, finally breaking the silence, "But I could go for a shot right about now."

Everyone bursts into relieved laughter, happy to put this conflict to bed. Declan steps up to Leo, hand outstretched.

"Water under the bridge?" he asks.

"You know it," Leo replies, taking Declan's hand in his, "You understand, then?"

"You did what you had to for your club. Of course I understand. You've always been a good friend to me, Leo," Declan says, "I'm sorry this had to happen. When Sam died-"

"I feel you," Leo nods solemnly, "If it had been one of our guys, we would have been a little off, too. I'm sorry Kassie got dragged into this."

"I knew you weren't going to hurt me," my best friend puts in, slipping her arm around Declan's waist, "Thank you for making sure I was safe. And for the whiskey."

"Anytime," Leo laughs.

"So, that's it?" I ask, lacing my fingers through Leo's, "Everything's good, just like that?"

"Almost," Leo says, leading us all over the bar, "We have to drink to it, first."

My man pours out a round of shots for the men and women of the Wraiths and the Nine. The members carouse happily, clapping each other on the back as we all raise our glasses.

"To peace," Leo says, holding his shot high, "For as long as it ever lasts."

"To peace," we all chorus, downing our fiery promises. It's surreal, seeing all of the guys together after such a tense week. But I guess this is how they must have been before this craziness began. There's no true business-as-usual in the MC life, but I guess this is as close as outlaws ever get to normal.

The storm blows over as day turns to night. As the hours creep along, the Playpen regulars begin to swarm around the club like moths to the flame. The two MC's, bitter enemies just hours ago, decide to make their way back to the Forty-Five Club. As a sprawling unit of eighteen strong, we head out into the night, roaring away on our pack of Harley's. Once more, I soar through the gathering night with my arms wrapped around Leo's waist. But this time, I can see Kassie racing along beside me on the back of Declan's bike. We're surrounded by two families who are sworn to protect us, no matter what happens. The only question I have now is...which club do I call my own?

Chapter Seventeen

The Forty-Five Club is a welcome sight after all the turmoil of the past few days. This is where my hunger for the MC life was reignited, after all. I never imagined that it would take a hostage situation, an unwavering alpha male, and a near-deadly club conflict to get me back into the outlaw world. But now that we're all here, safely united and on the other side of things, I wouldn't wish it any other way. How can I regret anything that's gotten me to this exact moment of time, with Leo by my side?

"Honey, I'm home!" Kassie cries, swinging open the door of the bar.

I peer over her shoulder as she races into the Forty-Five Club, back to her home turf at last. Behind the bar, Dani's jaw nearly hits the floor as both MC's stroll into the clubhouse together. We must be a wild sight, all of us rolling in as a pack. Nothing like a crisis to bring people together, I guess.

"Looks like you boys kissed and made up," Dani says, gathering Kassie up in her arms.

"It's so good to see you," Kassie says, planting a kiss on Dani's cheek.

"Back at you babe," Dani says, "But how the hell is it you're all suddenly friends again?"

"It's a long story," I sigh, "But a good one, I promise."

"I think we're in need of another round," Declan grins, settling down at the bar.

"I second that," Leo laughs, pulling me onto his lap on the next barstool.

Dani cocks an eyebrow at me and Leo, clearly impressed by my catch. I smile coyly back, pleased as ever to be Leo's girl. The gorgeous bartender lines up a long row of shot glasses, filling them to the brim with smoky whiskey. The whole lot of us slug back our shots, letting the evening sweep us up in its warm embrace. For my own part, I'm more than content to let Leo carry me through the night. For the first time in weeks, I feel like I can truly relax and enjoy myself. And oh, how I plan to enjoy myself.

"Come on," I whisper to Leo, as classic hard rock blasts from the jukebox, "I want to give you the grand tour of this place."

"Is that so?" Leo asks, pulling me closer on his lap, "You sure you don't mind missing the fun out here?"

"I have something much more fun in mind for us," I say, biting my lower lip ever-so-lightly, "Just as soon as we can be alone, that is. I don't know about you, but I could stand to unwind a bit after today."

Leo catches Declan's eye and nods toward the back door of the clubhouse. Kassie catches the exchange and shoots me a devilish grin as Declan nods his permission. In a heartbeat, Leo's scooped me into his strong arms. Looks like I'm not the only one who's been dying for some alone time.

He bears me through the back door of the bar, into the depths of the Dante's Nine clubhouse. A half dozen wooden doors lead off the dark passage, each obscuring a tiny bedroom from view. I know this place well enough-I've been here before, after all. But the man who escorts me back to these rooms now is no passing fling, no distraction from my everyday life-he is my life.

My new life.

I let my tipsy head fall against Leo's shoulder as he pushes open a door at the very end of the hallway. A tiny little love nest opens up to us, and Leo kicks the door closed in our wake. The voices and music sounding from the bar are muffled by my pounding heart as Leo lowers me onto the well-worn bed before us. I take his sculpted, bearded face in my hands, pulling his lips to mine. His earnest, ravenous kiss sets my head to spinning as he lowers himself on top of me. His huge, powerful body is poised above me, pressing me down against the bed. I love nothing more than this moment of finally giving into my need for him. It'll never, never get old.

My hands run down his solid chest, over the ridges of his abs, across the muscular V of his waist. In one swift motion, I whip open his heavy belt buckle. I just can't help myself. Leo grins down at me in the low light, slipping his strong hands up under my top. A shudder runs through me as his hands close around my breasts, stroking my hard nipples with the lightest touch. He unclasps my bra and tugs my shirt up over my head, ripping off my layers one by one.

We can't contain ourselves, can't bother to take it slow. It's scarcely been a day since we've had each other, but that's a day longer than either of us can stand. Leo shrugs out of his leather cut, laying it lovingly on the bedside table. He rips off his tee shirt, and a groan escapes me as those rippling muscles are revealed once more.

"I can't believe you're really here sometimes," I breathe.

"Believe it," he says, sliding my jeans down over my ass, "Because I'm not going anywhere. Not if you don't want me to."

"No," I breathe, as he tugs down my panties, "I never want you to go, Leo."

"That's all I need to know," he smiles, staring down at my naked form.

His eyes rove all over my body, and I watch as that bulge in his jeans grows bigger and bigger. That spot between my legs is throbbing with desire for him, for his touch. I let my knees fall apart, opening myself to him in the most intimate way. He moans as I spread my legs before him, welcoming his touch. His hands fly to me, running along my smooth inner thighs. I pull myself onto my elbows as his hands move closer and closer to my slick sex. I can barely stand the wait.

"Touch me, Leo," I plead.

His golden eyes flick up to mine, and a devilish smile tugs at his lips.

"I'll do you one better," he growls.

My jaw falls open in a silent cry as Leo pushes back my knees and lowers his mouth to my sex. His expert tongue runs along the length of my slick slit, parting my pink lips slowly and surely. I fall back against the bed as he licks along the length of me, delving deeper with every pass. My fists close around handfuls of bedding as the tip of his tongue glances against my hard, aching clit. He traces perfect circles around that pulsing nub, slipping two thick fingers inside of me as he goes. His tongue flicks and rubs my clit as his fingers stroke that tender place within me. My back arches as I buck my hips against his perfect lips, his all-knowing hands, his devastating tongue.

That familiar, white hot sensation starts to grow in my core. I shove my hands through my hair as my knees start to tremble uncontrollably. He bears down on my throbbing clit, pressing his tongue against that sensitive bud with just the right amount of force. I'm racing straight into the heart of mind-blowing bliss, egged along by Leo's masterful touch.

"Baby," I gasp, "I'm there, I'm-"

"Let go," he growls, his lips buzzing against my sex.

He rolls his tongue against that bundle of nerves as his fingers press deliciously against my g-spot. Pleasure overflows within me, crashing through my body in wave after delectable wave. I writhe as my orgasm pulses through me, down to the tips of my fingers and toes. My entire body is flooded with sensation as I give over to the moment. Through the haze of my bliss, I meet Leo's golden eyes once more. He looks down at me with adoration, satisfaction, and-I can scarcely believe it-something like love.

"You're amazing, Leo," I breathe, falling back against the bed as he lowers himself onto me once more.

"You're not so bad yourself, babe," he says, running a hand from my collarbone to my navel. "I'm the luckiest sonofabitch in the world."

"I think that title belongs to me," I laugh, "But let's agree to disagree."

Our smiling lips lock once again as we let the night unfold before us. We melt into each other, letting our bodies and hearts have their fill at last. It's an insatiable hunger we have for one another, but at least we have all the time in the world to satisfy it.

And good god, how Leo hits the spot.

Chapter Eighteen

Early morning light streams through the window, falling in pale panes across the secluded bedroom. My eyes flutter open, blinking up at Leo's sleeping face. We must have passed out back here while the celebration raged on in the bar. I drink in the sight of him slumbering away, his gorgeous features relaxed and happy. Surely, the next crisis isn't far off for his club, but at least we have this little respite. And least we have each other.

Leo's heavy lids lift at last, and his gaze finds mine. He brings his sleepy lips to my forehead, kissing me as gently as he ever has.

"Let's go make sure the others are still alive," he says groggily.

We pull on our clothes, trading knowing smiles all the while, and head out to the bar. Sure enough, the place is strewn with sleeping Devil's Wraiths and Dante's Nine alike. I spot Declan and Kassie curled up together on the leather couch beside the pool table and make my way over to them.

"Kass," I whisper, laying a hand on her shoulder, "Kass, time to get up."

"Morning..." she murmurs, smiling sleepily up at me, "I trust you had a good night?"

"The best," I grin, "Thanks for letting us use one of the rooms."

"Mi fuck pad es su fuck pad," she smiles wickedly.

All over the bar, the sleeping club members begin to stir, the first rays of sunlight rousing the assembled brothers. After a long night of partying, it's time for everyone to get back to their waking lives. This particular conflict may have been put to bed, but there's still work to be done.

"Guess we'd better get back to the Nest," Mac groans, lifting his head off the bar, "Come on, you lot. Up and at 'em."

"The Playpen girls will have taken over the place by now," Dewey says, raising his head off the floor.

"I wouldn't mind living in a porn star colony," Buck shrugs, shaking the booze cobwebs out of his skull.

"Like they'd ever let your sorry ass back in," Bear laughs, helping Tyke up from behind the bar.

"Don't joke about a hostile stripper takeover before noon," Sparky mutters, rubbing his eyes groggily.

"Or at least before we've had some hair of the dog," Five puts in, taking a swig of whiskey on his way out.

One by one, the Wraiths mutter their goodbyes to the men of Dante's Nine. It's so bizarre seeing them all together again. I hope their camaraderie sticks from here on out. Kassie and I look on as Leo and Declan shakes hands once more. After a night of debauchery, the truce between the Nine and the Wraiths is officially restored, it would seem.

"See you soon, brother," Declan says to Leo, "Come by whenever you like."

"I'll take you up on that," Leo smiles.

"Come on, VP," Mac grumbles, heading out the front door, "It's time to ride."

"We'll take good care of Kelly, don't you worry," Declan says to Leo, "After all she did for Kassie, she's one of our own, now."

I look to my best friend's old man, baffled by his oath. Declan and Kassie smile back warmly, and it hits me all at once. They've been expecting me to stay here, with Dante's Nine, now that the feud is over. I came to Vegas to be a part of this MC after all. The plan was for me to stick around.

I spin to face him, searching his eyes to better read his heart. Leo looks down at me with a sure gaze. He wants to let me make my own decision, but I know there's only one thing for me to do. I know it was never a part of Declan's plan for me to stay with the Wraiths, but now...

"Actually," I say, reaching for my man's hand, "I think I'm going to go with Leo."

Kassie and Declan stare with wide eyes as Leo slings an arm over my shoulders, proudly looking down at me in the morning light. I nuzzle against the perfectly balanced body of my protector, my partner in crime...maybe even my old man, one day.

"You don't have to go, if you don't want to," Declan says, "We're not casting you out or anything, Kelly."

"I know that," I tell him, "This is what I want."

"I...Of course..." Kassie stammers, "But Kelly, are you sure?"

"I've never been more sure of anything in my life," I tell her, "I just hope you won't be angry with me."

"Angry?!" she laughs, pulling me into a crushing hug, "Are you kidding? I couldn't be happier. You've found your home, Kel."

"I guess I have," I whisper, hugging her tightly, "Thank you for understanding."

"Thank you for saving me," she says, "I don't know what would have happened if you hadn't been here."

"Thank you for letting me get the hell out of LA," I laugh, "I don't think I could have choked down another green smoothie if my life depended on it."

"Keep an eye on that one," Declan says to Leo, smiling my way, "She's a handful."

"Don't I know it," Leo laughs.

"I'll see you soon," I promise Kassie, pulling away from her embrace.

"Damn right," she says, wiping a happy tear off her cheek, "We've got a website to build, Missy."

"Still have a place for me at CrowdedNest?" I ask.

"After the technological judo you pulled getting this whole thing cleared up? You can be the CEO," Kassie laughs.

A volley of sound echoes through the bar as the Wraiths start their bikes outside. The four of us trade wistfully happy looks as we get set to part ways.

"Ready to go?" Leo asks me, nodding toward the door.

"I'm ready," I tell him, "Let's hit the road."

We turn away from the bar together, heading out into the sunny morning. I take one last look at the Forty-Five Club, at the smiling faces of my best friend and her love, at the place I thought might be my home. Leo takes my hand, and I know where my true home lies at last. My heart has never felt lighter as I take a deep breath, the first of my new life as a lady of the Wraiths.

I push open the heavy door and let the light stream into my life at last.

THE END

