Prologue

Las Vegas, NV

Present Day

The air is thick with rough laughter, heavy smoke, and the kind of sizzling sexual tension that can only be found in a self-proclaimed den of sin. I'm immersed in this world of vice, pleasure, and lawless freedom. And I know I'm about to be dragged even deeper.

I can feel his intent gaze raking along my body as I throw back another shot of liquid courage. My eyes flick up, lock with his across the rowdy bar. The scene around us-brimming with drunken, raucous voices, muscular inked bodies, and scantly clad women-falls away. We may as well be the only two people in this bar. The only two people in the world.

"I'm going to get some air," I shout above the blaring rock music, more for his sake than for the sake of my two companions.

"Air, huh?" grins the friend at my right, spotting my intense admirer watching from down the bar. "Is that what the kids are calling it these days?"

"Shut up," I grin, letting my tiny denim skirt slip a little higher along my thighs. I can practically hear the roar of his desire as I hop down from my barstool. A tight black tank top perfectly showcases my God-given curves, and daring scarlet lipstick makes my blue eyes pop even more than usual. For the first time in my life, I feel sexy. Unstoppable.

And I all had to do was become someone else entirely.

"What are you waiting for?" my second girlfriend laughs, giving me a playful slap on the ass. "Go get him, tiger."

The easy blush spreading across my porcelain skin is hidden in the dim light, but my trembling fingers give me away. Anticipation and nerves mix with the desire that already pulses thickly in my blood. It's a potent cocktail, that's for sure, but not nearly as intoxicating as those emerald green eyes tracking my every step.

With one last glance at him over my slender shoulder, I turn toward the back door of the clubhouse. Raking my fingers through my long red curls, I will my heart to quiet down. I'm sure the entire bar can hear its incessant pounding, even over the heavy bass thumping through our very bones. All around, the lithe shapes of writhing women are spot lit, surrounded by the grinning faces of their male admirers, cloaked in the shadows below.

This is the last place I ever expected to find myself-a palace of lust and fantasy deep in the Las Vegas hills. But then, I'm not here as myself, am I? The thought gives me courage, as it always does. This is just a dream, I tell myself. An illicit, booze-soaked, incredible dream...starring the sexiest man I've ever met.

I slip through the back door at last, out into the cooling darkness of the Nevada night. Drinking in huge lungfuls of fresh air, I press my back against the brick wall of the club. Any second now, he'll join me here. And as soon as he does, I'll be a goner. I know that I'm crossing all kinds of lines, daring to be with him. He's the last person in the world I'm supposed to want...

But that only makes this whole thing sweeter.

"Smoke?" a rugged voice growls in the darkness.

I whip around to face him, taken off guard by his stealthy approach. The sudden flare of a lighter illuminates his chiseled features-the strong, scruffy jaw, the high cheekbones, the vibrant green eyes. All lit up above the full, firm lips that cradle his just-lit Marlboro. Jesus, I think longingly, to be that cigarette...

"I'll take a drag of yours," I manage to reply, my voice riding low and lusty in my chest.

A crooked grin spreads across his face as he walks slowly toward me. I'm pinned against the brick wall, paralyzed with aching want. He plants himself in front of me, running a hand through his dark, tumbling curls. Ink scrawls all across his cut chest, his thickly muscled arms. I want to memorize every line of his perfectly balanced body. A deep, pulsing need ripples through my core as he plants a hand above my shoulder, closing me in.

With those wicked green eyes fixed on my face, he plucks the cigarette from his perfect lips and places it between mine. I breathe in a fiery drag, unable to focus on anything but his body, mere inches from my own. The air between us crackles with electric tension. My rational mind screams at me to turn and run from this dangerous, powerful man, but my heart and body have other ideas.

I toss the smoldering smoke to the dusty ground, crushing it beneath the heel of my leather boot.

"I was hoping you were out here for more than a smoke break," he growls, letting his strong, rough hands slide down my bare arms. His fingers leave a trail of goose bumps all along my pale skin.

"You know exactly what I'm out here for," I breathe, reveling in the sensation of his expert touch.

"Sure," he shrugs, resting those hands on my slender hips, "but I still want to hear you say it."

I gasp as he tugs me forward, flush against his ripped body. I swallow a groan as I feel his swelling desire pressed against me, exactly where I want-no, need-to feel it. The urgency of my yearning skyrockets, knocking every lingering worry from my mind. All I can think of is how good his hands feel as they run all over my body. Now that I know what he can do to me, there's no way I could keep from coming back for more. He's far more addictive than his signature Marlboros, that's for damn sure.

"Tell me that you want me," he commands, his voice raspy and rich in my ear. The scruffy stubble along his jaw brushes against my smooth cheek, driving me mad. The smallest things about him turn me on. And that's to say nothing of the big things.

"You know how much I do," I breathe, circling my arms around his tapered waist.

"Come on," he grins, taking my face in his hands, "it's just three little words. And not even the ones people usually get worked up about."

I laugh, resting my forehead against the smooth leather of his vest. He's got a point. And if saying it out loud means I get to have him that much sooner, then...

"I want you," I whisper, my eyes fixed firmly on the rocky ground beneath our feet.

"What's that?" he asks, raising my chin. He won't let me get off that easily. His intense gaze nearly renders me speechless all over again, but I screw up my courage and find my voice.

"I want you," I say, my voice full and forceful, "Now."

"That's my girl," he murmurs, lowering his lips to mine at last.

The taste of him-smoky, sweet, unmistakably male-satisfies and intensifies my craving at the same time. What's a girl to do?

He pushes me up against the red brick wall as our mouths move together. His sure, deft tongue glances against mine, sending a jolt of pleasure rolling down my spine. I slide my hands over his firm, denim-clad ass, tugging him tightly against me. He's hard and ready as I arch my back, grinding my hips against his. He catches my bottom lip between his teeth, biting just hard enough, and a low groan escapes my throat.

"Do you know how hard it is to keep from jumping you the second you walked into the room?" he says, kissing along my neck, nipping my collarbone. "Just look at you..."

"I'm too busy looking at you," I grin, marveling at the staggering man before me. How the hell did I ever snag him, even for a night or two? I've been next to invisible all my life, content with the bottom of the manly barrel. This whole eye-catching thing is going to take some getting used to.

I run my hands down his cut chest, my fingertips brushing against the MC patches he wears so proudly. Women like me are not supposed to fall for bad boy bikers. And we're certainly not supposed to hook up with in the shadows of strip clubs. But he makes me want to be bold, brave. To ask for what I want and refuse to apologize. And that's the kind of woman I've always wanted to be.

As my nimble fingers undo his belt, he shakes in head in captivated wonder.

"You're full of surprises, aren't you?" he asks.

You have no idea, I think to myself, brushing my lips against his neck to dodge his question. He's more than happy to let the matter drop as I run my fingertips down the muscular v of his hips. How long before one of those surprises comes out into the open? When will he discover the scope of my deception?

Not tonight, I remind myself, Your secret is safe for tonight.

And as I slip my fingers beneath the band of his briefs, seeking out that throbbing length I crave, I realize that "not tonight" is good enough for me.

Chapter One

San Bernardino FBI Resident Agency

Three weeks earlier

A misshapen package of Hostess Cupcakes lands on my desk with an unappetizing thump. My head jerks up from where it's been resting on my palm, and I blink up at the fluorescent light in a daze. I've been staring at endless pages of code on my computer screen, and the rest of the world outside of my cubicle has begun to feel like a faraway land. I finally manage to focus on the heavily-lined face looming over me, and remind myself to act like a normal, socialized human being. Even if it is a bit of a stretch.

"To what do I owe this thoughtful gift, Chuck?" I ask, prodding the packaged sweets with the end of my pencil.

The man standing beside my desk shrugs his burly shoulders, smiling wryly. "No room in the budget for a real cake, I'm afraid. This'll have to do."

I cock my head at my prickly mentor. "Are we...celebrating something?"

"Quinn Collins," he replies, his bushy white eyebrows raised in mock surprise, "have you forgotten our anniversary?"

"I'll be damned," I laugh, shaking my head, "has it been two years already?"

"Already?" Chuck scoffs, crossing his arms across his barrel chest. "I'm glad the time flew for you, newbie. Training you damn near killed me."

"Oh, please," I say, waving away his disdain. "You didn't train me, you tolerated me. There's no way you could wrap your head around what I do in cyber."

"Well excuse me," he drawls, "I didn't realize that your Web surfing was more useful to the Bureau than, I don't know, my thirty years of experience."

"Let's not make this into a pissing contest," I cut him off. "Last time I checked, you had the advantage there."

"Damn straight," he grins, turning away. "And don't you forget it, Agent Collins."

"Thanks for the anniversary gift, old man," I pipe after him.

"Yeah, yeah," he grumbles. "Don't let it go to your head, kid."

I roll my eyes as my mentor stalks back to his office. It's hard to believe that I've been taking his brand of good-natured shit for two years already. It feels like just yesterday I arrived here in LA, fresh out of the FBI Academy in Quantico. At the ripe old age of twenty-five, I had just chosen an entirely new career, moved across the country, and started my whole life over from scratch.

Talk about a quarter-life crisis.

I try to drag my attention back to the task at hand, but my eyes just don't want to focus on a screen for another second. The moment I arrived here at the San Bernardino resident agency, I was immediately assigned to the cyber division of the FBI. My background in computer science made me a perfect candidate for Web-based surveillance operations. And while I've been part of my fair share of interesting cases, most of my days are spent plumbing the seedy underbelly of the internet for obscene material. Not the most glamorous job, to be sure, but it's what I signed up for.

Snatching up my crumpled anniversary cupcakes, I head outside to enjoy the few blissful moments of my lunch break. No one looks up as I head for the exit, but that's nothing new. I get along well with my fellow FBI agents and support staff, but they're not the most talkative bunch. At least not with me. Most of the people I work with are men in their thirties and forties. Not exactly an ideal group of peers.

A sigh escapes my lips as I step out into the bright afternoon. One glance at my reflection in the glass door confirms my suspicion: I'm looking a little short of a million bucks today. Despite having spent two years in the Golden State, my ivory skin refuses to absorb any of the sun's glow. Not that I have many hours to spend frolicking in the Pacific. A smattering of freckles across the bridge of my button nose is the only evidence that I spend any time at all away from my computer.

I straighten my pale blue button-up and gray woolen slacks. Unfortunately, the stereotypical suit-and-tie uniform of an FBI agent doesn't translate well to a petite but curvy frame like mine. I'd totally rock a suit if I didn't think I'd get laughed out of the office. Even my long red locks-or "man bait" as they've been called-have to be gathered into a boring low ponytail. I'm all for being professional, but the "office drab" look doesn't do much for a lady's self-esteem.

Sinking onto a creaky wooden bench overlooking the parking lot, I resign myself to a lunch of processed pastries. At least someone remembered my two-year work anniversary. Agent Chuck Jones, the gruff fifty-something cupcake distributor, was tasked with looking out for me when I first got assigned here. He's been a pretty decent mentor, whether he'd admit it or not. While he can't offer much practical guidance about my work in the cyber division, his no-nonsense tough love has strengthened my spine and taught me to trust my gut. As a female agent, I constantly have to fight to keep from getting shouted down around here. It's exhausting, but I'm getting better at it. I think.

I'm just about to lift the first squished cupcake to my lips when a shadow falls across my little patch of sunshine. Peeved at having my daily dose of Vitamin D cut short, I glance up sharply, ready to snap at whoever has come to bother me. But instead, I bite my tongue as I feel my breath catch in my chest. Peering down at me is a stoic, impeccably composed man I've never seen before. I wouldn't call him handsome, exactly, but his carved features are certainly striking. And rather intimidating. His spotless black suit almost shines in the afternoon sun, and his forty-something face is totally unreadable.

"Agent Quinn Collins, I presume?" he says, his voice smooth and even.

"Um, yeah. That's me," I stammer dumbly. "How did you know my-"

"I know all about you, Collins," he cuts me off lightly. "But please, don't let me interrupt your, uh...lunch."

I blush furiously, imagining how I must look in this man's eyes. A pretty little girl, playing FBI agent, eating her cupcakes in the sunshine. What a darling first impression.

"Oh. This isn't-these were my mentor's idea of a joke," I laugh shortly, chucking my treats in the nearest garbage can. "Agent Jones has a...unique sense of humor. I'm sorry," I go on, holding out my hand to him, "I didn't catch your name."

"That's because I didn't offer it," he chuckles, shaking my hand firmly. "I'm Special Agent Max Mitchell. I run things over at the Las Vegas field office."

"Nice to meet you, I'm-Oh. Never mind. You already know," I mutter, making a mental note to kick myself later. I can't help but be flustered by this guy. Why would a senior agent have any idea who I am?

"I do know, indeed," Mitchell replies. "You're the whole reason I'm here in Los Angeles, after all."

"I am?" I reply, taken aback. "Is something, uh, wrong? Did I-?"

"I'm not here to discipline you, Agent Collins," Mitchell assures me. "Quite the contrary. But perhaps we can discuss this somewhere a bit less public?"

"Of course," I say quickly, rise and moving toward the front door, "I only have a cubicle, but-"

"It's alright. Agent Jones' office will do just fine," he replies. "I've already confirmed as much with him."

"Chuck knew you were coming?" I ask, trailing Mitchell inside.

"Sure," he says, raising an eyebrow, "didn't he mention it to you?"

"Like I said, unique sense of humor," I grumble.

Plenty of heads turn my way now that a high-ranking agent accompanies me. Looks of suspicion and jealousy cloud the faces of my mostly male coworkers. Many of them still haven't gotten used to my presence in the office, especially since I found my sea legs and started doing well. For all its diversity initiatives, the FBI is still something of a boys' club. But I'm not going to let their insecurities bother me today. It would seem I've got more important things to worry about.

Chuck appears in the doorway of his office, beckoning us in to join him. "Get in here, Mitchell," he barks good-naturally. "Good to see you again, sir."

"And you, Jones," Mitchell replies, clapping Chuck on the shoulder.

"Thanks for the heads up, Jones," I mutter, closing the door behind me.

"I didn't want to ruin the surprise," Chuck grins, winking theatrically at me.

"Have a seat, Quinn," Mitchell says, as he and Chuck settle into their places. I perch on the edge of the unforgiving foam chair, anxious to know what's behind this surprise meeting. "First of all," he begins, lacing his fingers over his knee, "let me congratulate you on completing your first two years here at the Bureau. From what I understand, it's been a very successful time, indeed."

"I guess that's true," I smile, looking back and forth between Chuck and Mitchell.

"Oh, don't be modest," Chuck says. "It's not as endearing as your finishing school teachers would have you believe. You've been kicking ass here, Collins. Best addition to the cyber division I've seen come out of Quantico in years."

"You feeling OK, Jones?" I ask, cocking an eyebrow at my surly mentor. "Outright praise isn't exactly your thing."

"Just 'cause I'm not made of rainbows and butterscotch, doesn't mean I'm not proud of everything you've done here," Chuck says, granting me a rare, sincere smile.

"Well, thanks. But I started at the FBI Academy with a bit of an advantage, technology-wise," I allow. "I got my BA-"

"In computer science and journalism from Pace University," Mitchell rattles off from memory, baffling me further. "It's not the most typical background for an FBI agent, I'll admit, but extremely useful all the same. And you proved yourself a physical force to be reckoned with at Quantico."

I allow myself a smug smile, remembering how shocked my fellow FBI trainees had been at the Academy when I was able to outrun them all, not to mention beat many of them in a good old fashioned arm wrestle. I may be small, but I've been using exercise as a natural antidepressant since I was fifteen. When it comes to physical stamina, I can certainly keep up with the boys.

"Let me cut to the chase, Quinn," Mitchell goes on, leaning toward me in his chair. "I've got a tricky case underway in Las Vegas, and you're perfectly suited to work on it. This opportunity is practically tailor made for your expertise."

I stare back at the senior agent, floored by his confidence in me. I'm good at my job, sure, but there are plenty of other cyber-savvy agents working in the FBI. He's probably got ten of me at the Las Vegas field office alone. What makes me so special that Mitchell would come all this way to recruit me?

"You're wondering why I'm asking you, specifically, to come on board here, right?" Mitchell smiles.

"That I am," I reply. "There must be other agents-"

"None as perfect for this job as you are," he cuts me off. "This is a one-of-a-kind assignment, a chance for you to distinguish yourself. You must be dying for a new challenge, after two years stuck behind a desk."

"I really am," I admit. "Not that I don't enjoy my work-"

"Save it," Chuck says. "We're not going to report you for being a little bored. You need to take this assignment, Quinn. You'll be happier working from the Vegas field office."

"Trying to get rid of me, Jones?" I tease.

"Since the day you got here," he winks. "Come on, Collins. You're destined for bigger things than that cubicle of yours can hold."

"This sounds like an amazing opportunity," I say to Mitchell, "but can you tell me a little bit about the case?"

"There'll be plenty of time to discuss the details after you've transferred to Nevada," he replies. "We'll get you set up with an apartment, introduce you to the other agents-"

"Wait a minute," I interrupt him, "a transfer is no small thing. California has been my home for two years. My whole life is here now."

"Collins, what life? You practically sleep here," Chuck quips.

"Is there any time for me to think this over?" I go on, ignoring his all-too-true jibe.

"You can think all you like," Mitchell replies, "but I'm sure you know that the FBI has the authority to transfer agents at any time, regardless of their preferences?"

"Right, of course," I say, "I was just hoping to talk this over with someone first."

"Not that sad sack boyfriend of yours?" Chuck groans, rolling his eyes. "Do yourself a favor, Quinn, and take this chance to leave his sorry ass in the dust."

"Gee, Chuck," I drawl, "tell me how you really feel."

"Your options, Quinn, are to transfer or leave the Bureau," Mitchell says shortly. "I'm sure your, uh, boyfriend will understand the importance of this opportunity."

"Oh, I'm sure," I mumble. My boyfriend, Milo Beckett, is many things. Brilliant, cultured, well-off, stubborn, and mightily arrogant for someone so physically slight. But understanding, he is not.

"Why don't you head home a little early and think this over?" Mitchell suggests, standing to see me out. "Call me this evening when you've made your decision."

"Will do," I say, shaking his hand once more. "It was a pleasure to meet you."

"Trust me," he says, meeting my gaze with pointed interest, "the pleasure is all mine."

Chuck walks me to the door of his office. He leans close as I skirt across the threshold and hisses, "don't you dare blow this, Collins."

I shoot him an exasperated look and hurry across the buzzing office. Dozens of eyes follow my exit. The entire office is wondering what a senior FBI agent could possibly want to talk to me about-little old me, with my nerdy education and rosy cheeks. If only these guys knew what I was being tapped for. If only I knew any details about this mysterious opportunity Mitchell's offered-or rather insisted, that I take.

Forget cupcakes, I think to myself, I need a beer and a burger to think this one through.

Chapter Two

I drag the thick-cut French fry through the pool of ketchup on my plate and happily pop it into my mouth. Glancing around the midcentury-style diner, my eyes alight on the sunburst clock on the wall. It's nearly eight o'clock, which means that Milo is almost an hour late. In the early days of our on-again, off-again courtship, I would have tried to convince myself that his chronic flakiness didn't bother me so much. But after the better part of a year, I no longer do. The dude is always blowing me off, and it's getting old.

As if sensing my displeasure from afar, Milo finally pulls up and parks his hybrid car outside the diner. I can see his nose wrinkle in distaste as he steps out into the fading sunlight. He's not exactly a burger-and-fries kind of guy, and it shows. As tiny as I am, my sometimes-boyfriend is even tinier. He's got a few inches on me, but his hips are certainly more narrow than mine. He is cute though, in a geeky sort of way. He's all graphic tees, skinny jeans, and impeccable taste in bands no one's ever heard of. Milo's the kind of guy I've always ended up with: nonthreatening, brainy, and more than a little condescending. In other words, someone I could beat in a push up contest with one hand tied behind my back.

Milo works in Silicon Valley, making way too much money for his own good. He's been trying to persuade me to ditch the FBI and come work for his creative agency ever since I moved to California. I can't seem to make him understand that developing apps and branding websites would be the furthest thing from fulfilling for me. He's been known to call my job at the Bureau "grunt work," often when we're in front of his pretentious, tech-sector friends. We're not exactly the perfect pair, but we've known each other since our undergrad days at Pace, and he's the only person I really know in LA. Like it or not, he's all I've got out here, or anywhere, for that matter.

I grew up on the other side of the country, in a little town outside of Allentown, Pennsylvania. It was just my parents, my little brother Brandon and I on a few acres of wooded land. The time I spent roaming around the woods with Brandon-shooting soda cans with our BB guns and climbing trees all the way to their flimsy top branches-was wonderful. But the hours we spent at home with our unhappily married, dismissive parents? Not so much. They drank, they fought, and they basically ignored us. But at least we had each other.

Brandon and I were best friends. He was only a year younger than me, with the same red hair, slight build, and blue eyes. People always assumed that we were twins, and we may as well have been. Our school was tiny, and there weren't many other kids who lived close enough to play with, but I hardly minded. I got to spend my childhood scraping up my knees and learning to spit instead of fussing with makeup and fretting over boys. I never had any close girlfriends. Still don't. But that continued lack of sisterhood is the only thing that bums me out about having been attached to my brother at the hip. Especially given what happened when we grew up and left home.

We both escaped our toxic parents and went to college in big cities. I left for New York to study at Pace, and Brandon headed for Philly to attend Temple University. It was there that he lost his life to a stray bullet, loosed during a shootout between cops and local gang members. He was a junior when it happened. Twenty-one years old. I was picking up my graduation cap and gown when my mother called to bluntly tell me the news. I haven't spoken to my parents much since the memorial service, to which they both showed up belligerently drunk. Not that I imagine they've noticed.

"I don't know why you insist on putting that crap into your body," Milo says crisply, yanking my mind back to the present as he slides into the booth across from me.

"'This 'crap' is delicious," I remind him, taking a deep swig from my beer bottle. "Hello to you too, by the way."

"If by delicious you mean processed, loaded with salt, and bound to kill you someday," Milo shoots back, skeptically flipping through the menu while ignoring my greeting.

"We've all got to go someday, Beckett," I growl, doing my best hard-boiled cop impression, "and no amount of spelt flour or free-trade, organic kale is going to change that."

"Your wit never fails to astound me," Milo mutters, shaking his head. "Is there anything they serve here that isn't beer-battered?"

"God, I hope not," I reply brightly.

"I'll have to pass, then. Tempted though I am," he says, nudging the menu away as if it were diseased and crossing his skinny arms.

"It's almost eight," I observe, picking at the remains of my cheeseburger bun, long since devoured while I waited for Milo to arrive.

"Couldn't get here any sooner," he shrugs. "Important meeting with a client."

"Aren't you surgically attached to your iPhone by now?" I ask, choosing not to point out that most of his clients are frivolous corporations with all the time in the world to kill. Saving lives, arresting child pornographers, quashing domestic terrorism-that's my idea of important. "Just shoot me a text if you're going to be late so I don't-"

"Did you really drag me here to berate me about my texting habits?" he snaps, rubbing his red eyes under the thick-rimmed glasses that obscure his face.

"I'm not berating you. And no, as a matter of fact," I reply, refusing to let his attitude bring me down, "something happened at work today that I wanted to discuss with you."

"We were scheduled for a coffee date tomorrow. This couldn't have waited?" he asks.

"We're dating, Milo," I remind him. "I didn't realize I needed to pencil in my interactions with you."

"You know how busy I am, Quinn," he says testily.

"Then I'll make this real quick," I tell him, leaning my elbows on the checkered tablecloth. "I'm being assigned to a new case."

"OK."

"In Las Vegas."

"Uh-huh."

"Which means I'm going to be transferred to a new field office. In Nevada," I spell it out for him.

Milo blinks his big, watery eyes at me, his entire demeanor transforming in an instant.

"Transferred?" he repeats, the fight entirely gone from his voice. "As in, away from LA?"

"That is what transferred means, yes," I confirm.

"But...What about me?" he croaks.

"Thanks, babe. This is a great opportunity, and it's quite an honor to be singled out for my awesome work," I say sarcastically. Of course the first thing he thinks about upon hearing my good news is himself. Not me. Not us. Himself.

"The FBI can't just ship you off wherever they like," Milo insists, ignoring me.

"They can, actually."

"Well then...tell them you quit. You can come work at my agency-"

"Why would I do that? I love my job," I remind him for the thousandth time. "I want to work this case, Milo."

"So you're just going to pack up and leave me for the sake of your job?" Milo scoffs.

"Would you have noticed I'd gone if I hadn't announced it to you first?" I shoot back.

"You know full well that there are hundreds of other agents who could do your job," Milo says meanly. "You're endlessly expendable there, Quinn. You're a worker bee. You're not special. I don't know why you're bending over backward for these people."

"Actually, the special agent in charge of the Las Vegas field office personally recruited me to-"

"Oh, please," he laughs, "that's how they keep you feeling wanted, Quinn. Are you really too naive to understand that? You're totally brainwashed, and you can't even see it. I won't allow this transfer to happen."

"You won't...allow it?" I say flatly, staring at the man-child across the table.

"That's right," he sniffs.

"Milo...are you under the impression that I give a single shit about what you will and will not allow?" I ask evenly.

"I'm your boyfriend," he whines, "I get a say in what you do."

"Two corrections there, sweetie," I reply. "One, you don't get a say in anything I do. And two, you were my boyfriend."

"What?!" he cries, reaching for my hand as I stand to go. "You're breaking up with me because of one stupid fight?"

"Not at all," I say, amazed by how little his antics move me, "I'm breaking up with you because you are a pedantic, superior, mean-spirited little man who has never once supported me. You are constantly trying to make me feel stupid and unimportant, we share none of the same values or aspirations, and-" I lean in close and lower my voice, "-the sex is pretty mediocre."

I turn on my heel and march out of the diner as Milo's jaw hits the tabletop. This breakup isn't our first, but I know in my gut that it will be our last. I've been too afraid to stray from Milo's company, because doing so would mean totally cutting myself off from my past. But I finally feel brave enough to do just that. Chuck is right. My life here is no life at all. I've got no friends of my own, no family. Absolutely no strings.

Peeling away from the diner in my beloved black Mustang, I feel lighter than I have in years. More hopeful than I've been since Brandon passed away. I can feel my entire life swiveling to reorient itself around this wild new path that's unfurling before me.

"I guess I'm Vegas bound," I smile to myself, setting off into the gathering twilight en route to Sin City.

Chapter Three

Mitchell is pleased, but unsurprised, when I call to accept the job.

"I knew you were too bright to pass this up," he says over the line. "Take the weekend to tie up loose ends in California, we've already got your housing taken care of. Report to the Las Vegas field office on Monday. Welcome to the team, Agent Collins, I'm glad to have you."

Saying goodbye to Los Angeles is more sweet than bitter. With Milo out of the picture, and no friends to speak of that weren't his first, the only person I want to bid farewell to is Chuck. And he's not exactly one for sentimental reminiscing. He agrees to have a beer with me the night before my departure, at least. We meet up at a dusty, old-man bar in San Bernardino, one of the joints frequented by the guys in our office. It's practically deserted on this Sunday night, leaving the two of us to drink our beers alone at the sticky bar.

"Any words of wisdom, before I ship out?" I ask.

"Don't get shot," he suggests, knocking back the last of his Budweiser.

"Your insight is invaluable," I smile. "I'll miss that charming bark of yours."

"In all seriousness," Chuck goes on, leveling his no-nonsense gaze at me, "there may be some elements of this case that throw you. It won't be like anything you've done before. There are going to be times when you're unsure, or overwhelmed. Just remember to trust your gut. Your head and heart will lie, but your gut won't let you down."

"I'll take your word for it," I say, staring pointedly at Chuck's impressive beer belly.

"Ha-fucking-ha," Chuck mumbles, "I'm just saying take care of yourself."

"I will Chuck," I assure him, sarcasm aside. "And thanks for everything these past two years. You've been-"

"Come on, now. Don't ruin a perfectly fine goodbye with that mushy shit," he says, signaling the bartender for another round.

It doesn't take long to pack up all my belongings. I never really settled into my little San Bernardino apartment, even after two years. Milo hates staying here, and I'm so beat after work that I usually just conk out when I get home. Mitchell has assured me that I'll have a furnished place to stay in Las Vegas, an apartment passed down from agent to agent, so I only grab a few personal items: my favorite pillow, a tin of coffee from the neighborhood roaster, and some framed photos of Brandon and I ride shotgun in a cardboard box. My entire life so far fits snugly in the passenger seat of my Mustang. Don't quite know what to make of that.

I set out for Vegas at the crack of dawn, eager and nervous as hell. I have to trust that I wouldn't have been given this opportunity if I couldn't handle it. I ready myself for whatever lies ahead and take off into the sunrise.

There's barely any traffic at this hour of the morning. Just me and the wide-open road. The sky opens up above me as I clear Los Angeles, stretching its back like a big, lazy cat. In just over three hours, I roll into Las Vegas-my new home. Well, at least my new place of work. I can't say there's a place in the world that really feels like home to me. At least, not one that I've found yet.

I arrive too early to head straight for the field office, so I grab a shitty cup of gas station coffee and an obscenely huge donut to nosh on while I wait. Sitting on the hood of my car, coffee and pastry in hand, I look out over the dusty land sprawling all around. The Las Vegas strip bursts up out of the ground like the Emerald City, surrounded by a swell of rolling hills. I can only wonder what kind of mayhem is erupting all around me, out of sight, on this seemingly peaceful morning.

As the hot sun begins to warm the earth, I head over to the Las Vegas field office to report for duty. This place is the real deal, a fortress-like building far more imposing than my little San Bernardino outpost. And with its close proximity to Sin City, I can only imagine the kind of depraved shit these agents have to deal with on a regular basis. But I guess I won't have to wonder for much longer. Now I'm part of the team.

I brush a lingering donut crumb off my lap up and step out of the Mustang. Giving myself a once-over in the tinted car window, I have to admit that I approve of what I see. This is a brand new office, after all, so I've decided to up my work attire game. My white silk blouse is cut just low enough to hint at my rather excellent rack, and my charcoal slacks flatter my slender legs and athletic ass. I've even gone so far as to wear my red hair down, falling in loose curls over my shoulders. I've decided that there's no reason to hide my body beneath drab office clothing. And if anyone takes me less seriously because I choose to dress well, that's their own damn problem. I'm through playing meek and mild just so the guys can feel more comfortable.

Flicking a stray curl over my slender shoulder, I stride up to the front door of the building. I feel like such a badass, marching into this busy central office. It's not a very familiar feeling for me, so I try to memorize this incredible moment. I wrench open the heavy front door, go to take a step across the threshold-

And cry out in surprise as a big, immoveable shoulder slams into me, knocking me aside.

I stumble through the door, my balance thrown off by the unexpected check. The sharp high heels bearing me into the office are not prepared for hand-to-hand combat, and I go down in a heap. I hit the ground, landing hard on my shapely ass. My cheeks are flaming red as I look up at my assailant. A huge man storms past me, his battering ram shoulders hunched high toward his ears. The back of his thick neck is red, holding up a big shaved head. He doesn't even turn around to see if I'm OK, let alone to apologize.

"I'm fine, thanks," I call after him, disgruntled by his rudeness.

"I don't remember asking if you were," he snarls back, not even bothering to glance over his shoulder. "Learn to stay out of the way, Princess."

"Learn some manners, ogre," I snap back. But the man disappears into a waiting elevator before I can go on. "There's always one," I mutter, pulling myself to my feet. Luckily, no one else caught sight of my less-than-graceful entrance. I brush off the embarrassment and continue upstairs in search of Mitchell's office.

The main floor of the FBI field office is alive with activity, even first thing in the morning. I feel my pulse pick up as I survey the place. The excitement in the San Bernardino resident agency never peaked beyond the dull enthusiasm that arose when someone brought in bagels for the team. It'll be so thrilling to work in such a vibrant place. My heart swells with satisfaction as I realize what a good decision it was to come here.

"Collins!" I hear Mitchell shout across the crowded room. I look over to see him waving from an open doorway. "Good to see you, Agent. Come on in here and I'll get you up to speed with the case."

I stride purposefully across the room, watching as curious eyes dart my way. The people here don't eye me with suspicion, merely interest. Maybe this new job has boosted my confidence in a way they can detect just by looking at me. The thought only brightens my already sunny outlook.

"Happy to be here, Agent Mitchell," I smile, giving my new boss a firm handshake.

"Glad to hear it," Mitchell replies, showing me into the room. "First things first, let me introduce you to the agent you'll be working this case with."

I look up, eager to meet my new partner. But that eagerness sours into disdain as I see who is waiting inside to make my acquaintance.

"You?!" I exclaim, staring at the bullish asshole who barreled over me in the lobby.

"You've got to be kidding me, Mitchell," the big man groans through gritted teeth. He's got to be close to six feet tall, and built like a wrecking ball. His shaved head makes it hard to say for sure, but I'd guess he's about forty years old. He certainly has the jaded, miserable grimace of someone who's been working the same job for a while.

"Do you two...know each other?" Mitchell asks, closing the door behind him.

"We just met in the lobby. Well, collided, more like..." I say, crossing my arms.

"You're sticking the new girl on my case?" the gruff man demands. "What kind of bullshit is this?"

"How you two have already managed to get off on the wrong foot is a mystery to me," Mitchell says coolly, clearly not giving a damn about our mutual discomfort, "but let's start fresh, shall we? Quinn Collins, this is Agent Jeff Bruno. Bruno, Agent Quinn Collins."

I boldly hold out my hand to Bruno, leveling my blue eyes at his red face. He scoffs, gripping my hand tightly for half a second, before roughly dropping it. I don't know what I've done to get on this guy's bad side already, other than attempt to enter the building in an orderly fashion, but his opinion of my presence here is pretty apparent.

"Fantastic," Mitchell says, pressing ahead despite our furrowed brows, "let's get Agent Collins caught up on the particulars of the case."

Mitchell and Bruno look up at the wide wall, and I let my gaze follow. Plastered there is an array of information, carefully collected and arranged. Photos, news articles, names and locations make up the tangled web I see before me. The question is, what does it all mean?

"Welcome to Operation Inferno," Mitchell says, sweeping his arm over the intelligence spread out before us.

"Operation Inferno," I repeat, tasting the words for myself, "catchy."

"We're gathering intelligence on two of the most powerful and influential MC's in the Las Vegas area," Mitchell goes on.

"MC's are motorcycle clubs. Outlaws," Bruno says, sneering condescendingly.

"Thanks. I took Organized Crime 101 at the FBI Academy just like you did," I snap back.

"The clubs in question are The Devil's Wraiths Nevada Chapter and Dante's Nine, a smaller local operation that's recently become a support club for the Wraiths," Mitchell says. "We've been receiving more tips than ever lately, regarding these clubs' illegal activities. We've never been able to pin anything major on either, but that might change soon.

Dante's Nine has been very cooperative with us in the past, when it's been in their best interest. A year or so back, they helped us bring down the head honcho of the Lorenzo Family and put an end to a series of deadly cage matches. They got their slate scrubbed clean for that bit of assistance, full immunity for all club members, but they're fair game again now that they're allied with the Wraiths."

"Dante's Nine has always relied on a variety of income sources to stay afloat. From what we can tell, they've shuttered most of their questionable operations of late in favor of a modest auto shop, built adjacent to their club house. One of the members bailed them out around the time we offered immunity, so they seemingly haven't had to resort to their old ways."

"So if they've gone legit, what's the problem?" I ask.

"The problem is, it's clearly a front," Bruno says, rolling his eyes. "We just don't know for what yet."

"The Devil's Wraiths are less apologetic when it comes to the source of their money, and less family friendly, too," Mitchell cuts in. "They've got a wildly successful strip club built on their compound. The Devil's Playpen, it's called. They bring in porn stars with niche followings and draw in the fan boy big spenders from Vegas. Good strategy, I've got to hand it to them."

"So they're scum bags," I shrug, "No big surprise there. What's happened recently that has the FBI back on their case?"

"Both of their clubs' businesses have flexed a bit, lately, to accommodate some changes," Mitchell says, leading me closer to the wall of intel. "There have been some changes to the MC ranks. New members and current members trading positions of influence."

There are two sets of photos displayed on the wall, arranged in pyramids of rank. One set is labeled "Dante's Nine", the other "Devil's Wraiths." At the head of the first is a devilishly handsome silver fox bearing the tag "John Baxter, President." Topping the other pyramid is a round-faced, mean-looking sonofabitch with wispy white blonde hair, tagged "Malcolm 'Mac' Donnelly, President."

But far more eye-catching than the two men in charge are their second-in-commands. Flanking each MC president is an insanely attractive young VP. "Declan Tiberi," the intense, clean-shaven VP of Dante's Nine, and "Leo Bane," the bearded, golden-eyed VP of the Devil's Wraiths, could easily pass for rock stars. And in their world, I bet they do.

"It's the clubs' VPs that seem to be stirring up the most trouble," Mitchell goes on, seeing my gaze fix firmly on the striking outlaws. "Tiberi just got promoted a few months ago. Standard changing of the guard. They're each being groomed to take over their clubs as president one day, and are making their mark on the way things are done. But the real agents of change have been their old ladies."

"Their what?" I ask, ripping my eyes away.

"Club wives, more or less," Bruno says. "Tiberi and Bane have each picked up feisty little honeys this past year. Civilians turned MC bitches."

I cringe at his blatantly sexist language. "Is 'MC bitch' the proper terminology, Bruno?"

"Proper or not, that's what they are," he shrugs. "And they're making more trouble than they're worth for these guys."

"What kind of trouble?" I ask Mitchell.

"Bane's old lady, Kelly Rodgers, has helped the girls of the Devil's Playpen start their own porn production company. Tiberi's girl, Kassie Bennett, runs a crowd funding site," Mitchell tells me.

"So they started their own businesses. Good for them," I reply. "How does that make trouble for the clubs?"

"We've been receiving tips about both of these endeavors, and then some," Mitchell tells me. "Their operations may not be so squeaky clean after all. Bruno's been going undercover at the Devil's Playpen, following some tips about solicitation."

"I'm sure that's been a real struggle for you," I grin at Bruno.

"I'm not complaining about the view," he says. "And I'm getting to know some of the new girls. Something's bound to give there. No way a strip club-based porn company is above bending a few rules."

"Isn't it entrapment to bait them into doing something wrong?" I ask.

"Don't tell me how to do my job, Princess," Bruno snarls, all the humor gone from his voice.

"Moving on," Mitchell says smoothly, "Quinn, I'm assigning you as a second agent to this case to investigate from another angle. Your extensive computer science knowledge will be incredibly helpful when it comes to gathering intelligence about Ms. Bennett's site."

"Sounds like something that's very much in my wheel house," I nod. "So, what do you need me to do? Hunt around to see if there's any malware hiding in their emails? See if money is being siphoned off from their transactions? All I need is a desk and computer here in the office, a few cups of coffee, and-what? What is it?"

Bruno and Mitchell are exchanging glances across the room, silently conferring about how to proceed.

"The thing is, Collins," Mitchell begins, "we don't see this investigation happening purely online."

"I don't follow," I reply.

"Bruno here has been having some real success working undercover on this thing," Mitchell goes on, "so we're going to have you do the same."

My stomach twists into a painful knot as I realize my boss isn't joking. For a moment all I can do is stare at him, my jaw hanging wide open.

"Did you not include that little detail when you went to fetch her?" Bruno asks.

"Nope. Forgot to mention that particular nugget of information," I finally manage to say, my breath caught high in my chest. "Agent Mitchell, I have absolutely no undercover experience. My training is in cyber surveillance."

"I know this isn't what you normally do at the Bureau," Mitchell begins.

"It's completely outside of what I normally do!" I exclaim. "For the past two years, I've been sitting at a keyboard, putting my hacking skills to use. I've barely spoken to anyone outside of work, and even then not for very long. How do you expect me to go-?"

"Agent Collins," Mitchell says sharply, "you are a Special Agent of the FBI. You will do what is asked of you in service of this organization. And right now you're being asked to go undercover in order to gather vital intelligence about this potentially criminal group."

"Yes. Of course, sir," I mutter, hot red patches lighting up my cheeks.

"You're going to infiltrate the clubs' business through Kassie Bennett's site, CrowdedNest," Mitchell continues, ignoring my outburst. "She and Kelly Rodgers are the senior developers and co-owners of the site. Declan Tiberi provided the original start-up cash to get it off the ground. And lucky for us, CrowdedNest is hiring."

"Hiring?" I echo, totally at a loss.

"You're going to reach out to Ms. Bennett and Ms. Rodgers, under an alias of course, and ask be considered for a job at CrowdedNest," Mitchell reveals. "You're completely qualified for any job they could offer you, given your tech background. And you're a young, attractive woman. They'll be more inclined to hire you because of that."

Disappointment tugs at the corners of my mouth. So when Mitchell said I was perfect for this job, it had as much to do with looks-and tits-as it did my computer skills? I can't help but be bummed out about that.

"You'll start working for CrowdedNest and get access to all the records, correspondence, and data you could dream of," Mitchell says. "You'll remove as much intel as you can using an external drive and dig through it for suspicious activity. It's a bit of a needle-in-the-haystack gambit, but we're confident that something good will turn up. We suspect that the girls are funneling some of their money to the Wraiths and the Nine, especially seeing as Tiberi is a key investor. And if the finances of the site and the clubs are intertwined-"

"Then if one goes down, they all go down," Bruno finishes with a grin. "We can demolish the whole goddamn lot of them."

I let my eyes wander across the vast array of intel displayed on the walls. Each club boasts nearly a dozen members; hardened, ruthless men, most of whom are proud criminals. Each photo makes me sicker than the next. There's only one blank space in the ranks of Dante's Nine, one last member the FBI hasn't identified yet. But the rest of their eyes stare out from their mug shots, cold and unfeeling. A surge of hatred rises like bile in my throat as I look them over.

"Penny for your thoughts, Agent?" Mitchell prompts.

"I just...have a bit of a bias against men like them," I say softly. "Call it a grudge, call it a vendetta, I just call it reason. I despise organized crime, especially gangs. And we all know that's what these clubs are, in the end. My little brother was shot in Philly. Got caught in the crossfire of some gang shootout. That's the whole reason I decided to go into law enforcement."

"And now you finally get to have a hand in taking these assholes down," Mitchell says, laying a supportive hand on my shoulder.

"But I don't know how I'm supposed to be in a room with one of these low-lives," I tell him. "Without spitting in his face, that is."

"That's the beauty of your assignment:" Mitchell says, "you don't have to go anywhere near the members of the Nine or the Wraiths. You never have to set foot in one of their clubhouses. You'll be dealing exclusively with these two old ladies."

"As if they're not complicit," I scoff, shaking my head. "They may have been civilians, once, but they're as much a part of these gangs as any of the members now. And just as guilty. Maybe not of anything we've been tipped off about, but guilty of being thugs all the same."

"You don't seem like the type to fly off the handle and start shooting at random," Mitchell says. "I trust you to be around these people without going berserk. So, what do you say, Collins? Are you still in, or do I need to find someone else for this operation?"

I glare up at the MC members, staring daggers at each and every one of them. Even the mystery man in the ranks of Dante's Nine. If I can have some small part in bringing down just one gang...well, I can't think of anything else that would be more rewarding.

"I'm in," I say resolutely, "When can I start?"

"Immediately," Mitchell grins. "Why don't you go check out your new place and get to work contacting the girls at CrowdedNest?"

"Sounds great," I nod, turning to go.

"Oh, and one more thing, Agent," Mitchell says. "You're not allergic to cats, are you?"

Chapter Four

I stand in the middle of the barren one-bedroom apartment I've been assigned to, just off the Las Vegas strip. I've been locked in a staring contest with my brand new roommate for the last three minutes. And I'm ashamed to admit that he's winning.

"You don't scare me, buddy," I mutter, fixing my blue eyes on my testy new bunk buddy. "I've faced down worse than the likes of you in my time."

An old gray cat stares back at me with utter indifference. Apparently he was a stray kitten, once upon a time. Until, that is, one of the agents who used this place on assignment let the bugger in for a saucer of milk. No one's been able to coax the cat out of the place since. Plenty of agents have come and gone from this apartment in the meantime, but the cat has always stayed put. I've been told that he's simply called The Mayor. And for the time being, I'm expected to take care of him.

It could be worse, I suppose. That agent could have adopted a baby alligator, instead.

I blink my dry eyes, surrendering to The Mayor's prowess. He flicks his puffy tail and struts away into the other room. Guess we know who runs things around here. Sinking down onto the twin bed in the corner, I look around at my new digs. The apartment is spare in every sense. About 500 square feet with nothing but the most basic utilities: a bed, a fridge, a stove, and a shower. I kick myself for neglecting to bring along my French press and cushy comforter. But again, no one ever said that working for the FBI was going to be a glamorous affair. I arrange my photos on the plain dresser, plunk my tin of coffee down in the kitchen, and give my pillow a good, tight squeeze. Home sweet home, indeed.

I decide that I might as well get right to work. Grabbing a cold beer from the fridge-either a welcome gift or something another agent left behind, I assume-I pull out my laptop and settle down on the threadbare couch across the living room. I open up my browser and punch in CrowdedNest.com. At once, the site in question pops up on my screen.

"Let's see what we've got here..." I murmur.

Kassie Bennett came up with the CrowdedNest concept herself, I learn in the "About" section of the site. It's a crowd-funding platform that allows friends and families of senior citizens to contribute to their retirement nest eggs. Apparently, some family tragedy of Kassie's inspired her create the site, so that no other families leveled by the recent financial crisis would have to suffer like hers did. Noble, sure. But she's still an MC old lady, and therefore crooked as hell in my book.

The site is well-designed and efficient, a product of some very capable developers, indeed. Even Milo would be impressed by the easy navigation and minimalist, chic aesthetic. But I'm more concerned with what lurks beneath the careful layout, whatever that might be.

I pull up a new message window and punch in the site's contact email address. Time to get myself-my new self-a job. The FBI crafted a brand new identity for me to work under on this case. My alias is Keira Campbell-a coder and programmer from the East Coast with development and creative experience at all kinds of firms in New York City. I've got a phony resume, complete with plenty of phony references, and even a set of phony documents and identification. The Bureau is nothing if not thorough, I suppose.

Taking a long sip of beer, I start typing Keira's first-ever correspondence.

Dear Ms. Bennett and Ms. Rodgers,

My name is Keira Campbell, and I'm writing in regard to the current job opening at CrowdedNest.com. I would like very much to be considered for the full-stack senior developer position at your company. I have a degree in computer science and experience with web application coding (ASP.NET, Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, jQuery, SQL), dev-ops, analytics, copy writing, and web design.

I recently relocated to the Las Vegas area from New York City, and am seeking local employment with an innovative tech startup. I'm very intrigued by your company's story, and would love to work with female entrepreneurs such as yourselves. Please let me know if we can set up an interview, my schedule is very flexible.

Sincerely,

Keira Campbell.

"Here goes nothing," I say to The Mayor, who blinks back at me disinterestedly. I attach a link to my GitHub profile and, with a deep breath, I click "send". Nothing to do now but wait.

I pull myself up off the couch and pace my modest living room, sipping on my beer and trying to keep my nerves at bay. If I'd known that this assignment was going to be undercover, I'm not sure if I would've had the guts to take it. Especially given my attitude toward criminals like the MC guys I'm going after. I wonder who, among those I saw pictured at the office today, are guilty of murder? Sexual assault? Armed robbery? Here's hoping I'll never have to be near any of them. I could never trust someone who willingly chose to be part of an outlaw biker gang, whatever their bat-shit rationalization.

The sun is setting quickly over the strip beyond my window. You'd think that living in a bustling city would make you feel welcome and secure-surrounded by people and potential friends. But I've always been lonelier in cities than anywhere else in the world. All those people out there, with their exciting lives and passionate loves, only remind me of how alone I am.

Just as I'm about to resign myself to another evening of sitcom reruns and pizza delivery, my laptop pings from across the room. Apparently, I've got mail. It's barely been half an hour since I sent out my email to CrowdedNest, but as I glance at my inbox, I see that I've already gotten a response from them. Maybe it's a form letter or something, letting me know that the position has already been filled?

I perch in front of my laptop, chewing on my fingernail as I anxiously open the new message.

Hi Keira,

Thank you so much for your email. The CrowdedNest team was very happy to receive it! You reached out at the perfect time, too. We were hoping to interview candidates in the next couple of days. You seem very well-suited for the job, and we'd love to meet you. I know it's short notice, but are you available tomorrow for a casual interview at our Las Vegas office? Let us know and we'll send along the details. Looking forward to hearing from you.

Cheers,

Kassie Bennett

"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god-" I squeal. "It's happening. It's really happening."

Even The Mayor perks his ears up at my excitement. I send back a quick email confirming my interest and availability for tomorrow, and receive a time and location in no time. Everything is happening so fast-and it looks like this whole thing just got real. And even though I'm terrified, not knowing what tomorrow might hold, I'm ready to face this head-on. I have to proceed fearlessly. I don't want Mitchell thinking he brought on the wrong person for this case, or for Bruno to think I can't handle this myself.

I close my computer with a snap as I spot an incoming Gchat message from Milo. The last thing I need tonight is a lecture about what a mistake I'm making. No way. Tonight, it's all about comfort before what's sure to be a crazy big day.

"What do you say, Mayor?" I ask my furry roommate. "How does a pepperoni pie and a Friends marathon sound to you?"

I take his unflinching stare as permission to enjoy my last night of relative peace however I damn well please.

Chapter Five

"You really didn't need to drive me over here," I say to Mitchell as I unbuckle my seat belt. "This isn't my first day of school."

"But it is your first day as an undercover agent," my boss replies from the driver seat of his sedan. "I wanted to make sure your nerves weren't getting the best of you."

"I'm fine," I shrug, glancing out the window. It's a complete and utter lie, of course. I'm totally freaking out. But Mitchell doesn't need to know that.

"You look great," he tells me. "Really pulling off the whole hipster chick thing."

I glance down at my dark-wash skinny jeans, basic charcoal tank, slightly oversized cardigan, and lace-up boots. He's got me on the hipster thing, I guess. Especially with my unruly curls and thick-rimmed glasses-a touch I stole right out of the Milo Beckett playbook. I figured this was my best bet to pass for a techie type.

"Tell me the truth, Mitchell," I say. "How much of the reason why you chose me for this job is the way I look?"

"Truthfully? A lot of the reason," he shrugs.

"Jesus," I wince. "A little sugarcoating wouldn't have killed you."

"You want sugarcoating, go work for Willy Wonka," he snaps. "Young, beautiful women get hired for these jobs in a heartbeat, especially when other young women are the ones hiring."

"Is that a real statistic, or something you made up to justify bringing a pretty girl into your office?" I shoot back.

"Not important," he says with a wink. "Look, I'm not trying to diminish your skills as a cyber intelligence agent. You've done awesome work in San Bernardino. But it doesn't hurt that you look damn good, too. And I think you know it, Collins. Now can we quit arguing the finer points of institutionalized sexism and get on with the show?"

"That could be the title of the FBI training manual," I mutter, darting out the passenger door before Mitchell can continue my talking-to.

I plant my feet on the Vegas sidewalk, craning my neck to see the tops of the buildings all around me. I've arrived at the address Kassie Bennett provided, but...this can't be right. I'm looking up at a luxury high rise, with an affable-looking doorman and a golden, gleaming lobby. Not exactly the place I'd expect to find the offices of a tech startup. What's the deal?

"Excuse me," I say to the doorman, as I ease inside the glamorous building, "I've probably got the wrong address, but-"

"Who are you here to see, dear?" the man asks, all helpful earnestness.

"Kassie Bennett," I tell him, "I have an interview with CrowdedNest-"

"Then you are, indeed, in the right place!" the doorman smiles, grabbing a gold-plated phone from behind the desk. He punches in a number and looks up at me, "What did you say your name was?"

I very nearly respond with "Quinn Collins", catching myself just in time. This whole alias thing is going to take some getting used to.

"Keira Campbell," I tell the man, covering as best I can.

"Afternoon, Ms. Bennett. This is Franklin," the doorman says into the phone. "I have a Keira Campbell here to see you and Ms. Rodgers?" he pauses a moment, listening for her response, then says, "Wonderful. Thank you," and hangs up the phone. "You can go right ahead," Franklin says to me, waving toward the elevator bank.

"Which floor?" I ask.

"Just go all the way to the top," he smiles.

I do what he says, stepping into the vintage-looking elevator and reminding myself to breathe as it carries me up into the sky. You can do this, Collins, just stay calm, I silently urge myself, You're a trained, capable, cool-headed agent. Everything's going to be OK. If only my racing heart and frantic mind would believe that. At least my gut's telling me that I'm going to make it through this. And that's all that matters in the end, right?

The elevator doors part with a smooth swish, and I step out onto a small, marbled landing. I'm flanked on either side by two identical, stately doors-the first gilded with a golden letter "A", the second with an equally glitzy letter "B". I raise an eyebrow at my elegant and totally unexpected surroundings.

"What is this, some kind of game show?" I mumble, looking back and forth between the doors. I've sure as hell never seen an office like this before. But then again, you never can tell with these startup types. Milo's creative agency had beanbags instead of chairs and walls made entirely of white board. So I guess anything goes.

I don't have to wait on the landing for long before the door marked "B" swings open. I have to snap my jaw in place to keep it from falling open as two of the most beautiful women I've ever seen up close appear in the doorway.

"You must be Keira," smiles the taller of the two-a statuesque blonde with tan skin and flowing blonde locks. "I'm Kassie. So glad you could make it today."

"Hi, I'm Kelly," chimes in the second woman, who's even more petite than I am. Her jet-black hair falls in loose, silky curls, and there's a distinct air of mischief about her.

"Nice to meet you both," I manage, floored by the women that stand before me. Kassie and Kelly's photos weren't on display at the FBI field office, so I concocted some ridiculous idea of what they might look like in my head. I expected stereotypical TV biker wives-bleached blonde, too much makeup, tacky tattoos, fake tits. But these ladies are utterly gorgeous, just about my age, and undeniably cool. When they ask me to come inside, I feel like I've just been invited to sit at the popular girls' table in the high school cafeteria.

The sight that greets me as I step through the door only leaves me more gobsmacked. We've entered one of the most beautiful, elegant apartments I've ever seen. This penthouse suite is the picture of economy and minimalist design. Not a single object seems superfluous or even slightly out of place. But it's definitely an apartment-albeit a gorgeous one-not an office.

"This...is your office?" I breathe, gaping through the wall of windows on the far side of the room. An incredible view of the strip sprawls through the clear glass, glimmering in the afternoon sunlight.

"Home office, in a way," Kassie says, walking toward the sleek kitchen. "My old man and I live just across the hall. He bought up both these penthouses before we met. Kelly was staying here, for a minute, but since we haven't got a new tenant, we've been running CrowdedNest from here."

"But the commute must kill you," I kid.

"I like her already," Kelly says to Kassie. "A sense of humor is important when you work on a three-person team."

Kassie carries a tray in from the kitchen bearing a french press, a plate of baked goods, and a pitcher of cucumber water. I can't believe these are the women I'm investigating in relation to outlaw bikers. They seem totally cultured and composed...and yet Kassie just mentioned her "old man". How secretive are they, really, about their MC involvement? I wonder if they even realize how dangerous these organizations can be.

"Take a seat, Keira, and help yourself," Kassie says, settling down at a long wooden table beside Kelly. I sit across from this stunning pair of women, trying to refocus on the task at hand. I'm here to land this job so I can start gathering some real intelligence. Time to show them what I've got. Whatever that is...

"You couldn't have reached out to us at a better time," Kelly says. "We've had no luck finding qualified candidates in the area, and we'd really prefer to have someone working locally."

"Sure," I nod, "for such a small team, that makes total sense. Remote work is all well and good, but some analog contact can make all the difference."

"Exactly. We want to really get to know whoever it is we bring on," Kassie says, leaning her elbows on the long table. "Kelly and I have been good friends for years, and that friendship has informed the way we work in a really positive way. It would be nice to hire someone we get along with on a personal, as well as a professional, level."

I swallow a nervous laugh. If only these two knew how much I was hiding from them. If they're looking for honest friendship, I am the last person on earth they should hire. And yet...

"I've always found that I work better in a friendly environment of my peers," I reply. "I do my best work when I'm part of a trusting team-where everyone's allowed to work on their own terms, in their own way, you know?"

"That's exactly how we like to do things around here," Kassie says, exchanging a pleased look with Kelly. "But why don't you tell us a little bit about yourself, Keira."

We go on talking for at least half an hour, and I'm surprised by how easy it is, posing as someone else. I rattle off points from my phony biography, and even throw in a couple of embellished details borrowed from my own life. I guess it helps that Keira's expertise and experience are actually my own in disguise. I'm totally qualified for a job at CrowdedNest, what with my computer science background. And despite my reluctance to be anywhere near MC types, I rather like these women. They seem smart, ballsy, and unapologetic. Hell, in another life, I bet we could have been friends for real. It's almost a shame that I'm only here to steal away with their private information and possibly arrest the men in their lives...

"Let's just cut to the chase," Kelly says, with a wicked gleam in her eye, "you seem like a great fit for our company, and we'd really like to give you the job. I know it's unconventional to offer someone a position at an initial meeting, but...what do you think?"

"I...got the job?" I ask, genuinely surprised and pleased.

"It's yours if you want it," Kassie says happily.

"Yeah, absolutely," I gush, "I can't wait to start. Thank you, guys."

"Thank you for being the perfect candidate," Kelly says. "We really need another set of hands around here. The site is doing really well, far too well for a team of two to manage, that's for sure."

"We'll get you started tomorrow. Can you bring your laptop and work from here?" Kassie asks me.

"Absolutely," I tell her, "that'll be great."

"And in case you haven't noticed," Kelly says, gesturing to her jeans and tee shirt, "we like to keep it casual around here."

"It beats the uniform from the last place I worked," I reply unthinkingly.

"I didn't realize marketing firms had strict dress codes," Kassie says, cocking her head.

Shit. I was totally talking about the FBI. I need to go home and study my new life story some more before I really slip up.

"Yeah, they were strange birds in New York," I say quickly, grabbing my purse. The three of us stand, and with that the interview is over. I don't think I've ever had a better first meeting in my life. I felt confident, capable, totally in my element. Maybe Keira's a better people person than I am.

Unruly male laughter catches my ear from the penthouse landing. I whip around toward the source of the sound, hand twitching at once to the place where I usually keep my gun. Agents are required to be armed at all times. But right now my handgun is stashed in a concealed pocket of my purse, not at my hip as per usual. Just as I remind myself that it's not polite to point guns at people, the front door swings open.

Two men stride across the threshold, their black leather cuts all but gleaming. The first man locks eyes with Kassie and goes to her at once. I recognize him as Declan Tiberi, the new Vice President of Dante's Nine. A red-hot jolt of contempt lights me up from the inside out as Declan scoops Kassie up into his arms and kisses her. I'm amazed by how visceral my reaction is, seeing these guys in the flesh. But I've got to keep it together.

"Honey, I'm home," Tiberi grins, "and I brought company."

I swing my gaze back to the second man. He leans against the doorway, hands shoved roughly into the pockets of his dark wash jeans. The second my eyes alight on him, the simmering heat inside of me skyrockets. And I don't think it's anger that's making my temperature rise, this time. Bafflingly, I feel my heart quicken with something like...interest.

Desire.

He's easily over six feet tall, about 180 pounds of what looks like pure muscle. His body is broad and balanced, and you can tell just by looking at him that this guy earned his physique through physical labor and fast living, not hours spent toiling away at the gym. Thick black lines are inked across his chest and arms, and there are probably even more tattoos hidden beneath his perfectly fitted jeans, black tee, steel toed boots, and leather cut.

But as powerful and impressive as his body is, it's his face that truly captivates me. His features are strong and sculpted, but utterly unique. A razor sharp jaw, straight nose, and high cheekbones are offset by the perfect amount of scruff. Dark chestnut curls fall across his forehead, and his firm, full lips are fixed in a knowing half-smile. A two-inch scar cuts across his right eyebrow, and his skin boasts a healthy, sunbaked tan. But the one feature that stands out above all, rooting me to the ground in his presence, is his eyes. They're such a bright shade of emerald green that they practically glow.

And even more arresting is the fact that those gemlike orbs are fixed hard on me. Our eyes lock firmly, and I'm struck dumb by the depth of his gaze. I've never met this person before in my life, so how can it feel like he knows something hidden about me that even I have yet to discover?

"Oh. Sorry. Are you guys in the middle of something?" Tiberi asks, looking at me with vague curiosity.

"We were just finishing up an interview," Kassie says, wrapping her arm around his waist. "This is Keira. She's going to be working for CrowdedNest from now on."

"You already hired her?" he asks, as if I'm not standing five feet away. "You didn't consult me on this."

"We all hit it off," Kelly shrugs, "why wait?"

"Shouldn't you be calling references, running a background check?" Tiberi insists.

Between this mysterious stranger's gaze and Declan Tiberi's scrutiny, my pulse is quickening out of control. He can't possibly suspect me of anything, can he?

"Excuse my man, here," Kassie says to me. "His club had a bit of a...hiring snafu recently. He's just being paranoid."

"We've already checked her out, Dec," Kelly adds. "She's perfect."

"Damn right," murmurs the man in the doorway. My cheeks blaze at his unexpected utterance. I can't tell if I'm flattered or furious. Or both.

"Who's this?" Kassie asks, nodding toward the green-eyed god.

"Ladies, let me introduce you to Caleb Brooks," Declan says.

"'Brooks' will do just fine," the man corrects, his smile widening as he rakes his eyes along my body.

"Brooks is..." Declan begins, but he shuts his mouth when he remembers I'm in the room, "Uh, maybe I should wait to go into it-"

"Oh, relax," Kelly says, rolling here eyes. "I'm sure Keira doesn't mind hearing about MC business. Something tells me she doesn't scare easy. Do you, Keira?"

"I'm not exactly sure what MC business is," I reply, "but I'm sure it's cool in my book."

"Declan's part of a local motorcycle club, is all," Kassie says, totally composed. Guess these people are pretty comfortable with their life choices, then.

"Sounds like a cool hobby," I smile, laying the lighthearted ignorance on thick. I can't help but be satisfied as Declan winces at my word choice.

"It's not a hobby," he corrects me, "it's a way of life."

"Oh. Got it," I chirp, shooting him an amiable grin. Really, I want to roll my eyes. It's a way of life? Seriously? Out of the corner of my eye I catch Brooks still looking at me intently, his scarred eyebrow raised. Crap. Is he not buying my "oh, shucks" act?

"This is a real nice place you've got here, Dec," Brooks says, reaching into the pocket of his cut. My fingers twitch again, but I tamp down the impulse to produce my gun. And good thing, too. Turns out the gorgeous guy was just reaching for a pack of cigarettes. Marlboros. My favorite, when I used to smoke in college. I haven't craved a cigarette in years, but watching Brooks loose a smoke from his pack and place it between his perfect lips...I feel a pang of wanting for something, all right.

"You can't smoke in here," Kelly objects, planting her hands on her hips. "This is Kassie's home, too. Not just your buddy's bachelor pad."

"Well, actually," Tiberi starts, tugging Kassie tighter against his side, "I was thinking we could let Brooks call this place home for a while, too."

"What?!" Kassie and Kelly exclaim in unison.

"Didn't think of mentioning that before now, Dec?" Brooks laughs.

"I'm sorry, I don't even know who you are," Kassie says to Brooks.

"I'm one of the family," he smiles, gesturing to his cut.

"Brooks is our newest member," Tiberi explains.

Of course. There was one blank space in the Dante's Nine ranks on the FBI wall. Mitchell told me that this club always needs nine members. Part of the original charter, laid out by the current president and the first nine members. Guess they've filled that final spot. And damn, if they didn't choose well.

Stop it, I chide myself, Sure he's hot, but he's a criminal. Get it together.

"I don't understand," Kassie says, "how is he a member, just like that? He didn't prospect or anything."

"Not every member has to be a prospect first," Tiberi shrugs. From what I understand, being a prospect is like being a trial member of an MC. There can be a fair amount of hazing that goes into it, too. But something tells me that none of the other members will be messing with the likes of Brooks.

"So, what, you guys just hit it off at the bar, and now he's a member that we're supposed to put up?" Kelly goes on, a frown twisting her pretty mouth.

"I've known Brooks for years," Tiberi snaps. From his steely glare, I can tell there's a little bit of tension between Kelly and the Dante's Nine VP. Totally understandable, of course. Best friends and significant others often lock horns. Unless this conflict goes deeper...?

"We were in the Navy together," Brooks offers, tucking the cigarette behind his ear for the moment. "Or at least, near each other. I was a mechanic. Fixed all those fancy planes and got 'em flying again."

"We put Brooks' membership to a vote right away," Tiberi goes on. "I would trust this man with my life any day."

"From what I recall, you already have," Brooks grins. "One loose screw and that pretty plane of yours would have gone down like a lead balloon."

"Is that your standard for membership now, Dec?" Kelly murmurs. "Just as long as there are no loose screws-?"

"The vote was unanimous," Tiberi says, ignoring her. "Brooks is a man of Dante's Nine now. And he needs a place to stay until he sets down roots here in Vegas."

"Dec, you know we've been using this suite as our CrowdedNest offices," Kassie says pointedly. "We need the space. Especially now that there are three of us."

"I don't mean to cause any trouble," Brooks says, holding up his hard, capable hands. I, for one, don't believe that for a second. Something tells me that causing trouble is what this man does best.

"You're not causing trouble, Brooks," Tiberi says, turning his stormy gaze on Kassie. "I seem to remember a time we housed a friend of yours here, Kass. You didn't have a problem with an extra occupant then. Kelly moved right on in-"

"We weren't using the space then," Kassie replies. "Why didn't you talk to me about this before promising-"

"Why didn't you talk to me before hiring some girl we've never met," Tiberi shoots back.

Tiberi, Kassie, and Kelly fall into surly silence, looking back and forth between me and Brooks-the problematic newcomers. My heart is balled into a tight, panicked fist. Maybe this was a terrible idea. Maybe I should turn on my heel, run out of here, and never look back.

But before I can move a muscle, Brooks pushes himself away from the door and strides across the room to me. I stifle a gasp as his heavy, muscled arm falls across my shoulders. He peers down at me with those blazing emerald eyes, and I swear it's like he's seeing straight through me. The way he looks at me feels like an unspoken secret between us. Like we understand each other. But that's ridiculous. I've never met this man before in my life.

"Tough being the new kid, huh?" Brooks grins at me, totally at ease with having his arm thrown around me.

I gape back at him, disarmed by his nerve. But as annoyed as I am by this (or any) unexpected physical contact...I'd be lying if I said I didn't also love it, just a bit. I can feel my very cells rallying at his touch. I want to sink against his side, trail my fingers along the rippling muscles barely obscured by his tee shirt. Slip my hands beneath that leather cut, and-

That leather cut. Decorated with the patches of a MC member. This is no innocently cavalier bad boy. This is just another thug. Why the hell am I having so much trouble remembering that?

"Ever hear of personal space?" I say to Brooks, slipping out from under his arm.

"Nah, what's that?" he replies, eyes wide with mock intrigue.

Goddammit. Of course he has to share my wry sense of humor, too. Hot and funny with an I-don't-give-a-fuck attitude? The repressed rebel in me is yanking at her leash. I never end up with guys like Brooks. I settle for the safe ones, the smart ones, the whiny ones with pasty faces and droopy personalities. But some part of me wonders what it would be like, to be with a guy like this.

Too bad I'll never find out. I haven't read the FBI undercover handbook cover-to-cover, but I'm pretty sure that hooking up with suspected criminals is a big no-no.

"Look," Tiberi sighs, rubbing his strong jaw, "this suite is plenty big enough to house your offices and my friend, too. Brooks is going to be working at the auto shop most of the time anyway, until he saves up enough to rent a place of his own. It's not like he's going to be hanging around here, staring into space all day."

"Though the view is pretty fucking amazing," Brooks says. I expect to find his gaze aimed at the enormous windows overlooking the strip, but instead he's staring at me.

Pinpricks of heat light up along my body wherever his eyes roam. I'm totally unused to this kind of attention. Since I started my FBI training at Quantico, men have looked at me with envy, disdain, or indifference. Before that, I was just a skinny little redhead with big glasses and scraped-up knees. But the way Brooks looks at me you'd think I was the sexiest woman to have ever walked the earth.

Surely, he has this effect on all the women he meets. All but Kassie and Kelly, that is. They're less than thrilled about this turn of events, and making no effort to hide it. Good for them.

"Is this going to be a short term thing, Brooks?" Kassie sighs.

"Sure," he shrugs, "I'll be out of your hair in no time."

"Keira," Kelly says, "will you be comfortable working here if Brooks is also staying?"

I give the staggering man a good, long once-over. Let him see how it feels to be scrutinized. Of course, he doesn't really seem to mind. In fact, I think he loves the attention. He shoots me a devilish wink that sends a trill of sensation down my spine. Damn him to hell.

"It's fine," I finally say, "if he tries to burn the place down, I'll just start working from home, I guess."

"That's the spirit!" Brooks grins, plucking the cigarette from behind his ear. In a heartbeat, he's whipped out a zippo lighter. Before anyone can protest, he's lit up the cigarette, looking perfectly at home.

"Jesus," Kelly grumbles, "I thought Leo was incorrigible."

"I guess I'd better be going," I chime in. "Let everybody get settled around here..."

"You're leaving already, Red?" Brooks exclaims, leveling that green gaze at me once more. "But I only just got here!"

"My name is not Red," I say coolly. "It's Keira."

"Pretty, but I like Red better," Brooks grins. "Stay for a while. Call it a house warming."

"This house is plenty warm," Kassie says curtly. "Go ahead, Keira. We'll see you tomorrow, OK?"

"OK. See you guys tomorrow," I reply, making a beeline for the front door at last.

"Looking forward to it, Red," Brooks smiles knowingly, a thin tendril of smoke rising from his Marlboro.

I rip my eyes from his sculpted face, hurrying away before he can bewitch me any further. My blush is red hot as I skirt through the door. I'm flustered and speechless in the wake of meeting this man. I need to take my mind off of him, right away. But as I step back into the elevator and close my eyes, it's his face I see, lighting up the darkness. What in the hell is going on with me?

"This is some rookie shit, Collins," I mutter, as the elevator brings me back down to earth. Guess there's always tomorrow to start acting like a professional.

Chapter Six

His strong fingers tangle in my hair as he draws me hard against him. I gasp as he tugs my head back, exposing the sensitive skin of my neck. With one hand firmly on the small of my back, holding me tight against his pulsating desire, he brings his full lips to my throat. I let a low, raspy moan escape my throat as he kisses me deeply. Each brush of his perfect mouth against my skin sends a shockwave of pleasure through my eager body. Urgent, throbbing need radiates from the very core of me as I run my hands over the hard rise in his jeans. I have to know what it feels like, taking so powerful a man all the way inside...

"You've never really been fucked, have you?" he growls in my ear, snapping open the clasp of my bra with a flick of his wrist.

"I-I don't know. I guess?" I stammer, unable to concentrate on anything but his hands, sliding up my lean torso. His cock, hard and throbbing beneath my trembling fingers.

"That's a no, then," he laughs roughly, cupping my breasts in his rugged hands. I suck in a breath as he takes my nipples between his fingers, pinching just hard enough, mixing pleasure with pain as only he can do.

"Are you going to change that?" I ask, tracing the outline of his staggering member.

"You want me to," he says. It's more of a statement than a question.

"Yes," I breathe, as he pushes me back against the soft leather couch, "I need you to."

"You have no idea what you need," he rasps, ripping my shirt over my head, "but I do."

I bury my fingers in his dark curls as he kisses along my naked chest, taking my hard nipple in his mouth before moving down, down, down. His broad, cut body encompasses my slight form, pinning me there beneath him. I reach and pull the black tee shirt off his brawny torso, entranced by the snaking lines of ink covering each and every defined muscle.

"You're incredible," I breathe, as he trails his lips along the valley of my stomach.

His vibrant green eyes flick up to mine, his crooked grin wide and devilish.

"Red, you have no idea," he growls, pushing up my black pencil skirt. My head falls back against the couch as he tugs down my lacy thong. "Did you put this on for me?" he asks.

"You know I did," I admit, biting my lip.

"I love that," he moans. "I love knowing how much you want me to fuck you." I close my eyes in bliss as he trails two fingers along the length of my slick sex. "I love feeling how much you want me to fuck you. You're so goddamn wet..."

"That feels so good," I whisper, as he slides two strong fingers inside of me, flexing against that delicious spot. Words fail me as he strokes my most intimate flesh, sending waves of pleasure to the very edges of me.

"You're so fucking tight," he growls, slipping a third finger into my wet, wanting slit, "There's no way you've ever been with a real man. Before now."

"Show me what it's like, then," I gasp desperately.

"Don't worry," he grins, resting his thumb against my throbbing clit. Sensation sears through me as he rubs that aching nub, hard and tight with need. "I will."

Just as my lips fall open to beg for his perfect cock, sharp pinpricks shoot out from my chest. This isn't the wonderful, borderline pain of bites and tugs. What the hell...?

My conscious mind snaps to attention, dragging me out of the depths of fantasy. I blink my groggy eyes, looking wildly around the room for my dangerous lover. But instead of finding him looming over me in the low light of morning, I find someone much smaller. And fuzzier. And that someone happens to have his claws lodged in my chest.

"Dammit, Mayor," I grumble, shooing my new pet away and rolling over in my empty twin bed, "way to be a buzzkill."

I can't believe that Brooks made his way into my dreams. Or rather, I can absolutely believe it, but I'm still totally freaked out. There's no way around it-I've spent the night fantasizing about fucking a man I just met. On the couch in my new office. Where I'm posing undercover as someone else entirely. I know that dreams are supposed to be random firings of brain activity or whatever, but come on. There's not much ambiguity to what that little sexy nighttime romp could mean.

It's already nine in the morning. I'm supposed to report to the CrowdedNest offices at ten for my first day of work. Well, Keira's first day. I've already logged a couple days of labor on this case. But now is when the real work begins. Forcing the lingering thoughts of Brooks from my mind, I grab my cell and give Mitchell a ring. He picks up and barks into the phone, clearly wide awake.

"Get a move on, Sleeping Beauty," he orders me. "You just got this job with the old ladies. Don't want to lose it on your first day."

"Gee. Thanks, Mitchell. Your vote of confidence is overwhelming," I grumble.

"When you deliver some information we can actually use against these maniacs, I'll shower you in confidence," he replies, taking a minute to calm himself before going on. "In all seriousness, Collins, I'm sure you'll do a great job with this. You're really going to be a huge help to this operation."

This little injection of encouragement surprises me. "Thanks, Mitchell," I reply, "I'll check in with you at the end of the day."

We're just about to hang up when my call waiting starts beeping. I glance down at my phone and see Milo's name and number. What's with all this outreach suddenly? I couldn't pay him to drop me a line unprompted while we were dating. With a sigh, I answer my sorta-ex's call.

"What's going on, Milo?" I ask.

"Quinn," he croaks, "it's you."

"Jesus, Milo," I mutter, "you sound like hell."

"I've been in hell since you broke up with me," he whines accusatorially.

"Milo, my friend, I feel for you, but I don't have time for this," I tell him. "I'm working on a case, you know this."

"Do you even care that I'm hurting?" he snaps. "This is your fault, Quinn. We had a great thing going."

"We had a terrible thing going, Milo!" I exclaim. "You were the lousiest boyfriend in the history of, well, everything."

"Now you're just being cruel," he moans.

"Listen," I say, "use this as a learning experience. Don't treat your next girlfriend like a speck of dirt on your carpet, and this won't keep happening to you. But I'm an FBI agent, not a teacher. It's not my job to keep educating you."

"But-"

"I have to go now," I cut him off, "I have a criminal organization to help dismantle."

I hang up the phone before he can protest and drag myself into the shower. As the hot water washes over my skin, I can't help but remember the words Brooks kept uttering in my dream. There's no way you've ever been with a real man. Apparently even my subconscious is keenly aware of how lacking my sexual history has been. No wonder I keep fantasizing about Brooks. It's not that I'm actually interested in him as a person, I'm just fascinated by the idea of fucking a real, manly man. But I'm sure I can manage to find one who isn't also an obstinate, headstrong, loose cannon.

Hopefully, those aren't the parts I'm actually attracted to.

"Good morning, Ms. Campbell!" says the friendly doorman I met yesterday at Kassie's building. "So nice to see you again."

"Morning...Franklin," I say, fetching the man's name from the tag on his uniform, "I'm glad to be here!"

That's not a lie, either. This is the most excitement I've had in years. Even if I'll still be sitting behind a computer all day. Getting to spend time with women my own age will be a nice change of pace from the sausage fest of my San Bernardino office.

"You can go right up," Franklin tells me, "the ladies are expecting you. You look lovely this morning, by the way."

"Thank you," I reply, glancing down at my carefully put-together outfit. I followed Kassie and Kelly's lead a bit more today, rather than my techie ex's. I'm rocking a pair of black skinny jeans, an ultra-soft yellow tee, and a fishtail braid. And of course, my glasses. They're almost like a mask for me to hide behind while I play the role of Keira Campbell. Whatever works, right?

I take the elevator all the way to the top, my pulse picking up with every passing floor. I wonder if Brooks will be around today? Tiberi said he'd be working at the Dante's Nine auto shop most of the time, but who knows? Probably I should be hoping that he's fixing an engine somewhere, but I'd be lying if I said I'm not hoping to see him. No harm in enjoying the view, as he would say. There's no getting around the fact that he's an attractive man. As forbidden as our getting together would be, a girl can dream. Quite literally.

I smile at my reflection in the mirror that hangs in the penthouse landing. This Keira is a sharp dresser. Why is it so much easier to feel good about myself when I'm someone else? Ugh. Best save the psychological quandaries for another day. I rap my knuckles on the door to suite B, adjusting the strap of my messenger bag. It's tugging on the neckline of my tee shirt, exposing the very top of my bra. But before I can get my clothes in order, the door swings open.

"Hey-Oh..." I sputter, staring dumbly through the doorway.

Brooks towers before me in all his cut, inked glory, wearing nothing but a bath towel wrapped around his tapered waist. Of their own accord, my eyes skirt down his built torso, right down the ripped v at his hips-two lines of pristine muscle pointing right at the part of his body I spent the night dreaming about.

"Hey yourself," he says, cocking an eyebrow at me.

I wrangle my face into an expression of indifference, but my entire body is buzzing with amorous sensation. His dark curls are still wet from the shower, and tiny droplets of water cascade down his amazing body. OK, so I am totally turned on. I'm only human.

"You gonna let me in?" I ask him, planting my hands on my hips.

"Only if you tell me the password," he replies, leaning against the doorframe.

"How's 'some of us actually have jobs to do' for a password?" I quip.

"That'll do it," he grins. "Nice bra, Red."

I blush instantly, adjusting the neck of my tee as I hurry past him. "I told you, don't call me Red."

"Can't help it, Red," he shrugs, "those locks of yours are impossible to ignore. Embrace it-you're gorgeous."

Thankfully, Kassie and Kelly appear from behind the door of suite A before I have to formulate a response to that. They roll their eyes at the perfect specimen of man that is Brooks, parading around in his towel.

"Are you familiar with the phrase 'hostile work environment'?" Kelly demands, brushing into the room.

"Me? Hostile?" Brooks replies, running a hand through his wet curls. "What are you talking about? I'm a goddamn delight to be around."

"Walking around half naked is borderline sexual harassment," Kassie informs him, "and even if you don't think that counts as hostile, you're going to make me hostile if you don't stop bothering my new coworker."

"I'm not bothered," I say, before I can help it. "I mean-I'm not easily offended."

"That's good, given our present company," Kelly mutters, settling down at the long wooden table.

"Come on. I'm not that bad," Brooks insists, as Kassie and I follow Kelly's lead. "You'll grow to love me, I promise."

"I'm happily in love with my own hard-headed bad boy," Kelly remarks.

"That goes double for me," Kassie chimes in.

"Guess it's just you and me then, Red," Brooks smiles, shooting me a wicked wink. "What do you say?"

"Keep on with that wishful thinking, buddy," I shoot back. "Whatever helps you get through the day."

"So damn feisty. I'm into it," he says, turning to go. "You're gonna be at my party tonight, right Red?"

"You're seriously throwing yourself a housewarming party? In our office?" I ask.

"No. He's not quite that audacious," Kassie says. "The rest of the Dante's Nine guys-sorry, that's the MC Dec's a part of-they're throwing him a welcome bash at their clubhouse later tonight."

"My old man's MC will be there too," Kelly puts in. "They're friendly these days. So once we get a little work done here, we're gonna have to do some party shopping."

"You don't have to come along on those errands if you don't want to," Kassie says quickly, "We didn't hire you to be a gopher. And of course, your attendance at the party is not a required part of this job. No matter what this guy says."

"Actually," I say, trying to keep the excitement out of my voice, "I could stand to blow off some steam. And I don't mind helping you get stuff ready for the party."

"Really?" Kassie and Kelly say in unison.

"I knew you'd come around," Brooks smiles, heading into the suite's bedroom. "I'll make sure you have a good time, Red."

"Thanks for caring, buddy," I quip, "your concern is truly touching."

"Much more than touching," he corrects me, "but not until you're ready for me."

The bedroom door snaps closed behind him as Kassie and Kelly shake their heads.

"If you want to punch him, you have my blessing," Kelly tells me.

"I'll keep that in mind," I smile.

We spend a couple of hours talking at length about CrowdedNest and my role in the company. But inside, I'm throwing myself a damn parade. First day on the job and I've already scored a look at the Dante's Nine clubhouse? Mitchell's going to give me a medal.

It's much easier to concentrate once Brooks heads off to the auto shop, looking as gorgeous as ever in light denim jeans and a white tee beneath his Dante's Nine cut. I can feel my body yearning for him as he walks out the door. I've never been this physically drawn to someone. Is it because he's off limits that I feel this wanting so keenly?

"Keira?" Kassie says, dragging my attention back to the present. "Does that all sound good to you?"

"Oh. Yeah," I reply brightly. We've been talking about the sort of work I'll do at CrowdedNest, but my attention has strayed in a big way.

"Great," Kelly says, "now enough of this work talk. Let's blow this pop stand and get on over to the Forty-Five Club."

"What's that?" I ask, as we stand to go.

"That's the Dante's Nine clubhouse," Kassie clarifies, "a bar outside of town. It's a little rough around the edges, but I think you'll like it."

"I know we don't really fit the biker chick mold," Kelly grins, "but I think you'll see that we run with a rather...boisterous crowd. You sure you want to tag along?"

"Hell yeah. I can't wait to meet everyone," I smile gamely.

"Oh. But before we go," Kassie says, looking over my techie chic outfit, "we need to do something about...all this."

"You don't like it?" I ask, looking myself over.

"We love it," Kelly says, "for here the office. But you'll get eaten alive by the guys and the girls if you show up to the party looking like a J Crew model."

"Let me lend you a couple of things," Kassie insists, grabbing me by the wrist and towing me away. We cross the landing into Suite A, a space even more impressive than the first. There's something incredibly, and surprisingly, controlled about the place. I'd expect the VP and old lady of an MC to live somewhere a bit more...gritty, I guess. But I'm starting to suspect that I have a lot of misconceptions about the MC life.

I'm led into Kassie and Tiberi's bedroom, and the girls begin dressing me at once. Thank god I'm not wearing a wire right now. They let me keep my black skinny jeans, but swap my yellow tee for a white crop top, tousle my hair into its natural red curls and swipe ruby red across my lips. My flats are replaced with stilettos, and the transformation is complete.

"Well?" Kelly prompts, leading me over to a full-length mirror. "What do you think?"

My jaw drops as I look myself over in the mirror. I've never been so vamped up in my life. Each curve and angle is perfectly accentuated, and the overall impression is, well, kind of overwhelming. "I think...you made me into a babe," I breathe, staring back at my own blue eyes.

"Come on. You're already a babe," Kassie laughs, "Please tell me you know that."

"Oh, um..." I stammer, unsure. I've certainly never been called a babe before.

"Oh, my god!" Kelly exclaims. "You have no idea how gorgeous you are, do you?"

"I guess I do OK," I shrug, eyeing my improved reflection. Now I really feel like I have a costume to hide behind.

"We need to work on this confidence deficit," Kassie laughs. "There's no reason someone as beautiful, funny, and talented as you should ever feel like less than a million bucks."

At a loss for words, I simply smile at my new bosses. And dare I say...friends? It's only been a day, but I already feel so at ease around these women. That is, until I remember what it is I'm really doing here. I'm not here to make friends. I'm here to investigate.

"Why don't we get a move on?" I suggest, not wanting to think about how two-faced I really feel. "I can't wait to see the clubhouse."

We set off together in Kassie's smoking red muscle car. Only the best for Declan Tiberi's old lady, I guess. Reading up on the Dante's Nine VP, I found out that he's got money to burn and then some. His personal and club finances have always been dubiously entwined, a fact that could get him in trouble down the line, depending on how Operation Inferno goes. Part of me almost hopes that we don't find anything in our investigation. That way, Kassie and Kelly would never have to find out that I tried to take them down. But why do I care so much what they think? I can't let myself get attached.

Chapter Seven

After we've gathered up all the party supplies we need, the three of us finally set off for the Dante's Nine clubhouse. Kassie's car is loaded with barbecue fixings and enough booze to get a small army wasted off their asses. But then, I guess that's exactly what we're setting out to do here.

I force myself to take deep breaths as we drive out past the main Las Vegas drag. This was not part of the plan. I was supposed to gather intel about CrowdedNest and leave it at that. I hope this risk I'm taking doesn't blow up in my face.

"Here we are," Kassie says at last, as we approach a couple of low building rising out of the horizon, "home sweet home!"

I stare out the window at the Dante's Nine headquarters. An unassuming, brick-faced bar is the first thing I see. Neon beer logos light up the front window, and a good dozen Harleys are already parked outside. Above the door is a large sign bearing the sigil of Dante's Nine-a pair of dice rolling a four and a five.

Adjacent to the bar is a new-looking auto shop, fitted with all the best equipment that money can buy. That must be where Brooks and some of the other guys work during the day. The shop looks impressive, but I have a hard time imagining that its proceeds alone could keep an MC flush with cash. Bruno is right. It's got to be a front for something.

Kassie parks in front of the beat-up bar, and the three of us step out into the warm early evening. I can hear the sound of carousing voices from inside, and I steel myself as best I can. Walking into a den of MC types without spitting isn't going to be easy for me, but I'm discovering that I'm a pretty decent actress. Besides, I'm not doing anything wrong by being here. If they're not hiding anything, we've got no problem. Fixing my face with an expression of interested curiosity, I follow Kassie and Kelly inside.

The smell of whiskey and cigarette smoke hits me hard as we cross the threshold. I blink around the dimly lit space and feel dozens of hard eyes staring back. I quickly count nine men in black leather cuts. That means that the entirety of the Dante's Nine MC is spread around the bar before me. I scan the weathered faces I've only ever seen plastered on Mitchell's wall at the FBI. It's so bizarre to finally be seeing them up close.

There's Declan Tiberi, of course, making his way toward Kassie. The stout, grizzly man he's been talking to must be Kenneth "Kip" Sanders. The twin bouncer types shooting pool are Frank and Teddy O'Leary. Oliver "Ollie" Jenkins is the one with the face tattoo, and Chuck Morrelli is the wiry one who looks like he'd kill you while your back was turned. John Baxter sits coolly at the bar, looking at me with mild curiosity while sharing a drink with the other oldest club member, Saul Ellison. That makes eight.

And then, of course, there's the ninth and newest member of Dante's Nine. Brooks.

He leans casually against the bar, his strong hand wrapped around an ice-cold beer bottle. A smudge of engine grease arches across his cheek, somehow rendering him even more ruggedly handsome. His bright green eyes are roving all along my body, but for once he doesn't seem ready to make a joke at my expense. I realize that he's actually too caught off guard by my new look to speak. When his eyes finally find my face, I feel my knees go weak. He wants me. Bad. I can tell from the urgency in his gaze. And in this moment I'm reminded for the thousandth time how much I want him, too.

"Who do we have here?" John Baxter asks from the bar, cocking his head at me.

"This is the new girl at CrowdedNest," Tiberi replies, wrapping an arm around Kassie's slender waist.

"The new girl's name is Keira," I clarify. "Thanks for letting me stop by."

"We're not about to complain about having a hot red head around," howls the man named Kip, raising a whiskey glass to me.

"Excuse me," protests a feminine voice, "you already have a resident hot red head, Kip. Or have you forgotten?"

I glance toward the voice and spot a trio of women at the end of the bar. While Kassie and Kelly may not look like standard biker babes, these three are hitting the stereotype hard. There's a plump blonde, a very thick brunette, and a voluptuous red head. All three are garbed in tiny tank tops, bare midriffs, and Daisy Dukes. And all three are staring daggers at me.

"Calm down, Sherry," Kassie tells the pouting redheaded. "We're not making Keira our mascot or anything. She's just here for the party."

"Speaking of," says a women behind the bar, a gorgeous, modern day Bettie Paige, "I think it's about time we get this thing started, don't you?"

A rollicking roar rises up from the assembled men. The extra booze is dragged in from Kassie's car, the barbecue supplies taken around back to the fire pit behind the clubhouse. Bodies in frenzied motion careen all around me as I stand awkwardly in the middle of the bar. I've been brought along to take part in the festivities, but I have no idea how to behave. I don't even know how I'm allowed to behave. Mitchell and I never discussed this possibility. Can I talk to the members? Ask them about their club? Have a drink? Or five?

"Looking a little lost there, Red," a voice growls in my ear.

I whip around to find Brooks towering over me. The low light of the bar throws his features into stunning relief. Even the scar across his eyebrow looks perfect here. He's like the rough-hewn work of a master sculptor...whose work I'm an avid fan of.

"I haven't spent much time in biker bars," I smile, planting my hands on my hips.

"You look right at home to me," he observes. I swallow a gasp as he reaches out and runs a strong, well-worn hand down my bare arm, letting it come to rest on my hip. "Actually, fucking gorgeous is how you look."

"I, uh..." I stammer, entranced by the heat of his hand against my bare skin.

"Now that you're here," he goes on, "I can give you the full MC experience. Ever been with an outlaw before?"

The word outlaw sends a jolt of reason through my lusty mind. "Can't say that I have," I reply coolly.

"I'd be happy to change that tonight," he grins, sliding his hand around to the small of my back. I want to throw my arms around him and slug him all at once. Instead, I settle for an outraged look and a big step back.

"Does that work on most women?" I ask, crossing my arms.

"What?" he asks, casually shoving his hands into his pockets. He doesn't seem at all deterred by my retreat.

"The mysterious bad boy thing," I quip. "Does that get you a lot of tail?"

"You know the answer to that, Red," he shoots back, pulling a cigarette from the pack in his pocket. "Does it intimidate you?"

"Why would I be intimidated by the amount of women you've slept with?" I ask.

"You're not as experienced as I am," he says. It's an observation, not a question. "So what? Doesn't mean we can't have a good time together."

"Why would you assume I want to sleep with you?" I ask heatedly.

"Because look," he grins, lighting his smoke, "you brought it up first."

My mouth moves soundlessly for a second before I can recover. "You're used to getting what you want, aren't you?" I demand.

"You could say that," he replies, taking a deep drag of his Marlboro.

"Well then, let's be clear," I say, leveling my gaze at his gorgeous face, "you don't get to have me just because you want me. I'm not a toy, Brooks."

"Oh, I know that," he says. "You can't be a toy. Toys don't want to be played with. You, on the other hand..."

"You're just going to keep on assuming that I want you, then?" I ask, exasperated.

"Fuck yeah," he grins, "because I know you do."

"We'll see about that," I tell him.

"Oh, I know we will," he says, taking another step toward me. There's barely an inch of space between us. My every sense is bombarded with his powerful presence. I'm speechless as he tucks a strand of hair behind my ear and lowers those perfect lips toward mine. I feel my face lifting to his, seeking it out of its own accord. I'm trembling before him, eager and ready. But then, just before he brushes those sweet lips against mine, he stops.

"See?" he growls, his green eyes searing into mine. "You can't help yourself."

"Screw you, Brooks," I grumble, pushing roughly against his chest. I mean to push him away, but of course his bulky body doesn't budge. I'm the one who's forced to take a staggering step backward to regain my stiletto-hampered balance. My cheeks are bright red as Brooks looks on with amusement.

"Don't be embarrassed, Red," he tells me. "We're just having a little fun, you and me. Ever heard of fun?"

"I'm not sure we have the same definition of the word," I reply.

"Guess we'll find out," he says, taking a deep swig of his Budweiser. "I, for one, can't fucking wait."

"Brooks," Tiberi calls from across the bar, "Come on outside, man. The Wraiths are here. I want you to meet everyone."

As Brooks strides toward the door, I realize that I'm alone with the rest of the women. Kassie and Kelly sit with the gorgeous brunette bartender while the other three hold down their end of the bar. All six look between me and Brooks' retreating form with piqued curiosity.

"You know you're allowed to tell him to go fuck himself, right?" Kelly asks.

"Yeah, yeah," I mumble, sitting down at the bar beside them.

"I mean, you're a grown woman, do what you like," Kassie shrugs. "We just don't want you getting in over your head."

"What, don't think I could handle someone like him?" I ask.

"I don't know anyone who could handle someone like him," laughs the bartender, "I'm Dani, by the way," she says.

"Dani's seen more of Brooks than any of us," Kassie says. "She's the only one here all the time while the guys are working. And, more importantly, drinking."

"Well, that's a bunch of bullshit," whines the busty blonde down the bar.

"Dani may be slinging them drinks, but we're the ones holding down the fort," sniffs the skinny brunette. "We've got dibs."

"If by 'holding down the fort' you mean desperately vying to be someone's old lady," Dani says, rolling her eyes.

"Don't worry," Kassie smiles at me, "'Old lady' is a term of endearment, here. The highest compliment. It's like being a member's wife, even if you're not technically married."

"Are you guys married to your, uh, old men?" I ask Kelly and Kassie, "To Declan and Leo, I mean?"

"Not yet," Kelly smiles. "The legal stuff is not as much of a priority, in this world. In case you couldn't guess. Some members have civilian wives that stay clear of club business altogether, but we're sort of a different breed."

"It can actually be safer not to make it legal sometimes," Kassie puts in.

"Safer?" I ask, pouncing on her slip of the tongue.

The women all trade terse glances, wondering how much they can tell me about the way things go around here. Kassie finally says, "MC's aren't without their scrapes with the law, Keira. It's usually nothing serious, but it helps to be unattached-legally-when it happens."

I think about everything I've read concerning the Wraiths and the Nine. "Nothing serious" doesn't really apply to their legal troubles. Between the gang in-fighting, manslaughter investigations, petty crime, and drug running these clubs have racked up quite the criminal records over their histories. Of course, they've never been found seriously guilty of anything, and all charges have been settled or dropped. I'll need new dirt if I'm going to pin anything real on these guys.

Just as I'm about to press the topic further, a horde of leather-clad men come storming into the bar, laughing and shouting. Their numbers have doubled, and I see why in a moment. A new sigil appears among the Dante's Nine dice: a ghoulish, eerie portrait of a ghostly woman. The Las Vegas Chapter of the Devil's Wraiths MC has arrived.

At the head of the pack are the president and VP of the Wraiths, Mac Donnelly and Leo Bane. Mac is even spookier in real life, with his shock of white hair and ruthless eyes. For his part, Leo looks like a ferocious big cat-his jet-black hair and golden eyes are so striking they're almost otherworldly. Flanking Mac and Leo are the barrel-chested Robert "Bear" Watkins, the would-be farm boy Billy "Buck" Larson, the ginger pyromaniac Anthony "Sparky" Rosetta, and the smart one of the bunch, David "Dewey" Mackenzie. Bringing up the rear are the slick, slender Phil "Fiver" Webb and a blonde, clean-cut younger guy who I know to be Emmett "Tyke" Bronson.

The gang's all here. Or rather, the gangs are both here. I'm surrounded by dangerous, potentially armed men-and suddenly this little undercover sting doesn't seem like a foolproof idea after all. I clutch my handbag-and concealed weapon within-a little tighter to my side.

"Well, what are we waiting for?" Declan shouts, gesturing to the fully stocked bar. "Have at it, gentlemen!"

The brothers surge forward, descending on the plentiful booze, and I shrink against the bar to stay out of their way. The three women at the end of the bar fan out to meet them, draping bare limbs across smooth leather cuts. I avert my gaze from their wanton displays, eager to keep a low profile. But as discreet as I try to be, the sight of a new girl in the clubs' midst does not go unnoticed for long.

"Well, howdy," the one called Buck grins, sidling up next to me. "You a new sweet butt or something, baby?"

"I'm sorry?" I say coldly, cocking an eyebrow at the hick. I distrust him on sight, and put up my guard immediately.

"Sweet butts are like club groupies," Kelly explains, pressing herself between me and Buck, "And no. She's not. This is Keira, she works with me and Kassie."

"Keira, huh?" says the burly Bear, wedging himself in next to us. "Pretty name for a pretty girl."

"Actually, she prefers to be called Red," I hear Brooks say from behind me. I look over my shoulder just in time to see his massive form step up behind me. He closes the space between our bodies, his hard chest pressing against my back. The second he lays his hands on my hips from behind, the ravenous Wraiths step back.

"Well, Red," Bear grins, snatching a beer off the bar and dragging Buck away, "you take good care of Brooks, here. It's his party after all."

"I'm not here take care of-" I start, but Brooks leans down and whispers harshly in my ear, cutting me off.

"You want to get passed around from brother to brother all night?" he growls. "Or would you prefer to leave here in one piece?"

"I'm capable of looking out for myself," I inform him, whispering so only he can hear. "I don't need you to be my bodyguard."

"Maybe you'd be OK at some college bar or frat house," Brooks shoots back, "but this is an MC clubhouse, baby. You're no one's old lady, and that means you're fair game."

"That's ridiculous," I scoff.

"That's the truth of it," Brooks insists, "Stick with me tonight, Red."

"You're just trying to claim me for yourself," I shoot back.

"Yes," he growls, cupping my chin and forcing me to meet his gaze, "I am. And even if you won't admit it, I know you want me to. Denying that won't make it any less true, babe."

I stare up at him and know at once that he's right. I do need protection here. These men aren't concerned with flirtation and courtship. They don't ask for permission or wait to take what they want. They're monsters...so I might as well stick with the monster I actually find attractive. Even if he is crazy intimidating.

"All right," I finally say, laying a hand on his hard chest, "you're my watch dog for the night, then."

"I'm your man for the night," he corrects me, catching my hand in his and pulling me tightly against him.

"That doesn't mean I'm just going to drop my panties," I inform him. But my breathless voice gives me away at once.

"Why deny yourself the thing you want?" he asks, looping his arms around the small of my back. My head is swimming with the closeness of him.

I'm so lost in those green eyes that I almost give him an honest answer: Because I'm a federal agent looking to take your asses down, you gorgeous fucking specimen of a man. And I doubt my boss would approve of the fuck first, ask questions later tactic. But now that I think of it...getting closer to Brooks means getting more access to the clubs. Maybe letting myself have a little fun with him would be good for the case...

"What's this?" I hear a low voice remark. I tear my gaze away from Brooks and find myself staring at a pair of golden eyes. We've been joined at the bar by Leo and Kelly, as well as Dec and Kassie. All paired off, as it were. The Devil's Wraiths VP looks between Brooks and I, clearly satisfied with the match.

"Lucky man," Leo nods.

"Lucky as hell," Brooks agrees, wrapping his arms around my waist.

"Kelly here wanted to push Tyke your way," Leo says to me, his golden eyes gleaming, "but I guess you prefer your guys a bit rougher around the edges?"

I think of puny Milo and bite back a laugh. "You might say that," I allow.

Kelly and Kassie look at me intently. I can tell they're trying to give me a way out, if I want it. I know they're still trying to get a read on Brooks, since he's so new around here. But despite their confidence that no one here will do me harm, I have no way of knowing that for sure. My head doesn't have the information it needs, but my gut is telling me that Brooks is my best bet tonight. And my gut is never wrong.

"Let me get you a drink," Brooks says, running his hands over the points of my hips.

"God, yes," I mutter, before I can stop myself. Surely I'm not the first undercover agent to toss back a few with the people she's investigating. I have a feeling that teetotalers don't get invited back to these club shindigs.

"I like her!" Kelly's old man crows.

"She's growing on me," Declan allows.

"Just don't try to keep up with these maniacs," Kassie warns me, jabbing her thumb at Declan, "they're tanks."

"I promise," I assure her, as Dani lines up a long row of shot glasses along the bar.

The men and women of the Wraiths and Nine crowd against the long wooden bar, each grabbing up a shot of whiskey as Declan calls for their attention.

"Here's to Caleb Brooks," he crows, "the newest man of Dante's Nine, one of the best men I've ever met. Welcome to the family, bro!"

Stomping feet and rallying voices fill the already cacophonous space. Someone puts a classic Lynyrd Skynyrd song on the jukebox, and the party has officially begun. I feel myself getting swept up in this place, this energy. I stare down at my glass of amber liquor and smile to myself. When in Rome, have a fucking drink, right? I knock back the shot, steadying myself against Brooks' incredible body. He looks down at me, pleased and clearly turned on by my gumption. One thing's for sure-I've never had this much fun at work in my life.

"Hey, Sparky," Leo calls across the bar, "why don't you go do what you do best so we can have some fun?"

A maniacal smile spreads across the red-bearded face of Sparky, the Wraiths resident pyro. He scampers out the back door, and the rest of us follow in a wave. I drink in a huge breath of night air, the smoky taste of the whiskey still fresh on my tongue. Looking around at the assembled men and women, I have to admit that they're not what I expected. Though there's an element of danger to them, they protect each other, following a fierce code. There's honor among thieves-could there be honor among outlaws too?

Brooks keeps one hand on me at all times. I feel myself pressing back against his touch, reveling in the small point of contact. I've already decided to see where things go with him; why not enjoy it?

"How're you feeling?" Brooks asks, guiding me away from the jostling crowd.

"I'm good," I tell him, "just enjoying the party."

"I can tell," he grins, running a hand up between my shoulder blades. I can't stop a shiver from running through my body at his touch. "Wound a bit tight there?" he asks, his crooked smile widening.

A pulse of excitement lights me up as the word tight trips off his lips. I remember my sexy dream all at once, every single image. Thank god the darkness is hiding the color in my cheeks. Before I can respond to Brooks' evocative question, a roar goes up from the party. A huge crackling sound and blast of heat erupt as a wild light shoots into the sky. A roiling, massive bonfire comes to life at the center of the gathering. Sparky holds his arms up in triumph before the blaze. Guess having a serial arsonist around can come in handy.

"Impressed?" Brooks asks, looking at the fire.

My eyes don't rest on the giant blaze. They're fixed on Brooks' face as the firelight dances across his features. "Yes," I breathe.

He glances down at me, and shakes his dark curls. "I knew you didn't really want me to stay away from you," he says.

"The jury's still out on that one," I insist. But we both know it's a lie.

"Whatever you say, Red," he laughs, drawing a flask out from within his cut. He unscrews the cap and takes a long swig before offering it to me. I happily accept, eager to let my lips brush against the place where his just were. A mouthful of fire courses down my throat, warming me all over. Or maybe it's just the closeness of Brooks that has me heating up.

"Come on, Red," Brooks says, urging me further away from the group, "I want to show you something."

I bite my lip, glancing back at the assembled party. Kassie and Kelly are wrapped up with their old men, laughing and having a good time. Clearly, they're not too worried about little old me. I'm on my own with this sexy stranger of a man. I adjust the straps of my bag and take a calming breath.

"Sure," I say, gathering up my courage, "let's go."

We turn our backs on the blazing fire and set off across the Dante's Nine compound together. I pause to kick off my stilettos as we veer off into the wide-open land. I can't believe that last week, my idea of a good time was a Netflix marathon and a bag of kettle corn. Who am I, all of a sudden? Wandering off from biker bars with strange, gorgeous men, shooting whiskey, taking crazy risks?

"Can I ask you something, Brooks?" I say, breaking the silence that's been hanging like smoke in the air between us.

"Shoot, Red," he says, as we climb up a low, rocky rise.

"Why didn't you just let me fend for myself tonight?" I ask, glancing at his sculpted profile. "What's it to you if I'm safe or not?"

"It's pretty simple," he shrugs, "I didn't want anyone else getting to you first."

"I don't think it is that simple," I challenge him. "I think you wanted to protect me as much as you wanted to call dibs on me."

"You need some kind of romantic explanation? Fine," he laughs, "Think whatever you want to think. As long as I still get to call you mine around here."

"You're not as hard to read as you think," I grin, teasing him gently.

"You don't know the first thing about me," he growls, "If you did, you wouldn't have followed me out here."

The steely edge to his voice takes me by surprise. For the first time, a real jolt of fear runs through my heart. What if I've totally misjudged this man? What if I've really put myself in danger, trusting him tonight? But something about the pained expression that crosses his face tells me he's no heartless bastard. Flawed, perhaps, but not heartless.

We walk along in silence once more, the sounds of the party fading behind us. My heart slams against my rib cage as if trying to escape. I don't blame it. My fingers tremble as I clutch my purse tightly against my side. I've never been more relieved to be armed in my entire FBI career. If the slightest thing goes wrong, I'll have to act without hesitation.

"Where are we going, Brooks?" I whisper.

"You'll see," he replies, his shoulders squared away from me.

Just as I'm about to make a break for it, turn and run back to the party, the ground levels out before us. Brooks stops dead in his tracks, and I crash right into his rock solid body. I look around wildly, but there's nothing around us except low hills and dusty terrain.

"What...uh..." I stammer. "Why did we stop?"

"You're such a city chick," he laughs, stepping up behind me. His manner softens just slightly as he eases up against my body. Brooks places a hand dangerously low on my hip, and raises my chin with the other.

"Look up," he whispers roughly.

My blue eyes go wide as I lift them to the heavens. Above us hang a million blazing pinpricks of light. The stars careen overhead in a sprawling, incomprehensible array. I've never seen anything like it before in my life. I let my bag fall heavily from my shoulder, and it lands with a thump in the dust beside me.

"Bet you don't have skies like this in New York," Brooks grins.

"No..." I breathe, impressed that he remembered the hometown of my alias.

"What did I tell you," he goes on, his voice riding low in his chest, "I can show you all kinds of things, Red."

I let my head fall back against his firm chest as he brushes my hair to the side. He trails his fingertips along the bare curve of my neck, across my collarbone, down toward my breasts-

"Brooks," I say breathlessly, spinning around to face him.

"Just let go," he urges, grabbing me at the waist. His fingers nearly circle my slender torso as I rest my hands on the hard panes of his chest. "You want me. I want you. We're out here, all alone..."

"I know," I say, shaking my head. "I just-"

"What?" he rasps, his green eyes gleaming in the moonlight. "What's stopping you?"

I slip my quaking hands beneath his cut, my palms skimming along every defined muscle. My fingers close around his metal flask, cool against my skin. I unscrew the top and knock back a long swallow of courage. The fiery gulp sets the landscape around me spinning. In the entire world, Brooks is the only solid thing. The only thing that matters.

"I just really needed that," I laugh nervously.

"You missed a drop there," Brooks growls, his eyes dropping to my mouth, "let me get it for you..."

In one swift motion, Brooks catches my lips in his. The kiss sets every cell of my body spinning out of control. I dissolve into him, my body softening in his strong, sure arms. I catch his powerful, scruffy jaw in my quaking hands as our mouths open together. His tongue glides against my own, and the taste of him-whiskey, smoke, richness and warmth-bewitches me completely. I wrap my arms around his broad shoulders as he slides his hands over the rise of my ass.

He tugs me against him, and a moan builds in my throat. I can feel his cock, rock hard against me. My hips grind against him as my sex throbs with want. I can feel myself growing wetter by the second. Brooks' tongue fills my mouth as his kisses become more urgent. I can only imagine what it's like to be filled by him everywhere.

Maybe I'm about to find out.

"Goddammit Red," he says, kissing along the tender skin of my throat, "I can taste how badly you want me. I can practically smell it."

"I'm gonna need another shot if you keep talking like that," I laugh, plucking up his flask once again.

I slip out from under his arms, giggling like a teenager. His crooked smile widens as I dash across the dusty ground, egging him on. He sets off after me, a patient cat toying with his mouse before pouncing. I bring the flask thirstily to my lips. The stars are already blurring above me, but I'm too overwhelmed by the moment to care. I can feel myself letting go, loosening the iron grip of composure and anxiety that's kept me unhappy all these years.

"Slow down, babe," Brooks calls, "or I'm gonna have to carry you back."

"You'd love that, wouldn't you?" I grin, spinning around to face him. "You'd just love to throw me over your shoulder and carry me back to your cave."

"Of course I would," he says. "Do you have any idea what you do to me? Just look at you. I'd be fucking crazy not to make you mine."

"Is that what you're going to do?" I ask, struggling to focus on Brooks as the world around me spins madly on. He catches up to where I stand, steadying me. "Are you going to make me yours, Brooks?"

"Don't you get it, Red?" he says, running his hands through my hair. "I already have."

He lowers his lips to mine once more, running his hands down my sides. Any pretense of restraint I had goes flying away into the brilliant night sky. Screw decorum. Screw modesty. Screw the rules. Sure, I just met the guy yesterday. And sure, he doesn't even know my real name. I'll have to sort this all out at some point. But that can wait for tomorrow. Right now, all I care about is the gorgeous, incomparable man in front of me.

"I don't usually do things like this..." I murmur, giving my full weight to Brooks' strong, cut arms.

"I can tell," he grins. "I bet you've never met a guy like me, have you?"

"Hell no," I laugh, letting my head fall tipsily against his shoulder.

"If it makes you feel any better, Red," he says, brushing the hair out of my face, "I've never met a girl like you, either."

"Don't usually go for redheads?" I grin.

"Oh, I go for redheads every chance I get," he laughs, running those perfect hands all over my body, "But a smart, feisty, ballsy redhead who always looks like she's keeping a secret? Not so much."

"I'm not keeping a secret," I insist, trying to keep the alarm from my voice. How could he have guessed a thing like that?

"Everyone's got a secret," he says, cocking an eyebrow, "And the people who deny that have the biggest secrets of all. I should know."

"I...That's not..." I stammer, fighting for coherence and losing to the whiskey pulsing through my veins.

"Looks like you're going to need a ride after all," Brooks grins, his green eyes sparkling with mischief. Suddenly the sky flips upside down, and I feel my feet fly away from the ground.

"Brooks, what the hell?!" I exclaim, as the brawny biker slings me over his shoulder.

"I warned you," he grins, giving my ass a playful slap.

"You're out of your damn mind," I cry, pounding my fists against his back. But even I know that I'm only playing at being irked. How is every single thing this man does so incredibly sexy to me? Even this?

"Crazy as shit," he replies, marching back toward the clubhouse, "and don't pretend for a second that you don't love it."

"Wait," I say, remembering something through my drunken, sexed-up haze, "Brooks, I need my purse."

"Jesus," he groans, pivoting to snatch up my satchel, "accessories on the brain, at a time like this? I'm just gonna have to pull out all the stops with you."

"You mean you haven't already?" I ask, grabbing the bag from Brooks as he bears me back to the bonfire.

"You have no idea what you're in for with me," he growls, "but you'll find out soon enough. Brace yourself, babe."

I don't even bother trying to come up with a response to that. I give in to the insane, delicious moment, and swear to let the night take me where it will. And as we approach the rollicking chaos of the party once again, I admit-I'm coming around to this undercover thing. In a big way.

Chapter Eight

Warm sunlight plays across my cheek as my fuzzy brain drifts lazily back to consciousness. I keep my eyes closed tightly, granting myself a few more moments of sleep. No need to rush, especially when my brain seems to have been soaked in a barrel of whiskey.

I press into the huge, sculpted body beside me in bed, savoring the feel of bare skin against me. Two thick arms are wrapped around my slender body, and a scruff cheek presses against my own. Vaguely, I notice a firm hand cupping my breast. It's a protective, not an aggressive gesture. But when I let my eyes flutter open to investigate, a strangled yelp escapes my throat.

"What the-where-?!" I cry out, sitting bolt upright in bed. Not my bed, thank you very much. A bed I've never seen before. In a room I've never seen before. I whip around to examine my unexpected bedmate.

Now him I've seen before.

"Morning, Red," Brooks smiles sleepily, eyes barely open in the early sunlight. "Slept well, I take it?"

I leap out of bed, staring at the shirtless god before me. I have no recollection of falling asleep beside him last night. I run my hands all over my body, and find that I seem to be fully clothed. Well, as fully clothed as I ever was last night.

"Brooks," I say, forcing myself to be calm, "where the hell are we?"

"We're at the clubhouse," he shrugs, rolling onto his back, "enjoying a good night's sleep. Or we were. Come back to bed, babe. It's cool that we're using this room."

"Cool is not the word I'd use," I hiss back, shoving my fingers through my hair. "I totally blacked out last night."

"Yeah you did," he laughs, shaking his head, "You party hard. I appreciate that in a woman. Relax, would you? We had a great time."

"How great of a time?" I demand, terrified of his answer.

"What do you mean, how...?" he trails off, spotting the anxious look on my face. "Are you asking...if we fucked?"

"To cut to the chase, yes," I reply.

Brooks stares at me, his brows furrowed with indignation. "Do you honestly think I would fuck a girl after she blacked out?" he demands. "What kind of a sick fuck do you think I am, Red?"

His anger makes me take a step back. "I...I don't know..." I say. "Things were getting pretty hot between us-"

"Yeah, they were," he says, throwing off the covers and rising to his feet, "And then you had a few too many drinks, and I decided to look after you for the rest of the night. I mean, I could have left you out in the bar to get carted off by any old boozed up brother. Would you have preferred that?"

"Of course not," I mutter, feeling embarrassment rising in my cheeks, "I shouldn't have assumed that-"

"Damn right you shouldn't have assumed," Brooks spits, stepping up to me. His tapered, finely tuned torso is close enough to touch, but I don't dare. He's furious that I thought the worst of him, it's odd to see him so offended. For the first time since meeting Brooks, I'm actually scared of what he might do.

"I'm sorry," I breathe, looking up at those fierce green eyes, "I hardly know you, Brooks. I was taken off guard by waking up here. There are a lot of assholes in the world who wouldn't have stopped last night just because-"

"I'm a lot of things, Keira," he growls, towering over me. "I'm a loner. I'm an outlaw. Some would even call me a criminal. But I am not one of those assholes."

I stare up at him, moved by his vehemence. "I believe you," I whisper.

"You'd better," he says, squaring his shoulders. "I live by a code, Keira. We all do, around here. I said I'd protect you from the rest of the guys, and I will. You're my girl now. You're safe with me."

"I know," I breathe, resting my hands on the inked panes of his chest.

"But that doesn't mean I'm not going to have you every which way just as soon as I can," he goes on, grabbing me by the hips. Even in the light of day, he can turn me on in a heartbeat. All I want is to let my hands skirt down across his cut abs, down to that perfect length I've dreamt about...

But duty calls.

"I know this is kind of lame, but...I have to go to work, Brooks," I laugh lightly, "And so do you."

"Work can wait," he says, lowering his lips to the crook of my neck. "I'll give you a lift back to the penthouse. Just as soon as I've fucked you dirty..."

A groan of want builds in my throat. I've never wanted anyone like this before. Never craved someone's touch like it was a drug. But just like a drug, I know Brooks' touch will get me hooked, and fast. I have to keep this physical. Fleeting. The case depends on it. I force myself to think of the case, of my job, as I slip out of Brooks' embrace.

"Soon," I breathe, pulling my hair into a messy bun. I try and ignore the throbbing between my legs, but it's no use. I'll be jonesing for Brooks all day.

"Fine," he says, gritting his teeth. I can see his manhood pressing through his jeans, stiff and ready. For me. "But soon can't come soon enough."

"You're telling me," I mutter.

By some herculean effort, I manage to tear my eyes away from his carved face, his amazingly balanced body, the scrawls of ink and dark brown curls. I gather my things, relieved that I at least remembered my purse-and gun-through last night's shenanigans. For good measure, I snatch up a tee shirt of Brooks' as well. My sexy party outfit won't quite cut it in the light of day.

I don't even dare to steal one last kiss from Brooks before squaring my shoulders and preparing myself for the most epic walk of shame in the history of the world.

Chapter Nine

As I step out of the taxi and hurry into the FBI field office, I hold my head up high and ignore the stares of my new coworkers. There was no time to stop off home before coming in to work, so the entire office gets to see my take on morning-after chic. My black skinny jeans, sky high stilettos, and smudged makeup leave very little to the imagination, as far as what I got up to last night. Thank god I've at least got Brooks' tee shirt draped over my crop top. I try to ignore how even the lingering smell of him gets me worked up. The last thing I need is to spend the morning fantasizing about my bad-boy-almost-lover.

Yeah right, I think to myself, as if I have a choice about that...

"Good morning boys," I say brightly, stepping into the conference room where Mitchell and Bruno are waiting.

The men glance up and gape unabashedly. Bruno bursts out into unkind, uproarious laughter while Mitchell simply cocks his head, taking me in.

"Rough night, Collins?" my boss asks.

"Productive night," I reply with a confident smile.

"With that getup, I bet it was more reproductive than anything else, am I right?" Bruno cackles meanly.

"Clever," I drawl, rolling my eyes, "And wrong. But thanks for playing, Bruno. I spent the night partying at the Forty-Five Club, with the entirety of Dante's Nine and the Las Vegas Devil's Wraiths."

Bruno's laughter cuts off with a strangled, indignant sound as Mitchell's face lights up with a pleased grin.

"Seriously, Collins?" Mitchell asks, "You got access to the Dante's Nine clubhouse?"

"Sure did," I say, crossing my arms. "The clubs were having a welcome bash for the newest member of the MC. All seventeen brothers were in attendance, plus the old ladies I've been working with. And a few sweet butts, to boot. They brought me along after we finished up with the website for the day."

"So you know who the ninth member is, then?" Mitchell asks excitedly.

"Wh-what?" I stammer, caught off guard.

"The newest guy of Dante's Nine. Who is he?" my boss presses, nodding at the blank space among the club's roster hanging on the wall.

"Oh. Uh. His name is Brooks. Caleb Brooks," I say, trying to keep my voice light. Why does it feel like such a betrayal, speaking his name in this building? If Brooks and the others are innocent, then no harm will come from my relaying this information. Right?

"Excellent work, Collins," Mitchell says, clapping me on the shoulder. "It was risky, going in there without giving us a heads up. But you took a chance and came back with some great information. It was never the plan to have you working outside of CrowdedNest, but I think we should reevaluate that-"

"You've got to be shitting me," Bruno growls from across the room. His face is turning bright red, and his meaty hands are balled into fists.

"What's the problem, Bruno?" Mitchell sighs.

"The problem is that she's a rookie," Bruno spits. "She's going to come traipsing into my part of the investigation and fuck everything up."

"Last night was a success," I remind him, raising an eyebrow. "What, are you above having another agent help you-?"

"Last night was beginners luck," he says, waving away my assertions. "You're not ready for this, Collins. You have no idea what you're doing. I've been working on this investigation for months. Operation Inferno is my case."

"Our case," I correct him.

"Like hell," he growls.

"Enough," Mitchell says, cutting us both off, "quit squabbling, would you? Quinn, proceed carefully with your part of the investigation. If there's another opportunity to spend time at the Forty-Five Club, go ahead and take it. Keep gathering information as it comes to you, but make investigating CrowdedNest your priority."

"Got it," I smile.

"And Bruno," Mitchell goes on, "Your investigation has been focused on the Devil's Playpen, not the Forty-Five Club. You should still have plenty of room to do things your way around the Wraiths' compound. Keep your focus on the porn company, keep trying to get information from the girls. That's where the bulk of the tips have been coming from, after all."

Bruno nods his head, once. His anger doesn't seem at all abated, just swallowed. He's pissed as hell that I dared to take one step toward "his turf". Seems like a counterproductive attitude to me. If my getting access to Dante's Nine helps the case, shouldn't he be thrilled that I'm making progress? His swollen ego is preventing him from seeing what an asset I could be to this investigation. I'll just have to go ahead and prove how valuable I can be.

"Keep up the good work, both of you," Mitchell concludes, "I can feel us getting closer to a break here. In a couple weeks' time, we could be pressing charges and saying goodbye to these clubs forever."

"A couple weeks?" I ask, taken aback. "That's it?"

"That's my timeline," Mitchell confirms, "Shouldn't take longer than that to turn up any dirt, if there's dirt to be found. If we can't find anything to nail these guys on after another two weeks, we'll need to back off and reevaluate. So get cracking, both of you. No time to waste."

Bruno and I turn to go in unison. The bull of a man charges past me through the office door, but this time I hold my ground. I'm through letting him bully me. We're both federal agents, after all. He's not entitled to any more respect because he happens to be a man, or because he has a couple of decades on me. We were both brought onto this case for a reason-because we could do good work. And that's just what I intend to do.

Even if that does mean investigating the people I'm beginning to think of as my friends.

Chapter Ten

"Hey there, sunshine," Kelly smirks, opening the door bearing the gilded B.

"Thanks for letting me take the afternoon shift, as it were," I grin bashfully, slipping into the sleek, modern suite. I swung home between leaving the FBI and coming here to change out of last night's clothes. I've opted for a pair of boyfriend jeans and a loose black tank today, and my hair hangs in its natural red curls. I didn't have enough time to shower, but I'm certainly looking more put together than I did when I rolled out of Brooks' bed.

"We were all in rough shape this morning," Kassie laughs from the kitchen. "Speaking of, can I get you some coffee?"

"God yes," I breathe, slinging my large handbag onto the wooden table we use as a collective desk.

The suite is filled with warm sunlight, streaming in through the tall windows. Vegas churns on beneath us, active even at this time of day. In a couple of hours the very air above Sin City will be golden, before the sky gives way to the pulsing neon fever dream of night.

Kassie sets three mugs on the table and tips the rich contents of the French press into them. I sip my excellent cup of coffee, still unaccustomed to drinking anything so fine. These girls may be biker broads, but I'm learning that the home lives of these MC members are often much more luxurious than their reputations would suggest.

"So," Kelly says, crossing her arms and studying me, "you have a good time last night?"

I meet her gaze gamely. Kelly is a spitfire, but I'm none too timid myself. "I did," I reply.

"You and Brooks were getting awfully cozy," Kassie remarks, "did you guys...?"

"No," I cut her off, "we didn't. I passed out at some point, and Brooks kept me company until morning."

"But you did hook up, right?" Kelly presses.

"There may have been a little hooking up," I allow, remembering the moment we kissed beneath the sprawling sky. The moment I tasted him for the first time. "But nothing past a little friendly making out, I promise."

"Hey, you don't have to answer to us," Kassie says, elbowing Kelly. "What you do after hours is your business. We can't exactly caution you to stay away from bad boy bikers, can we? I'm sure Brooks is a good guy, in the end. I mean, Declan vouches for him."

"I was hoping to set you up with Tyke," Kelly sighs. "Guess I'm not the best matchmaker. Though there is a new girl at the Devil's Playpen who might go for him..."

"You're a crazy person," Kassie says, rolling her eyes.

"Takes one to know one," Kelly returns. "But anyway, Keira, if you want Brooks, you should go for it. Trust me, biker sex can be-"

"Can you please not try to scare our new employee away before her first week is up?" Kassie cuts in.

"Actually, I'm kind of curious," I admit. "I mean, I imagine the sex is incredible. But beyond that, how did you guys find yourselves shacked up with the VPs of two of Vegas's most influential MC's?"

"Did some research about the subject, huh?" Kassie teases.

"You caught me," I demur, kicking myself for showing my hand. Luckily, the girls don't seem to notice. "Guess I'm just curious about the life, is all."

"Let me put it this way," Kelly says, leaning toward me over the table, "falling in love with a guy like Leo, or Declan-even Brooks-it realigns your whole world. The way you think about everything flips on its head. Even the way you think of yourself. Being loved, desired, by a man that powerful makes you feel like a goddamn goddess. I highly recommend it, actually."

I look between Kassie and Kelly, relieved that their reservations about Brooks seem to have lifted. They seem to really want me to fall for him. Or at least let him take me for a ride. Jesus, there really must be something to this whole bad boy thing if they endorse it so wholeheartedly.

"Doesn't it ever bother you, though?" I ask carefully. "The fact that your old men aren't exactly on the right side of the law?"

"Here's the thing about the law, Keira;" Kassie says, shaking her blonde hair off her shoulders, "there may be two sides, by that's doesn't mean there's necessarily a right one."

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"Law enforcement, the police, the government," Kassie goes on, waving her hand dismissively, "they all claim to have some moral high ground. But what gives them the right to impose their morality on the rest of us? Especially when most of the time, it's only their own best interests they're looking out for."

"How many laws that exist in this country actually serve to protect those who need protecting?" Kelly goes on. "The fundamental rules that govern this country were put in place two hundred years ago. Since then, lawmakers, and law enforcers, have been more concerned with protecting rich people's rights and property than anything else."

"Don't you think that's a bit of a generalization?" I ask, bristling at the implication that what I do as an FBI agent is morally corrupt.

"Maybe, maybe not," Kassie shrugs. "All I'm saying is that morality isn't black and white. And anyone who claims otherwise, the government included, is lying. Dante's Nine and the Devil's Wraiths have broken the laws of the land more times than anyone can count, and they've paid the price each time. But no threat of punishment is going to keep them from living the way they feel is honest. They protect their brothers and families, they don't go out of their way to hurt anyone, and they're fierce about their honor and their beliefs. And I've come to admire that immensely."

"But people still do get hurt, don't they?" I say softly, my baby brother's face swimming up in my mind's eye. "There are innocent people who get hurt when people don't follow the law, aren't there?"

"There are innocent people who get hurt when this country legally goes to war, too," Kelly says. "There are innocent people wrongly killed by the law, by the government. It's an imperfect system, Keira. The MC life just preaches living fully and protecting your own before the system can screw you over for good."

For the first time, I find myself considering Brandon's death in another light. A stray bullet hit him during a shootout between the cops and a local gang. But what if the bullet itself came from one of the cop's guns, rather than a gang member's? Would that change anything?

No. I can't start thinking like this. Not now.

"Sorry, that was a little much," Kelly says, noticing my pensive expression.

"It's fine," I tell her, snapping out of it. "Just...a lot to think about."

"Remember," Kelly smiles, "throwing yourself into the MC life is not a requirement of this job. We just don't want you to write it off without considering-"

"Why don't we just get back to the task at hand?" Kassie suggests. "Kelly and I have to head out and meet a potential investor this afternoon. Will you be OK working here on your own for a while, Keira?"

Jackpot. A little alone time to snoop around the CrowdedNest files is just what I need.

"Sure," I reply, "that's no problem at all. Just let me know what you need to me do."

"If you could just familiarize yourself with our SEO and marketing strategies today, that would be incredibly helpful," Kassie goes on, "You should be able to access everything you need through our shared internet connection. We've authorized your computer. We'll be gone for the rest of the day, so feel free to ship off when you're finished. We trust you."

Ugh. This whole snooping thing would be a whole lot easier if I didn't feel so guilty about going behind Kassie and Kelly's backs. I need to find a way to stay unattached around here, no matter how awesome my new employers happen to be.

"Sounds like a plan," I say, opening up my laptop. "You two go ahead, I'll be fine here."

Kelly and Kassie head out after a few more words of instruction. I listen as the elevator doors whistle shut and look around the impressive suite. I'm alone with all the intelligence I could possibly need about CrowdedNest.com. How's that for good luck?

I set to work at once, pulling up the shared folder that contains every bit of information concerning the crowd-funding site. There are banking statements, investor breakdowns, personnel information, marketing outlines, the works. Time to start digging. I download a copy of the entire folder onto my own laptop first thing, so I can keep up my investigation at home.

As I begin to peruse the files, I'm struck by how ultra-professional everything is. Kassie and Kelly both studied computer science at Berkeley, I learn from the marketing materials, so it's no surprise that they know their shit. That also means that they're probably pretty good at covering shit up, if need be. But it takes a computer nerd to know a computer nerd. With my own degree, I'd say we're pretty evenly matched.

The further I dig into the CrowdedNest files, the more legit everything looks. Sure, Declan offered the startup cash, and money was shifted from the CrowdedNest account to pay for the construction of the Dante's Nine auto shop, but none of that is obscured in these reports. It's as though Kassie and Kelly are trying to be as transparent as possible about the fact that club and site funds are fluid. It's ballsy of them. They're not making any effort to hide how involved they are in their MC's. They may not be married to Leo and Dec, but they're plenty entwined in other ways.

Just as I'm about to give Mitchell a call to ask about the initial tips against CrowdedNest, I hear the elevator doors open once more. My heart flies into my throat as I close out of the various files I have pulled up on my computer. Sure, I've been granted access with the girls' knowledge, but they may start to wonder about my motives if they see me trolling through their every little file.

I look up as the front door clatters open. Relief and excitement spark simultaneously through my brain as Brooks strides into the suite. His bare, bulging arms are run-through with thick veins. His face is flushed, and engine grease lingers on his exposed skin-almost like an extra set of tattoos. He looks like he's been hard at work in the garage all morning. But the second he lays eyes on me, alone in the apartment, his tired eyes blaze to life.

"Hey, Red," he says, closing the door behind him. "I was hoping I'd find you here."

"Been rolling around in the mud all day, Brooks?" I ask, standing to face him. I lean back against the long wooden table, unconsciously arching my back just a bit. Brooks' eyes skirt down along the length of my body, lingering on my breasts as they rise with every breath. Those breaths come faster as he approaches, advancing like a lion closing in on his prey.

"Been working all day," he grins, closing the distance between us. "Not that you'd know what real work is, sitting behind this computer all day."

"Oh please," I say, rolling my eyes, "we both play with toys all day. You've got your grownup Hot Wheels, I've got my grownup Gameboy. I don't see much of a difference."

"I told you," Brooks says, as he places his hands on the edge of the table, boxing me in, "I don't play games."

"That much is abundantly clear," I breathe, amazed at the sudden, brazen closeness of him. My entire body reacts to his presence, begs for his expert touch.

"I've been thinking about you ever since you left this morning," he says, his voice rich and rasping.

"That so?" I ask, as he inches in ever closer. "What have you been...thinking?"

"I've been thinking about how sweet you taste," he growls, brushing his lips against my neck, "how sexy you'd look in nothing but my tee shirt," he wraps a strong arm around me, drawing me close. "How I'd give anything to get you alone..."

"Well look at that," I breathe, taking his bearded face in my hands, "you've got me."

Surprise and satisfaction surge through the green pools of his eyes. "Looks like I'm not the only one who's been thinking things over," he says.

"I don't want to play games either, Brooks," I say, sliding my hands along his firm chest, "It's like you said. You want me, I want you. Why fight it?"

"That's more like it," he grins.

We pick up right where we left off this morning, like not a moment has passed. Now that we're alone, I don't have to keep my desire at bay. My lust has been growing all day long, boiling over inside of me. How can someone I just met do this to me?

With no effort at all, Brooks picks me up off the ground, setting me down on the long table before him. My legs part to accommodate his huge, powerful body. Without thinking, I hook my ankles beneath his perfectly sculpted ass, tugging him closer to me. My sex is throbbing with anticipation as he presses against me, running his hands along my sides.

"I could lay you out across this table and fuck you right now," he growls, resting his hands on my inner thighs. Words fail me as his fingers inch upward, closer and closer to that place between my legs that's been aching for him. Whether I've admitted it to myself or not, I've wanted this since the first moment I laid eyes on him. And I want it now more than ever.

"Do what you want," I whisper, letting my knees fall farther apart, "I just want you to take me, Brooks"

"You want someone who can control you, huh?" he growls, running a thumb along the inseam of my jeans. My head falls back as I feel him brush against the length of my sex, a mere layer of fabric standing between me and those hands. "You want someone to conquer you. Tame you. You've never had that, have you?"

"Never," I breathe, my entire world narrowing to the feel of his hands running along my crotch. Brooks pushes me back onto my forearms, and I fall against the long desk. He lowers himself to me, pushing his hands up under my tank top. I shiver as his fingers dance along my bare skin, tremble at the thought of him stripping me down right here on the table.

"I could touch you all day," he growls, lowering his lips to the naked, taut stretch of my stomach, "If I thought you could handle it, that is."

"You don't think I could handle you, Brooks?" I gasp, closing my eyes as he kisses the dip beside my hipbone.

"We'll find out, won't we? But if you can't now," he says, glancing up at me with those devilish eyes, "we'll just have to keep practicing until you can."

His deft hands slip up my arched back, snapping open the clasp of my bra. My breasts fall free as the garment slips away, and I let out a long breath as Brooks cups them in his hands. As he leans forward, I can feel the rigid length of him pressing hard against my thigh. Any cares about propriety fly out the window as I feel how hard he is for me.

"That feels so good..." I moan, as he rolls my hard nipples between his fingers.

"Just wait," he grins, pulling me back up to sitting, "we're just getting started."

But just as I brace myself for the full force of his gorgeous body, he steps away. I blink at him, bemused, as he turns away from me.

"Brooks," I exclaim, snatching up my fallen bra and sliding it back into place, "Where are you going?"

"Hopping in the shower," he says over his shoulder, "care to join me, Red?"

My body is full to the bursting with wanting him. The second he steps away, I can see how insane I'm acting. Sprawled across the desk, waiting to be worked over by my very own biker boy...and not giving a damn how reckless I'm being. Mitchell said this whole thing is likely to be over in two weeks time, after all. That means there's not a moment to spare if I'm going to get my fill of Brooks.

"You trying to drive me crazy?" I ask, stepping down from the desk.

"Maybe," he shrugs. "Is it working?"

"I think you know that it is," I shoot back.

"Come on then," he says, "I'm not playing hard to get. I just thought I'd do you a solid and wash off the day's work before I had you."

He winks at me and disappears into the bedroom. I stare slack jawed after him as I listen to the shower turn on. As brave as I may be, I still have to admit to myself that Brooks is more man than I've ever taken on. What if he is too much for me? There's only one way to find out, I suppose. Tentatively, I make my way across the suite, ever closer to the sound of running water. Kassie and Kelly won't be back for hours. This is our moment.

I sidle into Brooks' bedroom and spot steam spilling out of the cracked bathroom door. Padding across the room, I will my heart to calm down. It's beating madly with nervousness and desire, as unreliable a compass as ever. Pausing outside the bathroom door, I take a moment to check in with my body, my gut, the only true guide I have. It turns out my body isn't confused at all. It knows exactly what it wants, and it wants Caleb Brooks.

A warm wash of steam rolls over me as I step into the spa-like bathroom. The space is enormous and high ceilinged. A marble bath the size of a small swimming pool is built into the elegant room, but that's not where my eyes are drawn to now. Instead, I stare at the articles of discarded clothing, leading me like breadcrumbs to the standing shower. There, encased in glass like the work of art he resembles, is Brooks. All of Brooks.

His muscular back is turned to me as he runs his hands through those dark curls of his hair. His broad shoulders ripple with power, his tapered waist giving way to the finest, firmest ass I've ever seen. Even his calves stand out in hard relief, carved and sculpted from hours of physical labor. I close the door with a snap behind me, and the sound catches Brooks' attention. I hold my breath as he swings that gorgeous body around.

I'm frozen where I stand as I take in the sight of him. His firm, inked pecs, the perfectly cut abs that trail down his torso, the crooked smile fixed on his perfect lips...and the rock hard, staggering length between his legs. I stare unabashedly at his full, rigid manhood, standing at attention after our encounter just moments ago. I've never seen such an enormous, such a downright gorgeous member in my entire life. I didn't even think it was possible to find a cock beautiful. And yet...

"There you are," he says from behind the glass. Rivulets of water cascade down his perfect body as I look on in wonder.

"Here I am," I say softly.

"Get in here, Red," Brooks urges, "the water's great."

I swallow hard, forcing my feet to move forward. I've never done anything like this before. I've never even slept with a guy on a first date. But I've also never really gone after a man I wanted. There's a first time for anything, I guess.

My eyes are fixed on Brooks' body as I approach. "You're fucking perfect..." I breathe.

"If you think so, that makes two of us," he laughs.

"Yeah right," I smile nervously, "I'm anything but perfect, Brooks."

He fixes me with an intent stare through the fogged up glass. "If that's what you think, you're crazy," he says.

I shrug, embarrassed by his praise and unsure of how to proceed. My mind is fogging like the pane of glass that separates us. I can't think straight when Brooks is right in front of me without a stitch on his body.

"Strip for me, Red," he urges.

"Strip?!" I exclaim. "You want me to-?"

"What else are you gonna do, come in here fully clothed?" he laughs. "That'll make what I have planned for us pretty difficult."

I bit my lip, catching the hem of my tank with trembling fingers. I should feel silly, or self-conscious, I suppose. I've never stripped for a man before, not like this. But Brooks isn't any man. And under the guise of Keira Campbell, maybe I have the courage to do what he asks...

"All right," I breathe, drawing my tank top over my head, here goes-"

"Brooks?" a low voice calls from the main suite. "Dude, are you here?"

"Holy shit!" I squeak, letting my shirt fall back into place. "Is that Declan?!"

"I think so," Brooks shrugs, eyes fixed on my body, "so what?"

"So what?" I exclaim, looking frantically between Brooks and the bathroom door.

"You're still new to this life, Keira," Brooks smiles, "but you'll find in time that we're not too shy around here."

I whip around as the bathroom door opens, and Declan Tiberi strolls on in. He takes in the sight of Brooks in the shower, and me just about to hop in. But just as Brooks predicted, he doesn't even bat an eye.

"Oh," he says, unsurprised, "hey Keira."

"H-hey Declan," I manage to say, "I'll just, uh, wait for you guys outside."

"You cock-blocking sonofabitch," Brooks mutters to Declan and I hurry past.

"You'll survive," I hear Declan say before I close the door. "I need you at the clubhouse this afternoon. We've got chapel."

I lean heavily against the doorframe, chest heaving. All that tension, all that desire, derailed so that Declan could tell Brooks about a meeting?

We were this close. I guess the best things in life come to those who wait. But who would have thought that waiting a whole day to be with someone would feel like far too long? My body's decided what it wants, even if my heart and mind are confused. If anything, Declan's interruption just proved how urgent that wanting really is.

"Thanks, Tiberi. I guess," I mutter to myself.

Forget the fact that we just met, and the fact that I'm masquerading as someone else. The greatest obstacle to me and Brooks right now might just be finding a moment alone.

Chapter Eleven

Against all odds, I start to adjust to my new way of life as the days go by. I wake up, ignore whatever plaintive texts or emails Milo has sent during the night, pour some kibble into The Mayor's bowl, and head out the door. I've given up trying to dress differently for my two selves' very different jobs. Whether I'm heading to the FBI field office or the CrowdedNest home base, I opt for jeans, a fitted tank or tee, and blown out hair. And if I happen to be swinging by the Forty-Five club after work, a smudge of red lipstick, some heels, and a neckline tugged low quickly complete my look.

I log a few good hours of investigation into CrowdedNest each and every day, but the result is always the same. No matter how deep I dig, I can't find a speck of dirt. Kassie and Kelly have set up an organized, efficient, and utterly wholesome site. If websites could be considered for sainthood, this one would be a shoo-in. There are no traces of malware, no evidence that the girls are skimming off the top of donations to their elderly clients. By all appearances, this operation is exactly what it looks like to the untrained eye: an excellent idea for a startup that benefits people all over the country.

And that's why this whole thing doesn't make any damn sense.

Mitchell is as puzzled by the lack of incriminating evidence as I am. Based on the anonymous tips the FBI received about CrowdedNest, he expected there to be all kinds of fishy (and phish-y) things going on with the site.

"At least we have hard evidence that the site is sharing funds with the MC's, right?" my boss says as we wrap up another meeting, about a week into my investigation. He, Bruno and I have spent the last hour or so laying all our evidence out on the table to underwhelming effect.

"Well, that's not exactly true," I point out, hopping onto the conference table beside him. "It's more a matter of who's investing in what. Tiberi invested in CrowdedNest, Kassie invested in the Dante's Nine auto shop, Kelly and Leo each invested in the Devil's Playpen porn company...the clubs are too smart to have war chests, so to speak."

"Then we'll just have to nail them on something else," Bruno cuts in, his brow furrowed. "Clearly, you're not going to be of any use on the digital front. I'm going to have to get one of the Devil's Playpen girls to talk."

"And what if the girls don't have anything to say?" I ask. "What if the strip club and porn company are as well-run as the website?"

"You clearly don't know much about strip clubs or porn sites," Bruno grins at me.

"I know that you haven't found any evidence of illegal activity," I shoot back, "and you've been working your angle a whole lot longer than I've been working mine. Maybe it's time for us to consider the possibility that there's nothing to see here."

"You'd like that, wouldn't you?" Bruno sneers. "If these assholes aren't technically doing anything wrong, you get to keep up your biker chick charade. None of them have to find out you're an agent. You can keep knocking around with your slutty girlfriends and that thug you've taken a liking to."

"Excuse me?" I snap, damning the blush that creeps into my cheeks.

"Don't play dumb," Bruno says, rolling his eyes. "You've clearly got a little schoolgirl crush on that Brooks character."

"What makes you say that?" I ask, deflecting his accusation.

"Let's see," Bruno goes on, "you stumbled upon the identity of a brand new member of Dante's Nine, but all you've told us about him is a name and the color of his eyes. You're totally disinterested in investigating his criminal past. And you spend as much time at the CrowdedNest offices as possible-which, as you've told us, is also Brooks' bachelor pad for the time being. I'm a federal agent, Girlie. I know how to put two and two together."

"Is Bruno right?" Mitchell asks, raising an eyebrow, "Are you really getting involved with Brooks?"

I look back and forth between the agents. How can I even answer that? I'm wildly attracted to Brooks, and live for the times we get to sneak off and steal some steamy moments. I've seen him naked, he's seen me close to it. We've been hooking up all week, but still haven't managed to do the deed...yet. He's all I think about, all I dream about, all I want. And he's absolutely wild for me, too.

"It's nothing," I finally say to my coworkers, "I flirt with him to get information about the MC's. That's all."

"Right," Bruno scoffs.

"It's not a bad strategy," Mitchell nods. "Is he interested in you, too?"

"He is, as far as I can tell," I say, swallowing a smile.

"Then use that, Collins!" Mitchell urges, "How far you push your relationship with him is totally up to you, but it could be a fruitful...union."

"Are you...giving me permission to pursue Brooks? Romantically?" I ask my boss.

"I'm saying that if Keira Campbell wanted to make a move on Caleb Brooks...that would be very good for Quinn Collins' investigation," Mitchell says pointedly.

I have to laugh. All my worries about stepping over the line with Brooks have been waved away. I'm free to do as I please with him. As long as I claim it was all for the investigation, it's fine, whether that's really true or not. There's still the matter of coming clean to him as a Fed to deal with, of course. But we'll cross that bridge when we get there. If we ever get there, that is.

"I'll see what I can do, Mitchell," I grin.

Bruno looks on with distaste, but I can't be bothered by my fellow undercover agent's disdain. I've just been given a free pass to go after the one man I've ever been crazy for.

And that is crazy awesome.

Chapter Twelve

"I can't stare at this screen anymore," Kelly groans, burying her face in her hands.

"I think I've gone into full zombie mode too," Kassie sighs, shutting her laptop with a click. "Time to call it a day."

The three of us have been toiling over the website all day, tweaking the smallest details and optimizing its function. But after this full week of hard work, we've made a lot of progress. I'm actually really proud of my contributions to CrowdedNest. Especially now that I know it's not a secret front for a drug or gun running scheme, or what have you.

"You've been an amazing help around here, Keira," Kassie says, grabbing my hand across the table. "Thank you for busting your ass for us this week."

"It's been a pleasure," I smile, squeezing her fingers gently.

"If you keep up the good work, we may have to discuss making this a full-time thing," Kelly puts in, "Would you be interested in moving away from being a freelancer? Just in theory, of course."

A genuine grin of surprise spreads across my face. "I'd love that," I say, before I can catch myself. As the words escape my lips, I know at once that they're true. I would love to keep working with these girls, hitting up the MC clubs after work, spending every waking moment living in hope of seeing Brooks walk through the door. I have to remind myself, for the thousandth time, that this is all a lie. In a week, the dream will be over. But I guess I can't let the girls know that.

"We don't have to make any decisions just yet," Kassie says, shooting Kelly a look, "But it's good to know that you're interested, Keira. That's great to hear."

"Now that that's cleared up," Kelly says brightly, "I need a whiskey. Let's go."

Just as the last words escape Kelly's mouth, Brooks appears in his bedroom door. He's been sleeping off his early shift at the garage-a fact that's made it rather difficult for me to concentrate fully. One afternoon, while Kelly and Kassie were out of the office, Brooks all but carried me into his room to have his way with me. Of course, my bosses showed up again just as things were about to get serious. I'm not sure what the official term for female blue balls is, but whatever it is, I'm feeling it hard these days.

"You ladies heading out?" Brooks asks. "I'll keep an eye on Keira for you."

"No doubt," Kassie laughs. "We were actually going to head out for a drink."

"Are we going to the Forty-Five club?" I ask eagerly.

"Let's try something new tonight," Kelly suggests, "I know just the place. Come on, girls. I'll drive tonight."

"You shouldn't have to do all the driving by yourself, Kelly," Brooks says, striding over to our shared desk. "Let me help. I'll come along, and Keira can ride with me."

"On...your Harley?" I ask, trying to hide my excited nerves.

"No, on my dragon," he grins, resting his hands on my slender shoulders. There's a protective possessiveness in his every touch that's been growing with each passing day. It's well known among the club members that I'm Brooks' girl after hours. If only I could be his girl every hour. But a girl's got to work-and this girl's got to work enough for two.

"Whatever Keira wants," Kassie smiles, linking arms with Kelly and heading for the door, "though I can guess what that might be..."

I grin sheepishly at my new girlfriends. My desire for Brooks is no secret to them. If anything, they're thrilled that I might land myself a biker boy of my own.

"You two lovebirds can follow me," Kelly says, leading the way down to the street. Brooks and I trail behind, his hand firmly on the small of my back. He's told me time and again that's his favorite part of my body. Though, to be fair, he's said that about every part of my body by now.

"Have a good night, all," the doorman says happily as we pass.

Oh, I plan to, I think to myself, letting Brooks lead the way outside.

Kassie and Kelly slide into the Prius that's parked before the high rise. With a wicked grin, Brooks tows me over to an enormous, impressive piece of machinery standing at the curb. He waves an arm before the spotless Harley, pride gleaming in his green eyes.

"Your chariot," he says, handing me a half-shell helmet.

"Don't think I'm lame," I say, slipping the helmet onto my hair, "But I've never been on one of these before."

"Another first of yours I get to take?" he says, letting his hand slide over my ass. "Sounds good to me."

"Can you two quit pawing each other for a second so we can go?" Kelly calls out the car window, "Mama needs a drink!"

Brooks swings a denim-clad leg over the powerful machine and looks expectantly over his shoulder at me. Screwing up my courage as best I can, I lower myself onto the seat behind him. Here goes nothing.

"Hold on tight," Brooks commands, grabbing my arms and placing them firmly around his muscled torso. He doesn't have to tell me twice. I take as much of him as I can in my arms, resting my cheek against the smooth leather of his cut. I'm pressed against the Dante's Nine sigil emblazoned on his back, fighting off the lingering guilt I feel at supposing that maybe MC's aren't total packs of heathens after all.

Kelly and Kassie take off down the strip, and Brooks cranks the Harley's engine to life. I'm taken totally off guard as the mighty machine begins to vibrate between my legs. The life contained in this vehicle is mind-blowing. I lean forward on the leather seat, amazed by how good it feels to have this much power clenched between my thighs. Though if I get my way tonight, I'll have a whole different kind of might wrapped up in my legs.

Brooks swings the Harley into the teeming traffic of the Vegas strip. The sun is just setting over Sin City, and the place is coming to life with vivid energy. I stare up at the towering resorts and casinos as we fly by. Pressing against Brooks' hard body, I feel like the queen of this kingdom of vice. How can anything that feels this good really be bad? How can all the people milling about Vegas, all the MC brothers, be so morally corrupt, just for enjoying themselves? What if life is just too short to deprive yourself of everything you want?

Better not waste any more time, if that's the case, I think to myself, tightening my grip on Brooks' perfect body, Tonight's our night.

We soar beyond the pulsing neon center of the city, tearing through the outskirts of town. I look over my shoulder as we sail past the Forty-Five Club. I wonder where we're headed tonight? Another biker bar somewhere, probably.

My heart swells with delight as we rip through the darkened desert, uncountable stars wheeling overhead. I never thought this would be the case...but I love the feel of this bike beneath me. There's nothing between me and the wind, and nothing between Brooks' body and mine. It's a feeling I could get used to, if my time with him wasn't going to be over in a week, that is.

Don't think like that, I chide myself, Just enjoy the moment, Collins. You deserve it. "How're you doing back there?" Brooks calls over the roaring wind.

"This is amazing!" I cry back, shaking out my curls behind me.

"I like the feel of you on my bike, Red," Brooks grins, checking me out in the rear view mirror. "And the look of you, too. You're the sexiest goddamn woman I've ever seen."

"I bet you say that to all the girls," I say, squeezing his thigh.

"No," he says, "I don't." And the intent focus of his gaze tells me he's not lying.

We trail Kelly's car up into the hills, deeper than I've ever travelled before. As chaotic and wild as Vegas itself is, these dark, deserted hills are far more chilling. What's lying ahead of us, obscured from sight? I guess I'm about to find out.

At long last, we turn down a dusty trail off the main road. Brooks' headlights illuminate the sprawling landscape before us, and alight on a weathered wooden road sign. I squint at the marker as we rumble past, and feel my heart bash itself against my ribcage as I spot the symbol emblazoned there.

A ghoulish wraith beckons us forward, her skeletal hand outstretched. We've entered the territory of the Devil's Wraiths now. I've only ever heard of this place, the compound they call the Wraith's Nest. But there's one thing I know for damn sure-I'm not supposed to be here.

Brooks must feel my body go rigid against his, because he peers back at me and asks, "Why so tense, Red?"

"I was just getting used to the Forty-Five Club," I tell him, "I'm not sure if I'm ready to get thrown into a whole new MC-"

"You've met all the Wraiths, and they're cool with you," he assures me. "And remember, you're with me now. Nothing's going to hurt you."

Except possibly the other agent on this case, I think to myself. Bruno was furious when I started tagging along with Dante's Nine. What's he going to say if I show up right at the heart of his investigation? I'll just have to pray that this is his night off or something. There's no turning back now.

The Wraith's Nest appears over the next rise-a scattering of buildings strewn across the hillside. Most of the structures are low and barracks-like, with one rather obvious exception. At the center of the compound is a tall, brightly lit building, teeming with expensively dressed men and scantly clad women. A red neon sign above the front door broadcasts to the world that this is the infamous Devil's Playpen.

"We're going in there?" I ask, as Brooks parks his Harley at the end of a long line of impressive bikes.

"Sure," he says, cutting the engine. My legs remember the intense vibration as I step off onto solid ground, "This is the Wraiths' watering hole. There's a great bar inside. You're not shy about the whole strip club thing, are you?"

"Hell no," I reply, shaking out my long hair. "It doesn't bother me."

"Good," Brooks smiles, "It shouldn't. Even in your nerdiest work outfit, you're way more beautiful than any woman in there."

"I think you secretly like that I'm a nerd," I smile, resting my hands on his tapered hips as he steps off his bike. Brooks towers over me, running a hand through his tumbling curls. He slips an arm around my waist, tugging me protectively against his side.

"You caught me," he growls, setting off for the Playpen.

"Is it that I'm a challenge, or that I'm something new?" I ask, trying to stay cool as we approach the door.

"Both and neither," Brooks shrugs. "It's mostly just that you're you, Keira."

I swallow a sharp laugh. If only he could appreciate the irony of that statement.

Kelly and Kassie join us as we make our way into the Devil's Playpen. The second the doors of the strip club swing open, I'm nearly bowled over by a wave of pounding music and flashing lights. The joint swallows us up as we step inside, and I'm mesmerized by the writhing shapes of women that are spotlit all around. It's a Friday night, and the place is absolutely packed.

Hundreds of male faces are upturned around the women who dance on lit-up stages all around the space. Audience members vie for the dancers' attention, waving twenty, fifty, and even hundred dollar bills in the air. I notice that the men in attendance are anything but shabby. Most of them wear perfectly tailored designer suits. These are the big spenders, shelling out for a second of their favorite porn star's time. Employing adult actresses was a pretty savvy business decision on the Wraiths' part.

And wouldn't you know it, there they all are-the eight men of the Devil's Wraiths are lined up along the bar, enjoying the view. Quite of few of the Dante's Nine men have joined them. I guess this is tonight's designated drinking spot. I watch as Kassie and Kelly locate their old men, settling onto their laps with total ease, as if there weren't dozens of half naked women all around us. But it's not the dancers I find myself looking at now. Instead, I scan the crowd for a ruddy, bald, familiar face. It looks like I might just be in the clear. I don't see Bruno anywhere.

"Two whiskeys. Make them doubles," Brooks says to the bartender, a blonde woman who's topless save for two sequined pasties. Jesus-and I thought the sweet butts at the Forty-Five Club were bold.

"Hey Brooks," Leo calls from down the bar, "Your drinks are on me. You worked wonders on my bike this week. Thing runs like I just bought it."

"Thanks, Leo," Brooks replies, settling onto a barstool, "just doing my job."

I laugh as Brooks lifts me onto his lap and wraps his arms around my waist. I'm the only other woman in here, save the dancers and the old ladies. And I'm starting to like the old lady side of the spectrum, if I'm being honest with myself. I get comfortable on Brooks' lap as our drinks appear before us. I can't resist gently grinding my ass against his groin, knowing how wild it will make him.

"You trying to cause trouble, Red?" Brooks asks, snatching up his whiskey glass.

"Absolutely," I return, clinking my glass against his. "Is it working?"

"You fucking bet it is," he grins, though he need hardly tell me. I can feel him growing hard against me with every passing second.

"You better make good on that before the night is through," I tell him, shooting back my fiery whiskey.

"I don't think I can wait another day," Brooks growls, slamming his glass down against the bar.

My stomach flips over as his green eyes fix on mine. He means it. No more frustrated desire, no more getting interrupted mid-hookup. I know he means it when he says he'll find a way to make it happen tonight. I can feel my body start to light up with anticipation at the very thought of finally having this man to myself for a night.

"How are you liking the Playpen, Keira?" Leo asks, sliding a second round of whiskeys down the bar.

"It's pretty fucking great," I grin back. "Quite the impressive clientele."

"Our girls draw a good crowd," Leo says, surveying the room over Kelly's head. Though he looks pleased with the goings-on around us, I only spot real desire in his eyes when they alight on his old lady. Now that's impressive.

"The new girl's doing pretty well," Declan observes from Leo's side. I follow his gaze to a petite, pixie-like woman dancing front and center. At first glance, her hair looks platinum blonde. But as I stare at her, I spot subtle streaks of lavender, too. She's probably about my height, give or take the three-inch golden stilettos she's rocking. She wears nothing but a matching golden thong and a tiny bikini top that barely covers her C-cups. Her features are delicate and girlish-distinctly youthful.

"Jesus," I breathe, "How old do you think she is?"

"I know, she looks really young," Leo says. "That's kind of her niche. But we make sure all our dancers are over eighteen, scouts honor."

"What's her name?" Kassie asks from Declan's lap.

"It's Belle," says a soft, awestruck voice from down the bar. "Belle Taylor."

We all turn to see Tyke gazing reverently at the newest Playpen girl. And while there may be plenty of lust in his eyes, there's something softer, too. His severe, serious features soften as he looks at her, and the slightest hint of a flush creeps up his neck. With his blonde hair and light complexion, there's no hiding that blush.

"Tyke," Leo howls, "Do you have a thing for her?"

"I...I don't..." Tyke mutters.

"You totally do!" Kelly squeals. "I knew you'd go for her!"

"That's who you want to set Tyke up with?" Kassie asks, staring at Belle as she wraps her shapely legs around the stripper pole.

"Why not?" Kelly shrugs. "Tyke needs someone to loosen him up. That's why I asked her to come say hi after her dance."

"You did what?!" Tyke hollers, eyes going wide.

The assembled Wraiths and Nine burst into laughter at their brother's distress. I've learned that of all the members, Tyke has the reputation for being the most buttoned up. As if on cue, the hard rock song blaring overhead reaches its climax. Belle is suspended upside down on her pole, legs splayed in the air. The crowd of men around her lose their shit, stomping and screaming and throwing money at her feet. She rights herself and smiles down at them, looking happily unsurprised by their affection.

"Brace yourself, Tyke," Declan winks, nodding for the rest of us to give him some space. We all get to our feet and scoot down the long bar, watching out of the corners of our eyes as Belle Taylor sidles up to the wide-eyed Tyke.

"Hey there," I hear her say above the raised voices and blaring music, "I'm Belle. Care to buy me a drink?"

"It would be an honor and a privilege," Tyke says solemnly, flagging down the bartender.

I'm glad that Tyke's found a match after all. Kelly had wanted to set him up with me when I first showed up, but I've only got eyes for one MC bad boy. And he happens to be running his hands over every part of me that he can reach right at this moment. Someone can't wait to get out of here and make good on his promise for tonight.

I lock eyes with Brooks as I finish my second drink. We've only known each other for a week, but it's already like we can speak without words, just by looking at each other. There's certainly no ambiguity in his gaze right now. Those green eyes say I want you, Red. And, feeling bolstered by his ardent want, I swing myself around on his lap, straddling him on the barstool. I see Kassie and Kelly trade an approving look from down the bar. As if I needed any more encouragement.

"Dance with me," I say to Brooks, as the pounding bass sets my hips to swaying.

"Gladly," he growls, tossing back the rest of his whiskey.

He picks me up like a new bride in his strong arms and carries me into the fray of the club. A dance floor is carved out between the raised, pole-bearing platforms. Dozens of couples grind to the sexy music throbbing all around us. The only difference between them and us is I'm not making Brooks pay for the privilege.

I press my back to his chest as he sets me on the ground, raising my hands above my head and moving against him. His hands course down my torso, grabbing onto my gyrating hips. He pulls me against him as we move together, the rise in his jeans growing with every passing beat. I spin around to face him, wrapping my arms around his neck. I can feel his cock pressed against me, just where I ache to feel it most. I've been yearning for him all week, and now that I have the go-ahead to do whatever I want, there's no way I'm not going to have him tonight. The very thought makes my sex throb with eager want.

Brooks runs his hands up along my back, working his fingers through my long red hair. I look at him in the wild, pulsing light, amazed that this person is here before me. I trail my fingers along his chest, tracing his scrawling tattoos. There are so many things I don't know about him, and even more things he doesn't know about me. But from the very first, I felt closer to him than...just about anyone. Ever. How can that be?

"You're incredible, Red," he grins, lowering his lips to my bare neck.

I close my eyes as his scruffy jaw glances against my skin. I love the feel of his roughness, his jagged edges. I want to memorize each and every one. How am I going to give this up after just another week? I force my eyes to take in the room around us, to commit this moment in time to memory forever. I catalogue every feeling, every sound, every face in the surging crowd-

And across the crowded room, I find two familiar, unfriendly eyes boring into me.

"Oh no..." I whisper, as I meet the graze of Jeff Bruno. My fellow agent is lurking at the end of the bar, not an arms length from where the Wraiths and Nine sit. He sneers at me over Brooks' shoulder, raising a very full glass of liquor to his puffy lips. A trucker hat obscures most of his face, but there's no denying that he's seen me here. On "his turf".

"What is it?" Brooks asks, looking down into my wide eyes.

"It's just...I'm..." I splutter, searching for a means of damage control. "I want to get out of here, Brooks. Right now."

"You don't have to ask me twice," he says, grabbing onto my hand. "Let's go, Red."

Brooks tows me across the dance floor toward the door. Unfortunately, that means we're edging closer and closer to the place where Bruno lies in wait. As Brooks and I reach the edge of the writhing crowd, I tuck behind his massive form, hoping to escape without Bruno calling me out on the spot. The senior agent's sneer has been replaced by a grimace of pure contempt as he surveys the room. And the purest, most potent part of that contempt is reserved for me.

"Come on," I urge Brooks, dashing ahead of him, "Hurry."

I race out of the club, gasping as we emerge into the warm, dark night. Brooks looks at me with concern, catching my face in his hands.

"What's wrong?" he asks. "You're pale as hell."

"Just...a little overwhelmed," I tell him, smiling stiffly. "I feel better now. Let's just get out of here, Brooks. You and me. That's all I've wanted this whole week."

"That makes two of us," he says, his worry ebbing away as desire floods in, "Fuck it. Let's go. They won't miss us."

"Just get me out of here, OK?" I ask, heading for his Harley.

"You got it," he tells me, "Hop on, Red."

We roar off into the night again, all alone at last. My heart pounds with fear and desire in equal measure. I'm terrified to have spotted Bruno at the Playpen, and utterly dreading my next meeting with him. But with every inch we put between us and the strip club, it gets harder to worry about my menacing coworker. How can I think of anything but that fact that Brooks and I are finally making a break for it? I tighten my arms around him and will the bike to carry us across the desert as fast as it can.

Together, we retrace our route. The landscape becomes more familiar again as we make our way out of the dangerous, shrouded mountains. I don't ask where we're going, because I don't have to. I trust Brooks implicitly. Not because of how long I've known him, but because I know that he's worthy of my trust. My faith.

Up ahead on our left, the Forty-Five Club rises up, dark and empty. The entire club is partying at the Devil's Playpen tonight, so the bar is closed up tight. To my surprise, we turn into the parking lot and skid to a stop before the clubhouse.

"Here?" I ask, ripping off my half-shell.

"Why not?" Brooks smiles devilishly.

"Well, it's locked, for one thing," I point out.

"Not for long," Brooks says, producing a thick ring of keys from within his cut.

"They gave you the keys to the bar?" I ask, amazed, "That seems awfully trusting of them. You only just got here."

"Gave isn't exactly the right word..." Brooks says, arching an eyebrow.

"You stole the keys to the Forty-Five Club?" I ask, laughing incredulously.

"I borrowed them!" Brooks replies, fitting a key into the padlock on the door. "Declan will never notice. And if he does, I think he'll forgive me. He'll understand the...dire nature of our situation."

A battalion of butterflies tears through my stomach. If Brooks knows there was another reason for my wanting to leave the club, besides my desperate want of him, he's not letting on. That's just fine with me. Right now, that's all I can think about, too.

"There," Brooks says, as the padlock pops open, "All ours."

He rips the length of chain from the handle and wrenches open the door. With the flick of a switch, a few dim lights glow to life, lending the bar an impossibly sexy feel. I take a step toward Brooks, sliding my hands along his cut arms. We stand in the open doorway, on the brink of getting what we've craved through so many sleepless nights.

"You're shaking, Red," Brooks whispers roughly, slipping his arms around my waist.

"Just excited," I smile. "And maybe a little nervous."

"Don't be," he growls, leading me across the threshold, "You may have never been with a real man before, but you're nothing if not a real woman. We were built for each other, babe."

He kicks the door closed with his steel-toed boot, shutting us inside the shadowy bar. My heart is thrashing against my ribs as Brooks presses me back against the heavy wooden door. His powerful hips pin me there as his hands roam the length of my body. I look up at him in the low light, marveling at the passion that sparks in those emerald eyes. Slowly, savoring every moment, I trail my fingertips over the hard panes of his chest, across each defined ab, following the lines of his muscular waist. Finally, my hands alight on the stiff, throbbing length between his legs.

"I can't believe I get to touch you like this," I breathe, feeling the sheer enormity of him through the well-worn denim.

"Believe it," he rasps, cupping my breasts through my thin cotton tee shirt. He rubs his thumbs across the hard peaks of my nipples as I slide my hands along the length of him. I can feel him growing harder by the second.

All at once, he drops his hands from my breasts, and I feel him parting my legs. He slides his hands between my thighs, and a deep, pulsing pressure builds in my core. I'm already wet for him as his hands rub against my slit. We stroke each other through our incidental clothing, each trying like hell to drive the other mad. And it works, too.

"That's it," Brooks growls, knocking my hands away, "I need you, Red. Now."

I gasp as he scoops me up off the floor, taking me in his arms. I wrap my legs around his tapered waist, groaning as his cock presses against my covered slit. Our mouths find each other at once as he carries me across the room in three long strides. His kiss is deep, searing. I shudder with delight as his tongue sweeps into my mouth. The taste of him dances across my tongue as I bury my fingers in his thick chestnut curls.

He slams me up against the bar, holding me there on the long wooden slab. I kiss along his strong, scruffy jaw, pressing my lips to the crook of his throat. My arms are wrapped around his strong, broad shoulders as he untangles my ankles behind his back. He lays his hands on my knees, pushing my legs open until they're splayed before him. A low moan escapes my lips as he cups my throbbing sex through my jeans.

"Stay," he commands. I obediently grab onto the edge of the bar to brace myself. With his gleaming eyes fixed on my flushed face, he pops open the button of my jeans, tugging the denim down my legs, over my ass. I kick my feet out of my skinny jeans and let them fall to the floor. Brooks runs his hands up my bare thighs, his breath coming hard and fast.

"Those for me?" he grins, nodding at my lacy red panties.

"Of course," I breathe, as he runs his fingers up toward my sex. "I've been dreaming about this, Brooks. Really-"

"Shhh..." he commands, pushing my thighs even further apart, "Trust me. This will be better than any dream you've ever had."

I suck in a huge breath as he lowers his mouth to that place between my legs. His green eyes flick upward to mine as he takes the edge of my panties in his strong teeth. He tears the flimsy garment away, ripping along the delicate seam. The scrap of red lace falls to the ground, and I'm totally bare. My blue eyes blaze as I stare at this incredible man, and I spread myself wide open before him.

"Jesus Red," Brooks breathes, taking me in, "Do you have any idea how sexy you are?"

Before I can answer, he brushes his full lips against the tender skin of my inner thigh, working his way up...and up. Every word I've ever known falls away as I feel his breath against my wet sex. My knees tremble uncontrollably as he lays two fingers against me, tracing all along my slit.

"I love that I do this to you," he groans, circling my swollen clit with his fingertips, "I'm going to make you come so hard, Red..."

"Oh my god," I moan, as he slides two strong fingers inside of me, stroking that aching spot with expert precision, "How do you know how to touch me like this?"

"I told you," he growls, "We were built for this."

My head falls back as Brooks lowers his lips to my slick sex. His firm lips close around my hard, aching clit as he thrusts his fingers deeper into me. I cry out as he flicks the tip of his tongue against that tender nub, sending shockwaves of bliss through my entire body. I'm barreling toward oblivion, unable to control myself. Brooks traces fast, hard circles around my clit as his strong fingers collide with that delicious spot inside of me.

"Come for me, Red," he urges.

And with that, I'm a fucking goner.

One last flick of his tongue, and I topple over the edge. I come hard, my back arching as I cling desperately to the edge of the bar. He holds me up as the waves of pleasure pass through me, ripping open the buckle of his belt with a flick of the wrist. I tug down his jeans and briefs, freeing his gorgeous member at last. I take his cock in my eager hands, blown away by its enormity. But this is no time to gape in admiration.

I draw his throbbing cock against me, holding the very tip of him against my wet slit. My body still pulses with the pleasure he sent rocking through me as we pause, suspended before unknowable ecstasy. We lock eyes, and I brace myself against the bar. With one last flash of that crooked smile, Brooks bucks his powerful hips, driving his thick cock inside of me at long last.

My mouth falls open as his mighty manhood fills me up, splits me open. I feel him at the very center of me, hard and throbbing. I throw my arms around his shoulders as he rears back and thrusts again, colliding with parts of me that have never been touched. He's twice as big as any man I've ever had, but I only want more. As much of him as I can possibly take. I arch into his every pass, meeting him stroke for stroke.

"Christ, you're so tight..." he groans, digging his fingers into my hips. "You've already got me at the edge, Red."

"Good," I breathe, grinning at him breathlessly, "I want to feel you come inside me, Brooks. I want you to fill me up."

He lets out a low, ragged moan. "I love how dirty you talk," he says, tangling his fingers in my long hair.

"Let me feel all of you," I beg, clutching his cut in my quaking hands, "Please, Brooks."

I feel my back hit the smooth wood of the bar as Brooks stretches me out along the cool surface. He swings himself up, lowering his gorgeous body onto mine. His staggering form envelops me as I feel his raging desire part my silky flesh once more. I grab onto his sculpted ass, pulling him in as deep as I can. He pins me to the bar with every thrust, holding himself up on inked, corded arms. I watch as his eyes close beneath furrowed brows. He's teetering on the edge now. Time to make him soar.

"Come," I whisper.

That one word is all it takes. With a fierce, guttural roar, Brooks loses it. I let my eyes flutter closed as I feel him erupt inside me. The thick surge of his desire gushes into me as he thrusts one last time. I savor the feeling of him, coating the very depths of me, leaving a piece of himself behind.

Brooks falls onto his forearms, suspended above me. Our chests rise and fall together, and for a moment we're beyond words. He brushes a stray lock of hair from my forehead as I trace the scar across his eyebrow. The rest of the world slowly comes back into focus as he presses his lips to mine. I catch his scruffy face in my hands, letting my tongue brush against his. I catch the lingering taste of myself on his lips, and my discovery makes me shudder delightedly.

I knew that giving myself to Brooks, having him for my own at last, would be amazing. But I had no way of imagining that it could be this good.

"You're amazing, Keira," Brooks tells me, his voice low and husky.

"You called me Keira," I say, taken aback, "What happened to Red?"

Brooks shrugs at my observation, smiling down at me in the darkness. But my own heart threatens to split in two. He has no idea that my real name isn't Keira, or Red, but Quinn. He doesn't know the first thing about me. And yet, for all that, I feel closer to him than any man I've ever met. How am I supposed to walk away from this, once the investigation is over? What choice do I have?

"What's the matter?" he asks, lowering himself back to the ground. He fetches my jeans and helps me into them as I shake my head in wonder.

"I, uh..." I stammer. "I didn't expect the night to go this way."

"But you're happy it did, aren't you?" he asks, helping me to stand. My knees are weak, my body throbs with sated contentment.

"Oh yeah," I grin, resting my hands on the front of his cut, "happy doesn't begin to cover it, Brooks."

"I don't know about you," he says, his hands finding the small of my back, "but I could use a smoke right about now."

"Bum me one?" I ask, lacing my fingers with his.

"Only because I like you," he winks, tugging me toward the exit.

We walk out of the Forty-Five Club hand in hand, slamming the front door behind us. I realize with a laugh that we've never held hands before this moment. It's strange how the smallest gestures can still feel so intimate.

I take a stumbling step as my thoughts catch up with me. I stare up at him in the moonlight, studying the outline of his profile as he looses a Marlboro and slips it between his lips. I can feel that pulsing pressure in my core once again, only this time I realize that it's more than lust building inside me.

I'm seriously falling for Caleb Brooks.

"For you," Brooks smiles, handing me a cigarette of my own.

"Thank Christ," I mutter, inhaling deeply as Brooks sparks the lighter to life. "I need this right about now."

"I know what you mean," he laughs, leaning against the brick wall of the bar.

Could he really know what I mean, I wonder? I study him in the darkness, cataloguing every part of his perfect self. Is it possible that someone like Brooks could come to love me? The real me? It doesn't do me any good if he only falls for Keira, after all. But I'm starting to realize that my alias and I aren't too different. Except for, you know, the whole FBI thing.

"I'm glad you wanted to get out of the Playpen so badly," Brooks says, pulling me toward him. He slings an arm over my shoulders, dragging on his cigarette as he stares up at the starry night sky.

"Guess I'm still getting used to this world," I say softly, watching the smoke catch on the light wind.

"Is that something you'd want?" Brooks asks gruffly, glancing at me. "To, uh, get used to this life?"

"You asking me to stick around, Brooks?" I smile, my pulse quickening.

"I am. Yeah," he says, his voice as soft as I've ever heard it. "I like having you around, Red. And look-it turns out you're a decent lay too."

"You asshole," I laugh, elbowing him in the ribs. I'm grateful for him lightening the mood, I have to admit.

"You love it," he says, taking a long drag.

And he's right. I do love it.

Chapter Thirteen

Now that we've finally had each other, Brooks and let our insatiability rule us. The next few days pass in a whirl of sexual frenzy. We only had to spend a week wanting each other. Technically. But now that I know what it's like to be with Brooks, I realize that I've been waiting my whole life for someone to make me feel this way. With him, I feel sexy. Wanted. But it's not just that. I'm as hungry to give him pleasure as he is to give it. For the first time, I've found someone who takes the "partner" part of sexual partner seriously.

And it's incredible.

We fall into each other's arms every chance that we get. At the penthouse, at the Forty-Five Club, under the stars off some deserted dirt road. Beds, couches, spread-out blankets-we settle for any surface that will accommodate us. Only one place has remained off limits so far: my FBI-issued apartment. I even brave the Devil's Playpen a couple more times, Bruno be damned. But I don't catch sight of him again.

It's been radio silence from Bruno since our run in the other night. I've checked in with Mitchell over the phone, but haven't been expected at the field office. Not until today, that is-the Tuesday after that fateful Friday night. I try not to think about my viciously territorial fellow agent as I spend the weekend memorizing Brooks' body. For the most part, it's easy to do. But as I drift to sleep each night, the angry gaze of Jeff Bruno swims up in my mind's eye.

I can't imagine why, but I have the feeling that there's much to fear from this person. And it's not my mind or my heart telling me not to trust him, it's my gut. And my gut is never wrong.

On the morning I'm due at the field office once again, I wake up in Brooks' penthouse bedroom. We've made no effort to hide our affair from Kassie and Kelly, nor any of the others. There would be no reason to. Outlaws are far less touchy about sexual promiscuity, it turns out. And thank god-I'm already hiding enough, posing as Keira Campbell. I don't think I could stand to hide my feelings for Brooks, too.

I steal a glance at my man's sleeping face. His hard, sculpted features are softened by slumber and stillness. Gently, so as not to wake him, I brush my fingers against his sharp jaw, his perfectly full lips, the scar bisecting his brow. I have yet to tell Brooks just how hard I've fallen for him. How could I? For all I know, I could be ripped out of this entire life in less than a week. No use letting him get any more attached than he has to.

Slipping out from under his thickly muscled arm, I throw on yesterday's clothes and steal out into the day. I ease the penthouse door shut behind me and summon the elevator to the top floor. Just as the car arrives, the door marked "A" swings open, and Kassie steps out into the hallway. She's dressed in stylish gym clothes, her long blonde hair drawn into a high ponytail and she looks pleasantly surprised as she spots me in the hallway.

"Fancy meeting you here," she chuckles, giving me a hug.

I wrap my arms around her, grateful for the comforting touch. "Just heading back to my place for a shower," I fib.

"At this point, you should probably just move in here," she says, as we step into the elevator, "You've slept here almost every night this weekend. I take it things are going well with the newest of the Nine?"

"Very well," I allow, leaning back against the elevator wall.

"You don't seem entirely thrilled about that," Kassie observes, raising a perfectly shaped eyebrow. "Is everything alright between you and Brooks?"

"Everything is amazing with him," I sigh. "I just...my history is a little...complicated."

"I know how that goes," she says, a swell of sadness darkening her eyes. "If it makes you feel any better, we're all a little bit fucked up around here. Brooks included."

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"You'll have to ask him that question," she replies. "I don't want to get in the middle of you two. But there's more to him than you might expect."

"No...I could have guessed that," I say. "Maybe that's why we understand each other."

"If you ever want to talk to someone," Kassie says, brushing my shoulder, "you know that I'm here, right?"

"I do," I smile sadly. I wish I could be as good a friend to her as she's trying to be to me. "Thanks, Kassie."

"Don't mention it," she says, as we step into the lobby, "That's what friends are for."

Kassie heads off to the gym as I slide into my Mustang, which I've finally started driving around between here and the clubhouse. To my delight, my ride has impressed some of the MC brothers, even if it is technically a "cage", as they would say.

My mind wheels wildly as I start the car and take off toward the field office. What could Kassie know about Brooks that I don't? What secrets darken his past and present? I certainly don't hold it against him, his not telling me. Our relationship resides strictly in the present, after all. Still, I can't help but be curious.

"All in time, if ever," I mutter to myself, guiding my Mustang through the Las Vegas streets. I set the thought aside and wrangle my focus back to the task at hand-figuring out how to make things right with Bruno for the duration of this case. Something tells me that my fellow agent is not going to make that easy for me.

Chapter Fourteen

I pause outside the conference room door, steeling myself against Bruno's inevitable wrath. It's time to face the music, at last. I can hear Mitchell and Bruno speaking in hushed, excited voices behind the door. Taking a deep breath, I turn the handle and step into the room to join them.

"Hey, Collins," Mitchell says merrily, "Good to have you here in the flesh again."

"Thanks Mitchell," I reply, my eyes fixed on the back of Bruno's head. He's turned away from me, surveying the wall of intelligence. He doesn't turn to welcome me, but he doesn't jump down my throat, either. I haven't mentioned to Mitchell yet that I've swung by the Devil's Playpen. But has Bruno said anything about our encounter there?

"Anything to report from the front lines?" Mitchell asks, sitting on the edge of the conference table. "How's your lover boy doing?"

"Everything's pretty much the same," I say carefully. "Nothing new to report."

"So it goes," Mitchell shrugs, turning back to the arrayed information. He says nothing about my stepping on Bruno's toes at the Playpen. Surely that means Bruno's kept the incident to himself. Of course, I would rather Mitchell not know about my transgression, but I'd imagine that Bruno would want to rat me out as soon as possible. What the hell gives?

"If you don't have any new intel at the moment, you should feel free to work from home," Mitchell says over his shoulder. "I take your word that nothing's turned up in the CrowdedNest data, but there's no harm in going over it again. Things may be heating up on Bruno's side of the case, so I'd like to concentrate on that as much as possible. Sorry to say, but we may have sent you on a wild goose chase with the old ladies."

"Well, maybe I can help out with the other areas of the investigation," I venture.

"That won't be necessary," Bruno says, addressing me at last. He turns to look at me, his face eerily composed. "I'd prefer to work my angle alone, Collins."

"I see..." I say slowly, trying to get a read on his mood. The fury I saw in him that night at the Devil's Playpen is nowhere to be seen now. Maybe he didn't actually recognize me that night, after all?

"You really should get back to work sifting through the CrowdedNest intel," Bruno goes on, crossing the room to me. Though his body looks relaxed, his calm demeanor intimidates me all the same. It's too controlled, and far too uncharacteristic, to be sincere. "I'd rather use the office to work alone."

"I'm sure Agent Collins won't mind leaving us to it," Mitchell says amiably, "Will you, Collins?"

"Not at all, if you're sure you don't need me here," I say, taken aback.

"We've got it under control," Bruno smiles, "In fact, we may be able to send you back to San Bernardino even sooner than we anticipated."

I cock an eyebrow at the bullish man. Whatever lead he's turned up at the Playpen must be pretty solid if he's this comfortable calling the shots all of a sudden. Has he found something serious on the guys? Panic begins to build in my core at the thought of what he might have on the Wraiths. Unaccountably, I find myself wishing that he'd come up empty in his investigation.

"Whatever you guys think is best," I say slowly.

"Thanks for understanding, Collins," Mitchell says, "Hang tight and wait to hear from us about what we need from you going forward. Your involvement with Operation Inferno may be coming to an end, but I hope you don't feel that your time has been wasted."

I stare at Mitchell. Is he really just going to let me go?

"Not at all," I reply, turning to go, "just keep me posted as things develop."

"Let me walk you out," Bruno says, following me out the door. His cheerful tone is entirely off-putting. I don't feel good about this turn of events. Not a bit.

But still, I let him accompany me. As we move through the bustling office, he lays a meaty hand between my shoulder blades. I shudder at the sudden contact, but Bruno doesn't flinch. Instead, I feel his fingers creep up the back of my neck, his grip tightening just enough to be disconcerting. My stomach tightens with every step we take. Something is very off, here. But how to find out what without catching hell for showing up at the Devil's Playpen?

We step into the elevator together, and ride to the ground floor in utter silence. I breathe a sigh of relief as Bruno removes his hand from my back. But my dread is redoubled as we head out into the parking lot together. Away from the prying eyes of our coworkers, I watch as Bruno's face transforms entirely. His features crumple into a mask of rage and contempt, and his thick fingers close around my upper arm like a vice.

"Get your hands off me, Bruno," I spit, as he drags me across the lot. The hard sun beats down on us as he pulls us into the space between two parked trucks. We're totally shrouded, hidden from the rest of the world.

"Gladly," he snarls, slamming me up against the side of an armored truck. My head slams into the unforgiving surface, and bright sunbursts of pain light up my vision.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing, Bruno?" I hiss, shoving at his burly chest, "I get it. You're pissed that I showed up on your turf. That doesn't give you the right to manhandle me, you prick."

"You're right," he sneers, planting his hands against the truck on either side of my body, "If I had my druthers, I'd be beating you to a bloody pulp instead. But you know how it is at the Bureau. Too much red tape when it comes to assaulting a fellow agent."

"Are you out of your mind?" I breathe, staring up at him incredulously, "You just threatened me-"

"No," he cuts me off, jamming a finger into my chest, "This is a threat: Stay the hell away from my investigation, or I'll fucking kill you."

"Excuse me...?" I say, my voice low and ragged.

"You heard me, you prissy little bitch," Bruno spits. "I saw you at the Playpen, hanging all over your pet monster. I've been working on this case for months. I'm this close to taking these assholes down for good. And you're off playing house with a fucking criminal. You could derail everything. I'm giving you fair warning to step the fuck off. Go home, fiddle around on your computer, and report back that you have nothing more to contribute to this case. Pack up your things, kiss your grimy boyfriend goodbye, and go back to California."

"But I'm not through with my part of the case," I tell him, "And once I tell Mitchell about this, he'll-"

"You won't breathe a word of this to Mitchell," Bruno growls, catching my throat in his hand. I gasp for air as he tightens his fingers around my windpipe. His breath is stale, his red face maniacal and swollen. "Make no mistake, little girl. I will snap your goddamn neck if you fuck this up for me. In fact, it would be a pleasure. Don't. Push. Me."

He shoves me roughly away, and I scramble to put distance between us. "Or what?" I sputter, clutching my throat. "Don't push you or what?"

"Knowing that I'll hunt you down and kill you isn't enough?" he laughs cruelly. "Fine. You don't say a word about this to anyone, or I make sure that your man and all his friends get shipped off to prison. I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to pay off a few thugs on the inside...I could have them kill off every single member of Dante's Nine and the Devil's Wraiths the second they set foot behind bars. I have friends in very low places, Collins."

"What the hell do you expect me to do with this, Bruno?" I breathe, staring at the maniac before me.

"Run, girlie," he barks. "Run fast. Run far. Or you're through."

He turns on his heel and marches away from me, whistling a happy tune as he disappears back into the FBI field office. I stare after Bruno, my chest heaving. My entire world has been knocked off kilter, every organizing point demolished by this act of violence.

On shaky legs, I make my way back to my beloved Mustang. I slip into the driver's seat and burst into baffled, furious tears. I feel more helpless than I have since the day Brandon was killed, and just as confused. Good and bad, wrong and right, law and outlaw...no single binary makes sense anymore. I have no idea where I stand.

The only thing I know is that I need to get to a safe place. I need to protect myself, figure out my next move. With barely contained panic coursing through me, I head back to my barren apartment. Or rather, my foxhole.

Chapter Fifteen

Hey Red. Heading to the 45 club. Need a lift?

I stare at the text from Brooks, my knees pulled into my chest. I've been sitting on my borrowed bed, all alone in the drab FBI apartment, for hours. Every cell in my body is crying to spring into action, but I'm paralyzed with indecision. This morning's events have left me totally at a loss.

At the FBI Academy in Quantico, I was trained to defend myself against those who would do me harm. But I never expected the threat of harm to come from another federal agent. I joined the FBI because, in my mind, the feds were the good guys. Fighting the righteous fight out on the streets to protect people like my little brother. But after everything I've seen this week, and Bruno's behavior today, I'm starting to see things in a whole new light.

Never before has the idea of going rouge occurred to me, during this operation. I've been assuming, this whole time, that I would put in an effort, dig up some intelligence on Kassie and Kelly, and head back to San Bernardino. I'm supposed to do my job and keep my mouth shut...but for what? For the sake of an organization that harbors lunatics like Bruno in its ranks?

I shudder, despite the warm night air wafting in through my cracked window. Bruno's furious face looms before me each and every time I close my eyes. His attack this afternoon was unlike anything I've ever experienced. And I just don't know what to do in the wake of it.

Bruno has been at the FBI far longer than I have. If I reported his actions to Mitchell, we'd just be playing a game of he-said, she-said. And everyone knows how those games tend to turn out. Bruno would say I was lying, I'd probably be let go from the case. There'd be no one working on Operation Inferno who knew the extent of his mania. The Devil's Wraiths and Dante's Nine would be at the mercy of an agent who's clearly gone off the deep end. And I just can't let that happen.

I don't know if Bruno's cracked under the pressure of Mitchell's deadline, succumbed to insanity after seeing something on the job, or simply gone off his rocker. But I do know that I'm the only one standing between him and the MC's who have come to be my friends. If Bruno goes after them, finds a way to take them down, no court in the country is going to question his evidence. He's too smart-or maybe too ruthless-not to cover his tracks.

Gritting my teeth, I pick up my cell and shoot a text to Brooks:

Need a night off, I think. Under the weather.

What I really need is a night to come up with a plan, but god knows a little white lie won't amount to much between us. There's no way I'm going to figure out what to do without a little guidance, and there's only one person in the world who can give me the advice I need right now. With a deep breath, I punch in a familiar number and wait as the phone rings.

"Well, you made it a week without my help," grumbles a surly voice on the other end of the line. "Honestly, I didn't think you'd last more than six hours."

"Hello to you too, Jones," I smile, relieved to hear my mentor's voice-no matter how grumpy it is.

"How are you holding up over there?" he asks, "Blow your cover yet?"

"Not yet," I say wryly, "but I've still got a few days before the operation is called off."

"I'm just fucking with you," Chuck goes on. I hear him crack a beer over the line, and go to fetch one from the fridge myself. It's almost like having a drink with an old friend, I guess.

"Jones," I go on, knocking off the bottle cap on the edge of the counter, "I'm in need of some advice."

"I figured as much," he says. "What's going on?"

"Well," I begin, unsure of how much I should reveal to him, "Let's just say that my investigation hasn't exactly gone...quite as planned."

"When do they ever?" he replies.

"Right," I say, taking a swig of beer, "but things have really veered off course over here. I've come across something...pretty alarming. But it's not really something I've been given the go-ahead to pursue. You follow?"

"Sure," Chuck says, "things get tricky in the real world, huh? You're not used to investigating people, just data."

"Data's a lot easier to understand," I sigh.

"No shit," Chuck laughs, "But that's what makes this job fun. Listen, Collins. When you've got a lead, you hunt that sucker down. Worse case scenario, it dries up. Best case, you've figured something out that no one else would have been able to. It's your job to chase down the truth, Quinn. No matter where it takes you. Trust your gut, and don't be afraid to step out of line."

"Trust my gut," I repeat, swallowing hard. "Got it."

"Is everything OK, Collins?" Chuck asks, concern tingeing his gruff voice. "You sound a little distressed."

"That's one word for it," I laugh. "Another might be 'terrified'."

"Do you need backup?" he goes on. "Should I tell Mitchell-?"

"No," I cut him off sharply, "no. You're right. I need to sniff this out myself first. I'll be OK, Chuck. I promise."

"All right," he says, "I'll leave it to you. But you'll call me if things get out of hand?"

"Of course," I tell him. It's another white lie-things have already gotten out of hand. "I've got to get back to it, Jones. Thanks for the pep talk."

"Don't you ever accuse me of being peppy," he snaps, "but good luck all the same, Collins. You've got this."

My mentor hangs up, and I'm on my own again. Only now, I know what I have to do. Something's going on with Jeff Bruno, something beyond what the FBI knows about. And I'm the only one who has any idea. Though I've been told that my part in Operation Inferno is all but over, it looks like my real investigation has just begun.

Only this time, the target is Bruno himself.

"I know it's crazy," I say to The Mayor, who's hopped on the bed wearing a skeptical scowl, "but I'll never forgive myself if I don't try and figure out the truth."

The old gray cat pads across the covers toward me, and actually curls up in my lap. I scratch his tattered ears, amazed by his display of affection. The Mayor's being cuddly, Bruno's lost it, I'm falling in love with a MC bad boy. The whole damn world's gone nuts.

My phone chirps on the bedspread. Two texts await my appraisal. The first, from Milo, I ignore without opening. That's become my go-to tactic with any communication from him. But the second is a response from Brooks:

I bet I can make you feel better

My stomach flutters as I imagine Brooks kicking down the front door of this dingy apartment and having his way with me. I glance around the unimpressive space that the FBI has granted me. No one from my MC life knows where this place is. It's my safe house. But considering Bruno's actions today, it's not feeling too safe anymore. What if that maniac shows up here to make sure I keep my mouth shut about his assault...for good?

I bite my lip, staring down at Brooks' text. He's as new to the MC world as I am. An outsider and a loner, just like me. It's why we understand each other. What if...I let him in on what was going on with me? Really let him in? I could use some backup on this new leg of my investigation, especially since I have no idea who I can actually trust in the Bureau. Whether I go through with telling him the truth or not, I don't want to be alone tonight.

I'd like that.

I send off my short reply, and follow it up with my address. My heart is racing as I shoo The Mayor off my lap and plant my feet on the ground. I pace the tiny living room, nervously sipping my beer, until a response appears on my phone.

Be right there.

Sparks of anticipation sizzle along my nerves. He's coming here. Brooks is coming to my secret apartment, the single point of access to my real life. And I realize, as I straighten up my few belongings, that I want him to see this place. I want him to know the truth about me. What's the point of keeping this secret from the one person who really understands me? It's a risk, letting him in on the truth. But it's a far bigger risk to keep him in the dark. If I'm honest with him, we have a chance at getting through this together. If I continue to lie, we'll never make it.

"Holy shit. This is really happening," I mutter, running my hands through my hair.

I'm going rogue. Little Quinn Collins is turning into a loose cannon. I grin, exhilarated by this turn of events. For too long, I've let life do with me what it will. Now, I'm finally snatching back the reins. And whatever happens, this sense of freedom-of purpose-is worth it. Even if Brooks is too angry about my deception to stay in my life, even if I never find anything on Bruno, even if I get seriously hurt in my quest for truth...this is still the right course.

And it feels damn good.

I slip out of my grubby pajama bottoms and lift my cotton tee over my head. Brooks is coming over here to make me feel better, and I want to be ready for him. I pull on a sexy barely-there black thong, a micro denim mini-skirt, and a tight black tank top that leaves plenty of my midriff exposed. My red hair falls across my shoulders and back, fanning out against my freckled skin. I smile to myself, remembering how fond Brooks has become of those very freckles.

Suited up to be stripped down, I snag two more beers from the fridge and settle onto the couch. But the second that my butt hits the sofa, my ears prick up at the low roar of an approaching motorcycle engine. My heart is in my throat as a flash of headlights sweeps across my front window. The sound of the engine peaks and cuts off, and I can't help but race to the door. Tamping down my elated smile, I pull the door open and peer out into the night.

Brooks stands in my doorway, helmet tucked beneath his arm. He looks windblown and flushed, as excited as I am about this little rendezvous. His fist is raised to knock on the door, but he lets it drop as he catches sight of me. I feel his eyes rake down the length of my body, dwelling on every dip and curve.

"If this is what you look like when you're under the weather," he grins, "I think we should take sick days more often."

"I certainly wouldn't say no to more house calls from you," I reply, stepping aside to let him in.

Brooks runs a hand down my bare arm as he strides across the threshold and into my tiny apartment. He looks around the unadorned space as I shut the door tightly behind me, peering out the front window to make sure we're not being watched. This is insane, I know. Inviting the target of the FBI's investigation back to my safe house for a booty call. But after today, I don't know if I give a damn about the FBI's rules. I'm after the truth, here, not the story that's convenient for the Bureau. Bruno may very well be orchestrating some nasty shit-why not recruit a new partner who's well acquainted with playing dirty?

"It's very, uh..." Brooks says, eyeing my threadbare couch.

"Spartan?" I offer, holding out a beer to him.

"Sure," he laughs, snatching up the bottle.

An inquisitive meow rings out through the apartment as The Mayor pokes his head around the corner of the kitchen. His big eyes swing back and forth between Brooks and I. I swear to god, I think that cat is judging my life choices as he pads back into this shadows.

"You...have a cat," Brooks observes.

"No crazy cat lady jokes," I warn.

"I just would've pegged you for a dog person," Brooks shrugs. He takes a step toward me, looking me up and down. "This place is not exactly what I expected. But I guess I should be used to surprises from you by now. Right, Red?"

"I'm afraid I'm only getting started with the surprises," I whisper, laying my hands on the front of his cut.

"Hey," he says, lifting my chin with his index finger, "I don't want you thinking you have to keep things from me. I've got plenty of skeletons buried deep in my closet, too. I don't do games, remember?"

"I remember," I breathe, leaning into his powerful body, "I don't want to play games either, Brooks. But I'm not used to being honest with the guys I like."

"So you do like me, huh, Red?" he grins, running his hands through my hair.

"You know I do," I smile back, wrapping my arms around his hard torso, "And that's why I want to be honest with you. Totally honest."

"Well. If I may be totally honest," he growls, taking a swig of his beer and setting it down, "I can't focus on being totally honest when you're dressed to kill like that, Red. You look fucking incredible."

"Oh, this?" I laugh, glancing down at my outfit, "I take it you like what you see?"

"I love what I see," he says, letting his hands slide down over my ass. My pulse quickens at that word: love. But something far more primal than love is overriding my inner romantic. I set down my own beer and press my body to Brooks'.

"I'm so glad you're here," I breathe, closing my eyes as his hands wander all over my body. Each inch of skin his touches lights up with sensation. "I need you, Brooks."

"I know," he growls, spinning my body around in his arms. He pulls me tightly against him, my back to his muscular chest. "I can feel you needing me from miles away, babe. I can feel it-'cause I need you, too."

"Brooks...wait," I manage to say, as he takes my breasts in his hands, "I just have to tell you one thing, before-"

"Can't it wait, Red?" he rasps, groaning with appreciation as he realizes I'm not wearing bra. His fingers pinch at my erect nipples, setting my head spinning.

"It's just...I may be in trouble," I gasp, letting my head fall back against his shoulder, "It may not be entirely safe to-"

"What are you talking about?" he says, lowering his lips to my throat.

"I've pissed someone off pretty badly," I go on, my breath coming hard and fast as Brooks kisses along my neck, "he may being trying to hurt me."

"Listen to me," Brooks says, turning my face to his, "No one is going to hurt you, Keira. Not while I'm here. You're safe with me."

"I know," I whisper.

"You can tell me all about what's going on," he says, sliding his hands down between my thighs, "just as soon as I've had you again. I can't wait any longer."

I lift my quivering arms, clasping my fingers behind Brook's neck. My body stretches out against his, exposed and eager. He tugs my tiny denim skirt down over my hips, and I kick the flimsy garment away. My sex is wet and aching already, begging for his touch. Wrapping one strong arm around my waist, Brooks slips his spare hand between my legs from behind.

I close my eyes as I feel his fingers brush against my sex. He brings his hand to the small of my back, sliding it beneath my minuscule thong. I gasp as I feel his fingers against my ass-brushing past that tight, muscular circle that no man has ever come near.

"Ever felt anyone here, Red?" he growls, tracing slow circles around the rim of my ass.

"No. Never," I breathe, amazed at how good it feels.

"Do you want to?" he asks, his voice rasping.

"I want to feel you," I tell him. I bend at the waist, propping myself up on the arm of the couch. "I want to feel you everywhere, babe."

"Then you will," he says, applying just a bit more pressure. The very tip of his finger enters me, so slowly. A low, guttural groan escapes my throat as I imagine taking the full enormity of him there. "But not tonight."

"Oh my god," I moan, as his fingers find their way to my slick slit. "You're gonna be the death of me, Brooks."

"There are worse ways to go, right?" he says, sliding two thick fingers inside me from behind. I whimper at the illicit sensation, arch my back as his fingertips glance against my clit.

"Take me, Brooks," I plead, looking up at his blazing green eyes.

"Oh, I plan to," he says, his voice husky with lust.

I cry out in surprise as I feel my feet lift off the ground. The ceiling swims up to meet me as Brooks hoists me over his shoulder once more, and carries me across the room to my little bed. I should be used to this by now, getting thrown around in the best of ways. But it just never gets old. He lets me roll onto my narrow bed. I sprawl out on my back, slipping out of my thong as Brooks tears off his cut and tee shirt. His ink stands out in sharp relief, scrawling across his every cut muscle. He tugs down his jeans, unleashing his throbbing member. My eyes land on that pulsating length. I'm mesmerized by it as I lift my tank top over my head and let my legs fall wide open.

"God, I love how you spread yourself for me..." Brooks growls, stepping out of his jeans. His cock stands straight out toward me, hard and thick.

"What can I say," I smile, as he sinks to his knees, towering above me, "You make me crazy. You make me want to do everything...anything."

I wrap my fingers around his cock, working up and down the length of him. He groans as I tighten my grip, struggling to take all of him in my slender hands. I scramble onto my knees, looking up at him with a wicked grin. A sudden hunger overtakes me, and I know only one thing with satisfy it. I lower my lips to the tip of Brooks' pulsing dick, and let my tongue flick against the round, smooth bulb of its head.

"Christ, Red," he moans, arching his back, "you know just how to work me."

"Do I?" I breathe, rubbing along his shaft. "I love that. I love making you feel good."

I let the tip of my tongue glance against the very base of his cock, licking all the way up to the tip. I part my lips, taking his swollen head into my mouth. My tongue dances against him as my fingers pump along his length. I can feel him growing harder in my mouth, and I ease him into me bit by bit. I can feel him at the back of my throat, and I only want more. He bucks his hips as I suck him, filling my mouth with the taste of him. I let my fingertips brush against his balls, and hear him suck in a huge breath above me.

I've got him right at the edge, I know it. Just as I'm about to finish him off, he pulls away. I open my mouth to beg for another taste, but cry out instead as Brooks grabs me by the hips and flips me onto my stomach. I look over my shoulder as him as he runs his hands over the swell of my ass. Lifting myself onto my hands and knees, I moan as I feel his cock poised against my wet, eager sex.

"Holy shit," I cry, as Brooks pushes his cock deep inside of me, "I can feel every inch of you, Brooks..."

He rears back and thrusts again, his thick length slicing me in two. I swear, it feels like he's about to burst right through me. I press back into him at every pass, driving him further and further into my body. I want to take as much of him as I can, feel him at my very core. He goes so deep when he fucks me from behind. It's almost too much for me to handle. But just as I feel myself coming up against my edge, pleasure overtakes him instead. I'm screaming out as he fucks me, unable to contain myself. His grip tightens on my rocking hips, and I know he's about to lose it for good.

"I'm there," he growls.

"Go on," I gasp, "I want you to-"

But my words elide into a wild moan as he reaches a hand between my legs. I feel his expert fingers fall firmly against my aching clit, circling it as his member pounds into me. Almost at once, I come under his touch. The blissful tremor that runs through my body sets him off, too. A chain reaction of ecstasy. He gushes into me, filling me up as our moans of pleasure echo off the walls of my apartment. We fall forward onto the bed together, panting and spent. He pulls me against him on the narrow bed, and I curl into his muscular body. After a time, our breath begins to even out, and exhaustion creeps over my tingling form.

"So," he says, his voice low and deep, "what is it you wanted to talk about?"

"You know what?" I sigh, laying my cheek against his chest, "you're right. It can wait until morning."

Chapter Sixteen

My eyes snap open in the pitch darkness, darting around the black abyss. I'm wide-awake at once as my pulse skyrockets. Goosebumps spring up all across my body, and my every sense sharpens to a fine point.

There's somebody outside. Lurking just beyond the walls of the apartment.

I listen to the slow, scraping footsteps that drag past the flimsy front door. There's no mistaking that sound. I'm out of bed like a shot, throwing on Brooks' tee shirt and a pair of shorts as I pad across the room. My brief burst of terror gives way to purposeful action. I've been trained to handle these situations, after all. I locate my purse in the darkness, extracting my gun without making a sound. As soon as that cold steel is in my hand, I feel ready for anything.

"Keira?" I hear Brooks mumble from bed. I whip my head toward the sound, wishing I hadn't woken him.

"Everything's fine, I'm just not that tired," I whisper, "Go back to sleep."

"Like hell," he says, sitting up in bed, "why are you whispering? What's-?"

A shuffling sound outside answers for me. In the shadows, I watch Brooks' features harden into stone. He's beside me in a heartbeat, placing himself between me and the front door. Of course, I realize, he served in the Navy. He's been trained for this too. I switch off the safety on my handgun, and a sharp click rings out through the room. Brooks looks around sharply, his eyes widening in the darkness as he sees the weapon in my hands.

"What the hell, Red?" he hisses. "Since when do you pack heat?"

"I'll explain later," I reply, "just as soon as we take care of whoever's out there."

"Before, you said someone might be after you, trying to hurt you," Brooks whispers, laying his hands on my shoulders, "Do you think-?"

"I do think," I say. "He knows where I live."

With a low, primal growl, Brooks darts across the room and pulls on his jeans. A sudden glint catches my eye as he produces a menacing switchblade from his pocket. He nods at the door, telling me without words that he's going to grab whoever's outside. I nod back, training my gun at the doorway. Across the room, Brooks' every muscle tenses, his body readying itself for combat. A ripple of desire runs through me at the sight, and I have to will myself to refocus.

"Three," I whisper, my finger caressing the trigger, "Two...One."

In one swift motion, Brooks springs at the front door, ripping it open and reaching through. A terrified cry sounds out as my man wrestles someone through the doorway. But the screaming voice doesn't belong to Bruno, as I expected it to. And the form squirming in Brooks' arms is far too scrawny to belong to my federal nemesis. Keeping my gun trained on the intruder, I slam the front door and switch on the overhead light.

"Sonofabitch," I spit, lowering my weapon at once.

Milo Beckett stares wildly around, pinned in place by Brooks' mighty arms. The switchblade is pressed against my crazy ex's throat, which could really use a shave, actually. Milo looks like a total wreck-somehow even thinner and scrappier than when last I saw him. But any concern I might be feeling for his wellbeing is dwarfed by my outrage at his presence in my apartment.

"What. The fuck. Are you doing here?" I hiss.

"Don't hurt me," Milo whimpers, glancing up at Brooks in terror. "Please. I just needed to see you."

"This is the creep that's after you?" Brooks growls, keeping his blade trained against Milo's skinny neck.

"No," I say, exasperated. "This...is my ex. My crazy ex, it would seem."

"Him?" Brooks asks, shoving Milo roughly away, "Christ, Red. What were you doing with this scrawny piece of shit?"

"Excuse me," Milo says, pulling himself together as best he can, "you have no right to talk about me like that."

"And you have no right to be stalking me," I spit. "You realize it's illegal, right? Showing up at someone's house in the middle of the-"

"You wouldn't answer my texts. My calls," Milo babbles, looking for all the world like a particularly awkward puppy who's been kicked too many times. "I couldn't get in touch with you, but I had to say-"

"There's nothing to say, Milo," I groan. "You were a shitty boyfriend. I'm not attracted to you. At all. It's over."

"Apparently you've had no trouble moving on," Milo says sullenly, looking Brooks' fine form up and down.

"Don't you worry, little man," Brooks says, crossing his thick arms, "she's in good hands now."

"You seriously want to be with some macho bad boy instead of me?" Milo asks.

"Obviously," I reply, rolling my eyes.

"But I love you," Milo pleads, taking a step toward me. In an instant, Brooks has stepped in his path, blocking me.

"That's enough of that," Brooks growls, snatching Milo by the front of his flannel shirt. "Time for you to go."

"I bet he doesn't even care about you," Milo insists, struggling against Brooks' grip, "there's no way he loves you."

"Yes, I do," Brooks snaps back. "More than you'd ever know."

My heart skips a beat, or three, as Brooks' words sink in. "You...love me?" I breathe.

"Of course I do," Brooks says, towing Milo toward the door. "You're my girl, Red."

"I love you too," I whisper, grinning like an idiot.

"I know," Brooks smiles. "But let's take care of this asshole before we-"

"He's a thug! You hate thugs!" Milo pleads, his eyes wild. "He doesn't know you like I do! Quinn, please-"

Brooks stops in his tracks, examining the squirming bug in his hand. "Quinn?" he asks me. "Why did he call you Quinn?"

Shit.

"Because that's her name, dumb ass," Milo sniffs. "Quinn Collins. Don't you even know her name, or...Oh my god."

"Milo, shut up," I warn.

"You don't know!" Milo hoots, wiggling free from Brooks' grasp.

"What don't I know?" Brooks asks me, raising an eyebrow. "Keira, what-?"

"Keira? Is that her alias? She's an undercover agent," Milo says gleefully. "You seriously had no idea?"

"Get out of here," I say to Milo, my voice low and deadly. "Get out of here before I put a bullet through your balls and say it was self defense."

"You would never," Milo says.

"Wanna bet?" I reply, pointing my gun at his crotch. "I'd be doing the human race a favor." The color drains from my despicable ex's face, and he eases himself toward the door.

"If you won't have me," Milo whines, "I'm glad he won't want you now, either. You deserve to be alone, you heartless bitch."

"That's it," Brooks snaps. Milo yelps as my biker boy grabs him by the scruff of the neck and drop kicks him out the front door. Milo beats a quick retreat as Brooks slams the door behind him, his hands balled into furious fists. We listen in silence as Milo's car peels away into the night. But even though he's gone, the harm he's done remains.

"Brooks," I say quietly, setting my gun down on the couch, "Let me explain-"

"Yeah. That'd be a good place to start," he replies, looking at me with hard eyes.

"Milo was telling the truth," I say, my heart pounding, "My real name isn't Keira Campbell. It's Quinn Collins. I'm...I'm an FBI agent."

A long moment of silence passes between us, swelling to fill the entire apartment. Brooks is as still as the statue he resembles, processing my news. I barrel on, ripping off the Band-Aid-or rather, the tourniquet.

"I work in the cyber department," I rush on, "I was sent to investigate CrowdedNest as part of a larger investigation into Dante's Nine and the Devil's Wraiths. I was never supposed to even meet any of the actual members, but then-"

"You've been investigating me?" Brooks asks, his voice pulsing with rage.

"No!" I exclaim, "You were never my target. This thing with you...it just happened, and I wanted it so badly-"

"Why are you telling me all this?" he says, pacing around the living room like a caged lion. "Why not deny it?"

"Because I have reason to believe that the other agent working the case is trying to set you guys up," I say quickly. "He's trying to take down the MC's on contrived evidence. He's the one who's after me. That's what I wanted to tell you earlier tonight, before we got...distracted. I'm shifting my investigation on to him to try and stop whatever he's cooking up. I don't think the FBI has it right. I guess I've...gone rogue. Or something."

Brooks stares at me from across the room, his sharp jaw hanging open. After a moment, he snaps it back into place, takes a breath, and strides into my kitchen. He swings open my fridge and grabs a couple of beers.

"Here," he says gruffly, tossing me a bottle, "we're going to need these."

"What?" I sputter, "Why-"

"Just drink your damn beer and tell me everything," he says, leaning heavily against the kitchen doorframe. "Start at the beginning."

And because I have no choice, and because I've secretly been dying to come clean to Brooks all along...I do.

"To begin with," I say softly, "My name is Quinn Collins. I'm from Allentown, Pennsylvania. And I'm a special agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation."

By the time I've walked Brooks through the entire sprawling saga of my involvement with this case, the sun is beginning to brighten the sky beyond the apartment's windows. Brooks doesn't say much, save to ask for clarification when I resort to FBI jargon. It's impossible to read his mood, his response to all of this. Throughout my story, his expression is like a slab of blank stone. When I spit out the last few words of my truth, a long moment of silence stretches between us, heavy and moving.

Brooks takes a sip of beer-his third since we've started this marathon of divulgence. He paces slowly around the apartment, his eyes alighting on my things-clues about who I really am. My heart catches as he stops in front of my dresser and picks up the framed photo of my brother, Brandon.

"I already met one ex tonight," Brooks says gruffly, "Is this the current Mr. Quinn Collins, or-?"

"That's a Collins, all right," I smile weakly, "But not like you're thinking. That's my little brother, Brandon."

"Does your brother know about this double life thing?" Brooks asks. "Does anyone in your family know that you're here?"

"I don't really speak to my parents. And Bran certainly doesn't know," I say, averting my eyes. "He was killed, a few years back."

I hear Brooks suck in a pained breath. "Shit," he mutters, setting down the frame, "I'm sorry Keir-Quinn."

"It's OK," I shrug. "I mean...it's not OK, obviously. I live with it every day. For a while, I used his death as a means of pushing myself. You know, to distract from the pain. I joined the FBI because of him. Thought that if I made something of my life, contributed something to society, I could somehow justify what happened to him."

"What did happen to him?" Brooks asks softly.

"Got caught in the crossfire between some cops and gang members back in Philly," I reply. "When it happened, I immediately blamed the gang. Assumed that the cops were just doing their jobs, trying to make the city safer. But after everything that's happened with this case...I don't know anymore. The whole law and order thing seems a bit shakier than it used to, that's for sure."

"That's why you were so cold at first, isn't it?" Brooks asks, joining me on the couch. "You thought that Dante's Nine was just another gang? That we were just like the thugs that were involved with your brother's death?"

"Exactly," I whisper. "But Brooks...you have to believe me when I tell you that I know better, now. I know that you guys have more honor, more loyalty, than any fed I've ever met. I'm so fucking confused about this whole thing. I'm just-I hope you can forgive me. For not telling you the truth sooner."

Brooks swings his green eyes my way. He studies me, the cogs of his mind turning. My breath is caught in my throat as I wait for him to speak. If I lose my faith in justice as I've always known it and Brooks all at once...I don't know what I'm going to do.

Finally, Brooks glances down at my hand, resting on the couch. He lowers his own hand to mine, lacing our fingers together. The simple gesture nearly starts me sobbing. I'm so relieved. He looks at me with knowing sadness brimming in his gorgeous eyes.

"It makes so much sense now," he says, his voice hoarse. "Why we understand each other so well, I mean."

"What, you're secretly undercover, too?" I laugh hollowly.

"No," he chuckles sadly, shaking his head, "but I've lost people, just like you."

I gently squeeze his fingers, waiting for him to go on. Brooks isn't exactly accustomed to talking about himself, his past. Certainly not his emotions. He's got to go at his own pace. Finally, with a deep breath, his turns to me and continues.

"You know I was in the Navy with Declan," he starts. "Well, I didn't end up there by chance. My dad did the same thing, when he was a young guy. Growing up, I always knew he served as an aviation mechanic. It sounded so cool to me, as a little kid. So I begged him to groom me for the job. He taught me everything he knew, set me up for life. I think it was a relief for him, having something so solid he could do for me. Something so direct. It was just the two of us, me and Dad. If we hadn't had the mechanic thing in common...It would have been tough."

"Where was your mom?" I ask softly.

"Fuck if I know," Brooks scoffs. "She was a junkie. In and out of rehab the whole time I knew her, which wasn't long. Dad would never talk about it, but I think she ran off with some other guy. I was only ten years old when she left. After everything my dad did for her...Let's just say I had a bit of trouble trusting women after that."

"Which is why you don't like to play games," I nod.

"Yeah," Brooks says, "Pretty much."

I swallow hard. Lying about my identity probably didn't do much to dismantle his trust issues. But this isn't about me. I force my attention back to Brooks as he goes on.

"My dad wasn't without his vices," he continues, fixing his eyes on the wall straight ahead. "The man loved to drink. Needed to drink. It never occurred to me until after he was gone that he was an alcoholic. The doctors told me, after he died, that he'd been suffering from PTSD since his days in the Navy. Undiagnosed, for years. He passed away while I was overseas. I never knew how bad it had gotten until it was too late. And through all of that, he still managed to be a decent father to me. It fucking kills me to know how much he must have been suffering. I just wish he'd been honest with me. Maybe I could have helped."

I rest my hand against Brooks' back. There's nothing I can say that will alleviate that pain in him. All I can do now is listen.

"I was just getting out of the Navy when he died," he says. "I went back home to Berkeley, took one look around the house we'd shared, and knew I couldn't stay. I needed something completely different, a clean slate. It was right then that Declan reached out to me about coming to Vegas. We hadn't seen each other for years, and in the meantime, he'd found Dante's Nine. He was happy there, he told me. The club was like a family, and he knew I needed that more than anything. I walked away from my old life and moved out here to become a member myself. It's the best thing that's ever happened to me. Well...the second best thing."

A knot twists in my throat as Brooks turns toward me on the couch, taking my hands in his. His eyes are fierce with purpose, and I cling to his every word.

"I never thought I'd meet a woman who could understand me. A woman I could trust and be honest with. The only girls I'd been with before you were one-night stands, casual, no strings attached. But you...you've changed all that."

"But I lied to you," I whisper, "about who I am, what I do-"

"And then you came clean," he cuts me off. "Sure, it wasn't the ideal way to find out. I could have done without meeting that idiot ex of yours. But you've told me everything, now. Haven't you?"

"Yes. Everything," I say.

"Even though your career, your livelihood, your entire life depend on my not knowing who you are?" he presses.

"I...hadn't thought of it that way," I say. "Honestly...all of my attachments, everything I've ever defined myself by...it all feels in flux now. It's like you're the only real thing in my life, the only thing I care about protecting. Holding onto."

"I know the feeling," he says, taking me at once into his arms. His face is inches from my own, his breath warm on my lips. "So we both have pasts," he growls, tucking a lock of hair behind my ear. "I'm pretty sure that only makes us human. You say there's some fucker out there trying to hurt you? Well, I'm not going to let that happen. I don't care if you're Keira Campbell or Quinn Collins, to me you're just Red. My Red."

"You forgive me then?" I breathe, wrapping my arms around his shoulders.

"Forgive you?" he says. "You're going rouge to make sure my brothers and I don't get taken down by some psycho with cooked-up evidence. You're putting everything on the line to keep my family safe. I should be throwing you a fucking parade, Red."

"I'm not sure that the others will see it that way," I tell him.

"We'll worry about them later," Brooks says, planting a searing kiss just below my jawline. I curve into him, relief coursing through my entire body. I thought he'd hate me, once he discovered the truth. But look-it's only brought us closer.

"It really is you and me against the world, isn't it?" I laugh, writhing as his lips trail along my neck, across my chest.

"You fucking bet it is," he smiles, brazenly confident in spite of it all. "And you know what Red? I like those odds."

I cry out in surprised glee as Brooks presses me back against the couch, his eyes sparking with lust.

"I have to say, I'm pretty impressed with how well you're taking all this," I say.

"So you're a fed. So what? I'm a damaged loner, there's some crazy asshole out to get you and my club," Brooks says, running his hands up along my bare legs. "You don't honestly think I'm gonna let that stop us from being together?"

"Shouldn't we be formulating a plan? Discussing our strategy-?" I ask, propping myself up on my forearms.

"It can wait until morning," Brooks growls, kneeling over me.

"It is morning," I remind him, jerking my head at the window. The sky outside is just beginning to glow with daylight.

Brooks parts my knees with firm hands, fitting his staggering body into the space between my legs. "Then it can wait until I've had my fill of you," he says, sliding those irresistible hands up under my shirt, "What do you say, Red?"

I moan in response as Brooks cups my breasts, pinching my nipples just hard enough to send a shiver of pleasure down my spine.

"I guess you have a point," I gasp, arching my back as he kisses along my hip bone. "Can't really talk logistics while insanely horny, right?"

"Right," Brooks grins, tearing my shirt up over my head.

We've already stopped one bad guy tonight, haven't we? We deserve to blow off some steam. Then we'll set our sights on the real villain: Jeff Bruno. Alone, I may not have been a match for my devious fellow fed. But with Brooks by my side, who knows what's possible? We've been a pretty incredible team so far. And if we're half as good at fighting corruption as we are at blowing each other's minds in bed, Bruno doesn't stand a chance.

By the time afternoon rolls around, The Mayor has decided that Brooks is his new best friend. My inherited cat refuses to budge from my lover's lap as we go over everything I know about Jeff Bruno, and what he might be up to. It takes everything in my power not to giggle at the big bad biker being colonized by an old cat.

"I can't believe that fucker," Brooks says through gritted teeth. The Mayor glances up at him solemnly, as if in agreement.

"I could hardly believe it myself," I reply, setting down two coffee cups on the table before us, "the whole thing felt like a bad dream."

"If I'd been there," Brooks goes on, shaking his head, "he wouldn't have had any teeth left to spit his threats through."

"Look. I know it's hard to focus through the anger," I tell him, laying a hand on his hard bicep, "but I need you to be clearheaded here. If we manage to take this guy down, the working over he'll get from the feds and fellow inmates will be satisfying enough."

"More satisfying than pounding him to a bloody pulp?" Brooks asks, eyebrows raised.

"OK. Maybe not quite as satisfying," I allow, "but close enough."

We put our heads together and settle on a game plan for the day. I'll head over to the penthouse and spend some time with Kassie and Kelly, just so no one gets suspicious. During my down time, I'll dig up as much dirt as I can on Bruno, maybe even hack into some of his accounts if I can swing it. Brooks is going to tail my crazy coworker throughout the day, figure out where he spends time when he's not at the field office. He's even deigning to drive a cage today, instead of his bike. Jesus. He really must love me.

As we get our stuff together and prepare head our separate ways, I muster up my courage to ask the question that's been on the tip of my tongue all morning.

"Last night," I say quickly, watching Brooks from across the room, "what you said about...you know. How you felt about me..."

"Yeah?" Brooks says, that crooked grin of his driving me mad.

"That wasn't...just the heat of the moment or whatever...right?" I stumble on. "You really meant what you-"

"Red," Brooks cuts me off, closing the space between us. He wraps his arms around the small of my back, pulling me flush against him. "No games. Remember? I meant what I said."

"Oh. Good," I smile, taking his scruffy face in my hands, "because I meant it too."

"I know," he grins, running his hands over the rise of my ass. "You may have been able to hide the whole undercover thing, but you're not that good an actress."

"You asshole," I laugh, standing on my tiptoes to kiss him. His firm lips catch mine, and his powerful jaw works my mouth open at once. I shudder with pleasure as his tongue glances against my own. It takes every ounce of willpower I have to pull away.

"We've got work to do," I remind him.

"All the more incentive to bring him down as soon as possible," Brooks laughs, glancing down at the rise in his jeans.

"You can say that again," I breathe. "Let's do this."

Chapter Seventeen

"Hey, where were you last night?" Kelly asks, as I sink down onto the penthouse's leather couch. "We missed you at the Playpen."

"I hope that place isn't too much for you," Kassie says, dropping a few cucumber slices into a pitcher of water in the kitchen. "It takes a little getting used to."

"No, it's totally fine," I assure her, unable to hide the smile on my face. "I, uh...spent the night at home. With Brooks."

"What?!" Kassie and Kelly cry out in unison, whipping around to face me.

"He spent the night at your place?" Kelly breathes.

"From what Declan tells me, that's like a fish camping out in a tree," Kassie squeals.

"You guys are soul mates," Kelly says, "I'm calling it now."

"Oh my god. What if he asks you to be his old lady?!" Kassie breathes, rushing to join me on the couch.

"He's totally going to ask you!" Kelly spouts, rushing over to my other side.

"Whoa! Hold on a second!" I laugh, holding up my hands, "I think it's a little early to-"

"Do you love him?" Kelly asks bluntly.

"I-what-?" I sputter, looking back and forth between them.

"That's a yes!" Kassie cries, throwing her arms around me. "You guys are in love! This is so amazing!"

"Welcome to the family, Keira!" Kelly says, joining the group hug, "I'll make sure Brooks picks out an awesome old lady cut for you. Nothing too flashy. Classy. Like you!"

"You two are insane," I inform them, crawling out from the pile of lithe limbs.

"You're blushing," Kassie shoots back, "no use denying it, Keira. You're one of us now. And we couldn't be happier."

Eventually, I manage to convince the girls that we should get some work done. They run off to interview some graphic designers-which is pretty fortunate timing for my purposes. The second they're gone, I abandon my CrowdedNest duties and set to work on my new investigation. Mitchell couldn't care less about how I spend my time these days-he's not even checking up. But being an active FBI agent gives me all sorts of access to personnel information, even if some of it is technically off-limits.

After some hearty technological gymnastics, I've unearthed quite the treasure trove of intel about one Jeffery Theodore Bruno. By the time anyone notices that I've accessed this information, I'll either have taken Bruno down or been fired from the FBI. It's all or nothing, now. All that counts is the moment at hand.

On the surface, everything about Bruno seems squeaky clean. He's been an agent since 1990, and has always worked organized crime cases. He's been involved in operations that have dismantled pretty impressive crime families, gangs, and cartels. This is a man who's respected, well-liked, and trusted by the FBI, despite his temper and occasional unnecessary roughness. But once you look beyond the official record, things start to get a little less sunny.

FBI agents are compensated well enough, but no one stays in this job for the money alone. And yet, the lifestyle Bruno leads is full of indulgence and excess. He drives a BMW, lives in a ritzy neighborhood in LA, wines and dines his lady friends and associates almost every day. I have a hard time believing that an FBI agent could foot the bill for all of that without some significant help.

Looking back through the history of Bruno's cases, I analyze how his purchases and spending habits match up with his professional life. An alarming trend presents itself almost at once. Many of his big cases involve at least one major crime family. In every case where such a family was found innocent at the expense of a rival gang or cartel, Bruno's cash flow goes through the roof. After every such case, he blows a ton of money all at once. There's no way those spikes are just the product of job-well-done celebrations. From where I'm sitting, it looks like Bruno is having his pockets lined by some of those friends in low places he told me about.

I jump a foot in the air as my cell starts ringing. Snatching it up, I'm relieved to see Brooks' name on the caller ID. I swipe to take the call, clutching the phone to my ear.

"Anything interesting?" I ask.

"Very," Brooks replies over the line, "I trailed him from the field office, all the way to some shitty apartment complex on the far side of Vegas. He was making a little visit to a girlfriend of his. And you'll never guess who she is."

"You're right, I won't," I reply, "so tell me."

"It was Belle Taylor," Brooks says, "from the Devil's Playpen."

"Belle?!" I exclaim, baffled, "The one Tyke is smitten with?"

"The very same," Brooks goes on, "and I'll say this, she did not look happy to see him. I heard him screaming from inside her place, and I'm pretty sure she's down at least one lamp. Something shattered in there-"

"What else did you notice?" I press.

"He went in with a pretty thick envelope," Brooks tells me, "and he sure didn't have it when he came out again."

"You think he was paying her?" I ask, pacing around the penthouse.

"That certainly seemed to be the case," Brooks says. "I had to ditch him after he left Belle's place. Got the feeling he'd start to notice me if I kept on him."

"Good. Better to cut your losses," I nod. "Shit, Brooks. If he's paying Belle for sex, he can take the Playpen down for prostitution in a heartbeat. He'll bring the whole operation tumbling down."

"Let's hope the Wraiths vet their girls better than that," Brooks says.

"But if he wasn't paying her for sex," I muse, "what the hell could he have been paying her for?"

"I have no fucking idea," Brooks says, "but I bet this asshole will be at the Playpen tonight. Maybe he'll give himself away if we're there to catch him."

"He'll flip if he sees me at the Playpen," I reply. "He made it pretty clear that stepping foot on his turf will be bad for me."

"Then don't let him see you," Brooks urges. "Besides, I'll be there. He's not expecting you to have backup. You'll be safe, Red."

"Huh..." I say, pausing in my frantic pacing. "This is what it feels like for someone to have your back."

"You know it," Brooks says. I can hear him grinning over the line. "So, what do you say? Want to try and catch a rat at the Playpen tonight?"

"Let's do it," I say.

"I'll come and get you," Brooks replies. "Shit. Is it wrong that I'm kind of having fun with all of this?"

"See you soon, you crazy bastard," I laugh, and hang up my cell.

I can feel my heartbeat pounding through my entire body. It's the feeling I always get when I'm hot on the trail of some criminal or other. Only usually, I'm only tracking my targets through pages of code and internet transactions. This shit with Bruno is real. By all rights, I should be scared shitless to take him on, and I'm sure I would be, if I were going it alone. But for the first time in my professional career-and my life, really-I have a partner. And that feels pretty damn awesome.

The sun is just beginning to set over the teaming neon village of Las Vegas when Brooks and I set off in search of the truth once more. It's so strange to see him behind the wheel of a car, rather than on a Harley. But I have to hand it to the man-the cage he's driving does nothing to impede his sex appeal. Tonight, he's rocking black jeans, a white tee stretched tightly over his pecs, his Dante's Nine cut, and a pair of weathered steel toe boots. His dark brown curls tumble artfully across his brow-a look I'm sure a thousand city boys would pay good money to mimic. His green eyes are gleaming with anticipation and intention, his inked muscles straining for action. It takes everything in my power not to demand he pull the car over and have me in the back seat.

The sizzling sidelong glance Brooks shoots my way tells me that I've cleaned up pretty nicely myself. I'm in full biker chick regalia tonight-daisy dukes, tiny white tank, big sexy hair, full face of makeup, and sky-high stiletto boots. I figure I'll blend in with the natives this way, make it less likely that Bruno would notice me. And it doesn't hurt that Brooks is totally into it, either. I return his look with a mischievous smile.

"Eyes on the road, buddy," I tease.

"Not so easy with you sitting there, looking like that," he murmurs.

"There'll be plenty of time for every nasty thing you're thinking of," I assure him, "after we take Bruno down."

"Trust me, I'm committed to the cause," Brooks says, "I'm willing to put jumping you on hold to go after this guy. And that is fucking saying something, all right."

We ride along in silence for a spell, the glowing beacon of Vegas falling away in the rear view mirror. We're going to try and intercept Bruno at the Devil's Playpen, catch him in whatever diabolical acts he's been perpetrating. My working theory is that he's trying to manipulate this case to the benefit of his own bank account. But the specifics are still rather hazy. Hopefully, he'll give us another clue or two tonight.

"Can I ask you something, Red?" Brooks asks, keeping his eyes on the dark road ahead.

"Shoot," I reply.

"What's your end game, with all of this?" he goes on. "The Bruno thing, I mean?"

"Well. He's clearly trying manipulate the law to his advantage," I reply. "All I want is for him to get what he deserves. The FBI should know the truth about him."

"I mean for you," Brooks clarifies, "what do you want out of all this?"

"I...don't really know," I confess, looking out across the dusty, dusky landscape. "I guess I just want to make a difference, for once."

"You don't feel like you make a difference at the FBI?" he asks.

"I'm not sure I believe that the law is something to put faith in anymore," I say quietly. "More and more...this life you lead is starting to make sense."

"I'm really glad to hear that," Brooks says huskily. "Not that you're losing faith in what you've always believed in, of course. But I'm glad that you're seeing things from another angle. Justice isn't black and white. I know that better than most. It drives me crazy that most of the people in this country trust the legal system implicitly, when it's as fucked up and corrupt as anything else."

I steal a glance at Brooks, suddenly remembering what Kassie told me the other morning in the elevator. Brooks' history is complicated-that's what she told me. But what kind of complicated, I wonder? What makes him so vehemently distrustful of the law?

"My turn to ask you something, if you don't mind," I say quietly.

"Go ahead," Brooks says, "I don't want to keep any secrets from you."

"Kassie mentioned that your life before joining the Nine was...uh...less than sunny," I begin. "She used the word 'complicated'."

"That's the right word for it," Brooks sighs deeply. "Did she mention any specifics?"

"No," I reply, "she said I should ask you."

"I'll have to remember to thank her for that, at least," Brooks chuckles shortly. "I guess I wouldn't expect Declan to keep secrets from his old lady. I don't blame her for mentioning it to you. I'd do the same for a friend."

We sail past the wooden sign that bears the Wraiths' sigil. I hold my tongue, waiting for Brooks to continue on his own. After a heavy, seemingly endless moment of silence, he takes a deep breath and goes on.

"The truth is, Red, I never planned to become a civilian again, after I joined the Navy. I'd wanted to serve my country my entire life, just like my dad did. The proudest day of both our lives was when I enlisted. I fucking loved being in the military. All of a sudden, my life had structure. Stability. I had friends, family, a steady job. And I honestly thought that I was contributing to something good. Something pure. Freedom and justice have always been more important to me than anything.

During my first tour, everything went pretty smoothly. Well, as smoothly as it could go. I did my job, served my country, believed in my mission. I met Dec, and a couple of other guys who really understood me. There was...a girl, too."

"Oh," I say, feeling my heart sink, "You...uh...fell in love with her?"

"Not in the way you're thinking," Brooks says quietly. "Besides Dec, she was the best friend I made. Natalie. I loved her like a kid sister. She was a firecracker, as good a mechanic as any guy around. She fucking loved her job, and her country. She was one of the good ones."

"You keep saying...was," I say softly. "Did she...? She wasn't-?"

"She wasn't killed," Brooks says, his jaw tensing with long-suppressed ire, "but she may have preferred that to what ended up happening. My dad passed away during my and Natalie's second tour. I went on leave for his funeral. Just for a few days, but..." Brooks can barely speak through his clenched jaw. "There was this lieutenant, Davison. Entitled rich boy type. He'd been after Natalie since the day she showed up. She had no interest in him, turned him down every time he tried something. But he wouldn't take no for an answer. While I was gone, he decided he was tired of waiting. He...he forced her..."

"Fucking scumbag," I whisper, my heart breaking for Brooks' friend.

"I knew something had happened the second I got back," he soldiers on. "She didn't want to tell me, at first. But the truth came out eventually. She refused to report what had happened, and I don't blame her. The military is a fucking joke when it comes to prosecuting that kind of thing. No one was going to get justice for her, so I...took matters into my own hands. I tracked down Davison, and beat him to a pulp. I might have killed him, if they hadn't stopped me. I was dishonorably discharged for assaulting an officer. Natalie left the Navy, the one thing she loved most. Last I heard, Davison had been promoted to commander."

I can't even speak, I'm so appalled by Brooks' story. He glances over at me as the Wraith's Nest comes into view.

"I still believe in justice," he tells me, "and I still believe in freedom. But what I've learned since joining Dante's Nine is that sometimes, you find freedom and justice where you'd least expect them. It's not a matter of right or wrong, Red. It's just a matter of seeing things the way they really are. Whatever happens with Bruno and the FBI...just remember that you have the freedom to decide what justice really means to you."

Before I can formulate a reply to Brooks' words of wisdom, something catches my eye at the heart of the Wraith's Nest. Things are usually pretty rowdy at the Devil's Playpen at this time of night, to be sure. But something's going on inside the strip club that goes above and beyond the usual chaos.

"What the hell...?" I mutter, as we park the car and step out into the night.

We watch from afar as a stampede of finely-dressed men flee the Playpen, leaping into expensive cars and peeling off into the night. Pricking up my ears, I hear a whole different kind of cacophony than the usual blaring music and raised voices. Bloodthirsty shrieks rise in waves from the club as the hard rock cuts out. Breaking glass and loud crashes sound from inside. It sounds like some insane brawl has started up, scaring away every last patron. A bottle of tequila smashes through one of the front windows, and Brooks and I take off toward the fray.

The din of battle is deafening as we race into the Devil's Playpen. My eyes struggle to adjust to the sudden darkness as my mind works to make sense of the scene playing out before me. Nearly every member of Dante's Nine and the Devil's Wraiths is here tonight, seemingly squared off against a common threat. That's good. For a second, I thought Bruno might have found a way to turn the clubs against each other. But the actual situation at hand is even more baffling to behold.

A pack of scantly clad dancers face off against the MC brothers. They're absolutely livid, ready to burn the Playpen to the ground by the look of them. Each of the two dozen girls is screaming in unadulterated fury-many of them are armed with broken bottles, whips, and stilettos wielded like bludgeons. The girls of the Devil's Playpen seem to have declared war.

"What the fuck is going on here?" Brooks shouts to his club brothers.

Declan and Leo glance at Brooks from the front line. Leo's golden eyes are blazing as he shakes out his mane of jet-black hair.

"One of the girls got beat up pretty badly," he yells back.

"They're staging a fucking coup," Declan adds, ducking as a high-heeled shoe flies at his head. Kassie and Kelly are nowhere to be seen, but I recognize more than a few of the dancers who are lined up for combat.

"Someone's hurt?" I ask, rushing forward, "Who?"

"It's Belle," shouts Mac, the snowy-haired president of the Wraiths, "Belle Taylor. The new girl."

"Who beat her up?" Brooks growls, his voice full of deadly anger.

The assembled brothers exchange stormy looks. No one offers up an answer.

"I said, who the fuck is responsible for this?" Brooks roars, his fists balled tightly.

"She says it was Tyke," Leo reports solemnly.

I feel the air leave my lungs in a painful rush. Tyke? The sweet, shy kid with the blonde crew cut and the easy blush? How could he have done something like this?

"Tyke...Tyke has a thing for Belle," Brooks says, uncomprehendingly.

"We know. It doesn't make any sense," Declan says. "We're just trying to calm everyone down so that we can get to the bottom of this."

"Where's Tyke now?" Brooks asks, his face unreadable.

"Took off," Leo says, "He was too gutted to stick around. Seemed blindsided by the whole thing."

"And Belle?" I ask. "Where is she?"

"In the back," Mac says, "the poor thing is a fucking mess."

"Can I see her?" I ask. "Maybe I can help."

"If you can get past them, you can do whatever the hell you like," Leo says, nodding at the brigade of strippers.

I turn to face the line of fierce women. They covered a lot of situations at Quantico, but I have to say that this was not one of the them. Still, I have a hunch that the timing Belle's assault is no coincidence. I have to talk to her.

"I'm going in," I tell Brooks, "Just...wait here."

The women eye me suspiciously as I make my way toward them. But no one tries to impale me with a stray heel-so I take that as a good sign.

"What do you want?" snaps one of the head girls, a voluptuous blonde with mile-high legs and a broken bottle clutched in her fist.

"I just want to talk to Belle alone," I say, "I'm trained to handle these kinds of situations."

"What are you, a counselor or something?" asks a porcelain-skinned red head.

"Or something," I shrug.

"She's in a bad way," says a tomboyish girl with a pixie cut, "if you can do anything to help her through this..."

"I think I can," I say, "if you'd just let me through?"

The women exchange loaded glances, deliberating in silence. Finally, the busty blonde says, "Just you. None of these MC fuckers."

"Thank you," I tell her, darting around the assembled women in search of Belle Taylor.

I don't have to hunt for long. As I make my way into the belly of the strip club, I spot a single sliver of light coming from one of the dressing room doors. I pad toward the illuminated room, and a soft sobbing catches my ear. I ease the door open as gently as I can.

"Belle?" I say softly, "Belle, is that you?"

"Who the fuck are you?" a voice asks from within. Jesus, she sounds so young.

"I'm...a friend of the Nine," I say, unsure of which name to offer at this point, "Can I talk to you for a second?"

The door flies open before me, and I gasp as I take in the sight of Belle Taylor. Her girlish face is swollen and tear-stroked, a ghastly black eye blooming across her skin. A surge of rage rises like bile in my throat. This will not stand.

"I already told them everything," she says, struggling not to weep in front of me.

"I have reason to believe...that that's not entirely true," I say slowly.

She tries to slam the door in my face, but I wedge myself in before she can. Frustrated, she storms away from me, bracing herself against the makeup-covered counter. Her shoulders tremble with suppressed anger, but there's something else brimming up inside her. It's fear.

"I know you're afraid, Belle," I say softly, "And I know we just met. But I'm going to need you to trust me now. I need you to tell me who really did this to you."

"It was Tyke," she spits, "I already said-"

"I know that's what you told the girls," I reply, taking a tentative step toward her, "but I can also see that it's killing you to say that. It's killing you because you care for Tyke. And because...it wasn't him that did this."

Belle's eyes find mind in the dressing room mirror, confusion clouding her baby blues.

"What do you know?" she whispers.

"I know that someone recently paid you a lot of money," I say, making my way toward her, "and I know that this someone is not a good person. I think he's the type of person who would buy a false accusation from someone who may not be in the position to refuse."

A long, drawn out moment passes as a thousand emotions crash across Belle's bruised face. I watch as the wave of conflicting impulses rears back and washes over her. All at once, she sinks down onto the floor, wracked with heartbroken sobs.

"H-he said...h-he'd kill me," she weeps, holding her face in her hands, "if I d-didn't...blame Tyke."

"Who said that?" I press, kneeling beside her.

"You know who," she wails, shaking her head, "He gave me...t-ten thousand dollars...to do this to me...and s-say it was Tyke. I tried to say n-no, but...he knows where my family lives, in Indiana. And I couldn't...I couldn't..."

"It's OK Belle," I whisper, tucking her candy-colored hair behind her ear. "I don't blame you. Neither will Tyke. But Belle...I need you to tell me who did this to you. I need you to say his name for me."

"I can't do that," she insists, looking at me in terror, "I told you, he'll kill me. My family. What the hell could you even do if I told you-?"

"Plenty," I whisper, digging my badge out of my purse and flipping it open for her to see. Her eyes go wide as she registers my meaning. "Belle, my name is Quinn Collins. I'm a special agent with the FBI," I say evenly. "And I have reason to believe that a fellow agent has gone totally off his fucking rocker. Pardon my French. I want to take this motherfucker down, and I think I can do it, too. But first, I need you to tell me who did this to you."

She holds my gaze as her frantic thoughts settle. A look of steely determination comes over her face as she comes to her decision.

"Bruno," she whispers, clasping my hand tightly. "It was Jeff Bruno."

For a moment, it's all I can do to take her words in. I don't dare let myself feel the full extent of my anger just now. I don't trust myself to. I simply give Belle's hand a gentle squeeze.

"Thank you," I whisper, my voice ragged, "Thank you, Belle. I'm so sorry this happened to you. Please believe me when I tell you that I'm going to do everything in my power to bring this asshole to justice."

"Do you think Tyke will ever be able to forgive me?" she asks tearfully, looking younger than ever in that moment.

"I think...it's impossible to guess what people are capable of," I say slowly, "but my best guess is that Tyke's more than capable of compassion. And forgiveness."

"I hope so," she whispers, falling back against the dressing room wall, "I really hope so."

"I'm going to send back some of the other girls to take care of you," I say to Belle. "You need to go to the emergency room."

"OK," she whispers.

"Oh, and Belle," I go on, pulling myself to my feet, "if anyone asks, I introduced myself to you as Keira Campbell. All right?"

"All right..." she mutters, shaking her head. "Man. You MC people are a fucking strange bunch, you know that?"

"That does seem to be the case," I smile softly, turning to go.

My heart is pounding in my ears as I make my way back out into the main club. I give orders to the girls about what needs to be done for Belle. They're so relieved that someone was able to comfort her that they drop their improvised weapons and flock to their sister in need. I turn next to the pack of baffled MC brothers. Each looks more gobsmacked than the next.

"Well?" Mac finally demands. "Care to enlighten us about what the hell is going on?"

"I'm not sure just yet," I tell him, "but I hope to be soon."

I make my way wordlessly past them, and feel Brooks instantly at my side. As we march back into the sweltering night, two words clarify in my reeling, roiling mind.

It's on.

Chapter Eighteen

The momentum that's been building since Bruno slammed me up against that armored van and threatened my life is soaring to its peak. I've got my hands wrapped tightly around this situation's reins, and all I've got to do is hang on. But this is unlike anything I've been trained for, unlike anything I've ever experienced. For all I know, I'm about to get bucked out of the saddle and crushed in a stampede of circumstance. But what else can I do but see this through?

I was dragged into this mess before I even knew the extent of it. The second Mitchell chose me to take on this Vegas assignment I became a player. Bruno tried to scare me off, send me running for the hills, but he only brought me closer to the center of the action. I have no idea how far and deep this thing runs, but I know I can't turn my back now. After what happened to Belle, how could I leave the Nine and the Wraiths alone to get blindsided? What if Bruno's next target is Kassie, or Kelly? I'm not going to let him get away with this. I can't.

Brooks and I head back to the penthouse to regroup. We can't stay at my place, it's just not safe enough. Hopefully, The Mayor can hold down the fort while I'm gone. I trust that cat to take on just about anyone. No, right now, the penthouse is our best bet. If you're going to plan the take down of a dangerous criminal, might as well do it in style, right?

I'm silent as we hurry into the high rise, guarded as ever by the doorman, Franklin.

"Mr. Tiberi called ahead to say I could expect you both," the usually chipper man says, "I'll secure the premises now that you're inside."

I raise an eyebrow at the doorman. What does he mean, secure the premises? With a solemn glance, Franklin pulls back the front of his uniform to reveal a serious-looking piece.

"Thanks Franklin," Brooks says, leading me toward the elevator, "good to know you'll be on guard."

"What is he, a hit man or something?" I whisper, as we step into the elevator.

"Former hit man," Brooks corrects me. "Current...private security coordinator."

My head is spinning as we make our way into the gorgeous penthouse suite. Routes forward light up in my brain, sparking along like fireworks. I don't have time to think of eventualities, we have to act fast. Bruno's escalating this conflict with exponential speed and intensity. There's no room for playing nice here. I sink down onto the leather couch, resting my elbows on my knees. Vegas is lit up through the floor-to-ceiling windows before me, but I can't concentrate on the stunning view. My next move swims up and crystalizes in my mind as Brooks sits down next to me, two cold beers in hand.

"It was Bruno," I tell Brooks through gritted teeth. "He beat up Belle, and tried to pin it on Tyke."

"Sonofabitch," Brooks growls, taking a long swig of beer. "So, what now? Are you going to go to your agent in charge?"

"No," I reply, sipping my beer, "no, that won't do it. I have to handle this myself."

"Yourself? Red, what the hell do you mean?" Brooks asks, his eyes teeming with conflicted concern. "This guy is clearly dangerous. He could seriously fuck you up, or...what are you doing?"

I've whipped out my cell and opened up a new message. Before Brooks can stop me, I've sent off a text to my monstrous fellow agent.

I know what you're doing. I want to help.

"There," I mutter, as the text goes through.

"Are you insane?" Brooks asks, snatching my phone away. "He's a maniac."

"All the more reason to stop him," I point out.

"That's what the goddamn FBI is for," Brooks says, grabbing my shoulders.

"You know as well as I do that the FBI will never take him out," I say quietly. "Just like the Navy was never going to stop that asshole who went after Natalie. Sometimes you have to take justice into your own hands, right?"

"Red-"

"Isn't that what you told me, Brooks?" I insist, taking his face in my hands.

"Yes..." he allows, his jaw clenched tightly, "But I didn't mean your hands. I can't watch you put yourself in harm's way. What if something-?"

"Something terrible could happen at any time. To anyone," I insist, pressing against him. "We know that better than anyone. But that doesn't mean we should shy away from doing what we know is right. I have to stop this fucker if I can, Brooks. And I'm going to need your help."

"I can't lose you," he says, wrapping his arms tightly around my waist.

"Then don't," I whisper, running my fingers through his curls. "Help me, Brooks."

"How am I supposed to think straight with you so close to me?" he murmurs.

"You're not. That's sort of the point," I grin, brushing my lips against his throat. He groans as I run my hands down his chest, straddling him right there on the couch.

"Tell me what you have planned," he breathes, grabbing my ass as I grind against his stiffening cock.

"In a minute," I whisper, closing my eyes as I feel him growing hard against my sex. "This loose cannon shit has got me all worked up. I think I need to blow off some steam."

"Well that I can help you with," Brooks says, bringing his face toward my heaving chest. I gasp as he tugs down the front of my top, freeing my breasts in one swift motion. He wraps his lips around my hard nipple, tracing circles there with his dexterous tongue.

Surely, logistics can wait until after a good fuck.

By the time I awake the next morning, stark naked and pressed against Brook's hard body, Bruno's reply is waiting on my phone. I roll out of bed as soundlessly as I can and pad into the kitchen. Heart beating like crazy, I open the text and stare down at Bruno's message.

You want to meet, little girl?

I scowl at the message before shooting back a response; I do, in fact, want to see him. I send along a set of coordinates and a time-high noon. Hopefully, Bruno's got a little flair for the dramatic.

After a time, he agrees. The meet is set. My nerves have already skyrocketed so high that I've reached a state of strange calm. However this next move of mine plays out, at least I know that I'm doing something to stop this man. And if something should happen to me along the way...well, best not to think about that just now.

"Is everything set?" I hear Brooks' voice ask from across the suite.

I turn to see him framed in the bedroom doorway, not a stitch of clothing on his incredible body.

"What's that?" I smile. "I got distracted."

"You've got a one-track mind is what," Brooks says, shooting me his crooked grin. "Did the fucker agree to meet with you?"

"He did," I say, gripping the edges of the kitchen counter. "It's all happening."

"And you're sure you want to go through with this?" Brooks asks, pulling on his jeans.

"I'm sure," I whisper.

"There's no way I'm going to talk you out of it?" he presses, striding across the suite toward me.

"Not a chance," I smile, wrapping my arms around his bare torso.

"Well then," he growls, planting a deep kiss on my lips, "we'd better get you ready for your little play date, then."

"Thank you," I whisper, kissing along the sharp line of his collarbone. "Thank you for letting me do this."

"Yeah right," he laughs softly, "as if there's any letting you do anything. You're a strong, fierce, fucking stubborn woman. You go your own way."

"Well, thanks for not trying to stand in my way then," I smile.

"Are you scared?" Brooks asks, lifting my face back to his.

"Terrified," I admit.

"Of getting hurt?" he asks, his face clouded with concern.

"I don't really care if I get hurt," I tell him, tracing the outline of his chest tattoo with the tip of my finger, "but I don't want to hurt you by letting something happen to me."

"Well," Brooks breathes, kissing the top of my head, "Better not let anything happen to you, then."

"I'll do my best," I say.

"Is that a promise?" he asks.

"I promise," I whisper, looking up into his shining green eyes.

"And...when this is over," he goes on, his voice low and hoarse, "what then? Between us, I mean."

"One thing at a time," I tell him. "Now come on. Help me get ready."

Chapter Nineteen

The dry, hot breeze picks up on the barren hillside, setting a vortex of dust spinning around my ankles. I stand with crossed arms, huge sunglasses fixed firmly over my face. The cool metal of my handgun, resting against the small of my back, isn't doing very much to ease my nerves or fight the noontime heat. But there's no turning back now.

Stand up straight, I coach myself, checking my watch for the umpteenth time. You look tougher when you don't slouch, Collins. Uncurling my spine, I rake my eyes along the hilly horizon, searching for a sign of life. One way or another, this whole thing is almost over. Just as soon as...

There. A cloud of dust, kicked up by a trundling jeep that's headed directly toward me. My heart collides painfully with my ribcage as I brace myself for what comes next. I've never felt more exposed on than I do right now. I'm used to having the strength of the FBI right behind me, but this is uncharted territory. It's just me, up alone on this hill, with a violent maniac coming my way.

And to think I thought this assignment might end up being uneventful.

The jeep roars over the rise before me, skidding to a halt across the flat expanse of land. I wrestle my features into a mask of composure as the driver's door flies open. Jeff Bruno swings himself down from the vehicle, drawing himself up to his full, hulking height. He squares his broad shoulders, a smug sneer curving his meaty lips. A subtle quake begins to destabilize my legs. Dammit-I can't let him see how scared I am.

"Long time no see, Collins," he says, taking a swaggering step toward me.

"You've been keeping pretty busy in the meantime, haven't you?" I return, holding my ground. "Thanks for coming to meet me, Bruno."

"My curiosity got the better of me," he shrugs, "I had to come see just what the hell you hope to accomplish with this little rendezvous."

"I told you," I say simply, "I want in on this scheme you're running."

"Scheme?" Bruno scoffs, "This ain't no slumber party, Collins."

"Racket, then. Whatever," I reply, "I want a piece of the action."

"What action are you referring to, little lady?" Bruno grins, closing the space between us.

"You're clearly working to take down the Devil's Wraiths and Dante's Nine in one fell swoop," I begin, refusing to budge an inch as Bruno creeps closer, "And there's only one reason you could possibly have for going out on a limb and manufacturing a case against them. Money."

"Who says I'm manufacturing a case against them?" Bruno asks, widening his eyes in mock innocence.

"If you weren't, you wouldn't be trying to shake me off the case," I shrug, "You didn't want me reporting back to Mitchell that there was nothing to see at the clubs. Especially not since he put a time limit on Operation Inferno."

"Maybe I didn't want you around because I don't like dealing with whiny little bitches," Bruno snaps.

"Belle Taylor told me everything," I spit back, whipping out my trump card, "You tried to set Tyke Bronson up for assault. One brother goes down, they all go down. Right? Pretty good idea. You couldn't have anticipated that she'd talk to me."

"I certainly couldn't," he growls, his fists clenching menacingly.

"Lucky for you," I press on, "I'd rather get myself a slice of whatever you're bringing in to take those guys down than play the good cop here."

"Is that so?" Bruno asks, cocking an eyebrow above his reflective aviators.

"Sure is," I assure him, "You know how to play the game, Bruno. I took a little stroll along your track record at the Bureau. You've got this agent-for-hire thing down to a science, don't you?"

"You digging up dirt on me, little girl?" Bruno growls, his voice deadly.

"Just admiring your prowess," I offer, the tremor in my legs beginning to grow. "I want to help you, Bruno. Whoever you're taking money from must have enough to buy a second agent. So, who is it? From one turn coat to another."

"I'm not a turn coat, you little piece of shit," he spits, color creeping up into his neck. "I'm helping to take down two criminal organizations here. So what if I pocket a little cash along the way?"

"You're right," I say quickly, "It's not like we get paid enough for what we do. Gotta find a way to pay those bills."

"You making fun of me, Collins?" Bruno presses, kicking up the dirt as he walks toward me. "That's not a very smart move for a little girl like you. I don't know if you've noticed, but we seem to be all alone up here."

"That...that's true," I whisper, backing up against my Mustang, "I was hoping we could keep things friendly-"

"Were you?" Bruno laughs, looming over me. His gigantic form casts a shadow over my gaze, and I can finally see his furious expression up close. "I thought I made myself clear back at the field office. I warned you to get off my fucking back, didn't I? Didn't I tell you what would happen if you bothered me again?"

"You said...you'd...um..." I stutter.

"Kill you," Bruno says, smiling sinisterly. "Did you honestly think you could get in on my game just by asking nicely? You're a fucking child. This setup is all mine, little girl. I don't need your help. I don't need the FBI's blessing. I'm above the law. I bring my own justice. You think you can scare me with your little beat-up hooker friend's word behind you? Please. I've been with the Bureau for years. Decades. No one's going to believe a word you say against me."

"Is that so?" I say, my voice barely rising above a breath.

A strangled cry escapes my throat as Bruno seizes me by the front of my shirt, lifting me off the ground.

"You want me to prove it?" he roars, holding me up as I kick my legs wildly, hoping to land a hit.

"Let me go, you so sonofabitch!" I scream, "You've lost your mind-"

"Maybe," he grins, every inch the homicidal maniac I always feared him to be, "Guess that leaves you in a pretty sticky situation, huh?"

"Come on Bruno," I try to reason, "just take it easy. We can talk about-"

"I'm through talking, Collins," he snarls, hoisting me up another inch. He looks my body over lasciviously, and I feel my blood turn to ice. "I'm ready for some action. I'm..."

His amped up voice trails off as his eyes alight on a slight bulge at my hip. Bruno shoves me roughly to the ground, staring at me, horrified, as the color drains from his face. He snaps out of his paralysis long enough to rip the hem of my shirt out of my jeans, revealing the small, boxy device that's been concealed beneath my clothing. I allow a wry smile to play across my lips as Bruno's eyes follow the thin black wire that snakes along my torso.

"You're...you're miked..." he breathes, his voice a hollow monotone.

"That would seem to be the case, yes," I reply, pushing myself up from the gravelly ground, "You must be pretty fucking far gone not to check me for a wire before confessing to your crime. Sorry, crimes."

"How did you-?" he splutters, backing away from me with wide eyes, "Are you-? What is-?"

"You didn't leave me much of a choice, Bruno," I say, brushing the dirt off my hands. "I had to get a little creative. I've got your whole spiel is recorded right here. Think Mitchell will throw me a parade when I hand it over?"

"Now...wait just a minute, Quinn," Bruno says, holding up his hands to me. "Let's talk about this."

"Oh, so now it's Quinn?" I shoot back, crossing my arms. "No more 'little girl' now that you need something from me?"

"You said you wanted a cut of my action. Fine," he says hurriedly, "I'll give you ten percent of what I bring in."

"And who's this cash coming from, huh?" I demand, "How do I know your funds aren't going to dry up?"

"They're not. Trust me," Bruno goes on, "the pockets I'm picking here are plenty deep."

"I need to know whose pockets we're talking about," I insist, "Or else no deal."

"Fine," Bruno spits, losing patience, "it's the Lorenzo Family."

I feel my jaw fall open as I take in Bruno's information. "The Lorenzo Family...is paying you off? But why?"

"Bad blood between them and the MC's. What the fuck do I care?" Bruno laughs shortly, "As long as the bad guys get put away and I make some extra scratch off it-"

"You're working for the bad guys," I shout, losing my cool. "The Lorenzo's are the most dangerous crime family in Nevada. They're a gang, for Christ's sake. They're not just the bad guys, they're the worst guys."

"Bad is in the eye of the beholder," Bruno sniffs. "So. You get ten percent of what the Lorenzo's are paying me to take down these MC's, we destroy that little tape of yours and keep on working together. As partners. What do you say?"

I fix my eyes on Jeff Bruno's red face. He looks desperate. Spent. Scared out of his mind. And we're only just getting started. As I part my lips to speak, a faint siren begins to wail across the deserted hilltop, underscored by that most comforting of sounds-a pack of motorcycles, roaring toward us.

"I say...no dice," I whisper, watching as a cloud of dust rises up above the road in the distance, "Sorry, Bruno."

The brutish agent freezes, his every muscle tensing as he picks up the sound of the approaching vehicles.

"Wait...you..." he stammers.

"Called in the cavalry," I say. "Had to, Bruno. Who knows what you're capable of?"

"But I thought...we were going to make a deal? Be partners?" he says, staring at me dumbly as the engines roar ever closer.

"That ship kinda sailed when you threatened my life the first time," I tell him. "That tipped me off, to begin with. I knew you must have been real deep in some serious shit if you were ready to off another agent. Looks like I had it right. But you were correct about one thing-there was no way the FBI was going to take my word over yours, just like that. So, I had to give them your word. They've been listening in to our little heart-to-heart. And they're not the only ones, either."

Bruno whips around just in time to see a pack of Harley's appear on the horizon. The agent spins away from them in horror, but stops short when he spots a fleet of cop cars and FBI vans closing in from the other direction.

"You're surrounded, Bruno," I tell him, "it's over."

"No," he growls, through gritted teeth, "No...No...No-"

"What's the matter?" I ask, cocking my head. "Afraid the Lorenzo family won't stand by their man? I hope for your sake they don't have any members in prison. I've heard that people get shanked in there all the time. And I'm pretty sure that's where you're headed my friend."

"Look who's found her tongue all of a sudden." Bruno says, slowly turning to face me. The unhinged look in his eye sends a shiver of fear through my body. "You think you're tough shit now, don't you, Collins? Took down big bad Bruno all by yourself?"

"Stay back," I snap, as the hulking man takes a staggering step toward me. "Don't do anything crazy, Bruno."

"Oh, but I already have, haven't I?" he replies, his eyes bugging out hysterically, "The way I see it, I've got nothing left to lose..."

"Don't touch me," I warn him, as I back up against the sun-warmed side of my Mustang. "Don't you dare, or-"

"What?" Bruno laughs, spreading his arms to the encroaching bikes and cages, "What more could you possibly do to me, girl? Not much. But I can still do plenty of harm to that pretty little face of yours."

"Stop-" I cry, as Bruno whips out his FBI-issued handgun.

"Why?" he asks, teeth bared in a terrifying smile, "You gonna tell on me? Too late. Besides, last time I checked, dead girls can't talk-"

He raises the gun level with my head just as the swarm of Harley's and cop cars screech to a halt, closing us in. I shield my eyes from the billowing cloud of dust that rises up in their wake. Before I can locate Bruno again through the haze, I feel two beefy arms seize me, and the cool, distinct feel of a gun pressed against my temple.

"Bruno, let go of me," I scream, "Think about what you're doing-"

"Oh, I know exactly what I'm doing," he says, pulling me tightly against him. "If I go down, we both go down, sweetie."

"Drop the weapon, Bruno!" I hear Agent Mitchell roar over one of the van's PA systems, "Don't do anything stupid."

As the dust begins to clear, I blink out at the ring of bikes and cars surrounding Bruno and I. The FBI and local cops are lined up along one side, the Wraiths and the Nine along the other. And there, right at the head of the MC pack, is Brooks. His face is fixed in a mask of pure, unadulterated rage.

"Get your hands off of her," Brooks growls, his voice low and deadly.

"Or what?" Bruno laughs, inhibition entirely fled, "I'm already getting locked up. Fuck it."

"We're only taking you in for battery and accepting bribes right now, Agent," Mitchell says, appearing beside Brooks. "You don't really want us to have you for murder too, do you?"

"Doesn't make a difference," Bruno says, "Either way, I'm dead the second I set foot in prison. The Lorenzos have all kinds of maniacs on the inside, just waiting to kill themselves a rat. Why not at least get thrown into prison for something good?"

"Agent Collins was only doing her job, Bruno," Mitchell goes on.

"Why are you trying to reason with him?" Brooks growls. "He's out of his fucking mind. Can't you see that?"

"And what are you gonna do about it?" Bruno shouts at Brooks. "Last time I checked, I was the one with the gun."

For the briefest, most fleeting of moments, Brooks lets his green eyes flick toward mine. Time slows to a crawl as we lock gazes. In that tiny slice of time, his anguish hits me like a wrecking ball. I can't let myself get killed here. I can't leave Brooks alone. Adrenaline courses thickly through my veins, steering me straight from terror to purpose.

Keep talking, I mouth to Brooks. Baffled but game, he gives me the smallest of nods.

"You're right," Brooks says to Bruno, forcing the ire from his voice, "You've got the gun. You're the boss."

"Fucking right I am," Bruno roars, pressing the piece more firmly against my skull.

"Do you have demands?" Brooks presses, holding up a firm hand to keep Agent Mitchell from protesting.

"Demands?" Bruno blinks, the wheels of his brain spinning. "Yeah...Sure. Demands. I've got some."

"Well...What are they?" Mitchell asks, blindly following Brooks' lead.

"Lay them out for us," Brooks urges.

"I...I'm, uh..." Bruno stammers. The strain of thinking through his trigger-happy haze is getting to him.

"Come on, anything you want," Brooks pushes. "Anything at all in the whole world. Anything that will keep you from hurting the woman I love."

The "L" word does it. Bruno's shock at hearing a badass biker sling "love" loosens his hold on me, just the tiniest bit. I gather every ounce of strength in my slight body, reverting back to my days of self-defense training at Quantico. I was the best in my class back then. We'll see if that pays off now.

I grab hold of Bruno's wrist and twist hard, hearing the joint crunch as his gun goes flying. An agonized yowl rips out of his throat as I cock my elbow and send it barreling into his sizable gut. I seize the bulky agent by the shoulders, draw back my knee, and slam it into his crotch. His voice cuts out in a ragged gargle as he topples onto the ground before me.

"That," I gasp, staring down at the fallen giant, "is for Belle, you maniacal prick."

At once, the swarm of law enforcement officers descend upon Jeff Bruno, cuffing and hauling him away to an armored van. He's too stunned to form words, but the look he shoots me is one of pure hatred. But I can't give too much of a shit, where Bruno's hurt feelings are concerned. Steadying myself against my beloved Mustang, I turn back to Brooks.

In a heartbeat, he's closed the space between us and scooped me up in his arms. The adrenaline that's been pumping through me drains out at once. I feel myself begin to tremble uncontrollably, going loose and limp in Brooks arms. He hugs me tightly against his body, the musky smell of his leather cut filling my senses. I blink back tears of joyful relief as Brooks rains kisses down on every inch of me he can reach.

"I thought I was going to lose you," he breathes, lifting my face to his.

"Lose me?" I say softly, finally finding my footing again, "Not a chance, Brooks."

I bring my lips fiercely to his, throwing my arms around his shoulders. The taste of him-sweeter than ambrosia, smoother than the finest whiskey-revitalizes me. I feel more alive than ever before, just moments after being a hair's breadth away from death.

Go figure.

"You really must love me, to say so in front of all these fine gentlemen," I laugh, nodding toward the bikers and cops behind us.

"I guess I really must," Brooks smiles down at me, his scruffy face breaking into a radiant smile.

I peer over his shoulder at the unlikely scene playing out behind us. Mitchell and Declan are standing toe-to-toe, with their respective armies behind them. As Brooks and I look on, they extend their hands toward each other and shake. Now I've officially seen everything.

"Agent Collins, are you OK?" Mitchell calls, beckoning me over.

"I'm fine," I tell him, striding across the hillside with Brooks next to me. "All in a day's work, right boss?"

"What you did was incredibly brave," Mitchell says, shaking his head. "You should be proud of yourself, Collins. Very proud."

"I know I am," Brooks says, slipping his arm around my waist.

Mitchell opens his mouth to speak, but lets out a surprised yelp instead as two lithe bodies knock him aside on their way toward me. Brooks steps back as Kassie and Kelly wrap me up in their arms, appearing from out of nowhere.

"You guys!" I exclaim, looking wildly between them, "What are you doing here?!"

"We were hiding behind the guys," Kassie gasps.

"What, you think we were gonna let them go without us?" Kelly scoffs. "Not on your life. Well...almost on your life, I guess."

"You guys are insane," I laugh, throwing my arms around them.

"Takes one to know one, sister," Kelly winks.

"Take your time, Collins," Mitchell tells me, "I think you've earned a few tearful hellos. I'm going to need you back at the field office ASAP, though. We need to get to the Lorenzo's before they know what's coming."

"Think you can finally take them down now?" Declan asks, coming forward to stand beside Kassie.

"Maybe," Mitchell nods, "as good a chance as any, at least."

"And all we had to do was get infiltrated by a mole first," Leo says, cocking an eyebrow at me.

I swallow hard, looking around at the assembled brothers. This whole time, I've been hoping that saving the clubs from Bruno would be enough to absolve me in their eyes. But what if they're still angry with me?

"I'm sorry everyone," I say, taking Brooks' hand in mine, "I know you must be furious. But I assure you-"

"Furious? We never had anything to hide." Declan says, stealing a glance at Leo. "Not to mention, you just delivered the Lorenzo family to the FBI on a silver platter. We should be throwing you a fucking party."

"There's a thought!" Kelly says excitedly.

"I'll see you back at the office," Mitchell says, shaking his head. "Your methods may be unconventional, but damn if you don't get results, Agent Collins."

I wrap my arm around Brooks' waist as the law enforcement officers disperse, leaving me alone the Wraiths and Nine once more. We wait until the last cop car has disappeared over the hill before erupting into celebratory cheers. We've shaken off Bruno and the Lorenzo Family, at long last. Well, at least for now. But as exciting as this moment is, I can't help but be a little nervous as the club presidents and VPs look me over.

"At some point," Mac says, crossing his arms, "we're going to have to talk about this whole undercover FBI agent business."

"Is that some point...right now?" I ask, tightening my grip on Brooks.

"Are you kidding?" laughs John Baxter. "Right now, we need to book it back to the Forty Five Club and buy you a celebratory drink."

"It's not like we're unused to secrets, around here," Kelly says, looking pointedly at Leo.

"That's for fucking sure," he laughs.

"Come on," Declan says, tugging Kassie playfully toward his bike, "let's go."

One by one, the members of the Devil's Wraiths and Dante's Nine hop back on their Harley's and take off. Only Brooks and I linger behind, taking our sweet time.

"Let's make a deal that this whole getting-a-gun-pointed-at-you thing doesn't become a habit, all right Red?" Brooks says, handing my helmet.

"I'm afraid I can't make any promises," I laugh, securing the half-shell over my hair.

"When he had you there...Babe, I haven't been scared like that since I was a kid," Brooks admits, "I can't let anything like that happen to you again. I don't think I could take it."

"And what about you?" I ask, circling my arms around his waist. "You gonna promise to stay out of trouble, too?"

"Come on," Brooks laughs, "you see what my world is like. You know I can't make a promise like that."

"Then we seem to be at a bit of an impasse," I smile. "We live dangerously, Brooks. There's no way either of us can promise to stay safe. We're wired to take risks. The best we can promise is to try our hardest to keep one step ahead of the game. To make it through."

"For each other," Brooks grins, pulling me tightly against him. "I think I can live with a promise like that. Just as long as I'm still allowed to beat down any motherfucker that tries to mess with you."

"You do you, babe," I laugh reaching up to run my fingers through his tumbling curls, "But right now, could you just do me a favor and kiss me?"

"You'll never have to beg a kiss from me, Red," Brooks says, lowering his lips swiftly to mine. It's a simple, searing kiss-sealing our promise to live for each other. "Oh, damn..." he mutters, breaking away for a moment, "Should I start calling you Quinn now? Agent Collins?"

"You know...I think Red's grown on me," I smile, "Let's stick with it, shall we?"

Epilogue

San Bernardino FBI Resident Agency

Two weeks later

"Well. Look what the cat dragged in," grumbles Chuck Jones, as he opens the door of his office to me.

"Nice to see you again too, Chuck," I laugh, wrapping my mentor up in a big old hug.

"I see you managed to not get shot. That's good," he chuckles, giving into my display of affection. "Seriously, Collins. I'm glad you made it through alright."

"More than alright," says Mitchell from across the office. He crosses the room to shake my hand. "I take it you've had some time to recuperate, Collins?"

I review the past two weeks in my mind. Partying with the MC's, screwing Brooks every which way, girl time with Kassie and Kelly...

"Yep. Very restorative time," I grin. "Just what the doctor ordered."

"You're lucky you didn't need a real doctor," Chuck says, shaking his head. "After that stunt with Bruno..."

"I did what I had to do," I shrug. "Once I started suspecting Bruno of foul play, I had to find a way to get a confession. He outranks me here. There was no way I was going to take him down on my word alone."

"I can't believe how blind I was," Mitchell mutters, "All through Operation Inferno Bruno was colluding with the Lorenzo's. And who knows who else over the course of his career. You think you know a guy..."

"You can't blame yourself, Agent Mitchell," I tell him, "I just had a...different perspective on the matter."

"I'll say," Chuck laughs. "Our resident biker chick."

"That's me," I wink.

"And the MC's...they don't hold it against you, the fact that you were gathering intelligence on them?" Mitchell asks, raising an eyebrow.

"It'll take time for me to earn their trust back, but it paid off in the end," I shrug, "Assuming, that is, that the Lorenzo Family will be prosecuted for buying Bruno off?"

"Oh, that they will," Chuck nods. "We've got bank records from Jeff Bruno that will finally provide some hard evidence against them."

"And Bruno?" I press, "I assume he's getting locked up?"

"Fuck yes," Mitchell nods, "His assault against Ms. Taylor alone would be enough to put him behind bars. But his actions against the FBI, against his country...those will keep him locked up for sure."

"Good," I say resolutely, "We're lucky to be rid of him."

"There's always one bad seed to spoil the lot," Chuck says, "but we've weeded him out now, thanks to you."

"You really think there was just that one bad seed?" I laugh, "I'm starting to think that things aren't as black and white as all that, Jones."

"We recruit the best people we can," Mitchell says.

"Of course you do," I shrug, "But that doesn't guarantee a damn thing."

"What are you saying, Collins?" Jones asks, cocking an eyebrow at me.

"I'm saying..." I begin, trying to choose my words carefully. "I'm saying that I may be having a change of heart, concerning my career."

I watch as Mitchell and Jones catch my drift. There's no delicate way to go about this, I guess. But after all that's happened to me over the course of this case, I can't just go back to my old life here in San Bernardino.

"Are you saying...you'd like to do something else within the FBI?" Mitchell asks slowly.

"Not exactly," I tell him with a bittersweet smile, "I'm saying I'd like to explore other options...altogether."

"You want to leave?" Chuck asks. It breaks my heart to hear the edge of sadness in his voice, "But you just nailed this case, Collins. You could have any assignment you wanted here. Really make a difference."

"That's the thing," I shrug, "I'm not sure if this is where I can make the most of my skills. Make the most of my life. I guess I'm just looking to find the place I'm happiest, gentlemen. And I don't think that place is at the FBI."

"No. It's in some biker bar or other, right?" Mitchell asks, surly to be losing a good agent.

"Perhaps," I shrug, "it remains to be seen. But I'll never forgive myself if I don't at least see what else is out there."

"We'll need you to testify against Bruno," Mitchell says, back to business at once.

"Oh, gladly," I smile, "but after that, I'll be taking an indefinite leave of absence."

"What are you going to do in the meantime, other than learn to shoot pool and ride a Harley?" Chuck asks.

"I've been offered a full time position at CrowdedNest," I reply. "It's a good, solid operation they have going there. I think it will do a lot of people a ton of good. It'll be nice to do something good for the world...that doesn't involve gun fights and maniacal rogue agents."

"Can't argue with that logic," Chuck laughs softly, "but we'll miss you around here, Collins. I'll miss you."

"I'll miss you too, you grumpy old bastard," I say, reaching into my purse, "but I hope you'll take this parting gift as a token of my everlasting affection."

Chuck lets out a barking laugh as I hand him a crumpled package of Hostess cupcakes-the very same gift he gave me to mark my two-year anniversary at the FBI. It's hard to believe that it was only a month or so ago that we were marking that occasion. How quickly things can change when you follow your heart.

"It's been a pleasure working with you," Mitchell tells me, "I hope we'll see you back in these parts someday."

"If this case has taught me anything," I reply, "It's that anything at all can happen."

I see myself out of Chuck's office, making my way through the dead-eyed office that I once called home. In those days, I was all but invisible to my coworkers. But today, their weary eyes follow me as I make my way past. In a few short weeks, I feel as though I've transformed into a whole new person. A whole new woman. And I know who's partly responsible for that.

The California sunlight warms my bare arms as I burst out the front doors. I take a huge gulp of fresh air, a wide grin breaking across my face. I feel as though the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders. After all this sneaking, pretending, deceiving, I'm finally free to be myself. To be with the people I've come to love and respect. One, in particular.

"You coming or what, Red?" I hear Brooks call.

I turn to see my man leaning against his Harley across the parking lot. His tall, perfectly balanced form is an absolute vision. The inky black leather of his cut gleams in the sunlight as he draws on a Marlboro, his emerald eyes shining in the sun. The second I glance his way I feel that now-familiar tightening between my thighs. There's nothing standing in our way, now that I've cut ties with the FBI. I'm free to be his, to take him for my own. I can hardly fathom what that means for us as a pair, but I know that it's going to be so, so good.

"They didn't try to cuff you to your desk, then?" Brooks asks, as I walk toward him.

"I wouldn't have let them if they tried," I smile, plucking the cigarette from his mouth and taking a long drag, "I've got better places to be these days."

"Such as?" Brooks grins, placing his hands firmly on my hips.

"Pretty much anywhere you and I can be alone," I reply, closing the space between our bodies, "now that I'm a free woman, and all."

"Now that's a plan I can get behind," he growls, snatching the smoke from my lips and crushing it beneath his heel. "Hop on."

We climb onto his Harley, settling against each other as if we've been together for years. It may seem crazy, but that's exactly how it feels with Brooks. I lean my cheek against the back of his cut as he revs the engine to life. The powerful machine vibrates like crazy between my legs as I wrap my arms tightly around Brooks' sculpted torso. He swings the bike around the parking lot, heading for the open road. I glance back at the resident agency-that dinky little building that owned me for two years of my life. It's amazing how small it seems now, as it disappears behind us.

I can't stop smiling as we fly along the open road, en route back to Nevada. With every passing minute, another bit of my old life falls away. I have no way of knowing how this decision of mine is going to play out. But it's enough to know that I've made a decision of my own, for once. I'm not just letting things be decided for me. At last, I'm in control.

It's a feeling I could certainly get used to.

Night begins to gather around us as we make our way ever forward. Little by little, the sun sinks toward the horizon, revealing a dizzying canopy of stars. My red curls fan out behind me as the wind catches them, and my spirit soars with all the strength and speed of the Harley beneath us. Right now, anything in the world seems possible.

As we bear down on Vegas, I recognize the roads leading toward the Forty-Five Club. But just before we reach that rollicking bar, Brooks turns off down a dusty dirt road instead. I look up at him questioningly, but he keeps his eyes trained forward as we trundle along. We drive out to a secluded overlook, far away from any prying eyes. A low throbbing starts in my core as I realize that Brooks has made good on finding us a place to be alone. He rolls the Harley to a stop, lifting the helmet off his chestnut curls.

"Here we are," he grins, looking over his shoulder at me.

"Nice place," I say lightly, running my hands down his cut arms.

"I thought you'd like it," he says.

I cry out in surprise as he turns and scoops me up, drawing me into his lap. I straddle him right there on the bike. Wrapping my arms around his shoulders, I can't help but let my hips grinds against him, ever-so-softly. Brooks runs his hands down my back, pulling me close. His lips find the tender skin of my throat, kissing along my neck and collarbone.

"Thank you, Brooks," I whisper, taking myself off guard.

"For what?" he murmurs, catching my face in his hands.

"For...all of this," I say, gesturing to the wide open space around us. "For showing me how exciting life can be. For showing me what it's like to be wanted. And loved. And all at the same time."

"You never have to thank me for that," Brooks says firmly, his green gaze cutting through to my very soul. "We saved each other, Red. But that doesn't mean we owe each other. Besides...I can think of far more exciting ways for us to show our gratitude..."

A low groan slips from my throat as he places his hands on my thighs, inching upward.

"Sounds good to me..." I sigh, clasping my fingers behind his neck.

"But for the record," he says, letting his fingertips brush against the inseam of my jeans, "I'm glad you happened along, Quinn. Even if it was to bring down our MC."

I open my mouth to protest, but can only manage to moan softly as Brooks strokes his fingers along my sex. There will be plenty of time for banter later, I'm sure. Right now there's only one thing I want.

"Let's do it," I grin, "Right here. Right now."

"On the Harley?" Brooks asks, grinning deviously.

"Hell yeah," I laugh, whipping open his belt buckle.

"Red," he says, running his fingers through my hair, "I'm starting to think that you might just be the perfect woman."

But words fall away as our lips come together. The pieces of clothing we cast off onto the dusty ground are like the final scraps of who I used to be, fluttering away on the breeze. If this is my initiation into the MC life, I can't wait to see what the future holds.

THE END

