Chapter 1

Gabriella Smith cringed inwardly as the repetitive, techno-rap music started up again. The loud, thumping, pulse pounding techno sound vibrated around her, pulsing rhythmically with the same throbbing beat as the pain in her head. Her headache was growing stronger as she listened, or tried to listen, to the other women in her group. The music was so loud, she had no idea what half of them were saying but she smiled as if she were thrilled by the environment.

The only reason Gabby was still here was because her best friend, Margaret Baker, was getting married. This was her bridal shower, although why it was being held in a dark dance club with headache inducing, pulsing lights instead of in Gabby's small home with lots of wine and a pretty, flower covered cake was specifically due to none other than Sylvia Henslow, debutante extraordinaire and obnoxious cousin of the groom. Maggie had found the love of her life about a year ago with Mark Henslow. Unfortunately, as with most marriages, he came with a lot of family.

Sylvia's idea of bridal shower games was significantly different than Gabby's preference. Instead of the trivia games about the bride and groom or even the more daring lingerie theme, Sylvia had commanded that they all play a 'fishing' game. It was Sylvia's job to challenge each of the members of the bridal shower entourage to a new sport where the men attending the dance club were the unknowing victims...or targets as Sylvia preferred to call them. The others in the group chose the quarry and the selected bridal shower member had thirty minutes to get the guy to buy her a drink. If she failed in the allotted time, she had to buy everyone else a round of drinks.

For Sylvia and several other members of the bridal shower, this was not an issue except for their pride. Their trust funds had plenty of cash flow to cover several rounds of drinks every night of the week if needed. But Maggie's other friends, Gabby included, thought that paying fifteen to twenty dollars per drink was a bit exorbitant. With fifteen members of the party, that many drinks would put a serious dent in the members of the group who had to work for a living.

The alcohol was flowing though and everyone else was on their fourth or fifth drink. Gabby was still sipping her first one and had barely finished a quarter of the potent mixture, not liking the feeling of being inebriated and the out of control issues associated with overindulgence. She had no idea what was in the cocktail, but even the small amount she'd ingested in the last hour was starting to impact her thinking capacity.

Gabby loved Maggie, was extremely happy that she'd found Mark and was excited for her friend's future. But this 'party' was a bit too obnoxious for her taste. Gabby also knew that Maggie wasn't having a good time either. She'd known her best friend since grade school and recognized the irritated facial expressions easily, although Sylvia was oblivious and on her way to becoming completely smashed.

Gabby forced a smile for Debra, one of the other guests who had just returned victorious with her drink held high in the air as if it were some sort of trophy. Gabby considered the whole concept was disgusting and in poor taste, not to mention abusive to the men who thought they were getting a dance companion in exchange for the drink.

She glanced to the side, not wanting to participate in the victory celebration. Looking away, her eyes were riveted by a broad shouldered, dark haired man who was sitting off to the side. He looked dangerous, with a hawk-like nose and dark, sinister eyes. She could tell that he was very tall simply by the way his long legs were positioned in front of him. With the low couches, his legs barely fit between the edge of the sofa and the table in front of him. He didn't look uncomfortable though. In fact, he looked like he owned the whole dance club. He exuded a confidence that suggested wealth and power. And some un-definable attribute that was eye-catching...alluring. Dangerously enticing.

When he turned his head, she gasped as he caught her glance. Gabby quickly looked way, focusing on the other women who were laughing at Debra's recounting of her triumph, ridiculing the man who had been suckered out of his money for a drink only to find himself alone as Debra took her prize and walked away, leaving the poor guy standing by the bar wondering why he was suddenly alone and out forty bucks. Maggie smiled up at her, then turned her head as she rolled her eyes in Gabby's direction. Gabby smothered a laugh and turned away as well so the others wouldn't be offended by their amusement. But as soon as Maggie politely turned her attention back to Debra, Gabby looked back at the man, wanting just another quick look.

She gasped when she found him staring right back at her! Why hadn't he turned away? He wasn't playing the game right. Here in this dance club, men and women looked towards one another, then pulled their gaze away, pretending to not be interested in each other until one of them made the first move. It was a power struggle that was played out over and over again amongst these wealthy patrons but this man was simply staring back at her without worrying that Gabby might think he was weak for showing his interest.

Okay, to be fair, there was really no way anyone could think that this man was weak. His black turtleneck hugged his broad shoulders and bulging biceps, showing off muscles that the other men in the room could only wish they had.

Gabby pulled her eyes away and refocused on the group. They were putting in their drink orders, Sylvia offering to buy the next round and nominating Maggie for the following set of drinks if their subsequent candidate failed. Gabby wasn't so sure that was fair, seeing as how Maggie was the guest of honor.

Jenny was up next for the man versus drink challenge and all of the ladies were glancing about the bar and dance floor, trying to find Jenny's male victim.

"Oh my goodness!" Sylvia gasped. All eyes turned towards her, waiting until Sylvia closed her overly glossed mouth and explained her shock. "Don't look now, but you're never going to guess who is sitting about thirty feet to our left."

Gabby's stomach clenched with fear of what Sylvia was about to say. Was it her man? The guy she'd spotted a moment ago? She couldn't look, didn't want to know. And yet her eyes looked up just at that moment.

Debra obviously didn't follow Sylvia's command to 'not look' since she too gasped when her eyes took in the delectable, tall male sitting on the nearest sofa by himself. "It's Damon Petrov! Isn't he the yummiest?" Debra was saying. "I love it when the filthy rich ones are also handsome."

Gabby's heart sank when she noticed that it was indeed the man in question. Two other women had somehow found a way to sit next to the man, both were barely covered by the material of their dresses and leaning towards him with a look that shouted, "I'm yours! Take me!" One brazen woman was clad in a metallic looking dress that was so low in the front it was almost indecent and there was absolutely nothing on her back until the material covered her round little bottom. The second woman was wearing a red dress that clung to every curve of her body. She might as well be naked since nothing was left to the imagination.

Gabby looked away, swallowing past the lump in her throat as she watched the two women sit down next to the handsome man, disappointment creating a metallic taste in her mouth. She continued to keep her eyes focused on her drink while the women surrounding her leaned forward eagerly, discussing the man in question. She didn't want to hear, but their excitement and mercenary interest broke through even the loud, pounding music.

Was this jealousy she was feeling? Towards a stranger? That was ridiculous! She'd never even met the guy, didn't know his name and had only looked at him across the room. Being jealous of someone she didn't know and had no claim on was not healthy.

"Isn't he that billionaire communications guy?" Debra asked, actually licking her lips in anticipation of meeting the man in question.

Sylvia nodded eagerly, her eyes showing that she was mentally calculating the man's net worth. "The one and only. He was on the cover of one of last month's magazine as one of the world's richest men." Silvia continued to strain her neck to get a better look at him, her eyes alight with anticipation. Gabby hated the idea of the man in question falling for Sylvia's blond sleekness. But there was no help for it. Sylvia was so stunning and confident, no man stood a chance of resisting when she approached.

Debra suddenly let out a burst of harsh, nasty laughter. "Uh oh. Those little wannabees were rejected pretty quickly," Debra said, laughing maliciously.

Gabby wasn't sure what had happened. She dared a look back over and noticed that the man was alone once again. And staring right at her!

Gabby blushed and looked away, that wretched feeling instantly dissipating when she saw that the man in question wasn't with those tramps.

"Gabby! This guy is all yours," Maggie called out, turning to Gabby and raising her glass for encouragement.

Sylvia snickered and looked across their small space at Gabby in her borrowed dress and shoulder length brown hair with curls going in every direction. "There's no way Gabby could get Damon Petrov to buy her a drink," the spiteful woman declared and stood up.

Debra stood up as well. "No way, Syl. I get this one!" she said and both women started forward, determined to approach the man and win a place in his bed for the rest of the evening.

Gabby gasped and moved her legs out of the way quickly. Sylvia and Debra weren't paying the bridal shower any attention in their quest to reach the mysterious Damon Petrov.

Maggie moved over so she was sitting next to Gabby. "What a twisted mind," Maggie said so that only Gabby could hear. "She puts new meaning to the term gold digger."

Gabby couldn't help but laugh and nod her head, but she didn't want to watch the two beautiful blond women approach Mr. Petrov. She knew that one of them would be successful and she hated the idea. She didn't want him for herself. No, that was out of the question. Mr. Petrov was completely out of her league. She was a website designer with muddy brown hair and boring blue eyes. Even the dress she was wearing was borrowed from Maggie earlier tonight. The green and turquoise chiffon dress floated around her, hugging her breasts with a deep V that showed off the inside swells of her breasts before floating downward past the empire waist to about mid-thigh. This wasn't anything like what she would normally wear, but she wouldn't ordinarily be in a dance club. Maggie had lent her the dress, and the matching shoes so that she wouldn't feel out of place.

But even in the borrowed dress, she still couldn't compare to the sultry, unashamed sexuality that Sylvia and Debra conveyed effortlessly. Those women were the types that would appeal to a man as blatantly sexual as Damon Petrov. He was dark and dangerous and his broad shoulders screamed sex.

But as they approached, sitting down as close as possible to the man in question, they were immediately and unceremoniously ejected by the guards who magically appeared, taking each woman's elbow and pulling them back off the seats.

Damon watched with disgust as two more blonds began their approach. With a flick of his wrist, Justin and Marco stepped in and took care of the situation. He hadn't come here to find a woman. He was here to find his brother. His information told him that Yuri frequented this establishment often so here he was, lying in wait for his absent minded brother, listening to music that was beyond annoying and swatting away women who were little better than prostitutes. He knew that everything came with a price. He'd grown up on the streets, fighting for the survival of him and his brother and the basic rule of the streets was that nothing was free.

If he hadn't needed to check in with Yuri, who had been ignoring his phone calls for the past few weeks, Damon wouldn't ever have stepped foot into this night club. But Yuri was the only family he had and Damon became worried when his little brother didn't check in with him. Yuri wouldn't do anything illegal, but that didn't mean some miscreant wouldn't take advantage of him. Yuri spent most of his time in a university library, reading and working on his dissertation. Every once in a while, he stuck his head up for breath and came out dancing. It was such a contradiction to Yuri's normal lifestyle, but Damon supposed that everyone needed an escape in some way.

This particular club was on the more obnoxious end. The women might not blatantly be selling their bodies, but they definitely weren't free. Succeeding in business had only reinforced that knowledge. His communications firm was one of the largest in the world and he had plans to expand even further, doing so by understanding the way the world worked in all aspects of society. He swallowed up weaker companies almost weekly in order to expand his business reach and had no qualms about exploiting other businesses' weaknesses. It was the law of the streets, he told himself. The only way to survive was to crush one's competition.

He didn't even care that some people hated him with an all consuming passion for the way he did business. Everything he did was legal but if the competition was too slow or too stupid to find the cracks in their empire, he was more than happy to show them how their empires could crumble.

Yuri, on the other hand, had been weaker growing up in Moscow, less enthusiastic about business and ambition. His asthma had almost killed him during the bitterly cold nights when they were barely finding shelter for the nights. Warehouses, barns, abandoned stores...anything that would keep a bit of the cold out was fair game during the years after their mother died and they were out in the streets.

Perhaps Damon should have made Yuri fend for himself more often. Maybe then he would have a better sense of himself. Instead, Damon had protected his younger brother, fought his battles, brought him food, watched out for him.

And when Damon's business sense clicked in, it had been Damon who had succeeded while Yuri preferred the intellectual challenges of literature. Initially, Yuri had managed several of the initial phases of the business, but his true calling was to read, discuss what he'd read, share his insights with students and anyone who would listen and, perhaps in the next few years, write something that someone else might read and discuss. Damon certainly hoped so.

Until then, Damon would keep tabs on his little brother, just like he'd done throughout their whole lives. Yuri was too sensitive and eager to view the world as it was portrayed in his stories. In reality though, there weren't any heroes or damsels in distress. Just one person trying to get ahead in any way possible, stepping over the smaller person to get that edge.

So here he was, waiting for his brother to show up. His personal body guards, Marco and Justin, standing off to the side to protect his little brother if someone seemed to be too eager to get to know either Yuri if he showed up, or Damon while he waited for his brother to show up. What a mess, he thought and glanced back at the petite brunette across the floor. He stared at her, willing her to look at him. She was cute, completely different than the barely dressed women that were gyrating around him on the dance floor and he was just trying to figure out a way to approach her when she glanced over at him.

The shock that went through him at that moment was intense and he leaned forward, keeping her eye contact for a long moment before she bowed her head and looked away. Damn! She was gorgeous! He'd only seen her profile, but he could see that she had blue eyes all the way from this distance. And her cat-like eyes weren't even her best feature! Those high cheekbones were worthy of a model and those lips! He wanted to taste those lips, feel them and know what it would be like to kiss her. The fullness of her rosebud mouth was sexy in an innocent, don't-touch-me kind of way.

When she peeked up through those lashes again, he was still watching her. Normally, he would have approached by now, not wanting to wait for something but going after what he wanted with a powerful force that left nothing to chance. But he was still reeling from the impact of her look, reveling in the feeling of knowing that she was looking back.

Yes. He would have her.

When the two blonds sat down on either side of him, he looked across the room at his little woman. He felt a stab of pain when he noticed the disappointed look in her eyes and immediately got rid of the women and their barely covered breasts. For some reason, he wasn't interested in the blatant call of sexuality tonight. The shy woman sitting with the group of revelers fascinated him, challenged him in a way he hadn't felt in a long time.

He knew the instant her group of friends recognized him and his irritation increased. He was just about to stand up and ask his woman if she wanted to get out of this place when two of the woman in her group stood up, almost tripping over themselves to approach him.

When they stepped on his woman's toes, he just about yelled out, but instead, waited patiently for them to approach before waving to Justin and Marco to disperse them. With a simple look, his guards knew to not be polite about the eviction.

He almost chuckled at their offended expressions. He knew they were more embarrassed than anything else. He didn't care one bit but his eyes moved directly back to his little woman, wondering why she was in that group. About half the women looked like they belonged in a tea shop with pretty little cakes and dainty lemonade while the other half looked as if they were the typical, pointless society women who flitted from party to party without any sense of responsibility.

He was just about to stand up and approach her when he saw the rest of the group address her. His eyes narrowed as he watched her reaction. The lights were dim so he wasn't sure, but he thought he saw her face pale as the catty woman spoke.

"Since Damon Petrov seems to be so fascinated with you," Sylvia sneered, "I'm challenging you to the test. Come back with a drink he's bought or you're on the hook for all the drinks." She paused a moment before saying, "And I think I'm in the mood for Perrier-Jouet next." She glanced at the rest of the women, half of whom nodded while the other half, the half that Gabby and Maggie normally hung out with, looked uncomfortable and glanced downward.

"I think I'm in the mood for a bit of seltzer water," Maggie stated. "It's time to lighten up on the drinks."

Half of them nodded, relieved to have an excuse to not order a bottle of champagne that could cost several thousand dollars. It was outrageous even for Sylvia's extravagant allowance.

Gabby looked back at the malicious woman with a wide-eyed look and wasn't sure what to do. It suddenly felt like high school all over again with the petty competitions for the best outfit or smoothest hair style. She'd hated it back then, and now that she was an adult, she refused to accept that kind of small mindedness.

She turned to Maggie and whispered in her ear, apologizing for her early departure. "I'm sorry Maggie, but this is ridiculous. And as maid of honor, I owe you a real bridal shower. I promise not to let it get high-jacked next time." She stood up and glanced at the others, but ignored Sylvia's smirk and Debra's jealous look. "Everyone, thank you for including me tonight, but I have to head out. This isn't my kind of scene and I don't like treating people in this manner." She received applause and cheers from the more conservative half of the group. Obviously several of the others had been feeling the same thing but were too intimidated by the debutants' cattiness to say something. That actually made Gabby feel stronger, more in control and powerful.

Maggie laughed and was about to stand up but Gabby put a hand on her shoulder. "Don't worry, Maggs. I can get home on my own. Stay and dance, have a great time. I'll talk to you tomorrow."

With as much dignity as possible, Gabby picked up her purse and turned on her heel. She didn't even glance at the smirking Sylvia and Debra, ignoring the way they put their heads together as if they were gossiping about her inability to hook up with a man like Mr. Petrov. With her head held high, she started walking through the crowd but instead of turning towards the man in question, she walked in the opposite direction. She wished she had the courage to talk to him, at least say hello or introduce herself, but that really wasn't her style. Well, to be perfectly honest, she didn't really have a style when it came to picking up men. She tended to tread very carefully with the men she went out with, usually accepting dates only from men she knew well and were already friends with.

She grimaced as she headed for the exit, knowing that her current 'modus operandi' wasn't working too well for her since she was twenty-five and still single. Not that twenty-five was old. But she'd only had two significant relationships, and neither had resulted in an intimate, physical relationship because the men hadn't fascinated her enough to take the plunge into a sexual bond.

She smiled politely at several men who tried to step in her way, but kept on walking, showing them with her body language that she was not interested.

Unfortunately, she might not be interested for a long time after seeing her mystery man. How does one go back to sipping tap water when one has seen the champagne? The men who were trying to stall her exit all seemed like milk toast compared to that man Sylvia and Debra had called Damon Petrov. Even from a distance he had increased her pulse. She didn't want to deal with any of this, besides, it was late and she wanted to just fall asleep in her warm, comfortable bed and not think about this disastrous evening until tomorrow morning, when she could start planning Maggie's real bridal shower and not some sham of a dance club fiasco.

"You left a very angry group of women behind," a deep voice said from the side of the lobby. The music was much softer from this area and Gabby swung around, wanting to find the source of that sexy voice. It couldn't be him! Could it?

There he was, in the flesh and walking towards her. She looked up at him as if he were some sort of approaching god and she knew she should close her mouth and appear casual, but this man was even more handsome up close. And goodness he was tall! She had to tilt her head back to look up at him when he stopped about a foot away from her.

"I'm sorry?"

"Your friends? They were very angry that you walked out on their fun." He let that sink in then stepped slightly closer. "You should have risen to their challenge," he said more softly. "You would have won the bet."

Gabby tried to concentrate on what he was saying, but she was having trouble breathing with his spicy male scent filling her nostrils. "Excuse me?" she asked, her voice sounding as if she'd just run a marathon. She even liked the lilting accent. It was barely there, but still noticeable and it gave each of his words a texture that wasn't apparent when Americans spoke.

Damon reached down and touched a soft curl that looked as if it were tickling her cheek. "The bet," he repeated. "The challenge where you have to get a man to buy you a drink or you owe the rest of the ladies a round of drinks?"

She nodded stupidly, ashamed that he'd already understood their game.

"You should have taken them up on the bet. You would have won." He slid his hand into the pockets of his dark slacks again. "In fact, I would be honored if you would allow me to buy you a drink now."

Gabby swallowed, not sure how to respond. She was about to shake her head, then thought back to all the men she'd passed on her way out. Was she really going to pass up the opportunity to get to know this man? To sit across the table from him and find out what he was like? "A drink would be very nice. But only under two conditions."

He smiled slightly, enjoying her soft, flowery perfume. "What's that?" he asked, leaning down slightly so he could hear her more clearly.

"I get to buy you that drink and we make it coffee or something less potent than the brew I was drinking inside." She watched his eyes, wondering if he was going to laugh at her. She couldn't help it. The drinks hadn't been enjoyable, containing too much alcohol.

He didn't laugh and she saw only admiration and interest in his eyes. "Coffee sounds great," he said, not committing to letting her buy him anything. "Let's go," he said and took her hand, tucking it into his elbow with an old fashioned flair which Gabby thought was charming.

There was actually a coffee shop right across the street and he led her quickly through the heavy street traffic and into the small, cozy cafe. She ordered herbal tea and he asked for an espresso, then he found them a small table over by the window so they could watch the traffic pass by.

"I'm Damon Petrov, by the way," he said as soon as they were sitting down. He stuck out his hand and Gabby tentatively put her smaller one into his large, masculine hand.

"I'm Gabriella Smith," she said, her heart rate increasing once again with his warm touch. "Pleased to meet you."

"I'm also very pleased to meet you Gabriella. I wanted to introduce myself from the first moment I saw you."

"Everyone calls me Gabby," she replied, pushing her curls out of her face and tucking her hair behind her ears.

"You're a very beautiful woman. Why were you with that group?"

It sounded as if he thought she didn't fit in with them. He was right, but she bristled slightly, thinking that it was criticism. "It was my best friend's bridal shower. She's marrying Marc Henslow in a week."

Damon nodded. "I know Marc. He's a smart man."

Gabby's eyes widened. "How do you know Marc?"

He laughed softly. "I know many people."

She smiled back at him, starting to relax as the hot tea eased the tension that had accumulated from her venture into the night club. As soon as she started talking to him, she relaxed even more and enjoyed the lyrical sound of his accent. The man might look intimidating, but he was actually a very kind gentleman. She had no concept of time as they laughed and talked about various subjects, one topic rolling to another. She was fascinated by his facial features, entranced when he laughed at anything she said and wanted to make him laugh again and again.

As the night grew old, she thought she saw things in him, in his expressions, that made her want to ease something that she sensed was hurting inside of him. He didn't talk about himself much, but their conversation revolved more around opinions, politics or various places they'd visited. But something in his eyes told her that he'd lived a very hard life. The man might have anything he wanted at his fingertips now, but instinctively she knew that hadn't always been the case. She found out that he was born in Moscow but had lived all over the world, but he didn't share much more than that before he changed the subject.

She saw his hands and they were not the hands of a wealthy man. Taking his hand in hers, she turned it over and examined the roughness she found, amazed that someone Sylvia would describe as one of the wealthiest men in the world wouldn't have soft, perfectly manicured hands. There were calluses, she realized as her fingers rubbed the rough spots gently with her fingertips. And his fingers were long and lean, but they were also hard, well used hands. She wanted to soothe the struggle inside of him but didn't know him well enough to even suggest such a thing.

She glanced out the window and her eyes caught sight of Maggie and the rest of the bridal shower coming out of the dance club. "Oh my," Gabby said and looked down at her watch. "It's already three o'clock in the morning," she gasped. "I can't believe how much time has passed." She looked across the table at him, surprise showing on his face as well. "I apologize. I didn't mean to take up so much of your time."

"Nonsense. I've enjoyed this time with you," he said, surprised that he really had had a good time. It was the first time in....ever...he'd sincerely enjoyed the company of a female in a non-sexual activity.

"I'll drive you home," he said and tossed down several bills to cover the cost of their coffee and tea.

"You can't do that!" she said and shoved the money back across the table, reaching for her purse. "That was our deal. I get to pay for our drinks."

She pulled out her wallet and dropped some money there, then shoved it back into her purse. She was flustered and not sure where this night would lead. She sincerely wanted to see Damon again, wanted to talk with him and make him laugh another time. But she didn't know what he wanted. Perhaps tonight was just his way of getting out of the dance club un-accosted by aggressive females.

Damon shook his head and picked up her money a moment after she turned away. He put his own money back and slipped her bills back into her purse as she pulled her sweater over her shoulders. "Where do you live?" he asked.

Gabby looked up at him, not sure how to respond. "You don't need to drive me home," she said softly. "It's late and I'm sure you're tired."

He put a hand to her shoulder as she started to turn away. "Gabriella, there is absolutely no way I'm going to allow you to get home by yourself. So you either let my driver take you home alone and I'll catch a cab, or we head to your place together and I see for myself that you're safely home. It's too late for me to allow you to head home without protection."

Gabby thought he was charming. "That's very sweet of you, but completely unnecessary."

"Are you going to stand there and argue with me?" he asked, towering over her with amusement turning up those firm, sexy lips of his. "Or are you going to let me make sure you get home safely? Because I'm bigger and stronger and meaner than you are and that means there's absolutely no way you're going to win this argument."

In the end, she wanted to spend more time with him, so she allowed him to drive her home. Or, she allowed his driver to take her home. Sitting in the back of his luxurious limousine, she felt like a princess on a magic carpet, the vehicle was so smooth with none of the street sounds entering the dimly lit cabin. In no time at all, they were pulling up outside of her small, cottage style house.

The light over her front door was inviting her and she stepped out of the car, surprised when he was right behind her. She walked silently to her door, her fingers nervously holding the keys to her house. When she reached the door, she unlocked it and turned to thank him. But with her mouth open, no sound escaped. He was so tall, so handsome...and she saw the same thing in his eyes that she knew was shining out from hers. Desire.

He slowly bent to kiss her, letting his lips caress hers, rubbing back and forth, testing her to see if she would push him away. But there was no way she would do that. She'd been thinking about what it would be like to be kissed by this man ever since she'd seen him at the dance club. She savored this moment, reveling in the electric shocks that spun through her body. She moved closer, her fingers touching his cheek gently, caressing his jaw and his ear before her fingers dove into his very soft hair.

After that, she wasn't sure what happened. Except that she was lost in a haze of passion and lust so intense, she wasn't sure if she was on fire or just smoking up her house.

Within moments, they were both inside and the zipper of her dress was pulled down. It was only a matter of a tug and a push and the chiffon fell silently to the floor. His hand slid down her back, tracking where the zipper had once been and Gabby shivered, closing her eyes. Her fingers moved to his shirt and slid up his chest. She wanted to remove his shirt, but was too shy to do that on her own. She was almost completely naked but he stood there fully dressed and she didn't think that was fair, especially since she wanted very desperately to feel his skin just as he was doing to her.

"Please, may I touch you?" she whispered, her hands moving against him restlessly.

"Absolutely," he growled and pulled his black shirt out of his dark slacks, tossing the material behind him. He then took her hands and placed them against his chest, his breath hissing sharply as her fingers slid against his skin. "Yes! Just like that," he encouraged. His hands moved back down to her waist, his fingers sliding into her underwear and tugging them down.

Gabby stepped out of her underwear, holding onto his shoulders so she didn't fall, but when his hands moved higher to cup her breasts, she leaned into him, her legs unable to hold her upright for a long moment. The shock of feeling his fingers on her breasts was startling. And then his thumb rubbed over her nipple and she cried out, arching her body into his hand then biting her lip to stop any other sounds from coming out. Her bra was suddenly whisked away and then his hands were once again cupping both of her breasts. He lifted her up and placed her back onto the bed, coming down after her.

His hands held him above her and she looked at those hands, longing for him to touch her again. But he had other plans. Gabby watched with amazement as his head dipped down, his mouth taking her nipple and sucking. Hard.

She screamed out, her body almost sitting up as the heat spiked through her. Her fingers dove into his hair and she gripped the strands almost violently. When he lifted his head to move to the other one, she whimpered, in both anticipation and fear of that feeling. She couldn't let him stop though. Her hips moved beneath him, her legs rubbing against his and she couldn't seem to lay still. She needed more, something deeper and she couldn't think long enough to figure out how to control this.

"Damon, you've got to stop," she gasped and then felt his teeth nip at her tender nipple and she cried out again. He did it over and over again until she pulled his head up, her breathing coming in gasping breaths and she wasn't sure what she wanted any longer.

"I'm not going to stop, Gabriella. Just lay back and enjoy this," he said with a mysterious smile. His hands reached up for hers because they were holding his head away from her, an activity that he wouldn't allow. With a firm grip, he pried her hands away from his head and held them by her side. She was shaking her head as he moved lower, but her body was still telling him to continue. Even as he moved lower, her legs were still tightly wrapped around him. He kissed his way down her stomach, teasing and tickling and slowly, her legs relaxed enough for him to move lower still.

When he reached his goal, he smiled in anticipation. He could tell she was more than ready for him, but he wanted to taste her, to watch her climax. He held her hips still as she tried to scoot away from him and he released her hands so that he could use his own for his main purpose, which was to drive her absolutely insane with need.

When his mouth kissed her thigh, she took a shallow breath, her hands now clenching the comforter beside her. She couldn't move away and couldn't stop his mouth so he knew that she was bracing for this, and he held the anticipation out longer, enjoying the smell of her arousal which only made him ache harder.

When he finally kissed that most intimate part of her, he just about lost it as he tasted her sweetness. She was incredibly hot and his hands held her hips more tightly as her body tried to pull away from the intense feeling of his tongue. He slid a finger inside her, then two, while his tongue moved against her. In the end, he was almost disappointed that she climaxed so quickly. But the sight of her exploding was so arousing, he could barely contain himself. Moving higher, he didn't wait for her first orgasm to subside. He reached for his slacks and grabbed a condom, quickly putting it on as he watched her continue to move on the bed. When he was finished with the task, he held himself over her as he slid into her heat, thrilled when her body automatically made room for him. Her legs lifted, her knees by his hips and he plunged into her body.

And then froze. Her nails digging into his skin and the slight barrier told him that she'd never done this before. He pushed higher, unable to stop himself, but his mind whirled around the fact that this little tigress had been a virgin until moments ago.

How that was possible, he didn't know. She was too sensuous for him to have suspected this could be the case, but the proof was there and he slowed down, letting her body adjust to his size and his invasion.

When she opened her eyes and smiled at him, he knew that she was okay. More than okay, he thought when she shifted her hips against him, squeezing him with those muscles and he closed his own eyes to regain control. He would go slowly, he told himself. He wouldn't pound into her as his body was clamoring to do. He would be gentle and careful and....

Damn it felt good when she moved like that, he thought and tried to think of something, anything other than her hot, tight heat and how incredibly perfect she felt.

He moved again and again, but he'd never felt anything so incredible and when her body climaxed once again, he couldn't stop his body's response. Just a few more strokes and he was flying over the cliff himself, both amazed and ecstatic that this tiny woman could be so passionate.

Chapter 2

Gabby rolled over without opening her eyes, smiling up at the ceiling. Her body ached but there was such a sense of contentment, a feeling so completely filled with happiness, she'd never felt like this before.

The sun was high overhead and she knew that she should get up and start cleaning her house, which is what she normally did on Saturday. But she felt lazy and snuggled down into her pillow, wanting just a bit more time to relax before she ventured into the dreary task of housekeeping.

The pillow wasn't as soft as she remembered it and she shifted her body slightly, trying to find that comfortable spot once again. She was hot too. Why was it so hot? She hadn't turned on the heat last night, had she?

Last night....the dance club....coffee and tea....Damon! She gasped and sat up, looking down at her frilly bed covered in pink and white striped sheets and a fluffy, rose covered duvet. The man sleepily looking back at her was so large, he had to sleep diagonally in her bed and even then, his feet were still dangling off the end. "What are you doing here?" she whispered, pushing her curls behind her ears and grabbing the sheet to cover her nakedness.

"I was sleeping until you decided to get all warm and kitten-like on me," he growled and rolled over, taking her back down and pulling the sheet with him, revealing her swollen breasts, covered with pink spots where his beard had scraped her tender skin throughout the night.

Damon pulled her back down, his mouth nuzzling her neck, being careful to not hurt her skin any more than he already had. He'd tried to protect that beautiful skin last night, but the intensity of their lovemaking had, at times, obliterated his ability to be gentle.

Gabby gasped as his hands moved over her skin, his mouth tickling her neck and her mind quickly went back over all the things they'd done throughout the night. "What time is it?" she asked, glancing at the clock on her dresser several feet away. She had to put it out of reach because she had a tendency to press the snooze button without even waking up, making her late for work unless she tricked herself into getting out of bed.

"Oh no! It's past noon!"

His laugh was deep and sexy as he slid his hand down her side, enjoying the way she squirmed underneath him. "Since we didn't get to sleep until about five this morning, I don't think it's such a bad thing that it's already noon."

She gasped when his mouth covered her nipple and she closed her eyes. Could she really be ready for another round so quickly? How many times had they done this last night?

Did it matter? Her arms slipped around his shoulders while her legs automatically tangled with his. The man was an amazing lover, bringing her to an orgasm over and over again, unrelenting in his prowess and ignoring her shy responses, demanding more than she thought she had in her. Shyness was not allowed with Damon and he made her feel sexy and beautiful when she enjoyed something she previously thought was outside of her comfort zone. She felt incredible, if somewhat embarrassed to be in bed at this hour, not to mention more than a little shocked to be having sex with a man she'd known for such a short period of time.

But as his hands moved over her skin, there wasn't anything she could do but reach for him, following his lead and demanding more, more of his touch and more of his expert lovemaking. She should be embarrassed at how she gasped, wiggled and coaxed him, told him how to touch her and when to stop, start or shift, but he'd taught her that last night, or this morning. And she'd learned that he enjoyed it when she gave him feedback. She enjoyed hearing it from him as well and when she shoved him onto his back, her own mouth tasting him, moving over his stomach, then lower, she thrilled as his hands dove into her curls, massaging her scalp while she moved even lower.

She loved his growl when she took him into her mouth, tasting the essence of him as he groaned while her tongue teased him. He only allowed her to perform on him for a few minutes before he lifted her off and brought her to him. Since he was stronger and larger than she was, she couldn't avoid his hands when they lifted her up. He easily reversed their positions, he wouldn't relent, increasing the pressure with his tongue and his fingers until she was writhing underneath him, trying to move away but his hands kept her captive and his mouth driving her crazy. Only when she finally exploded from his ministrations would he release his hold of her hips and move higher, kissing her breasts, tickling her neck and smiling at the delirious grin on her face while he shook his head. "Not over, my dear." He chuckled as he pulled her legs higher, giving his body more access to slide between her legs and pulled another condom from somewhere, sliding it on as he looked down at her. "You're really beautiful like this," he groaned and his erection probed her softness, closing his eyes as he found her heat and slid inside of her. "And you drive me so crazy."

Gabby couldn't believe that he could make that claim when she was the one who had been screaming out only moments before. But as soon as he entered her, his body filling her up, taking her higher and higher, she could barely breathe. Her hips rose up to meet his, her body arching, craving the friction and her need finally exploding as her body splintered into a thousand pieces once again. On and on it went, wave after incredible wave of pleasure filling her up as he continued, moving inside of her faster and faster until he pulled her tight, his jaw clenched and his head thrown back while he reached his own climax.

Long moments later, she sighed as he pulled her into his arms, adjusting her limp form against him so that she was almost laying on top of him, content to just listen to his heart beat slow to a more steady rhythm once again.

It seemed like they stayed like that for hours, but it was probably just a few minutes before she realized how hungry she was. "I need food," she groaned, stretching her legs and lifting her head to peer up at him.

He glanced down with a raised eyebrow. "I can only satisfy one appetite at a time," he said, but hugged her gently. "I'll have Justin get us some food."

Gabby was confused for a long moment, then her eyes widened and she pushed away, sitting up in the bed and pulling the sheet over her. "Please tell me those two gentlemen that were with you last night haven't been outside all night."

Damon shrugged his shoulders. "I suspect one has been in the car while the other patrolled the perimeter of your property. Or they could have called in the second shift. I don't really know."

Gabby pushed her hair out of her eyes and looked out her open window. "Second shift?" she asked, her voice wary and confused.

"I have more than two men on my security team. They rotate shifts so that there is coverage day and night."

She looked back at him, her hunger suddenly gone. "Why do you need so much protection?" she whispered. Her heart actually ached at the idea of someone hurting this man. He might be large and intimidating, but a bullet shot from a distance could break through even that impossible arrogance of his. She didn't like the idea of anyone hurting him. She suspected that he'd been hurt enough in his life already.

He liked how she worried about him. The other women he'd been with thought that being with a man who had a security detail was a status symbol. He'd let them have their little power trip as long as they amused him. But those women had bored him quickly. He suspected that Gabriella was not going to fall into that category and he looked down at her with something akin to gentleness, an emotion that wasn't a normal part of his personality. "Let's get you something to eat and not worry about things that are under control, shall we?" he asked and stood up, pulling her with him. "What are you in the mood to eat?"

Gabby went along behind him but grabbed his large dress shirt as she passed by the chair where it had landed last night. She slipped one arm inside and tried to pull the other one, but he glanced back and shook his head. "You don't need that," he commented, but let her hand go so she could slip it on the other arm.

"I feel much more comfortable wearing this," she murmured. "I probably have something in the fridge. If you have the patience for me to cook."

"You don't have to do that," he said, picking up his phone.

Gabby peered into the cabinets and looked around. "How about spaghetti with red sauce and...." She peered into the fridge, "sauteed vegetables in fresh garlic?"

His hand froze on the buttons of his cell phone. "That sounds delicious. Can you really cook?"

She was already pulling out ingredients and pots to cook the spaghetti and sauce in. "I don't have crusty bread but I can work something out. She pulled a loaf of bread out of the freezer and popped it into the microwave to defrost. "You have to put some pants on," she said, glancing down at his pelvis, then quickly looking away with a painful blush.

Damon chuckled at her shyness, but in reality, he was delighted. "If it will make you feel better, I'll put something on. But be sure that you're prepared to have that shirt taken off. A woman who can cook is pretty rare and sexy as hell."

Gabby snorted as she took out a knife. He didn't respond but he smacked her bottom before heading out of the kitchen. He returned a moment later with his dark jeans on, riding low on his hips with those hard abs still on display since she was wearing his shirt. As Gabby stared at him, she wasn't sure that this was much better than his complete nakedness. There was just something about a man sporting a six pack and slacks that was....delicious and distracting.

She pulled her eyes away from those muscles and forced her eyes to focus on cooking. Looking around, she grabbed a knife, handing it to him so he wouldn't just stand there looking incredibly yummy.

"Here, you chop and I'll start on the sauce." She filled one pot with water, then added olive oil and fresh garlic for the sauce. She watched him as he carefully chopped up onions, mushrooms and olives. Thirty minutes later, she ladled pasta onto two plates, then piled that high with sauteed vegetables and a fragrant red sauce. The garlic bread didn't look like much, but she'd used real butter and freshly crushed garlic as well as some of the last of her summer basil. "All set. Here," she handed him a plate and headed into the dining room.

While he chopped, she snuck into the bedroom to get some underwear. Unfortunately, he wouldn't let her put on anything else. She felt a little self-conscious sitting at her table without a bra on, but he had her arguing about the latest hockey teams and who she thought might win the American Stanley Cup so she soon forgot that she was so exposed simply because she was having a great time arguing with him and laughing at his outrageous claims of Russian superiority on the ice. Since Gabby was an avid hockey fan, she battled him tooth and nail about that, laughing at his hilarious claims that the Russian teams could topple the American teams with their eyes closed.

"That was delicious," he said as he wiped his mouth, then leaned over to kiss her. "Thank you very much for the excellent meal." His eyes lit up as he said, "What's for dessert?"

Gabby's breath caught in her throat and her whole body started tingling. Was he serious? She glanced down nervously, then picked up both of their plates to rinse them off in the sink. "Um....I have some ice cream," she said, not sure if he meant what she thought he meant or if only her mind was traveling down that path.

Damon picked up the glasses and followed her back into the kitchen, chuckling at her nervousness. He looked over her shoulder when she opened the freezer and plucked the ice cream out of her hands. "I think ice cream would be delicious."

She pulled two bowls from the cabinet and handed them to him. But he shook his head and put the bowls back. "No need for bowls, my little prude." He took them out of her hands and slid his hands along her arm and down her waist. "Just follow my lead."

Gabby's eyes widened but she took a deep breath as he smiled down at her. A moment later, she was lifted onto the counter. In her wildest imagination, she never would have come up with some of the things he did with ice cream. She was laughing and screaming by the time he finally took his own pleasure and she had a whole new appreciation for the sweet treat.

Gabby stretched and looked out the window. With a sigh, she looked around her bedroom.

"What's wrong?" he asked, running a finger down her back.

"My house is a mess. I normally do laundry and clean my house on Saturday."

He looked around and shrugged. "Why am I getting the impression that the cleanliness of your house is substandard, and you're blaming me for this state of affairs?"

She laughed and squirmed out of his reach. "Because every time I try to become a responsible person, you do something to distract me."

He grinned, completely unrepentant. "Like this?" he asked and skimmed his fingers up the back of her leg.

Gabby laughed and pulled her legs out of his reach. "Yes. You're horrible!"

"Yes. I agree that I'm a very bad influence." He pulled her closer and looked down at her, not letting her cover herself with the sheet which she constantly tried to do unless he was making love to her. "So what are you going to do about that?"

She looked up at the ceiling, trying to control her laughter. "Um...maybe I'll have to spank you."

He chuckled and shook his head. "I'd like to see you try." He laughed at her feigned outrage and stood up. "I think it's time for dinner. You made me Italian for lunch, let's have something interesting for dinner."

Gabby laughed and slipped out of the bed herself, grabbing her robe and pulling it on quickly. She knew that he'd seen every part of her body, but there was just something about standing in front of him naked that she couldn't do. At least not when they weren't about to have sex. "You don't need to buy me dinner."

He rolled his eyes and grabbed her hand. "Come on. Let's shower and then I'm taking you out to dinner. You need sustenance for the night ahead."

Gabby laughed, delighted that he still wanted to stay the night. "Don't you ever get tired?"

"Not lately," he replied as he untied her robe and let it slip to the bathroom floor. "But you're sore, aren't you?"

"Yes." She was relieved that he understood that she felt as if every part of her body had been slightly bruised.

"I wish I could say that I'm sorry, but I'm not." He turned on the water and adjusted the temperature before pulling her under the spray. He didn't touch her sexually, but lathered every part of her including her hair. It felt wonderful having his strong hands massage her tired, sore muscles. She was about to turn around and repay the effort, but he grabbed the soap and did it himself. "Don't you want me to..." she started to say, but he shook his head. "If you do that, we won't be out of this shower and you're already tender. Go find something pretty to wear and I'll be out in a moment."

She grabbed a towel and stepped out of the shower, drying herself off and hurrying though her dressing process, not wanting to be naked around him again but also not wanting him to tease her about her shyness. She started to lift up a black dress that was one of her more sophisticated, but he stepped out of the bathroom at that moment and picked out a red one from her closet. "Would you wear this for me?" he asked and kissed her neck.

She shrugged and looked down at the dress. It wasn't one she wore often, not as comfortable in red because of the intensity, but if he liked it, she'd go for it. She was amazed at how much she wanted to please him. This was another change from her previous relationships, she thought. Normally, she didn't really go out of her way to please the man in her life. Probably a big warning sign, she told herself silently.

Then again, why did she want to please Damon so much? They had spent less than a day together. Wasn't it wrong to feel this intensely towards a man she barely knew?

Gabby ignored those voices of doubt. Damon was fun and interesting and the most stimulating man she'd ever met. "Sure. Is there a particular restaurant you'd like to eat at?" She slipped the dress over her head and zipped it up. "I'll call ahead to get a space." She walked over to her dresser and started fluffing her hair, wondering if she had time to straighten the curls. She wished she could have sleek, sophisticated hair instead of this mess of craziness.

"I had my assistant make reservations," he came back and pulled out his phone, said something terse and a moment later, walked to the front door. When he came back into her bedroom, he was carrying a wardrobe bag which turned out to contain a dark suit and all the items he needed to dress, including a razor.

"Wow! That's service," she laughed and fluffed her hair into order as she started to put on some makeup.

She'd been expecting to dine at one of the small, local restaurants by her house, but he surprised her. His driver took them to one of the most exclusive restaurants in Washington, D.C. and they were seated at the best table, on a balcony overlooking the tables down below. The meal was incredibly delicious with a remarkable bottle of red wine complimenting the amazing food. She laughed and argued with Damon, told him about things she'd never told anyone else. He still didn't reveal too much about his childhood, but he listened to her stories and prompted her with additional questions.

Gabby was exhausted on the drive back to her house several hours later. She felt perfectly content just laying in his arms and didn't even realize it when she fell asleep until he woke her up by lifting her into his arms.

Damon looked down at the woman using his shoulder as a pillow and smiled. She really was beautiful, he thought as he looked at her long lashes laying against her perfect skin. Then he noticed the small freckles, liking the fact that her skin wasn't actually perfect. The freckles gave her character and he was surprised that he hadn't noticed them before now. Maybe she was just wearing less makeup which didn't cover them up as much, but he liked it. She was fresh and funny and made him feel good in more ways than he could count.

"I can walk," she replied sleepily and started to try and get out of his arms.

"Shh...just relax," he told her as he carried her through her house. "I like carrying you. You barely weigh anything."

Gabby thought about it for a moment, but it felt too wonderful to be coddled like this. And he smelled so good! She leaned her head against his shoulder, sighing happily as he laid her down on her bed. "You're not leaving, are you?" she asked sleepily.

He took off his jacket and laid it over the back of a chair before he started loosening the knot of his tie. "Not yet. Tomorrow I have to leave."

Gabby didn't like that answer, but she was too tired to reply. She wanted him to stay forever, she realized. The man was a whirlwind, but she now thought of him as her whirlwind and he made her feel so incredibly beautiful and sexy.

She felt him slip her shoes off and the zipper of her dress tickled her back, but after the past twenty four hours, she was just too exhausted to care about anything. When she felt him climb into the bed with her, she sighed contentedly, curling up against him, using his body heat as her blanket.

Gabby woke the following morning just as the sun was coming up over the horizon. She smiled, feeling Damon's arm on her waist, his hand actually holding her breast in his hand. He'd only woken her once last night and he'd been so gentle, she'd cried as he brought her to fulfillment. Afterwards, he'd curled up again with her in his arms and they fell back to sleep, his kisses soothing her back to unconsciousness.

She slipped out of bed, careful to not disturb his sleep. She pulled her robe on and tied it at the waist, looking down at the man who had completely changed her weekend. It had started out so horribly at the dance club Friday night, but meeting him had made her weekend into an adventure.

She looked for her slippers, wondering where they'd been kicked but spotted them sitting in her closet next to all of her other shoes. That was odd, she thought. She knew she'd worn her slippers on Friday evening while getting ready for the bridal shower, but was pretty sure she hadn't had the time to clean up afterwards.

Looking around, she realized that everything else was also put away. And dusted! She walked out of her bedroom and noticed that all the dishes were cleaned and put away, her carpets vacuumed...her whole house was completely cleaned!

She poked her head into the bedroom and sure enough, her laundry basket was empty. She glanced in her closet and the clothes she'd worn to work this week were hanging in plastic bags next to all of her other clothes. Had Damon...? She had no other explanation except that Damon had made a call and someone, or a team of someones, had come in and cleaned her whole house and done her laundry while they'd been out to dinner last night.

She glanced over at the large, muscular man with his feet dangling off the end of her bed, the pink rose colored comforter surrounding him and something tugged at her heart. She'd only casually mentioned cleaning her house and he'd secretly arranged to have someone do the job for her. Shouldn't she be irritated that he'd allowed strangers to come into her house? She supposed she should be, but she wasn't. It was a thoughtful surprise from a man who didn't appear to be as sensitive as she was finding him to be.

What a sweet man, she thought as she padded over to her electronic keyboard. She slipped the headphones over her ears so she wouldn't disturb him or her neighbors at this early hour. She'd love an actual piano, but they were too expensive and she simply didn't have the room in her tiny cottage. Besides, this small keyboard gave her the music she needed, something to satisfy her craving to create. Her fingers slid over the keys, her mind sifting through the various music pieces she loved. Thinking about Damon, her fingers started playing Debussy's "Claire de Lune", her fingers skimming over the keys as the music soothed her soul.

As the day slowly started to seep into his mind, Damon knew that something was wrong but wasn't ready to fully wake up just yet. He was already hard and aching, but he knew that Gabriella was still tender from yesterday. He'd made love to her last night and it had been wonderful, but he was determined to leave her alone today, give her time to recover.

But as his mind started working slowly, he realized that she was no longer curled up next to him. He looked to the side and found that she wasn't in the bed with him any longer and her absence disturbed him. She was supposed to be right here with him dammit!

He jerked upright and looked around. She wasn't even in the bedroom but he heard something out in her small den. He stood up and immediately thought about buying her a larger house. This one was tiny and if he was going to be here more often, she would need more space. Hell, he didn't even fit on her miniature bed! That would be the first to go, he told himself with determination.

First things first though. He had to find the missing woman before he could tell her that he was going to buy her a larger home.

He walked out to her tiny den and stopped, frozen in place as he took in the lovely picture of Gabriella sitting at an electronic keyboard, headphones covering her ears and her eyes closed as she swayed to whatever she was playing on the instrument. Her body was leaning to the right and left softly, shifting to whatever music she was playing and her beautiful, long fingers stroked the keys gently.

He swallowed the lump in his throat as he absorbed the scene before him and tried to put this picture into perspective. This was just sex, he reminded himself. He liked spending time with Gabby and she had the most incredible body he'd ever seen with her soft curves and flashing eyes. But raw emotions like what he was feeling right at the moment were never part of his relationships with the opposite sex. He didn't do emotions so seeing her like this, so enraptured by the music, did not affect him in any way, he asserted to himself firmly.

But he couldn't stop himself from moving towards her. Sensing his presence, she opened her eyes, watching him approach but she didn't stop playing. He halted when he was standing in front of the keyboard, his hand reaching down and unplugging the headphones and gently taking them from over her ears to set them off to the side. Suddenly, the whole cottage was filled with the sound of her music and something in his heart ached as it absorbed the incredibly beautiful sound her fingers created as they touched each of those keys. He didn't move, didn't think he even blinked, not wanting to miss a moment of watching her play the music.

Slowly, the piece built up to a crescendo, her fingers flying and her body straining to reach all the keys while she maintained her gaze with him. As the music slowed, and eventually ended, her hands floated above the keys for an instant....the house filling with a moment of silence and she looked up at him....then her hands dropped to her robe covered lap.

"That was extraordinary," he finally said, his voice rough with an emotion he wasn't comfortable feeling. He walked over to her, took her hand and gently pulled her so that she was standing next to him. He kissed her, conveying all of those feelings back to her that he couldn't define, showing her with his kiss what he couldn't say with words or even admit he was feeling to himself.

Gabby was overwhelmed with his kiss, her hand reaching up to touch his cheek, to calm him in a way. He leaned into her touch and she wrapped her arms around his neck, reassuring him that everything was still okay. She knew exactly how he felt because music did the same thing to her. It both soothed and excited, while creating turmoil as the notes wove through her body and soul. When any song ended, she felt both exhilarated and sad, eager to start a new song so that the magic could once again float around her.

Damon didn't want another song. He wanted her arms and legs around him, squeezing him and making him feel desire once again. He wanted her to obliterate that painful emotion her music created within him that almost hurt inside with the beauty of what she'd just played. He picked her up and carried her back to bed, kissing every inch of her body, making her scream with frustration and need. And only when she begged him would he move between her legs, taking her slowly, giving every part of himself to her just as she'd done with the music.

When the storm subsided, Gabby curled up in his arms while Damon stared at the ceiling. She was so soft and perfect, fitting against his hard body like no other woman ever had. And that scared the hell out of him. He didn't want to be vulnerable. Life was hard, and difficult. He had to be strong or someone would come in and hurt him as well as the people he cared for.

He needed to find his brother. Something inside of him snapped and he knew that he had to get back to his mission of finding his brother quickly. He had to leave.

Looking down at this woman, this incredibly cute, beautiful and magical woman, he felt as if something were crushing his chest, hurting him and stabbing at his heart.

With extreme care, he slipped his arm out from underneath her. He rose from the bed, watching her as he dressed as quickly as possible. The sun was coming up, shining through the trees and his only desire was to get out of this tiny house, take several deep breaths and figure out where his brother might be hiding now with his books and his thoughts.

He made sure that the door was locked as he stepped out into the cool morning. His guards were already standing beside the limousine door, still scanning the woods surrounding Gabriella's house. He nodded to both of them as he ducked into the back seat, handing his wardrobe bag to Justin just as he shut the door on them. Moments later, they were driving away. Damon had to actually grit his teeth at the ache that formed in his chest. Several times he almost told hid guards to turn around and take him back to Gabriella. But he remained strong, fisting both of his hands to try and diffuse the memory of her soft, porcelain skin and the silk of her curly hair.

Chapter 3

Gabby woke up, startled by the silence and the lack of warmth from Damon's body that she'd grown used to so quickly. Looking around, she felt a strong urge to find Damon. Where was he? She slipped out of bed and found her robe, tightening it around her waist as she pushed her curls back off her forehead. She checked the bathroom, the kitchen and even looked outside. Gone was the long, black limousine parked in her driveway. Had he just gone to a store to grab something for breakfast?

She looked outside her kitchen window, trying to see if perhaps one of his guards was still checking the perimeter of her property. But the more she stared out at the silent, dew-damp trees, the deeper the sadness went inside of her.

He was gone, she told herself. He'd left without even saying goodbye. She had no doubts that she would ever see him again. He wasn't the type of man who would settle down with someone like her. Wretchedly she acknowledged that she wasn't his type, except maybe for a private weekend fling.

She made herself a cup of herbal tea and curled up on her sofa, willing the heat of her tea to seep into her freezing cold fingers. Unfortunately, the tea couldn't compare to the heat of Damon's body against hers, or the heat from his eyes that never failed to warm her up.

Staring out the front window, praying that he would come back, that his silly limousine would turn the corner into her driveway and just appear out of nowhere with him inside, jumping out of the back before it even stopped and rushing to her door to tell her he was sorry for leaving her so abruptly. He'd have a bag of still-warm bagels in his arms, grab her around the waist and lift her up for his kiss.

As the tears trailed down her cheeks, Gabby knew that her fantasies were not going to come true. She had to accept that he was gone, not coming back. As the morning shifted into afternoon, and then the sunshine faded into night, she continued to cry, curling up on the sofa and staring at nothing in particular. Her mind wouldn't let her remember the moments in his arms because the bittersweet memories were too painful, but nor could she think about how she was going to get through the next day. Or even the next minute.

She must have fallen asleep at some point during the night because she woke up on the sofa, her back and neck aching from the uncomfortable angle the pillows had forced her into during her sleep. Glancing at the clock over her mantle, she knew that she should get ready for work, but it just seemed like such a monumental task.

She pulled herself up off the couch and headed into the bathroom. The warm water soothed her slightly, but she still felt the tingles all over her body when she remembered how sweet Damon had been while he'd washed her so gently the previous day.

The next few days at work were difficult, but as she went through the motions, throwing herself into projects so that she didn't have to think about Damon, wonder where he was or what he was doing, she slowly started to put her weekend with him into perspective. It had been a fantasy weekend, she convinced herself. There had been no promises on either side for a future and if she'd been thinking along those lines, she'd been deluding herself and she deserved this kind of pain and anguish.

Anytime she started to think about Damon, she pushed him from her mind and forced herself to focus on something else. She couldn't think about him, couldn't remember their weekend together. It hurt too much to think about those moments and wonder where he was now. And more specifically, who he was doing it with.

Gabby hated the idea of Damon in another woman's arms, doing to her what they'd shared last weekend. She had to ignore those images or it would tear her up. She had no right to be jealous and had to just keep putting one foot in front of the other and continue moving forward with her life.

She didn't even have a way to contact him, to ask him why he'd left so abruptly. She did a search for him on her computer and found his company, but the size and complexity of what he'd created intimidated her. She supposed she could have called the headquarters and asked to speak with Damon Petrov, but there were probably so many levels of personnel to protect him from crank callers that she'd never get through.

Was she being a coward for not even trying? Or was she accepting that he'd moved on and she needed to accept that? One part of her wanted to fight for what they'd shared, to try and convince him that they could experience that magic again. But the stronger part, the one that had all the pride, refused to let her make the call. He'd walked out on her without even a goodbye or an explanation. He'd skulked away in the morning and that was wrong. She didn't deserve that kind of treatment so if he thought so little of her, then she should be glad he was gone!

Slowly, she started to pull herself out of the funk that his departure had instigated. In the future, when she was ready to date again and find someone that could possibly make her feel like Damon had, she promised herself that she would be strong, smart and cautious. She'd gone right into that weekend with Damon thinking that he was better than this, but she hadn't even known the man, how could she have known he had a love 'em and leave 'em type of attitude?

If she wasn't working, she was organizing a bridal shower for Maggie, minus her future husband's petty cousins. She didn't feel bad in the least about not inviting them, assuming they were probably on the prowl for their next male victim anyway and she didn't want a reminder of that night that had started her weekend fling with a jerk.

Maggie was thrilled by the traditional bridal shower with all of her friends in attendance, pretty pink and white or floral wrapped gifts and a beautiful cake covered with frosting roses in Maggie's wedding colors that Gabby made herself. Several of their other friends helped organize it with Gabby and on the day of the party, they all crammed into Gabby's tiny cottage, happy to sip wine, eat appetizers and cake and joke about men in general. It was a heartwarming gathering of her friends, but she still felt like a part of her was missing. No matter how hard she tried, every time she slowed down, she started to think about Damon.

So after the party, she worked even harder, pushing herself at work, taking on more projects and going to exercise classes in the evenings. She'd sometimes go back to the office after her workouts, just so she didn't have to be alone in her cottage, sleep in that bed without Damon, imagining his large, masculine body surrounded by her pink, cottage roses and his feet hanging off the mattress. She took on so many additional projects that even her boss was looking at her strangely. Her friends and co-workers joked that she was becoming obsessed with getting her next promotion, but Gabby just smiled stiffly and ducked her head back down to resolve her next problem.

By the end of the third week, she acknowledged that she had to slow down. She was exhausted all day long and couldn't seem to make it through her evening workouts. Several times that week, she'd make it home only to fall onto the couch and fall asleep, waking up several hours later starving. She would raid her pantry and fridge, which wasn't a good idea since she didn't have much in the way of food, but after eating anything she could find, she would simply fall back into bed and sleep until her alarm woke her in the morning.

Maggie's wedding was absolutely beautiful. Her friend was radiant in her lace covered wedding gown and Marc was thrilled to watch her walk down the aisle to him. When they walked out of the church with happiness glowing on each of their ecstatic faces, Gabby couldn't stop the tear from falling down her cheek. She even wished it was one of those sappy, happy tears but she couldn't help the pang of jealousy she felt that her best friend had found her true love.

Damon wasn't her true love, she told herself angrily as she went through the motions of having a good time at Maggie's wedding reception. He was just really good in bed. She had to stop equating good sex to a viable relationship. The two were not connected!

A week after the wedding, she was busy cleaning her apartment, hair tied up in a scrunchie, no makeup on since it was Saturday and she always cleaned on the weekend. Because she needed to keep busy, she'd also tackled the grimy job of scrubbing her cabinets. When the doorbell rang, she wasn't concerned but took off her rubber gloves and dusted the dirt off of her jeans.

She suspected that it was Maggie who had come back from her honeymoon and raced to the door, eager to hear all the details and see her friend, anyone who could keep her mind off of the man who constantly slipped into her consciousness. "Are you all tan...." She stopped in mid-sentence when she realized that it wasn't Maggie. In fact, it was the one man she'd thought never to see again and as soon as her mind registered his presence, she stepped back and shoved the door shut.

Or tried to. The man wouldn't allow her to close it. Instead of being a gentleman and allowing her to slam the door in his face, he stepped into the cottage, putting his hand up to stop the door from closing and smiled down at her with those grey eyes that never failed to entice her, even now when she was so angry about him just showing up out of the blue after a month. "Will you let me explain?" he asked gently.

Her eyes widened with surprise. He wanted to explain now? Over a month after he skulked out of her house without a word? Was he really that arrogant that he thought she would actually listen to his explanation?

Obviously he was, since he was standing in front of her expectantly. "No! Get the hell out of my house! You walked out once, you proved that you are quite capable of that task so just do it one more time!"

"Don't you want to hear why?" Damon looked down at her heart shaped face, those lips pursed in anger and it took all of his strength to keep his hands from just pulling her into his arms and kissing her. She deserved an explanation, or at least as much of an explanation as he could give her. He didn't understand it completely himself, but he knew that he wanted her and wasn't going to give her up. She felt too right, too soft and perfect when he was with her and he wasn't going to lose her again.

She took a step closer and punched him in the stomach, so angry with him she couldn't think. Pain and anger had taken over where rational thought should be because of his surprise re-appearance. "Did someone die?" Unfortunately, his stomach muscles were so tight and hard from whatever he did to work out that it hurt her hand with zero impact on him. The obnoxious man didn't even grunt from her jab, although she knew she hadn't put her heart into it. She didn't want to hurt him physically, just show him that she didn't like him anymore.

Derrick's eyebrows went up with her question, not sure where she was going with it. "No."

She crossed her arms over her stomach and took a step back. "Did you find out you had some horrible, terminal disease?"

"No!" he replied, his palms raised up for emphasis.

Her eyes skimmed over his body dressed in a casual white shirt and well worn jeans that looked delectable on him. She tore her eyes away from his broad, muscular shoulders and looked up into those grey eyes once again. "It appears you have all of your limbs, so there's really no valid reason why you had to leave, without any note, any goodbye, just skulking away in the morning. So no! I really don't want to hear why you did that! I just want you to get out of my house!"

She was screaming by the end of her tirade but he didn't budge, which only made her angrier. She wanted to punch him again, but the first time had only hurt her hand and hadn't even received a grunt of acknowledgement.

"If you'll just hear me out, I really think I can give you a good enough reason why I left like I did." His voice was soft and coaxing, and he was moving forward, his hand grabbing her fist before she could punch him again. Gabby was instantly distracted when he took her fist in his large, warm hand, sending shock waves through her body when he massaged the tender knuckles.

"Don't hurt yourself, Gabriella."

"Gabby! My name is Gabby! I thought it was sweet when you used my formal name before but now I know what an absolute jerk you are and it just irritates me!"

He chuckled, having suspected she had this kind of fire in her before because of her passion in bed, but seeing it in full force was delightful. "Your name is Gabriella. Not Gabby. I will call you what I want to call you." He took another step forward, boxing her into the back of her sofa. "And since you refuse to listen to me, I'm going to have to take extreme measures to show you that what we had together is not gone."

"There's nothing..." she started to say, but then his mouth covered hers and his hands slipped under her shirt, completely distracting her from what she was going to say. She wanted so desperately to push him away and tell him to get out again, but she couldn't speak with his mouth covering hers, kissing her as if she were the most delicious donut in the box. And she kissed him back! She couldn't help it. Her body had missed this excitement so much! She hadn't known it existed before he'd entered her life but after just thirty-six hours in his company all those weeks ago, she knew that he was the only man who could stir her senses and make her feel so incredibly beautiful and desired.

"Don't do this," she gasped, but her body moved closer, her face lifted and she searched for his mouth, wanting to taste him again. "You have to go."

"Later," he growled and swung her up into his arms. When he had her on her bed, drowning in her flower covered down comforter, he pulled the scrunchie out of her hair and tossed it to the side. "You'll never have to clean again, Gabby. I'll make sure of it."

She had no idea what he was talking about, but his hands had moved to her waist, sliding under her shirt, lifting it over her head. A moment after her pink cotton tee shirt was tossed aside, his mouth covered her nipple, making her scream out with the reaction of the heat on her nipple, his teeth biting the sensitized flesh and she arched into his mouth, demanding more. Her hands slipped into his hair, holding him in place while his mouth sucked and nipped, driving her crazy. He didn't stop until her hips were moving underneath him and then he moved to the other breast, giving it the same attention.

"Damn you!" she gasped, but her fingers were pulling at the buttons on his shirt, pushing the material out of her way. When she finally reached his skin, her fingers moved over the dark hair and strong muscles, her head thrown back as she reveled in being able to touch him once again.

He would have helped her pull his clothes off, wanting to feel her tiny hands on his skin desperately, but he was too busy trying to get her clothes off of her adorable body, needing to feel all of her to make sure this was real. She didn't try to get his shirt off, just tore at the buttons, then slid her hands over his chest, moving downward to unbuckle his belt. When he stood up to pull her jeans down, he helped her by ripping off his own before coming back to her, pushing her legs apart as he covered her with his large body. Grabbing a condom, he tore the foil off recklessly and slid it on as fast as he could.

"You're so beautiful," he said a moment before he pushed himself into her. He closed his eyes, savoring the feel of her incredible heat surrounding him, clasping him and giving him that sense of perfectness that he'd only felt when he was with her the last time.

He watched her beautiful face as he moved inside her, using her gasps and whimpers as clues on how to move, when to move faster or slower. When she was so close, he moved against her like she'd told him to the last time they were together. And when she climaxed in his arms, her screams and the tight throbbing brought him along with her.

As his orgasm took over, his last thought was that he was finally right where he knew he needed to be. With this woman and in her arms. Everything felt right when he was with her.

Afterwards, he cradled her in his arms, rubbing his hand across her back. He realized after several minutes of silence, that she'd actually fallen asleep on him. He lay there in her tiny bed and made plans for her. He already had a house picked out for her. He'd bought it last week when he accepted that he wanted her back in his life. Mentally he worked through the way she made him feel in his mind, forming a plan of action that would help him keep his distance, but still be with her as much as he could without being singed.

As he settled into the mattress, content to just hold her until she woke up, the thought occurred to him that his feet were once again dangling off of this damn bed! The house he'd bought her was about ten thousand square feet and he was determined that the very first thing that would disappear was this miniature mattress. He didn't want to move because she felt so perfect sleeping in his arms, but his mind was anticipating making love to her when his feet were no longer hanging off the end of the bed.

She'd need a full time maid too. One that would cook for her, he thought as his fingers moved over her back, feeling the ribs that were now protruding. As she slept, he took a moment to survey her body and he realized that she'd lost too much weight. His eyebrows shot down as she took in the other bones that were now jutting out where they shouldn't be. She'd been thin before, but she'd lost weight and it didn't look right on her. She wasn't the stick thin kind of woman. She had perfect curves and a softness that was inviting and exhilarating.

Which only meant she hadn't been eating well after he'd left. He felt bad but his mind immediately went through different ways he could make it up to her. Diamonds, he thought with relish. Yes, a diamond bracelet would look fabulous on her wrist. And matching earrings. He thought about a diamond necklace he'd seen in a store one morning recently and knew that it would look perfect around her sexy neck where he could kiss her and make love to her. He rather liked the idea of making love to his woman draped only in diamonds.

Chapter 4

Gabby woke up feeling hot and extremely uncomfortable. Her stomach felt as if it were going to heave at any moment which was not good since she hadn't eaten breakfast yet. She opened one eye and looked at the clock. Why did it say that it was already past noon? She'd woken up earlier, hadn't she? Or was it not the same day? Things had been a bit of a grey blur since...

Her head snapped to the left and she saw Damon sleeping next to her. She didn't have time to wonder about the dark circles under his eyes because her stomach decided at that point that it didn't like movement of any kind. As she raced to the bathroom, she scrambled into her robe before emptying what little was in her stomach into the toilet. Over and over her stomach heaved, getting down to the acid before it finally settled into just a horrible, nauseous feeling.

She was reaching for a wash cloth when a warm one was handed to her. She didn't bother to look up, knowing that Damon was towering over her. "Why are you still here?" she asked after she'd wiped her face, leaning against the cool tiles of the bathroom wall.

Damon flushed the toilet and crossed his arms over his massive chest. "When was your last period, Gabriella?" he asked, his voice hard and unyielding.

Gabby turned to glare at him, furious that he would ask such a horrible and intimate question. "Is it really any of your business?"

His eyes actually hardened with her reply. "I have a suspicion that it is very much my business. Answer the question," he demanded.

She would have rolled her eyes, but she just didn't have the strength. "I don't know exactly. Sometime in July or August." She felt too miserable to fight him, so answering was just the next easiest reaction.

She heard his sharp intake of breath and wondered about it, but she didn't have much time since her stomach heaved once again. "Please, just leave me alone," she begged in between bouts of sickness.

Another wash cloth was handed to her but she shook it away. "Not warm," she said softly, unable to get much energy into her voice.

Another one was brought to her forehead a moment later, and this one was blissfully cool. She let her head drop into the strong hand and just reveled in the amazing feeling of the cool towel. "Thank you," she sighed and closed her eyes.

"It's late September, Gabriella. When were you going to tell me?"

"Tell you what?" she asked, uncaring of what he was talking about unless it would get him out of her cottage so she could rest in peace.

"Tell me that you are pregnant."

Her heart stopped in that moment and she lifted her head, staring up at him. But that movement wasn't good and once again, her stomach heaved out the air, which was all that was left.

Gabby wanted to cry but she didn't have the energy. All she wanted to do was lie down on her bathroom floor and let the cool tiles sooth her heated body. "I'm not pregnant."

He gritted his teeth, assuming she was lying to him. A woman didn't fall asleep in the middle of the morning, wake up throwing up, be eight weeks late and not be pregnant. He wasn't stupid and he resented the fact that she was even trying to fool him. "Let's test that out," he growled and dialed a number on his cell phone. When the other person answered, he gave terse instructions and then hung up again. "Come along," he said and picked her up in his arms, carrying her to the bed once again.

"Please, just leave me alone," she begged, but there was no use arguing with him and when he put her down in the middle of her bed, she felt better since the world wasn't moving any longer.

Damon watched her sleep, making sure she was okay for the next few moments. Once her breathing was deep and rhythmic, he moved out of her bedroom and took out his phone. He made several calls, arranged things exactly the way he wanted them, then showered and waited for Gabriella to wake up so he could explain how things were going to work going forward.

He tried to calm down as well. He was furious that she hadn't told him that she was pregnant. Was she planning to have an abortion? Not while he was around! And he damn well knew that he was going to be around. She might not like it, but she'd better just accept that fact. Until this child was born, he wasn't letting her out of his sight unless she was with one of his body guards.

Nika had done that to him when he was eighteen and he'd vowed that it would never happen again.

He ran his hands through his hair in frustration, determined to get everything settled as soon as possible. A thought occurred to him and he ate up the distance between her den and kitchen. Sure enough, there was barely any food in the pantry or fridge. Was she trying to starve herself? He knew that women wanted to be thin but this was extreme. She'd lost too much weight and it showed on her face along with the dark circles. Even the spark had left those beautiful, blue eyes of hers.

He pulled out his cell phone again and gave more instructions. Forty-five minutes later, Justin arrived with four bags filled with fruits, vegetables and various other groceries. They were all stacked in her pantry and fridge by the time he heard her waking up.

He moved into her bedroom and stood beside her bed, too furious to even touch her.

She rolled over, her eyes sleepy and her hair rumpled. She looked like a siren pulling him towards the rocks, intent on his destruction. Damon cursed himself for letting his body react to her warm, almost naked body once again. He had to be firm. She'd be his soon enough and he'd have to exercise patience until that time. Until then, he had some rules to lay down.

Not yet though. Everything wasn't in place. A few more days and she'd be his. He had to be patient. He bent down low and looked her in the eye, irritated when she sank back into the pillows warily. "I have to go but I'll be back. You need to eat something. And Justin will be with you until someone comes along to relieve him tonight."

She didn't like the sound of his statements. It sounded like Justin would be guarding her for more than intruders but why would he be thinking along those terms?

"Why is he even staying here?" she asked, trying to sit up without coming any closer to him. She didn't want to touch him, afraid of what happened each time that happened. She was suddenly ravenous so she slid her legs off of the bed and stood on the opposite side. "And why are you still here?" All her anger and resentment at his previous departure coming back now that her stomach wasn't heaving violently. "Don't you have some emergency to run off and resolve?" She grabbed a pair of jeans and a tee-shirt as well as some underwear, hiding those pieces in her hand before she slammed into her bathroom. "Feel free to do another disappearing act today!" she called out through the bathroom doorway.

She showered quickly, not bothering to put on any makeup. It was Saturday and she had nothing to do except clean her house and she'd done most of that already. She'd lost the momentum on her usual cleaning spree, didn't feel like doing much else other than curling up in a chair with a bowl of popcorn and watching a sappy movie.

After pulling on her clean clothes and brushing her teeth, she ran her fingers through her curls, satisfied that she looked presentable enough for her television and any missed dust bunnies due to her aborted cleaning schedule.

When she opened her bathroom door, she stopped and listened, actually nervous about facing Damon after everything that had transpired over the morning. Gabby wasn't sure if she was more embarrassed by the way she'd attacked him sexually or how she'd thrown up so violently afterwards.

She didn't hear any more noise outside, so she assumed that Damon had followed her instructions and left. She leaned her head against the door, wishing that he hadn't been so obedient. Why couldn't he have fought for her? Was she not good enough for him? Did he have someone else? Was he married?

That thought spurred her into action and she hurried out of her bedroom, only to find him sitting on her sofa checking his messages on his cell phone.

She ignored the soaring excitement of her traitor heart and said, "What are you still doing here? I thought I told you to get out. Several times, in fact." She stood in the doorway, hands on her hips and trying to be intimidating and assertive. Unfortunately, she feared that she was neither and her body still betrayed her. She felt her nipples harden at the incredible sight of him in her house, looking relaxed and delicious to her starving eyes.

He stood up and took in her appearance, from the top of her curly head to her bare feet, stopping to admire those lovely breasts that were poking against her thin tee shirt. He saw her nipples harden even more and smiled, his eyes moving to hers, letting her know that he understood the impact he had on her. He then came over to stand in front of her, towering above her and ignoring her glare. "I don't follow orders very well. Never have, never will." His eyes softened slightly before he said, "Unless they're orders that I find interesting. Anything you'd like to toss at me that I might want to hear?"

She blushed and hated him for his soft laughter. "Get out!"

"Not until I see you eat something." He walked out of her family room, leaving her standing there with her mouth hanging open with fury.

"And what if I'm not hungry?"

She stood in her kitchen doorway while he picked up some carry out boxes from her fridge which she knew hadn't been there before. He opened the lid of each, peeking into several of them before he nodded and stuck one of them into the microwave to heat up. "Then you'll eat anyway. You have to eat properly for the baby."

Gabby had forgotten about that and the thought dissipated all of her anger. Her whole body went slack and one of her hands covered her stomach protectively. "I'm not pregnant," she whispered sadly.

He stopped watching the food heat up and turned to face her. Something about the way she was looking at him struck a chord inside of him and he almost relented. But he had experience with this sort of thing. When it came to women, they didn't want to give up their figures by getting pregnant. Gabriella's figure was significantly more enticing than most so she had more to lose. He suspected that she would look smoking hot when her pregnancy started showing. Her lush curves and adorable bottom would only be accentuated by a swollen belly. He didn't say any of this, thinking she'd just be unhappy about the impending damage to her body so he stayed on topic.

"Don't try and fool me, Gabriella," he replied sternly. "I'm not an idiot. All the symptoms are there. If you're too impatient to take a pregnancy test, then so be it, but I'm going on the assumption that you're pregnant until proven otherwise."

Her jaw dropped open. "Are you saying that I'm lying to you about being pregnant?"

"That's exactly what I'm saying," he replied softly and with a great deal of menace as he leaned forward over her.

Gabby just about screamed with her frustration. Poking him in the middle of his chest, she snapped, "What do I have to do to prove to you that I'm not pregnant?"

"Take a pregnancy test," he came back quickly.

"Bring it on, big boy!" she yelled back at him, hands on hips and not intimidated at all. Well, she was, but she hoped it didn't show. The man was huge, after all.

He pulled out his cell phone and, at the same time, pointed at the microwave and said, "Eat!"

Gabby crossed her arms over her chest and glared back at him while he spoke on the phone. She was actually painfully hungry and whatever was in that microwave smelled incredibly delicious. But because he ordered her to, she wouldn't eat any of it.

Damon glared right back at her, furious that she would be so obstinate. She'd lost weight since the last time he'd seen her and he knew she must be starving. But she was just being stubborn for no apparent reason.

He barked an order into his phone, then quickly snapped it shut. "We're getting married if you're pregnant."

She gasped and pulled back. "I'm guessing no one has ever called you a romantic, huh?" She would have been thrilled at the offer of marriage if he'd said it in a nicer way. And for a better reason. Her parents had married because of an accidental pregnancy and that had ended in disaster. She wasn't falling down that hill with Damon.

"With a prenup!" He was stung by her comment, because she was right. Barking at her that they were going to be married wasn't the best way to go about starting a relationship. His only excuse was that he was still reeling from the possibility that she might be carrying his child. Their child, actually. But if she didn't want it, he'd be fine without her. There was no way she'd get rid of the babe though! He'd see her in court before he'd allow that to happen again.

She continued to glare back at him but in the end, she was just too hungry to continue the game. She stepped back and straightened her shoulders. Her chin jutted out when she said, "I'm going to eat that now, but not because you told me too. Only because I'm really hungry. But you're not going to watch me do it so just back away."

Damon took a step back, relieved that she was going to be reasonable about something at least. She took the braised chicken out of the microwave and sat down with the plate, eagerly taking a bite of the savory chicken and crisp green beans. He watched in fascination as she closed her eyes, enjoying the flavors, savoring them with each bite.

"This is really good," she said softly, reverently. "Do you want a bite?" All traces of anger were gone now that she was eating something. She was still mad at him, but that anger was temporarily displaced by her love of food. She'd get back to being mad at him as soon as she'd eaten this entire plate of food, she told herself silently.

All Damon wanted to do was pull her into his arms and taste her, ignoring the food. She looked so sensuous eating like that and it was making his body react. Hell, everything about this woman made his body harden. Even watching her sleep affected him!

"No. I'm good, thanks." His voice was gruff and he was relieved when the doorbell rang.

He went to answer it, telling her it was probably one of his guards. He returned a moment later with a package from the pharmacy containing two pregnancy tests. He then stood by the table with his arms crossed over his chest, watching to see what she was going to do next.

Gabby looked at the pregnancy test kit boxes, her appetite suddenly disappearing. The bite of chicken in her mouth turned to sawdust and she had to focus on swallowing so that she didn't gag on the meal.

"There it is," she said softly. She didn't get up, didn't look at him, didn't even move. She just stared at the boxes as if they were snakes about to attack her.

After waiting for several moments, he grew impatient. "We won't have the information any sooner unless you take the test, Gabriella."

She took a deep breath and nodded her head. "You're right." She still sat there for another moment, trying to gather her courage.

"Gabriella?" Damon prompted, impatient to get the results. He had no idea what was going through her pretty head but he was starting to wonder if she was worried about the results. Could she genuinely not know that she was pregnant? Had he been the only one to put the pieces together?

Gabby snapped her head around to look at him, her eyes wary. "I'm...."

"The results won't change by anxiety," he replied although the words were more gentle than he'd intended.

Gabby took a deep breath and nodded her head. "You're right," she finally said. She stood up, picked up one of the boxes and headed for the bathroom. She was halfway across the room when she stopped, turned around and grabbed the second box. "Just to confirm any results," she said in almost a whisper.

Damon wanted to laugh at how cute she looked as she trudged to the bathroom, her shoulders back as if she were about to face the enemy and needed to brace herself. But there was little about this whole situation that was amusing and his stomach was tied in knots as he waited for the results. He realized that he wanted Gabriella to be pregnant more than anything he'd ever wanted in his life. He didn't examine that too deeply, but accepted that feeling and tried to limit his expressions.

He hated this vulnerability. Ever since he'd turned sixteen and had started to earn money, he'd been in control of his world. Nika was the only exception and when she'd aborted their baby before he even knew that the child existed, he'd been devastated. Now, standing in her tiny family room as he waited for her to come back with the results, he felt out of control, as if his life were hanging by a thread and the only thing that could snap it and create devastation was the small test that Gabriella was using.

He almost wished Yuri were here. They'd been through so much and Yuri was the only one who knew about their past, what they'd gone through. He was also the only one who knew what Nika had done and how it had affected Damon. At a time like this, Yuri would put his book down, slide his glasses higher on the bridge of his nose and put a hand to Damon's back. There would be no words of wisdom or jokes to distract him. Just the connection between brothers and that would be enough. He and Yuri might not have had the same father, had no idea who their fathers were since his mother had trolled the streets, selling her body for whatever drugs she could get, but brothers had a bond. Theirs was stronger than most after living on the streets and fending for themselves after their mother had overdosed. They'd survived then and Damon would survive now. But he just wished Yuri were here to help him through the waiting.

She was in that bathroom for more than ten minutes when he couldn't take the anticipation any longer. He had to know so he walked over to the door and knocked impatiently. "Gabriella? What's going on?" he asked. His mind instantly thought about the layout of her bathroom, then relaxed. There weren't any windows in the room so she hadn't snuck out and left him without any news.

The painful silence continued and he knocked again. "Gabriella?" he called out once more.

The door opened suddenly and he looked down at her curly, dark head. When she finally lifted her face, there were tears in her eyes and she nodded. "It's positive," she whispered.

Gabby couldn't believe it. She was actually pregnant! The joy and fear were warring within her, neither emotion actually able to gain the lead. Thoughts were flying through her head. What was she going to name the baby? Was it a boy or a girl? Would it be healthy? She quickly reviewed her medical history, trying to remember if there were any genetic issues that might harm her baby. Where would the baby sleep? She had a one bedroom cottage! She'd have to figure something out, she told herself. And fast! This baby was coming and she wasn't prepared. What's the safest crib? What about clothes? And diapers? Goodness, she didn't even know how to change a baby's diapers.

She sat down on her bed, the two test sticks in her hand, both of them showing a bold, blue plus sign indicating a positive pregnancy test.

"I need to see a doctor," she said softly, thinking of prenatal vitamins and hearing the heartbeat for the first time. She couldn't wait! This was so exciting and.....so terrifying!

Damon hadn't realized that she'd moved away from him. He was still standing in front of the bathroom, his heart soaring at the idea that Gabriella was pregnant with his baby! What an incredible miracle! He needed to buy a new house, fix his other residences. The penthouse in New York would have to go, it was too high up and the child wouldn't know to stay away from the edge of the terrace. He'd protect his child though! He'd have to hire additional body guards, specially trained to take care of children. And a nanny! He'd need to find someone who would genuinely care for his son or daughter while he was away. Whoever it was, they would need to travel. He wanted his child with him when he had to travel on business. He didn't think that would be a problem since there were so many people out there who wanted to travel the world and see the sights. Especially if he was paying the bills and making things easy and smooth.

The issues were endless, but he was still so thrilled, excited and elated that he couldn't move for several moments.

When he heard her words about seeing a doctor, he automatically assumed that she meant to get rid of the baby. He spun around, his eyes on fire as he looked down at her, seeming to be completely dejected as she held the two positive test sticks. "I'll make an appointment for the doctor," he snapped, his jaw clenching with fury at the idea of her getting rid of his child. "You're not aborting this baby, Gabriella!"

Gabby's head spun around and she gasped, horrified by his words. "What are you talking about?" she demanded, her hand covering her stomach protectively. She didn't even like the word spoken around her child!

His eyebrows were drawn low over his eyes as his fury ruled his mind. And his fear that she would harm his child. "The doctor? You're seeing my doctor and I'm going to make sure that the baby is healthy!"

She stood up and squared off as she faced him. "I'm seeing my doctor, the same woman I've been seeing since I was sixteen years old, and I will be the one to make sure this baby is healthy!"

Damon's hands were already on his hips and he wondered where this was going, livid that she was fighting him on this issue. "You're going to see a specialist in London."

She poked him in the middle of his chest to emphasize her point, refusing to back down now that she knew about this child. All of her protective instincts, feelings she'd never knew existed inside of her, were coming out and overwhelming her. "I'm seeing the doctor I'm comfortable with and can talk about any issues I might have so that she can reassure me that everything is going to be okay!" Gabby wasn't going to back down on this issue and she refused to be intimidated by his anger or his size. He could be a big, mean brute to anyone he wanted to, but he needed to leave that out of this relationship. Such as it was, she thought sadly. Their relationship was one of the weakest she'd ever heard of. Spending one weekend with the man, getting pregnant, now fighting over the doctor who was going to help them deliver this baby was not a good start to whatever affiliation they might have in the future.

"I need to make sure this baby is going to survive, Gabriella. You'll see the specialist in London. He's very good."

Gabby took a deep breath and shook her head, pushing her curls out of her eyes and trying to calm down. This was crazy. They both obviously were both struggling with new emotions, and a huge amount of fear, at least on her side. She had to help him see reason. "How about if we compromise? I'll see my doctor for this baby, but if she finds any complications, we'll go to your specialist in London. Does that work for you?" That actually comforted her as well, knowing that he had the resources to ensure the baby's health as much as humanly possible. The rest, and the bulk of the baby's life, rested in God's hands but she was more than willing to do anything she could to help. She wasn't going to simply dig her heels in out of spite. If the man knew of someone who could help in a crisis, she'd beg him for the assistance.

Damon wanted to fight her on this, but he knew that there were limits to what he could force her to do. And her compromise on the doctor was probably a good one. He didn't want to force her to see a medical professional she didn't feel comfortable talking with. If there was a problem, he wanted her to know she could talk openly and freely with whoever was examining her. Their baby's life might depend on her ability to be comfortable with her care giver.

With a deep breath, he decided to accept her offer, as long as she didn't do anything to stop this pregnancy. He could be there for every doctor's visit and one of his body guards could shadow her all other times to make sure she didn't visit a clinic that could stop this pregnancy. "I'll agree to that with a few conditions."

Her anger dissipated and wariness took its place. "What conditions?" she asked, nervous about anything he might demand. She thought back to the night they'd first met. She'd put conditions on just having a drink together so she was wary of anything he might put out there now when a baby was the issue.

"You move in with me immediately. I want to be a part of this pregnancy and I want to..." he started to tell her that he wanted to make sure she didn't do anything to harm his child, but he stopped and said, "ensure the health of the child as much as possible. I can do that better if you're in the same residence." He watched her face and saw her reaction, knew that she was going to deny him. "Second, we marry next Saturday. I want this child to have my name. I want the legal right to raise this child. And last, I come to every doctor's appointment. You're not cutting me out of anything." The last was to ensure that he could be a part of this baby's life from the beginning as well as to see it grow and form. He knew he could have his guards follow her around to make sure she didn't visit a doctor for an abortion, but they wouldn't be allowed into the examining rooms of any reputable doctor's office. So he had to stipulate that he had some rights.

Gabby was so stunned by his demands she had trouble processing them in her mind. Her eyes were wide and her jaw slack as she thought through all that he'd said. She walked out of the bedroom, uncaring if he followed her or stayed. She needed tea. And a few moments to think.

Marry him? But he didn't love her. Did she love him? A marriage without love....well, she'd seen that it didn't work firsthand.

She filled the kettle with water and put it on a burner to heat, her mind going through thousands of problems with all that he suggested. Oh, not the issue that he wanted to be there for every doctor's visits. She loved that idea. There were women in the world who had to go through the whole pregnancy by themselves, their men thinking that their job was done once conception was accomplished. The realization that he genuinely wanted to be a witness to the growth of their baby was wonderful news.

While the water heated up, she sat at her small kitchen table and stared at the wall, her mind going through all the pros and cons of his conditions. Not that she would give in on her compromise about the doctor of her choice, but she was willing to listen and hear him out, consider his suggestions with an open mind.

As she sifted through the problems, she came to one absolute realization. No, they couldn't marry, she told herself. She couldn't marry a man who didn't love her. She also accepted that she felt something powerful for this man, but she couldn't name it love. She barely knew him, had no understanding of who he was as a man and a person, only as a lover. Their one weekend together, not even a whole weekend, had been fun and wonderful, but it had centered around sex with conversations as a side benefit. Sex and love were two completely different animals and she wasn't a fool to mistake one for the other.

Move in with him? Could she do that? He'd left her once before without any explanation. That had hurt deeply and she'd been so confused, thinking that they'd had something special. How could she live with a man she didn't trust?

The kettle started boiling and she stood up to turn off the heat, pouring the hot water over her tea bag and taking several deep breaths in an effort to calm her racing heart. While her tea brewed, she stirred in some honey and sat back down at her kitchen table, her mind racing through the issues. As she sipped her tea, her mind slowly calmed down and she was able to think more clearly. There was just something soothing about herbal tea that helped her thinking process. She supposed she should be grateful that it was tea and not wine or beer, or something even worse that she needed to help her think.

She glanced around, surprised to find him standing in her kitchen doorway, his arms crossed over his chest as he waited for her response. She had no idea how long he'd been standing there waiting patiently, but as soon as she saw him she smiled, although the smile might look a bit grim which was understandable based on the subject matter.

"I won't marry you," she said firmly, her hands wrapped around her tea cup since she suddenly felt cold and nervous. There was a sharp stab of pain when she saw the hurt look in his eyes at her rejection of his proposal and she hurried to soothe that look. "You don't love me and, although I feel something very strong for you, it's probably anger right now and I don't think that's a very good basis for a marriage." She thought she saw a bit of relief in his eyes with her words, but she might have been imagining that, wanting him to be in love with her.

"The fact that you want to be there for all of the doctor's visits tells me that you really want to be a father, am I right?"

"Absolutely. I'll protect this child from anything that might harm him." He said that firmly, letting her know that he'd protect this baby even from her.

She smiled and nodded her head, missing the nuances of his statement because it had never occurred to her to do anything to harm this child. "I like that. It sounds very sweet. I'm guessing you might be one of those over-protective dads, especially if this is a baby girl, but we'll cross that bridge when we reach it."

His shoulders visibly relaxed. Damon was elated that she wasn't going to try and keep him out of the pregnancy which she could easily have done. He didn't say anything, still waiting to hear what she would say to his last condition. If she wouldn't marry him, he found that he desperately wanted her where he could see her every day. He'd fought this need over the past month and had finally given up last week which was why he was here now. He couldn't deny the need to see her, feel her and have her in his life. He'd bought her the house specifically so that he could see her whenever it was possible. This pregnancy would make things even easier. He'd demand that she travel with him wherever he went on business trips. He'd show her the world and lay it at her feet if she'd just let him. She was stubborn, but he was worse. If she'd give him this baby, she would never want for anything ever again.

Wanting her to be with him all the time was a new experience for him. He'd always kept his mistresses at a distance, coming to them when he wanted to see them, but not letting them into his life otherwise. Gabriella was different. Was it because she was pregnant? Was the need to protect his child the only reason he wanted her to be with him while he traveled around the world for his business meetings?

No, he knew that he'd been trying to figure out how to have her close ever since he'd given in on his need to see her. He'd even rearranged his travel schedule so that he would be in D.C. for the next few weeks, just so he could be with her with some uninterrupted time away, delegating several issues to his vice presidents so he didn't have to travel.

He'd looked into her work life and found that her company didn't allow their personnel to work outside of the office. Apparently her boss assumed that working from home or off-site meant the employee was most likely slacking off. Damon had fixed that issue easily enough. He'd bought the whole damn company, using his personal accounts so that it wouldn't fall under the purview of his international corporation. He wanted to be able to oversee this company on his own, to ensure that Gabriella had all the opportunities she wanted without an obnoxious boss to hold her back. It hadn't even dented his bank account since she worked for a small company.

This was the one area that wasn't in place. He'd finalized the deal with the current owner, but there were still some lingering legal issues that had to be dealt with. Until then, he kept this part of his plan to himself. He'd tell Gabriella about the sale when the time was right.

Gabby took several more sips of tea, considering all the angles. After several minutes, she nodded her head. "I don't have any place for the baby, so I don't mind moving in with you until I can have an addition put on this cottage. That would be a huge help."

Damon didn't like the sound of that at all. He didn't want a temporary relationship. He wanted a permanent one. He wanted to be with Gabriella every day. Suddenly, he realized it wasn't just because of the baby and he backed off, his mind stunned to think that he was falling into the same trap he'd done to himself with that bitch Nika when he was eighteen. Great sex did not equate to love, he reminded himself. When he'd gotten to know Nika better, he understood that he hadn't really liked the person she was, but had been too blinded by sex to see the rotten personality inside of the beautiful package. That had happened even before she'd aborted his child. He'd hated her after that but it had been a good lesson for him. It made him stronger now as he dealt with Gabriella.

He straightened his shoulders and took a deep breath. "There's no need to put an addition to this house. I've already bought you a house that's much larger than this one."

Gabby's eyes moved from her kitchen wall to his face, trying to understand what he was telling her. "You bought me a house? Why?"

He shrugged and pushed away from the wall. "Let me show you the house. Once you see it, you'll understand that it's large enough for the baby." He was actually eager to show this place to her. All of this was strange to him. Just a half hour ago, he'd been trying to figure out how to get out of here and needing to keep his distance so he wasn't surprised by any of those nasty emotions he'd experienced the last time he'd been with her. Now he was ready to spend the day with her, showing her the new house and hoping she would like it. He'd hired a decorator, given the woman only a few days and a general sense of Gabriella's style. The results looked pretty good in his mind, but he wanted her to like it as well.

He didn't wait for her response, but took her hand and pulled her out of the chair, leading her through her den and out the front door, grabbing a sweater off of the hook by the door because of the chill in the air. He grabbed her purse as well, locking the door before leading her out to the waiting limousine. Gabriella made a few feeble attempts to resist his pull, but he ignored her, sensing her curiosity about the house.

It was a short, ten minute drive to the house he'd selected. He'd actually wanted her closer in to the city so that he could get to her with less hassle, but at the time, he'd been trying to be considerate by not taking her completely out of the neighborhoods she was familiar with. Now that there was a baby in the picture, the house was actually ideal because it had a large amount of land surrounding it. That would provide both an area for his son to play in and would give his guards an easier area to protect. The issues surrounding guarding a house with close neighbors were massive. The nearest neighbor in this area was several hundred feet away, more than enough room for his guards to set up their equipment and ensure his family's safety.

Gabby sat in the limousine, her body tense with both nerves and the thought of what this house implied. He must have misspoke about the house though. He hadn't bought the house for her. He'd just bought a house as an investment and thought she might like to visit. Or maybe he'd bought it with her preferences in mind. Her heart soared at that possibility. It meant he'd been thinking about her after he'd left that horrible morning. It still didn't explain why he'd left, but it soothed a wound in her heart that she hadn't realized was still sore.

"We're here," he said as the limousine pulled into a long, tree lined driveway. When the house finally appeared, Gabby's breath stopped in her throat. This wasn't a house! It was a mansion! It was huge! The white, neoclassical style house had six massive columns on the front porch that stood in front of six large windows with black shutters framing each one. The ground floor had three doors. Three! And that was just what she could see from the front! There were side buildings and extensions, a circular drive that was surrounded by large shade trees and an enormous weeping willow dusting the opposite side of the house. The center of the drive had what seemed like a magical garden with lush bushes surrounding a stone fountain in the center.

"This is your new house?" she asked, sitting up and looking out the tinted window to get a better view. Already she loved the style even though it was bigger than she would have liked. It was just another example of Damon's enormous wealth, a wealth her mind simply couldn't grasp since it was so far outside of her world.

"This is your house," he clarified. "I bought it for you."

She turned around and looked back at him, her eyes wide with amazement. "What do you mean? You couldn't have bought a house for me. Especially not one this large and expensive." She couldn't even imagine what a house like this would cost, but it had to be in the millions.

"Why not?" he asked and opened the door, stepping onto the driveway and extending his hand to help her.

Gabby stared at the hand, actually afraid to touch him. But she couldn't just ignore his hand. That would be rude, wouldn't it?

In the end, she took the offered hand, trying very hard to suppress the shiver of awareness that struck through her every time she touched him. She obviously wasn't quite successful because he looked down at her, the heat right back in his eyes. He'd felt her reaction and thought he was going to be back in her bed as easily as that. He would be severely disappointed if he thought he was getting back into her bed tonight. Or even this afternoon, she thought with full realization that he didn't reserve his sexual appetites for the night hours.

Okay, neither did she, she thought as she pushed her need for this man to the side. She couldn't have sex with him now, she told herself firmly.

She distracted him by stepping away and asking about the house. "Why did you buy this house?" She still couldn't accept that he'd bought it for her.

"It's yours. It's fully paid for along with a staff. There's a gardener to take care of the grounds and a housekeeper to clean and make your meals. She has the authority to hire additional staff when you want to entertain and I'll pay for all the expenses."

Gabby's mouth dropped open. A gardener? A housekeeper? Was he serious? "That still doesn't answer the question of why you did it." She was too stunned to react to the staffing issue. What did one do with a household staff? And a gardener? Who had a gardener? Even her friends who had a maid come into their homes once a week to clean didn't have a gardener.

He shrugged his shoulders and took her hand, tucking it into his elbow as he led her up the stone stairs to the wide, grey porch that already had rockers on each end, complete with flowered pillows that were similar to the ones she had in her family room. "I had a decorator come in and set things up, but I'll provide an allowance for you so that you can change anything you want so it suits you better. And we'll need to decorate one of the rooms upstairs into a nursery. Obviously that's one thing I hadn't anticipated." They stepped into the foyer which was incredibly lovely with a black and white marble floor, a large, wooden table in the center with a gorgeous floral arrangement in the center. He handed her an envelope saying, "Credit cards for anything you need."

Gabby wouldn't take the envelope, just stood there staring at it as if it were evil. "I already have credit cards," she said coldly. A thought was starting to seep into her brain and she didn't like the direction it was going. Not one little bit.

He tossed the envelope back onto the polished table. "I'll show you the rest of the house." He led her through room after room that continued to amaze her. There were fresh flowers everywhere, even outside at this early fall day with chrysanthemums blooming in a rainbow of colors. Inside, there was the front parlor that moved into a dining room, then a kitchen that a gourmet chef would love. The kitchen and dining area were so filled with sunlight because of the wall of windows that Gabby gasped with delight, ignoring the smile of satisfaction he arrogantly bestowed on her as he led her to the other rooms. An office on the ground floor, a living room, a separate area for watching television or listening to music with every conceivable piece of stereo equipment available. He started to show her how to use the universal remote, but she shook her head and pushed it away, pulling her arms away and crossing them over her stomach.

She moved upstairs and, just as she'd suspected, there were several bedrooms. Nine in all, but two were filled with office equipment, one with masculine, techy sort of furniture and the other was more feminine. Both had state of the art laptops and multiple monitors and some sort of tech-looking chair, but the only other room that was furnished on this floor was the master bedroom. It was done in a soft, buttery yellow and light blue decor, plush chairs and sofas in the sitting area which was separated from the sleeping area with columns. The plush carpet cushioned her feet and the curtains filtered the bright, autumn sunlight. She didn't even want to look at the bathroom, knowing that it would be gorgeous and decadent.

The house was amazing, but the more she saw, the higher her anger boiled. This house wasn't for her. It was a house for a mistress! He'd bought this house so he could come here when he was in town and had time, let her entertain him and then he could move on to his next business deal, showing up the next time he had a break in his corporate schedule.

"What sort of schedule did you have in mind?" she asked, not even trying to keep the sarcasm and anger from her tone of voice.

Damon stopped looking around, satisfied that his directions had been followed perfectly. Especially the bed, he thought. He couldn't wait to get Gabriella into that bed where his legs weren't dangling off the end and he could spend more time enjoying her lush, incredibly sexy body at his leisure.

There was something wrong with her tone though. He turned around and looked down at her, suddenly seeing the anger there. "What's wrong? You don't like the colors? I'll have the decorator stop by and talk to you. She can change anything you don't like."

Gabby took a deep breath, trying to calm herself. "The house is beautiful. The problem isn't with any of the decorations, it's with the implication."

He was confused. If she liked the house, what was the problem?

"You're going to have to explain this to me. If you like the house, what's wrong?"

She threw her arms up. "You bought this house for me? Or for your convenience? Were you just going to plunk me in this luxury and feel good about coming and going whenever you had a moment to spare for a quickie?" She was so furious, she could barely think. "Was I to become your mistress?" she yelled at him.

She saw the truth immediately in his eyes and her anger increased in intensity. She couldn't ever remember being this furious in her whole life. This man just brought out the most extreme emotions in her! "You bastard! You thought I was the kind of woman who would appreciate this kind of gesture! You thought I would actually agree to become your mistress! No strings attached, you can come and go as you please, do as you please and I'll just wait here, wondering when you might have time for me."

"All that has changed, Gabriella. I'll be living here with you! And I'll marry you if you'd just say yes!" He honestly didn't understand why she was upset by his assumptions.

She was shaking with her anger, livid that he would think she was so low. "You can live here all you want, but there is absolutely no way I'll be living here with you! I'm not some...." She couldn't even say the word, tears forming in her eyes. She angrily wiped them away and almost ran out of the bedroom. Her pride was wounded because she'd thought he was different! Yet again, she was disappointed in her assumptions, her dreams cruelly crushed by his arrogant assumption that she would be thrilled with this kind of arrangement, that she would actually like it!

She'd honestly thought that she'd glimpsed a small bit of vulnerability in that arrogant man but all she'd done was delude herself into thinking that he might have some emotions deeply buried. She was such a sap to think that he might need her, that she could help him and heal something that had happened so long ago that had made him into this hard, unyielding man.

He was handsome and wealthy and had confidence oozing out of every pore of his body. But the tender side of him was non-existent. He was just a bastard and she'd allowed him in, once again giving him the opportunity to hurt her and humiliate her!

She ran down the stairs and outside into the sunshine, wrapping her arms around her stomach as she cried out her mortification.

"Gabriella, if you don't like the house, I'll find another," he said, right behind her and completely confused. He wanted to go to her, to pull her into his arms and make everything better but he didn't understand why she was upset. All the other women he'd been with had been begging, needling, cajoling and doing everything in their power to get him to offer them this kind of relationship. All of them would have been thrilled at what he was offering to Gabriella but none of them had tempted him in the smallest way to make this kind of commitment. She was the only one that had made him think that a long term relationship even had a chance. And he would go even further by marrying her if she would consent to the marriage.

She spun around on the thick grass, not even ware that it was perfectly manicured without a dandelion in sight. All she saw was this great big man who thought that a shameful relationship was the best she could get, and worse, the best he could offer. "The house isn't the problem! The implication of what the house represents is the problem. You thought I would be happy to be your mistress? To hang out here, waiting patiently for your time and attention. That's the problem, Damon. You thought I was mistress material and nothing more."

She shook her head when he started to argue with her. "Don't even try to say that you've already proposed. You didn't propose, you demanded that I marry you but that was only because of the baby that we only found out about this morning. No! Before we knew that this baby existed, you only wanted me on standby and were willing to pay me a very large salary, housing included, for my services. Do you understand how it makes me feel t o know that you think of me as a wh..."

"Don't you dare say that word," he interrupted, furious now because she was right. He'd messed up. Unknowingly, but he'd been wrong nonetheless. He hated being wrong and normally, he could fix anything. Hell, ordinarily he didn't mess up. In business, he never made a mistake. He took advantage of other peoples' mistakes. Women had never been a problem and Damon always knew exactly how to handle each of them until Gabriella came long looking all cute and sexy with her curves and her freckles. This woman threw all the rules out the window and made him start from scratch. She didn't fit into the box he'd made for the women in his life and it drove him crazy trying to figure her out.

But he wouldn't allow her to use the word 'whore' in reference to what they have together. This wasn't like that. It wasn't even like any of the relationships he'd had in the past. What it was, he couldn't figure out but he was going to have her in his life. Out of everything else, that was the one takeaway.

He looked down at her angry face, still amazed at how beautiful she looked with her cute little red nose and weepy, furious eyes glaring up at him.

With a deep breath, he looked up at the sky, then back down at her. "I apologize. My only excuse is that I didn't know you well. I thought you would like this house and it would be a good option for both of us to see each other whenever possible. I don't want you to be a kept woman which is why I had Donna set up the second office for you across the hallway from mine. I don't want you to quit your job unless you want to. I just thought it would be easier for both of us."

When she didn't say anything, and he even spied a bit of her anger seeping away when her shoulders relaxed somewhat, he continued although he knew this comment might backfire on him. "This house will be better for the baby," he said, his muscles tensing because she probably didn't care about the baby at all. "I get a lot of death threats in my line of work. My guards have already surveyed this property and they know how to set up adequate security. I'll try and keep the news of the baby a secret for as long as possible, but the journalists are bound to figure it out sooner or later. Most likely sooner since they follow me around like rats," he said with disgust. "As soon as they discover that you are pregnant, you and the baby will be in danger. I can protect you here."

He waited while she absorbed those words, bracing for her assertion that they should terminate the pregnancy if it put her in danger. Her eyes were round with worry and she stepped forward. His stomach clenched in anticipation of her argument but she surprised him once again.

"You're in danger?" she whispered, her hand touching him gently. "Who would want to kill you?" She hated the idea of anyone trying to harm him. All her anger and humiliation completely dissipated with the possibility that she could lose this man before she even really knew him.

"I'm pretty brutal in business, Gabriella," he said softly, more affected by her gentle touch and her worried eyes than he wanted to admit. Why wasn't she yelling about her own protection? Why wasn't she demanding that they abort the baby so that she wasn't in danger? It threw him off that her first reaction was for his safety and not her own.

"How many?" she asked, her hand rubbing down his chest to his stomach.

Damon clenched his stomach muscles, willing his body to ignore the lust pouring through him with that simple, caring touch. "I get about four or five."

She sighed, nodding her head as she took in the realization that four or five people each year thought about killing this magnificent man. She might think it, but only in the abstract he's-driving-me-crazy kind of thought. Actually writing down her intentions and coming up with a plan or a specific way of accomplishing that thought wouldn't ever occur to her. "Four or five a year doesn't seem so horrible. I know lots of people who might be irritated with me. Probably more than four or five."

He hesitated, but he didn't want to lie to her, even if it was by omission. Something inside of him wanted their relationship to be honest. And she needed to understand the danger before she committed to this relationship. He'd care for his child no matter what, and he'd always protect her. But if she decided to live away from him, he would accept that. He wouldn't like it, but he could understand if a person didn't want to live their life in fear. "Four or five a month, Gabriella. Sometimes more depending on what's happening in my business or where I am in the world."

She gasped and shook her head. "That's crazy!"

He nodded, agreeing with her assessment completely. "Most of the people who threaten public figures are certifiably crazy. I'm a very public figure as well as a wealthy man with powerful connections. That means that death threats come with the territory." His hand covered hers on his stomach involuntarily.

Gabby watched him carefully, trying to discern if he was just trying to scare her. But everything about him seemed so sincere so she doubted he was lying or even exaggerating. She wrapped her arms around his waist, laying her head against his chest. "I'm sorry you have to live like this."

His arms went around hers automatically, enjoying her soft body and tender words. "You can help by moving into a place that can be better protected. You don't have to give up your cottage," he said, his voice husky in reaction to her concern. He'd learned to live with the threats so they didn't bother him. He basically ignored them unless his security team came to him with a genuine threat. And even then, it was their job to protect him so he generally merely altered his schedule slightly so they could increase their protection until the threat was decreased or taken care of. "If you don't like this house, I'll find you another that you will love. Just say the word."

She sighed and shifted so that her forehead was against his chest. She then stepped out of his arms and nodded. "As I said, I love this house. I just didn't like the implication of what you were saying to me. But if this house will protect you better, and this baby, then we'll move in immediately."

Damon's whole body breathed a huge sigh of relief. "Thank you," he said. "I'll make sure you don't regret it." He was going to take her into his arms and kiss her, but she stepped backwards quickly.

"We're not sleeping together though." She would be firm about that. She wasn't going to be his mistress. That was the line in the sand she was drawing and she wouldn't budge on that issue. The house was big enough for both of them to live in without running into each other.

Damon almost laughed at her challenge. "Let me get this straight. You're moving in, today if possible, but you won't share my bed."

"That's right," she said, nodding for emphasis.

Damon smiled at her adorable stubbornness. Now that the issue with the baby was settled, and he would make sure that it stayed settled, and she would be living here and protected by his security team, Damon could see the humor in her position. She really thought they could live together and not share a bed? Or even have sex? The bed wasn't the only place upon which he was going to try and seduce her. Hell, any flat surface would do right now.

He would certainly enjoy the challenge. She wanted to pretend she wasn't affected by him? He'd show her exactly how deep he suspected this desire for each other would go. It might burn itself out, but he didn't mind being burned over and over again until it died down.

Chapter 5

If Gabby had known what she was getting into when she agreed to move into this marvelous house with Damon, she would have hidden in her little cottage and never come out.

She'd drawn a line in the sand with her claim that she wasn't going to have sex with Damon, but the man didn't make it easy on her. He demanded that she sleep in the master bedroom and no amount of arguing could convince him that she would be perfectly happy sleeping in one of the other eight bedrooms. So he moved into the second largest bedroom which also had a private bathroom, but the man didn't seem to think that he needed to completely dress before he came down for his morning coffee. Or any time for that matter.

He woke early every morning to work out and Gabby finally understood where all those incredible muscles came from. He ran for over an hour on the treadmill each morning. After that, most mornings he spent another forty five to sixty minutes doing weights. Several times a week, he also worked out with a trainer at his office doing various kinds of martial arts. Why he did that when he had a full security team of strong, powerful men that consisted of ex-military men or former FBI agents, she had no idea. Suffice it to say that those buff muscles didn't come naturally. She calculated that the man worked out approximately sixteen to twenty hours a week.

And not a single moment of those workouts could be considered slack time. She became exhausted just watching him. When he was on the treadmill, he constantly increased the speed until he was basically sprinting. And not just for moments but for long periods of time. When he lifted weights, his muscles and veins bulged out with the effort. She only watched one of his martial arts training sessions because it was just too horrifying. It looked like both men were in a fight to the death and it was traumatic to watch.

He rose just before five o'clock in the morning, worked out and was in the office by seven-thirty or eight o'clock. He worked until six or seven each evening, then entertained at social functions, went to charity events or attended dinner parties several nights a week. The man didn't get to sleep until about midnight every night.

It was exhausting living with him!

By the first weekend, she slept until nine o'clock in the morning, just trying to catch up on the sleep she'd lost from trying to keep up with him and she didn't even work out as hard as he did. She was satisfied with an easy three or five mile run and her weight routine consisted of half-heartedly lifting weights only a fraction of the size he used.

The first few mornings when she'd joined him, he wouldn't let her work out. It wasn't until she'd visited the obstetrician and the doctor had okayed Gabby's workouts, then he would let her exercise. Damon's preferred method of dealing with pregnancy was for Gabby to stay in bed and read while Gabby wanted to continue with her routine, just being more careful. Thankfully, her doctor affirmed that Gabby's idea was better. Exercising was fine, as long as she continued to do what she'd been doing previously and drank lots of water.

The socializing part was almost as difficult. Damon introduced her to everyone but wouldn't give them an explanation to her role in his life. She'd asked him to simply define her as his friend. He refused to call her anything until she agreed to marry him, upon which time he would introduce her as his fiancee. Since Gabby refused to accept his proposal and he refused to introduce her as a friend, their standoff left everyone wondering and gossiping about what their relationship really was.

Damon didn't care in the least. In his opinion, the rest of the world could just wallow in their curiosity and he didn't owe anyone an explanation. His private life was no one else's business.

Gabby agreed, but it made for some awkward conversations when he wasn't in the group.

The night that she finally got to meet Damon's brother was interesting. Damon brought it up casually on the Wednesday morning of their second week together. When he asked if Yuri could come over for dinner on Saturday night, Gabby was surprised that he even wanted to introduce her to his brother.

Saturday night arrived and Gabby was a nervous wreck. She changed her clothes four times before finally deciding on a black turtleneck sweater and black slacks. She felt sophisticated and yet casual, as if she weren't trying to impress anyone even though she desperately wanted to impress Damon's brother.

Damon wore a pair of jeans and a loose red shirt, not even tucked in at the waist. She was surprised because Damon was always so put together whenever someone else was around.

Yuri was a complete surprise. She was expecting a similar person to Damon, but the man who showed up was nothing like his brother.

After the two men hugged each other and joked about something in Russian that Gabby didn't understand, he turned to face Gabby with his arm around the smaller man. "Yuri, I'd like you to meet Gabriella Smith," Damon said by way of introduction.

Gabby couldn't believe that these two men were related. Where Damon was tall, dark and today she thought of him as obnoxious, Yuri was about an inch taller than she was, thin with black hair and thick glasses. He looked like the stereotypical college student, although a bit older than normal. Perhaps he was more like the movie image of a teaching assistant, which was his current status while he worked on his dissertation.

Other opposites she observed, where Damon was aggressive and charming, Yuri initially came across as shy and nervous. He wore a corduroy jacket and a white shirt with a light blue, ragged scarf around his neck to ward off the evening chill. His jeans were clean, but frayed at the cuffs and his shoes had definitely seen better days. While Damon looked put together and immaculate even with his shirt un-tucked, Yuri looked as if he'd picked up his outfit from his laundry basket fifteen minutes before he was scheduled to arrive.

Damon handed him a glass of wine and poured some seltzer water for Gabby while they all sat down in the living room. "What have you been up to?" Damon asked his little brother.

Gabby was stunned when the man came out of his shyness and told Damon about the research he'd been doing on various poetry. Several times Gabby had to smother a yawn, hoping that Yuri didn't realize that she was bored out of her mind. She respected poetry, but she hadn't ever bee enamored of the discipline like Yuri was. The energy and enthusiasm he put into poetry was amazing!

And the man didn't stop talking throughout dinner either. Damon caught her bored expressions and Gabby had to hide her amusement when she was caught. Damon winked at her at one point and Gabby thought she was going to lose it. Apparently Damon thought the same of his little brother's poetry discussions, but was more prepared for the evening.

When Gabby brought out the dessert, small plates of tiramisu that she'd bought at the bakery earlier in the day, Yuri finally realized that he'd dominated the conversation for the past several hours. "I apologize," he blushed when Gabby offered him a plate of the creamy dessert. "I know I can go overboard when I start talking about various poets. Most people don't share my interest and I've been trying to curb my comments when in mixed company." He took the plate and looked over at his brother. With pride, he asked, "So what companies are you taking over this month?"

Gabby laughed when Damon rolled his eyes. "You can't deny that you have several targets already in the works," she replied. Her company had mysteriously started allowing the staff to telecommute on some days of the week so she was able to work from home, directly across the hallway from Damon occasionally. She'd been able to listen to him on conference calls discussing various communications firms that had approached his company to be acquired. Before meeting Damon, Gabby never would have known there were so many small communications companies around the world offering so many different kinds of services and applications. Whenever she started to feel stressed about the pressures of her website building job, she just listened to Damon talk about his day and all of her pressure disappeared. Nothing could compare to the amount of work he accomplished in a twenty-four hour period.

"There are some good ones out there that might be of benefit." He and Yuri discussed various companies and their benefits for a few moments before Damon finally turned to Gabby. "Are you going to tell him?"

She had just pushed her dessert away, not really feeling up to eating the rich creamy decadence when she heard his question. She was startled and looked to Yuri, who was looking between the two of them as well. "He's your brother. You should tell him the news."

"You're finally getting married!" Yuri exclaimed and jumped up. "This is awesome news! I knew it! The moment you told me that you were moving in with her I knew that you were getting married. Ever since Nika, you've never trusted any woman enough to make this move so I knew it was significant." He was already around the table, giving his big brother a hug, his scrawny arms barely able to go around Damon's shoulders. "Congratulations," he enthused.

Damon finally got a word in and shook his head. "Not yet. Gabriella has not agreed to marry me although I've asked her several times." Damon looked down at Gabby with a meaningful look.

Yuri was completely confused now. "Well, if you're not getting married, then what do you need to tell me?"

Gabby took a deep breath before Damon could cause another misunderstanding. "I'm going to have a baby."

Yuri's face was blank for more than two seconds. When the news finally sunk in, his face split into a huge grin and he laughed. "That's even better! Damon this is fabulous news! I knew the world would right itself after that..."

"No need to bring up past women," Damon admonished firmly and Yuri immediately understood, but his face still showed his excitement.

"Still, it's really wonderful news, big brother. No one deserves this more than you after...you know..." he said mysteriously.

Damon shook his head, silently telling Yuri to change the subject. Gabby knew that there was a story here, but Damon wasn't ready to share it with her. She would have to be patient, she told herself as she loaded up the dishwasher.

"Why don't you let Jane do that in the morning," Damon suggested, coming up behind her after letting Yuri out the front door. "That's what I pay her for anyway."

"It's not that hard," she came back, then jumped when she felt his arms go around her waist. "What are you doing?"

He laughed and bent low to bite her ear. "Trying to convince you to come to bed with me. Obviously I'm not doing a very good job of it, am I?" His hand slid lower and Gabby captured his wrist, stopping him from reaching his target.

"I'm not sleeping with you Damon."

"Who said anything about sleeping?" he came back. And since her hand wouldn't let his go lower, he moved upwards, cupping her breast before she stopped him. But he only had a small taste before she stepped away.

"You're right, I'll leave the rest for Jane to clean up in the morning," she said and hurried out of the kitchen, needing to put space between them before she gave in and let him make love to her. Just that small touch had sent her senses reeling and she wanted to hurry back to him, throw herself into his arms and touch him everywhere. But tonight's dinner told her that Damon still didn't trust her as a partner. There were too many secrets that he continued to hide from her.

As she brushed her teeth and washed her face, she thought back to the conversation towards the end of the meal. The biggest question was finding out who this Nika woman was. She'd obviously had a huge impact on Damon's life and she wanted to find her and hurt her just like Gabby suspected the unknown woman had hurt Damon.

Chapter 6

Gabby took the pounding tool, or whatever it's called, and pounded out the chicken breasts, getting rid of all of her excess stress. Which was painfully high lately. Seeing Damon walking around this big, beautiful house was bad enough. He strolled downstairs to get his coffee in slacks and nothing else. He touched her wherever she was, no matter what she was doing. Sometimes, the need to just turn around and touch him back was overwhelming but she held firm, wanting more from Damon than just a sexual relationship.

It seemed to be working sometimes. They sat down to dinner alone on some nights and talked. At times their conversations were about what had happened during their days but other times, they just laughed or talked about stuff. Those moments were nice and she truly felt like she was getting to know him.

But did he care for her? There was always that sexual undercurrent that, no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't ignore it.

In the past, she'd held out on having a physical relationship with men, not willing to take that step because she didn't feel comfortable. She'd already taken that step obviously so why was she holding out now? Damon didn't seem like he was going anywhere although he didn't appear to be affected by their lack of an intimate relationship. Not like she was. Gabby was frustrated almost every moment of every day. She dreamt about him at night which meant she woke up so sexually frustrated that she wanted to scream.

Thoughts about being with him crept into her work and she suspected she was putting a great many subliminal sexual references into her clients' websites because all she thought about during the day was sex. She came home, thankfully to a perfectly clean house because Jane was an absolute wonder, and cooked until she had a full course meal prepared. She even cooked on nights when she and Damon had social obligations! Cooking and playing music were her creative outlets but she didn't have her keyboard with her. She'd tried to get it several times, but something always came up so cooking was her current outlet.

Damon sailed through the days as if nothing were wrong. He'd come back from work and kiss her on the neck, nibble her ear and Gabby had to grip the edge of the counter to stop herself from leaning back and taking what he was offering. When she wasn't looking, he would kiss her on her shoulder or her neck before he left in the morning.

He came to her door this morning to ask her a question about her schedule, no shirt, his slacks unbuttoned but the zipper up and she could see all those magnificent pectoral and abdominal muscles, that massive expanse of chest. Since the jerk was so tall, the moment she'd opened the door, that incredible chest was right there at eye level.

Had he done that on purpose? She pounded harder. Was he trying to obliterate her control of this lust that she was constantly feeling? Or was this morning an innocent accidental viewing? What was she thinking? Of course he was trying to make her give in. He never said it in so many words, but everything he did, every kiss, every touch, every knowing look he passed her way was designed by a master lover to break down her resistance.

He strolled around here in those suits all the time as well! She pounded even harder. He looked incredibly hot in those perfectly tailored, thousand dollar suits. Who wouldn't, she asked herself and pounded the chicken again and again.

And when he walked in and skimmed his hands along her already sensitized skin, his long fingers that she knew were so amazingly talented and she wanted so desperately to be on her body and touching her all over...Ugh! They simply loosened his tie and unbuttoned the top button of his dress shirt. Even the appearance of his Adam's apple made her salivate now!

She pounded out another chicken breast, putting all of her energy into getting the chicken as thin as possible. She hated living here like this, with him strutting around and being so frustratingly sexy. He made comments too. This morning, when she'd stood there in the doorway to her bedroom and him outside in the hallway with all that skin showing, small droplets of water from his shower still clinging to the middle of his chest....goodness and one of those tantalizing droplets right in the middle of that dent in his chest, just under his sternum where the ribs ended...was she going mental to want to touch that spot? Was she just going crazy no matter what?

She stopped for a moment and took a breath. Could a person be institutionalized for sexual frustration?

The morning sickness was gone, her stomach was starting to show just slightly and the pregnancy hormones were doing crazy things to her body. Her hair was thicker, her breasts were huge and she was having the oddest cravings. Last night, all she wanted was macaroni and cheese. Since she'd come downstairs at ten o'clock to make some, she knew for an absolute fact that normal mac and cheese simply wouldn't suffice. She wanted the stuff in the box with that horrible powdered cheese that tasted so perfect! Ugh! She never ate that stuff so why was she craving it now? And why in heaven's name had she hurried to the grocery store as soon as it opened this morning and bought every last box of it that they'd had on the shelves?

Yes, she really was losing her mind.

"They're already dead, you know," Damon said from the kitchen doorway.

Gabby jumped about half a foot, her chicken hammer still in the air and her eyes drawn to him no matter how hard she tried to keep from looking at him.

And dammit! There he went again. Those long fingers, the tie.....oh...and the button! Couldn't he just open a few more of those buttons? Just one or two....or ten? Then pull the material away and....

Gabby stopped, closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "You're back early," she finally got out, trying to pull her mind out of the gutter.

As was his habit, he strolled over to a side area where the alcohol was kept and poured himself a drink. Or he was about to. Gabby's eyes caught where he was headed and she cursed herself for forgetting to hide the evidence of her insanity. She'd been so disgusted by her grocery store run and lack of self-discipline this morning that she'd just dumped all those ridiculous boxes of heavenly food onto that counter where she never went, hoping to keep them out of her sight.

"Is there a reason we needed twenty-five boxes of pasta?" he asked calmly.

Gabby would have laughed at the way he stood there, carefully surveying the blue and orange boxes before gently extracting his favorite scotch from underneath the pile. The crystal glasses were in an overhead, glass-fronted cabinet and he poured himself a small amount, then looked back at the boxes and poured himself a bit more. Since there wasn't any way for him to put the scotch back in its place because of the pile of pasta boxes, he simply carried the bottle over to the counter and looked down at what she was making.

"Did they hurt you?" he asked.

"The boxes?" she replied, not sure what he was talking about.

"No, the chickens."

She glared at him as if he were the one that was insane. "Of course not."

"Then why did you beat them to a pulp."

Gabby looked down, then gasped in horror. The chicken breasts that she'd chosen because they were such a healthy alternative to powdered mac and cheese, which she'd scarfed down for lunch, were halfway beaten to a mutilated mess on one side and then almost untouched on the other side. Basically, they looked like a bulbous, disgusting mess. "Oh..." she didn't have any way to explain it so she just dropped the mallet. Bracing her hands on the side of the counter, she took several deep breaths.

Damon watched her carefully, wondering how he could help her. She looked so incredibly beautiful and all he wanted to do was take her into his arms and make love to her. He had no idea why some men thought pregnant women lost their appeal because his woman just looked more incredibly gorgeous with each passing day. It had nothing to do with her breasts, but his hands ached to explore their new fullness. His fascination was with her whole body which was starting to show and he thought the additional weight she'd put on looked perfect on her. She was all softness and curves and lusciousness.

"Tighten your tie," she said with a growl.

Damon looked at the top of her head with his eyebrows raised in surprise, her tense shoulders and the fingers gripping the sides of the granite counter weren't her normal stance and he was dumbfounded by her command. "Excuse me?" he asked as politely as possible. She was in the grips of some sort of emotion that he didn't really understand. But it had been three months since he'd held her and he was tempted to just pick her up into his arms and carry her upstairs to her bedroom. But she'd laid down the rules. No sex. Why, he didn't understand, but it had something to do with not wanting to be his mistress or be a kept woman....or something ridiculous like that. She said they needed to get to know one another. And living with her was definitely doing that, he just didn't understand why they couldn't get to know each other sexually as well.

Damn she was beautiful.

He was trying very hard to respect her wishes about the no sex, but when she looked like that, with her soft, fuzzy sweater gaping open as she leaned into the counter, those full breasts exposed to his hungry eyes and her soft, curly hair shining from the pendulum lights...she wasn't making this easy for him.

"How do you feel about animals?" she asked, looking up at him but still bent over the counter.

Damon quickly moved his eyes up to her face, wondering if she knew that he'd been looking down her sweater like some sort of voyeur.

"Eating them?" he asked with increased confusion, his eyes glancing down at the mutilated chicken he hoped they weren't having for dinner. He thought it was very sweet that she liked to cook. And she really was an exceptionally good one. But he had doubts that even she could rectify what had happened to the demolished chicken parts.

Gabby couldn't help but laugh. He did that for her a lot, made her laugh. He had a dry sense of humor that just struck her funny bone. She didn't think he even meant to say something funny but she was the kind of person that found lots of humor in everything. "No. As in pets."

The confusion cleared and he looked back at her warily. "Pets are nice. What did you have in mind?"

She thought about it for a moment, then said, "I like dogs." She nodded for emphasis.

Damon wasn't sure where this was going, but he thought about a great dane or German shepherd, something large that could help patrol the house and keep his family safe. Or maybe a fluffy cocker spaniel or golden retriever, a dog their son could play with and throw balls with during the summer months. He and Yuri had never had a pet, never had enough money for a pet and after his mother died, they hadn't even had a place to live so adopting a pet was completely out of the question. "A dog would be nice," he finally said.

His reward was a huge smile from Gabby and the lust in his body increased. He'd made her happy and he wanted her more? Was there nothing this woman could do that wouldn't increase his desire for her sexually? Was this normal? Hell, he didn't care if it was normal or insane, he liked it.

Of course, he'd like it even more if he could do something about it.

Gabby picked up the wooden board she had been using to protect the counter tops while she pounded out the chicken, scraping everything into a plastic bag and sealing it before putting it into the garbage can. "I also like cats."

Damon didn't know anything about cats except that they had long, sharp claws. A dog would be better, he thought, but said to her, "Cats are probably nice." He didn't want to commit to anything like a cat. From what he'd heard, cats were evil, independent and obnoxious.

"Yeah, you don't have to walk a cat," she explained as she put everything into the dishwasher. "Since chicken is out of the question, what are you in the mood to eat for dinner?" she asked and bent down into the lower level freezer to grab a popsicle, another craving she'd discovered.

Damon watched her cute bottom as she bent to get something and his body hardened even more. What would she do if he said he wanted her for dinner? He could easily starve for the night if he could just get her naked and into bed. It had been months since he'd had sex. It was the longest he'd ever been without female companionship since he'd discovered the amazing joys of sex when he was eighteen but not just any woman would work. It had to be this one with all of her quirks and confusing conversations and that body that he wanted so badly he actually ached to bury himself deep inside her.

Gabby spun around, popsicle already unwrapped and in her mouth. She looked across the kitchen at him. Taking the popsicle out of her mouth, she watched him warily. "I know, it's getting bigger." She sat down on one of the bar stools, staring at the popsicle dejectedly. "Everything is getting bigger and it's embarrassing."

Damon had lost track of the conversation with the view of that delectable derriere. "Are we still talking about pets?" he asked.

Gabby laughed as she bowed her head. "No. We're talking about my butt."

Damon could get into this conversation. He sat down on the stool next to hers and took her popsicle, taking a huge bite for himself and ignoring her gasp of horror. "I like your butt. Don't judge it until you can see it from my perspective." He took a sip of his scotch, impressed that popsicle and one hundred year old scotch was actually pretty good. Who knew?

"Hey! You ate half my popsicle."

He shrugged and took another sip of scotch, turning to face her. "You ruined whatever you were making for dinner. I was just taking what was offered."

She rolled her eyes. "I wasn't offering my popsicle."

"I didn't ask," he came right back.

She laughed again. "You're pretty good at just taking what you want, aren't you?"

The heat in his eyes startled her. "Not everything," he said.

Gabby knew exactly what he was saying and she froze, the popsicle halfway to her mouth.

Damon watched, waiting for her to say something but when he just saw the same heat in her eyes, he couldn't hold out any longer. He bent down and kissed her soft lips, waiting for the rejection because of her stance on sex.

When she didn't push him away, he stood up, pulling her against him and deepening the kiss. He was ravenous now and apparently, so was she. She pulled herself against him, her hands reaching up to dive into his hair, gripping his neck and pulling him down so she could kiss him more, the popsicle forgotten as it fell to the counter.

He didn't hesitate. Feeling her response, he grabbed her underneath her legs and carried her into the family room, not wanting to wait until they reached her bedroom. He laid her down on the sofa and quickly came down on top of her, careful to not put too much weight on her stomach. But he wasn't taking any chances on her changing her mind. With swift hands, he pulled her shirt off, dispensing with her bra and taking one of those luscious mounds into his mouth.

Gabby screamed out and arched her back, her hands taking his head and moving his mouth to her other breast. She couldn't stand the intensity, but didn't want it to stop.

Damon ripped his shirt open, taking her hands and placing them on his chest. He groaned as her fingers moved along his skin, shifting everywhere and he wanted to rip off her clothes and find her heat. He stood up, hearing her whimper and rushed to toss off his clothes. When he was finally free of the obnoxious material, he reached for her waist, unbuttoning the skirt, then sliding it off along with her underwear and tossing it somewhere, just not anywhere near. As he looked down at her, his mind registered that she was even more beautiful now than she had been the first time they'd had sex.

"Don't stop," she pleaded, her hips shifting restlessly, eager for him to come back to her.

"Don't worry," he growled and moved over her, his arms flexing in an effort to hold himself above her, afraid he'd hurt her. "Are you sure this is okay?" he asked, suddenly worried about hurting the baby.

Gabby grinned, warmed by his concern. "Not only is it okay, but we don't really need to use protection any longer," she told him.

What she was telling him finally sunk in and he smiled back at her. "I'll be careful," he promised and moved his length back to hers, gritting his teeth at how incredibly good she felt against him once again. "I'm sorry, Gabriella. I can't wait."

"Don't wait," she gasped, her legs already moving to wrap around his waist, her hips arching up to his and she begged him to move inside of her. "Hurry!" she urged.

They were frantic, both of them moving their hands over each other, trying to feel all the skin they'd missed for the past several months. When he moved into position, Gabby couldn't wait any longer. She pushed herself higher, feeling his erection against her heat and she wanted more of him. Her hands were on his shoulders, pushing him as if she could make him move the way she wanted him to move.

When he finally pushed himself deeper, Gabby gasped and he froze. "Are you okay?" he demanded suddenly.

"Yes!" she cried out. "But you won't be if you stop!"

Damon heard the words and almost lost it right there. But he somehow managed to control himself and slowed down, pushing himself fully into her and closing his eyes, trying to slow himself down so that he could pleasure her.

But as soon as he started moving, it took only a few strokes and she lit up, exploding around him and Damon took intense pleasure that she was so responsive, that he could do this to her. Over and over again, he took her higher, pushing her over the edge until he could no longer hold back. When his climax came, he held her tight, wanting the moment to last forever as he called out her name.

When they could breathe once again, although still with labored, gasping breaths, Damon somehow managed to roll them over on the sofa so that she was laying on top of him. He reached for his slacks and pulled something out of the pocket. Sliding a ring onto her finger, he said, "Gabby, please, you've got to marry me," then let his head fall backwards as he continued to try and get his breathing back under control. "End of conversation. Just choose a date, woman."

Gabby lifted her head from his chest where it had been laying and stared down at the beautiful ring with a huge diamond in the center. Marry him? He hadn't really asked and she didn't have the energy to hold her head up. Letting it flop back to his chest, she continued to try and gather her senses about her.

Yes, she was in love with this obnoxious, arrogant man who had absolutely no panache when it came to proposing. She didn't mind that so much as the worry that he just wanted to marry her for the baby. Was that enough? Could they make a marriage work based only on a child, her love and an incredible sex life? The sex would go away, or so she'd been told. The spark would dim and they'd be left with just her love and their child.

Should she hold out for his love? Would he ever love her? There was something in his past that was holding him back. He never spoke about his childhood, Yuri rarely ever came around but she knew that Damon took care of him as well by paying his rent and giving him spending money. Damon was a good, kind man who had a great deal of power, but from what she'd learned of him, he didn't abuse it. In fact, several people's jobs had been saved through his ability to work a company back to health. He was some sort of financial genius that just happened to be held in a body that was amazing.

"Did your parents have a lot of problems with their marriage?" she asked softly, layering her hands and putting her chin on top so she could look down at him.

"My parents aren't the issue," he said, not letting her get into that painful chapter of his life. "You and this baby are what's important and I want to know that you're taken care of. I can protect you. We should get married."

"That's not really a reason," she argued back, but not with any heat.

Damon wanted to disagree with her, but she still had his ring on so he was counting this one as a triumphant victory. "We're getting married, Gabriella," he replied firmly, as if that ever ended the argument with her. He knew she'd start in again about something but he was aware of one way to stop her. His hand moved from her waist to that adorable bottom he'd been watching and admiring earlier. "Did you want to discuss this further right now?" he asked.

She wiggled against him, those feelings soaring right back but she scrambled up and grabbed his shirt. "Why didn't you have any pets when you were a child?" she asked. She was determined to find out what he was hiding. It had hurt him and she wanted to love him completely, dark, horrible secrets and all. She contemplated giving his ring back to him, but it really was a beautiful ring and it looked perfect on her finger. She admired the sparkle as she moved her hand and wondered how he'd known what size to get.

Damon didn't want to talk about his childhood. He'd been a filthy street urchin who ate out of garbage cans after his mother's drug addiction took her life. She'd sold her body to feed her habit, not her kids. After she'd died, the government tried to put him and Yuri into an orphanage. He and his brother found out quickly that living on the street was much safer than a government run orphanage. So telling Gabby about his pathetic childhood was completely out of the question. Better that she know the man he was today. If she found out about his past, she'd run screaming, getting as far away from him as she could.

"No. We weren't allowed to have pets," he stated honestly. Pets weren't really an option in a warehouse with temperatures that dropped well below zero during the night. And food had been too precious to waste on an animal. "How about you?"

Gabby smiled and curled up onto his lap more comfortably. "We always had pets. My mom loved cats and my dad loved dogs. So they chased each other around the house. The cats would get up higher on the furniture than the dogs and wait for them to pass by underneath, then they would scratch their noses or heads. The dogs would look up and realize the cats were there and would start barking. Usually a chase would ensue and sometimes something broke."

That didn't sound like a great way to live, he thought. It seemed more like a combat zone. "Wasn't that annoying?" he asked.

Gabby laughed and shook her head. "It was fun. The dogs would sleep on one side of me at the end of my bed, the cats would curl up on my pillow and I'd be pretty warm all night long."

He bent down and nuzzled her neck with his mouth and his teeth until she squirmed. "If you'd let me back into your bed, I'd curl up around you all night and keep you warm," he said and bit her ear lobe while his hand started sneaking up underneath his shirt she'd put on.

She squirmed and laughed. "I don't think I can keep you out after tonight," she sighed.

"Good. Let's go upstairs now," he suggested, his arm already snaking underneath her legs so he could carry her to her big, comfortable bed where he could explore her blossoming body more thoroughly.

She laughed and put her hands on his shoulders to stop him. "You have to feed me first."

He was fine with that. "What happened with the chicken earlier?" he asked, more curious about the little things she did than he'd ever been about anyone in the past. "And what's with all those boxes of pasta?"

They were walking into the kitchen and she spun around, putting a finger to the middle of his chest and glaring up at him. "Don't mess with my pasta, dude," she warned, not joking in the least. "I don't know why, but I'm craving that macaroni and cheese. So just stay away from the pasta!"

He held up his hands defensively, but he was laughing at her as well. "I won't touch the pasta."

She breathed a sigh of relief and turned back around, moving back to the kitchen. "What are you in the mood to eat tonight?"

Damon raised his eyebrows at her question, then let them wander down her still slender figure. "Do I get anything I want?"

Gabby slowly realized what he was asking and blushed. "Not that," she whispered, looking around as if someone might see or know what he was saying to her.

Damon had to laugh. "Gabriella, we're in our own home. No one is going to see anything we do."

She blushed and looked away. Was she that obvious? Was he a mind reader on top of all of his other talents? "I know that!" But she also knew that his security guards were constantly walking around the perimeter of this property. The curtains were already closed because of the early nightfall, but she checked to make sure anyway.

He laughed even harder when she looked around again. "So why are you looking around as if someone might overhear our conversation?"

Her mouth quirked into a grimace and he laughed even harder. "Because of what you're suggesting," she said and walked out of the family room and back into the kitchen. "What about a pizza?" she suggested, not allowing her eyes to look towards her stash of mac and cheese. "With lots of cheese and vegetables on it?"

"Sounds perfect," he replied and dialed a number.

"Who do you call when you do that?" she asked, taking out a pitcher of water from the fridge and poured herself a glass.

"My security guards. And yours."

"Why don't we just order from our phone?"

He held up his finger, silently telling her to hold on while he spoke into his phone, then clicked it closed. "They would prefer to put in the order themselves and pick it up. The fewer strangers who enter the area, the easier it is to do their jobs. And when they order the pizza, they talk to the manager and ask certain questions. What they are, I have no idea but it's their process so I don't mess with it."

Gabby thought about that and shrugged. She didn't care how she got a pizza, it just seemed a little odd to ask someone else to dial a phone. But it made sense from a security standpoint, she supposed. She had a lot to learn. After having lived with this man for the past few months, she still thought he was a mystery.

They ate pizza in front of the fire and talked about pointless things. After a while, Gabby realized that it didn't matter too much that Damon didn't talk about himself much or his past at all. He talked to her about the things that mattered to him now and Gabby knew that was as important to her as learning about why he was the way he is.

She tried to stay awake and listen to him longer, loving the deep sound of his voice, but by nine o'clock that night, she was too tired to hold her head up. She tried to walk up the stairs, but Damon just lifted her into his arms and carried her despite her protests. He put her into bed, then took off his clothes and slid in behind her, his hand covering her belly as he held her sleeping.

Chapter 7

Gabby woke up and glanced at the clock on the bedside table. It was only thirteen minutes after two o'clock, the stars were still out and she should be exhausted. She instantly realized that she was curled up beside Damon, using his arm as her pillow and wanted to savor the moment. She'd spent so many nights dreaming about him and waking up alone. Now that he was here, warm and sexy right next to her, she didn't want to lose this feeling. She tried desperately to go back to sleep and ignore the craving, but after thirty minutes, she accepted that the effort was pointless.

She slipped out of his arms and snuck downstairs. She couldn't help it. The boxes were calling to her. If she didn't make this pasta now, she was going to do something crazy. What that crazy thing was, she didn't know she just knew that it was imperative that she make some mac and cheese fast.

Thankfully, the state of the art kitchen appliances had the water boiling in no time. She dumped the pasta in, stirred the water occasionally and waited impatiently for the pasta to re-hydrate. It was a long, tedious process, especially for a pregnant woman, but finally the pasta was finished. She was just putting the powdered cheese into the pasta, milk and margarine when Damon's tall, dark shadow came up behind her. "What the hell is that?" he asked, putting a hand on both of her hips.

She looked behind her, surprised that he'd never tried mac and cheese. "Oh, that's right, you grew up in Moscow. They probably don't have anything this delicious there, do they?"

Damon looked down at the orange colored pasta and cringed. "I certainly hope not." He looked at her eager expression and was confused. "Why are you doing this at three o'clock in the morning?" he asked.

Gabby shrugged and continued stirring. "I can't help it. The baby wants it. When she wants something, she has a pretty powerful influence on me."

Damon's only response was to grunt. He hadn't grown up with a mother who had discussed her pregnancies, so he had no idea what she craved during either his pregnancy or Yuri's. He'd never thought of those kinds of small things before, but it was interesting to see Gabriella go through this. Even in his ignorance, he was still amazed.

"So how long does this last?" he asked, leaning against the counter, watching as she picked up a fork and just started eating right out of the pot. "Do you want a bowl or plate?" he asked, almost laughing at her ecstatic expression. "I never knew you were such a cheap date."

She laughed and took another bite. "Now you know. And I have no idea how long this lasts but I hope not very long because this stuff isn't the healthiest in the world."

He peered into the pot at the orange colored stuff and nodded. "I would have to agree with you there."

"I am not going to get fat during this pregnancy. And this girl is not going to become addicted to things like this. In fact, I can't imagine ever serving her something like this."

"What if she's a he?" he asked carefully. Gabriella seemed to have accepted the idea of the pregnancy, but her comment about getting fat worried him. Was she also stuck on a girl? He had to know, not one to beat around the bush or let things fester.

She thought about that for a split second, then shrugged her shoulders as if it didn't matter. "A boy would be nice, but I think a girl would be more fun. I could dress her up in fun clothes and go shopping with her." She tossed the empty pasta box into the garbage. "I just hope this baby is healthy. If that's the case, I don't care if it's a boy or a girl. Just healthy and happy."

He raised one eyebrow at her comment, although he agreed with the healthy part of her declaration. And he would do everything in his power to ensure that the baby remained healthy. "I thought you mentioned you didn't like to shop."

Gabby thought about that and nodded. "Okay, so maybe no shopping. But she could do ballet and cool sports."

"A boy could do all of that as well. Maybe not the ballet stuff though."

She glared at him. "A boy could do ballet as well."

He rolled his eyes and shook his head. "Not any man my size."

She had to laugh at that because it was true. Or at least she assumed it was true. She'd never gotten into ballet much but it was a beautiful art with many very buff men. "I'll concede the possibility with you." She took one more bite of the pasta, then found a container and put it all into the fridge.

"That's all you're going to eat?" he asked. He would have thought she'd eat a larger portion since she'd spent the time in the middle of the night to make the stuff.

"Yes. Craving is gone. Time to go back to bed," she said and released a huge yawn. "I'm pretty tired. Are you coming?"

He was relieved that she was going with him willingly. Did she know that he'd been sleeping with her? Had she accepted that they were going to get married and be a family? He'd have to bring that up to her tomorrow when she was more awake and he could trust her answer. She might just tell him something now to appease him so she could get back to sleep.

She walked up the stairs tiredly, then crawled into bed. She was asleep before he even climbed in behind her but he didn't care. He pulled her against him once again and within moments, he too was asleep.

Chapter 8

Gabby tied the last bow nervously and gave each dog a treat for being so patient. She had no idea how Damon would feel about pets, they'd barely covered the issue last week, but things were going so well and she hoped this would be a good surprise.

She wondered why he hadn't mentioned that today was his birthday. She'd spied his wallet on the dresser yesterday morning and, just by accident, she looked at his driver's license. How odd that his birthday was on the first of November, she thought. But then again, everyone had to be born on some day so why not the first of the month? It was a nice, round number, easy to remember too. It also occurred to her that he didn't know when her birthday was either so tonight was going to be a big surprise.

The whole house smelled wonderful with the scent of chocolate cake wafting through the rooms but she had no idea what kind of cake he liked. Or even if he liked cake at all. It sounded crazy, but she knew that some people didn't like cake at all. How someone could not like cake she couldn't fathom but...okay, now she was rambling in her head and that just had to stop. It was one thing to ramble when she was nervous and actually speaking out loud. But it was a whole other issue when she was doing it all alone and in her mind with no one to argue with.

She heard Justin pull up out front and knew that, even if she'd messed up royally with the cake and the special dinner and the dogs as a surprise present, there was no turning back now. And no way to hide his surprise. There were just too many to hide and they weren't very quiet in their enthusiasm over their new home. In her mind, their scruffy appearance was negated by their sweet, loyal temperament and the adoring look in their eyes. She just hoped that Damon would see past their appearance to their wonderful personalities as well.

She hurried to the front door, eager to see the expression on his face when he walked in and saw her surprise. She smoothed the dress down over her hips nervously, then twirled the cake slightly so that the best side was visible on the kitchen counter and rushed to the front door. Was her lipstick okay? Her hair? She wanted everything to be perfect tonight. She'd called several of his favorite restaurants, asking them what he normally ordered. Unfortunately, he rarely ordered the same thing twice so she couldn't discover what his favorite meal might be. Guessing was the best she could do and went with the old macho favorite of steak and potatoes.

Damon walked into the front door and the barking and chaos, not to mention the incredible smell of something delicious struck him all at once.

Gabby was standing in the hallway, a hopeful look on her beautiful face and her hands clasped in front of her. But the wiggling animals that came rushing towards him caught his attention. He stared down at his feet, looking at three of the mangiest mutts he'd ever seen in his life. When Gabriella walked closer, he immediately noticed the nervousness in her eyes. He stood absolutely still, his eyes moving from the dogs with ridiculous looking bows around their necks, all of whom were sniffing him as if he were their dessert and wagging their tails so hard the back half of their bodies might fall off. Gabriella stood a few feet away in a lovely pink dress, her hair pulled back in a scarf and a light in her eyes that told him she'd done something special, although why she would do that was a mystery.

"You mentioned that you like dogs," she said by way of an explanation.

He nodded his head. "I guess when we were having that conversation, it was more of a theoretical discussion in my mind."

He felt like an absolute heel when her face fell to utter disappointment. "But that doesn't mean I'm not surprised," he said, hoping to get her smile back once again. At least the statement was honest. He wasn't just surprised, he was floored. "Why are there three of them?" he asked, looking down at a small, medium and large canine, all of whom were still wagging their tails, but were now sitting in front of him, one with his mouth hanging open and his tongue draped off to the side as he waited for whatever was going to happen next.

"They are sort of your birthday present," she said softly.

Damon's eyes snapped up to hers, then back to the dogs. "My birthday?" he clarified.

"Yes. I guess you don't like to celebrate it but I saw the date on your driver's license a few days ago and realized that today was your birthday. Since we sort of talked about pets the other night, I thought you might want a pet as a present."

"My birthday?" he repeated.

Damon knew how old he was, but the actual date and month of his birthday hadn't ever been told to him. He'd just picked a date the first time one of his assistants had asked him and that must be the date on his legal documents. He and Yuri had never celebrated their birthdays. In fact, Damon hadn't even realized that people did that sort of thing until he was in his mid-twenties. Even now, he rarely even acknowledged his mistresses birthdays, assigning the task of finding something appropriate for their presents to his assistant. She mentioned what she purchased and delivered, but it wasn't a piece of information he generally retained.

He knew Gabby's birthday though. It was in three months and he'd been wondering what might be appropriate as a gift to her. She didn't seem to really want anything from him. She hadn't touched the credit cards he'd arranged for her use, she came home with new clothes occasionally, but he suspected that she bought them with her own money. That was a discussion he was going to have with her at some point, but tonight, with these animals still waiting for something, Damon wasn't sure what, the discussion about her using his money instead of her own was going to have to wait.

As he stared down at the dogs, he had to smile. Trust Gabriella to choose the craziest dogs the county animal shelter could have on hand. "Why are there three of them?" he asked, still not moving even to bend down and touch them.

Gabby wasn't sure how to read his reaction. Was he upset that she'd brought these guys into his home? Or did he like her surprise. "I probably should have gotten a pure bred, shouldn't I?" she thought out loud, bending down to pet the rough fur of the German shepherd, pointer mix. The smallest one, which wasn't even identifiable as to what breeds were in him but had to be part chihuahua because of his size, was actually the alpha dog. She should have remembered that and petted him first, but he took care of her oversight by nudging his way to the head of the pack. The other two patiently waited their turn once the smallest had enough of her petting, at least for the moment.

"Three..." she looked down at them, trying to figure out the best way to explain it. "Well..." she looked up at him, saw the patient look in his eyes and ruffled the fur of the middle sized dog. "I wasn't really sure what size dog you might like so I....well....sort of got all three."

"Nothing like being thorough, eh?" he suggested, trying very hard not to laugh at her bending down amidst the dogs, getting slobbered on by their enthusiasm. She looked like a Gainsborough portrait with her pink dress flowing out around her and the dogs eagerly accepting her touch. He knew how they felt and he had to laugh. Gabby had chosen animals exactly like she'd chosen him. She'd found the scruffiest, most ill-gotten animal possible and she gave all four of them her love and affection.

She laughed softly, but still looked worried. "Do you not like them?" she asked.

Damon watched the animals for several moments. In his world, he always wanted the best of everything. After having lived with nothing for the first eighteen years of his life, he refused to settle for second best. These animals weren't second best. They were so far down the list that they probably didn't even make the list. But something inside of him completely approved of these animals in his home. Only because Gabriella had chosen them and obviously had already fallen in love with each of them and they with her if their mutual affection was any indication. The fact that Gabriella had chosen three lost, wayward animals to love gave him hope. Each of these animals were so similar to him, being lost and homeless and being found by this incredible woman. They were made for each other.

"I like them," he said and was rewarded with her relieved sigh and bright smile.

"I'm so glad!" she said, then stood up and threw her arms around him, kissing his neck and giving him a squeeze. "Thank you! They were living at a shelter that puts the animals to sleep when they've been there for too long. All three were scheduled to be put to sleep in a couple of days if someone didn't adopt them so you've literally saved their lives."

Damon looked down over her shoulder and spied all three of them looking up at him, tails wagging as they waited for their turn. "What are their names?" he asked as he shifted her to the side so he could see them more clearly.

Gabby understood that he was allowing her to keep them, but he hadn't really accepted them. He wasn't bending down and petting them like he would if he were truly excited to have them in his home.

"I wasn't going to name them until we could do it together," she said, feeling self-conscious because it sounded so sappy. "They're really smart dogs though. They've already learned not to get onto the sofa and other furniture. They're all house trained and I've asked your gardener to build them a fenced area where they can run around in and do their business without ruining the yard. Robert loves dogs so he was more that eager to help but I told him to hold off until you approved of having them."

Damon wanted to laugh but didn't want to hurt her feelings. He suspected she would have been devastated if he'd told her he didn't want any animals in the house.

"Jane is okay with them as well," Gabby said, referring to the housekeeper. "She was just as eager to see the animals when I came home. She's already made a list of treats for the dogs." She breathed a sigh of relief. "I was worried that she might not want them in the house, being as scruffy as they are."

Damon sighed and pulled her around so she was looking up at him. "Gabriella, you understand that Jane and Robert work for you. Not the other way around. If they didn't like the dogs, then they can leave and find other employment."

Gabby knew he was right, but it still seemed wrong for each of the staff employees to bear an additional burden. They already worked very hard and were exceptionally kind and thorough. "I know," she said, biting her lip to keep herself from making excuses.

He hugged her more closely before saying, "You'll get used to it."

"So what are you going to name these guys?"

Damon looked down at them and instinctively knew that he couldn't call them Mutt 1, Mutt 2 and Mutt 3. Big, Medium and Little didn't seem appropriate either. He threw it back in her court and said, "What do you suggest?"

Gabby looked down at each of them and shook her head. "I don't know. How about if we try out different names during your birthday dinner?"

His eyes showed his surprise. "There's more than just the dogs?"

She laughed and nodded her head. "Of course there's more. I have steak and baked potatoes ready to cook for dinner along with asparagus. I have no idea what your favorite meal is, so you'll just have to suffer through tonight. And there's chocolate cake for dessert."

They were walking towards the dining room, but the mention of a cake stopped his momentum. "You made me a cake?" he asked, stunned and touched beyond words.

She glanced back up at him and stopped as well. "Of course I made you a cake." She waited for him to start moving again, but when he continued to stand there dumbstruck, she took his hand and guided him into the kitchen. The chocolate cake was sitting on the counter with thick chocolate icing covering the rich cake. She looked at him as he simply stared at the cake, afraid to touch it for fear that it might go away.

A thought struck her and she had to ask, as crazy as it might seem. "Damon, have you never had a birthday cake before?" she whispered.

He barely responded, only shook his head as he continued to stare, his jaw clenched and he held her hand as if she were some sort of lifeline. Gabby moved closer to him, putting her arms around his waist and her head against his chest, holding him with all of her strength. "How about if we start out with the cake? It's your birthday, you can do whatever you want."

His startled glance told her that he'd never thought of doing something so crazy. "Cake first?"

She laughed up at him, thinking that she could see the adorable little boy inside him when he looked at her like that. "Cake first, definitely."

She took out a long knife and started cutting. She sliced a relatively large piece for him and a smaller one for herself and they sat at the breakfast bar.

He sat there with a fork in his hand, not doing anything other than staring at it in amazement. "Thank you. This is....." Damon continued to stare at the cake, not sure exactly how to express his emotions.

She sliced a piece onto her fork, testing the texture of the cake and satisfied that it had turned out well. "What kinds of cakes did your mother make when you were a kid? Is there a traditional Russian birthday cake?" she asked as she took the bite of the rich, dark chocolate, licking the fork to get all of the frosting off as well.

Damon turned the fork in his hand and cut a piece. "I've never had a birthday cake before," he said, then put the cake into his mouth, closing his eyes as he savored the incredible, rich flavor. "This is fabulous Gabriella."

Gabby's fork froze halfway to her mouth and she stared at him. "You mean there was a different way to celebrate birthdays in Russia?" She'd never heard of something like that, but was interested in anything he would tell her. He'd never revealed anything of his childhood to her and she was excited by this new revelation. Her heart was beating wildly and she wanted to jump up and celebrate, but tried to continue to be casual about his comment.

He shrugged and took another bite, closing his eyes as he enjoyed the chocolate flavor. "I don't know if there's a different way or not. We just never celebrated birthdays."

That didn't make any sense. Gabby looked down at her cake. "Is that something...."

Damon put his fork down and looked over at Gabriella. Her wide eyes stared back at him and for the first time, he actually wanted to tell someone about his background. But would he lose her? Would she run away, screaming in horror if she knew the truth about who he was?

"What's wrong, Damon?" she asked softly, putting her gentle hand over his.

He stood up and walked several steps away. "Do you have any feelings for me, Gabriella?" he asked softly, not looking at her because he couldn't stand it if she lied to him. He wasn't sure what her reaction would be but he had to know. "And don't worry about the baby. I'll take care of you and our son no matter what your answer is. I just have to know. Even if you care for me just a little bit."

Gabby took a deep breath, saw the tension in his broad, sturdy shoulders and neck and knew that this man was more vulnerable than she'd ever thought. She'd been living with him for months, was going to have his baby and was so crazy in love with him that she thought she might be losing her mind. She loved his gentle touch, the way he could drive her emotions higher than any other person with just a touch or a phrase. He had slowly become her life and she loved him dearly. She'd never thought she could love someone so deeply, especially someone she didn't really know. But deep down, Gabby knew everything she needed to know about this man. He was kind, gentle, sensitive even though he tried to hide that part of himself from her and appear to be the macho, dominant type. He was generous to a fault and brilliant at anything he set his mind to.

And she was going to put herself out there for him. "I love you," she whispered. "I don't just care for you a little bit Damon. I think you're the most fascinating person who has ever entered my life. When you left that last time, I hated you. It hurt so much and I thought you'd used me. And then you showed up and I really did hate you. In thirty-six hours, you turned my life upside down."

His shoulders drooped and one hand went to the granite counter as if to steady himself. "How can you say that when you don't know about my past. Once you know who I really am, you'll be repulsed."

Gabby laughed and shook her head. Standing up, she walked over to put her hands around his waist, hugging him closely even though her stomach was starting to get in the way. "Damon, I love you because of who you are now. Your past made you into this incredible man. I understand that you doubt my feelings for you. But if you'll let me in, I know I can prove to you that I truly love you."

He swung around, careful not to hurt her. "Then marry me," he urged. He looked down at the ring on her finger and clasped her hand. "Set the date and tell me that you'll marry me."

Gabby stared at the beautiful ring, her fingers shaking as she touched the lovely diamond that she'd been wearing for the past week. "I love this ring and all it represents," she whispered. "I love you," she said as she looked into his eyes. "But I don't want to marry you if you're only doing this for the baby," she said earnestly. "You have all the legal rights you need with this child, I won't deny you anything but you don't have to marry me, Damon. I want you to want me, not just the baby."

He pulled her into his arms and she shivered from the heat of his embrace. "Gabriella, I've wanted you from the moment I saw you in the club surrounded by all those other women. You stood out like a beautiful angel calling to me. And then you walked out instead of taking up their challenge and I knew you were the woman for me."

She laughed as the tears streamed down her cheeks. "You wanted me because I rejected you?"

"No," he laughed. "Because you didn't play their silly games. You stood by who you were and dismissed them. Not me. You've never played games, always telling me what you're feeling from the heart and I've loved you for so long. I was just afraid that you didn't care for me, that I'd ruined everything when I'd walked out that last time."

She smiled up at him and shook her head. "You're amazing."

He stilled and pulled back slightly. "I'm not amazing, Gabriella. I can't let you go on thinking that."

She kissed his chest and hugged him. "Damon, I guarantee that there's nothing in your past that could change my mind about you." She pulled back and said, "You're not a murderer, are you? Because that might scare me a bit."

He shook his head, but didn't laugh. He held her loosely, knowing that she might want to pull away from him as soon as she heard what he'd been and all that he'd done as a kid. "I never celebrated birthdays as a kid because we didn't have the money to buy food, much less a cake." He braced for her to reject him, but all she did was hug him closer and laid her cheek against his chest.

"Is that all you got?" she teased. "A poor background? You gotta do better than that," she laughed.

He sighed and led her into the living room, sitting down on one of the overstuffed chairs and placing her in front of him on the sofa. "Gabriella, that's only the good part."

She reached out and covered his hands which were clenched in front of him. "Tell me everything. I'm stronger than you think."

He took another deep breath, then gave her the information she needed to hear before she decided that he was the man for her. A part of him wanted to continue hiding his past from her, but the larger part, the part that wanted all of her and found her amazing, wanted her to know who he really was. "My mother was a prostitute who got pregnant from one of her customers. She had absolutely no idea who my father is and he could be any number of men she'd met with on the day of my conception. And she wasn't one of those high priced ladies of the evening either. She worked the street, had her corner and defended it with violence when someone moved in on her turf. She was a street wise, curb side hooker who sold her body to whoever passed by for an hour or however long it took to provide the services they had paid for."

Gabriella didn't flinch as he spoke, but his words broke her heart. Not because she was repulsed but because it only made him stronger in her eyes. "Go on," she urged.

"Yuri? He's my brother, but only my half brother. We have no idea who his father might be either."

She smiled through her sadness. "I already knew that. He looks nothing like you, nor does he have your brilliance and ambition. He's fine just living off of the allowance you provide for him and burying himself in his books. But he loves you. That much is apparent. He worships you and thinks you're the greatest brother that ever existed and that goes a long way when it comes to family."

Damon shook his head. "You're not getting it Gabriella. I'm not who you think I am."

"You're not the amazing man who pulled himself up from the gutter and grew into an astounding, brilliant, thrilling and sexy man who controls an empire that continues to grow through your intelligence and drive?"

He stumbled at that, staring at her for a long moment, then shaking his head. "No! I'm the son of a hooker and a faceless sperm donor. After my mother died of a drug overdose, I took Yuri and we hid in the streets of Moscow."

The thought of him and Yuri scrounging for shelter and warmth made her heart ache. A tear slipped down her cheek and she reached up to touch his face, trying to offer him comfort. "That must have been hard."

Damon pulled her hand away, knowing he didn't deserve her touch. "Gabriella, listen to me. We didn't have a home. We ate out of garbage cans when we couldn't find food from the back alleys of restaurants. I didn't have money for most of my childhood. I was a street rat, a gutter kid. We holed up in abandoned warehouses and fought to defend the filthy mattress on which we slept. In the winters, the only warmth we had was from a fire in an old oil drum and we shared that heat with about fifty other kids. In the summers, I scrounged for food in dumpsters. I've barely even been to school. Almost everything I know came out of a library and I even taught myself how to read."

She understood what he was trying to do and it wasn't working. "Damon, you honestly don't understand how amazing you are, do you?" she asked softly, not letting him push her away again. Instead of reaching for him, she stood up and sat down in his lap, feeling his warmth as his arms closed around her. "You're telling me all of these things to try and make me horrified, but the only thing that's happening is that I love you even more for the vulnerable child you were, and the strong, capable, caring man you have become." She stared at him, her arms wrapped around his neck so he couldn't dump her back onto the sofa as she said, "You could have created an empire based on illegal activities, or gone the way of your mother and done drugs or prostitution yourself. But you didn't," she said emphatically. "You've created jobs for thousands of families. You've generated wealth for those people as well as your investors and I know you're generous with the wealth you've accumulated."

"How do you know?" he asked, shifting her weight so she was closer to him. She couldn't know how he donated his money because he did so anonymously. No one knew but his accountant and that man was sworn to secrecy through a thorough non-disclosure statement.

She rolled her eyes and kissed his jaw. "Well, I don't know the specifics, but I know you. I know how sweet you are to me and Yuri so I'm assuming you donate a great deal of your wealth to some sort of charity. And I'm now guessing those charities have a lot to do with orphaned children, am I right?" she asked.

He just shrugged his broad, powerful shoulders instead of answering, which gave her the answer anyway. He'd actually set up a foundation that handed out food to the street kids seven days a week, ensuring that they had warm meals during the winter and offering them classes, helping them learn to read, find jobs, gave them clothes and even shelter if they wanted it. Many didn't, not trusting anyone, but he did what he could to help them survive and get out of that life.

"You don't get it, do you?" She didn't wait for a response. "The things that you're so ashamed of are the things you should be proudest of."

He shook his head, sighing as he tried to get her to understand. "I'm not proud of what I did to survive, Gabriella."

"You should be proud that you not only survived, but that you thrived!" she punched him on the shoulder, frustrated that he was still so ashamed of who he had been as a child.

He laughed at her feeble attempt but pulled her closer. That punch told him more than her gentle touch. She wasn't repulsed. She was frustrated with him for not listening to him and that usually ended in her moving away from him so he did what he could to stop that from happening. "So you aren't disgusted?"

She rolled her eyes once again. "I'm proud," she countered. She looked down at the ring he'd placed on her finger and smiled gently. "And in love with you more now than I was fifteen minutes ago."

He shook his head. "You're crazy," he replied.

"You make me crazy," she whispered back to him, biting his ear lobe. It was the first time she'd ever initiated any kind of intimacy and he pulled back, his eyes trying to assess why she was doing that. In the end, he didn't care. "You're wrong, but I love you anyway. And I'll never let you go, Gabriella. Our son will never want for anything, nor will you."

"I know. Because we'll both be there for our daughter," she countered.

He laughed and stood up, carrying her with him. "Does my birthday dinner have to be on a schedule? Or can we improvise?"

She laughed, tightening her arms around his neck. "This is your birthday," she said with promise in her eyes. "You get to decide what to do. It's all on your time schedule."

He grinned and raced up the stairs, slamming the bedroom door just as three canines tried to enter. "It's just you and me tonight," he growled.

"All of you," she replied. "I love all of you."

Epilogue

Gabby picked up the tray and opened the door with her shoulder. Damon was out back with their two month old son Jason but she was worried because Damon had been killing himself for the past several weeks on a deal and Jason had been in a grouchy mood for much of that time period. She suspected it was because Jason missed his father, but she didn't know if a two month old baby realized when one of his caregivers was absent.

As she worked her way through the garden pathway, she came around the corner and stopped in her tracks. The sight was so perfect, she didn't want to disturb the scene. Her large, handsome husband of seven months was laying on the hammock with their two month old son sleeping on his chest and all three dogs at his feet sleeping as well. The cat they'd adopted was curled up right below their infant's bottom, laying on Damon's stomach.

Jason had been up several times during the night, practically inconsolable but now that his daddy was home, he was content once again. So Gabby had to conclude that a two month old baby actually could understand when his daddy wasn't around to tuck him in and tickle him while his diaper was being changed or blow raspberries on his tummy just because they were laughing about nothing in particular.

Even the dogs were content. They'd been so amazing during her pregnancy, guarding her more completely than any purebred German Shepherd or pit bull ever could. And when Jason had come home from the hospital, all three had sniffed their new human, then sat in front of the crib, looking as if they were prepared to guard that child with their lives if needed.

The cat, which was still unnamed since Damon had just brought her home about a month ago as a surprise, had caught on to the whole circus quickly and was eager to play her part, had plopped her little bottom down in the middle of the three dogs, disdained their sniffs and proceeded to clean her fur while the dogs watched in fascination.

It was an odd mix of pets and people, but Gabby loved every moment of their days together.

She started to turn around as quietly as possible, wanting to give them more time to sleep since each of them were exhausted. But as soon as she took the first step back towards the house she heard Damon say, "Don't go," in a soft, deep voice that never failed to send shivers of excitement down her body.

Gabby stopped and turned back, placing the tray of lemonade on the whicker coffee table. He opened his other arm, cradling his son carefully to his chest while he invited Gabby to join the two of them.

"I don't want to disturb him, or you," she said just as softly, but she was already moving towards her family, wanting to snuggle up to her great big man while he cradled their tiny infant in his strong arms. He grunted slightly when the feline, irritated that her nap had been disturbed by the movement of the hammock, stood up, stretched and re-situated himself on Damon's stomach once again, using their son's bare foot as a pillow.

He kissed the top of her head and sighed, happy to have both of them here, in his house with the sunshine dappling through the leaves overhead. "I love you," he said softly.

"I love you too," she smiled as she put her head on his shoulder. "He missed you a lot while you were gone."

"I'm sorry I left you like this. I've cleared my traveling schedule for the next six months until you and Jason are able to come with me."

She swiveled her head around so she could look up at him. "Can you do that?"

He laughed softly and watched with fascination as Jason yawned and snuggled down even more. "I can do anything I want. It's my company and if I want to work out of our house, I'm damn well going to delegate everything to others to make that happen. It was too hard being gone from the two of you these past few weeks. I don't want to be without both of you again."

She smiled and clasped his hand. "I don't want you gone either."

"Are you still sore?" he asked, referring to her stitches from after the birth.

She shook her head, a secret smile forming on her face. "Everything is back to normal," she grinned up at him.

He raised his eyebrows, the smile following as he grasped what she was telling him. "All systems go?"

"Yep. Doctor has cleared me." She put her hand on her son's diaper padded bottom and said, "Let's plan the next one a bit more carefully though."

He laughed, but he was in complete agreement. "How many do you want to have?"

Gabby shrugged and looked up at him. "I'm not sure. Jason is so much fun, but he's a bit exhausting. How about six or seven?"

He looked down at her with surprise. "That many? I'm going to need a lot of practice making that many kids," he joked.

She laughed at his easy agreement. The man really did give her anything she asked for. He loved to spoil her but that many kids might be a bit much. "Oh, maybe not six or seven. Definitely at least one more though." She snuggled up closer and squeezed his hand. "But that doesn't mean you should stop practicing."

He laughed and hugged her closer. Looking up at the sky, he sighed with happiness. A happiness he never thought he would feel until he met this amazing woman. "Just tell me when and where. I'm at your service."

